"First one that I have found working for the pain and the inflammation in my knees, elbows, shoulders, etc. I am 36 and I was tested about three weeks ago, but before I was tested, I was already taking Mobic and it worked better than all the other medicines that I was taking for my arthritis. When my test come back it showed that I was full blown with arthritis and borderline rheumatoid arthritis. "
"I&#039;ve been taking 200 mg. Lamictil for the last 2.5 months in combo with 60 mg. Cymbalta. I feel much less manic than before Lamictil but feel Cymbalta is too activating  &amp; makes me manic. Seeing my shrink soon to sort it out."
"I&#039;ve only used it one night so far (over the fears of having sleep apnea, and waking when I can&#039;t breathe, a pill to keep me asleep just kind of scared me but walking around sleepier and sleepier each day, I caved.  True benefits I don&#039;t know yet, but I do know last night was the first night I slept over 8 hours STRAIGHT.  My Machine says I still had my sleep apnea events, but they seem about the same as normal."
"This is my first time using birth control pills, and it was for 2 reasons: preventing pregnancy and reducing forehead acne that always worsened around ovulation. 
I&#039;ve been taking Tricira Lo (generic brand) for the past 7 1/2 weeks. 
Initially, I found myself more tearful, but that settled down after 4 weeks. I had one instance of a headache &amp; nausea during the first 4 weeks; haven&#039;t experienced either since.
There&#039;s been ~5lb weight gain and some increase in breast size (not by a full cup though). 
I haven&#039;t noticed a significant difference in my forehead acne. It&#039;s still an issue for me, especially during the 3rd &amp; 4th (placebo) weeks of the pack. I think this may be because hormonal acne more often presents on the cheeks/chin."
"I&#039;ve been on Reclipsen for about a month now. This is my first oral contraceptive. I love this birth control. I used to have SEVERE cystic acne but this stuff keeps my skin so clear. Another thing I love about Reclipsen is that is levels out my mood and I don&#039;t have mood swings like I used to. Also I&#039;ve noticed since switching I&#039;ve been in the &quot;mood&quot; way more. I did gain 5 pounds but no complaints here! I am very thin and the weight has filled out my body! My breasts are so much perkier and larger, which is a plus for me! I also think this made my hair grow. I&#039;ve had a sudden growth in my hair and I have done nothing different to it. Only downside is it causes me to lightly bleed."
"I&#039;m 31 years old, my husband and I decided we are not ganna have a baby in the next 5 years and we are not fan of condoms, so I got the IUD. I chose Paragard for no hormones. The doc told me it causes some cramps but it goes away after some months.I got it in October 2016. I&#039;ve been miserable since then. I suddenly changed to a weak fragile person devastated to do even regular daily tasks. The sharp pain suddenly started and went to my legs. Horrible pain. Ultrasound and x ray showed its perfectly placed! The pain made my doctor and I confused and I even took the cancer tests. The pain got worse with activities and,turning on. Completely ruined my sex life. I gave up and took it out after 3 months, everything is back to normal! Not worth it"
"I have been on this medication since August when I had to get my Mirena IUD removed. I had never been on the pill before this so I was nervous about its effectiveness, but it has been wonderful so far! I have had no weight gain, no acne, no crazy mood swings... I have had my period regularly when I was supposed to on the white/brown pills. Last month I didn&#039;t get my period for the first two white pills and got very worried, but I had a very light period on the two brown pill days. I have slight breast tenderness sometimes, but nothing major. It is great that it is such a low dose of estrogen, which significantly lowers the risk of blood clots.I would highly recommend this medication to anyone looking for a great birth control."
"I went to the hospital Tuesday night because of stomach pain an I felt nauseous. They told me I had a bad UTI and some of the infection was in my kidneys that&#039;s why I was so nauseous so they prescribed me cipro I have 500 mg 20 tabs it say take one tablet twice a day but it lack to say how many hrs apart. This has been my worst experience ever!!! An I really hate this drug . Every time I take it I&#039;m throwing up I&#039;ve been able to eat a VERY LITTLE more than I was but I haven&#039;t really eaten for the past 4 days I been throwing up everything .It makes my stomach hurt an makes it hard for me to fall asleep. I have another week worth of pills but  I&#039;d rather die than take these pills. Also is it best to eat b4."
"I was a 2 pack per day person. Awesome. I quit smoking in 3 days and have been smoke free for 7 months. I would have died from cigarettes if I did not quit. I really feel that Chantix is the reason I quit. You have to want to quit and you still have to try. Chantix just makes it easier. Remember, a craving will never last more than 2 minutes. I will never be a smoker again."
"I have had a YI for about a week, my friend recommended I should try Monistat.. I went to rite aid today &amp; bought it for $18!! I just used it about 40 mins ago &amp; as soon as it was done it started burning worse than it was before, I am in so much pain now. I wish I would have read these reviews before I used this product. :("
"I am a male age 30 and I was diagnosed with Pan Colitis 3 years ago. Once I changed my diet (no lactose, less fast food, no sodas) it has seemed to be only confined to my left side. I have had a few flare ups each year but have always used prednisone each time. This works great for my UC but makes me a grump, I gain weight, get acne, etc. Each time (3-4 times) I have tried Asacol or Lialda it flushes out my colon with severe diarrhea to the point it is fluid only and each time I have stopped taking it because of the adverse reactions. Currently I am in a flare to the point of seeing blood and I do not want to have to start on prednisone again. So now I am on day 5 of taking Lialda and the diarrhea has been less each day. Hopefully I will stop seeing blood soon."
"I&#039;ve been on it for 2 weeks now and paired with a low calorie diet, have lost 15 lbs. It does curb your appetite, or... I should say it makes you have no appetite. It was a weird feeling at first, to not be interested or obsessed over whats for breakfast/lunch/dinner. I&#039;m almost never hungry anymore, and I generally only eat meals as a necessity now. 
I sometimes get dizzy, but its hard to tell if this is from Contrave or something else. I drink a glass of water and it goes away. So, it could very well be unrelated to contrave. 
The only negative side effect I experience is the inability to fall asleep at night. 
Will update this as needed as I increase dosage each month."
"OMG! What a life saver I have had migraines for years and the seem to be sinus related more often then not I wake up in the middle of the night so stuffed up I can&#039;t breath and my headache begins, a breath rite helps a little. But I have tried just about everything, Claritin, Allegra, Zyrtec, Advil &amp; Tylenol Sinus, Nasacort, Rhino (something) and many others and nothing worked. The Advil Sinus and the old Tylenol sinus helped a little. My ear nose and throat doctor put me on Singular (pill). I bought this after see the commercials stating it blocks 6 types of allergies. Within in 12 to 24 hours I could tell it was helping by 48 hours it was a like a miracle! The pressure in my head, stuffiness, headaches (that were sinus related went away)"
"I was put on Loestrin 24 because of abnormal periods after having my daughters. I did not experience any changes in mood (which is a first for me on birth control). My cup size increased during the first month and has stayed that size. The only negative side effect is that I developed  are two dark spots (Melasma) above my upper lip, which is worsened by exposure to sun. As long as I use sun block, it is not getting worse but it does make me self conscience. Other than that, the pills is regulating me and effective birth control."
"Got sick a good three times during the first week and felt dizzy. Continued to take it for another 2 weeks every morning but it made me drowsy to the point that I had to take a nap everyday. Switched to taking it at night before bed and could not sleep at all. On a positive note I did notice my concentration levels increased a bit but was surprised how I could read an article or a textbook and remember the information I had just read."
"I didn&#039;t mind this medicine. I did experience nausea for the first month as which was confirmed by the side effects of this. One thing I have to say is that I became lactose intolerant while on this and it didn&#039;t matter what I ate or drank that contained lactose the symptoms for the lactose intolerance were not good. As soon as I went off the medicine I no longer had lactose intolerance."
"I&#039;m on the final week of my 3 pack of Ortho. I haven&#039;t had any side effects from this. In the past I&#039;ve had issues with BC affecting my moods and sex drive, abnormal bleeding and making my hormonal acne even worse. So I&#039;m giving it an 8. Because it&#039;s not helping helping with my hormonal acne at all."
"I haven&#039;t been taking this medication for long but it&#039;s helped so much. Neuro started me off on 300mg at night and now I&#039;m at 600mg at night. It doesn&#039;t make me sleepy or drowsy. Before starting gabapentin, I was having migraines just about every day. I started having aphasia and vision changes with my migraines, so I decided to take action. I&#039;ve only been on it for almost 2 weeks but I&#039;ve been migraine free and my triggers are no longer triggers at this point, which is fantastic.
I should note it has reduced my appetite but this is not a negative thing."
"OMG! I tried Belsomra for the first time after several years of taken ambien. My doctor told me to try it so I could get off the ambien. Well the first 10 minutes after taken, it I got a horrible and quick pain on the left side of my brain..it was so bad I let out a loud OUCH!  I did not get sleep was up all night and the next day  I did not have to work. My behavior was like someone with narcolepsy up and down all day.  Now I don&#039;t know if this has anything to do with it but I hadn&#039;t had a cold or cold like symptoms in 10 yrs and after taken Belsomra for 1 day I got sick.  I will never take Belsomra again.  I will go back to ambien.  I contacted the FDA and told them about my side affects."
"I got it to be able to have sex with my boyfriend and because I was told that it stopped your periods I did some research and found that it did in the long term. I got it on June 24 I was fine for 2 1/2 weeks then I got my period on the 14th of July and it&#039;s now August 9th. So yes it works as birth control but I&#039;m bleeding all the time!"
"Have been using Taclonex for the past year. No relief from psoriasis from scalp and legs and this is supposed to be the best on the market. Cost is restrictive. "
"I switched off my old birth control because insurance didn&#039;t cover it and $80/mo just became too much to handle. My doctor recommended yaz despite the fact my old birth control was completely different hormonally while I didn&#039;t gain any weight on yaz I did feel bloated and retained water for the whole week before my period and then the week of my period as well. I was anxious and short tempered I even became violent towards my husband for absolutely no reason. It wasn&#039;t until this began that I knew I had to change something I couldnt live like this this is not me at all. I couldnt believe how moody I felt and how it felt like my insides were fighting every time anything would happen. I havent given my new birth control enough time but  we&#039;ll see"
"I had psoriasis on about 85% of my body before I started on the Stelara.  I have used virtually all the immunosuppressant medications in the past: Enbrel, Raptiva, Humira, just to name a few.  They all did well for a few months, but always ended up not working.  Even when they were working, I always had patches on my legs and scalp that wouldn&#039;t go away.  Not with Stelara.  A week after my first injection, the flakiness was gone, with the red quickly fading to pink.  A month later, I had my second and within 2 weeks all spots were gone.  I have now been on the medication for over a year and am currently completely free of any plague, no redness, no maddening itch.  I go and have an injection every 3 months.  Best medicine ever."
"Works much better than other over the counter medicines. My allergy came back this time of the year, and this year got worse. My sneezing won&#039;t stop even to the point I get nosebleed. So I tried Allegra, it did suppressed all the sneezing for hours, however my nose still somewhat congested. When they mean &quot;non-drowsy&quot;, they really mean it. I took other over the counter allergy medicines before, which they listed as &quot;non-drowsy&quot;, but I constantly found myself falling asleep every now and then."
"Epiduo is the only thing that has worked for me. I had pretty bad acne for two years in highschool. I tried lots of things (proactive) but finally After begging my mom finally purchased epiduo and it was a life saver. For the first month and a half it really dried out my skin and didn&#039;t seem to help much at all, but soon after that I saw a complete transformation in my skin. I no longer have acne like I used to, to this day. But even the weeks that I&#039;ve eaten terribly and slept in my makeup all week (I know I need to stop this). My &quot;acne&quot; is only a few very small pimples that are hardly red. All my friends love it too! Highly recommend this"
"Doc prescribed Taytulla to help regulate my premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). After being on medicine for 11 days, after having very regular periods for years and only spotting 2-3x in my entire life. I had breakthrough bleeding after having my period a week and a half before. I had PMS food cravings, headache, cramps, and mood swings with uncontrollable crying that were off the charts and worse than my &quot;normal PMS&quot; symptoms. In addition to the very depressing erratic mood swings, it exacerbated nerve issues in my spine, created burning down my legs, extreme back pain, which had been under control and feeling GREAT for months, until I began taking medicine. This medicine is AWFUL. Do NOT take if you have any form of mild depression. It also turned my urine brown. Lovely."
"I used to get recurrent urinary tract infections but hadn&#039;t had one in 7 years. Just got one and they tried nitrofurantonin but it did nothing. I got Bactrim and the urgency and burning was gone within hours. I don&#039;t like taking antibiotics but UTIs are no joke. Bactrim worked for me and thank goodness. I get a little stomach ache but it beats the UTI symptoms!"
"Ambien works well for me, I take 5 mg. Some nights if husband is snoring very loud I need 10 mg. I take it only when needed, like traveling or maybe twice a month. My problem is the next night I will not sleep without Ambien I have to have some wine to relax me, then I&#039;ll sleep, next night I am fine."
"I have severe acne so my doctor recommend this product. I have been using it for more than a year now and have had no positive results. For the first month it really burned and I would go to bed wanting to cry, but after my skin adjusted to it. I saw no improvements what so ever. When I told my doctor he said it takes time, but like I said, it&#039;s been more than a year now. I am really disappointed I went through all that suffering for nothing."
"A major  rip off
 even with really good insurance  there was a 50 dollar copay! After 6 hours, I was still wide awake 
 Not even drowsy
 Got up, cooked, went shopping,  did housework  all day  went to bed at midnight,  tried it again . Sometime 5 hours later I  finally  went to sleep from pure exhaustion. Very dissatisfied."
"I&#039;ve suffered from YI&#039;s over the course of 20 years and have never had the issues I am experiencing now. I used Monistat-1 for the first time 5 days ago and my symptoms have only gotten terribly worse. Intense itching, burning and pain. The ovule is completely different than the usual applicators filled with silky cream. Normally after using the cream, I experience heavy discharge followed by relief. But this time i have actually been in more distress since using the concentrated ovule. My gf said she had the exact same reaction after using the 1 day application and resorted to going back to the 3 day treatment which helped. I&#039;m literally in tears from the itching, burning and pain associated with this hellacious YI."
"Ive been in pain management for 6 years &amp; serious constipation started 2 yrs ago. Linzess &amp; Armitiza did not work. I was stuck using enemas and self manual removal. Awful - and takes time. I have drank 3 Magnesium Citrates with no BM!  Movantik works but insurance won&#039;t pay. so I take 1 / week from the few samples I get.  The pain that starts within an hour of Movantik is the worst I&#039;ve experienced: doubled over at the gut: crying like it could be anER problem. But I am doubtful of ERs so I try to make myself comfortable at home while I empty for 5-24 hours. Bloated completely uncomfortable and must plan to do nothing until the BMs end. do feel a little withdrawal so I take meds. Movantik is my only option Wish it was more gentle."
"I had a gallbladder removal in August 2011 and my weight shot up to 13.4 stones. I have been on these tablets for 3 weeks now and I have lost a staggering 9 pounds. My GP prescribed them to me on a trial basis to see if these would work and yes they have. I have my first weigh in next Tuesday so I&#039;m happy to go back and tell him I&#039;ve lost weight and hopefully he will prescribe me some more.
I do often get side effects but nothing that I can&#039;t handle but it has made me more aware of the foods I should be eating. Exercising. Never did that before and now I do. I do 10 minutes on my Vibro plate am and pm, 20 sit ups am and pm and 10 mins on rowing machine. I also walk from the bus stop to work and back."
"Let me share.. A fee days ago I noticed slight irritation at the top of my vaginal opening. I didn&#039;t think to much of it as I had changed my cleaning habits and was sure I washed way to hard and to much.. The next day it was itching.no discharge no odor but itching.. I got some anti itch cream and hoped for the best.. Today comes and it&#039;s not better but now I have discharge and that&#039;s when I knew.. It was a yeast infection..oh goody.. I was already very depressed and this just added to my sadness.. Any who I went and grabbed monistat 3..I&#039;ve read all the reviews and I was nervous but hey.. I figured no pain no gain.. I am currently lying in bed.. It&#039;s been 8 minutes since insertion.. I feel a tingle but I also used the cortisone no pain..yet"
"I have suffered from migraines for 32 years. Have taken several medications and combinations of said meds prescribed by my physician to combine. This past year has been a mild one as far as migraines for me but have had around 13 I guess and we tried Imitrex. I can say that it has worked for me. My migraines are triggered by the changes in barometric pressure due to weather so I almost always have them in spring and autumn."
"This medicine saved my life. I have panic disorder and a mild heart condition. When I was first diagnosed with my heart condition I could not leave the house for fear something would happen to me  - I guess agoraphobia set in. This medicine stopped my heart from beating rapidly and calmed me down together with my other medicines. A wonderful medicine."
"Ok. First off... Just an observation. Apparently, mental illness must occur more frequently with those of higher intelligence. Now. To review. Been on 100 mg for a week. Feeling like I&#039;m on cocaine. Must fire/block the same receptors. A difficulty? I think not. Was on Prozac for 15 yrs off and on. Messed with my libido so badly, I truly believe it was a real factor in the breakdown of my marriage. So far, so good. I love this medicine."
"I&#039;ve been on and off this pill for about a year if not two years. It&#039;s been one of the better birth controls I&#039;ve taken up until the most recent time I had a two month gap in between packets due to my insurance. My symptoms have been so off it&#039;s kinda scary. I&#039;ve lost weight since taking the pill again but I&#039;ve been bleeding for about 2 weeks, I&#039;ve been feeling very anxious and depressed almost. I&#039;m not too sure if it&#039;s all to blame on the pill or maybe my new job? But this is the first time I&#039;ve felt this way. Also a loss of appetite, I&#039;ll start eating a meal and lose interest about halfway through or get a nauseous feeling. I&#039;ve also noticed that my energy levels are very low"
"My skin got really better, got some irritation earlier, stopped using it and resumed the treatment again. Works!"
"I am in the middle of week 3.  I have lost 11 pounds and am thrilled.  I had no side effects except a little constipation.  I was feeling great.  Then 2 days ago I noticed my jaw clenching up.  I felt like I was grinding my teeth.  Then the last time I had this happen to me I was on Buproprion.  Same drug in this Contrave.  By the next day I was feeling jittery, clenched jaw and a little spacey.  Not feeling quite right at all.  Kind of nervous and almost feeling like I shouldn&#039;t be driving.  If I was busy I didn&#039;t notice it.  But when I was still it was terrible.  I am so sad, I think I am going to have to quit taking it.  I have had such good results and it was really helping me with my cravings.  I just was not hungry."
"I used Lexapro for a short time because after about a week, I found that I lost all sensation of touch.  I could stick my hand under hot running water and I couldn&#039;t tell you just by touch its general temperature.  Obviously, the rising steam gave a clue.  But I immediately requested to be taken off of it.  When I told my doctor, she thought I was lying.  Wish I could have tried it longer but I prefer not being physically numb."
"I took sertraline (zoloft) for 4 days before quitting it. The first day I felt very tired and slightly nauseous. After that I was having very loose stools, headaches, drowsiness, dizziness, and overall sense of just not being myself. Today I had my first full blown panic attack in almost 2 years (I&#039;ve been on clonazepam since my last panic attack). I know people always say to keep pushing through the side effects but I couldn&#039;t. I had to leave work and I went home and cried for hours. I felt like a complete zombie for the last 3 days. Obviously this drug effects everyone differently but for me, it was absolute hell. :("
"I have been taking triptans on and off over the past 7 years even tho I favour homeopathic and naturopathic medicine over prescriptions drugs, but was desperate as suddenly getting migraines after menopause for the first time! After finally suffering rebound headaches as my Dr. did not warn me, I couldn&#039;t sleep or was being woken up with pain, so asked for tylenol 3 for the pain and after taking one a day solely for only 2 weeks, I was off the triptans, it felt like a miracle! However, once over the hurdle, don&#039;t take codeine for a long time as that can cause rebound headaches as well, but it got me thru!!"
"I love this medicine. It has helped me stopped smoking plus it gives me much needed energy. No side effects."
"I am an adult, 54 years old, who was diagnosed with Adult ADD two years ago.  Adderall XR has made a huge difference in my quality of life.  I now have the ability to organize my day and focus on what I need to get done.  I fell very calm and can filter out all unecessary distractions.  I don&#039;t procrastinate like I use to whic has eliminated the unecessary anxioty in my life.  I work closely with my doctor to make sure that I am on the right dosage. i wish I had known about this 45 years ago!"
"I was TERRIFIED after reading all of these reviews. I used to suffer from panic attacks but those under control.....without meds. Anyway, I debated and googled and called my docs office and finally my pharmacy before finally deciding to take them. I needed all my questions answered before doing so. All is good! I ate a carb dense meal, drank approx 1 liter of water and took a probiotic all approx 2 hours before taking the medication....after about an hour I ate a small amount more. I barely felt a thing a slight cramp and maybe a wave of nausea that lasted for about 20 minutes. Nothing too intense, I would say  3 out of a 10 for both. Well I am glad I sucked it up and decided to take the meds to get better!"
"I&#039;m a 44 yr. old female and I&#039;ve taken 50mg of Zoloft for 3 weeks now. I&#039;m grateful for it. It&#039;s helped depression, OCD, PTSD, anxiety, panic attacks, terrible thoughts, mood swings, and my urge to drink alcohol. The biggest relief of all is that it&#039;s helped my PMDD! I felt a weird feeling in my legs, at night, for a bit, but that seems to have gone away a few nights ago. I have dry mouth and chew gum to help. I feel lifted, happier, calmer, make better choices and feel clearer in my thought process and more alert and aware. Pre-menopause/PMDD, can cause you to feel like your going crazy...you&#039;re NOT, it is HORMONAL. Ask your doctor about this! Wish I had 4 yrs ago, it is working for me and maybe it can help others. Good luck!"
"I am a 68 year old Vietnam veteran that has been exposed to Agent Orange and I have been plagued with atopic dermatitis for many, many years and the itching has gotten progressively worse. I was tested recently at NY CPH and found to also have a severe allergy to Ultraviolet B sunlight. 
I have been on dupixent for one month and the results are amazing. I wish that this medication was available 40 years ago so that I did not suffer as I have. Arms, legs, back and face are all clear and thankfully the itching is all but gone. Have experienced minor eye irritation at outset but that too has cleared up. Hope is eternal and wish that there are no long term affects from the medication. I too hope that I will not be on long term maintenance."
"Worked fast"
"So far, I love this birth control method. I have had some light spotting here and there and not knowing when to expect a period can be a pain, but the positives outweigh the negatives. I was worried about gaining weight or breaking out but I&#039;ve experienced neither. Give it a try and see how your body responds."
"I was on Synthroid and Cytomel for many years but my symptoms were never alleviated until I started Nature-Throid.  I&#039;m most pleased that my depression and foggy headiness were gone shortly after starting it.  I continue to see improvements in my energy levels and weight loss."
"Having taken this vile, awful-tasting garbage growing up to treat my asthma, I would say it&#039;s about as effective as a placebo. It did absolutely nothing for my asthmatic issues. If one can avoid taking this, all the better. "
"OK I&#039;ve been undiagnosed and put on anti anxietys and just left with no review of meds for 18 years. I have managed to change drs or let them ignore me or masked symptoms as I myself was a mental health nurse so unconsciously or maybe again I maybe ignored my behaviour. Anyway what I&#039;m saying is I&#039;ve tried a lot prescribed a lot and have to admit until 3 years ago when I started a new anxiety med and seeing a Dr who I didn&#039;t have to keep explaining often wrongly. So sertraline started making me clearer in thought and helped my recovery to start. I begged the dr to look at the cycles too look at the patterns of highs lows. And finally I was put on quintiapine! I can sleep when I need to at normal times and have to admit it changed my bi polar."
"I have had a very hard time with Mirena. I have had it since May 2009, 18 months ago. The insertion was very painful - I could hardly catch my breath, and felt dizzy and nauseous afterwards. For the first year, I bled ridiculously. I would get maybe a week or 10 days between extremely heavy periods. The most frustrating part was that I called my doctor&#039;s office several times, only to be told that while my experience wasn&#039;t typical, I had to give it more time. I wanted to have it taken out, but kept hoping that things might get better. I still have it in. My periods are a little more normal now, but start really early with spotting for days before the regular flow starts. It certainly hasn&#039;t stopped my periods."
"Great medicine for motivation and getting your life in order. Thoughts are clearer now and I am wondering what my life would have been like if I started the therapy sooner. Have been taking 70mg daily for approx. 7 months. One drawback I have experienced is occasional impulsive behavior linked I believe to over confidence."
"At first, my stomach was sensitive to certain foods, as time went on it was everything I ate. The gas, aching, pains, making weird noises, running to the bathroom. I had tried many over the counter and prescription medicines, NOTHING worked. Finally, I switched doctors and he suggested this medication. I take it everyday, twice a day and it literally changed my life. I would suggest this medication to anyone with irritable bowel syndrome."
"I got the mirena placed last Friday and it was excruciatingly painful and I have been bleeding heavily and cramping since. I am thinking of going to the hospital to have it removed as it is the holidays."
"About two-three months ago I was prescribed Cymbalta for my anxiety problems (EXTREME NERVOUSNESS, nervous habits, and constant worrying). I took Cymbalta for about three-four weeks and absolutely HATED it! It made me feel horrible so I asked the doctor to prescribe me something different. He started me off on 35 mg of Effexor. I have to say, this medicine at first wasn&#039;t all that great either. For the first four to five days I was extremely angry and annoyed about EVERYTHING! I thought it was going to be hopeless but finally the Effexor got better and now I&#039;m on 75 mg a day. My mind is not constantly racing nearly as much as it used to. Every now and then when I start to have panic attacks I will have to take either o.5/1 mg of Ativan to calm me."
"I had a synvisc one injection in both knees about a week ago. Initially, I was told to expect pain and swelling for the first 48 hrs. So, I took it easy and stayed off me feet.  As the week went on, the pain and swelling progressed. Exactly 7 days later, I ended up in the ER with excruciating pain , swelling and stiffness. The doctors removed 110cc&#039;s of fluid from my left knee alone. I was later released and told to follow up with my physician .To date, I am still in continuos pain and have difficulty walking. I wish I had never done this."
"I&#039;m 28 years old and have never been on birth control before, have never given birth and have never been on medication for a long period of time. I&#039;ve had mine since March and has been very effective birth control hands down. But as soon as my new health insurance kicks in, I&#039;m getting this thing removed. I have had 0 sex drive since I got this thing put in. My boyfriend and I used to have sex about 4 times a week and now it&#039;s down to maybe once a month if I don&#039;t have a yeast infection. I have had 13 infections since March. I&#039;ve become abnormally hormonal. I haven&#039;t gotten my period either. I don&#039;t recommend based solely on the side effects."
"Ok so I first started experiencing what felt like minor itching and the onset of a YI.l a few weeks ago. I have only had YI&#039;s after antibiotics and I am a firm believer in probiotics so I thought it was rather odd. I grabbed one of these in hopes that it would be a quick fix and BOY was I in for a ride on Hell&#039;s Chu-Chu train! At first, it worked fine. But it didn&#039;t cure the YI. I went to the doc yesterday to get Diflucan but decided to use the topical cream as temporary external relief while the script ran its course. I put the cream on about 20 mins ago and have been wallowing in pain since. This is so much worse than the minor itching. I would literally rather take a bullet and die!!! My vag feels like it was attacked by a wasps nest!"
"I tried the Traumeel another user suggested.  It did nothing to help with the pain.  The only relief I have found so far is Tylenol, Extra Strength and Aquaphor once everything has been pulled to the surface.  Of course keeping the affected areas uncovered is a huge help.  I sleep on a beach towel over my sheets so the shedding and peeling are &quot;contained&quot;.  It&#039;s the only way I don&#039;t itch throughout the night and even if I do, the roughness of the towel helps to get it off the skin.  Hope this helps. "
"I was pretty scared to get my Mirena in after reading reviews on it, but I have to say personally that I really liked the Mirena. I got mine put in two weeks ago and yes the procedure was very painful since I am 18 and never had any kids. I would recommend taking advill extra strength gel caps, those seem to work the best for me. Hours after I got mine done I was in a bunch if pain. I had really bad cramps, fever and I was puking which was not fun at all. But the next day all the pain went away and I felt like myself again. I only bled for three days after getting it in then it completely went away and I am in no more pain! I am able to have sex with my bf normally, and the only side effects I endured was loss of appetite."
"I have been taking it for 15 years and no major side effects. Even took it while pregnant. The doctors recommended as a safe medicine to control seizure and my baby was fine and I was fine. Thank God!"
"I was skeptical at first, considering that this was a generic version of the Plan B, even though my pharmacist assured me it did the exact same things and had the exact same ingredients, and the amount of bad reviews but it works!!! I took it the same day of having unprotected sex and a week and a couple days later my period came on. Just stay calm and try not to stress it&#039;ll most likely work!!!"
"Continued: I experienced some breast tenderness and slight breast growth (I ain&#039;t complaining about that) I&#039;m currently in my second pack and experiencing no side effects at all! I am very happy with this medication and impressed with how well it worked out for me despite all the negative reviews. Don&#039;t let the reviews frighten you, everyone&#039;s BODY&#039;S are different so try it out for yourself!! :) good luck"
"I was on adderall for about 10 years after I lost too much weight on Dexatrin. I began when I was about 10 and went all the way up to 40-60 mg a day, depending on how I felt. I was great for focus, but I definitely had sweaty pits, which I find really annoying. After Adderall stopped working, I switched to Concerta for 3 years, then to VyvanSe, which was incredible. All of these medications, though, made me feel like a schizo. Because I started so young, I got used to the feelings, but I would be a robot when I was on them, and coming down, irritable until I ate, then crazy hyper. Adderall did everything it was supposed to do, and because of it I was able to get into a great boarding school, great college, and now grad school."
"I was on the patch after my second child. In the past I would have a hard time remembering to take my pill everyday so I thought this seemed like a great alternative. After 3-4 months I had unexplained joint pain that started in 1 leg and then both legs. It became so bad that it was difficult to walk. I was so scared that I had rheumatoid arthritis. I saw my MD and she had me do blood work. My blood work came back fine. I was so happy-but still why the pain? My MD sent me to an orthopedic MD. He said I have flat feet and gave me shoe inserts. I did not use them they were uncomfortable and bulky. My husband suggested I get off the patch and see if that helps. I stopped the patch and the pain went away completely, Coincidence? "
"I wanted to say I had high hopes for this pill. I was on Alesse before Yaz. It was great at first but then Alesse started to make me depressed after 5 months. My doctor prescribed Yaz. Usually I&#039;m very cheerful and happy, especially these days when NOTHING IS WRONG. Day 1 on Yaz I started to have anxiety and panic attacks about every little thing. Day 2 I would cry for no reason and felt anxious all day, if I wasn&#039;t crying it was because I was distracting myself from the bad thoughts that kept creeping up on me. Day 3 I couldn&#039;t be alone without freaking out, just panic attacks. I can&#039;t function like this!!"
"I&#039;ve had my liletta for almost 3 months now and everything is great. The insertion process isn&#039;t pleasant but it was pretty quick. I&#039;d say a 4 or 5 on a scale from 1-10 and but just for a minute. I had a lot of cramping afterward for several days and I felt light headed after the procedure (eat something before, take 800 mg of ibuprofen &amp; stay hydrated!) 

I have had some irregular bleeding but it&#039;s been light &amp; infrequent. Definitely manageable. I love having birth control that I don&#039;t have to think about! The only negative side effect that I&#039;ve noticed is that my skin is more oily than before when I was on the pill."
"No side effects at first. On 7 day treatment 2 times a day. By day 5 I noticed I&#039;ve had severe insomnia, extremely dry nose, headachey, general feeling of being unwell. But infection felt cured so that&#039;s good. Don&#039;t swallow toothpaste like another reviewer suggested, just try to put way back in your mouth to swallow it fastest. Take with food! It&#039;s not good for people to swallow toothpaste 2 times a day. Stomach upset on day 5 as well. More like bad indigestion and always hungry even though I ate. But with only three pills left i&#039;m determined to finish treatment. If it doesn&#039;t work for you and you are trying to treat bv even pregnant ask of you can try the vaginal gel if you can&#039;t take the side effects of this med."
"I&#039;m 75 and have been taking high blood pressure medicine for about 7 years.  About 5 years ago I started to experience problems maintaining an erection during intercourse.  At that time I started taking Cialis (10 mg) and it worked for me right away.  However, about two years ago, I found that 10 mg was not enough for me to maintain an erection long enough to complete intercourse.  That is when I began to increase the dosage in 5 mg steps until I reached the point where I could feel its effects for a full 36 hours.  I am now at 25 mg and it is working fine. It&#039;s effect usually lasts 40 hours or so.  Erection is hard, like it was 50 years ago.  Sometimes a mild headache, but not bad enough to stop me from using Cialis."
"I was put on Desogen after continuous bleeding on Ortho Tri Lo. My practitioner thought I needed higher hormones. Desogen stopped all the spotting but it killed my sex drive. Even when I did have any sexual desire I didn&#039;t get the physical affects of arousal like lubrication. It made sex completely unfun even on the rare occasion that I wanted to do it at all. I gained weight while on it but I started it pretty young and I know weight gain is pretty common around that time."
"I&#039;ve taken this for motion sickness and it absolutely does help with preventing the nausea. When on Dramamine, I will occasionally get a hint of it - or maybe it&#039;s just the recognition that certain conditions should be making me sick. Either way, nothing close to what I would experience when I not medicating. The only critique I have to offer is the drowsiness. Desperately wishing to lay down and close my eyes, which can happen on Dramamine, is inconvenient if it&#039;s not the type of trip I want to sleep through."
"It has helped clear up my acne, but it also has given me annoying side effects.  Whenever I take it it always makes my stomach make really loud and embarrassing sounds.  It also gives me indigestion and nausea even if I take it with food.  Yet another side effect is that it makes me dizzy and lightheaded.  I&#039;ve also noticed that my skin is becoming really itchy and even more sensitive than it normally is.  I&#039;ve been on it for less than a week and it&#039;s great that my skin looks kind of decent again, but I don&#039;t think I can put up with the side effects anymore, especially the itching, dizziness, and indigestion.  Looks like I&#039;ll have to find something else to help with my moderate acne."
"I noticed that a side effect or roxicodone is body aches and pains.  The reason I am taking it is because of chronic, severe body aches and pains, especially in my lower back and legs.  Is the remedy causing the problem?  I guess I will never know because my insurance company will not pre-authorize an MRI."
"I have had immediate results with Vaniqa, reducing coarse hairs on my chin and all hair on upper lip. I also noticed a big reduction in whiteheads and ingrown hairs on my chin. Because I also have had moderate hair loss with thinning on my entire head, I reduced application to once every day. I still had hair coming out on brushing so now down to once every other day."
"Taken for two weeks and have back pain. Stopped taking medicine."
"I had gone through 2 doctors, and 2 different prescriptions before going to a third doctor and getting these drops, They worked great for me, however, I developed another infection in my other ear and so far these drops are doing nothing for the second infection. And as for the cost, I don&#039;t know about States... but in Canada it&#039;s around $60 without a plan and I got it for $7.47 with my plan."
"Dr is wants me to switch from percocet to metaxalone  for my herniated &amp; stenosis of cervical nerves. It doesn&#039;t help with the pain in
my neck or arms. It also makes me dizzy, headachy &amp; I get an upset stomach."
"I was Diagnosed with Hep C 2001 tried one treatment in 2003 which was not effective, ultimately costing Me a Liver Transplant in jan 2011. In 2015 they determined that the Hep C was affecting my new Liver scale wise of O-4, I was at 2. In Jan 2015 they put Me on the Harvoni regiment 12 weeks. As of June 2016 Blood work indicates no more Hep C Virus,  although there are preliminary signs of kidney issues they believe they are temporary.  I Definitely consider the Harvoni a success"
"I wanted this pill to work because I loved lessina for 7 years and then it stopped working for me.   Lutera was close to this pill.   It was horrible for me though.   Week 1 always dry....down there and mouth and eyes.  Week 2 extreme extreme bloating as if I drank a bottle of salt water which would last week 3 as well.....even my fingers and feet were severely swollen.    Some how my sex drive increased though which is the only reason I tried to give it 3 months and gave it 2 stars instead of 1 but the severe bloating, weight gain and high anxiety in the middle of my cycle were unbearable.   Searching for yet another pill :-("
"As we all know birth control has different effects on everyone. As for myself and the 2 other people I know who have taken this pill in the past, it has been nothing short of miserable for all 3 of us. I&#039;ve never related to others when they talk about mood swings during menstruation until I took this pill. Except now my mood swings can happen at any point and I constantly have anxiety. On top of this I am constantly nauseas, have random chest pain and I&#039;ve developed the worst acne I&#039;ve had in my entire life. It&#039;s a good day if I have one or less breakouts appear on my chin area.
As stated before, this pill has different effects on everyone but as for me I can honestly say it has impacted my life and not in a good way."
"This is the most horrible thing I&#039;ve ever tried to get down!! It works really well if you can actually bring yourself to swallow it. There has to be something that&#039;s not this horrific!"
"I had been on Zoloft (50mg/day) for depression for 8 years. Following a major chronic health condition, a medical specialist was concerned the Zoloft was no longer effective. Increasing to 100md/day was disastrous - head spins, dry dry mouth, vertigo - so a psychiatrist recommended Effexor. Initial 75mg/day then 150mg/day after a fortnight. Initially I was unable to orgasm but this lasted only about a month (same when I started Zoloft). Main concern is weird dreams most nights. The only thing I can tie this to is the Effexor. Have been researching online and it seems I&#039;m not the only one. What a relief to discover - I was becoming quite concerned (and irritated). But hey, I feel soooo much better that I can live with it. I&#039;m smiling again."
"I have been schedule to take this 500mg medication twice a day for 7 days. I was told to drink it with a full glass of water every time I took my dose and it has the worst taste ever. Since I have been on this medication I have not been able to function due to the side effects of headaches and dizziness. I get so sick that I had to take Tylenol and Aleve to relieve the horrible headaches I was getting. But overall score on this medication I would give it an 8."
"This is the biggest mistake I ever made, I have had the implant since Feb 2015 and I was bleeding for 6 months straight with no breaks, it was horrible! The doctors could not give the pill alongside as they said it was too dangerous! Now I am fighting for a doctors appointment in which I have to wait 3 weeks for it to be removed! Would not recommend anyone to get it done!"
"It cleared up my problem in just a few days, the only side effect I got was a headache but other than that I felt great! So Happy my Doctor gave it to me."
"It is amazing! I have tried the Pill and an IUD, both were horrible. I went to my midwife and asked her what are the best options, she recommended the Nexplanon. I was currently on my monthly cycle, which was fine. They cleaned my arm, numbed the area before insertion with a little of medication, then inserted the Nexplanon! VERY quick and easy, also no pain! I had a nasty bruise for 1 1/2 weeks, but that&#039;s all. I finished my cycle, had a week of no bleeding, then I had slight spotting for almost a month. Afterwards, no random bleeding, no fatigue, no depression, NO nasty side effects at all!! It has helped a lot with my painful cycles and lightened them up greatly. Overall, I would highly recommend this method of birth control."
"Went from inflammation in almost all my joints to nothing! Am symptom free, playing sports like I used to. Auto-injector is a piece of cake. Only hassles thing is that it must be refrigerated."
"10  years had daily heartburn. Tried every prescription and over the counter medicine with minimal relief. Continued to have daily breakthrough heartburn. Ended up eating tums like candy, then took Dexilant, 5 days later realized I hadnt taken any tums and not one episode of heartburn. This is an awesome new medication!"
"This is a miracle drug.  I am on week 3,  I have lost 12 pounds.  The side effects I am experiencing are dry mouth and a little fatigue.  Let me just say that I was a depressed drunk.  I drank every day.  The medicine contains Buproprian which treats depression and aids in smoking cessation. It also contains an opiate antagonist which blocks the effects of downers like alcohol.  I have tried drinking but I either don&#039;t want it or get no effect.  I used to zoom through three tall stiff screwdrivers. Additionally I have had the same pack of cigarettes for 4 days now.  I have my life back.  I look great and my family is so pleased.  Started working from day 1.  I love it."
"Taclonex Susp. has turned my life around! I primarily use it on my scalp and sometimes on the cuticles of my toes. I no longer look like a walking dandruff commercial. In the beginning, I did use it about 3-4 times in a row, at night. Then I&#039;d shampoo with a product that had salicylic acid in it. After about 6 months, I didn&#039;t need to use the Taclonex as often. It has become an &quot;as needed&quot; medication for me. When my scalp starts itching, it&#039;s time to start using the Taclonex Susp.

I did get a Zero Co-Pay card my derm and have not paid anything for this.

Do have psoriasis everywhere else."
"While I feel like every single person reacts differently to different birth controls, I&#039;d still like to show that for me in particular, Lo Loestrin Fe worked absolutely beautifully. The first few months were a little rough, as expected for a first time birth control user. The only hard part in these two months was that my periods were very heavy and longer than usual; about 7 days as opposed to the normal 4. After my &quot;transition months&quot; I&#039;ve completely stopped getting periods or any bleeding for the past 4 months now, and it has been great. I have no mood swings, acne, weight gain, headaches, nausea, etc. This being said, everyone reacts differently. Personally, I&#039;m in love with everything except for the price ($250/mo) which is why I have to switch."
"The base knuckle of my index finger has been sore for a year. XRAYs showed no arthritis so my doctor can&#039;t figure out what&#039;s wrong with my finger. I tried using the Voltaren Gel on it and it helps tremendously. The pain goes away, but unfortunately it comes back when I stop using the gel. I am so glad I found something to help with the pain, but I&#039;m disappointed that it&#039;s not permanent relief. I don&#039;t want to rely on medicine to treat pain - I wish it would just go away."
"This was the first pill my specialist me on for PCOS and EXTREMELY irregular cycles. A few days before I went in for him to see him I was spotting. While taking this pill, I have never stopped bleeding. The only time I stopped bleeding was when I was on the 2nd to last sugar pill of the 1st pack, and I started bleeding again a week after starting the active pills again. So obviously these pills weren&#039;t for me. Even after taking 2 a day for a week as told to do so by my doctor, hasn&#039;t COMPLETELY stopped the spotting. It&#039;s still very light. He&#039;s put me on Necon 1/50 now, and to take 2 pills as well for a week and to call him back to see if it helped. I hope this doesn&#039;t reek havoc on my body taking this much estrogen"
"I have suffered from irritable bowel syndrome-constipation for 16 years and I had tried just about everything on the market. I finally gave up and after a few years of having nothing my new doctor gave me Linzess. I was sure it would be like most of the others but it worked right away and has continued to work for 3 months. I love it. Thank you to the pharmaceutical company for this product. My bloating and bad cramps have gone away. I did have to change how I take it, it says to take 30 minutes before I eat but I take it after I have eaten some of my meal because it seems to work better. I will say that you must be near a bathroom when the urge to go hits because you can&#039;t hold off."
"I absolutely love Nexplanon! Ladies, at first I was super hesitant but I had to get off the Trinessa birth control because it caused me too much bloating and I was miserable 3 weeks out of the month. I was so excited to get the implant but the reviews I read freaked me out. The process was super easy and fast. The most uncomfortable part was the numbing process (it stung a bit). I didn&#039;t feel the implant insertion at all. There was bruising for about a week and it itched quite a bit but it went away after a week once it was fairly healed. As far as side effects, I felt a bit moody for about 2 weeks and I had a headache for a few days when I first got the implant. I&#039;ve had ZERO bleeding and NO weight gain."
"I have had constipation ALL my life and I&#039;m 50. I&#039;ve tried everything. And I mean everything. I&#039;ve had slow transit test which proved I have a sluggish gut.  The Doc recommended ducolax so I only take one and by the morning I&#039;m going. I&#039;m now taking then every third night. As that&#039;s the only thing what shifts it. I have no cramps no pains nothing. I&#039;ve been reading all these comments. Some I&#039;ve never had those experiences but I have never taken 3 or been recommended 3... So my advice would be one if you don&#039;t go take one next night. Also Doc recommended probiotics from health store AMAZING. Hope this helps guys.."
"I have limited experience with any other Blood Pressure medications but reading the comments I see the patterns I&#039;ve experienced on Bystolic (10mg before bed every night).  Intermittent restless sleep, occasional neck and shoulder pains, inconsistent blood pressure readings ranging from an ideal 120/80 to spikes around 160/100. Intermittent bouts of extreme fatigue. I think my problem might be either inconsistent dose effectiveness (i.e. some of my pills might not be as strong as they&#039;re supposed to be) or I need to be on smaller doses twice a day to even out the effects. I&#039;ll check with my doctor."
"As an adult with ADHD Concerta is the way to go. Focused and able to complete tasks. Although the lack of appetite and sleep come into play the time released 18mg work better for me then the 27mg...With 27 mgs I was tired and moody."
"I have been on this birth control for about 4 months and this is the best month in the four years I&#039;ve been on birth control. I have extremely HORRIBLE periods anything you think of has happened in my experiences with the several others, if your symptoms start out worse or don&#039;t clear right away try and stick it out so your body can get used to it.  Periods went from 14 days to 4 days...I&#039;m loving it!"
"So after my grandma passed away I started having those panic attacks. In class around people and I didn&#039;t want to go out. I was a fun outgoing person and suddenly I was someone else. I didn&#039;t like myself. I lost weight I hate looking in the mirror I didn&#039;t wanna fix myself or dress well. And so I had to see a psychiatrist and he told me to take Cipralex 10mg for 6months so I traveled to the States to see the family my life has changed a lot but I still fear being in crowded places or going out clubbing and sometimes I get those anxiety attacks. How can I get rid of them completely??"
"EVERYONES SKIN IS DIFFERENT.Don&#039;t do what I did and read these reviews. it will effect everyones skin differently. I have extremely sensitive skin and this product was great."
"I have to say I love Relpax. I sit under florescent lights and in front of a computer all day long and when I have a migraine I take Relpax and within 20 minutes the pain goes away. The only side effects I have are the pain in my jaws and throat and my arms get really heavy. But it&#039;s nothing compared to the pain I fell under these bright lights with a migraine. I don&#039;t think that this is an expensive medicine, with my insurance I pay less than 10 dollars for a box of 12 of them. I think I would think different if I didn&#039;t have insurance for sure but I would pay any amount of money for these little orange pills."
"I have just started this med.  I have a spinal cord stimulator and hate it.  I take Norco for constant pain with minimal relief.  I had no good relief from gabapentin but this time release sample has been amazing for the pain.  I have been at a #2 for 2 days in a row and I am very excited.  I called and found that Garlise IS covered under my Part D at 35 per month and 45 next year.  I am experiencing the customary side effects, hoping they will decrease with time.  Dry mouth, dizzy, headache on awakening and heavy feeling.  But the pain is SO much better!!  I will update as my experiences change and time passes.  I am very hopeful after years of Neuropathy."
"I am in my 40 and my face has fire up with acne. My dermatologist recommended epiduo and I am in my 4 week, I tell you...this purging is no joke. It gets everything out, but after doing my homework and researching I know it gets better. If you are starting in epiduo please don&#039;t use to much the itching and peeling will get you (believe me I know..ouch). I use a lot of moisturizing for the dryness and when the itching got too much I use organic honey every night on my face it help a lot. Also, use the epitracker taking your photo each day will cheer you up because you see progress."
"I went to fill my script which was for 30 pills 100mg and my insurance will not pay anything on it.  The pharmacy told me the cost was $1499.00 and I started laughing.  I told the guy to keep them and said my wife will have to try harder....  LOL"
"Felt compelled to share my experience after reading all the bad reviews. Everyone is different. Bottom line. I took the one day in the middle of the day right after I bought it. Laid down, felt ok. Got up and felt burning and itching. Was pretty intense. Used two wipes and the symptoms began to dissipate. Had a little leakage but was feeling ok by the evening. I have a little burning but nothing that is intolerable. About to get on a plane and happy that I took it. I think it&rsquo;s worth the try."
"Colazal completely rid me of all Crohn&#039;s symptoms after years of suffering. I&#039;m worried now, after 4-5 yrs symptom free I need a kidney transplant. Will I still be able to use it if I get a flare up?"
"This medicine began to work almost immediately. Mostly clear now except for a few spots. First time like this in 35 years. Only side effects have been bathroom visits are 2-3 a day now, loose stool. No Nausea or anything else."
"Copaxone is the best - no side effects."
"Xyrem actually worked! For the first time in my life, I felt like a normal person. Then, the migraines to beat all migraines began. I was awake but in so much pain and the only thing that helped at all was packing ice all around my head. I hoped the headaches would go away but, after a couple of weeks, I gave up. I didn&#039;t want to be awake with that much pain."
"This did not work at all. Not only did it not touch my severe menstrual cramps, but I experienced side effects from the drug - muscle weakness in my legs. My obgyn and I tried everything. Now, I take meloxicam every 24 hrs for first 1-3 days of period and take 2.5mg - 5mg hydrocodone acetaminophen on day 2 and 3 for breakthrough pain. It works very well."
"I just started taking this medication.  It works wonders.  I have been in chronic pain for over 3 years and needless to say, constant pain puts me in a terrible mood.  This medication not only relieves the pain in my joints, but also helps me psychologically.  I&#039;m not sure if it is the medicine or the fact that I am pain free for the first time in years."
"This medicine has allowed me to function as a &#039;normal&#039; productive person. With the proper use of this medicine others have no idea that I live with severe chronic, intractable facial pain. As with any medicine, I can&#039;t give it a 10 because I wish I didn&#039;t have to take it. There is always the hope for a cure."
"I took one of these tessalon perles for an upper respiratory infection and I thought I was going to die!  I started salivating like I was going to throw up but didn&#039;t and at the same time I felt like I was choking to death from deep down in my esophagus or chest area.  I don&#039;t know if my hiatal hernia has anything to do with this but I cannot ever take this medication again. I should have went to the ER but I didn&#039;t.  It lasted about 3 hours and finally went away on it&#039;s own."
"Unprotected intercourse April 29th, took the pill 4 hours later. Now it&#039;s more than a week past.  Definitely feeling preggo and like someone else. I know it was a huge dose of hormones and supposedly stops ovulation, but I ovulated then...I&#039;m testing this Saturday or Sunday (Mother&#039;s day..yikes) if my period doesn&#039;t come. Cramps and no discharge or anything.  I had dizziness start within hours of taking it. I haven&#039;t been depressed in a while--crying at the drop of a hat, my belly and chest feels a little more swollen/tender each day. Having trouble sleeping at night--hot flashes nightly, strange dreams the first two nights.The desire to eat much then nothing comes and goes. I&#039;m nauseated. Watch out!"
"MTX stopped my periods although hormonal test shows no onset of menopause (age 53). Blurry vision (garlands) for 30&#039; after intake (6 tablets). Sickness sometimes for up to 24 hours. Joint pain is increased for two to three days. Effect is moderate, must add Actemra. TNF inhibitors largely without effect."
"I rarely post online reviews, but I recognize that most people only post reviews when they don&#039;t like something, so I wanted to sort of offset that here.

I&#039;m in my mid-twenties and female.  I&#039;ve suffered with severe anxiety and depression for several years due to trauma.  Enter Celexa.  To be fair, I went to therapy for several months before deciding to go on medication (and was feeling a bit better), but I still experienced severe anxiety that the therapy wasn&#039;t helping.  I started feeling better after the first week on Celexa, and things have only improved from there.  I&#039;ve been taking it for around three months and my anxiety/depression is almost completely gone.  I&#039;ve had no sexual side effects whatsoever, no weight gain, no issues."
"I talked to my doctor about Belviq and got a prescription last week. So far I have lost 4 pounds and feel great. It&#039;s like I am suddenly motivated to lose weight. I think as the weight comes off exercising will become easier. I am tolerating the medication without side effects. I noticed no appetite for food and a boost in energy without the nervousness I felt with some of the over the counter products I used to take. I have told my friends and family about Belviq."
"Elavil has been used by Ortho surgeons for neck and back patients for over 40 years.  I believed then and now it is to relieve the pt from depressive symptoms while helping with relief of nerve pain, neuropathy, that which pain meds cannot.  I take it for post operative cervical disc/fusion that causes neuropathy."
"I was in bed, aches, chills, 102 fever, dizzy, all the good stuff that comes with the flu - just miserable.  I tested positive for the flu and took my first dose that evening.  Within a day and a half, I feel so much better.  I still have some symptoms, but I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m knocking at death&#039;s door.  "
"I just had 21 teeth pulled and immediate dentures (top and bottom) put in 48 hours ago. The pain and swelling is intense but it is reducing my swollen face quite well. I also had chronic knee pain prior to this and now my knees don%u2019t hurt. That, %u201Cwanting to snap%u201D feeling when I walk is no longer there. As far as side affects, if there was anything it is dry mouth. I drink tons of water. I%u2019d like some weight gain, ha ha. I can%u2019t eat like I used to. Thumbs up to this med if your given it for dental work."
"Was prescribed gabapentin for back pain but noticed very quickly that my night sweats and hot flashes greatly diminished after starting this medication. I also sleep better and don&#039;t wake up as often. This has been a blessing due to the fact that I am unable to take any medication normally prescribed for menopausal symptoms due to having thrombosis years ago. :)"
"I am 5&#039;1&quot; and weighed 192.2 when I saw the doctor. Exercise and dieting weren&#039;t helping me and he was concerned the weight may be the reason why my blood pressure is high and why my PCOS has been acting out. So he put me on Adipex-P and so far so good. I have lost 5 lbs in 10 days since starting the medication. I feel super energetic too."
"I am 19 years old, and I was on liquid Prozac for about 3 months. During the 3 months of Prozac, I found that I was more tired and unable to concentrate. I found that I was even more anxious when on this medicine, more depressed, and I gained a considerable amount of weight. Before Prozac I was 130lbs, then I was around 155lbs by the end of the 3 months. While on this, I had no energy, no motivation to move on with my life, or no desire to engage in social interaction. My sex drive had gone way down and I was not very interested in having sex. Now, I have been off the Prozac for about 6-7 months, and I am slightly more motivated, my sex drive has gone way up, but my weight is still the same."
"I got my first Implanon in April 2009, experienced bleeding for about a month straight but after that I was in the clear! I love not having to worry about taking a pill everyday and I&#039;d say its extremely effective since its the only form of contraception I use and I have not gotten pregnant after 3 years. I&#039;ve gained about 15 pounds over the 3 years, but think it&#039;s mostly because of college and poor choices, not my Implanon. I just got my new implant, and I&#039;m excited for another 3 years of worry free birth control!"
"Haven&rsquo;t even had it on for a full month, but it&rsquo;s not to bad. The first week I put it on my hip bone/ pelvic area. Had no problems other than very little cramping here and there. Although I do get moody some days, other days I&rsquo;m fine. It&rsquo;s hit and miss. So that kinda sucks for my bf cuz I feel bad for snapping at him. But The second week I put it on my butt right before bed. The next day I was EXTREMELY nauseous and got the worst migraine ever and even felt feverish. I moved it back to my hip, but on the opposite side as before and the symptoms went away after a few hours. Yay! I would recommend maybe staying away from meaty parts of the body. I think it might absorb it a lot more, is. But I&rsquo;ve heard from other moms that said the same thing"
"I had a horrible time with night terrors.  I&#039;m 30 years old, and it was embarrassing to say the least.  I get the odd night-mare, but NO night terrors! It also helps me to fall asleep faster.  I&#039;m on 2 mg a day."
"Life saver. I have Celiacs, colitis, and most likely irritable bowel syndrome.  Also had small bowel resection about two years ago now.  Diarrhea/cramping/nausea can get pretty bad at times.  Have been taking 1-2 twice a day and these issues completely go away for me in about an hour. My anxiety about going out and having an episode has decreased significantly because I know there is something that will help me. FINALLY.  This medication has also allowed me to get into running again.  AMAZING. AMAZING. AMAZING.  I feel many doctors are hesitant to prescribe this because of the benzodiazepine component, but the only side effect I seem to have is dry eyes and mouth.  Have tried every other antispasmodic, no luck.  So happy it&#039;s helping others."
"My little sister was diagnosed about 2 years ago with Narcolepsy, just recently, so was I. My doctor gave me a sample of Nuvigil for 4 weeks, and a prescription for Aderol. I took Nuvigil and I felt great! However, I took the medicine at about 5:30 am and could not turn my brain off or get to sleep until after 1:30 am. I then took half of the pill to maybe reduce the time it keeps me awake, but nothing happened at all. In reading some of the comments here, it sounds like maybe this medicine will wear off quicker in the future."
"Updated since my last report. I tried 1-20mg &amp; 1- 10mg; 4 hours later 1-20mg; 4 hours later 1-10mg. Been trying this for a couple weeks &amp; so far it is working fine, from the time I wake up till the time I hit the hay."
"I was rxed the ODT for extreme nausea and vomiting, due to a norovirus. The minty flavor really drove me over the edge, and only made matters worse. Then my doc gave me the regular tablets that you swallow with a tiny bit of water, but it didn&#039;t help at all, either. I remember being awed by the knowledge that they give this med to sick cancer patients, when it is so horribly ineffective. 
  Evidently, it does work like gangbusters for some people, but I&#039;m not one of them."
"I&#039;m really waiting for the other shoe to drop with this medicine, because for me it has thus far been thoroughly life saving. I had been in pain every minute of every day, with some days being completely overwhelmed by the pain. Now I feel like I can live again. I just noticed that increased suicide risk was a potential side effect of Lyrica, which might concern me as I&#039;ve suffered from major depressive disorder for &gt;25 years. But being on this medicine has raised my mood a great deal because I don&#039;t have chronic pain to deal with on top of my baseline mood disorder. It is so wonderful. I&#039;m waiting to hear that it causes something dreadful - because isn&#039;t that usually the case when something works so well."
"I take 5 milligrams as needed for school. I take it right before school, maybe around 6am, school starts around 7am. I&#039;ve noticed extremely dizziness, I get hot so easily, even more anxious, so much more depressed, so tired, terrible headaches, and excessive talking. I wake up in the morning to bump into every possible wall, my vision is completely blacked out. I can&#039;t walk for more than a mile, without feeling faint. I eat well and drink lots of water (due to a horrible experience with Vyvanse, in which i lost 20lbs) Not only that but falling asleep is killer. I&#039;ve never taken such a small dose, and have such poor results."
"After 3 weeks of being on this medication,  I can say it was the best thing I could have done for my marriage. I was starting to think I was asexual,  but nope. Nope I am not, it acts like lady viagra for me. I just had multiple orgasms with my husband 
It has also helped me control my weight and smoking,  but who cares in comparison to a dozen orgasms in 24 hours!"
"I am a 43 year old male. I have been  struggling with hip and lower back pain for about 5 years now. Been on NSAIDS for inflammation and pain. Don&#039;t really remember what a full night of rest feels like.  To be honest   I was scared to take Humira  until I done my own research. On 2-11-2015  I had my first shot of Humira.  I&#039;m thinking this sucker is going to really hurt. Took me about 5 minutes to get my nerve up. Oh well I pushed the button and the rest is history. OMG!!!!!!!!! Why did I wait so long.  To me the shot doesn&#039;t hurt but it does sting just a little. 2 days after the shot. No pain in hips and sleeping all night. I still have some tightness in my lower back when I wake up. So far its a miracle."
"I was prescribed this to help with my concussion that wasn&#039;t going away. It helped me sleep good throughout the night. The first few days i was extremely tired and had a hard time staying awake in school, but once your body gets used to it it works really good- it got rid of my headaches and made me less stressed"
"Okay so I used NV when I was a late teen with no complications whatsoever.  I&#039;m 32 year old now and just recently started back on it again after my c-section. This has been the worst birth control experience of my life. I&#039;ve used it for 3 weeks and ended up with horrible headaches, extreme cramping in my stomach for a week now non stop, feeling delusional and very irritable with no sex drive what so ever when before taking this I&#039;ve always had a very high sex drive.  I&#039;ve been breastfeeding and flow isn&#039;t all that good anymore, but worst of all, I have found myself so hard on myself and so depressed and its been beyond my control. Felt like I needed to seek help. After reading about side effects I have figured out where the problem was coming from. No more NV 4 me."
"The nerve pain became so unbearable that it forced me to take lyrica despite the bad reviews and long list of negative side effects. I was told by many that it worked a lot better that neurontin with less drastic negative effects. Well, it has eased my pain some, but the side effects have taken my life from me. I&#039;m dizzy at times, my head is always foggy and not clear thinking, I have depression, anger outbursts I&#039;ve never had before, daily nausea, and am so tired that I can sleep all day and night long and can barely function. Unfortunately the alternative medications have even worse negative side effects, so what are we supposed to do in order to have some normalcy?"
"I was put on Sutent (37.5 mg) after chemo failed to stabilize my liver metastasis. Sutent helped to shrink the tumors but the side effects were too many. I got blisters on my hands and feet, my hair turned grey, I had diarrhea and gas all day. Overall my quality of life was severely compromised and it was even hard for me to walk. Finally they changed my medicine to Afinitor which did a good job without any side effects."
"Gildess Fe 1.5/30 has been nothing but a positive experience for me. I started on 1/20 and had random spotting through the month, but when I bumped up to 1.5/30 it was fixed right away. I used to suffer from extreme emotional break downs during my period and such heavy bleeding that I literally could not leave the house for 3 days. With the first month of Gildess, my period was &quot;normal&quot; and now after 3 years of use I get very light periods for less than a day and little to no cramping and no other adverse side effects. I never gained weight, never struggled with acne, or had any other issues. The only reason I rate it 9/10 is because sometimes I feel like my sex drive is lower at times. Never got pregnant."
"I just want say this medication has been a complete life saver for me I went from having bad anxiety and just generally crappy attitude of always being upset and grumpy and ocd on other peoples character defects until i started taking this medication which at first was hard the first 2 -3 days were rough and than I decided to cut the 10mg pill in half and thats when I noticed my change I was just genuinely happy about just being alive and happy about starting my day things I would usually get upset and obsess about just roled off me like no big deal and I found now that I am able to carry on and have a regular great day so thank you so much to my doc and Lexapro for being a solution for now and maybe for my lifetime if need be"
"I have seriously tried to quit smoking for 10 of the 12 years I smoked.  No joke! I underwent laser. Twice, Nicoderm no less than 6 times, Nicoretter. Well forget those, support groups three times and tried cold turkey more times than Kodak has film.  Nothing can worked! I was frustrated, embarrassed and downright disgusted with myself! I am a person that believes I can do anything if I put my mind to it and yet I couldn&#039;t quit smoking.  
Then I tried Chantix.  Only because I&#039;d tried everything else and nothing worked. Well, when I experienced no cravings, I was impressed!  Well this was great. I only had to deal with the hands. I did more crafts over the next month than I had in years. BUT, I DID NOT SMOKE. 
Thank you Chantix."
"I have Cluster Migraines so the doctor put me on Topamax, after about 2 months I developed anxiety symptoms and a rather hateful personality so they added Buspar to take  the &quot;edge&quot; off. It has worked well for me but I can tell when it wears off. I&#039;m on a low dose so it just may be time to adjust( 5mg twice a day ). All in all very satisfied with this medicine. It does make you dream vividly but that doesn&#039;t bother me."
"I just got Paragard inserted today - was absolutely NOT terrible like everyone says. I will say I did a few things that may or may not have helped: I took Misoprostol vaginally (prescription from my doctor) to help soften my cervix 3-4 hours prior to my appointment, I had a 60-minute holistic massage 2 hours prior to my appointment (long story - didn&#039;t actually plan this due to my insertion or anything - just happened), and then I took 800mg of Ibuprofen an hour prior to my appointment. I definitely felt what was happening but it was NOT the pain level that everyone says - I&#039;d say a 3 or 4 out of 10 and just for about 20-30 seconds. Definitely worth it for 10 years of not having to worry about getting pregnant or having hormones in my body!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Adderall for 3 years and have experienced extreme nervousness, loss of appetite, trouble sleeping, dry mouth, dizziness etc. Adderall is not for all."
"I started a month ago and my viral load went from 2 million to being undetected already . This is truly a great drug . Have not had any major side effects . I have more energy now than I have had in over 20 years. This may not be advertised heavily like Harvoni but this works just as good if not better when you read all the side effects of Harvoni . Give it a shot I&#039;m surprised it has worked so fast ."
"Had tried several bp medications, started Tribenzor and in one day my blood pressure was at normal range. 105/75. I&#039;ve been on this for 8 months. Very little side effects most annoying would be fatigue. Give it time to work and  adjust to your system. Dosage can always be adjusted. I&#039;m a female, 63 yrs old. I might mention that it&#039;s kinda pricey, 75 dollars for 90 days and that&#039;s with insurance. If I use the coupon, it&#039;s still $25 copay a month."
"Neupro seems inappropriate for warm-hot climates, especially in high humidity. My experience in Sydney, Australia, is that I must replace patches 2-3 times/day. Frequently, I&#039;m unaware that the patch has fallen off so for a  large part of the day this medication is useless. Last year during a Pacific cruise, I used so many patches that doctors on board agreed that I&#039;d overdosed. Advice contained with the medication tells us not to &quot;store&quot; Neupro at temperatures exceeding 25 degrees centigrade nor leave it in a damp place. How is that possible when the outside temperature is around 40 degrees centigrade with high humidity?"
"Only downside - the dry mouth but I drink 8-10 glasses of water now."
"Was using Ocella for a year and gained 10 pounds. Switched to Yasmin, big difference losing weight and my hunger attacks stopped. Recommend it."
"The pill really works when you have the right dosage."
"I was prescribed this for a sore throat and mild cough after I found out I had Mono, and Walking Pneumonia. It didn&#039;t do a THING! I couldn&#039;t feel it at all, and it made my throat itch as it went down. Plus it&#039;s so icky tasting."
"I had been on the brand name Nuerontin for my complex partial seizure disorder, since 1994. When the generic came out, I began taking it. I began experiencing menopause symptoms within two months. I was 36 years old at that time. Three months ago my neurologist put me back on the name brand. My symptoms have diminished greatly, but not completely. I think my condition is unique in that I took this medication while still in child bearing age. When my age increased, something about the generic formulations bio-availability actually induced menopause symptoms. I also know that the name brand is working as evidenced by weight gain which can be brought back down with exercise. I had lost weight, sleep, memory and sanity while on the generic."
"Today marks a month and a week since I&#039;ve been on this pill.  I was on it before and had no problems so when I found out I had ovarian cysts my dr. Put me back on it.  My periods have been not as painful and I&#039;m pretty sure my cysts are gone. (Although I haven&#039;t had another ultrasound) but I have been nauseous every single damn day.  My breasts hurt and I always feel sick.  I&#039;m not sure the side effects outweigh the benefits.  I&#039;ll give it a couple more weeks to let my body adjust to the hormones and update,  but this is awful."
"Takes care of my chronic knee pain. Due to cancer, I am not a candidate for a replacement at this time, though I am need of them. Tramadol keeps me from suffering. I usually take 2 daily, prescription is for 4 daily. I up it to three if I have a day where I am very active. Everything has side effects and I can live with Tramadol. I like that I can drive and go to work while taking it."
"I want to share my experience with this drug because I truly believe it&#039;s of utter importance. 
 My first BC was Depo PROVERA. I bled right through this, and yes it&#039;s common for the first year, also lighter periods. But mine never went away, then brown bleeding. I was switched to the implant, for other reasons, and the same problem still occurred. Then I was put on BC pills to control the bleeding process. All in all, I was backing up my uterine wall with more blood every time I had a period. 
 Depo Lupron was injected on Jan 18 I bled out all my old blood in a week. I have not had a period or brown bleeding since. My last shot was given March 18. So far, 0 breakthrough bleeding. I love Depo Lupron"
"I have been living with anxiety for years and was prescribed escitalopram. I started with 5mg for a month and increased to 10mg. The side effects were not nice, particularly for about a month after I increased the dosage. I was nauseous, constantly tired but couldn&#039;t sleep, racing thoughts but foggy brain, increased anxiety and also not caring. But I have now been on 10mg for 2.5months and I feel great! I have confidence I never knew I had, everyday isn&#039;t a struggle, I don&#039;t overthink everything I say or do, my mind is so much clearer. Things feel effortless and everyone is saying how great I look. I found a combination of escitalopram and counselling has worked wonders for me. Stay with it, its totally worth it. I&#039;m glad I did :)"
"I&#039;ve been on Traodone since 2005 100mg at bedtime. I need to find something else!  I was also on Lyrica, Trazodone causes me to sleepwalk and I apparently go in the kitchen every night and &quot;graze&quot;! I have gained 45lbs and I am so frustrated!
I get maybe 3 hours sleep and by the time the weekend hits I so tired that I have no energy to do anything!"
"After back to back traumatic events in late 2015 I found myself struggling with PTSD, severe depression, panic attacks and anxiety. I was hesitate on starting this medication due to the side effects. I started off at 25 mg and gradually increased to 100mg. Initial side effects included loss of appetite, insomnia, increased anxiety and diaherra. It was a struggle to make it through the side effects but completely worth it! I noticed the full effect after 6 weeks and the side effects subsided after a month. I&#039;ve never felt so great and haven&#039;t had a panic attack in over two months. This medication along with cognitive therapy has helped and made my life 100% better. If you&#039;re reading this and hesitate about starting this medication, don&#039;t be."
"I have taken Paquenil for rheumatoid arthritis about 6 months now 200mg once a day. I cannot stress what a miracle this medicine has been for me. It was so good that some days I forgot I had rheumatoid arthritis altogether. No pains at all. The only drawback was that I was losing my hair and it became became very dry and brittle. Being a woman that scared me so I quit the medication only to have the pains come back again. I spoke to my doctor and he said try taking it 3 times a week instead of every day to see if it cuts down on the hair loss.  What good is a full head of hair if you are stuck in the house and in constant pain. I&#039;ll take loosing a few locks to be able to live my life pain free."
"I have had case of severe flu a few times before but this time I went straight to the doctor to to try Tamiflu.  While the flu usually made me miserable and feverish for 4 days and weak for a few days more, I felt pretty good after about a 1 1/2 days and was ready for work on the 3rd day.  I will always go for the Tamiflu in the future.  In my case, when my face feels flushed, I have a lack of appetite, ache in my neck and back and a slight fever, it is time to act.  You need to start Tamilfu as soon as you see the first signs.  It is great!"
"I took a single dose Diflucan a few days ago after developing an agonizing yeast infection, thanks to round of antibiotics, compiled with an allergic reaction to a product I had used called Yeastaway (never again!). Once the Diflucan kicked in- boy, did it work- it was like night and day. By the hour, the swelling, itching, and discharge was going down. I went from pure itching hell (tearing apart the freezer looking for something to ease the agony) the night before to a calm, restful night the following day. I&#039;ve never noticed any negative physical side effects.

My only frustration was that this took 2.5 solid days to start working... topical creams made me itch more, and I started to wonder if the Diflucan would ever work at all."
"Worth every penny. Cough was gone all day."
"I started Qsymia on December 1, 2015 and so far I am down 25 pounds. This medication has curbed my appetite immensely and has completely changed the way I look at food. Now I eat to live, I don&#039;t live to eat. I do have dry mouth and some occasional tingling in my feet, but nothing too bothersome. I also get some constipation, but I have GI issues from multiple auto-immune diseases, so that side effect kind of counteracts that in my favor. The only complaint is that my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it, so my current dosage runs about $130 per month; however, that a small price to pay to lose the weight. The weight loss is strictly the change in diet so far, as I really haven&#039;t gotten back to an exercise regimen yet."
"Taking the generic brand of Lamisil 
All 10  toes infected with toenail fungus more than 8yrs .
Some extremely thick others discolored and some even cracked 
1st month  discoloration was the first thing to Clear up also any athletes foot cleared up immediately
2nd month  The thickness in nails has started to disappear
3rd month  have noticed the bottom half of the nails have come in clear on a few of the nails  
 Note dr. recommended after showering to clean out the bottom of the toenails  then let them dry fully then file them down slightly  this has really improved the look of my toenails 
My insurance  covered the cost of the generic brand which is less than five dollars a month"
"I decided to visit a psychiatrist for the first time 2 weeks ago because I have been dealing with anxiety and mild depression for almost 2 years. He prescribed me sertraline 50mg. I didn&#039;t start until a week later because I was scared (anxiety) about taking medicine for the first time and the possible consequences so I kept reading about it especially in this site. So after taking the medication for a week (first 5 days I only took half a pill per day) I can only say that it&#039;s been a positive experience. My anxiety is almost gone and I feel much happier and calmed. I can study and work without feeling anxious and fearful or depressed feeling sad.Cons: thirsty all the time; dry mouth. During the first 5 days only I felt sleepy and a little bit numb."
"I wanted to get on here to write my review, because these reviews are what helped me make the decision to go with Cialis. 28 years old with erectile dysfunction, and I must say ...Wow!. I love this medicine. I have tried Viagra. It works; however, it just didn&#039;t make me feel right. I got 20mg of Cialis, and split them in half. It works for 36 hours, easy. Expensive, but well worth it. It has given me my confidence back. 

Everyone is different, but it is absolutely worth a try. I have more sex now than I have ever had. My wife certainly appreciates it. 

Oh, and 3 pills cost me about $100 (split them in half and you have 6). The cost will vary with everyone, but that is a general ball park for me."
"The worst birth control option available. I had Nexplanon in my arm for six month, and those six months were a nightmare. I suffered terrible anxiety. I also started having problems with lactose temporarily and questioned if I was lactose intolerant. I would randomly cry when I was alone. It sparked adult acne. I had trouble breathing sometimes. Honestly, it was just a horrible, confusing experience. Sure, it is effective in the sense that it prevents pregnancy, but there are better options than Nexplanon."
"When used for colds, Actifed works well for drying up post nasal drip that causes near constant coughing, especially at night.  It does cause drowsiness but not a problem for night time use.   I can get a nearly full night of rest.  However, with subsequent use on following nights, Actifed&#039;s effectiveness lasts only half as long."
"The medicine did exactly what it was supposed to do--erased my pain when I had a wisdom tooth extraction. There were side effects, but they were minimal. The medicine made me itchy, somewhat numb, and a little bit sleepy, but it was nothing that could not be dealt with easily."
"This has worked very well for me for both chronic headaches and migraines.  Never had a single side effect. I get injections about 2-4 times a year, when needed."
"Great product. Works great for the pain and better than any other patches."
"I&#039;ve been taking Azurette 28&#039;s since August 7th 2016 and have been experiencing cramps since the 2nd or 3rd day. They go from being mild with little irritation to being severe. I&#039;m having mood swings as well. I&#039;ve even noticed that I have gained weight. I had a bad migraine headache over the weekend, i felt so terrible I was throwing up and I couldn&#039;t lay down because my entire skull felt like it was shattering into a million little pieces. I almost had my husband take me to the emergency room. I was on Lutera a few years ago and I didn&#039;t experience any of these symptoms. I&#039;m going to ask my doctor to switch me to that. I would never recommend Azurette to anyone. I only wanted to regain control over my periods otherwise I wouldn&#039;t be on bc."
"My doctor noticed that the other medication that I was on was not working well and had me start Brintellix (10 mg per day) from samples he had. There was a direct transition from the other medicine to this one - no tapering off or anything like that. After just a few days, the medicine and I apparently agreed that it would work for me. The side effects that I have are mild headache and sometimes loose stool - to be polite. I&#039;m excited about this one. Big differences in a short time."
"Using the (Storebrand) of shampoo with 1%s selenium sulfide. every nite, apply to affected areas with scrubber spongy thing - leave on for 10 minutes. rinse well. within 2 days spots were 50% gone, within 4 days - all gone. completely! Just as precaution, continued this procedure every nite before bed for 12 days straight. Simply amazing - completely gone! another thing to do: after rinsing areas, let them air dry. do not pat dry."
"I love this birth control! I&#039;ve been using it for 13 months now and it is amazing, I have always been horrible with remembering pills and I didn&#039;t want the implant, also I needed my period regulated. This does all of those things. I have not tried taking condoms out of my sexual experiences since I am only 18 and I do not want to risk ANYTHING, but I would definitely recommend this form of birth control to a teenager, or someone who forgets pills and wants something painless."
"I am 21 years old and have always been morbidly overweight. I was diagnosed with PCOS 2 months ago when I was 3 weeks late With a negative pregnancy test. I have the normal signs of acne, overweight, hair on my face, and I now take 1500 MG of metformin everyday. I do not have a gall bladder so the diarrhea does not bother me, but the nausea is dreadful. I will be so hungry to the point of starving and when I try to eat I&#039;m so sick to my stomach I can&#039;t touch food. I also have had a headache everyday for the last 3 weeks. I have absolutely no sex drive and my self esteem is shot. Feeling very depressed lately...do not know if the metformin is affecting me differently because of my bipolar disorder, but I cannot feel like this forever."
"I was given propofol yesterday for upper endoscopy. I am a extremely anxious person and am terrified of medical procedures. This drug was amazing and I had no issues had a great experience. This drug wore off extremely quickly. No side effects. Don&#039;t let your anxiety get in the way of your life! It will wreck you!"
"Paragard was the first BC ever used at 27yrs old, after my second child. The first 3-6 months were horrible heavy periods but they adjusted to heavy bleeding the first 2 days of my period... 
Everything was going great until 2 yrs later, now 29 out of no where I started feeling heart palpitations, trouble breathing, sweating. I figured it was high blood pressure and scheduled an appointment right away. I&#039;m perfectly healthy but was asked to get lab work done and also asked about my birth control....Doctor told me that IUD&#039;s cause heart palpitations. 
Lab work came back with mild Anemia, so now I&#039;m really bummed out because I no longer feel safe with these BC options, but also after doing some research, heart palpitations may persist after removal."
"I had a terrible experience on this drug. It resulted in me having regular panic attacks, heart palpitations, caused me to become trapped in negative state and paranoid. I&#039;m not one who reviews meds very often but this medication proved to be very dangerous for me. I spent a lot of time in a state of paranoia. My Dr did not listen to me when I kept stating it wasn&#039;t right for me. In the end I reduced my dose ( I don&#039;t condone this though ) and have been off it for around 4 months now. I can honestly say I&#039;m doing much better , able to function, don&#039;t stay on states of paranoia etc. I&#039;m also able to make clear choices etc."
"I have suffered from IBS for several years now, and it is ruining my life. I have tried countless medicines to treat the symptoms, tried diet modifications, everything imaginable. I&#039;m only 22 years old and it breaks my heart to know that my quality of life is so affected by this, and that there IS a cure for me, ZELNORM...but I can&#039;t have it! The 1/2 year that I was on Zelnorm was the best year of my life. I had energy, felt good enough to get out of the house and participate in life. There is nothing that works like Zelnorm and I wish someone could bring it back, or at least give all of us sufferers some answers. Walk a mile in our shoes."
"I took this prep to the T. And did not do the job. The two ducolax I took the evening before had more of an effect on me than this prep. 
I am miserable right now because I have two more days of agony, thanks prepopik"
"I have been a type one diabetic for 21 years.  I&#039;m 30 and have trouble getting and keeping an erection.  This medication is working well in making me confident and able to preform. 10 mg does the job."
"I was diagnosed with Crohns Disease a while ago and was hurting non stop. I lost over 15 pounds in 2 weeks. After about 4 months of being on Cimzia I don&#039;t even worry about my stomach. Maintain a good diet, take your vitamins, and drink plenty of water. Cimzia seems like a miracle drug."
"Waste of time!!! Was on this pill for a month religiously... Still got pregnant!! Doesn&#039;t do what indicates DONT USE THIS!!"
"The only medicine on the market that truly worked for me.  I suffered a gunshot wound to the head that penetrated through the brain and hit the spinal cord. Lyrica is the only medicine that controls the pain to a near 0/10. Unbelievable medicine for nerve pain without all the horrible side effects of Neurontin."
"I have brain tumors and Fioricet works wonders. It makes the pain go away in about an hour. I couldn&#039;t live without this wonder drug."
"Took 10mg samples in the AM, nausea and dizziness big problem 3rd and 4th day. Stopped for 2 days. Then took 1/2 pill in the evening around 8PM. A little nausea, sleep was affected but adjusting. But I believe it is what I need. I left the house 3 times on the weekend, answered my phone, went into 6 stores and most important, while home didn&#039;t lay in bed."
"Compared to the positive effects, a couple/small negatives not worth mentioning. I was close to killing myself. I&#039;d a sub-total colectomy and the nurse gave me a nerve entrapment. Such pain, gas pain and explosive pooping. MSContin &amp; MSIR almost eliminated the pain and controlled my bowel wonderfully. "
"Not perfect but pretty close. Switched from Paxil(no emotions)-&gt; Wellbutrin(aka severe anorexia)-&gt;Effexor. Basically all medications were pretty decent at anxiety coverage. I found Paxil to be the best without thinking of anything but anxiety attacks. Wellbutrin to be the least effective. Effexor was somewhere in the middle while still letting me enjoy life with an occasional anxiety attack. Since I&#039;ve been on Effexor I&#039;ve had maybe 3-4 small anxiety attacks in the span of 2-3 years."
"Had to take it in conjunction with Seroquel for it to work. Currently on 1g of Depakote ER per day and 50mg of Seroquel per night. With the two mood stabilizers, I am able to take 20mg of Dexedrine ER for my ADHD to focus on work/school without spinning myself into a hypomanic episode. Keep experimenting, until you find what works. I know it can be discouraging, but you&#039;ll get there eventually."
"I&#039;ve been using flecainide for 2 years.  I was having a-fib and couldn&#039;t sleep through the night.  Daytime was not as pronounced, but still there.  Since starting flecainide the only episode I&#039;ve had was once when I greatly overexerted myself.  Other than that, not once."
"This helped me a lot. "
"Had propofol last year for an upper GI, woke up screaming crying but didn&#039;t feel terrible. However, a few days later I had gastrointestinal issues like never before and anxiety, panic, and what felt like I was having a heart attack. This happened twice and I went to two different ERs. Just anxiety. Just had a D&amp;C yesterday and they used Versed, propofol, and fentanyl. Felt worse coming out of this due to it being heavier sleep but was &quot;off&quot; the rest of the day and this morning. Today I felt pretty good but started getting the anxiety panic chest thing again. I think it&#039;s the propofol that has some sort of side effect. Feels like a lighter version of last year. Scary stuff. I hope it doesn&#039;t continue!"
"I&#039;ve been a Type I diabetic for 14 years and just recently (within the past month) made the switch from Lantus to Tresiba. I have had constant headaches in the afternoons since switching and today is the second time the pen has just stopped working. I will be partially through the injection when the pen stops dispersing the insulin - you can press on the plunger but nothing comes out and the numbers do not go down. Not having insulin when your life depends on it is the scariest feeling in the world."
"Background info: I&#039;ve suffered with Rosacea (subtype 2) mildly for 3 years, but this time last year it got much worse. I had red papules on one cheek which spread across my face. I was prescribed metronidazole gel which may have helped a little, but it was still really bad. I then tried azelaic acid, which didn&#039;t work. Then I read about ivermectin (Soolantra) online, and requested it from my GP (in the UK). They agreed to prescribe it.
Results: To say I&#039;m happy with the cream is an understatement. The papules are gone! My pores are still larger than before I had Rosacea, and I have a little bit of redness, but I can deal with those by using makeup. I&#039;m just so please the bumps have gone. I would definitely recommend this cream!"
"I am currently on a number of medications (Effexor, Lexapro, Klonopin, Clomipramine) for my obsessive compulsive disorder and my psychiatrist recently added Abilify.  I feel like a cloud has been lifted.  While I still have OCD thoughts, they no longer &quot;stick&quot; in my brain.  They just seem to easily flow in and out.  I feel like it is my miracle pill.

I feel like this , at 2 mg, has given me the ability to prevent my OCD from controlling me."
"Prescribed Advair Diskus (250/50) twice a day. My blood pressure was 130/80 when I started medicine, which is about the highest if has ever been. I was not suppose to go back to the doctor for 30 days. But luckily last night I had my blood pressure checked, it was 151/98-I was shocked! I have only been on the medicine 15 days. Advair probably helped me through my upper respiratory problems, but I think I should have been warned about this side effect."
"I have been taking Loestrin for over 2 years now. I started taking when I was 18 because my periods made me miserable! Cramps for days, heavy bleeding, and it lasted longer than 7 days or sometimes my period didn&#039;t come at all. Another reason is I have had the same sexual partner for 4 years, and we have unprotected sex often. I have read a lot of the reviews and I can agree the first month was terrible, I hated it. But I gave it a chance and LOVE it. My periods are now maybe 2 days if I get one at all and very light. I have had no side effects!"
"Trazodone has taken away my fibromyalgia almost entirely.  I started at 50 mg/night and gradually over the 12 years got up to 150 mg.

My one problem with it had been an addictive appetite for sugar, which has now gone away completely by taking Pristiq as my anti-depressant! When I cut the dose in half, I got terrible fibromyalgia back. It also greatly helps my sleep."
"I&#039;ve had excessive sweating in my arm pits since middle school. I was always the girl who couldn&#039;t wear long sleeves or T-shirts. I&#039;d even sweat in tank top during winter! So horrible and so embarrassing! I am 21 now and over a year ago my doctor prescribed Drysol and it has worked miracles for me. I can wear anything I want and in any color because I don&#039;t even have one drop of sweat. I&#039;m so thankful and I hope that anyone with excessive sweating can hear about Drysol sooner than later for the same help!"
"Turns out im in that small percentage of people that is allergic to nystatin. I would reccomend applying to a small part of your skin first to see if you are allergic! I never ever want to go through that amount of pain again!"
"This is the only OTC treatment I use for yeast infections. I usually buy the Equate brand from Walmart. I have not experienced any side effects."
"I had been on Diltiazem CR (controlled release) 240mg per day, took it every morning faithfully. I am now in Spain where they do not have the controlled release but gave me Diltiazem regular release 60mg. The first day I took all four at once in the morning and it dragged me down so far I about collapsed. Now, I&#039;m trying to regulate it, taking one 60mg in the morning, then one at noon, then one about 4pm, then one about 8pm.

I have heard that some blood pressure medicines shouldn&#039;t be taken before one goes to bed. Does anyone know about this one?"
"I&#039;ve been using this gel for probably about 2 or 3 years now. I started getting acne in around 6th grade where as I didn&#039;t start my period until 9th grade. I&#039;ve never had SEVERE acne, there&#039;s just always been at least a couple zits on my face for as long as I can remember. I had no significant peeling or dryness when I started using differin, and I also had no immediate results. Slowly over time, however, my acne is becoming less severe and less often. Maybe it&#039;s because of the differin, maybe it&#039;s because I&#039;m growing out of it. I did stop using it last summer as a test and my skin got worse and worse for the entire month I stopped using it and it took a solid 3-4 months after I started using it again for my skin to return back to normal."
"Worked very well. By the second-third pill it was feeling better. But Doctor gave me the DS 2x a day and I think its a bit much. By 4th day I felt really horrible. Tired, foggy headed, and lethargic towards the evening. Not going to take anymore pills. Did clear up the issue tho!"
"I have been only taking Lexapro 10mg for less than a week....The first couple of days I felt great but now I am starting to feel some side effects. It is making me zone out and feel &quot;blah&quot; and very tired. My doctor assured me that I may feel this way for a month or so then it should ease off. I am hoping so but it has helped with my depression and anxiety."
"This is the only medicine that gave me relief from migraines.  I&#039;ve taken Imitrex, Toradol and Tylenol, nothing works for me accept Fioricet! It prevented me from going to ER visits for my migraines."
"I took Abilify for a few months and then my doctor took me off of it because I gained 50 pounds. As soon as I stopped taking it- the weight just melted off."
"I have been taking Savella for about 4 weeks, 2 weeks at 50mg morning and night and have been having lots of side effects, almost flu like symptoms. Weakness, shakes, lightheadedness, cold, then hot. I have been reading lots of reviews, because I didn&#039;t think it could be this medicine, but I guess it can be. I work graveyards and I think I might try 50 mg in the morning and 25 mg at night and go from there. I was on Lyrica for 9 yrs and it was so expensive and the Savella is half the copay Lyrica was. I&#039;m not ready to give up on it yet, but I am so hot all the time, but the weight gain from Lyrica was the reason I decided to try Savella since my insurance will cover now. I&#039;m hoping for the best. Good Luck."
"My insurance switched me over to Xulane from Ortho Evra and at first it was going really well. I am now 4 months in and it&#039;s terrible. I have the worst mood swings, low libido, I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds and I get a rash around the application area. I have a outline of the patch on my hip that has been there for 3 months.... I would not recommend this to anyone. While it does it&#039;s job, keeping me not pregnant, the side effects aren&#039;t worth it. Back to the pill I guess..."
"I suffered from depression for 4 years and started taking Citalopram 6 months back. I&#039;ve never felt better. I could finally rid myself of the voices in my head and feel positive about my myself and people around me. This has improved my relationship with my husband greatly.

Side effects: I started clenching my jaw while sleeping and used to wake up with a jaw ache. It continued for about 3 months but luckily has gone away.

The more serious side effect is the dip in sex drive. It has gone away completely and I don&#039;t feel ANYTIHNG. I can&#039;t reach orgasm, don&#039;t get wet and don&#039;t get aroused at all. I am hoping it will come back after I stop taking it.

Overall I am very happy with the medicine for turning my life around."
"I have been suffering major depression for over 10 years and Zoloft took the edge off but I was still extremely depressed. I had mood swings and disorganized thinking, speech problems by being unable to articulate what I mean, paranoia and so forth.
I was originally diagnosed with bipolar disorder but the diagnoses didn&#039;t fit. I also was diagnosed with Aspergers. I took a personality and general mental health test by a professional psychologist and the results were tallied by a computer. I have schizoaffective disorder.
I showed my results to my psychiatrist and she&#039;s prescribed invega. My depression is gone, I laugh and tell jokes, I can think clearly now and my relationship with my husband has never been better. Thank you!"
"I like it."
"Long story short, I am terrified of medication , the first time I took Ativan I had already got myself all worked up about having to take it that when I did I went into full blown panic attack. It was not because of this med , it was my own doing. The second and third time I took it, it worked well . Allowed me to get through the entire day like myself again. Even took the depression away that I have caused from anxiety . I have only taken it 3 times in the last month since was prescribed it . Since I&#039;ve read how addicting this can be I have been very careful about taking it only when I really need it."
"I have been suffering from endometriosis since I was 12. Unbelievable pain, heavy bleeding, vomiting, the works. Most of the time, I could barely walk during my menstrual sycle. My old ob doc recommended this medicine when I was 18 and she gave me a sample. It relieved my cramping so much and helped with my other symptoms. The only downside to this medication is that it is very expensive and most insurance companies only approve the generic, which I cannot take."
"I&#039;m 21 years old and have been on every acne medication under the sun. 6 years ago I went on Accutane for 3 months and it worked wonders. Completely clear and amazing skin. Being a teenager and going on Accutane meant that there was a good chance my acne would come back - well, it did (about a year ago). Not terribly, but enough to really bother me. My lovely dermatologist put me on doxycycline and it is fantastic! I&#039;ve seen an improvement within 3 days of use. Take it with food and you will not get sick! I&#039;m not talking about a small snack - take it with a substantial meal! I know that everyone is different, but if you want clear skin than you need to stick it out -- Don&#039;t get discouraged!"
"Constipation is my number one problem. I drink 8oz of prune juice every other day and the problem is 100% solved."
"I was diagnosed with breast cancer (stage 2) - underwent 6 months of chemo and 6 weeks radiation.  My hair regrowth was pretty quick but began thinning significantly after about a year of Tamoxifen usage (could see my scalp pretty clearly in the front and on top of my head).  My doctor switched me to Femara about 2 months ago - side effects include lots of hot flashes (about 6-10 daily) and weight gain which I am combating by working out everyday and cutting my calories. I am prayerful that I don&#039;t experience anymore hair loss or the joint pain that I keep reading about. Everyone hang in there!"
"As part of my pre-op, I was instructed to use from neck to toes, avoiding mucous membranes &amp; genital area.  Three hours later my nose began to really itch.  Have seasonal allergies so didn&#039;t think too much about it. Through pre- op the itching got worse.  When I came out of surgery itching was much worse &amp; upper lip swollen. By the time I got home, itching, swelling worse and everywhere I had used the chlorhexidine wash was red and felt like I had a bad sunburn.  Took Benadryl which reduced symptoms. Had to take it for 3 days to stop symptoms from coming back. "
"I&#039;m been on Seroquel since been diagnosed (now 18 months). Started taking 50g but now I&#039;m on 100g. I&#039;ve got to the point on this medication that the side effects are too much. Constantly tired. Feel very vague. My memory is terrible. I&#039;m starting to forget about things I&#039;ve already done. Still very paranoid. Also I&#039;m still having panic attacks. So for me, it&#039;s time to move on and try something new (Olanzapine)."
"Have been on this for over a month and each increase by my doctor provides no relief whatsoever. The last increase has resulted in severe dizziness, light-headedness, memory loss and forgetfulness, fatigue, racing thoughts during sleep, inability to sleep more than a few hours, and most importantly, no effect on the severe pain from postherpetic neuralgia.  I will not be accepting another increase from the doctor, the side effects are intolerable, not to mention the side effects of weaning off this ineffective drug that I have yet to suffer."
"Have used Chlor-Trimeton for many years, 4 mg twice a day, to control allergic reactions to pollen.  After trying all other OTC antihistamines, Chlor-Trimeton does the job best, and it&#039;s a single-ingredient medicine (not a combination of unnecessary ingredients)."
"I have suffered with migraines from the age of 13. I used to get them as often as once a week lasting anywhere from three to five days. I have tried so many other medications to attempt to prevent my monster migraines but nothing worked. Been to chiropractors and tried massage therapy.  Countless visits to the ER and walk in clinics for injections of Demerol and Phenergan. Then I began seeing this new neurologist and he started me on Trokendi XR. I have been on it for 3 months and only experienced just one migraine which was my fault, I ate too much chocolate during the holidays, other than that Finally relief! For me Trokendi XR has been an answered prayer. Have not noticed any major side effects yet I take it at night, a little drowsiness."
"I&#039;ve been getting Kenalog shots for my alopecia once a month for five months now....Very little hair regrowth, the hair that has grown back is grey now, and the alopecia continues to spread.  I&#039;ve lost 40% of my beard over the past few months and nothing is helping, including Kenalog."
"I have been using this for a year while regularly having sex and never got pregnant. I think this is a great pill, it worked wonders for my sex drive as well.  However, it does cause me to spot the week before my period most months and not all cramping is gone.  Emotionally it has not affected me at all!"
"Had to quit taking this BC. 
Horrible mood swings, huge painful breasts and nipples, yeast infection non stop,  low libido, UTI, can&#039;t sleep, headaches, gained 10 lbs. 
just awful."
"Pros: Don&#039;t have to remember to take this and it doesn&#039;t make me feel like crap.
Cons: I AM UNCONTROLLABLE! The anxiety is terrible and I&#039;m CONSTANTLY angry, always unintentionally and it sucks. It&#039;s ruining me.

I was really sick for the better part of the year, so when I went in to find a fix, this is one of the things I was offered. I read the negative reviews and chose to ignore them and I was happy I did. I have just about NO cramping every month and I don&#039;t spend two days in bed feeling awful. I want to stick with this, but I don&#039;t want it to kill me and I&#039;ve been so hostile over such stupid little things and I&#039;m starting to wonder if this is worth the trouble."
"I have been taking Monodox now for 2 weeks and have seen amazing results. While it&#039;s not completely clear yet I have seen fast results the first week my face was really dried out but after a while it got better. I do feel sick to my stomach when I take it though, especially in the morning so I take it around noon and I have to eat something. But the results are worth it. The dermatologist also prescribed me with a morning cream called Benzaclin and a night cream Atralin. I believe together the creams and medicine are clearing my skin. After having it since I was 13 it would be nice to have clear skin."
"What can I say, dx with mild ADD too (who isn&#039;t anymore)  But this taken with Effexor XR has helped very much with apathy, motivation, energy and enjoyment of life!  Dr.&#039;s reluctantly Rx this bc it is Schedule 2 substance and is mostly Rx&#039;d for ADD/ADHD but it has a profound effect in boosting the effects of an antidepressant.  Taken alone for depression?  Not really a good idea bc it wears off fast.  I take 20-30 mg a day (TID)"
"I had been using my fast acting inhaler up to 4 times daily, that is before I started using Symbicort.  Shortly after using Symbicort for the first time, I noticed the pain in my chest was finally gone.  No more painful inflammation in my lungs.  I&#039;m no longer producing that crappy mucus, and I have not had an asthma attack in the 6 months that I have been using Symbicort.  The only real side effect I have experienced was the sensation of my own heartbeat when using it for the first time, and sometimes I get a head rush when I take it.  Other than that, I&#039;m happy to have my life back. I can finally go to bed knowing I can sleep through the night without the fear of waking to an attack.  I love this stuff."
"After going through hell using anti depressants I finally went to a specialist for anxiety. She did a DNA test to see what drugs would best work for me. I take one Clonazepam along with a Gabapentin in the am and then a second Gabapentin in the afternoon. It truly has been a life saver for me when nothing else worked for PSTD/anxiety. No side effects whatsoever. Be very careful with alcohol. Instead of three beers make it one."
"Veramyst is more effective and has less side effects than anything else I&#039;ve ever tried for allergic rhinitis."
"I woke up this past Thursday with food poisoning.  I was going to the doctor for some MRI results and told him that someone had given me leftover food from a picnic and there were a lot of mushrooms!  More than one type too.  I had vomiting and nausea so he gave me a shot of Zofran.  I started to feel less nauseas immediately after the injection.  I bought gatorade on the advise of the doctor.  Then I slept quite a few hours.  By Friday I was feeling 90% better.  I did some research and found out I had all the symptoms of salmonella mushroom poisoning."
"Began having thyroid issues years ago which in turn caused a progressive weight gain.  I do not have heart problems, diabetes (showing some tendencies) or any severe diseases but have become very obese.  My endocrinologist suggested Belviq as a way to help me lose weight and regain some energy &amp; mobility and to prevent any development of full blown diabetes.  I began back in November and as of yesterday I have lost 19 pounds - this was through Thanksgiving &amp; Christmas.  The first two weeks I experienced some dizziness but it was mild.  I also have experienced &quot;very active&quot; dreams nightly but not enough to prevent rest.  The weight loss has been wonderful and my clothes are fitting more comfortably.  It has been an answer to prayer!"
"I started on 20 mg of Latuda for bipolar and anxiety disorder. I felt the same as I always do during the first week of starting latuda. Then I upped it to 40 mg a week later and about an hour later I felt super tired , dizzy , confused , slow heart beat , and UN aware of what was going on around me. And to make it all worse I had trouble sleeping. But I felt so weak like I needed to sleep but couldn&#039;t. I&#039;m unsure whether I should continue or discontinue it. Overall rating on this drug would be a 5. Those were terrible side effects and they hit me hard."
"The medication itself works well enough, but my main issue with this medication is that the price keeps going up. I am using the savings program and they keep lowering the amount the plan covers. When I started this medication I only paid around $50 a month. Now after a few months I am paying over $90 a month. It&#039;s ridiculous they keep lowering the amount their &quot;savings&quot; plan covers. For this reason I will be switching to something else. I have several friends &amp; acquaintances that also use Contrave (some at my recommendation) and their costs also went drastically up. Almost all of them will be consulting their doctors to get on something else. It&#039;s not worth to start taking something only to have the costs skyrocket to make more money."
"My daughter is 8 years old now. She has suffered from bed wetting for the past 2 years. We have tried everything under the sun to help with the problem. She was so embarrassed when she would go to sleep-overs and had to wear a &quot;pull-up&quot;. I felt awful for her. I took her to the doctor and he referred her to a urologist soon after. Her urologist put her on DDAVP almost 3 weeks ago.  She takes 0.2 DDAVP every night about an hour before she goes to bed.  We have been dry every since, except the first night of taking the DDAVP. I believe this medicine is a God send. My daughter is so happy, she is no longer embarrassed about wetting. We went yesterday for a follow up with the Doctor, and everything is going great."
"Hi all, I just wanted to share my experience with the copper IUD insertion procedure as I know many women (myself included) are very anxious and turned off by the procedure. The actual insertion did not hurt at all, there was cramping that hurt when she measures my cervix which was painful but lasted all of 10 seconds. The whole procedure took 5 minutes or less! I would highly recommend getting someone to drive you to the doctors/hospital as I felt very faint and dizzy afterwards and thought I qas going to vomit, I&#039;ve had it in 12hrs now and the cramping was severe afterwards (heat pack and naprogesic work a treat!) but it&#039;s worn now, I&#039;ve also been spotting too but the doctor said it should go in a couple of days. Hope this helps!"
"Mirena keeps me mostly off period (no bleeding), my BMI fine and my abs fit. Most of the user feedback I have heard on private clinic are recommending the product highly. 

The side effects outside regular intercourse and balancing male fluids cause involuntary  burning sensations in all mucous membrane (plural - mucosae or mucosas; singular - mucosa; Latin - tunica mucosa). Eyeballs have a burning sensation in their sockets and throat is in pain. Skin yellows. It also smells like a hormonal burn-out most of the time unattended. Involuntary facial hair on has grown.

Men are reluctant to understand the product, its cause and the benefit women still are and will be able to find in this miraculous product (I might end up buying again.)"
"I have had Nexplanon for 4 or 5 months now. The first week I was very moody. But my body adjusted quickly. My periods lasted two weeks for the first two months. I would spot the first week than have a heavy flow the next. I didn&#039;t have a period the third month. And this month it was a normal week long period. That doesn&#039;t bother me much though. The only downfall for me is that I have put on quite a bit of weight since I got this birth control. I am now bigger than I was while pregnant. And my breasts have gone up from a large B/small C to a large C. Other than the weight gain I have no problems with the Nexplanon Implant."
"I am an early 60&#039;s male with chronic neck pain as result of too many skiing accidents over many years. Normal pain killers like Aspirin or Naprosan wouldn&#039;t even touch the pain however l found Paracetamol / Codeine 500mg / 30mg worked wonders. I take 1 tablet at first and if pain too intense increase to 2 tablets. Because of stomach upsets and slight dizziness l limit myself to 4 tablets daily. Talking to my GP about situation and the fact that l did not want to stay long-term on the Paracetamol / Codeine and he suggested acupuncture which l started to have 2 times a week (10 very sharp but small needles) over a period of 6 weeks and, as result l have only had 1 of my tablets for the last fortnight which is a wonderful turn-around for me."
"I have chronic back pain.  I have degenerative disc disease and spinal stenosis.  The pain is unbearable at times.  My doctor prescribed tramadol for me.  It has been a life saver for me.  This drug has given my life back.  It takes my pain away for a few hours so I can do some house cleaning.  It is amazing.  Please always  follow your doctor&#039;s directions when taking this drug."
"Was on Levothyroxine and I noticed some improvement, but still felt symptoms.  We increased the dosage and noticed improvement, but still not quite right.  Over time my symptoms returned and I was continually complaining that my dosage was not right, even though my numbers were within normal limits.  My doctor recommended the switch to armour.  The first week I wanted to die, I couldn&#039;t stay awake, I had constant headaches, I was irritable. After 5 days, I was ready to call the doctor and get taken off...and then MAGIC happened happened. Week 2 I had energy, I started to sleep better, no headaches.  So far so good.  I am hopeful!"
"I started Phentermine 37.5 on 5/27/15. I did cut my intake tremendously thanks to the phentermine. I will be honest my physical activity could have been a lot more I worked out only periodically(hardly ever). As of 6/25/15 I had lost 13lbs. I started at 302 5&#039;8 now I&#039;m 289. This has really motivated me to work harder during the second month of my prescription. If these pills could help me lose 13 lbs with hardly any physical activity what could they do if I got off my butt! Feeling really excited and optimistic."
"Due to financial burden with the office visit copays ,I had no alternative other than to receive the three weeks of Orthovics all in one day for both knees ,I&#039;m in escrutiating pain !,Has anyone experience the same when all administereD not only was it just one knee it was both !! How long does this pressure, stiffness last. Overall I can&#039;t feel any difference yet on my bone on bone pain .Hoping I can say later down the road that it has helped .I almost wanted to pass out I had received numbing med and spray as well it was brutal! !"
"Perfect spray. Works great for me during flu. I use it once at night only before sleeping for 7 nights so that my nose stays normal during sleep. Had no side effects so far. Thanks"
"I got it on 5/20/14-present . The  effectiveness is great. The 1st month was a 3 week light period and after that no period for 6 months but did get a light spotting period that lasted about 3 days the max. My side effects was I would get emotional and very sensative but I am not sure if its the implanon because either way I am a sensative person. I immediately gained 30 Lbs. in less than 4 months. That&#039;s a lot! Now I weight like 180 Lbs. Thats a lot for a 5&#039;2 women thats 23 yrs. Old. I went to the GYM and did dieting during that time. But after going for 3 months , 6 times/week and 1 hr . I saw no results it was 176 and 180 like a yo-yo. 

I was upset. Stoped going. Had low or no sex drive. Developed Hypothyroidism."
"I&#039;m twenty years old and I&#039;ve been on this birth control for over two years and have never had a problem with it. I&#039;ve always had irregular periods and when I did have them I was in immense pain, but since I&#039;ve been on the Depo shot I haven&#039;t had any spotting or a period and it&#039;s wonderful. First week or so I had mood swings but that was all. A+ in my book! Also, I haven&#039;t had any bone density issues."
"I&#039;d been having the symptoms of what seemed to be an STD (foul smelling discharge - sometimes it would smell of fish and sometimes it would just smell, discolored discharged) so I go to the Gyn. and he automatically diagnoses it as a yeast infection which I was rejoiced that I was worried for nothing, I go home thinking that some Monistat will solve it - nope. I finally get around to buying the Terconazole not willing to waste money on anything else after trying everything, did the 3-day regime and I smell no more and discharge is normal!"
"I use the generic cialis from India.  Their is no difference from brand and generic from India. Save your money I buy all my meds from India. American drug prices are outragous."
"I have suffered from migraines for the last 22 years, have tried lots of things that do little to nothing. I started taking nortriptyline 10mg nightly as I was getting them daily, they slightly reduced to maybe a gap of 3 days. Still not good when your working so I got the dosage increased to 2 x 10mg at night. It has made a huge difference but I&#039;m going through my script too quick so I&#039;ve asked to have it increased to 1  x 25 mg as they only come in 10mg &amp; 25mg. I feel so much better as I can now go over a week without a migraine which is like heaven having a normal life once again. Good luck everyone I fully recommend this medication"
"This healed my anxiety and deep depression and made me able to work, think, work out, enjoy my life, and recoup the losses caused by my illness.  My whole self got well, including physical ailments.  Had no difficulty tapering off when I was completely well."
"This medication didn&#039;t work at all.  20 mg did not make me sleepy; rather I was in a half sleep and it caused me to breathe shallow, I caught myself several times and had to rouse myself from the half-sleep."
"I was recently put on Adderall for ADD. I have suffered ever since I can remember with not being able to focus on anything, having a wandering mind, and doing very poorly in school. I began to just think school wasn&#039;t for me. I had heard many negatives on Adderall and that is why I never asked my doctor if it would be an option for me. He suggested I give it a try and now I am on 10 mg every day/as needed and I feel better than I have in years. It has helped my depression/anxiety as well. I am happy to learn now and attend school. Wonderful drug for me."
"10mg used to provide a pain free nights sleep. I have a pinched sciatic nerve.  After cortizone injection under general anesthetic I experienced cramps that disturbed my sleep.  This medicine is now giving me a good nights sleep and I wake refreshed in the morning."
"I started taking lorazapam (Adivan) when I was 16 (I&#039;m 32 now) for panic attacks and anxiety, 2mg twice a day. They did work well but had a short half life. I had 3 grand mal seizures when I was trying to come off of them. I switched to klonopin 6 years ago because a new Dr said that they would keep me on a more even keel because of their longer half life and he was right!!  But even on klonopin, which ARE addictive, I had a grand mal seizure when trying to ween off.  So I just take my klonopin as directed, 1mg 3x a day and I feel normal.  Some people try to say that benzo&#039;s aren&#039;t addictive, but that&#039;s a lie.  So just be careful when u hear others say that they can take their medication only when they &quot;need it&quot;."
"It was great"
"I take four five milligram tablets whenever I am constipated and I couldn&#039;t be any happier with the results. The only things I suffer from with this medication are cramps (no way as bad as everyone else is making them out to be) and wind. If you want effective and fast results which are always guaranteed, I suggest you definitely try Dulcolax."
"I&#039;m 30 and non-smoking. I took Loestrin for about 6 months, primarily for birth control. I didn&#039;t notice anything unusual for the first two months on this pill. The third month I began having violent mood swings and emotional breakdowns that were not triggered from outside issues. My period was almost non-existent; I would bleed when expected for about 2 days. Before Loestrin I had horrible cramps and while on Loestrin I had mild cramps. I regularly worked out and lost a lot of weight but I would BLOAT right around the week before my period and my weight would go up about 5 lbs. I lost my insurance, so along with financial issues as well as the mood swings, I stopped taking it. Breakouts were also an issue on my face and back."
"I was diagnosed with bipolar at 12. Been on probably every medicine out there. At 20 got pregnant with my baby girl, after having her at 21 had crazy panic attacks and anxiety never in my life have I had that. I started on 2mg of Xanax 3x a day felt so doped. Went to Klonopins and they have even stopped my bipolar meds CRAZY! IT WORKS WONDERS, BEEN ON FOR ALMOST 3 YEARS. "
"Started taking 2.5 mg Zyprexia a day 3 days ago. For years have taken 60 mg Celexa, .5 mg Clonazepam, and ( .5 mg Xanax if I need for emergency panic attack) They worked well until 6 years ago, my husband died, a year later my dad died.Two years after my dad passed his wife died, then 4mo. later my son, who had Downs Syndrome died on the operating table. I was really going into a deep black hole by then but it just got worse. A friend of 25 yrs died of cancer not even a year after my son. I can really feel a difference in just 3 days. No crying so far, been outside and to the store without panic attacks. Sleep really well. So far eating hasn&#039;t been a problem, have lots of energy, and just feel better. Hoping for a new lease on life!"
"I have taken Latuda for about 2 weeks for Bipolar Depression. I also take Prozac and Depakote. I have never had a medicine work so quickly and dramatically. I can feel again...love for my family...optimism...although I am not sleeping as I did before. I have gone from 12-13 hours/night to 6-8 hours/night. I have had brief episodes of irritability but so far have been able to resolve them quickly. I feel better than I have in years."
"I&#039;ve used monistat in the past. I get YI&#039;s after antibiotics. Normally it&#039;s such a relief to start the medication. This time I immediately felt like my vagina was on FIRE. Agony. I took out what I could and tried again with a generic 3 day cream and have relief. No pain. I think this was a bad batch bc this has never happened to me before and I always use the Monistat 1 day."
"I have used the patch for nearly 2 years, receiving it from Europe before it was released in the US. Quite honestly, it has been life altering. I am now able to complete tasks I was totally unable to do before. Now that it has been removed from the US market, it is like taking away the oxygen required to breath. Someone should do something to at least get the compassionate use thing going."
"Soooo, before nexplanon I had the implanon in for the full 3 years and LOVED it! :) absolutely no issues, never gained weight(ps I also rarely work out and my diet is not the best) and my periods have always been super light and on time every month, after my 3 years were up it was time to have it removed. So I chose to get the nexplanon inserted. The procedure was fast and not very painful, just some bruising. At first I did not get a period for 3 months and I did have some cramping and mood swings, but after 3 months my body adjusted to the new birth control, and I started getting a normal short period each month. :) 
Also, my weight has pretty much stayed the same. And I plan on keeping until my 3 year mark is up! :)"
"I posted on this forum when I first started Lo Loestrin Fe. And I still love it! I used to have ovarian cysts that would rupture and caused immense pain so I was placed on birth control by my gyno. My periods are 2-3 days (mostly spotting) and light cramping. I do however get more depressed around this time and I feel the birth control does it. I also get more tired. But other than that I&#039;m still loving it! I pay around 15.00 a month after insurance. I plan on staying on this pill."
"My daughter is getting her 2nd implant next week.  She received her first at age 8 and it has worked great.  Her bone age has not changed in 6 months!!!  We have had good luck with it and recommend."
"Warning: it does not necessarily take 6-12 hours for this medication to work. Less than an hour after taking 2 of the dulcolax pink pills, the effects began. I have been in the bathroom every 10-20min for the past 4 hours. I recommend taking this medication when you have zero plans or zero intention of getting any sleep. 
On the plus side, tomorrow might be a really great day to wear those jeans that are just a little bit too tight, surely I&#039;ve lost a couple pounds between these incredibly frequent bathroom trips."
"I started on Lyrica for my Simple Partial/Partial Complex seizures 5 years ago (by a previous neuro) and even though Lyrica was far from my current neuro&#039;s first choice he decided to keep me on it.  He immediately added Vimpat.  For the next 8 months, I had continued frequent spontaneous seizures and he persisted saying we just had to find the right dosage of both.  He&#039;d change the dosage by 50mg increases, different times of day, etc.. 8 months of terrible short term memory, lethargy, and a rainbow of different types of seizures and as a last ditch effort he lowered my morning dosage by 50mg and I went from a zombie to ME again!  5 years and I had issues only when stressed or sensory over load.  But now they are sneaking back again..."
"My nexplanon stopped my period for a year, then I had a period maybe once every other month. The last year I got a regular period every month. A shorter, lighter period than my usual heavy 7 day long period. In January, about 6 months before my 3 year mark, I got every terrible symptom. I felt nauseous, for a period every other week, felt like I was on a never ended cycle, had the worse mood swings, I&#039;m usually not the nicest but I could not handle being that irritable and completely lost my sex drive. I never wanted to have sex opposed to my normal self wanting it every single night. That&#039;s where I gave up on this method. I got it taken out a week ago today and I&#039;m back to myself. After a day or two my sex drive returned. good for 2yrs 4me"
"I got my period a week before the initial day and I took the pill two weeks before that. "
"I&#039;m 24 and I&#039;ve been on this for about 2 years. I had quite a period which lasted about 3 weeks during the first month. I haven&#039;t actually had a period for about a year and a half now which is great. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings or anything. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant yet so it seems to work well."
"The brand version of Intuniv has been extremely helpful for my son with helping him to moderate his ADHD behaviors.  He was diagnosed with the hyperactive subtype, and the problematic behaviors all but disappeared while taking a daily 2mg dose.  He has been taking Intuniv for over 4 years now with no observed side-effects."
"I have been taking Tramadol capsules for 6 months, deal with severe pain from torn tendons, both ankle and shoulder. Main purpose to help me get a reasonable night&#039;s sleep. Two capsules of 50mg taken 7pm have been very successful. There have been no side effects, I have been very satisfied with results.
14 days ago my chemist gave me Tramedo, 50mg capsules, as he did not have Tramadol in stock.... said they were the same. For the first time ever, I accepted replacement product.
After 10 days,  have been sleeping well past normal wake time, been very tired during  rest of day,  gasto problems, have had bruising (?) in the circles under my eyes that looked like blood blisters, and poorer vision.
The supplying company have not returned my call"
"I have had the worse case of cold sores for nearly 10yrs now, I use to live by Lysine ointment because I thought it was the best fastest treatment of cold sores compared to the numerous other ones I had tried that made it worse. I&#039;ve learned over these years that not everyone gets cold sores the same severity, mine are sometimes started on my lip then spread away from lip &amp; onto upper lip or even cheek, form into at least 10 mini blisters leaving incredible damage on face! I had avoided Abreva because of the price at the time (nearly $20),I  couldn&#039;t find my lysine so I tried Abreva, it is the overall best coldsore med on the market! PROMISE!"
"I have been on pantaprozol for just over a week 4omg twice a day.  Not noticed any difference . Have lost my voice for 6 weeks now . Been diagnosed with silent reflux.  I&#039;ve got dry mouth . Mouth ulcers sore tongue and my lips are very sore .


."
"I got my implant in September 2014. In the beginning, I experienced irregular periods, but nothing too alarming. Things started to get bad towards the end of January 2015. I started gaining weight, tired all the time, and my sex drive is almost non existent! I&#039;ve gained 23lbs since then, and no matter how hard I try, I can&#039;t lose it, and just keep getting heavier. I have a ridiculously large appetite, and my acne has become painful and very obvious. I&#039;m not myself anymore. When I&#039;m not working (which I do every day, very physically active job), all I want to do is lay down and do nothing. I never used to be like this. I&#039;m bleeding almost constantly, and my memory is shot. I want this thing out!"
"I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder 3.5 years ago. Initially, I took Lamictal and Saphris for one year. Saphris made me too drowsy too often, so now I take Lamictal and Latuda (60mg).  I recommend taking Latuda at night with food. If I take it in the morning or during the day, I get very restless and can&#039;t still still or focus on anything. I have no problems if I take it right before bed with a snack."
"I started Apidex on March 21st weighing 233lbs. Now on May 21st I weight 205lbs with very little excerise. Very happy with the outcome. Going to start working out, hopefully will get to my goal weight of 170."
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil for 4 days and so far I have been staying up late, had a sore throat for few days and also been eating a lot. As far as my moods, I haven&#039;t felt any changes or anything as far as pulling me out of my depression shell. As far as I know, it doesn&#039;t start actually working until about 4-6 weeks."
"I took Abilify with Celexa for one night. It seemed to work pretty well as soon as I took it. However, only three hours later, I was sitting on the couch when suddenly my arm lifted up and flung itself over the arm rest. I didn&#039;t even feel a muscle twitch. I wouldn&#039;t have even known had I not seen it move and felt it flop against the rest. It was bizarre. Two other incidents happened that same night, so I called my doctor in a panic who told me not to take the next dose. They took me off it immediately.

It allowed me to feel more relaxed. However, the side effect was so bad I couldn&#039;t even attempt to do a month of treatment without possibly injuring myself."
"Medication has effectively arrested my father&#039;s CLL.  From 140,000 WBC to 5,000 within two months."
"I am 19 years old and started using this patch.  I had surgery to stretch my bladder a year ago (apparently my bladder quit growing at a young age).  Before, I had to go to the bathroom every hour and a half and the surgery was only a temporary fix from this.  This patch worked wonders!  Not only do I go less, but I can also hold it in for a lot longer!"
"It was given to me in the hospital to aid in sleeping.  I woke up in another hospital bed down the hall.  It was empty and I was trying to get in that bed.  I had a heart monitor on, but I had moved out of my room, and was half dressed wandering the halls until I came on the nurse station.  Why didn&#039;t someone know I was having an issue, because of my disconnected heart monitor?  They put me back in bed and seemed upset at me.  They never explained.  I just took it once.  I was awake but couldn&#039;t see or know what has happened, or about to happen. Could have walked off a bldg. "
"No side effects. Was clenching teeth on Synthroid. Very pleased with Nature-throid. $21 without insurance. Happy"
"My acne was severe before Accutane. I was at the point where I wouldn&#039;t leave the house, I had no social life, it was so horrendous it was emotionally awful and physically painful too, I felt suicidal it was that bad I felt like a monster, tried so many ways to get rid of my acne from the age of 13, nothing worked. It just got worse, turned cystic and then when I turned 21 I decided to take the plunge and go for Accutane, not joking the first 2 months were hell and I felt like giving up, but I carried it on and yeah the side effects like dry skin and lips were bad and I was moody but all I regret is not taking it sooner, my skin is perfect now and glows. I look like a different person, I&#039;d advise this 100%."
"I am a 17 year old female who has been on Zoloft for almost 6 months. I used to have terrible social anxiety, and was diagnosed with an anxiety and panic disorder. Since I have started taking Zoloft, my ability to speak with people has grown tremendously. I can&#039;t remember ever feeling happier than I do now, and the biggest change in me is the fact that I now feel emotionally stable. I&#039;m only on 25mg, but I have found that it has helped me in incredible ways. The only side effects I have experienced are loss of appetite and slight nausea- I have lost a bit of weight while on this medicine, but not a dangerous amount. I highly recommend talking to your doctor about this medicine if you experience social anxiety, or have panic attacks."
"I started Savella 2 months ago for Fibromyalgia, I also have DDD, a C-spine fusion from 2-6, chronic spondylosis, sciatica, and migraine. I used 2 titration packages, using the same dosage for day one out of each package before moving to the next day, etc. That way it prolonged the rising of levels. I had been on Neurontin for many years and even though it helped tremendously for a long while, I started having pins and needle feelings in my legs, abdomen, etc. that an increase in dose didn&#039;t help. I still have nausea and a tired feeling, but believe some of it might be due to decreasing Gabapentin as I went up on Savella. Having said all of this, I am not having nearly as much pain as before!"
"I&#039;m not exercising at all. I&#039;m just eating right. I have been on it 6 days now and I&#039;ve lost 9 pounds. 1300 calories a day !!!"
"My dr wanted me to try this medicine after being very successful on phentermine which is MUCH cheaper. So contract gave me some stupid contrave card that charge me $60 a month - much more expensive than phentermine but for that price I&#039;d try it. So now after about a year they jacked the price up with no notice right when I went to refill it to $92 no warning no reason and it&#039;s putting my life at risk to have no pills to wean off and no way to pay for the sudden increase.  So whatever you do, I won&#039;t even start this drug even if they pretend they will give you a cut price because they will suddenly increase it after you&#039;re on it hoping you can just pay it to avoid the  consequences of going off of it cold turkey, good luck"
"I have been taking this medicine for 6 years and am very happy with it.  It is the first medication that has helped me to feel what I would guess is normal.  I am able to enjoy things in my life that are good.  My anxiety is less and my paranoid obsessive thoughts are much more in control.  I feel like it gets my brain in the right place to where I can think clearly."
"I have had two injections in both my shoulders. The right one I damaged just putting my coat on. I was in serious pain for 10 months. After having the injection 1 year ago I have been pain free. It was very painful when I had it and for about a week after but then it&#039;s been fine. My left has been a frozen shoulder for well over 10 years and I have just had an injection for it. It did not hurt as much. No side effects."
"Can&#039;t tolerate stimulants, so only choice was non-stimulant medication.  It does work, and I&#039;ve definitely noticed a difference.  First couple of days I&#039;d get real sick for a couple of hours, pretty nauseated.  But that went away after a while.  For the first two months, I rarely felt hungry, I dropped 15 pounds, but my mouth was always dry, and I was drinking liters upon liters of water every day.  Still some problems &quot;downstairs&quot;, if you know what I mean.  Makes me pretty sleepy, so I usually take it right before I turn in for the day.  But honestly, even with all the side effects, it works well enough that I do continue to take it."
"Absolutely fantastic. Had it in for 3 months and have only had light spotting which is getting less with time. Hasn&#039;t made me gain any weight! My acne has gotten worse, but it goes through bad patches anyway so don&#039;t know if it is related. I got mine inserted surgically and was crampy for first week, but besides from that I&#039;m extremely happy with the outcome."
"Saw immediate results in triglycerides levels. No noticeable side effects thus far."
"I was given Luvox a few months ago after unsuccessful attempts with Prozac, paxil, and Lexapro. I had heard so many promising things about Luvox, and it seemed to be the miracle drug for many people with OCD. For me, however, it was an absolute nightmare. Possibly the worst drug I&#039;ve been on. I was on a low dosage, can&#039;t remember what, but even then the side effects were unbearable. I threw up every morning for two months straight taking this stuff. The day I stopped taking it, this ended. I also had sleep problems with this medication, and have never had sleeping issues in my life. I have since switched to Clomipramine and it is working WONDERS compared to Luvox. That just goes to show every one responds totally different to drugs."
"I have tried everything from tricyclics,  serzone lexapro,  Welbutrin,  celexa, everthing under the sun. I just recently started on prozac about 2 weeks ago  (straight from lexapro) and the results have been amazing! I  sleep well,  my dreams are pleasant now and my brain doesn&#039;t over analyze everything.  I  wake up early feeling good which I  haven&#039;t in years.  I have ambition and energy, get shit done and look for more to do. Finally something that works! I  haven&#039;t had the opportunity to see if there are any sexual side effects yet but hopefully soon! Lol."
"Brintellix has reduced my depression to the lowest levels I&#039;ve ever had with one medication. I have had medication resistant major depression with suicidal thoughts and occasional auditory hallucinations, severe insomnia, and attention problems for 30 years. I have had to take 3 meds to control it in the past. This med is making me feel incredibly &quot;normal&quot;.  However,  I am having headaches and some nausea at 25 mg (always need high doses) but the headaches are improving- I think they will pass like most side effects do if I  stick with it and practice patience. I feel to good to give up easily."
"Horrible side effects.  I was suddenly filled with aggression and rage after taking it. I was so irritated that I had to tell the doctor to give me something to calm me down before I ripped out my IV.  Not something you want to deal with during a migraine."
"This made me really sick.   I would say go for plan b even if it is a little more expensive.  Plan b didn&#039;t bother me when I took it before.  But , with this medicine , I had all of the side effects you can imagine. But I am not pregnant , so the medication did do it&#039;s job. Just be wary that you can get upper respiratory infection, diarrhea, terrible cramps, &amp; a lot of bleeding."
"I&#039;ve had the Skyla IUD for 2yrs now and it&#039;s been a fantastic experience. I will admit the insertion was very painful. I took 600mg of advil about an hour beforehand and it was still very painful (an 8.5 out of 10 pain wise). The rest of the day I had to stay home because the cramps would come in waves and were severe. After 2-3 days the pain was gone, but I did have bleeding/spotting for about 1-2 months afterward. However, I was on depo provera prior to the IUD and it caused my uterine lining to really thicken up, so there&#039;s no telling whether the bleeding was from the IUD or from the depo. Since then my periods come every 2 months or so, and only last about 3-4 days, and I&#039;ve never once worried about being pregnant. Highly recommend!"
"I was prescribed Monodox at the age of 39. I never had acne. I had a partial hysterectomy months back and since then I have had several changes going on. My skin has been extremely oily and I was getting a new pimple every day. One would clear up and another would pop up on my face. I went to my dermatologist and he prescribed this medication. He said for some people it may take up to 2 months to see any kind of result. It was working for me within a week. It is true, if taken in the morning on an empty stomach it does cause nausea. I am so happy, my skin looks awesome. It has been just 1 month, and I have had completely clear skin since week 1."
"I am 27 and was dx with Graves Disease about 1.5 years ago causing my eyes to be very painful and dry with a lot of inflammation. I was using artificial tears 2-4 times a day and still was struggling. I have been on Xiidra eye drops for 3-4 months now and am SO glad I discovered this drug. I had a 1 month recheck after starting the drops.. when they tested my vision I was seeing three LINES BELOW what I was the prior month because my eyes were SO dry. It has drastically improved with the inflammation due to Grave&#039;s Disease and I even feel like it has helped with the appearance. (Probably related to inflammation as well) I now use artificial tears ZERO times a day. Thank goodness for Xiidra."
"I have been on Copaxone for 12 years. I have had ups and downs with this medicine but never anything real bad. I did have some swollen lymph nodes in my groin that we assumed was from the Copaxone. I went off the medicine for a month and they started to go down. I went back on Copaxone after a flare from being off the medicine and haven&#039;t looked back. I think its a great medicine. I inject it myself mostly and my wife does it the rest of the time. I don&#039;t use my arms because when you get a muscle injection it is quite painful. I miss one here and there, to give myself a night without a needle. I have had very good luck with this medicine and hope it continues for years to come. "
"Geodon has been great for me. It balances out my moods. I&#039;m weaning down off Lamictal because it just didn&#039;t do the trick. Geodon makes me feel more &quot;smooth&quot; I guess, not apathetic, but just my overall mood is on an even keel, without taking away from the creativity I like to display."
"I was switched to this pill from Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo automatically as well due to it being the less expensive option. I have not had any problems. My periods still begin on the same day and I have not gained any weight since I have switched  (8 months ago). I can say that I never had cravings before taking Tri-Sprintec. Now the 3rd week of pills I seem much hungrier for things I didn&#039;t eat before."
"This is the first day on Belviq XR so I haven&#039;t been able to notice much of a change in my eating lesser. I didn&#039;t experience any headaches or nausea. Actually had a little more energy. Now I&#039;ve just did 3 months on Phentermine 37.5 mg and I went from 282 lbs to 251 lbs(without exercising much) I wanted to continue the phentermine. But my doctor said 3 months is the limit. He suggest I try Belviq since you can remind on Belviq longer. I am 5&#039;10&#039; and current weight is 251 lbs. My goal is too get down to 190 lbs and I am very optimistic in reaching this goal."
"I&rsquo;m writing this because no one ever reviews things online when they actually work. I&rsquo;ve had kyleena since April and have had no negative side effects. I had some random spotting for the first couple months and now have not had my period for about two months. No reduction in sex drive or weight gain. The placement wasn&rsquo;t nearly as painful for me as others have said- about 30 seconds of uncomfortable cramping and then none since."
"When my symptoms first began (about 7 years ago) I suffered through a colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy, tests for parasites through two different &quot;specialists&quot;.  The results were that they couldn&#039;t find anything wrong, so I must have IBD.  I was told there was nothing I could do but &quot;learn to live with it&quot;.  I found that it took 13 Imodium at one time to stop an &quot;episode&quot;.  Returned to the MD and begged him to prescribe something / anything to help - Hyoscyamine Sulfate!  It works!  I take two when the problem starts and within about a half hour it has stopped. I recommended it without hesitation!  The only problem is that my insurance won&#039;t cover it and I just had to pay $150 for 180 tablets.  "
"The first week was the hardest, but I found that taking Xanax made the side effects easier to handle.  After 7 days, I started noticing a difference.  I hope I continue to improve as time passes"
"This medicine helped me so much to relieve some of the pressure in my head and leveled the pressure in my eyes. I also have edema of the legs and it gets so bad that at times I retain over 20 lbs of water which slows me down terribly. The pills helped me greatly and kept me active. However my doctor decided to take me off them and put me on Topamax because though the pressures were down, the headaches and pain was still there. I have gained so much weight because I barely move at times and have not been as active as I once was. My legs and now my abdomen are filled with fluid. Wish I could get Diamox again!"
"I have been taking bydureon for the 7 weeks.  At first I was very hesitatant to use a needle for self injection.  I&#039;ve gotten over the fear and now this is what I can say.  On weight lost I have dropped some 13lbs over the 7 weeks.  It has really curbed my desire to eat food.  I&#039;m still waiting for the medicine to start to work and see lower blood sugar ratings.  I have one more 4 pack to go and then off to check A1C.

Side effects; the bumps have shown up and I have two of them.  I&#039;m hoping they go away as estimated in the next month or so.  I seem to burp a lot and I don&#039;t know if anyone experienced this but for the first couple of weeks I had very little energy in the evening.

 So I&#039;ll update when I get my results in 5 weeks."
"I tried this for two months and I cannot take it anymore. The only reason I wanted to be on birth control was so I could know exactly when my period would start, without the pill I would never be consistent.  I tried Lo-Estrin24, which caused me to spot and so my doctor thought I needed something a little stronger, so she prescribed me this. Since I have been on it, my mom and I got in a huge fight causing us not to talk for 2 weeks, I isolated my friends and got emotionally attached to a guy, which never happens and I have been eating like crazy.  My breasts are huge, weight increased and I was nauseous for a week straight, not to mention the whole point of me taking this was to know when my period was, well I never started when the pill said I should."
"This medicine works great.  The price point is high, but you guys don&#039;t have to pay it. The manufacturer has a coupon that you take to the pharmacy that you can get online.  It reduces the copay to just $5.00."
"I was a smoker for over 45 years. Now I&#039;m a none smoker for a year thanks to Chantix. My doctor told me that this would work and it did. So see your doctor and work with him or her to quit. I had no side effects."
"This little pill saved my life. I fell off a roof 14 years ago and been on Norco for 6 years and they have been great I can almost work normal, I&#039;m an air conditioning man. I can perform almost all my tasks, great pill. Would recommend for anyone."
"Used once and the product burned my eyes . Then made the mistake of not throwing it away and used again in one eye and only that eye has been watering for more than 12 hours and irritated. Now the skin around the eye is sore. I&#039;m trying not to touch it but it&#039;s drying out my skin."
"I started using Seasonique as both a treatment for my PCOS as well as a birth control option. Before using Seasonique I lived with an almost constant period that would last for months at a time. It was a saving grace when I started using seasonique and it instantly &quot;turned off the tap&quot;! For two months I am period free then about mid way through the third month I start spotting until I start my new pack. This is a huge improvement to what I&#039;m used to (used to be heavy flow and all the time) and it&#039;s given me a new found sense of freedom. I did NOT experience any hair loss and actually lost weight. It also helped immensely with my cystic acne. Altogether it&#039;s been a fantastic experience!"
"Didnt work for me, within an hour of taking it I had hives, also seemed to irritate my bladder so I was up peeing every half hour until  3 am! I do suffer from urticaria so its probably more about me than the product. Disappointed as I was hoping it would help me sleep. But itching and peeing does not make a restful night! I stopped taking it after  nights."
"Have taken Mucinex D several times over the past few years with congestion.  It is the best thing out there to make me feel better during the day but I only take it in the morning with food.  Even then I usually don&#039;t sleep great at night but do not experience the insomnia others are talking about"
"Really good. Helped relieve my panic disorder and also depression. Mind was a lot clearer."
"I got my Implanon inserted on June 30th of this year, on the last day of my period.  I may have spotted for 2 days after about 15 days of having it.  However, it is now October 20th and I have not gotten my period yet, no bleeding or nothing, and I am not pregnant.  I may have gained about 5 pounds, but I won&#039;t blame the Implanon, I have been bad with my eating habits.  I have not gotten acne, or cramps, or moods or anything, although I may have a little headache once in a while, but nothing else."
"After my VAD Stroke I am on plavix.  I have a toddler that I still nurse. I looked up plavix for several days &amp; talked to several doctors. Some said it was fine, some said it was not ok. After talking to so many people about it, I felt that it seemed ok to nurse on. I&#039;ve been on it for a month and yesterday I realized that my 2yo is constipated. We are weaning ASAP now because I don&#039;t know what else it&#039;s doing to him, but it&#039;s definitely getting through. I just wanted to post this somewhere for other nursing moms to see. We are currently only nursing 2 times a day right now."
"I bought Moviprep at Walmart Canada for $32.  Dr prescribed a laxative at 8am today which did a lot of the heavy lifting. I followed a liquid diet today and took prep at 6pm. It took 1.5 hours to begin working. 3 hours in and I think I may be done. I mixed it with lemon/lime Gatorade and chilled it. I plugged my nose and drank 8oz every 15min. I am chilled but that was the only side effect. I&#039;m going to prepare my 6am dosage now. GLTA"
"I was first introduced to Atarax when I was having trouble sleeping at the mental hospital/psych ward. I was only prescribed 50mg a day and it didn&#039;t really help with my sleeping issues. I stopped taking the medicine but one week I started getting really bad anxiety, to the point where I would feel like puking, I decided to take the pills again on 50mg. It helped a lot with anxiety and pretty quickly as well."
"I fell and injured my shoulders and back. I was taking pain killers for two weeks but nothing helped. I went back to my DR. and he prescribed diclofenac. I have being taking it for a week, two times a day. It&#039;s helping me a lot, I take it with food so it won&#039;t upset my stomach. I wouldn&#039;t be able to get out of bed."
"Really amazing spray! It is life changing medication."
"I am currently using Abreva for the first time and I will absolutely use it again! I did not apply until after the blister appeared. It was a large cluster sores (about the size of a dime). I am so happy with how fast it worked! Typically, my cold sores last 10 days. It&#039;s been 4 and my cold sore has significantly reduced in size - its practically gone. I&#039;m confident it&#039;ll be gone by day 7. There has been no crusty dry stage - which I feel is the most embarrassing. I have to agree with another comment I read about the bright white color.  I would have liked to use it more frequently throughout the day, but didn&#039;t want to draw anymore attention with white paste all over my face at work. It was worth the $20, a little goes a long way!"
"This medicine took forever to work at all and didn&#039;t touch my foot, back knee, or migraine pain.  What it did do is make me horribly nauseous, gave me hot sweats and shakes, made my hair fall out by the handful, and costs almost $200 for 30 pills. The prescription card only covers a month but it was time and money wasted. What a horrible experience!"
"I&#039;m on day 5 and it&#039;s scabbing, thinking it will be here until day 8-10, it didn&#039;t really help speed up healing, and I used it before the blisters appeared, when my lips felt tight in one spot..."
"Awful stomach cramps, the worst experience I&#039;ve ever had with a laxative."
"This is a fantastic medication. I was admitted to the hospital for nausea/vomiting due to the flu. Hadn&#039;t eaten a thing in 5 days. They gave me Zofran 4mg at the hospital, my nausea and urge to vomit went away in about an hour, and my appetite came back later that night. I continued to take 4mg as per required, generally before I ate to make sure it didn&#039;t come back up. Was able to come off it without any adverse effects. I highly recommend this medication! A potential life saver."
"(15 years old, 103 lbs) I took this at 3pm yesterday morning. I was stupid and took three pills. at about 3:30 I was having HORRIFIC abdominal pain and cramping and bad nausea. (I never actually threw up but I felt like I was going to several times) at around 2 am I had to GO. after that I went back to bed but for the rest of the night had to get up at least every fifteen minutes with explosive diarrhea. I woke up the next morning in extreme pain with worse nausea than the night before. i tried going to school and had to be picked up early because i couldn&#039;t even control my bowel movements. its now 10:16 a day after taking this laxative and my stomach is cramping and growling and I still feel nauseous. i do not recommend. If you take it, take ONLY 1!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about a month and I&#039;m really encouraged. I&#039;ve struggled with depression on and off now since I reached puberty (I&#039;m now 37).  My childhood was great and I could never figure out why I struggled with depression, low self-esteem, racing thoughts, etc.  I&#039;ve been to counseling at various times and tried therapy including CBT.  While these have been helpful to a degree, I never seemed to be able to shake the feeling of angst, gloomy thoughts, etc.  I know it is still very early but I really feel great. I don&#039;t seem to be having the depressing thoughts and my outlook is so much more positive.  For the first couple of weeks I experienced loose stools, mild hot flashes in the morning but they seem to have subsided as well."
"I took this for 2 days and absolutely nothing. Don&#039;t waste your time or money on this."
"I have been using this for just over 2 weeks now and lost 6 pounds. The side effects are there but not really bad%u2026.unless you eat the wrong things! It has helped me already see which food are more fatty than others. I have had no accidents etc but then I know if I go off having a curry/Chinese then yes, I will. I want to loose another 2 stone in 3 months and my doctor is positive I can. Just remember, it%u2019s not a miracle drug you must work with it by cutting down on fatty foods and portions as well as exercising. Good luck."
"I got the skyla in April of 2015, it was extremely painful experience and really uncomfortable. I&#039;ve always had really bad cramps so the doctor suggested this because it can lessen cramps and I didn&#039;t have to remember to take something everyday. I am about 6 months in and I&#039;ve had extreme cramping every time for two weeks. They come on in attacks. The bleeding is a lot lighter and it&#039;s pretty effective. But it&#039;s almost not worth the pain."
"I went to a Surgical Center as a patient for out patient Bladder Surgery. In the recovery room i was given 2 shots of Demerol in my IV to help the bladder pain.  Much to my surprise I felt like a human being again because the demerol also  relieved a migraine headache I had for about 10 days."
"In late November I began taking Lamisil as prescribed by my podiatrist. There were few if any side effects --- at least none clearly noticeable by me. Slowly the nails on the three infected toenails began to grow out healthy. The new nail was not thick or yellowish, and was firmly connected to the nail bed. My prescription lasted for three month at which time the infection had grown out by approximately 70%. My podiatrist said there was no need to extend the prescription beyond three months unless the fungus came back. It is now early May and I can say that I have no symptoms of toenail fungus whatsoever. I have had the fungus for at least 10 years on my two big toes, and well over 15 years on a pinkie toe. My nails are completely healthy."
"I&#039;ve been on Apri for about six months now and it&#039;s been a rollercoaster. This is the first birth control that I have experience with, so I decided to give it 5 stars because it&#039;s done some good for me and some not so good. I have had bad acne for the past 10+ years, so when I first started taking Apri and the acne subsided I was thrilled. I like having regular, track-able periods, but I suppose you&#039;d have that with any birth control. The downside is the absolutely AWFUL mood swings, and I mean awful. I&#039;m typically a very happy, joke-y person, but while on this medication I&#039;ve noticed that I can get into funks of terrible irritability and sadness for no reason. I will be discussing different options with my doctor next time I see her."
"I have been using Restasis drops for approx 5 years, but still suffer from severe dry eyes.  My doctor gave me a sample of Fresh Kote to try.  At first the stinging alarmed me, but within a few minutes my eyes felt refreshed.  These are the first drops that I&#039;ve actually felt some relief.  I haven&#039;t had to purchase them yet, but they can&#039;t be any more expensive then Restasis drops."
"I&#039;m using this pill for birth control. I was scared to use it at first because of all the bad reviews, but I didn&#039;t have any symptoms at all until about a week and a half in. I started spotting like crazy, I was nauseous and didn&#039;t want to do anything,  also it made me a little depressed, and I started getting a little more acne than usual. So I called the doctor and they said to switch to taking the pill at night. I take the pill as close to 10pm as possible and I haven&#039;t had anymore spotting or nausea. Also I just had my first period while on the pill and even though my periods are never heavy this one was even lighter and didn&#039;t last as long as my normal period would. So far it&#039;s doing its job for its intended use."
"I tried a lot of the SSRIs and SNRIs medicines, Lexapro, Effexor, Celexa, Wellbutrin, pristiq, Paxil. Lexapro and Effexor gave me monster insomnia, could not sleep for nothing. Wellbutrin made me pass out and the other 2 did nothing for me. Finally my Doctor put me on Buspar 7.5 two times a day. It did make me nauseated but it says to take it on a full stomach which I took on an empty stomach. After I followed the directions I didn&#039;t have any more issues. No side effects and my libido has increased (wife happy). Really no more issues with anxiety anymore, I can now go to dinner, the grocery store without any issues."
"If it is taken as your Doctor says then it is a really effective in treating anxiety."
"Back in the mid eighties I started to get some sort of odd inflammation they thought several different diseases because from time to time I test positive for them then negative. First Lyme&#039;s , then systemic lupus, then gout, then possible bone cancer, etc etc.. the list is huge and has baffled a lot of different doctors which have sent me to all the best clinics the last time was Neuromyelitus when I started to go blind and seizures.. when the flare up eventually got so bad  in the nineties that I was mottled and four times the normal size and bed bound not being able to walk at all..the big problem is it floats and affects random joints and organs . I have to . 
What seems to help the most is Prednisone"
"I had the Mirena inserted in December 2007 and I my periods are the same. I have one on a monthly basis lasting about 5 days. The Mirena is a good option however, I have experienced hair loss and I am sometimes moody and my sex drive has decreased. I am not sure if the Mirena has something to do with that or not but I am sure going to ask my doctor."
"Thank you for the opportunity to share my experience. I was  diagnosed with cervical dystonia. I have been taking the shots for three years. I receive these shots every three months. The pain from these shots is very intense. I believe l receive seven injections per visit. I have tried to ice the area, it does not help. I have had pt, as well as acupuncture, neither worked. I find the shots help for about three months. I like the results, but don&#039;t like the pain. The doctor says it is due to the tension of the muscles. Anyone having this problem? Thanks for listening."
"Great product. "
"So, the night before I used Hypercare, I came onto this site and looked at users reviews, since I was reluctant to use it at first because I was worried it wouldn&#039;t work and I&#039;d have bad b/o all day at school. I think the user reviews helped my unsureness because that&#039;s what mattered most to me; how it worked for the everyday person. I put it on last night, and it stung and itched (I&#039;m on the second night and the itch is still there) but the next day I barely sweat. I sweat a little at lunch (but since it&#039;s the first day it&#039;s not fully effective) but that was it! Hypercare is a dream come true. No longer do I have to live with the embarrassment of sweating."
"I am a recovering opiate addict (2 yrs 4 mos). The dentist prescribed Norco 5/325 after a terrible root canal. It scared me. The thought of relapse is something that I&#039;ve fought hard to avoid. So my husband filled the script, we said a prayer and he was in charge of dosing and hiding the pills. 

It worked. No traditional opioid high or weird effects. Just pain relief. I have noticed a bit of a rash on my chest and arms, but it doesn&#039;t itch and isn&#039;t raised. 

I can&#039;t say that you should take this if you have a history of addiction. You&#039;ll have to decide what kind of place you are in and if you have someone to monitor your pills. I can only speak for my experience. Best of luck everyone."
"I am 24 years old and have been using this medication for the past 10 years. My dosage has been increased as my body grew. I have found it to control my seizures very well. I had initial fatigue, head aches, but they subsided after the first couple months. The reason I rated it at 9 is because I have not tried any other drugs, primarily for fear of losing the control Tegretol provides currently."
"I am reading the comments and I am really surprised at how long and at how high a dosage some people with urinary tract infections are reporting.  I went to the doctor this morning because I have a UTI, but I was given 6 Cipro pills, each 250 mg to be taken twice a day.  From what I understand, most doctors will try this 3 day fix and not put you on an extended dose.  I am reading comments that some people are on for 10 days.  I am all for stamping out an infection, but I want to do it with as little medication as possible. So far so good.  Who knows, I might need a new prescription but for now I am hoping that this modest approach of a 3 day treatment will do the trick."
"I have been taking Celexa since December, and it has helped me get rid of my anxiety. I don&#039;t know what caused my anxiety to come on exactly, but once I got home from school for semester break I started getting awful anxiety. I was getting very good grades and for the most part I had no worries at all, but I found myself not wanting to hang out with friends, not wanting to eat meals at all, even when it was my favorite food, just wanting to lay around the house and watch TV and try to sleep. Once my doctor put me on Celexa it only took a few days before I became the old me, wanting to go out with friends and doing things I have always enjoyed. I take 10mg daily. As far as side effects go, I haven&#039;t had any."
"I was on Lyrica until last year until my insurance would not pay for it. They started me on gabapentin which does work very well with me."
"Hi! I am 35yrs old, no kids and after many years on jaz pill I wanted to have less hormonal impact. And of course every woman reacts differently so you might be someone with no problems at all. Insertion didn&#039;t work the first time since I had bad cramps due to uneven cervix. Next time the doctor prescribed a vaginal pill softening the uterus. That helped a lot with the cramps. I had several days with cramps afterwards but equal to having bad mentrual pain. It was uncomfortable but tolerable. 
On Skyla for 6 weeks now and have had light to heavy spotting since the insertion. Weight gain and irregular cramps. Will wait another few months to see if it gets better before having it removed. Wanted to love it because of easy use and less hormones"
"Ive been on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for a little over a year now. The first few weeks of taking it I had horrible nausea but after that it worked great. I do notice that I become more emotional over things sometimes (angry without reason, sad because of nothing). My periods are very light and last for about 4-5 days, although this is the first month where my period has come for just one day. I didn&#039;t have acne or cramps before and I still don&#039;t get them. My breast also increased a size. I particularly enjoy this birth control."
"I&rsquo;ve been on Loryna for a couple of years now (maybe 3 or 4?). I absolutely LOVE this pill for controlling my acne. It is the only other thing besides daily antibiotics (doxycycline) that have controlled my acne. I tried Sprintec prior to this and it did nothing for my acne. Short term, I have had no side effects from Loryna. No weight gain, no extreme mood swings, nothing. My only complaint and reason for considering switching is that after taking this long term, I recently developed spider veins on my thighs. I have NEVER had such a thing so it was very concerning as I am only 25 and in very good health, and as I know there are increased risks for DVT while taking this drug. Recently the areas on my thigh where the spider veins developed have become somewhat painful at work (as I stand all day). I attribute the development of the spider veins directly to Loryna as this is only medication I have taken the past couple years. It is such a shame because I absolutely love what it has done for my skin (flawless even during the time around my period), but the veins cause a large concern for me so I am heavily considering switching. 
Overall, I love Loryna for the shorter term, however if you plan to be on it for a few years, it may be concerning.

I also know someone else who was on Gianvi (another generic for Yaz) and the same thing happened to her regarding spider/varicose veins."
"After 10 years on citalopram working brilliantly, it &#039;pooped&#039; out on me. I was put on sertraline which made me 100 times worse and I felt like I was losing my mind. There were times when I was suicidal which never happened before. After 18 months of trying different medications I decided to try Paxil. I was nervous to be honest but I wanted to feel better than what I was. I have anxiety, depression which led to my OCD, mainly intrusive thoughts which were very distressing. I must say that after 2 weeks I have felt better than what I had done in ages. Still not 100% but it is early days. I know everyone reacts differently to medications but do not be put off by negative reviews, this might be the drug for you. I am so glad that I tried it."
"I started taking this medication due to a severe cough from a sinus infection.  It took two days to start working . I guess it has to get in your system good.  I love it and if I ever get a severe cough like this again,  I would definitely ask my doctor for a refill!!  Wonder drug!  #I&#039;mhappyandrelieved!!!"
"I took the medicine for 17 years after I had A VNS implant for my seizure disorder, the brand name medicine I considered to have the most positive experience in removing them overall, as the generic brand names had all side affects to my body by giving more seizure&#039;s &amp; head aces ."
"I had a baby at 39 and the change in lifestyle caused me much anxiety.  I love being a mom but was not used to the traditional wife/mom role and was very anxious about everyday situations with my daughter.  The medicine had helped me feel much more at ease with my adjustment to being a mom.  I just wonder how long I will have to be on it as each time I try to go off my anxiety returns.  I guess it is okay if I have to stay on it if it helps me and my family to be happier and more relaxed."
"Medicine works great, but after being on flecainde for weeks, I started getting a dry mouth and a cough."
"Diagnosed 2A/B MF 7/27/11. Prescribed 7 Targretin as initial dose- but put on gemfizibrol at same time. BAD MOVE. Crashed with triglycerides at 4600 ouch.
ceased immediately - but without &#039;stepping off&#039;. Developed huge water blisters on every patch and plaque- clobestasol for healing on p/pl. reduced to 3- too low-- increased to 4. Very steady progress for 17 mos; but personal stress relapsed to more patches. increased Targretin to 5- slept for 3 months until I was &#039;level&#039; again. All patches are gone. All plaques are gone.  My skin looks &#039;lightly tanned&#039;-
but in  a reverse pattern, haaa. It gave me my life &#039;back&#039; as far as MF can let it. I wish I would have started it the MOMENT I was diagnosed.  "
"I took my first dose of Cymbalta last night and woke up in the early morning seriously nauseated and actually vomited.  I went to work and I am struggling to stay awake.  I already nodded off a couple of times.  I don&#039;t think this med is going to work for me."
"I started taking the pills started March 22 with a weight of 254 Lb a month after 232 Lb weight fully recommended."
"I was given levaquin for a sinus infection and bronchitis.  After first dose the sinus pressure was gone and after the third dose the chest congestion was breaking up.  I am on the fourth day now and feel much better than I did five days ago.  I was also told to take Musenex.  Next time I wont wait two weeks before going to the doctor.  The only side effect I have is the itching all over, but that is much better than not being able to breath."
"Taking Harvoni has been truly a blessing. I couldnt afford the $95k price tag but luckily I got approved thru Support Path on the Harvoni website. I have been taking the pills for 10 weeks now with 2 weeks to go. I have not had and side effects except got a little bit sleepy after taking the pill but that only lasted for the first month. Before taking the pills my doctor told me my viral load was very high. My blood work after the first month showed the virus as undetectable. Couldn&#039;t be happier. My brain feels very clear and my energy is through the roof. I drink plenty of water everyday and have been going to the gym and also started eating healthy. I really didn&#039;t realize how sick I was until I started the meds."
"I am 47 years old and I have been suffering from urticaria since 2014. After lots of treatment now I am taking allegra 180mg twice a day...but only when I take allegra my itching reduces (does not completely vanish) but when I didn&#039;t take it again erupts. Is there no permanent treatment to it? How long one can take medicine.."
"So, so happy I researched my area and found a methadone clinic. The weekly amount you pay to receive your daily dose is far far less than what you would be spending elsewhere! Methadone did give me my life back. It only took about two months of it being in my system to me to feel as if I could start functioning again as a normal person, get up,Go to work, Cook dinner, Clean, then actually be able to sleep and do it again the next day. Thank you to those who do see people are trying to do the right thing and get sober!"
"I have tried just about every Bipolar Medicine there is out there and then some.   I am completely satisfied with this medicine.  All of the others had terrible side effects.  Neurontin, Zyprexa, Lithium, Tegretol, you name it I&#039;ve tried it.  It is very hard to get someone who is bipolar to take medicines due to the fact there are so many side effects.  In my opinion Abilify does what is says it supposed to do with no side effects.  Of course everyone is different.  This medicine works.  It keeps me from going high or low.  Most bipolar patients should probably be on an antidepressant, which is only my opinion since everyone is unique."
"I have been having depression for about 10 years. It took a long time to get the right one. Eventually I was put on Effexor XR. Started from 37.5 then finally 300mg per day. Effexor gave me a lot of side effects but I found it to be very good making me feel myself again. There was only one major problem, I got addicted to GAMBLING even from the day I started with 37.5. I was in major dept. I am now trying other medicines (Seroquel) but I am not the same anymore, very lazy, no motivation. Since I have stopped Effexor I have stopped gambling. And as for the depression, I am on trial with Seroquel. Wish me luck!!"
"Clonazepam is the best medicine I&#039;ve ever taken.  I&#039;ve been dealing with anxiety most of my life.  Clonazepam makes me more relaxed, eliminates my racing, worrying thoughts, and lets me get back to enjoying life again.  It even gets rid of my dizziness brought on by stress."
"have had good results in controlling foot pain,i have type 2 diabetics,and prescribed 50 mg 1 per day.i have had weight gain in 50 lb  range.eat very little,age 89 yrs     little exercise .works for me"
"After a set of failing antidepressants for 3 years, this seems to be the miracle pill for me. I started taking it 3 months ago and with almost no side effects ( nausea 1st week only). I could keep my job and manage family life. It doesn&#039;t make me dizzy or make me sleep . I&#039;m energetic and highly motivated. Staying on it for now."
"I have been taking Seasonique for over three years now. As much as I can say how great it is to only have my period four times a year, there&#039;s a lot that I do not like about it. I tend to have spotting for two to three weeks at a time during the active pills, even when I take them at EXACTLY the same time everyday. My period starts off great but then gets real heavy towards the end. Sex drive is non-existent for a few weeks at a time. And now I&#039;m paying three times as much as I did because I lost prescription coverage when I changed plans. I&#039;m calling my OB tomorrow and asking her to give me a script for something cheaper and a little more dependable."
"Was given Zofran for nausea in Recovery Room before going to same-day surgery unit prior to release.  Ended up with nausea, dizziness, vomiting &amp; shivering. After 2nd vomiting episode I  was given Phenergan &amp; was able to be released in another couple of hours."
"I have been on this birth control for over a year now and it is not working for me. I have no sex drive anymore. And on top of that I have very bad mood swings. It makes me a complete cow and I lose my temper very easily. This medication did not work for me."
"I rate this 9/10 because I haven&#039;t used it enough.  I have agoraphobia and anxiety/panic disorder.  Lately, it has been hard for me to leave my house and so I would get anxious inside the car and then at the destination.  Moment I woke, I took 0.5mg on an empty stomach to let it kick in while I brush, change clothes, and later eat.  By time I leave the house, I noticed I didn&#039;t feel any hesitation to step out.  The car ride was calm.  I didn&#039;t sweat, no feelings of wanting to panic.  I was able to browse clothes and shoes without having to do my usual breathing exercises to keep myself relaxed.  It enabled me to shop without worry, panic, and rushing.  I have only taken it twice, a month apart.  No drowsiness or sleepiness for me."
"I was on Lyrica 50- 75 mg 2- 3x/ day for fibromyalgia for over a year. Incidentally I didn&#039;t have any migraines while on it. I stopped Lyrica 7 months ago and have had migraines monthly since!"
"I started using the Vivelle-Dot patch after having a total hysterectomy.  Before starting the patch, I was having vaginal burning &amp; itching, hot flashes, and night sweats.  Within a week of starting the patch, all of these symptoms were resolved.  To date, I&#039;ve not experienced any side effects."
"This is the only thing that has worked!
A bit of gas, but no problems otherwise.  Insurance is not covering it because of the expense, but it is worth the expense to be regular again after years of trying everything under the sun.  24 mcg 2x daily with food and I&#039;m a happy camper!"
"I was put on Avelox after Augmentum didn&#039;t work over a period of time and my symptoms were worsening.  I had relief within twenty four hours.  I have found that Biaxin XL works well too if it is prescribed immediately instead of wasting time with Augmentin or Ceftin. Avelox is a big gun though, and should really only be used if other antibiotics fail."
"Started first half pill today...less appetite...goose bumps on arms....if it works on half do I hve to take full pill???"
"For the most part I would have to say that Paxil saved my life.  I suffered from severe panic attacks, several a day, for years.  I&#039;ve been on every anti-depressant and anti-anxiolytic out there but none helped like Paxil.  I have been on it for 12 years now.  The side effects that I have dealt with are an 80 pound weight gain over the period I have been on it, I crave food and carbs constantly, I yawn often throughout the day and experience fatigue that can get drop dead tired around the time of my menses.  I too have tried to get off of Paxil many times only to suffer severe withdrawal symptoms."
"My 6 yo tried this after Intuniv failed. It made him constantly tired and irritable, and actually made his impulsiveness worse since he just seemed cranky and emotional all of the time. It also constipated him to the point that ended up with fissures.

It never made a meaningful dent in his ability to concentrate or sit still, and he became more argumentative in school and less willing to comply.

I&#039;ve yet to meet anyone that these work for, but it sure would be nice if there were a non-stimulant that worked. We&#039;re on stimulants now and still haven&#039;t found a miracle there, either.

I will say that it didn&#039;t affect his appetite, which was nice."
"I have been on Sprintec for about a year and it&#039;s okay. My skin is absolutely perfect, but it has made me extremely emotional to the point where I can cry just thinking about something sad (something that would never happen to me before taking these pills) and my anxiety is just constantly on. I&#039;m glad to see that I am not the only one with these severe emotional symptoms coming from this pill."
"Was taking 10mg oxycodone 6 times a day for an operation that went horribly wrong. I was always dizzy nauseous and tired.  Started ocycontin 20mg twice a day and changed my life.  Less percs feel almost normal. Now if the pharmacists wouldn&#039;t treat US like dirt life would be good. Highly recommend"
"I suffer from insomnia and anxiety and was prescribed this as a sleep aid in a hospital once, which is when I discovered the pill&#039;s wonderful added bonus as having a slightly noticeable anti-anxiety effect. Usually doctors mention that when prescribing a new medicine, but this really was a great bonus. I just didn&#039;t like the weight gain, TOTAL mind/body grogginess and increased hunger ALL the following day. So I appreciated the anxiety effect and the help with sleep, but those effects (when pill is taken for a few months) slowly fade and no longer help. I pop one every so often when I need sleep now, but cannot rely on sleep medicines anymore due to such hangovers, so am off all night time medicines now. But this drug wasn&#039;t too bad for a while. Just be prepared to lose your tiny figure!"
"I broke my back when I was 16 and have had a total of 26 surgeries in my life. Have taken Darvocet for 46 yrs now and it has saved the day."
"I started taking the apidex in January.  I was prescribe 1 per day. My original weight was 305. I went for my follow  up on 1/27/17. From 1/21/17 untill 1/27/17 I had lost 2.5 lbs in 6 days. My next visit is on 2/28/17 I will let you know if I lost any more weight. I have not done any exercise but I do have a lot more energy. I can walk without giving out of breath. So I hope I have lost more."
"I was on levothyroxine for a year after my cancer surgery/thyroid removal. it was the worst year of my life.  I was seriously hating life, because I hurt every single day.  Muscle aches, swelling, every symptom you can imagine.  Weight gain was the worst.  

I fired my endo and waited two months to see the new one. If I wasn&#039;t married, I&#039;d propose to the man.  In three weeks my life has changed. I can go to the gym, and not feel like I have been hit by a truck.  No muscle aches. I have lost 9 lbs.  Brain fog is lifting.  I sleep better, and my I don&#039;t feel like a 47 year old stuck in a 90 year old body.  I will pay ANY amount of money and I will NEVER go back."
"I used the botox injections to get rid of the 3 lines between my eyes so that I didn&#039;t look like I was scowling all the time. Within a few days I experienced headaches, nausea, and extreme weakness (requiring bed rest for 3 days). Within a couple of weeks, I had vertigo. I guess I will not be able to use botox again. Oh, by the way, a year earlier I had the same symptoms, but thought it was only the flu. It was only this year that I put two and two together. I took only 17.5 units between the eyes to cause this."
"I was on every type of class of bi-polar medications and the side effects were worse than the condition.  I have been taking gabapentin at night for a year now and I love it. It does not make me fuzzy or groggy the next day and my moods are manageable most of the time. In the long term, I prefer gabapentin."
"I have been taking Exforge for about 24 months. When I first started taking Exforge my heart would race fast for the first three weeks. My blood pressure was controlled well for the next fourteen months. My BP started to rise again to higher levels than I was used to seeing 154/94 in docs office. Developed a chronic cough sore throat, and sinus issue lasting nearly six months. Misdiagnosed as strep, Flu, Bacterial infection, and then five months into it an allergist (the only doc that listened) tells me it is a common side effect for the Exforge. I stopped taking it today. Hopefully my symptoms will clear up in a few days, as a prior posting had written."
"Rash was very, very small bumps, some slightly visible but more so you could feel them more than see them. Itching is awful, it feels like ants crawling under my skin. This was after using this medication for a week. I had never used it before. It seemed to work somewhat but just taking it for a week wasn&#039;t really long enough to give a true report concerning how effective it was."
"Really worked for weight loss. You have to remember to eat. This medicine totally suppresses you appetite."
"Was throwing up after 45 minutes. It worked though for the weekend, but my head and tummy felt a little weird the following day. I will try taking a quarter dose at 2 different intervals next time. This was my first try"
"My GP tried me on several combinations of drugs combined with Ibuprofen over a 6 week period for Sciatica. Not until the Ibuprofen was substituted with Diclofenac did I get any signs of improvement. Taken with Omeprazole I have had no side effects."
"I got my Skyla put in 4 weeks ago. 23 years old. I am writing on here because I thought many reviews I read were very misleading, and I was very nervous beforehand, which I realize was not necessary.

First things first: Everyone&#039;s body is different! Some people are bound to have different experiences - so take every review with a grain of salt.

Insertion felt like a pretty severe cramp for about 5 minutes, but nothing that bad. Take Ibuprofen an hour before. I spotted for 2 weeks after, nothing serious. I have been getting random stomach pains / cramps -- maybe 1/2 times a week. Nothing too severe, its just caught me off guard.

I will write again in a few months, but as of right now, very happy with it."
"Started Chatix on April 17, 2013 with a quit date of May 1, 2013. Today is April 24th and my experience is going great. I never smoked much anyway, 3 to 6 smokes a day, but going through menopause and needing some relief requires me to stop smoking. I quit many times before cold turkey, but it seems this time has been the toughest because of other stressful situations in my life right now. But the Chantix has only given me an upset stomach and I can only remember one dream so far and it was quite pleasant. I had the experience another reviewer had...I was shopping!"
"Im on the one time 2000 mg dose and the taste is bad but i had just bought garlic hummus so i quickly popped a couple pita slices caked with hummus in my mouth and the taste was gone. Hummus is amazing. Its been 15minutes since ive taken it and im feeling a little tired but i timed it so i cant go straight to sleep and hopefully wake up symptom free!"
"It has done its job, I am not pregnant. I have had it since Jan of 2012 and my periods have been sporadic. The first year I spotted once every few months. Now into my second year of having it the spotting/light period will last months at a time. I have been bleeding with NO breaks since May. After my concern with the thought of having to go back to the dreaded routine of trying to remember taking a daily birth control pill wore off, I remembered the reason why I got the Implanon. To enjoy intimacy with my boyfriend without pregnancy. This doesn&#039;t happen with me bleeding more days out of the year than I am not. The ONLY complaint that I have is the spotting; I&#039;ve had no weight gain, no increase in acne, no mood swings, etc."
"This drug worked wonders for me! I had terrible insomnia, and was averaging only a few hours of sleep a night. I started taking 2mg of Lunesta a year ago. It helped me with anxiety and allowed me to get 8 hours of sleep a night.

I have always been afraid of forming a dependency on sleep aids, so after one year of using Lunesta I weaned myself off, just to put my mind to ease. It was very easy to do! I cut my pill in half for a few weeks, then stopped taking it. No withdrawal symptoms. I then decided to keep taking 1 mg but its comforting for me to know that I&#039;m not dependent on it.

Taking this drug was the best decision I ever made. If 
I swallow it immediately with water, I don&#039;t get a bad taste."
"My dr added buspar twice a day while on lexapro already. Took for about a week. Every time I took it about an hour later all I wanted to do was kill myself. It would go away for a while and then once I took it again, the same feelings came back. Took it for about a week and stopped after I couldn&#039;t take the feelings anymore. Feelings stopped immediately. Would never try this again."
"I tried Pristiq for 3 months with no good results. I have social anxiety disorder and typically only become anxious around people. When on this medication I became anxious 24/7 and the intensity of the anxiety increased. I also suffer from depression. This medication took away all of my good thoughts and negative ones as well. It left me feeling empty and like a robot. I could not talk to people. I have asperger&#039;s syndrome as well and almost lost the ability to speak when on this medication. It is horrible I would not recommend it for anyone who suffers from anxiety, depression, or aspergers."
"I have been taking medications that has side effects that keep me from having a bowel movement . I&#039;ve used plenty of different things to try and relieve my constipation and nothing has worked . I used this medication once and within 15 minutes I had a bowel movement . I highly recommend this product."
"Was on Brintellix 5 mg for two months. Had some improvement and the side effects weren&#039;t too bad but included nausea, diarrhea, insomnia, jittery feelings and loss of libido. Bumped it up to 10 mg at the advice of my Doctor and again had more improvement but the side effects increased and the hives started. At first I didn&#039;t realize it was the medication, though I had read the precautions. My memory and focus seemed better overall. After 4 months of the 10 mg I noticed a personality change. I became lazy, had no motivation and procrastinated important tasks. This was completely out of character for me. As time went on this got worse. Plus the cost was outrageous!!!

I have been off of the Brintellix for two weeks now and am improving."
"Felt better in 2 days ! This is a miracle for me. Suffered with terrible depression for years. Also had severe anxiety and panic attacks. I have NO side effects from Celexa. It is WONDERFUL from my personal experience."
"I was prescribed this drug for BV, which like many other women, I did not even know I had until a doctor told me! I had absolutely no symptoms other than a slight odor. I was prescribed Flagyl for 7 days (two 500mg pills a day). I started noticing side effects immediately! I would have given anything to feel the drowsy feeling that most women on this website said the felt because for me it was the complete opposite! I could not sleep at all, I felt like my heart was racing and my skin was crawling, it also made me feel like I had Restless Leg Syndrome and extreme nausea. Luckily on the 4th night with no sleep my sister gave me some of her Ambein and I finally slept. Side effects aside, the drug works wonders, BV was indeed cleared up."
"I&#039;m 42 and have never had bladder infection before. This medication worked exactly as prescribed, relieved the pain within hours. Minor discomfort still there but the pain is mostly gone."
"I strongly recommend that everyone uses this product. I am a very skeptical person when it comes to putting anything in my body, which is why I am so paranoid when it comes to many products. DeWitt&#039;s Pain Reliever though is handled by a 100 year old company though and that gives me a sense of security. For the effectiveness of this product, I can&#039;t give it anything less than 5 out of 5 stars because it has become my new aspirin. I use it for headaches and soreness all the time!"
"After the insertion I had mild bleeding then spotting for at least 2 wks, I also had leg pain and lower back pain for 2 wks after, just like the doctor said I would. The leg pain went away but the lower back I had it for the 
 6 months. I had major cramping every time  I was going to have bowel movement, never stoped spotting, had pain with like a pressure, my migraines got worse and more frequent, my appetite was lost due to feeling nauseous for the 6 months I lost 10lb, felt foggy, major anxiety and depression dark thoughts. The doctor told me these were &quot;weird&quot; symptoms and if I was sure I wanted it out. As soon as she pulled it out the pressure in my head left and I can&#039;t wait to start feeling better. It sadly did not work for me."
"While using Bactrim my acne cleared up very well and I was very happy. Unfortunately after a month I found out I was allergic to sulfa so I can&#039;t take it anymore. Sucks because it was the first thing I took that actually worked! Just my luck."
"Had drink while on antabuse. Felt nauseous, heart beat increased, blood shot eyes, headache. Never drank when taking again."
"I stopped after 15 days due to constipation and  abdominal pain. I lost no weight. It did nothing for me at all. After I stopped I went on an uncontrollable binge for several days. I was eating things I hadn&#039;t had in a year - ice cream, chips. I felt out of control.   I went back to the phentermine and that has helped stop the binge eating.. I wish I had never tried this med and wasted my money."
"Pamelor works great for anxiety panic attacks. It calms you down and helps you to be able to think clearly to calm yourself down. You need to make sure that your doctor is giving you the proper mg amount for your panic attack disorder. I will not stop taking this. I highly recommend this for people to try."
"I was on birth control for about 15 years and decided to stop to give my body a break.  I got pregnant during that time and I started taking this birth control after I had my baby.  I&#039;ve been on it about  5 months now.  So far, the only good things is it has kept me from getting pregnant and cleared up my skin.  The bad things....it has made me gain some weight, I now start to get my period before my pills are done, I feel like I am sweatier and it has given me large painful cysts under my right armpit.  I am debating whether or not to get off of this pill or give it a little bit more time."
"Ive been taking Paxil for around 3 years now,Im under 18 by the way for people who say its not safe,For my Anxiety,the first 2 years i was on it i was on 20mg,then sometime in 2015 switched it to 40mg,Now im on 60mg,and ive never been better,as far as anxiety goes,Ive tried Zoloft and it did nothing but give me more anxiety,I was on Latuda with it and i had to stop the latuda because I had horrible side effects to it,Ive never had a bad reaction to Paxil,maybe other than slight weight gain.
If your going to take Paxil for Depression i wouldent recommend it,but everyone its different,its never helped as far as depression goes,it does slightly help now that im on the 60mg,but im still looking for a anti-depressant to go with it."
"Let me start off by saying that NOT EVERYONE reacts the same way to the same medication. NOW that being said, Paxil was a LIFE SAVER for me! I am 30 now, and I started taking Paxil when I was 19. The first medication Dr. tried for me was Zoloft, which made my Anxiety get SO much worse! I was terrified to being with feeling CONSTANT WORRY, fast heartbeat, racing thoughts. So after 3 days of Zoloft I quit, went back to my doctor and we tried Paxil. IT SAVED MY LIFE, I felt the unneeded worries of the world lift off of my back, racing thoughts stopped, my heartbeat slowed, I could organize my thoughts. It was like I had calmed down for the first time in my life AND IT WORKED IN HOURS FOR ME(don&#039;t expect same results, but you never know!)."
"Lexapro made me feel normal again. I was severely depressed and so scared I would never feel normal again. I started at 5mg and worked up to 15mg over a few months. At three months I felt like me again. It was a roller coaster getting there with good days and down days where I never thought I would feel like me again. But the three month mark I feel great! I promised myself that when I felt good again, I would share my experience. Hang in there, you will feel good again just give it time. And when you have a down moment, think of happy times and remember you will get better. Side effects initially was yawning a lot. I can finally sleep again and I gained my weight back because I actually want to eat again. Life is good now. Thank you lex!"
"I started this medication last night not effective I fell asleep for a half hour then wide awake nasty taste in my mouth feel like crap all day and depression I&#039;ll try it one more night if it does not work tonight I&#039;m definitely going to stop taking it and try something else I have severe insomnia I was on Ambien for 2 years build up a tolerance so I&#039;m trying others."
"Taking the shot is convenient because you only have to get it every few months. It definitely does its job in preventing pregnancy! I am on my third month of being on the shot and I am choosing to switch to the pill. I never broke out in the past, but since starting the shot, my acne has been awful. I got my period twice a month and broke out twice a month. Periods were light with light cramps (compared to when I wasn&#039;t on birth control and had severe cramps). The worst part is that before getting my period, my WHOLE body would ache. I get headaches every day since getting the shot. My appetite before getting my period had significantly increased and I have been gaining weight. No thanks depo!"
"I am 43 years old, dropped out of high school, had many bad relationships, many bad decisions, and could never finish 1 thing when I started it, could never be organized, could never remember things when first told, always lost things or misplaced them, tripped over my own feet, and was never good at keeping appointments, I would forget about them. I have been on Adderall for 4 years, had my ups and downs with it, have had to change the dose some, go off of it on my days off, because it got to where it wasn&#039;t working as well, and if I medicated myself, I took to much, or not enough. I do notice a BIG difference in the generic, even though they say its the same. Adderall XR has worked wonders for me, and has changed my life."
"Bulging disc in my neck flares up once a month or so hurting so bad even my eyes and ears hurt. Esgic Plus locks the pain out without knocking me out."
"I started noticing the weight loss end of January. I weighed at 235 and was down to 220 in a month without trying to diet! Or excise. I was taking 100mg then up to 200, and now 300. I weigh 209 to this date. 26 pounds in 56 days. my mind is foggy, I feel like a zombie, some days I can clean for 5  hours, I have migraines when I&#039;ve never had them before in my life, my knees are in pain, throat hurts, numb feeling over all my body. Doctors screw you over so be careful. I&#039;m on a vegan diet for the past 5 days will update after another few months to see more of the symptoms and weightloss :)"
"Enbrel worked for me like a miracle for about 8 years, possibly a little longer. Unfortunately, it seems to no longer be effective. I am about to switch to something else, not sure what. And so my rating of 5 indicates that it worked well, but lost effectiveness. I truly thought I was finished with psoriasis, but it was back."
"I was given 10mg for my ankle swelling after a fall.  Too, that ankle had an old injury.  I&#039;ve only been on the 10mg for two days.  The ankle is not swelling.  Plus, the side effect is that my chronic back pain, arthritis, is much less!  The ankle was also expertly wrapped by foot doctor.  No swelling. I can walk better than ever!  I am 80 years young!"
"I was diagnosed with ADD in my late 30&#039;s. Began taking Concerta and slept normally for the first time in my life. After getting therapeutic, I discovered what being &quot;normal&quot; was like. I was able to make goals, organize, follow through and complete multiple tasks. I am now in my late 40&#039;s and amaze others at how organized I have become. Now, instead of constantly running around in circles and looking busy, I actually get my tasks completed and often assist with the tasks of others. Thanks Concerta."
"I&#039;m 15 years old and took this to regulate my period and so far it has worked. I can&#039;t exactly say if it&#039;s &quot;good&quot; as this is my first birth control pill. I do have to say that in the first month I gained 5 pounds and haven&#039;t been able to lose it despite a lot of running and gym time. No nausea or fatigue, everything seems pretty normal. The only problem is mood swings. I have regularly been sad and depressed, crying all the time and not in a good mood. I feel like overall it was a good pill, but these mood problems are really starting to affect everything (school grades, friendships, and boys). Really hoping it ends soon!"
"This medication did not help me with my pain,  peroid. I took up to 400mg at once and still no relief but it did make me feel nauseated and gave me a headache. It&#039;s synthetic and really more like a weak antidepressant. I was prescribed it to alternate with my Hydrocodone 10mg tabs. I stopped my Norco for a 2 week period to give Tramadol a chance but it never worked. This stuff is rubish! No it&#039;s not equal to Codeine. I have taken Codeine and Tramadol is entirely different in effect. Sorry I&#039;ll stick to true Morphine based pain meds like Codeine, Hydrocodone, Oxycodone, etc. Even synthetic Darvocet worked better than this stuff!"
"My mum has been on this medicine for 8 weeks now and her cognitive thinking and problem solving has become more fluent, she also looks much more alert."
"I love lexapro. I started taking it when I was 14 from severe anxiety and OCD. My doctor basically begged my parents to put me on medication because I could not leave the house. I&#039;m now 20 years old and about 6 months ago I thought I no longer needed the lexapro because I was feeling better. WHAT A MISTAKE. After the taper my OCD came back just as bad as it was when I was 14. So my Pdoc put me on prozac. It made me manic. I then tried Brintellix, again it made me crazy. So I went back to the lexapro and yes the start up side effects suck, headache, dizzy (that woosh feeling in you brain), upset stomach and brain fog, and every time I bumped  up the dose I had an increase in anxiety, but after 5 weeks I finally have my life back. Stick it out!!!!"
"I wasn&#039;t able to use the bathroom for 3 days. Today I went to the dollar store to buy me some cherry magnesium citrate saline laxative. I drink 6oz of it and 42oz of water and hour later I was able to use the bathroom. 2 hours after that I had diarrhea. Thank God I was able to use the bathroom! No, more constipation."
"I have been on apri for a year and was recently put on another then forced back do to a recall, I was so sad to be put back on apri. While off for 2 months, my weight had gone down, and sex drive went back to normal, and I head energy again. now back on for not even a month and everything is getting messed up again. It&#039;s not the pills fault, but you may notice weight gain, feel sluggish, and a lower sex drive if your body reacts to this the same way I do. :( it&#039;s time to figure out something else.... My body and relationship can&#039;t go thu this again."
"I wanted to post because I was so afraid from the negative reviews I read before getting Nexplanon. With that being said, I highly recommend this product. The last time I posted I stated that I was bleeding for about 9 days. The light spotting lasted for about 3 weeks. Then nothing for 3 weeks, and it started again for about 2 weeks. Since then (2 months) I have not had any sporting. Besides the trials in the beginning, I am very pleased with this product. No mood swings, no acne, no low sex drive and no periods!"
"I&#039;ve been on contrave since January 2016, starting weight of 253lbs. I&#039;m down to, and holding at 185 lbs!

I&#039;ve had a few minor side effects such as headaches and minor nausea but it lessened to the point of being almost unnoticeable. 

One positive side effect is my libido has increased tremendously. I feel like I&#039;m 18 years old again and my wife simply can&#039;t believe it. Not sure if she is happy about it or not. My physician told me it&#039;s likely a placebo effect, but if I&#039;m happy, then no worries. Oh, yeah, I&#039;m happy."
"I have been on victoza for about a month and have lost 10lbs. No real problems don&#039;t eat much but I like it. Think about going up on it and see how that does."
"I started taking it on March 17th and was weighed in at 178lbs. Since I am only 5 foot tall you would say I was rather large. I just went for my 3 week check up and have lost 8 pounds. The only side effects have been sleeplessness and dry mouth, which in turn was a good thing. Now I drink lots of water and before I didn&#039;t drink any water. This stuff really works. I would recommend it to anyone who has a weight problem."
"prednisone did help my 2yrs old daughter go into remission with nephrotic syndrome thank god , and she was on lasiks and melatonin and blood pressure meds for a short time . the side effects were weight gain, spurts of anger and aggression and a lot of whinning . she completely changed ! I&#039;m definetly looking into other meds if this does come back . do your homework and check statistics on meds and how many children have been tested using all the meds . thanks"
"My husband is currently hospitalized for the 3rd time in 15 months. Thanks to Invega, I had the first real conversation with him last night in over a year. He says he finally has a clear head and he feels great! Hopefully, this is our answer. I am keeping my finger crossed."
"I started taking Phentermine 6 weeks ago. I have only lost 6 lbs. However, I feel like I&#039;m on an emotional roller-coaster and I&#039;m not sure if it is because of the medication. Some days I just want to cry for no reason at all. It also makes me sleepy. Not jittery. I have always had trouble sleeping so I can&#039;t say it has caused my insomnia. It does make you not hungry though. I have to remind myself to eat. Sex drive seems to be disappearing too. "
"I started using this alesse when I got pretty moderate/severe acne (no cysts though). This product worked okay for me, its very low dose so it didn&#039;t make a huge difference for me. It did improve my acne (I only had light/moderate acne) but I coupled it with minocycline and topical clindamycin with benzoyl peroxide and the retin-A gel (0.05%). I&#039;m not entirely sure which made my face better. Alesse helped keep my weight down and I had no side effects. I switched to yaz because I heard it was better for acne (which it was) but then I got crazy mood swings and emotions so I switched back. Now it isn&#039;t as effective on me. I&#039;m now looking to switch to ortho tri-cyclen! I would recommend this product!"
"I&#039;m 5&#039;10 and 298 lbs. tried all diets and failed at all of the. Decided to try Belviq. My doctor was against it because he was worried about side effects. I told him I was in more danger by not losing the weight. I Was really worried as I was also starting a new job and needed to travel 90% of the time. Eating on the road and everyone warned me when they started they all gained weight. I decided that wasn&#039;t going to get worse! I&#039;ve been out my first week and started Belviq at the same time. It&#039;s day five and I&#039;m never hungry no cravings a and it&#039;s amazing. I have no idea how it will continue and no idea if I&#039;ve lost anything but my rings fit better and my watch slides around already. I won&#039;t be able to weigh for 2 weeks  so I&#039;ll keep u posted."
"I&#039;ve only taken latuda for 4 days. I&#039;d been diagnosed with bipolar several times in the last decade but too scared to try other meds. Was on Lexapro which made me feel warm and bundled up but not myself. I don&#039;t know how to say this but I&#039;m feeling better than I have for 10 years. I forgot what it was like to be me. Taking it at night because it make me feel sleepy for a few hours. I just do things rather than want to sleep or come up with reasons not to do them. I found myself smiling today without a reason. I&#039;m hoping this positive reaction will continue. If so I can&#039;t believe what a great drug this is."
"So far it is getting better 3 weeks in on a 12 week treatment tired after taking meds but feel a lot better in the daytime I hate taking meds but didn&#039;t have a problem in my partying days to try whatever!!! Very stupid back then Iam grateful for this drug and pray it works and I will contin to feel Better brain fog is better. Good luck all."
"I had taken this medication before so I thought I knew what to expect. I&#039;m 24 and have tried various types of BC. Although the patch was less inconvenient then taking a pill daily, the side effects weren&#039;t worth it. I immediately gained 3 pounds (within the first week), I broke out ALL over my face, I&#039;ve had three large cysts on my face, it made me irritable and caused severe insomnia. My dermatologist and I were both surprised with how much acne it gave me. Absolutely wouldn&#039;t recommend this product to anyone, ever!"
"I knew there was going to be a little nausea at first, and yes, t was bad. But it cleared up after the first week. The next month, it came back worse, and extended into the month past that first week. The third month, my first week I could only lay around and vomit. Pros: my breasts and butt look great, good birth control, regulated period with wayyy less pain. Cons: severe nausea &amp; vomiting, couldn&#039;t eat right for months, my normally short periods became long. If you are still dealing with nausea well into the second month, consider changing medications."
"Male, late 40&#039;s.  Earlier summer events created extended stress that eventually broke me.  Every morning I&#039;d wake with sweat rolling down my neck, lost my appetite and the worst-case scenario of everything played in my mind.  I&#039;m normally the &quot;rock&quot; that everyone turns to.  Started with Wellbutrin for 2 weeks but that left me with heightened anxiety.  Spent a couple weeks on Propranolol / Klonopin but that &#039;s not a long term solution.  Started 10 mg Lexapro (generic) and after 5 1/2 weeks, nothing but crazy emotional swings.  Switched to 20 mg and after about 2 weeks noticed a distinct change.  Greatly reduced symptoms so far.  Skeptical as I was, this stuff actually works."
"I smoked for 40 years. I got a prescription for Chantix  used it and was smoke free after 2 weeks. Finished the prescription 5 years later. Haven&#039;t touched a cigarette since and had no side effects during or after BEST THING I EVER DID FOR MYSELF. Thank you for giving my life BACK. "
"Provigil (Modafinil) was an absolute miracle for me to help me control my Multiple Sclerosis related fatigue. I have taken it for nearly 14 years with no side effects whatsoever (200mg two times a day). I liked that it never made me feel edgy, jumpy or nervous and I especially liked that I could still sleep with a 200mg dose on board as well so it didn&#039;t absolutely control my sleep patterns. Helpful. Effective. Cost prohibitive if unable to get insurance coverage for it. I have only recently stopped taking Modafinil due to my insurance (which I have the same company for the last 10 years) company not covering Modafinil for off-label uses (crazily, MS Fatigue being one of them?). So far, I am not at ALL impressed by any of the &quot;substitutes&quot;."
"This is my first experience with birth control, and so far it has been a very positive one.  I have been on it for about 2 months.  Before I had breakouts all of the time, and only a few days after starting this, I noticed that my acne had close to disappeared. Also, I used to have some problems with facial hair. That also has disappeared. I have had no mood swings, weight gain, or decrease in sexual drive or wetness. My weight has actually been easier to maintain, and I have lost about 10 pounds. All in all, this has been a great pill for me."
"I will never take this medicine again. I was given some 15 mg samples to try. Was on Lunesta, but it wasn&#039;t working. Belsomra did indeed help me sleep, but the am grogginess was terrible. I slept at least 8 hours the night before, but couldn&#039;t concentrate. I was in a fog all day. I fell asleep at the wheel twice and ran right through a red light at a busy intersection. It took all day for this medicine to wear off. Wouldn&#039;t recommend it to anyone."
"I had very irregular periods accompanied by cramps so bad they caused vomiting. I have been on Junel for 3 1/2 years and have had significantly reduced cramps and a lighter, regular period. I do still break out but not worse than I did before starting the medication. I have experienced no other side effects."
"I started taking this birth control almost 2 years ago. I was very nauseous for the first few weeks but it subsided and seemed to be going great! A few months ago, I missed one pill and took 2 within a few hours of each other and ended up throwing up (my own fault). Lately, I have been struggling with horrible anxiety (18 years old about to leave for college) and I have had awful nausea and low sex drive with my boyfriend. I am not sure if these are symptoms of my birth control or just anxiety. Around the time my period tracker says I&#039;m ovulating, my discharge seems to be very thick and mucus like. I&#039;m not sure this is normal. Otherwise, absolutely affordable and seems to be reliable!"
"I began experiencing acne when I turned 35. Of course I thought this was odd due to being midway to 40, so I dealt with it long as I could. I tried Proactive, it work for a while, Neutrogena, nothing was happening. It was almost like my face took turns into which side would break out first. I  was always self conscious and began wearing make up to master the acne and the dark spots. Finally I became frustrated and decided to see a dermatologist for my never ending battle with my face. The Dermatologist recommended I try Doryx and Aczone. At first I did not see any change but it has now been almost three weeks and I notice a difference. Waiting for better results."
"I put off getting the IUD for a few months because of all the reviews that I&#039;ve read about them. Well I bit the bullet and got it because how am I supposed to know if I&#039;ll have all the problems that other ladies have had if I don&#039;t try it? 
Having it put in was easy, maybe 2 minutes. After though I did get sweaty, shaky and I did throw up a few times. I had a friend drive me as I had horrid cramps. I went home, took a Tylenol and slept it off! Day 2 was the odd cramp. I&#039;m a week in and no cramps. still spotting here and there but that&#039;s normal
Don&#039;t be scared. Try it out and if it&#039;s not for you, you can have it removed. I made an appointment to talk to the obgyn about the IUD before I was even positive on getting it. Don&#039;t worry :)"
"Good."
"Having been on Estelle-35 for nearly a year (which gave me the worst acne of my life, 10 x worse than it already was), I decided to change to Yaz. I&#039;m in my third month of taking it and I think I&#039;ve broken out (4-6 spots at the same time) twice, whereas before I was getting 4-6 new spots per day. No initial breakouts. Only had one cyst in nearly three months.

The only side effect was my fault - I didn&#039;t wait until my period to start taking them and had breakthrough bleeding for around three weeks. 

I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain, headaches etc.

If you&#039;re deciding whether to try the pill for your acne, just do it. Seriously. It&#039;s done wonders for my confidence and anxiety, and I can actually look people in the eye now!"
"My blood pressure reduced significantly and quickly just days after first starting this medication. With two younger children and staying home all day with them, this medication is truly a lifesaver. I don&#039;t like taking pills however dedicating precious time to go on a diet and exercise was not an option."
"Well I&#039;ve been on this medication for three days now. I can tell today that my mood has gone up like way up. I do notice it&#039;s hard to sleep or stay a sleep. I maybe have gotten 5 hours each night since I&#039;ve started. But I feel alive and ambitious."
"Got injection at ER for migraine. Worked fast and took the edge off the pain. The worst part was the actual shot, intense pressure and burning for about 15 mins due to it being injected into muscle. I&#039;ll probably be sore for a few days.. otherwise effective, fast acting medicine."
"Contrave had the opposite intended effect on me. I had been dieting and exercising with no help and lost 70 lbs, my appetite was down and I had not cheated for months. Then my doctor pleased with my success decided to prescribe me Contrave to give me that extra little push. This was a mistake, I already had a suppressed appetite due to a strict diet that I had grown used to, within 1 week of taking Contrave I was cheating on my diet, my cravings were going through the roof. Like most people it did make me sick occasionally but that wasn&#039;t the big issue. I took Contrave for around 2 months and ended up gaining about 20 lbs. back that I had lost. It may help with starting a diet, but if you&#039;re already losing weight without it DO NOT take it."
"It really works! I smoked or dipped daily for the past twenty years. I was on Chantix for six weeks and have been nicotine free for 5 weeks. Crazy dreams and very irritable so decided to stop Chantix. It does it&#039;s job!"
"I was 23 when I started this birth control. It was my first time using it and I was terribly afraid of getting pregnant while on this. Surprisingly after almost a year of using it and turning 24, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, my skin looks the best it&#039;s ever looked and my periods are finally regular. there is some heavy spotting that comes unpredictably and heavy cramping at times but it works and if you have insurance it should be free. i take it at the same time every day. i used a condom the first month so my body could get used to it."
"I broke my knee, and all the cartilage came out of the back, I hate NARCOTICS,  having bipolar issues, as well, . Ultram is right in the middle, takes pain away , ENOUGH, so I don&#039;t have to concentrate on me!"
"I started  smoking during a time when it was  no big deal, it was the cool thing to do. Try as hard as I could so many times during those years, watching my father die from cancer there was nothing stronger than my addiction to  smoking. In 2007 As a Christmas gift to my mother  I planned to  surprise  her with  my quitting smoking. I Tried Chantix, Did not need the 10 days  of  still smoking, I stopped  all together after 6 days. I stopped smoking December 20, 2007. It was the Last  time I  was able to give my  mom a Christmas gift. Mom died May 9th 2008.  So happy that gift was in time, for her and I hope for me."
"My rating so far is just for the first dose. After a &quot;light&quot; breakfast of toast, I&#039;ve only had liquids to drink and the first prep was at 6pm. I am so glad I found these reviews first because I took the advice and it really helped. I chilled the bottle of prep and a can of Sprite which was my fluid mixer. I used a straw which was a lifesaver. So glad I wasn&#039;t shocked by the taste, thanks to the reviews. Finally got the dose down, brushed teeth, chewed gum. Action began about one hour later. Next dose is at 6 am and I really dread it. I had a full blown headache (probably related to no food and no coffee-can&#039;t drink w/o cream) that was finally resolved about the time the first dose was due. Dreading the next dose worse than the colonoscopy."
"Works great."
"Tablet doesn&#039;t work at all waste of money"
"Cymbalta, unfortunately, did not work for my general anxiety disorder.  I took it for two months.  The worst part was that it made me feel nothing and my other medications less effective.  The good part was that it made my frequent urination decrease--probably because it made a lot of me feel numb including my bladder."
"I had a short cervix which caused me to deliver early. So at the beginning of this pregnancy my Dr offered Makena. She said if i was even thinking about it i should go ahead and start the process so by 16 weeks everything would be ready to go.FYI i started shots at 17 weeks. The injections only hurt if i didn&#039;t relax my mussels which was only twice. We alternated sides every week. I am now 37 weeks and 4days no baby yet but i had false labor after 36 weeks. It worked gteat for me! Thanks Makena"
"Was given Z pack for Bronchitis. Didn&#039;t really help with it. Made me have diarrhea. Made me sick to my stomach, terrible metallic taste and sinus mucus. It was like it was  toxic on my system. I also got a bladder infection after taking it. Probably killed all the good bacteria in my gut. Never again."
"I got my gallbladder removed a little over 2 years ago. I could not eat anything. Most drinks would even make me sick. I have seen several doctors, but the GI doctor gave me Welchol and I take two 625mg pills twice a day with food. I no longer have to watch what I eat. I have been prescribed several meds prior to Welchol, but nothing helped. 4 pills sounds like a lot, but if needed I can even take 6 pills per day. I never have to take more than 4 though. Ask your doctor for these. You will not be sorry!"
"Very good pain killer."
"I have been on this medication for about a year. Previously, was  on BeYaz and Yaz (both of which have terrible reviews but personally I loved both). The Blisovi is free with my insurance and is why I switched.  I am in the same boat with everyone else that has been taken this...not happy. I&#039;ve experienced weight gain, tender boobs and, a supper spotty period. No tampon needed but maybe a lite one every now and again.  I just can&#039;t stand not know if I&#039;m going to spot and having to wear panty-liners everyday is really annoying.  Long story short I am stuck with this until I have new insurance or cough up a fee every month for Yaz again.
 Good Luck Ladies"
"This is the worst birth control I have been on. I would not recommend this birth control to my worst enemy. I was on it for 3 months and had the worst mood swings, depression and worst acne that I still suffer from even after 2 months being off it. I never usually write reviews online but knew I had to warn anybody thinking about going on this product. I had such a clear face before I began this birth control, a few minor zits during my period but that&#039;s normal for anybody, but after this I still have red cystic acne... It&#039;s horrible. I used to be able to wear no makeup, no I can&#039;t even leave the house without makeup because I&#039;m too self conscious of my acne. DO NOT GO ON THIS BIRTH CONTROL."
"This has worked amazingly for my hormonal acne (cystic acne on the sides of my chin). Ive been taking it for about a year now and I get the odd zit here and again but for the most part its cleared up. Most effective treatment I have ever used for acne. I dont bother taking the sugar pills or skip a week, I just go right to the next pack as recommended by my doctor."
"I suffered with terrible, suicidal depression and post traumatic stress disorder. I cannot believe how much better I feel on this medicine."
"The reason I gave it an eight is not that it does a thing for my anxiety due too an MVA. I gave it an eight because I take two 25mg at night which helps me sleep."
"Nuvaring is effective in pregnancy prevention. However, the side effects were bad. The first month was fine with only one bad side effect (diarrhea) and I wasn&#039;t too sure if it was even from my birth control that month. It was never listed as a side effect. When I got my period it was light and lasted only about 2 1/2days. 2-3 months side effects started to kick in, more abdominal cramps, normal discharge, extreme bloating very often, nausea, and headaches. Along with these I became extremely irritant/very grumpy, major loss in appetite, and when I did eat the diarrhea would hit (severely). Eventually I had horrible back pain, and became very depressed and negatively impacted on my life."
"Overall great medication, keep it at a small dose use only when you really need it. First try fighting your anxiety and then if that doesn&#039;t help, use your medicines. This drug has been proven to become addicting, I hope this has helped some out there like me suffering from panic attacks and anxiety."
"Hi Ladies,

I just got my Skyla inserted today by my gyno. I was so nervous reading the reviews of how everyone (almost everyone) had a negative experience with the insertion process. 

To be prepared for the pain...I took 800mg of Ibuprofen and 1000mg of Tylenol 40 mintues before my procedure. I asked my doctor if was going to hurt and she said &quot;Yes, you are in a doctors office&quot; to break the ice.

The only painful part was when they had to open my vaginia up for the spectrum which always hurt when I get my annual Pap smear then the pain goes away. After that my dr explained the process what she was doing and ask me if this hurt and I was like no, was it suppose to??? She was like that&#039;s great then and we had a pleasant conversation."
"I have taken Tri Sprintec for 2 months and I refuse to start the third month. It makes me terribly nauseous, to the point where I will throw up about 4 times a day. (it happened so often I thought I was actually pregnant, which I am not). I have never been a sad person but since I started taking this pill I have been extremely depressed and have had terrible mood swings. It also causes tenderness of my boobs that I&#039;ve never felt before and is extremely uncomfortable. Everyone&#039;s bodies are different but I had a horrible experience with this pill."
"I have been on Wellbutrin now for 6 days. I was amazed how wonderful I felt on the first day I took it. I had been on  another medicine for 6 months and it never help my depression so my Doc. put me on this one. I feel like a real person again. The only I am having trouble with is chirpping in my ears and foggy head. It is hard to keep my thoughts together sometimes."
"I take Wellburtin XL 150mg and Pristiq and have been since 2009.  Tried to go off of Pristiq twice because my sodium level is a bit low.  Within a month of being off of Pristiq I got my old anxiety attacks, panic, insomnia, etc., so the positive definitely outweighs the negative.  Hopefully, my sodium will be corrected now that I&#039;m seeing a specialist for it, but for me Pristiq and Wellbutrin XL work wonders and I don&#039;t plan to go off either ever again."
"Overall, I would say good but there are noticeable side effects; 
- Dermatographic urticaria which became chronic (now prescribed Phenergan to cope with this)
- Trouble swallowing at times; feels stuck throat and chest
- Body jolts (like falling off a cliff/bike in dream) a
- Body aches (like day after the gym)
It took me a while to associate these with the pills but no doubts about it now
Need to be disciplined to take everyday, same time.  Otherwise the jolts and aches kick in."
"Within the first month I started getting incredibly emotional, moody, breast tenderness and spotting. Not to mention my acne is out of control. I usually get only one or two pimples, but now have 7 huge ones on my face. Switching to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo..hope it makes my acne better. "
"I suffer from Panic Disorder with Agoraphobia and Generalized Anxiety Disorder and some Social Anxiety. I have severe panic attacks and they come on out of no where with no warning. Ill get the derealization in my head and wont know whats going on or feel out of body, dizzy, heart will race, extreme feeling of dying. It will actually physically make me sick. My dr. put me on Klonopin 2mg 1 tab 5 times daily when I was 19 and its a wonder drug. I&#039;m 23 now and I&#039;m not panic free completely but when I feel it coming I take a tablet and the fear is all gone in 20 minutes. I&#039;m 23 now and if you take it properly it will help you greatly. Anxiety runs in my family and its a terrible thing. My life is normal thanks to Klonopin."
"I loved how convenient this was, one shot every three months, but, look into ANY birth control before you put anything in your body. I thought all was well for about a week and then I started heavily bleeding. I bled nonstop for the whole three months, and my gyno told me that the bleeding wouldn&#039;t stop anytime soon, even if I switch birth control. I&#039;ve read that the bleeding is caused by the progesterone only in the shot, so some women need an estrogen supplement or a different method of birth control that contains estrogen (I&#039;m on the patch now) to counteract the bleeding. My cramps were not as bad on the shot, but, they were still there and occurred more often than before I started on the shot."
"I have been on Oxazepam for 15 yrs. Diagnosed with Anxiety and PTSD. - In the beginning it really worked well. Now that I am in my 60&#039;s  I want to come off of it. My quality of life is not the same. I take only 10mgs per day. I have tapered off. to one a day. I have gained about 40lbs. -  I was very productive and  a responsible person at one time in my life and that&#039;s when it helped. but now I am just lifeless. Taking this medication for long periods of time is not good. And to come off of it well lets just say, almost impossible. for me anyway. I would say talk to your doctor about another anti-anxiety medication that is not so addictive. Its horrible to be codependant on a  drug of this nature."
"Best sleeping product on the market today!"
"I&#039;ve been on Latuda for 5 weeks now first week 20 mg second week 40 mg the third week 80 mg the fourth week 120 mg 5th week 160 mg. Side effects of sedation, constipation. It has not started to uplift my mood I wonder how long will it take for it to motivate me. No increase in my appetite thank God."
"I&#039;m going through peri-menopause at 46 and have put on 25lbs over the past few years. No amount of diet or exercise could help me lose this extra weight. I exercise each day just to not gain any more weight. Seeing that I was struggling with this issue, my Dr. prescribed Qysmia. First few weeks, I did feel a little tired and foggy, but got through it. On 7.5 mg now and have lost 9 lbs in 19 days. My appetite has been squashed like I never expected! When I eat a meal, I cannot finish all on my plate because I feel full very quickly. I still have a half glass of red wine at night though. No desire for sweets or carbs."
"I&#039;ve been taking Tapenadol (palexia) moderate release for about 6 months now. I was previously prescribed Transtec 35micogram/hour which after 3 years stopped working. I suffer from chronic pancreatitis and for a 30 yr old man is a lot to suffer from such a young age. Anyway I found palexia to be an extremely helpful pain killer. Having said that I feel they last no where near the 12hour half life they claim to provide relief for. I currently take 2x150mg MR per day. I strongly feel I would benefit from an IR pain killer during the day. I am aware that there is a IR version of Tapenadol although I feel I would get more benefit from 2-3 oxynorms per day to fill the void I&#039;ve been left with in my pain management. Any1 else feel the same??"
"Great"
"Worst experience ever!!!! I got a yeast infection on my wedding night and tried using the 1 day treatment just to wake up in paradise the next day burning!!! When you urinate your whole vagina feels like it&#039;s burning out!!! Worst ever!!!"
"Really did a great job in reducing inflammation caused by mouth sores, but had  significant difficulties sleeping. Was given 10 mg IV weekly during chemo session, and took 4 mg twice daily afterward, for about one month. Stopped taking on a Wednesday (cold turkey) and by Saturday was experiencing edginess, some depression. Took until Sunday evening to really get back into a positive attitude. Probably should have told doctor that I wanted to phase out. It really works, but be watchful of mood swings."
"Methadone is a life saver. I would have died without it."
"I started taking paroxetine about 5 years ago because I was lasting 2 mins in bed with my gf.  I never had that problem before but it was happening all the time.  My doctor told me I had anxiety and put me on paroxetine. Since then I have felt great and never looked back. The premature ejaculation went and I felt much better. I had always had negative panicky feelings but just thought it was normal and everyone felt like this but since starting it I have felt great.  It can be hard if you just stop the side affects are pretty bad but I am happy to keep on taking it because it works for me....hope this was helpful ;)"
"2 thumbs up!"
"Second time having chlamydia and absolutley the last! First time round I suffered from terrible diarrhoea, to the point where I actually couldn&#039;t hold it in (how embarrassing). Now it has been around 3 hours and I have a mild stomach ache and I feel sleepy. The drug is effective, as I already know, but the side effects are a pain. Couldn&#039;t stress enough to just have protected sex, none of this is worth it and boys can and will lie! Stay safe."
"This drug has changed my life. I have ADD and depression. I used to not be able to get out of bed for a week at a time. Now I&#039;m loving life hanging out with friends and happy for the first time in a long time. I&#039;ve tried a few other ADD medicines they didn&#039;t really help me. I like the Methyln generic much more than any of them.  The only problem I have with it is that I don&#039;t like to stop taking it and go to bed, kinda like addicted to it while on it, but ONLY when I&#039;m on it. Before I could go all day and not crave it, been on it a year now. It&#039;s just when I take my first one hard for me to not want to stay on it because I enjoy life so much more."
"I&#039;ve decided to stop taking this pill because I have noticed it has effected my personality and how I feel in general. I&#039;ve became withdrawn, sensitive and just sad after about 3 weeks on this pill. I noticed a decrease in my sex drive as well. Physically, I have had no side effects, but the psychological side effects mentioned don&#039;t seem worth it to me so I&#039;m going to try ortho tri-cyclen lo. My sisters take that one and are very happy with it. If that doesn&#039;t work I&#039;m going to switch to a non-hormonal method of birth control."
"The implanon is horrible, I got it put in Feb. 2016 getting it taken out the end of the month. It made me really, depressed, had major weight loss, nervous, paranoid, anxiety, and I wasn&#039;t myself. I lost interest in everything. I do not recommend this BC at all."
"I started this medication 7 days ago. Today is April 7th 2016. I live in Ontario Canada . I have amazing work benefits and thus medicine was NOT covered.  I called the company they say there is no coupons or paperwork my doctor could fill out. I have type 2 diabetes and am or I should say was close to being put on insulin. In 7 days I have lost 5 pounds. I am nauseated but travel with chewable pepto or tums. My blood sugar was over 10 every morning for months on metformin 2 a day and not eating much sugar. Now it&#039;s around 7. 
I am wondering if anyone from Ontario has any ideas how I can get help to cover this. I paid 424.00 ( not a typo) for one month. and 150 a month to my benefits "
"Works great with Hydrocodone or Norco.  Almost pain free."
"Cipro is horrible poison and it has had a negative impact on my quality of life.  I took 500mg 2x day for prostatitis.  On day 5 I developed severe fatigue, brain fog, neuropathy, severe anxiety, and blurred vision.  My prescription was for 10 days but I stopped taking it that day. A few days later I developed Achilles tendonitis and was unable to walk for 3 weeks.  Recovery has been slow, challenging and expensive; one year later (almost to the day) I am still not recovered although I am better.  I learned a painful and expensive lesson:  I will never ever again in my life take a fluoroqinolone antibiotic or blindly trust the judgment of an allopathic physician.  The not-so-silver lining is it did nothing for my prostatitis."
"I&#039;ve taken this pill for two weeks now and I&#039;ve had a constant migraine. I just had a baby three months ago so I&#039;m not sure if that has anything to do with it or not. Also had very heavy bleeding for a week then it would stop and start again. Also I&#039;m very moody and sad where I wasn&#039;t before I started taking this medicine. If I still have migraines at the end of this pack, I may switch."
"I was taking metoprolol prior to this which made me dizzy and didn&#039;t even keep my blood pressure down. Bystolic gave me zero side effects and helped lower my blood pressure continuously throughout the day not just for a few hours it&#039;s done wonders."
"I am a guy with a moderate acne case and oily skin. Since 2nd year high school, I&#039;m already suffering from acne. Now that I am 24 and working, these pimples are making me less confident. Sometimes, I don&#039;t want to go to work anymore. I have tried a lot of OTC products to eliminate pimples but none of them worked. It is already my 1 month and 5 days using adapalene 0.3 gel and to be honest, it&#039;s making my acne even worse. I&#039;m having a lot of acne in my cheeks especially on my forehead which never happened to me before. However, I am still using it. Am gonna give time for it to work on me since I am reading a lot of reviews advising to just wait. Btw, I am using cetaphil gentle skin cleanser as my facial wash. Will keep you guys posted!"
"I have severe low back pain, spinal stenosis, and a bulging disc. I was on my feet a lot because of my job which caused my pain to become worse. I was taking Norco alone which I couldn&#039;t take while working, plus the pills would not last long. Many times I was in tears. Finally my doctor put me on Fentanyl 25, then increased to 37, then finally increasing to 50. It was a God send because the pain decreased tremendously. I have the sweats and chills at times but that&#039;s a small price to pay for the relief I have received. At first I had severe itching, but my doctor have me to use Cortizone. I put it on and put the patch on about 30 minutes later, and no more itching. I am now retired and my patch was decreased to 25."
"I began to use Clindamycin PH 1% Gel and Sodium Sulfacetamide 10% and Sulfur 5% towards the end of the summer for 2 months for my issues with acne on my chin. I had bumps on other areas of my face but mostly concentrated in my chin. My acne its not severe but its always been an issue, and since I was 12 I always had black heads on my nose and chin. This gel did not work for I didn&#039;t notice any change on my face, the pimples, bumps and black heads remained the same, they became more noticeable. It was irritating on my skin and it made my skin extremely oily and since I wear  makeup it became an issue. The cleanser I do enjoy, it clears your pores and my skin has never been softer but the gel I do not recommend"
"I am still alive because of this drug and I am not an advocate of the medical profession."
"I have been on Aviane for 2 months now going on three, within the first month I&#039;ve experienced headaches, depression, mood swings, severe cramping and bloating as well as stomach gain(which went down). All of those symptoms went away by the second month of taking this pill which I&#039;ve experienced lighter periods still have mood swings and get depressed at times but I have very bad breakouts all over my face, chin and neck as well black marks on my forehead, I&#039;ve always had acne but I&#039;ve never experienced it this badly, I will continue to take it for the 3rd and 4th month just to see if anything gets better and I will keep you posted."
"I have been on Apri for almost a year now and only recently decided to switch, not because Apri was terrible. Apri cleared my skin pretty well, I mean I still break out but it&#039;s a lot better. My periods were shorter and I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain at all. I think my boobs got bigger but I am not sure if that was the pill or just nature because I started it at 18. I can&#039;t say if it helped prevent pregnancy because I am not sexually active. My only negative experience with this pill was my mood. I was overly sensitive and I believe it caused problems for me. My family noticed a huge change in my attitude, so I had to learn to control it, which I can do relatively well now. But I still want to switch to see a more positive change"
"The use of Methlylin 10mg at 08:00 again at 14:00 has made my workday productive and avoided the &quot;nods&quot; at mid-day and again mid-afternoon.  I had suffered with undiagnosed narcolepsy for at least 10 years and this regimen, started 3 years ago has saved my job and my life. (I used to sometimes almost nod off at a long interval stoplight in the mid-afternoon. &quot;Scary for me and you both!&quot;
"
"Got skyla put in a month ago, 25 yrs old no kids. My doctor said it would hurt getting put in, which it did! After the appointment I almost passed out and started vomiting from the pain. Really bad cramps after procedure for about an hour and my pulse was considerably lower than normal. Next morning just mild cramps. Would definitely recommend having Someone drive you home from appointment. Had a normal period but hardly any cramps. No weight gain, no mood swings, no sudden acne so so far so good. I did spot periodically after placement until my period started."
"Today I&#039;ve been on Yasmin for 4 weeks. I started taking it mostly because of My skin, I have had mild hormonal acne since I was twelve (I&#039;m 18). My skin has Always been combination with a more oily T-zone and  dry cheeks. The surface of the skin dries out easily though, maybe because of the retinoid gel I used. 

I&#039;ve not looked this good since I tried antibiotics (It came back afterwards)  and when I get pimples, one wash with my estee lauder cleansing make them go away overnight. Its a commitment though, I started on the first day of My period and i had a 2 week long period   spotting everyday for the last 2 weeks. My breasts grew two sizes as well, and i lost most of My appetite. makes me dizzy sometimes. Otherwise:perfect."
"FP prescribed this to me while I was on waitlist for dermatologist... I&#039;ve used this for 7 months now. I still have a lot of acne, although less. The dermatologist prescribed me Alysena (BCP) to use with differin xp. Three months later, I had little improvement so she also prescribed a topical antibiotic (aczone gel) which she told me to apply with Differin. *** I still use differin because it has completely removed my blackheads (they used to be HUGE and very noticeable) *** . My skin is also much drier now."
"I had a very small cut next to my fingernail that turned into a full-blown staph infection (cellulitis. It very quickly (within 24 hours) spread up my finger to my second knuckle. My doctor prescribed 10 days of Bactrim and by the second day the infection began to subside. No side effects that I can think of."
"I haven&#039;t experienced too much of the side effects like weight gain, nausea, or anything. But I noticed that my eyes are really dry all the time when I started taking these and I don&#039;t know if its related for certain, but I&#039;ve had contacts for two years and this is the first time I&#039;ve had this issue. I&#039;ve had to switch to glasses as of late. Also, my depression has exponentially worsened. It feels like it hasn&#039;t, but I never cried much and have cried almost every day since I&#039;ve taken these. I&#039;m going through real things, but I used to handle them better. But I guess these symptoms are better than pregnancy, and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant."
"I had a slight ache in my arm and a bruise for the first week. Weeks 2-4 I I had some spotting that has gone completely. My anxiety is reduced significantly. My libido is somewhat reduced, which in my case isn&#039;t a bad thing. It&#039;s so simple to have it in my arm and forget it 3 years - love it so far!"
"I got the Paragard in the spring of 2013 because I couldn&#039;t take hormonal birth control (terrible side effects of nausea, migraines, and mood swings). I&#039;m SO glad I got the Paragard. The insertion was a little painful because I&#039;ve never had children and the next few days I experienced moderate to severe cramps. Now my periods are longer and heavier and sometimes I have cramping, but those are the only side effects I have. It feels great not to have to worry about getting pregnant for an entire ten years, and I consider the side effects of the Paragard minimal in relation to my experience with other birth control methods."
"I&#039;ve never bled so badly on a pill before. On my old generic, it was a normal amount.   Now I&#039;ve developed problems with anemia.

My anxiety is worse.

I&#039;ve had an increase in paranoid feelings.

I&#039;m broken out like a teenager! I&#039;m off this pill asap."
"Has worked well, but do have the dizzy feeling if I get up to fast! Dropped blood pressure by 40 points within 1st day of taking it!"
"To me this is a wonder drug, my migraines were driving me crazy it was the most uncomfortable experience. I was told by my neurologist that I have cluster migraines and suffered with it for about 6 years and he put my on 40mg of Verapmil twice a day. I can now live freely, if I get migraines now they are very weak and I can go about my day normally."
"I am not sure how effective the shot was but I&#039;m giving a low rating due to a severe allergic reaction. I had my first chemo on a Monday and received the shot at 3pm the following Wednesday. By 5pm my feet were burning a rash swept up my whole body. My heart was racing. Spent the evening in ER. Needed shot of epinephrine and hooked up to IV. I will not be having the shot after my second round of chemo this Monday."
"It&#039;s a good drug that does a good job lowering my blood sugar. I take 1000 mg 2x a day, and try to exercise some daily. I still have some gas problems, and some diaharrea."
"I was given Contrave while on a weight management program with my clinic. I was very wary of taking anything and knew I didn&#039;t want a stimulant such as phentermine. I decided to give it a shot after gaining again the first week. The first day I was extremely nauseous and was wary to try again. The nausea didn&#039;t come back at all (I usually eat soon after taking it) but I did have headaches occasionally at first. I still do not know if the headaches were related to the medication because I get headaches frequently. In the four weeks that I have been on the medication I have lost seven pounds. I explained it to my Doctor as &quot;willpower in a bottle&quot;. It doesn&#039;t reduce my appetite but helps me fight cravings."
"I started drinking 10 years ago, and drank 10-15 per day. After 30 days on Naltrexone, I&#039;ve had 2 beers.. the last 3 weeks ago. 

What the drug did was take away any &quot;reward&quot; from alcohol, so drinking a beer is no different from drinking a cup of tea. In this way, it gave me the choice back. I didn&#039;t think I&#039;d ever be able to quit, and suddenly drinking is no longer interesting to me. 

I had some minor side effects for the first week, including loss of appetite, restlessness, and a little nausea - but all of those subsided quickly. I am sober for the first time in my adult life and I can&#039;t believe how much better it is. 

If you know you need to break up with alcohol, look into naltrexone.. it changed my life."
"I had a lot of side effects on Effexor 37mg- dry mouth, constipation, increased heart rate and blood pressure, ringing in ears, nausea, shakiness, more anxiety and so on. I don&#039;t remember having all these with Lexapro or Zoloft a few years ago. At least not to the same degree as Effexor and if there was any side effects they went away after a few weeks. I switched back to Zoloft 25mg after 3 weeks and 3 days in I already feel better - no more feeling wired or jittery. Effexor is not the med for me. It did help the depression, but the crazy side effects aren&#039;t worth it to me. I do have a friend that&#039;s been on it awhile and it work great for her."
"I was always a worrier and an anxious individual. It never came to mind to label these characteristics as someone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder. Well late last year I began to worry obsessively about my health and became completely consumed by my fearful thoughts. One panic attack led to another and before I knew what had happened, I could barely leave the house or function. That&#039;s when I realized I needed help. Admitting that I needed help was probably the hardest part of my struggle since I always thought of myself as an independent and confident person. I was put on 10mg of Lexapro and after approximately 5 weeks I was able to &quot;live&quot; again with some mild anxiety. I did gain about 10 pounds in the 9 months since starting the medication, worth it!"
"I have taken lithium since I was diagnosed with bipolar 1 in 1993. I stopped taking it for 10 years and then started taking it again and it&#039;s been 6 years back on it. I wouldn&#039;t substitute this medication. It works very well. The correct dosage is what matters most. The therapeutic window is 0.6 to 1.2 just because the level is slightly lower isn&#039;t always bad. It&#039;s alright to manage some of the symptoms but when it gets above 1.2 toxicity becomes an issue. It has to be maintained properly. My only drawback is occasional hand tremors and in high doses it tends to dull personality."
"I was given Latuda after a psychotic manic episode. Despite the &quot;weight neutral&quot; claims, I gained 13 pounds. I am now weaning as my episode has cleared, and am moving onto Lamictal.

Here is a hint for everyone gaining weight from antipsychotics. They trick your body into being Type 2 Diabetic. This changes how your body responds to eating carbs. Cut the carbs, and you won&#039;t gain weight. Eat carbs, you most likely will."
"In my experience Aciphex proved far superior to the generic brand I was given. I don&#039;t know the technical difference, but  Aciphex (taken once in AM &amp; once in PM) alleviated the painful burnings in my stomach and up to my throat within a few days. The generic form seemed not to work as well or quickly and I suspected as a possible cause of simultaneous depression (which may or may not have been related...)"
"Accutane works. I&#039;ve had cystic acne since I was a teen, and tried nearly every medicine. Acne went away but came right back after a few months taking antibiotics. Tried every topical cream I could find (prescribed or OTC), and all they did was dry my face out without fixing the problem. I will say that Retin-A helped a little bit (made it at least manageable with a good brand of makeup). Acne got much worse as a young adult (painful, deep, multiple cysts) and finally got prescribed Accutane. I&#039;ve been taking it for a couple of weeks and already noticing a huge difference in my face. I don&#039;t get big painful cysts anymore, and while my lips are really dry, I&#039;ve had no issues wearing contacts. I swear by Carmex lip balm!"
"Love this form of birth control and am super happy I stuck with it. Crampy every once in a while and am currently dealing with a small breakout but nothing big. Insertion was not a big deal and was definitely NOT the worst pain of my life, just felt uncomfortable and like bad deep period cramps. Would recommend to anyone!"
"I&#039;ve been on Doxycycline for 2 months now and I haven&#039;t seen improvement. My acne around my mouth and chin have gotten worse. Mind you, my forehead is pretty clear. My acne has left dark spots that won&#039;t disappear. It&#039;s now painful cystic acne instead of small pimples. I am not impressed and hoped to switch medication once finished with this bottle."
"I took 2 of the Ducolax pills last night around 8 pm, I should have known better, as I did this about 4 years ago and ended up taking an ambulance ride to the ER, after cold sweats, horrible cramping, nausea, &amp; horrible bleeding from the rectum.  I guess I thought this time would be better.  I awoke around 4:30 a.m. with horrible stomach cramping, cold sweats and a feeling that I was about to faint.  I woke my fiancee to let him know that the medicine was making me very sick &amp; please don&#039;t let me die if I passed out. (Yes, I felt that bad)  Ran back and forth to restroom about 10-12 x and finally worked.  I have back pain all day, like I&#039;m in back labor and I feel sick. Never ever again!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for 2 weeks now, I made sure to follow instructions when placing it on my skin but each time I workout it immediately becomes loose or falls off. The box does not come with a backup or replacement patch so it is not possible for me to afford 2 boxes or more per month to make up for the patches falling off. Would not recommend."
"Well this medication worked well for me for the first few years but as time went on the side effects got gradually worse. I&#039;m am now totally paranoid and suffering from severe anxiety disorder. I am trying to come off this medication to deal with these side effects. To anyone taking this medication get off it now before you end up like I did. And despite what your doctor tells you it is a addictive!! Worst mistake of my life.."
"worst experience of my life, my skin has never been so irritated and itchy in my life, I would not recommend this to anyone"
"Horrible emotional side effects. Always angry and crying. I have been on different birth controls for over 8 years with no problems. I went on this one for one month and immediately had these side effects."
"I have suffered major depression for many years and have taken almost every SSRI that has been on the market.  I recently slipped into a bout of very deep depression and was almost suicidal.  Cymbalta pulled me out of it.  I am very thankful for this medication because it brought ME back.  However, it was not working at 60mg a day so the doctor increased it to 120mg a day.  I realize that is a high dose but the benefits outweigh the risks by far in my situation.  I was in the deepest darkest depression for about 3 months and almost lost my job over it.  Cymbalta saved me... literally."
"After a Med cocktail of Xanax (for sudden anxiety attacks), Zoloft, Lithium, Klonopin (for everyday anxiety) &amp; Wellbutrin, I still felt severely depressed &amp; eventually suicidal. I went to my psychiatrist in extreme distress with a constant stream of tears. She sent me to an inpatient facility where they put me on Lamictal. Within 7 days, I felt a drastic difference; stable, focused, even bubbly (but not manic). I take 50 mg (25 in the AM; 25 in the PM). I am so thankful for this medicine!"
"Am a 36 yr old male, Celtic bloodlines both sides and until 9 years ago of suitably pale disposition! Have rosacea for 9 yrs and have been on antibiotics (minocin 50mg) for 8 of them, along with annual IPL therapy. Was off the minocin until last week for a year when my dermatologist put me on 100mg and also prescribed me Mirvaso. I seem to have a reaction to the 100mg with red blotches and spots, so after 3 days I tried the Mirvaso. Used 3 times over 4 days. Worked a dream the first day, but effectiveness wore off. Last 2 days have suffered very very bad rebound flushing, tingling on cheeks followed by burning sensation. Hottest parts of flushing nearly purple. Booked in for IPL today to try and reduce redness/purpleness. Avoid."
"I&#039;m in my mid 30&#039;s and took wellburtrin for the last 6 weeks for depression &amp; ADD. I was shaky since the beginning (although not as bad as I was in the beginning), the entire time I&#039;d feel my legs would give out. I was always sleepy &amp; lazy with a why bother attitude for everything. My mind would still wander but it would be blank. I started forgetting things I&#039;ve always known like my zip code. It started affecting me at work. I called my doctor who said my symptoms weren&#039;t from the wellbutrin but the other meds I&#039;m on. I stopped taking the wellbutrin yesterday, I already have more energy, I&#039;m noticeably less shaky (my boss noticed), I&#039;m more focused. I feel better than I have in a long time. Don&#039;t take wellbutrin it&#039;ll just mess you up."
"I just tried this, a pharmacist recommended to it me to keep my nose from drying out from using my oral inhaler, I often get bad nose bleeds. This stuff burns like crazy! I put just a tiny bit in the front part of each nostril. I felt like my nose was on FIRE. And the post-nasal drip that went down the back of my throat burned quite a bit too. After about 4 mins my nose feels better, but to be honest, I&#039;m not sure it&#039;s because the stuff worked or because the burning stopped. Next time, if there is a next time, I&#039;ll try just putting a bit above my upper lip in front of my nostrils. "
"I was on Paxil for a little over a year, and am currently weaning off. I suffer from depression, panic disorder, post traumatic stress disorder, and generalized anxiety. I started Paxil at 10mg and went all the way up to 40mg, within the first couple of months. This drug did wonders for my panic disorder, PTSD, and anxiety, but made my depression worse! The reason I decided to stop taking it is because I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed anymore, and I gained about 60lbs since I started taking it. Funny they call it an antidepressant, when in the end it made my depression worse. I am trying Wellbutrin now... but I won&#039;t know how well that works until I&#039;m completely off the Paxil in a couple weeks. The withdrawal is awful, even while weaning."
"Weight gain!! increased my hunger and affect the metabolism! Need to eat often and was not myself on it!"
"I took Cymbalta for about 3-4 months. I had major side effects. I tried taking it at night but I couldn&#039;t sleep. Switched to the mornings and I also had tingling all over, sexual side effects, worsened my suicidal thoughts. The only good thing about it is I totally had no appetite what so ever. I lost 15 lbs. I have since quit taking Cymbalta."
"Love the birth control other than I&#039;ve been spotting for a month I&#039;m so sick of it! After July 11th I will be getting it removed my husband is getting a vasectomy! Thank the lord! I will be so happy once this thing is removed! No other issues than this!"
"I have been taking Vistaril for the last 6 months. I use it for anxiety and trouble sleeping. It calms me down with no side effects, and when I take it in the evening for sleep I wake up feeling good. I&#039;ve taken multiple drugs for sleep including, Restoril, trazadone, and Ambien. All of those caused me to have the &quot;sleep hangover&quot;. I would have trouble waking up and would spend the whole day feeling as if the medications just wouldn&#039;t leave my system. Vistaril is the best medication I&#039;ve found for anxiety and sleep. It allows me to take a few lower doses during the day and a higher dose at night to sleep. Highly recommended."
"I am 71 and have had constipation all of my life. I&#039;ve tried OTC products (all of them) and even some prescription products. I take 4 of this per week with plenty of water. More give me some cramps.  However, my constipation is finally under control.  It isn&#039;t easy, but I do get results about 4 times a week.  That beats 1 or 2 with a lot of bleeding from strain.  I may increase to 7 times per week and see if the cramping stops.  I have a superlong colon which has caused the chronic constipation."
"I started on this medicine in 2004. It has been a roller-coaster ride. The first, and most immediate thing was I stopped smoking, and discontinued drinking anything carbonated. I rapidly lost about 30lbs, my nails became so thin I could not hold paper. I started taking supplements as the weight loss, caused nutrition loss. Tingling in hands and feet still persist, especially when I am cold. Around 2007 I entered into a psychotic break, there are other contributing factors here, so my doctor took down the dose from 200mg to 75mg where I am still at today. I have regained some weight, but that is due to another medicine that I now take with this."
"I have taken adipex before and lost 70 lbs in 3 months. I ran two miles everyday and ate lean cuisines. I was on a 1200 calorie diet. It took me two years to gain the weight back, being in college life gets busy and it just happened. Now I&#039;m back on it and have lost 20 lbs in 3 weeks. I recommend it to anyone who is serious about losing weight. You have to work hard to see amazing results, but it&#039;s completely worth it. From the comments I&#039;ve seen some people were only prescribed it for 2 or 3 months, it may be a location issue but my doctor in MS will prescribe adipex for a patient for 6 months out of the year."
"I have Restless legs both at night and during the day.  The Sinemet helps some at night, but doesn&#039;t last through the night.  I can&#039;t take it during the day because it makes me sleepy and upsets my stomach.  If I take it with food it doesn&#039;t work at all.
I have a heart condition, so there are some medicines I can&#039;t take."
"I started adipex 12 days ago i already lost 12 ponds i highly recommend it:)"
"i had this in for 3 years as it worked as a contreceptive it was affective. i had no periods for 3 years. i wanted the implant taken out but i had to wait 12 months. side effects were sweating problems and loss of sex drive. once i had it taken out i felt emotional for a few days, had a period and felt human again."
"I have used it many times for muscle spasms. A low dose usually is all that is needed. No side effects except a little drowsiness."
"This &#039;experience&#039; is coming from me personally. Woman to woman. So, let me break it down for y&#039;all. Pros: 1.) One and done-Paraguard only takes one doctors visit to insert. Then, no worries for 10 years! That&#039;s right 10 whole years. 2.) No hormones! Now I&#039;ve never taken hormones but know their effect they can have on ones life. Which made my choice in birth control, fairly simple. 3.) Little to no side effects after a couple of months. If inserted correctly by your awesome doctor, you won&#039;t even feel the Paraguard. Now, the cons. 1.) The pain is real, during and after the procedure. The worst cramps you&#039;ve ever had times 56 :( if you have the option have someone drive you home. And take two Advil before procedure/ invest in heating pad. GL!"
"Prescribed 20mg for hot flushes.  Took for 5 days as side effects were terrible - nausea, dry mouth and by third day feeling low in mood and apethetic.  My vertigo has also returned with a vengeance!!"
"My doctor prescribed Topamax for migraine prevention, and that gave me too many awful side effects as well as doing nothing for me. He switched me to divalproex, taken twice a day. Much easier to take, with almost no side effects except being a little sleepier and finding it a little harder to focus. However, it&#039;s doing nothing for my migraines. And I had such hopes."
"I have been on Lexapro 10 mg  for a year and a half for depression and anxiety, along with generic remeron 15mg as sleep aid. Last summer I switched to only generic remeron (mirtrazipine) and my mood started to go up and down.  The thing with lexapro is it takes away inhibition. That also includes being more impulsive. So be careful when upset. It also ramped up anxiety in the first couple of weeks  and drives you nuts. I am getting back slowly on lexapro for 2 weeks. I got a few anxiety crisis so I take half 10mg and will try to increase slowly. Despite this minus, this is the best thing so far. BTW, generic escitalopram sucks. Tried and doesn&#039;t do the trick for  me."
"Taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo made me moody, depressed and anxious. I had cramps a week before and a week after my period. I was like a different person. I have returned to Ortho Tri regular, and I am back to my normal self. "
"I have to say this is a great medicine for people to try especially if those having difficulty sleeping.  I had mania and my highs and lows have become stable.  I have been taking this for about a month and noticed a difference the next day.  It does have an awful taste but it is worth the benefits.  My cocktail currently for Bipolar 1 is Effexor XR, Depakote, Lamictal, and Saphris.  I plan to ween off some of these medicines since Saphris has been working well.  I have tried Abilify and Seroquel and had bad reactions."
"I LOVE this product. I suffered from breakouts (not horrible) but enough to make me self-conscious about. It does not make your face dry, if anything it smooths it out. I use a tad in the morning and a whole pump at night all over my face. I haven&#039;t been getting pimples at all, except for a few that were unnoticeable. And it worked almost immediately. I also paired this with Solodyn tablets 55mg for only the first month. Amazing. If anyone has mild breakouts then I strongly recommend these 2 products. Good luck. This may not work for everyone, but if you have mild acne then I would go for it."
"I&#039;ve been on Implanon since April 2013...for the entire first year I had absolutely no period which was great! About 2 months ago I got a very heavy period. I&#039;ve been having light bleeding ever since and it&#039;s driving me nuts, but overall this is the best method of birth control for me. And I&#039;ve tried everything! Side effects are different for everyone and it can always be taken out if it doesn&#039;t work for you. I&#039;d say if you&#039;re forgetful or just prefer a form of birth control that requires no effort don&#039;t hesitate to give this a try I love it!"
"I had been on Maxalt for about a year with minor, but bearable side effects sometimes. Slight tightening of my jaw and surrounding muscles. Last time I took it was the LAST time I was taking it. The tightening sensation I felt was unbearable throughout my head down to my arms. If it didn&#039;t start to ease up when it did I was going to go to the hospital. It did take away the pain. That&#039;s the only positive thing I can say....but only briefly. The next day my migraine came back almost full force."
"So I&#039;m barely on my first pack of this but I&#039;m a little worried. I&#039;ve been on probably 5 different birth controls. Sprintec, ortho tri cyclen lo, lomedia 24 l, amethyst, etc etc. With those I would eventually have breakthrough bleeding that wouldn&#039;t stop so I kept switching. Ortho tri cyclen lo was awful I broke our so bad. So my doctor suggest a higher hormone dosage since I kept having breakthrough bleeding. Since I&#039;ve started this, my stomach hurts a lot kinda like cramps, I have headaches, my breasts have gotten a lot bigger and they hurt to barely be touched, I also see to have gained weight obviously with my breast being bigger. I&#039;m scared kinda but I read to give it a few months and hopefully it goes away. No bleeding though"
"A friend told me about these tablets the last time i was suffering from a cold sore.  At the time it was already too late to take the meds cos it was in full force so I kept the idea in mind for next time.  Last Tuesday early morning I felt the coldsore coming out, went to the chemist as soon as it opened and took the 3 tablets (1500mg).  By Thursday it was already crusting up and by Saturday (had a wedding to attend) I could cover it up with make up pretty well. I cannot believe how quick this medication works, it saved me a whole week of suffering unnecessarily, not to mention saved me from the embarrassment at my friends wedding. Now I have a spare packet at home, this will change my life!"
"Sounds very dramatic, but it has literally changed my life. No more sweaty palms. It&#039;s definitely caused my armpits to sweat less, but it hasn&#039;t completely stopped that yet.  Be aware that you have to apply it every single night (at least at first) and it causes itching and redness, and if you use it on your hands, they will be very dry.  However, it&#039;s a very small price to pay because it really does stop sweating. For me, it took about 1 1/2-2 weeks before my hands completely stopped sweating, but there was noticeable difference the next day.  Worth every penny."
"I wish I read reviews about the drug earlier! I just took the first dose of M3 about 40 min ago and it BURNS! The burning is decreasing at a painfully slow rate and it&#039;s still pretty bad. I was expecting to fall asleep faster than this. You all don&#039;t know how relieved I am to not be the only one experiencing this! I&#039;m not sure about the effectiveness of the drug yet, but there must be a less painful alternative than this."
"So far so good. I have mild RLS compared to others I think. For a long time I didn&#039;t know what I had and the doctor thought at first it was neuropathy in my feet. Tried some other meds for that (Cymbalta, Amitriptyline) both did not help with some side effects. I started the Requip at one pill .25mg for 2 days and it seemed to work well but with some pain still. Last night I increased to 2 pills at bedtime and pain pretty much gone. My doctor said to increase dose if I need more relief up to max of 2mg after appropriate waiting time. No side effects so far."
"I have had chronic back pain for 5 years. After failed surgeries and injections, (and after years of oxycodone) my doc put me on EMBEDA. I take it exactly how it is prescribed. After a month I have had so many negative side effects. I get severe headaches, stabbing stomach aches and have been almost zombie like. As far as the pain goes it does treat pain fairly well. However sometimes the EMBEDA can not touch the nerve pain. I personally would prefer my previous medication, because the side effects of EMBEDA just make me feel worse."
"I started taking tri sprintec about a year ago for unbearable cramps and it did help out in that department but I wasn&#039;t as responsible with taking it at the same time everyday as I am now. I stopped taking tri sprintec last year because I was inconsistent and every time I would miss a few days it would make me sick. Once I was off of it for a year I never tried anything so recently I decided to give it another shot because I feel more responsible with it and I am, I&#039;ve been taking it every day on time for the first month, when I went to refill my prescription they didn&#039;t refill me for 4 days , I went 4 days without taking the pill &amp; I have never felt more horrible from it , nausea, the whole 9 yards. never had luck with this contraception."
"I&#039;m 22 years old and have suffered from post traumatic stress disorder/ depression since I was a youngster stemming from childhood sexual abuse. This medicine has saved my life, it took about a month/ month and a half to kick in, but when it did it really eased my symptoms. I did experience some mild side effects in the beginning, but they all went away except for some loss of libido and delayed ejaculation. Overall, I would recommend this medicine to someone who is in a similar situation as I found myself in."
"Just like everyone else, can&#039;t get the cap off. Ridiculous. We&#039;ll see if it clears me up. I will probably go get something else since this just seems like a mess"
"This has been the worst experience ever!  
I hate it so much! Ive had it for almost three years 
I was okay with it because of its effectiveness on not getting pregnant, but I used to have clear skin and since I got it I wake up with a new big pimple every single day! Now I have lots of scars ! Have constant headaches and mood swings 
I&#039;m so ready to give up on this. 
without mentioning that 
My bleeding can last up to 3 weeks sometimes !! And always spotting in between !! 
Don&#039;t get it"
"Zoloft has really helped my life a great deal you never understand how much you needed help until you get treatment and be able to see such a better difference in your live but it all starts with you and yes its a journey but its one worth taking"
"First shot today! I can walk up and down the stairs with out holding on!!!!yeah! Pain 90 % better than this morning!"
"I started birth control for the 1st time a little over a month ago, and my doctor prescribed Lutera.  So far, it&#039;s been a great pill for a 1st-time user.  I was a little moody for the 1st week or 2 that I started taking the pill, but I&#039;m also being treated for depression so I don&#039;t know that I can attribute my mood swings to anything in particular.  My mood is definitely back to normal now, either way.  The only lasting symptom I&#039;ve noticed is a little tenderness/swelling in my breasts, which really doesn&#039;t bother me very much.

All-in-all, I recommend Lutera for 1st-time users because I think low dose birth control is a great way to start.  Also, I set my cell phone alarm to remind me to take it each day, and that really helps me remember!"
"This did not work. It made me dizzy and tied my stomach in knots. Provided absolutely no relief for my UTI."
"I see a lot of negative experiences on here. Fortunately, I won&#039;t add to those. 
This is day 8 after beginning Belviq, and I have lost 8 pounds!!!I started the RX as prescribed: twice a day, 12 hours apart. I have to make myself eat. When I do, I only eat a very small portion. My meals are only about 200 calories each, with 3 tiny snacks. I cut back on all sugar (even Splenda).  **Cravings are non existent&quot; 
I am 57, I have COPD, and 2 herniated discs, so it&#039;s hard to exercise normally. But I am increasing activities, and doing back exercises, and walking when I am able. Will add weights when my back feels more stable. 
I have had absolutely no side effects! No headaches, no muscle aches, no drowsiness, nothing. 
I couldn&#039;t be happier."
"This is great. I have had the Mirena for a little over a month now and my periods have improved a lot. I used to have horrible cramps, throwing up, headaches and pass out from my period, but with the Mirena I have had minor cramps during my period and a tiny bit of bleeding. I can walk around and do all my daily activities. The Mirena saved my life. I can do all I want without worrying about my period and its evil symptoms. Thank you Mirena!"
"Was prescribed aczone to use once my skin was already mostly cleared by dermatologist. It made me break out all over in tiny little bumps. It was terrible and took months to get rid of."
"It is really a bad medicine. The doctor prescribed my wife to use this for gas relief. but my wife was not comfortable after one pill. Her ears and nose were blocked and she could sense the skipped heart beat. I don&#039;t recommend this product."
"I&#039;m on day 2 of taking Lexapro and it&#039;s causing unpleasant side effects. I don&#039;t have an appetite, a slight headache, nervousness, and stinging chest pain along with stomachache. My doctor told me to stick with it because the benefits outweigh any issues right now. He also said that they will go away in 2 weeks or so.  I&#039;ll continue to take and update my progress."
"My period ended Jan 26th and I had sex Feb 3rd. The second my boyfriend realized the condom broke we jumped in the car and got the Plan B pill which I took immediately (45min after sex). During the time the condom broke and took plan B I was ovulating (according to my period tracker app and physical signs). I got my period on the exact day I was scheduled to get it (two weeks after sex). I also took a pregnancy test which came back negative. Such a relief. Plan B made me very lethargic and sick to my stomach for about two weeks. So happy with the product. If you took it and are still freaking out... Don&#039;t!"
"I have PTSD from being emotionally, verbally &amp;sexually abused growing up.(molested as a child &amp; assaulted several different times as a teen) At 19 my fianc&eacute; was shot and killed. This pushed me over the edge &amp;I almost died a few times (overdoses/ suicide attempt &amp; car accident). I finally decided to go to an inpatient program and was put on lamictal. The medicine, therapy &amp; faith has made me a totallynew person. I&#039;ve been clean for 3 years now, in college &amp; raising my beautiful girl. Im happy &amp; my life is full. I tried SO many medications &amp; lamictal has helped tremendously. I was able to get off of clonazepam and Zoloft under my doctor&#039;s care. I still have sad days and bad dreams but I don&#039;t get stuck in it and regress."
"I have been suffering from back pain for years, I was prescribed Relafen and what a difference it has made, the bonus no side effect&#039;s!"
"I was prescribed this medication for high blood pressure. It DID lower my blood pressure, and for about 6 weeks I had almost no adverse reaction. I was prescribed 10 mg, but only took 5mg because I am sensitive to medicines and anesthetics.  Vivid dreams, insomnia, sleepiness during the day were tolerable, but I soon developed double vision, pain in my upper body, a rash and increasing weakness and balance problems. I weaned myself off slowly--my last dose was in February 2014--I still have tremors, difficulty walking and extreme weakness. I cannot recommend Bystolic."
"I went on Lexapro for depression and anxiety. I noticed that generally it relieved my anxiety symptoms, but had some bad side effects for me. Most troubling was the weight gain. I&#039;ve always been quite slim, but while on Lexapro I gained about 30 pounds, so that was very distressing for me. Also, if I forgot to take my medication I&#039;d get terrible migraines. I&#039;m now transitioning off of this medication because of the weight gain. I&#039;ve already started to see a difference and lost a couple of pounds (with healthy eating and regular exercise). Overall, this med was good for my anxiety, but meh for everything else."
"Side effect of cluster headaches. Gets worse if I don&#039;t stick to every 8 hrs dosage.  I&#039;m frustrated because one neurologist and my pop are treating me for nerve damage, but another neurologist says my pain is muscular.  He can&#039;t explain why I have tingling in my arms and legs.  I was considering tapering off the gabapentin 3x 300 mg) based on the 2nd neorolgist, but the pain is unbearable."
"I read these reviews daily when I was stressed, so I thought I&#039;d leave one.I had to take Plan B after a condom broke on Day 12 of my cycle (so I was fertile &amp; close to ovulation). I took it 45 minutes after the incident, and had no symptoms for around a week. After a week, I started bleeding. more than spotting but less than my normal period. It lasted around 5/6 days. I also had severely sore breasts, on and off cramps. Around a week after that I also had a lot of discharge (clear). These symptoms lasted on and off until I got my period yesterday. 

MY PERIOD WAS 23 DAYS LATE. Don&#039;t absolutely freak like I did. I went to the doctors and took pregnancy tests and still wouldn&#039;t calm down. Try to relax this works! Symptoms suck but not prego!"
"I&#039;m going into my fourth month taking Viorele, and I&#039;m surprised at how well my body has reacted to this BC. I was on Lo Loestrin Fe (for about 6 Mo.) &amp; Gildess Fe (about two years) prior to switching to Viorele. I haven&#039;t had any migraines, mood swings, or breakouts since starting the pill. I usually have all those symptoms when starting something new. Also, my period cramping, bloating, and pain has significantly decreased with the help of this pill. It also helped clear up my cystic acne, and my weight has remained stable. The only negative about Viorele for me was the extreme tenderness and soreness in my breasts. My breasts are the most painful upon waking up in the morning, but then the feeling somewhat subsides. I&#039;m pretty happy."
"Great and effective medication while taking .25 to .50 mg once per day. I&#039;m in Law Enforcement and have a tough time shutting off my mind now and then. Klonopin works very well at taking away the negative thinking and unrealistic worries. Cops tend to role play alot in their minds, with everything. What if this, what if that?? Sometimes it gets out of hand and the horrible feelings that come from that sort of continuous thinking can really take its toll. Klonopin takes that away for a much longer time than Xanax. I also take 20mg of Lexapro a day, been taking for about three months. It has helped to some degree as well and keeps me from having to take a higher dose of the Klonopin. But overall, I give Klonopin a 10."
"Great at lowering blood pressure (250 to 174 using 10 mg). But body aches, dull headache often noted. My doctor wanted me on 20 mg but that was too uncomfortable."
"Ever since I was little I had extremely sweaty hands. Anything I touched became wet and I left little drops of sweat all over the place. It even came to the point where I couldn&#039;t cut my food sometimes because the knife would slip out of my sweaty fingers. Touching other people and shaking hands were things that I always dreaded and avoided. I&#039;m 17 now and things began to be even more awkward for me when holding hands with my boyfriend and practically leaving them dripping. Since about 6 weeks ago I have been using Drysol and it is amazing. I would say my hands are 75% less sweaty. The only thing that you have to deal with is your hands getting extremely dry and uncomfortable. But if you have a problem like I did, it&#039;s completely worth it."
"Absolutely hate this birth control! The day I got it in my arm bleed for 5-10 minutes before I was even out of the doctors office. Then I had my period for about a month so they gave me estrogen to stop it and I just ended up breaking out in hives for a month. I&#039;ve gained tons of weight that I never gained on 3 years of the depo shot. I got it it November of 2015 and haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since about a week after I got it. Try having your period for 8 months straight! Some days it&#039;s less then others and some days it&#039;s horrible! I would never go back on this birth control again."
"Seem that I struggle without medication  but I am worse of with suicidal thoughts and attempt. No nausea. Currently taking 40 mg in morning have been for about 4 weeks. I go back to Dr in two weeks where she suggested maybe going to increase dose. I think I just need to try something else. Right now that&#039;s the only psych med I&#039;m on."
"I&#039;ve been taking 5mg of Trintellix for almost 3 weeks now. I haven&#039;t experienced any nausea or vomiting, but I&#039;ve been really drowsy and light-headed. I also take 5mg of Lexapro but that&#039;s a really small dose, so I suppose it&#039;s not actually doing anything. My mood has actually been worse since I started the Trintellix. More depressed and more unmotivated. I was hopeful about this drug. My practicioner said it was going to be a &quot;kick in the pants.&quot; Nope. Now I don&#039;t want to even move."
"I am taking this medication for a cold sore. Two tablets twice daily. 1 gram tablet strength. Only got 4 pills and it cost $45. I have taken all 4 pills and see no difference at all."
"My 17 month old son gets many ear infections.  After 8 days on this one he had an allergic reaction.  The doctors in ER told us he is allergic to Penicillin.  Also, his ear infection didn&#039;t clear-up with this antibiotic.  Maybe others will have better luck."
"I was an opiate addict for 24 years been clean for a year. I have always had trouble with constipation. I was taking OTC stool softeners when I&#039;d go 4 or 5 days without going. I would be in so much pain I would literally put a glove  on with vaseline and DIG it out. Movantik has been a lifesaver I take 1 every night have coffee in morning and go. Little cramping first couple days but no withdrawals or nausea. I have lost 14 pounds in a month as well. Very happy."
"I started Wellbutrin about 2 and a half weeks ago and my anxiety and depression are worse. I am crying all the time, super anxious and can&#039;t relax. Has anyone else had this problem?  I take 30mg Prozac and taking 150-225 mg Wellbutrin. I am scared to continue"
"I used to take this medication for panic attacks, and it worked absolute wonders. It took about 30 minutes to kick in but really calmed me down and it wasn&#039;t at all addictive. I later found out I have severe hereditary liver problems and it has a bad interaction with what I have to take to keep my liver in check, so I can no longer take it. With the medicines combined I just felt foggy and had to sleep for at least 15 hours if I had to take a vistaril, I couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open and function until I&#039;d slept it off.

I&#039;m now trying out Xanax, and I don&#039;t really like it, vistaril kept me calm longer and was just amazing when I needed it. With Xanax the half life is just terrible and I end up with a worse panic attack than I began with."
"Started it last week only took it for 2 days made me very ill stopped it after 2nd dose still poorly 10 days later glad to hear some people are having real benefit from it"
"My husband and I both have been popping pills for years.  Hydrocone, Oxycodone, barbiturates, whatever we could get.  After trying to quit cold turkey, or going in a detox center, whatever is was, always failed us....or we failed it.  Now we are winning the battle.  Hubby went on it about a week ago, and I just started a few days ago.  Neither of us had withdrawals from the opioids we were taking, and neither of us has cravings. Thank Goodness.  So our livers are now getting a much needed rest, and our money is going where it SHOULD go to now.  We both have experienced some headaches on Suboxone, but they aren&#039;t that bad, and go away after a bit.  It gives me dry mouth really bad.  So, remember, this drug is just a tool in the road to recovery."
"I have been on 11 meds in 5 years.  MDD re diagnosed as Biplar1 three years ago.  Seroquel works for me.  Started on 25 mg q.d. But after psychotic break out am up to 400mg.  Plus 900mg Lithium.  I think we&rsquo;re getting close to right cocktail including Adderall and atavin when required.  No weight gain but have had eating binges.  Makes me sleepy but I&rsquo;m ok by 10:00 am with sheer guts and. Coffee.  I am thankful for these medicines."
"I got my Kyleena IUD 3 days ago. The insertion was painful but nothing you couldn&#039;t handle. It&#039;s quick between 2-3 minutes followed by moderate cramping for a few hours. I recommend taking ibuprofen or something of that nature an hour before. I haven&#039;t had any bleeding with it and I am do far very pleased!"
"In 2008, a kindergarten kiddo knocked me down and I broke my femur. I ended up with a DVT and bilateral PEs. Took Warfarin but my INR was all over the place, so Doctor put me on Lovenox until all was clear. Fast forward to this past October 13, 2017. Woke up with swollen and hurting ankle. I feared a superficial clot. NEVER dreamt I had a DVT... Much less 3 huge clots from behind my knee stretching all the way to my ankle. Dr. started me on Elaquis and, of course, I was allergic to it. I was switched to Xarelto. 3 days later, I started having HORRIBLE headaches that began about one hour after taking the med and last ALL day long! I&#039;m up and down all night, either insomnia or leg cramps. I am waiting to hear from dr on a plan. HATE this med!"
"Very effective in greatly reducing from spondylolithesis so far"
"I had kyleena I inserted 9/1. I was terrified but it wasn&#039;t bad at all. I took 800 mg of ibuprofen before. Insertion wasn&#039;t painful at all. It wasn&#039;t pleasant but it was painful. Lasted maybe 30 seconds. No kids, first IUD I have had. I spotted around the time I should have had my period, now nothing. No acne. A little bit of cramping here and there the first week but I think I just really liked my heating pad."
"I got this procedure done yesterday. I used cytotec for 3 days before. When i got to the dr. they decided to inject me with a numbing block, which was more emotionally scary, than painful. There were two parts. The first cramp was decently painful. Mine was also ultrasound guided, and she helped me keep breathing calmly. The second cramp/push was really painful, but afterwards I was fine. Second day only mild cramps. I suggest getting a driver if you have to drive any distance. The scariest part about this procedure is the unknown, since everyone reacts differently. I am happy with it so far. We will see when i get my first period."
"I&#039;m 19 (no kids) and I got this inserted because regular birth control pills were giving me extremely unhealthy side effects like black out migraines where my vision would blur. The insertion was definitely painful and I bled for several days after. My cramping was excruciating the first 2-3 days but settled afterwards. I had occasional cramps for weeks that would hurt a lot but not unbearable. I still get my period but it&#039;s very light and I experience spotting a few days before my period and a few days after. However, I&#039;m so happy I got an IUD rather than continuing to take pills. I think its definitely worth it and now 3 months later I barely experience any side effects. I still have occasional cramps during my period but not bad at all"
"This is such a blessing, I have tried many medications. My depression, pain, and sleeping disorders-made it almost impossible to function. The hydroxyzine is a perfect medication for someone who doesn&#039;t want to get too deep into medication. Well balanced pill."
"Ok, I went on it obviously to prevent pregnancy but also to help with my painful periods. Pack one, I had breakthrough bleeding about two weeks after my normal period (pre BC) with no withdrawal bleed. I had extreme headaches, nausea, and anxiety. Pack two, same side effects but had a normal withdrawal bleed. Pack three, the side effects went away and my withdrawal bleed was less than normal. Super easy to care for. Pack four, my withdrawal bleed was abnormal. It lasted the entire four days of brown pulls but it itself was brown and not red. Pack five&#039;s withdrawal bleed started out brown and ended like a normal period. Color and all. My anxiety was so bad about pack five that I took two pregnancy tests just to rule out the weirdness."
"I had very rare occasions of panic attacks up until last year, when I started the nursing program. 7 weeks in I was having a nervous breakdown crying in my doctor&#039;s arms and telling her she will never understand what I&#039;m going through....She said no mam, no tears, try Zoloft consistently and lorazapam as needed. This lead to 1mg of lorazapam and 125mg of Zoloft DAILY! Fast forward to a 2 yrs later, I am a nurse, I still take my ordered dose and feel like I can handle any situation. This stuff really does work and keeps me from having any panic attacks."
"I&#039;ve had a spinal fusion on L3 L4 almost two years ago. I&#039;m now on the wait for a disography because of my severe back pain which is getting worse over time I&#039;ve been on fentanyl 100mcg for almost 4 years, the patches are having very little effect and am waiting to see my doctor to increase the dose. It has helped me reading about what other people are going through and that I&#039;m not on my own with symptoms like profuse sweating and a dry mouth. I have no quality of life at the minute and hope by increasing my dosage I will be able to move around a bit more. I&#039;m 44 years old, also has anybody else suffered with frequent bruising on the scar area of the operation. I&#039;m topping my fentanyl up with tramadol."
"Side effects included coughing--at night, during the day.  Just no control over it.  I was on a half a dose regimen,  and with exercise and diet, my blood pressure was dropping."
"I am currently suffering from recurring cystitis and UTI&#039;s. This is my first experience of taking Trimethoprim and after taking the 3rd tablet I became quite unwell with flu like symptoms, fever, headache, chills, whole body aching, loss of appetite. Because of how terrible I was feeling I didn&#039;t want to continue the course for fear it was the pills causing the illness. Is that possible? Or could I just be that I am run down and immune system was low?"
"Sulfasalazine initially caused extreme headaches upon waking, extra strength acetametaphine worked for those.  It took months to begin to work and I eventually got to 4 pills per day.  It took an extra six months for it to work well.  I still have low grade inflammation but at least I am not miserable anymore, can sleep through the night and get up fairly well.  So it did work but for me it took a super long time to do so. My CRP dropped to normal (2 from 16.5) well before I felt close to normal."
"Best sleeping product on the market today!"
"I had an outbreak of peri-oral dermatitis in addition to my Rosacea. I used a high powered cortisone cream that worked amazingly well, but when I went off of it I had an extreme rebound outbreak (much worse than I&#039;ve ever had). I used many natural remedies (aloe gel, aloe juice, lavender) which eased the outbreak but didn&#039;t eliminate it. I added the use of Rosula and within days my outbreak is almost completely gone. It smells bad, but it seems to work for me."
"I have been using Victoza for nearly 2 years and do not know how effective it has been. However my doctor tells me that it is helping.
My biggest gripe is the pen that is used to deliver the medication. It is the worst injectable tool, very hard to use, it sticks continuously making giving an injection a wrestling match!"
"Had a severe allergic reaction to compazine which was given to me to treat nausea,  unable to breathe, throat closed had to be rushed to hospital. and it didn&#039;t stop the vomiting"
"Took Levaquin for lingering congestion &amp; low-grade fever following a bout of influenza. Read about the side effects involving tendons, so was watchful during the 10 days I took it. Had no problems until the morning after the last dose when I woke up with all 10 fingers painfully locked in a curled position (&quot;trigger finger&quot;). Improved after a day or so, but I still have occasional trouble with one finger. "
"I was on Anafranil for 6 weeks. Increased slowly up to 100mg twice a day. Anafranil did not work for me at all! It seemed to have the opposite reaction than intended. My anxiety &amp; OCD both increased significantly. My pain from Fibromyalgia also significantly worsened."
"I didn&#039;t know I had GERD as I&#039;ve never experience heartburn.  I did, however, experience difficulty swallowing and I constantly had to clear my throat.  I couldn&#039;t get a sentence out without making this annoying noise.  I thought I had post nasal drip, I was taking Claritin D every day (I stopped) and Flonase.  My Primary sent me to an ENT, I complained about this throat thing forever. After listening to me talk and hearing the hoarseness in my voice the ENT  said; &quot;I don&#039;t think you have post nasal drip&quot; put the camera through my nose and down my throat - I have Gerd... say whaa. I had no symptoms of that, so I thought.  That day I started taking 40 mg of OMEPRAZOLE... It has changed my life... almost immediately it went 90% away. :-)"
"From a combination of stress and a poor diet, I experienced some constipation last week. I did not have a solid bowel movement in a week. After seeing multiple ads on TV and reading reviews online, I decided to give Miralax a try. I found this drug very effective. I experienced results after just two days taking it. I would mix a pouch of Miralax in my morning fruit smoothie for twice the stimulation. Today is day 5 of my one week trial and Miralax continues to work. I am so relieved to no longer be constipated. I have a lot less abdominal discomfort as well."
"I&#039;ve only been on this for 3 weeks, but feel less anxious and irritable than I have for a few years. Started on 5mg daily for 10 days and then 10 mg daily. No side effects at all. Well worth trying."
"First of all I am convinced of that despite of all the negative side effects I am positive of that this is the best way to eliminate the bacteria.  I am 22 yrs old,  healthy patient who had mild symptoms due to the bacteria. I didn&#039;t have negative effects until I hit the day 5-6, they aren&#039;t that bad (dark stool, reduced hunger and coppery taste)  during the day but after 9 pm they get way worse.  The worst for me is the nausea since the headaches are quite mild and the tiredness is not that bad but the nausea is horrible to the point that I had to took an antiemetic.  

Only 2.5 days to go,  good luck to all the people unlucky enough to have side effects!!"
"Really is a wonder drug. It almost got rid of all my seizures but they are back again due to a trigger. It kept them away for 3 months, which is a miracle for me. I would get seizures every day for months. It was miserable. Plus this stuff hasn&#039;t given me awful side effects like many other anti-convulsant medicines."
"Doesn&#039;t taste great but it&#039;s not that bad - trust me, compared to Golytely this stuff is like fine wine.  Good part is that there isn&#039;t much of it. Other preps make you drink like a gallon of horrid stuff."
"On Periactin now for three weeks.  I&#039;ve gained 6 lbs so far.  Still making me drowsy.  Will keep you updated."
"I only took this a month and had to stop. This made my skin SO DRY. At first I couldn&rsquo;t figure out why. I spent a lot of money on creams and moisturizers and nothing could help it. My face was so tight to the point where it was extremely uncomfortable all day long. I finally googled it and found out that combination birth controls (those with estrogen and testosterone) stop sebum production which is why it clears up acne. This is great for oily girls but not great for girls with already dry skin. I also stopped this pill because it made me eat like a pregnant girl. Nothing would satisfy my appetite and I was CONSTANTLY hungry. I gained weight just the short time I was on it."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication (Pradaxa) for almost a year now. I was just recently taken off of it by my cardiologist. I was fine for the first few months or so. As time went on one by one I started to have side effects. There have been several varying from constipation or diarrhea, to horrible bloating in my stomach and abdomen, muscle and joint pain, less stamina, cuts/sores taking longer to heal, heartburn/acid reflux very profound, loss of appetite, etc. "
"I only had to take 2 pills and my pain disappeared. A miracle drug."
"I suffered with inflammation and dryness for a number of years. According to specialists and doctors the only viable solution for such a condition was to take a course of roaccutane. After using Soolantra for 2 months it completely changed my skin. I had pretty severe dryness from the age of about 18 to 22 and had to moisturise heavily anytime I showered. Soolantra has literally cured this. I think it&#039;s been over a year now since I used the cream and I haven&#039;t experienced any dryness since. The redness has been dramatically reduced and is more or less unnoticeable. Irritation is non existent. Occassionally I flare up but that&#039;s as worst as it gets."
"I had been on the Depo shot for about 8 years, when I switched to the Nexplanon implant. That was the worst decision I ever made. I had never been so depressed or sore or had to deal with out of control periods until I got it in inserted. I couldn&#039;t deal with it anymore, so I told my doctor that Orthotricyclen Lo had worked well before (I didn&#039;t want to do the shot again for various reasons - mainly work-related) so I requested to be put back on that. I have super predictable periods again, I&#039;m far less depressed than I used to be, and my skin has NEVER been this clear before. The ONLY thing I hate about it is the fact that my breasts hurt all the time. There are very few moments when they don&#039;t hurt. More pros than cons for me, though."
"I am extremely disheartened in reading the negative reviews.  I have taken Effexor since 1993.  I began taking 37.5 mg and later lived for one year in a private psychiatric hospital for a suicide attempt. My psychiatrist, then the President of the American Psychiatric Association, increased my dose to 600 mg per day.  This miracle drug kept and still keeps me alive some 23 years later.  I have experimented with not taking this or any medication.  I never presented with any withdrawal symptoms.  However, like clockwork, on the 3rd day w/o it I begin to cry tears over nothing.  By the 4th day I find myself in the midst of severe depression.
within an hour of beginning my regimen again, I am back to my normal.
Do not be afraid to try this medicati"
"I love Xenical. It is basically making me scared to eat rubbish because of the oily poo side effect,  with a very urgent need to &#039;go&#039; it is making me look at food in a different way. If I see a family size chocolate bar, which previously I would have eaten within 2 minutes, I just see it as a slab of fat. It has changed my attitude towards food.  I now eat healthy food because I know what the unhealthy food will look like as it comes out and I am disgusted that all of that unhealthy fat was going into my body, into my arteries, around my heart.  It has been a visual education in healthy eating.  I am losing weight and it&#039;s thanks to Xenical. "
"I have been using primidone for over 20 years for my epilepsy. I have not suffered any side effects. I also give the medication a thumbs up."
"I&#039;ve tried so many different things like topical and antibiotics, I&#039;m so glad I caught my acne early! I&#039;m only on month 3 and my face is almost cleared up! ACCUTANE IS TRULY A MIRACLE PILL! I also barely have any side effects, weirdly enough my lips are not dry and chapped."
"I&#039;ve been on this now for 5 months and it is by far the best pain medicine out there. No high feeling or anything like that. If your doctor has you on Celebrex and you don&#039;t feel any relief, ask him for Voltaren. You will most certainly feel the difference. If you are on it for any length of time (like me) then every so often you&#039;ll have to have blood work done to check your kidneys and liver to make sure they are functioning right as this medicine can cause problems with that. For me everything is good to go so far. I swear by Voltaren."
"I am 58 yo active woman with full time career. I began to obsess about my father&#039;s death. Every thing I saw reminded me of him and was painful. I cried over mishaps at home or thinking about a beloved pet that had died. Work was my relief but as soon as I got home the sadness started. My MD started me on Lexapro, which wasn&#039;t good for me. I suffered through work for a day but was too spacey. My job requires strong concentration skills. Prozac next which made me yawn like a lion. By week 3 I did not feel sad, but felt sick and had yawns like a lion. I then started Cymbalta and felt this was the most gentle antidepressant so far but then my EYES became swollen and DRY. I couldn&#039;t wear contacts! I gave up on antidepressants and started exercising. "
"Context- I have the Sklya IUD to prevent pregnancy and also because of extremely painful and heavy periods. I got the Skyla (my first IUD) inserted in May 2015 (10 months ago). The insertion- Very painful. However, keep in mind that I&#039;ve always had very severe cramps. It felt like a pinch combined with the worst period cramps I&#039;ve ever had. After about 10 minutes of severe pain, I went from a 10 to a 2; it&#039;s amazing how fast relief comes after. Result 10 months later- I ultimately love the Skyla. I love having worry-free sex with my husband, my periods are extremely consistent &amp; light. The only downside is that unlike BC with estrogen, this doesn&#039;t do much for my skin. It didn&#039;t make it worse, but it didn&#039;t really help either. I recommend!!"
"I have been on this for almost two years and I am so glad that I am on it! I gained zero weight (I actually lost weight), I am not moody, my skin is smooth and clear, the periods are SO much better! I only get a little bit of a flow and the cramps are minimal. I actually barely get a period anymore, but my GYN said it was normal."
"I was prescribed 25mg of escitalopram for my anxiety at work/social anxiety. I had tried before Amitriptyline which is an older medicine for this but it made me really sleepy, literally it would knock me down for 12 hours which was very disruptive.

I started a new job which was demanding and escitalopram kept me calmed and still I was able to think clearly. The problem with it is that as the previous medicine it made me sleepy (I&#039;d come home after work and I&#039;d be exhausted, just wanted to lie in bed and read). Also I gained lots of weight, it made me less active (stopped gym) and made me crave carbohydrates which caused this. It did work though. My doctor has switched me to Zoloft, when I have more info I&#039;ll write on that"
"I&#039;ve been taking antidepressants for about 15 years, due to panic attacks, general anxiety, and situational depression, and they have worked well. Additionally, for 10 years I have had very severe leg pain, seeming to be sciatica/nerve pain and muscle pain, from hips to feet. I was told by two orthopedists that, &quot;You&#039;re just old (59) so live with it.&quot; 
It&#039;s been only a month since I changed to SNRIs--namely Venlafaxine--and since the very first day, I have been pain free. I can walk again with long strides and quickly. I can stand for long periods. I can take hikes. I hadn&#039;t been able to do that for 10 years.. My life is no longer dictated by how much pain I can endure. I don&#039;t know how it works, but I wish I&#039;d known about it years ago."
"On my fifth day of Cipro and Flomax, age 19 with severe prostatitis. Feeling very dizzy and light headed. Anxiety attacks for 30 seconds but then go away. Hopefully by the second or third week I start to feel better!"
"This medication is very helpful for the pain in my shoulder, my doctor told me it&#039;s rotator cuff.  I haven&#039;t had any side effects."
"I have bipolar disorder/panic attacks/anxiety/major depression - needless to say there&#039;s a lot on my plate. However, for my depression Aplenzin has been working very well. I don&#039;t get so frustrated over the extremely simple things like not finding a sock (as a personal example). Overall I think Aplenzin is good. APLENZIN gives me energy and helps my personal outlook. I take 522mg a day. I&#039;m pleased with this medication, I do though take into consideration that I&#039;ve only been on it for about a week so I am on alert for any changes. Aplenzin works great for my depression so far."
"This week is the end of the 3-years period of my first implanon. I will replace it for another one tomorrow. I love it, is my favorite birth control. I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking pills, drugs interaction and so on. I had rare bleeding (just a little bit, less than the periods that I used to had with pill) but just 2/3 days. I didn&#039;t had weight gain, emotional lability, headache, period abdominal pain or crazy hormones symptoms, nothing!, is like I&#039;m not using anything. I recommend it! :)"
"Been on for 3 weeks lost 3.5 kg. I have some nausea but still pretty hungry! Have to pay $400 per month I&rsquo;ll keep going"
"Concerta has helped me tremendously in school. My grades skyrocketed after only one semester of use. The first day, when I was on 18mg, I could already feel the effect. 
Now, I only take concerta (27mg) on school days and other days which I know are going to be exhausting. Even on the days I don&#039;t take it, I feel happier than before. Concerta  gives me motivation so I can actually live, which makes my motivation stick around. I can now socialise without feeling like my energy has been sucked out of me after one conversation. I can now do my homework and chores. I do things in my free time, instead of crashing in bed after a day of school.

Though my appetite changed, and I lost a lot of weight, I have a lot to thank concerta for."
"I was on the shot for 5 years. Yes, I know to long. Now I am 40 lbs overweight cause of it. It&#039;s driving me crazy because I&#039;ve always been an athletic, fit person, but after I gave birth to a special needs son, I needed something that I didn&#039;t have to think about for awhile. I exercised, I diet nothing worked. I got a new doctor. I am now on my second week of the patch. I have to say I have never been more emotional in my life, and the breast tenderness is crazy. Today is the day I was supposed to have returned to get another shot so I&#039;m hoping these side effects are due to doubling up on birth control for 2 weeks and things will even out. "
"I am 26 years old &amp; struggle with ADHD, PTSD, anxiety, an eating disorder, and dysthymia (bipolar type 2 now?). 
I always had impulse control issues and hypersensitive. Very irritable. Could go from laughing to crying in 20 seconds. 
I tried so hard my whole life to control my emotions and thoughts. Eventually self medicated with drugs. 
Finally decided to get sober and doctor said it be much easier if I stabilized my emotions so he recommended lamictal - because I refused to take any medications that make me gain weight. 

Lamictal changed my life. Don&#039;t get me wrong- I still get annoyed - but I can stop, think, and react calmly in a way that I just couldn&#039;t do before. I also don&#039;t cry over every little thing any more. Lamictal saved my life!"
"I looked into it and burning from monistat often occurs when you have an infection other than a yeast infection because the pH levels are different and cause a different reaction. Yeast infections don&#039;t change pH in this way. Use an infection screening kit from any pharmacy and make SURE you only have a yeast infection before using monistat... 

I had only a yeast infection and therefore experienced none of this itching or burning, just light cramps."
"I was diagnosed in 2009 and started taking it while it was just a study pill.  I did get joint pain pretty bad.  I was in remission about a year later.  The joint pain was bothersome and I had to take it for life.  Well I stopped taking it in 02/2012. I told myself I was a lot better.  Well guess what my leukemia is back.  I need to go see my doctor again and need to get back on it.  So everyone please don&#039;t stop taking it like I did.  I hope and Pray that I will fight it again and win again."
"I have been on Estarylla for about 6 months now and I have had just about every side effect I could think of. Extreme weight gain and loss every other month, loss of appetite, loss of libido, and EXTREME mood swings. It helped my acne for a little while and now it has returned. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so that&#039;s good. I am just too scared to stop taking it or start taking something new because of my acne."
"
xanax forums are full of how xanax can  be so strong for some people. to me it was like a sledgehammer over my head. I woke 6 hours later with no recollection of what went on other than I slept. this was a low dose. It is either panic or been knocked out. Where are all these pleasant experiences I hear about?"
"Cymbalta has really helped with my bi-polar/panic disorder. I have been looking for the right medicines for a long time and since I was put on Cymbalta I have seen an improvement. I&#039;m very happy with how I feel lately."
"Had no heart racing or itchiness side effects with this product, likely because it wasn&#039;t effective either! Had free coupon to try, will be going back for $50 proair...."
"I was originally given this for social anxiety disorder with no effect at all. I noticed that it had made a difference to my migraines though. I was getting them everyday, without fail. And I wasn&#039;t allowed anymore painkillers after being on codydramol for a year. Over the counter medication wasn&#039;t doing anything for it either. Once I started taking Propranalol I noticed they were becoming less frequent. And if it does come on bad from a stressful day over the counter medication combined with it works. I take 2 a day everyday and haven&#039;t had a migraine for a good few weeks now. The longest has been about 6 weeks with no migraines or even headaches."
"I&#039;m so depressed I cry for no reason I was a little depressed its been a dramatic increase in depression I don&#039;t like it at all"
"I bought Abreva the day I got a coldsore and now it&#039;s day two and i can not believe the improvement. It is like magic. Although it is still there, the swelling went down and the redness went down too. I am astonished. It will forever be my holy grail."
"I Experienced horrible vertigo on this medication.  Eventually caused a seizure followed by an excruciatingly painful nerve attack that I had never experienced before.  I am now diagnosed with fibromyalgia 6 months later after stopping this medication.  I think that the seizure it caused might have permanently damaged my nerve functions."
"Worked for me, I stared losing weight faster than before.

Note you aren&#039;t supposed to take this on its own. You got to diet and exercise."
"This pill cleared up so many of my mental and physical symptoms that it&#039;s difficult to list them all. Gone are the black-and-white thinking, the ceaseless pain of existing, the social anxiety, irrational and confused thoughts, inability to truly engage with the world, hopelessness, blank future, exhaustion no matter how much I sleep, procrastination, and psychic agony that only self-harm could alleviate. Not only can I hold an extended conversation with someone, I&#039;m also able to appreciate this improvement in my life instead of feeling like it doesn&#039;t matter.

Unfortunately, my libido is also gone. Since it was low to begin with, I don&#039;t miss it too much, but one day I&#039;d like to know what having a libido is like. Wellbutrin, perhaps?"
"Started 12 days ago at 231lbs., I have lost 11 lbs. No exercise, no cravings...its great! I take the pill 37.5 mg at 7 a,m so I sleep at night with no problems. I wish I would have tried this sooner rather than trying so many fad diets, wasting time. I feel in control of my eating for the first time in years, no more hitting the drive through on the way to &amp; from work each day. Bonus...I have extra cash now that I am not going out all the time buying junk &amp; snacks all day."
"I&#039;ve been on Buspar for about 6 weeks. At first I had headaches that turned into migraines. After taking 15 mg in am, 15 in the pm as prescribed. I no longer have experienced anxieties attacks and handle stress much better."
"I was prescribed this medication several years ago for anxiety disorder and depression with serious insomnia. It worked like a charm to help me get a really good night&#039;s sleep and saved my sanity. I took it daily for about 2 years.. It really knocked me out, so that if someone woke me in the middle of the night I was pretty much incoherent and felt heavily drugged. I did feel alert and rested in the morning. Worst thing for me was a rare side effect that caused my bone marrow to stop producing white blood cells. A swollen lymph node resulted in a blood test, which showed no wbc&#039;s at all. Scared of cancer, but my doc told me to stop taking this drug and the tests afterward were back to normal. I suggest you get blood tests if on this med."
"I am a 19 year old female. I have been using Pristiq for over 3 weeks now. The first couple of days were pretty intense for me, I was very jittery, had a constant feeling of a ball being in the back of my throat, and was constantly thirsty. My second week was great, I started seeing very positive results. Pristiq really suppresses my appetite, but I&#039;ve only lost a couple of pounds. Constipation is also another thing to be prepared for. I take it in the morning and it boosts my mood. I am also taking clonazapem for the night time. I would recommend this medication for people with mood disorders, but You have to be patient to see results. The first couple of days might frighten you a little, but be patient and see how you feel after a couple of weeks."
"UPDATE: Started on April 8th 2017, 47yr old female, 5ft. 3in. 221.6lbs. This morning my weight is 183.4lbs. Down 38.2lbs, once again basically with no exercise, just Contrave which in turn gave me the ability to make better food choices, and has lead to watching my carb and calorie intake. It IS a lifestyle change. One I never thought I could make, but it takes repeatedly making good choices for it to become a habit, and with Contrave I care what I put in my mouth now, cuz I want to keep losing and not gain. Friday is my cheat day!! :-)"
"I&#039;ve been on Microgestin for almost 3 years, and the only side effect I ever had was that it cleared up my acne completely. My periods are very light now and extremely regular, as opposed to being heavy and sporadic before. Have had constant unprotected sex for 3 years and have never had a scare whatsoever. Oh and it&#039;s free with my insurance. 100% win."
"Had the nexplanon since July 2015 the first month of having it was fine the second month hit and my period began and did not stop until the third month hit.  My periods usually last a few days but a month long heavy period was just crazy.  I was losing hair gaining weight having awful mood swings and becoming depressed. I consulted with my doctor to have it removed, she didn&#039;t want to remove and wanted me to come back a few months later to see if things would change. Now three months later I&#039;ve gained 20 lbs and the periods have become worse! By the end of my period I have zero energy. My sex drive has come back surprisingly but everything is still the same. It has prevented pregnancy but I do not prefer this type of birth control."
"I started taking phentermine yesterday, I was really happy with how much energy I had. Not any noticeable side effects besides maybe caffeine type high but the insomnia was really noticeable. Hoping it calms down but I&#039;m 5&#039;2 197lbs and I&#039;ve been working out at the gym eating healthier and just can&#039;t seem to drop weight. Hoping this will give me the boost and gain confidence and keep it going.
CW197 GW130"
"I had surgeries in the past to remove a buffalo hump and  fat on my neck due to HIV medicines I was taking. Recently in February   I started taking complera, little by little I started to gain weight, having pain on my back and today I was looking myself in the mirror and I notice I&#039;m losing definition between my face and my neck. I&#039;m starting to look like a monsters again - I&#039;m developing a buffalo hump again.  I guess I didn&#039;t want to see it  because I&#039;m  tired of changing medicines. Is very frustrating today was the last day I&#039;m  taking HIV medicines."
"I took imovane for 2 months earlier this year to help with insomnia caused by anxiety from a health scare. It worked great in putting me to sleep in minimal time. The taste wasn&#039;t ideal but not a big issue, and I had no other side effects. But on stopping my underlying anxiety increased. I recommend it more for occasional use to avoid psychological dependancy."
"I am on week 3 of Chantix and it has helped. I didn&#039;t really want to quit 100% but it was so easy that I wanted to quit more and more as each day passed that I didn&#039;t smoke. I have felt some of the &quot;foggy&quot; feeling that people talk about but it goes away after a few minutes. Only day 9 without smoking but so far it has been a breeze."
"I had very bad experience with Ditropan (Oxybutynin in tablets) with unacceptable side effects. After some years my GP suggested trial of Oxybutynin patches. That was the second best thing after sliced bread. Within 2 days I went from up to 6 wetting incidents per 24 hours to 0 and in the following weeks a substantial reduction in the leaking of urine. I have now used Oxytrol for 5 weeks and the only side effect is severe constipation, which seems to be helped by changing the Oxytrol patch every 5 days instead of 3 or 4. I have no other side effects, no dry mouth, no sensitive skin where the patches have been sitting on either side of the body. So I am a very satisfied user, no more large pads, nappies, PVC pants just a normal size Tena pad."
"I began taking 25 mg of topamax once daily due to my migraines lingering 2-3 days at a time. Topamax did a NUMBER on my body. I completely stopped eating. Every time I tried to eat I took ONE BITE and would gag. I felt so extremely full constantly eventhough I knew I had not eaten. Topamax completely destroyed my appetite and although I&#039;ve been off of the medication for 6 months I still never crave ANYthing. I eat when I&#039;m hungry but I no longer have any cravings. While taking this medication I lost a lot of my memory. I was constantly hazy or confused and I felt like I was always searching for my task. I became malnourished and confused that I quit taking the medicine completely. I would never recommend this medication bc of side effects!"
"Overall venlafaxine did what it was supposed to do, it kept my moods level, however; the withdrawals from having to stop it after becoming pregnant were horrible. Even with titrating off of it my brain and body felt like they were going to explode. The brain shivers landed me in the hospital (hyperemesis gravidarum didn&#039;t exactly help). The withdrawals alone will stop me from ever taking venlafaxine again."
"I am a 41yr old female 5&#039;11 starting weight 354lbs. I have been taking Qsymia since 11/14/12 and have lost 19lbs. The weight loss was extremely fast the first couple of weeks until I switched from the initial dosage to my regular dosage. Then it seemed my body caught up to or got used to the medicine and the weight loss slowed dramatically. It has been 2lbs, 2lbs, 0lbs consecutively. I am hoping that this is not the trend and that I will be able to pick back up the 2lb a week weight loss. I experienced face numbness, headache, dry mouth but they are starting to subside."
"Worst experience ever with this birth control. Bad symptoms: weight gain, depression, anxiety, stretch marks, easy bruising"
"Took buspar for the first time yesterday. My PTSD has been growing into agoraphobia slowly and it has been debilitating.  Started 7.5mg of the buspar and not even and hour later,  I was walking like a drunk, felt like my entire body was being zapped if I moved my neck or head.  I was so dizzy I had to take a nap.  Decided maybe I&#039;d be better with the night time dose.  Took it before bed,  fell asleep,  and woke up every two hours. Ended up wetting the bed (not an issue I&#039;ve had ever) and still too damned dizzy to get up.  I&#039;m in my mid twenties. This medication doesn&#039;t help me and I&#039;d rather stay on the Clonazepam."
"I started Allegra-D 12 hour in 1999 for allergies that left me with migraines &amp; a neck so stiff that I could barley turn my head. Allegra-D 12 hour was a miracle &amp; one tablet a day brought me back to fully functional.

It worked great for 15 years. But in summer of 2015, something changed. I would get a box that didn&#039;t work as well, then a box that worked just fine.  I emailed the manufacturer to ask if they had changed binders / fillers that might make it harder to metabolize the active ingredients. Of course they said &quot;no&quot;. 

 Since summer of 2015, Allegra-D has been about as effective as taking a sugar pill. Don&#039;t waste your money. Email the company, demand they go back to the old formulation."
"I have been suffering from insomnia caused by  from PTSD after giving birth to my baby girl 7 months ago.  The insomnia started 3 months in and I tried Ambien and Trazadone.  Both managed to barely carve out a few hours of bad sleep a night.  Belsomra gave me my life back.  I am finally able to go asleep and actually stay asleep for a full 7-8 hours a night.  I do still have to take 50mg Trazadone with 10mg Belsomra.  It&#039;s the best combination ever.  The sleep is so gentle and natural too and if I have to wake up to use the restroom, no problem and I go back to sleep.  The first 2 days I did have the hangover pretty badly, but it went away after that.  It has only been 2 weeks so fingers crossed it will keep working."
"Used twice so far had rather fast relieve within an hr or 2, was up and down the toilet a few time but would rather have it out than in."
"I was previously on lutera and best pill ever with no side effects until the manufacturer change. So my obgyn switched me to sronyx because she said it&#039;s the same equivalent. This pill is TERRIBLE!!!! For the first 3 months everything seemed fine and no side effects. After that I started getting bad headaches 3-4 times a week, I was moody and snappy half the month from PMS time to the end of my period, I got my period before I made it to the placebo pills, got horrible cramps which I never get, crying spells, nausea after eating and breakouts. The only benefits are weight loss and increased sex drive, which my boyfriend loves. My obgyn said if this pill didn&#039;t work out she would switch me to lessina or alesse and I am switching."
"I&#039;ve been taking Ambien since January 2006 and about 4 weeks ago I began to have issues sleeping only been getting 2-3 hrs a night. I called my psychologist and family doctor about the situation. I was given Lunesta through my family doctor. Tried that for a couple days and couldn&#039;t still couldn&#039;t sleep. Then I thought it was my Wellbutrin so I went &quot;cold turkey&quot; on that for about a week until I almost had a break down. Then I started taking half of my Wellbutrin and feel a little better. My psychologist just gave me a prescription for the Ambien Cr and only have taken for 2 nights so far. I just want some sleep.. my grades are suffering and so is my job."
"While on the depo I had no issues other than severe weight gain. They tried to tell me that I was eating more and that&#039;s what caused it, but I was very strict about what I ate so I know without a doubt it wasn&#039;t that. Once I stopped the depo, about 2 months after I stopped the shots, I started cycling. My cycle was heavy and painful, and it hasn&#039;t stopped nearly 2.5 years later (I very rarely get a day or two where it isn&#039;t bleeding). I&#039;m still in the process of getting lab work done and finding a resolution. 

Depo seems to work wonderfully for some people, but it works terribly for others. I&#039;m not sure if there&#039;s a way to screen if it will work well with your body or not, but because of this I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"I have failed all treatments for my migraines. Botox was my absolute last resort. I just went for my 3rd session &amp; have to say it&#039;s totally worth it. I&#039;ve gotten up to 2 full months headache free. It&#039;s so wonderful to feel normal again!"
"For years I suffered from severe depression, doctors must have tried every different medicine of this nature in hopes to help me, however it wasn&#039;t until I was given seroquel that I began to feel better, and sleep like a baby. At first I would sleep 12 to 14 hours after taking the medicine, then I began to get used to it. I haven&#039;t had a bout of depression in 3 years. I can sleep again but now around 8 hours a night. I can honestly say I love this pill. Even with the side effects of hunger it&#039;s totally worth it. "
"Just had my first shot today... Did not hurt at all...I have had flu shots that hurt more.  And I could feel the difference immediately.  Very happy!"
"I have been on this medicine for a almost 2 weeks and I finally have my life back. The only thing I am noticing is I can&#039;t eat as much which is a good thing. I also have some itching on my arms but not sure if it&#039;s from the Viberzi."
"Hello strangers. Im here to share my experience of taking emergency contraception, Ellaone. My period cycle has been very irregular last 3 monthes , assumed stresses. Therefore it was very hard to know when exactly my ovulation was. On November 19th, I had unprotected sex with my lover unexpectedly. He had condom initially but it dissappeared.He didnt notice that, so he literally came inside of my vagina. I was panic because of my irregular period cycle, I was not sure about everything. After 17hours of unprotected sexual relationship, I had Ellaone tablet. Regardless how much I worried, my period started today! It was actually starting early then I thought. So dont worry too much! It really works! Release your worries!"
"Hytrin is one of the few blood pressure medications that is controlling my hypertension problem. Very effective medication. I&#039;m very happy with it."
"Used for kidney stones and tooth operations. Made me sing like a Beatle."
"I am 15 and this is the second birth control I&#039;ve tried. Previously I was on Ortho-Tri-Cyclen Lo and I immediately stopped that because it turned me into an emotional monster. I was scared to try this birth control because I didn&#039;t want to get emotional again. But I did try and I love it. I&#039;m on my second pack now. I have NOT gained weight, if anything I&#039;ve lost weight. The only side effects I&#039;ve had is breast tenderness and I get a little nauseous from time to time. But that&#039;s it! Also before my period I will break out a little bit, but after the period this pill keeps my skin clear! This pill doesn&#039;t make me emotional either. So don&#039;t be afraid too try it!"
"I had GW about 5 years ago, which has re-occurred again now.  Reoccurance is largely due to poor immunity.  The pain from broken, damaged skin Aldara causes is unbearable, but worth it because it does work - slowly but eventually.  I found relief by washing the area the next morning, or next day with a weak solution of apple cider vinegar diluted with warm water. This really helps soothe the skin and relieves itching. You can repeat as often as necessary"
"I call this a miracle. Been on for 16 months and haven&#039;t had a single attack. Went from taking five nebulizers treatments a day, to taking ZERO. On top of that it has significantly cut down allergies that was obviously triggered by asthma. I hope you have the success that I have had.  Out of pocket price is the only downfall to Asthmanex."
"Okay with side effects expected- I can put up with being uncomfortable for a good end result...but not okay with fatigue, then rash-itching then had weird spasms-jerking-would wake me up out of deep sleep.  When jumped to blue pill (week 3) felt even more tired.  Doc told me to &quot;just stop pills&quot; if I didn&#039;t like them so I did and went into 8  days of severe headaches.  At best, was able to tolerate low dose, but didn&#039;t feel &quot;better.&quot;   Seems if you find something that works, it&#039;s only for a while- then you either have to find something different, stronger, or combination of drugs. Was hopeful that Viibryd would be the answer.  I would have been willing to try low dose longer but went along with introductory pamphlet."
"I&#039;m almost 21 now and have had acne since I was 12ish. My cheeks are scarred from the moderate to severe acne, and so is my back. Before taking the minocycline my acne was running rampage on my face and back, along with hurting my self-esteem. I was put on minocycline and Aczone (it&#039;s a topical prescription), and my acne began to clear up very quickly. Not necessarily that the scars went away, but I wasn&#039;t haven&#039;t break out after break out. Maybe I have some minor stiffness from the antibiotic, but all in all I haven&#039;t really had any side effects.
Wish everyone the best of luck!"
"I started taking this bc to help with my cramps and heavy period, very bad choice because I have literally been bleeding for 6 months! Most of the time it was spotting, some days it was so heavy and the cramps... they are the worst. I&#039;ve become extremely depressed, I cry like crazy, I can never sleep past 3am and I have become so mean to people.  I wouldn&#039;t recommend this bc to my worst enemy,  it&#039;s terrible"
"I have been on this pill for 9 years and have always loved it. I basically never have a period and have never been pregnant or had a pregnancy scare. HOWEVER, I got my first yeast infection after about 4 months on this pill. My doctor at the time told me this was normal in women. I have been getting yeast infections 3-5 times a year since starting this pill. My new doctor has informed me that this many yeast infections is, in fact, NOT normal. I have just switched my birth control."
"Had to have my thyroid removed because of cancer, after my surgery my weight went way up from 130 pounds to 205! Surgeon finally stabilized my thyroid medicine and I went down to my normal weight. (2011-2012) now I&#039;m back up to 186 pounds! I have tried exercising and dieting with nothing but a big FAIL! Wasn&#039;t even able to lose one pound! Finally my specialist gave me phentermine 37.5! I have only taken it so far for five days (today is day 6) and I have lost about 11 pounds 177.6 is my weight. I feel excellent on this medication and would recommend it to anyone struggling to lose weight! I am definitely going to try to start exercising again this week! Will keep everyone posted. Side effects dry mouth &amp; mood but can handle it."
"I switched to Zubs after being on Subs for 3 months. They are so much better. I&#039;m not sure if people understand the dosing though. It&#039;s not a lower dose than Suboxone. Zubsolv has a higher concentration therefore the 5.7/1.4 is equal to the 8/2. The two medications are identical except Zubs taste a lot better and dissolves faster. I, like most of us, was a very heavy user, and I don&#039;t start to feel withdrawal symptoms after taking my Zubs for at least 3 days. I didn&#039;t read through all the posts, but the few I did, the people were still using, so of course you&#039;re going to experience withdrawal faster...you&#039;re still using!!"
"I&#039;ve had sciatica for 20 years. On and of a number of different meds but had negative effects. Had a bad fall Oct 30-2013 (i&#039;m 65 on walker and canes) and square on my coccyx. Oh boy. Doc gave me Toradol pills--nothing, then cyclobenzaprine--bad effect, then BACLOFEN 5MG 3X DAY DOES HELP ME SLEEP AT NIGHT. ON IT NOW A MONTH."
"My daughter has been taking Accutane for 6 months now and her skin is FLAWLESS! She is so happy!  She has been complaining of back pain, but she is going to a chiropractor and getting adjusted regularly, which seems to help.  At first her lips were terribly chapped!  But I bought some really good chapstick and now she is fine.  She is tired, but she is also a teenager, so that may come in to play.  She would not wear tank tops last summer because her skin was so broke out.  Now I am planning my wedding and she is only looking at strapless dresses!  This has boosted her confidence and I am thankful she was able to take this medicine!"
"Tried several meds before patch, but have Crohns, so they just gave me diarrhea. I was excited about the patch, hoping it would not interfere with my colon. It has not. Although at 1 mg sample, I feel huge improvement, still not sleeping through the night, may have to go up a bit. But already feel much more awake. It seems to give me headaches, so I take the patch off in the morning and just re-apply new one before bed. It makes me fall asleep so fast, sometimes I don&#039;t get Cpap machine on for sleep apnea, so dr can see what&#039;s going on."
"Was given this medication after having Salmonella, was very sick and recovered in two days! Treats all sorts of illnesses so works an absolute charm."
"Never ever again.
It is now 12:50 in the morning. I took 2 of these tablets at 6:00pm last night for mild constipation.
I am currently in absolute agony! It was worse 30 minutes ago however. It was so bad then that I was close to getting my wife to take me to the hospital!
That was before I read these reviews.
The stomach cramps associated with this medication are simply ridiculous.
What happened in my case was I passed two large stools and then the flood gates opened! Literally.
I have had bowel preps for colonoscopy exams in the past and they were pleasant compared to this!
Still got raging cramps but no more movement. Although it feels like I want to,if you know what I mean.
Oh and I forgot to mention the sweats.
Horrible medication!"
"Long story short, I took this pill immediately after having sex for the first time in 2 years after having my 1st child, ran to CVS, bought $50 pill and took it. Found out I was pregnant 2wks later. Carried the baby and still felt blessed to have it even though I tried to prevent it, it happened, oh well, and i was 8weeks and 4days today and i miscarried at 8weeks and 2days. Had surgery done this morning to remove placenta since I&#039;ve already miscarried the baby in the toilet the night prior. Well i feel like this pill caused it and made it a toxic environment so it wouldn&#039;t last. All I gotta say is good luck to u all."
"I was prescribed .5mg to be taken 2 times daily for anxiety. At first I would only take a single .5mg dose every once in a while if I had an anxiety issue, which seemed to help a bit. Well, last week I was anxious most of the week so I decided to take a single, .5mg dose once a day for 4 days straight. Boy was that a bad idea!!! 2 days after stopping, my anxiety symptoms skyrocketed multiple times worse than before I even started the medicine. I had severe withdrawal symptoms for over a week after and didn&#039;t know a dependence could be gained in such a short period of time. My psychiatrist even said it was nearly impossible for that short a period at that dose. I won&#039;t continue this medication. Beware!"
"No effects, no side effects, no nothing  Pristiq was touted as a powerful anti-depressant with an anti-anxiety drug built in. Besides clinical depression, I struggle with PTSD, agoraphobia, and anxiety disorders. All the years on Pristiq, my mood ranged from nervous to suicidal. I had several anxiety attacks, always in public places, and certainly was not capable of a normal life. About two weeks ago, I decided to stop my 150mg @ day dose. I experienced no withdrawls. My head was clear. I began to set &amp; meet small goals. I cry a lot, for example, over music. But it&#039;s good crying. My thoughts can sometimes be labeled &quot;irrational&quot;, e.g., I often believe my scripts are placebos. No more Pristiq."
"I had been using lorazepam &ldquo;as needed&rdquo; to deal with early-morning anxiety/insomnia for about 3 years but worried about tolerance, so wanted to try trazodone, hoping also for help with erections (I&rsquo;m 68). First night 25 mg did not help with insomnia (in fact made it worse) and caused brief nausea, but ZERO morning anxiety and 2 good erections. Next night insomnia returned to baseline, no nausea or other side effects, and no anxiety, but no more erections. Continued like this for 5 more nights. Then I tried 50 mg for 3 nights. First night insomnia was worse but otherwise the same effects. Next 2 nights saw next-day anxiety return, plus dry mouth, lightheadedness, weakness, and incoordination. Thinking of bailing."
"I have Interstitial Cystitis which is a horrible condition to begin with and like a fool I bought Miconazole to treat what I thought was a yeast infection.  Never again!  I used the three day and it caused horrible burning and itching.  Anyone who knows what IC is knows that patients with that condition all ready have burning and frequent urination, so this drug was certainly not helping but making me so much worse.  There should be a warning on the box not to use it if you have this condition!"
"This medication has worked well for me. It is becoming cost prohibitive."
"My periods have been getting very heavy as I&#039;ve been getting older (just turned 40). I was told to start the pack on The Sunday I started my period, so was on my 3rd day. Every day since then I&#039;ve been bleeding various amounts, and some days have had mild cramps. Hoping by the second trial pack this stops. 1 week of heavy period is better than everyday of the month bleeding. My libido is lower, but not sure if that&#039;s the medicine or the fact I&#039;m bleeding daily :("
"I have severe osteoarthritis and advanced joint degenerative disease. I have been on many different kinds of medicines in the past including Methadone and I think the Roxicodone 30mg. is by far the best. This medicine you can actually function on and be totally out of pain!"
"Started taking Welchol in 2012.  To date my LDL has dropped 30%.  I recently took the time to read the insert with the medication and was appalled to see that this medication contains aspartame.  This is the sugar substitute that I stopped using several years ago because of the muscle pain I was experiencing.  Two weeks later the muscle pain was gone.
I was also diagnosed with Stage IV Breast Cancer in April, 2015.  Aspartame is suspected to be a cancer causing agent.
What is this drug company thinking?  Stevia is a sugar substitute that is safe and it&#039;s a natural sweetener.  If a sweetener is necessary, why not use Stevia.  I am weaning myself off of Welchol, and will consult with my cardiologist at my next visit."
"EXTREMELY blessed to have insurance coverage for this medicine. I have Multiple Sclerosis and am 29 years old. I have been sick for about 3 years now, which was about 6 months after the birth of my first and only child. My prior conditions are mostly autoimmune, ranging from Cardiomyopathy to Crohn&#039;s Disease. My disabilities from Multiple Sclerosis include right leg/foot drop or weakness, numbness, urinary issues, balance issues, SEVERE nerve pain, etc. I have been on Rebif for a month and have titrated up to the highest level of 44mcg. I have extreme fatigue, bruising at injection site, and flu like symptoms, but I have noticed the longer I have been on it, the better my worst days are. So I am praying this will work."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about a year and well I did gain about 10-15 pounds and what&#039;s worse is that it makes me lazy and exhausted all the time. It does have some benefits like not getting pregnant, it made my face clear up and glow, also regular short and light periods, and I did in fact noticed my boobs get bigger which I did not mind. Once I noticed my weight gain I had to make healthier choices and definitely work out. I just don&#039;t like that it makes me tired. I read on here that it affects your sex drive. I&#039;ve never had a problem with mine. I do believe every body reacts to it differently."
"I usually get 2 UTI per year.  I started a week ago noticing a smell to my urine and some cramping but no pain while urinating.  A few days after that the familiar sting appeared when I would stop the flow of urine.  I knew right away what was happening so I went straight to get a culture done and they put me on macrobid.  I started it on a Saturday morning and was able to sleep peacefully and uninterrupted by that night.  It is 5 days later and I don&#039;t feel 100% but close to it.  I have not had any negative side effects from the drug at all.  The first few days my bowel movements looked a funny color but so far nothing as terrible as others seem to have experienced.  In the past I have also taken Cipro and that seems to work about the same"
"Help! I take adderal so I have to take Trazodone to help me sleep. 20 mins after I take Trazodone I binge eat. I have gained 20 to 30 pounds. Is there another medication I can take to help me sleep and not binge eat? I&#039;m also trying to get pregnant so it has to be safe to take. Please help!"
"This is the 1st BC pill I&#039;ve ever taken. I&#039;m 43, was having heavy periods &amp; horrible pelvic pain (sleeping with a heating pad between my legs).  Gyno said this is safest level of hormones and it would help with my periods/pelvic pain.  Started taking April 2017.  That month had period on white pill days.  No cramps &amp; a little lighter than my periods usually are.  May was pack 2 and white pills came, brown pills and no period. 2nd week of June mid pack and I started spotting Sunday - was heavier by Monday but no cramps.  Called GYNO office to inquire and was told that it may take 3-4 months for my body to get used to pills.  I&#039;ve been bleeding lightly when I wipe for about 6 days now.   I&#039;m hoping the bleeding doesn&#039;t worsen."
"I wrote a few days ago on 11/13/15. I finally started feeling an increase in my mood over the weekend! It is still very early on, and I am only on Latuda 40mg, but this has left me feeling very optimistic! I got out of bed a little easier today, and when I got to work I had lots of energy. One of my friends texted me and I actually felt excited to text him back (most of my friends know that I&#039;m hard to get a hold of since I&#039;ve been so isolating). It&#039;s still early in the morning as I write this, and my depression tends to get worse toward the end of the work day since I don&#039;t know exactly what I will do with myself once I get home for the day, but I am feeling better and I can only hope things continue in this direction!"
"Initially I really liked this medication.  Much less initial sting after application than the drops I used before.  However, after about two weeks of use, I had an allergic reaction that caused my eyes to appear as if I had conjunctivitis.  Didn&#039;t realize it was the Lastacaft and went to the doctor for anti-biotic drops.  After my eyes cleared up in two or three days, I again applied Lastacaft and immediately looked like my eyeballs were bleeding.  My vision got blurry and my eyes were very sensitive to light.  I am one of the &lt;4% with an allergic reaction. "
"I am on my 2nd day of taking Citalopram. I have felt a little off from the side effects but I also noticed I have more energy and have felt &quot;happier&quot; and more patient (especially with my daughter) I&#039;m only 24 and I am not on any other medication. I have tried to handle my depression and anxiety on my own until it was ultimately consuming my life and happiness. So far this medicine seems to be working- even though I know you are not suppose to notice anything until a couple weeks. I never wanted to be on any type of medication and if you&#039;re leery about starting like I was don&#039;t be ashamed. Sometimes we can&#039;t handle everything on our own and it&#039;s okay to admit it and seek help."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for a month and a half. It&#039;s the first time I&#039;ve been on the pill. I&#039;m someone who usually gets sick easily so I was expecting to have every negative symptom imaginable after starting this birth control. The first week I only noticed that I felt nauseous and after that my body got used to it. Negative effects that I had were uncomfortable cramping the week before and after I took the inactive pills, a period that lasted 8 1/2 days, and bad clotting during my period. I&#039;ve actually lost about ten pounds since taking this pill. I&#039;m not sure if this is related or not, but I&#039;ve been a little restless during sleep and have mild headaches more often. There hasn&#039;t been any change in my sex drive at all."
"I hate this birth control it is not worth it. I only had it on for not even a week, just barely, and I am having so much pain throughout my body that I didn&#039;t have before. I have pain in my lower leg, chest pains that make my breathing feel even heavier and clenching, stomach pains even though my diet has been consistent and watched for the past few months,  and now this throbbing headache that won&#039;t go away. I tried to wait it out but I can&#039;t, I&#039;m suffering so much and it&#039;s worsening my depression/anxiety. Originally went in for a referral to see an endocrinologist for my chin acne, now i&#039;m suffering physically and mentally. Don&#039;t be like me, speak up for what YOU want, not what your doctor wants. :("
"Did not help depression. Caused immediate aggressive and angry feelings and behavior. "
"I got my Mirena a week ago and so far it&#039;s been good. The insertion hurt but it took like five to ten minutes.The first two days I felt a little bloated and heavy in the tummy. But from the third day on I never felt a thing again.I was running five miles these days and tummy feels well. The only thing is that I have been spotting lightly since insertion. But I know that it&#039;s a common side effect and I just have to be patient.
I think a lot of dissatisfaction stems from the insecurity of not being able to have sex with the constant spotting and your partner potentially losing interest. I felt that way at first anyways, but my boyfriend told me he still loves me and told me to stock up on pads and be patient. I felt loved and relieved."
"I have started Contrave off and on for over 8 months now. When I was taking it both morning and evening a did notice the weight loss. My body seemed to just release whatever I ate via bowel movements. I was losing weight. It is hard in the beginning letting the meds get into your system, the dizziness, headaches, moodiness and nauseous feelings did occur with me. I just started back again yesterday. Although it is effective, getting passed the side effects is why I keep stopping."
"Day 1 and this patch has folded over itself and isn&#039;t sticking ... What a great start !"
"i have been taking two different meds for years now with moderate to poor success. Sometimes I have to urinate every hour.  Since taking cialis daily I can go hours without having the urge to urinate,  just like a normal person !  I&#039;m thrilled with the product. Thank you to the drug company for creating this wonderful drug."
"I am 26 years old and have a 4 year old. I wad diagnosed with scoliosis in my upper and lower spine at 13 years of age, and recently 5 bulged disc, sciatica, and a severe pinched nerve along with the sciatic. At first my doctor gave me a script for Percocet and I was able to function. She now will not prescribe the Percocet again, even though the pain clinic has recommended it for me. I also work 80 hours a week through the excruciating pain. "
"Like Celebrex and Vioxx, this caused blood pressure spurts, along with dizziness, weakness, and other side effects. Too dangerous for me to take because of how high it would send my blood pressure within an hour or so of taking it."
"No problems taking this product."
"I have been on Zoloft for a couple of years. Like many, I read the reviews and was afraid to take it, but having established a good connection with my physician and trusting her judgment, I decided to try it out for a few months. We gradually stepped up the dosage, and I am now on 150mg. It really does work wonders for me. I used to worry constantly and was very irrational about some of these worries. I had severe anxiety over my job, and it was starting to reflect negatively in my performance. Now that I am on Zoloft, I feel much more even-keeled, and I don&#039;t seem to ever be too worried about anything. I can have rational thoughts about things that concern me. It doesn&#039;t work for everyone, but it&#039;s worth a shot if you suffer from anxiety."
"I have taken Tamiflu once in the past &amp; don&#039;t recall anything like what I just went through taking it that was also almost 5 years ago, but I feel like if it was this bad I&#039;d remember! I was diagnosed Sunday at Urgent Care with the flu.The first day of medication it was amazing,I thought yes this is working, the second day not so much !I had a horrible headache, was completely drained like to the point of not wanting to move to go to the bathroom, &amp; to say it gave me bowel issues is an understatement!I had horrible diarrhea from it to the point of it happening while I slept!!!I have never had that happen too me with any meds or sickness! I emailed my regular doctor (it was after office hours) &amp; she responded with Stop it!!!!"
"I like it. I took original Trazodone and it made me way too drowsy but as this is slow release I take it in the morning and feel calm all day. I&#039;m actually using it for Panic and obsessive compulsive disorder and depression."
"the active ingredients probably work, but applying the patch is a nightmare! I have tried calling the company and the &quot;customer service&quot; person read me the insert. I can read, I can follow instructions, but I can&#039;t get the backing off without a great deal of struggle. I sometimes end up with half a patch. I am switching to anything else."
"It made me be able to function in society like I used to be able to before I got addicted to lorecet. I have more confidence now. I find that 115mg a day fits me. Everyone is different though. I can sleep good through the night also."
"I would like to say that I have been in pain for approximately 4 years and finally have met with a good doctor who has put me on this medication. I take 7.5 mg pill 4 times daily and it has helped me to be able to move around more as well as being able to get things done. I am glad to have found a good doctor to have helped me feel better, to not be so miserable, and I wish people would not talk about the bad of using narcotic pain relievers as it has been the only thing that has helped me ."
"This is a miracle for me."
"It is extrememly effetive. I&#039;m having mine removed in two days after having it just a few days shy of two years. Insertion hurt like noones business, cramps afterward were the worst I&#039;ve ever had, and my period before was pretty terrible. My periods were irregular after that, prior to this I had 3-4 day periods at the same time every month. Now I never know when theyre coming, I gained a considerable amount of weight, which Ive gotten under control with diet, as my periods are almost always close to two weeks long. Intercourse more often than not is painful or at least uncomfortable, especially with the onset of my period. Sometimes after climax there are temporary very painful cramps. Its worth it for the most part, sometimes its not."
"I took this pill for 5 months in which I gained 25lbs. I stopped taking it but continued to gain weight. I&#039;ve gained a total of 60lbs. Despite exercise and diet I&#039;ve been unable to lose any of the weight. I started the pill when I was 40, I was never in the pill before that. One doctor told me when you start BC in your 40&#039;sit can throw your hormones out of whack. It&#039;s been almost 2 years since I stopped the pill and still have not been able to lose 1lb. If this happened to you please let me know"
"I have had hot flashes for over 2 years with hot flashes that wake me up every hour. I haven&#039;t slept through the night in over a year. I was told to take one .025 at night and I could increase them if it didn&#039;t work. I took that dose for a week and I didn&#039;t feel anything; same old. I then tried a few nights taking 2 and still nothing. After reading the other comments I think I&#039;m going to take 4 tonight and see if that works."
"I have taken Depo-Provera now for 4 years. It took care of the severe pain, cramping, and hot flashes. I have also not had a period since or even spotted. Although it has helped positively with these things there are negative side effects. I gain and plateaued at a whopping 57 pounds. I gained the first 25 pounds in the first 3 months, keeping in mind that I had not changed eating habits or exercise, and now I have stretch marks from the rapid weight gain. All I can say is to try it yourself, this is just how it affected me."
"Works great! Tried most antidepressants, this works the best for me. Dry mouth and constipation lessen over time but it is still quite sedating"
"My son sneezes everytime after he has his Keppra liquid form. He has also gained weight and his abdomen is significantly larger. His face has a redness to it which then turns into a little heat like rash, peels and then goes away after a few days. He has been on it for about a year and a half. His behavior has also been more labile."
"I&#039;ve been taking Natazia for 2 months after being on Yaz for 2 years. I&#039;m having a problem with bloating on this pill. I gained about 5 pounds within the first few weeks of taking it, which I can only attribute to excess fluid retention. I feel so fat on this pill, despite the fact that I work out all the time. I had clear skin while on Yaz, and am now getting acne on my back and my neck. Also, Natazia is supposed to reduce your period, but I have seen no change in mine. I&#039;ll be going back to Yaz next month."
"I have been on Invokana 300 for two years. I have lost weight, my numbers have decreased. It was covered by my insurance - But now the state is no longer covereing Invokana on my insurance because I work for a government funded (Public School). I would like to continue on Invokana.But according to the pharmacy it will now cost me $1342.00 for a 90 day supply."
"Okay so I used NV when I was a late teen with no complications whatsoever.  I&#039;m 32 year old now and just recently started back on it again after my c-section. This has been the worst birth control experience of my life. I&#039;ve used it for 3 weeks and ended up with horrible headaches, extreme cramping in my stomach for a week now non stop, feeling delusional and very irritable with no sex drive what so ever when before taking this I&#039;ve always had a very high sex drive.  I&#039;ve been breastfeeding and flow isn&#039;t all that good anymore, but worst of all, I have found myself so hard on myself and so depressed and its been beyond my control. Felt like I needed to seek help. After reading about side effects I have figured out where the problem was coming from. No more NV 4 me."
"I found the pamphlet for Deplin while sitting in the waiting room. I was very intrigued because all of the adjunct medicines for anti-depressants usually have many side effects. My doctor was skeptical, stating that it was just a vitamin but wrote me a &#039;script.  Effexor is the only one that works for me. I tried Cymbalta for pain issues and spent most of the time in tears. Before my diagnosis, I was constantly suicidal. As of late, my dark moods were back too often. But after 3 days of Deplin, I woke up feeling motivated and hopeful. I am amazed but so grateful. "
"I was on effexor 37.5 mg for 2 years. Worked wonders! I slowly weaned myself off it 6 months ago with minimal side effects. My anxiety has crept up on me again so I have decided to go back on it. I&#039;m on a low dose but it works for me."
"I was constantly struggling to stay awake (sometimes when driving too) and I&#039;m pretty sure I almost lost my new job (started in 02/2009) before training ended. I&#039;m also sure that they doubted I&#039;d be very effective on the phones after training. Also, at the end of training, we had to make an 85% on the final exam to continue to be employed there and I&#039;m sure they thought I would fail. Right before the exam, I quit taking Lyrica, which decreased the severity of the sleep narcolepsy, but didn&#039;t eliminate it. Vyvanse has greatly improved my effectiveness at work and I even got a promotion less than 3 weeks after I began taking it! I&#039;ve had basically no side effects and now with not having to fight to stay awake, Vyvanse relieves a lot of stress and anxiety!"
"I have been on this birth control for several years now. Before Levora, I took Lutera, which is just a lower dose of the same types of hormones. I started having some breakthrough bleeding on Lutera, so my doctor recommended a higher dosage. 

I haven&#039;t had any side effects with Levora. My period usually lasts only 3 days with a light flow and minor cramps. (My period used to be unbearable with heavy flow and bad cramps.)"
"This is my fifth month on Lo Loestrin 24 Fe. First month was normal, second month I stained heavily for 4 days, third month I didn&#039;t get it, and the fourth month I stained heavily for 9-10 days, then got my period a week and a half later for four days. Next month I stained lightly on and off and I started my sixth month about two weeks ago and still no period."
"Had been on prescription strength Naproxen for 6 days before I decided I didn&#039;t feel a benefit. Took nothing for 2 days and then bought Aleve 220 mg per pill and took 2. Not sure what the difference was but have noticed more relief from the constant discomfort while walking."
"I&#039;ve been using Elavil for almost 4 years now and can&#039;t live without it! If I run out before I can get to the pharmacy my symptoms return with a vengeance and I feel awful again! I would recommend this medicine to ANYONE dealing with pain, insomnia or depression to consider this medicine! I started off on a low does (25mgs) per night now only on 50mgs and I have NEVER done so well in my life emotionally or physically! One of the negatives for me has been weight gain and now b=high blood pressure because of the weight BUT I tell everyone I&#039;d rather be fat and happy then skinny and miserable!"
"I have been on Lupron for two years. I got my last shot in December. It has kept my PSA under .03. Can&#039;t wait to see if it is still that low after 3 months! You learn to live with the side effects."
"I have been taking Topamax 50 mg. 2 X daily for over a year now and found that it has helped me alot with a few exceptions.  They are weight loss, kidney stones, tingling in hands &amp; feet &amp; frequent urination.  I found that other medications din&#039;t help (Depakote).  I also take this with Inderal(B/P Med) and Catapres TTS Patch(B/P Med) cause I also suffer high Blood Pressure and these two medications also are good migraine fighting meds.  I do recommend the Topamx."
"We all have challenges in life. I suffer from PTSD and depression. Over the years I have tried a few different medications. My fantastic physican based in Phoenix, AZ recommeded Cymbalta. It has really made a positive difference in my life.

I have noticed that I&#039;m doing a lot better in life. First my body pains have decreased. Followed by I&#039;m more happy and positive. I&#039;m more active in the local community through my commitment to a couple different volunteer organizations.

If it wasn&#039;t for my caring and magnificent physican and NP I wouldn&#039;t be where I&#039;m at today. I&#039;m grateful for their support and on how well Cymbalta works. My quality of life has improved. Thank you for your time."
"I have been on a truck-load of different medicines to treat Bipolar, Lamictal, Depakote, Lithium, Seroquel, Symbyax, Abilify...just to name a few.    Started taking this 10mg/before bed, last week. This does taste horrible, but doesn&#039;t cause nausea and vomiting and I&#039;m real sensitive to taste. It makes my tongue go numb for about 30 minutes and during that time I get the munchies really bad. While I&#039;m trying not to eat the house down my mood elevates. I&#039;ve been getting to sleep a lot easier and staying asleep better. As a whole, I&#039;m feeling better than I have in a long time. Really hoping this medicine works on the long-term for me as I&#039;m tired of trying different ones."
"I have been on metformin for several years now. I take a 1000mg pill in the morning and one at night. My A1C was above 7. Six months ago my Dr. wanted  me to try Trulicity. I take one shot once a week. It didn&#039;t make me nauseous, I didn&#039;t have an upset stomach, burping vile odors, no side effects what-so-ever. I have noticed that I am dropping weight for no unknown reason though. I have not dieted or noticed a change in my appetite but have dropped (so far) about 24 lbs. I went yesterday for my 6 month checkup and my A1C is now down to a 5.8. I am thrilled! Not only have I lost weight without actually trying, but my diabetes is in normal range. I LOVE TRULICITY!"
"I was on Sronyx for 2 years and I never had any issues with it. It did lighten my periods, as well as shorten them. I was sexually active for those 2 years and I never got pregnant, so it did its job. I did notice some months I got pretty bad breast tenderness during my period, but it wasn&#039;t every single month."
"I had a very alarming ADVERSE REACTION to Ativan (Lorazepam), that I never had with any other benzodiazepine, that I&#039;d like to share. My doctor prescribed me 0.5mg of Ativan for my anxiety that I&#039;ve had since a child. Within an hour of taking my first dose I began to experience SCARY hallucinations, delusions, and paranoia. This never happened whenever I took Xanax, Valium, or Klopin, so I don&#039;t know what made Ativan different. 
      Not only did Ativan increase my anxiety, but it also caused these disturbing adverse side effects! I personally did not have a good experience with this drug, and threw the rest away. Please be very careful with it!"
"I did find I built up a tolerance to this med."
"Last night was amazing! I have always been able to achieve a sufficient erection for penetration but I would lose it fast during intercourse . It would come back here and there sometimes. Last night I took (1) 10mg dissolveable tablet and we took a shower. When we got out I went into a massage on her and immediately became erect. It stayed rock hard through foreplay and intercourse. (intercourse lasted much longer as well!) I was able to completely relax and enjoy myself with 110% confidence in the performance. My wife and I both enjoyed the best sexual experience of our lives and I don&#039;t know why I didn&#039;t do this years ago!"
"It is the only thing that has helped my seizure disorder. All other drugs seem to make it worse, or mentally drive me crazy. I&#039;ve been taking clonazepam for about a year now...only a half of a 0.5mg dose. I haven&#039;t had to up it. I believe it&#039;s because I try to only take it as needed, and usually only once per day. Depending on how I&#039;m feeling, I will go a day or two without it. I think this is why my tolerance hasn&#039;t gone up. Highly recommend if you are suffering, being a little tired here and there is worth it compared to all of the nasty side effects the other drugs bring. Even though my doctor tried to argue me on this, and said I should only be on keppra, I stand by what I am feeling first and foremost. Highly recommended"
"Absolutely wonderful medicine at alleviating anxious states. I take 0.5-1.5mg occasionally as needed, transforms anxiety and panic into a state of relaxation and tranquility allowing me to drop off into a deep sleep or have a productive day. I have no side effects whatsoever such as; sedation, dizziness or amnesia. "
"I&#039;m on a very low dose -- 5mg/day -- but have had success until recently. I have never had any side effects or ever felt &quot;drugged&quot;.  It just reduced my anxiety and tendency toward agoraphobia. Recently the agoraphobia has been winning so I have contacted my Doctor to either raise my dose or try a different medication.  I just can&#039;t get myself out the door;  it&#039;s like walking to the end of a high diving board. Stress and panic increases as I get to the end, then the horrible fall like I&#039;m having a heart attack.  Finally floating in the water I am actually fine, and even enjoy myself.  "
"Diagnosed with bronchitis and sinusitis,  I had been unable to sleep as I was coughing terribly all night long. My doctor prescribed me Tessalon Perles and the coughing stopped immediately! I felt relaxed and wonderful and was able to lay down and sleep. However,  5 hours after taking 2 pills, the effects wore off and I was thrust awake coughing something fierce again. Just wish it the meds would last longer!"
"I was prescribed Aldara by my GP for genital warts. I was instructed to use the cream 3x weekly (every other day) and to use it sparingly. I had approx 5 warts at the time of diagnosis, one large, about the size of a pea and the others about the size of crumbs.

I am on my 7th application (beginning Week 3) and already the warts have almost vanished. The largest one has reduced to the size of a crumb and only one other remains. The 1st week and a half I had some discomfort (I couldn&#039;t wear underwear as the treatment area was quite sore &amp; raw) but nothing torturous like other stories I&#039;ve read online. My labia is swollen &amp; a few blisters have developed near the treatment area but I assume this will subside after I stop applying the cream."
"I have been on opioids for over 10 years and have always had a problem with constipation.  I have used several over the counter stool softeners which rarely worked. I could sometimes go almost a week before having a bowel movement. I continue to live with this issue until my doctor recommended&#039;Movantik.  He provided me with samples which I started immediately.   This drug is a miracle!!  i have had a BM almost every day.   I have not had any side effects and I feel great"
"This is only my first shot. I was very symptomatic the morning of the shot - phlegm, restricted breathing, swelling of appendages, face, neck &amp; throat, redness, burning (had idiopathic anaphylaxis/asthma). Twenty minutes after the shot I suddenly felt an unusual open feeling in my sinuses, and my phlegm was gone. I could take an unrestricted breath for the first time in years. I noticed my sore throat, the burning, much of my swelling, and redness was gone. My eyes were wide and white and I guess weren&#039;t swollen because I could focus. I left feeling elated. But driving I began to feel fatigued coupled with bursts of energy, some dizziness and strange mental activity. I didn&#039;t feel safe driving and canceled work. "
"Switching from another  antidepressant to Wellbutrin XL, made my depression worst.  I became very hostile. Ugly mood changes. Changing from one antidepressant to another is the worst thing that I ever did in my life.  Some family members are not speaking to me because of my hostile actions toward them.  Every day I used was a sad day."
"I have generalized anxiety disorder and I only take Valium as needed. When I am going to do something that will make me particularly anxious (e.g. a date with a girl) I take 3mg. It helps me to be myself."
"I used to take Adderall.  My current doctor told me that Adderall is actually amphetamine and that while amphetamine will work for ADHD, it damages dopamine cells by releasing the dopamine inside the cell. She also said that there is increasing evidence that amphetamines increase risk for parkinson&#039;s disease even when it is used as directed."
"I have had psoriasis for a year and was very inflamed &amp; painful. After seeing my GP I was given this medication for it to use twice a day for a week. Tomorrow is the end of that week &amp; honestly the wounds have all healed, redness has gone down completely in most areas others are just a little pink now. This is such a brilliant medication! 

My only complaint is that it did burn a little when I applied it, however this may be due to the wounds."
"Did not work at all for me with kidney stones. They looked shocked when I asked for something else. So long story short, I left in pain."
"I have had high anxiety disorder for as long as I can remember...I have taken many things for it and the only relief I get from it when it is unmanageable by meditation is ativan...I was recently prescribed vistaril and after 8 days and serious side effects have stopped taking it.  I have arythmias and this medication made them worse. I would not recommend this for a gone with any kind of heart issues.. .bad drug"
"Very good migraine medicine. I&#039;ve taken it on several different migraine attacks and it works every time. I do get the side effect of the &quot;warm/tingling sensation&quot; that scared me the first time I took it, but I immediately called my doctor and that is a mild side effect of the drug. Also, I tend to get a heavy sensation around the neck area and tingly sensation in the nose, but they go away after an hour or two and the migraine is completely GONE. Miracle drug for sure! Ask your doctor or neurologist about Treximet!"
"I have been on 10mg of Lexapro 3 days. Day one: I was really dizzy and couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open. Day 2: was awful. I kept throwing up a few hours after taking it. It felt like a hangover and flu mixed. Everything hurt. By the end of day 2 I noticed I wasn&#039;t spending my day planning, thinking, and breaking down tiny details. I was in the moment. It was a little boring at times but it was extremely refreshing. It was amazing to want to go do things without having to make sure everything was thought of. There were no rushes of chest pains. I felt like I should tell everyone how wonderful it was like not be consumed by thought. Day 3: light dizziness and sore muscles. light anxiety after an argument and a concert. I have very high hopes now."
"I had to take triple the amount to get any relief and it made me violently ill for two days.  It took three days before I could eat solid food again!"
"I just got the Mirena today. I have had two children both natural births. After reading reviews I was beyond nervous having this done as everyone seems to think this is painful. I can honestly say I didn&#039;t really feel a thing during the insertion. Maybe the ibprophin did help but still a lot easier then I thought it would be! 6 hours later and still no pain...light bleeding but I am at the end of my period so no biggie really. I am really hoping this works out for me as I am 33 and do not plan on having anymore children. I have typically never have side effect of any medication except the very minor things...so keeping my fingers crossed. I would definitely suggest getting this done if you just don&#039;t feel like being on the pill anymore!!"
"When I say nothing, I mean absolutely nothing helped my face to prevent breakouts and the scarring left behind until now. My mom bought this for me and with thin three days, yes three days, my face looked so good! It was only $15 too, Iv&#039;e been to two dermatologists and whatever they prescribed me made my skin worst. Anything over the counter also made my skin worst over the years. Definitely worth a try and also no burning or irritation for me!"
"It didn&#039;t clear up my UTI and gave me severe tendon issues. I am mincing around hoping my achilles doesn&#039;t snap off. Most of my tendons hurt. My hands are puffy and tingling. STAY AWAY FROM CIPRO! Do not think that if it works once that your problems are over. It is apparently a drug that causes tissue damage that is cumulative until there is a major problem. I have taken it before with no issues, until now. It causes your tissues to not be able to repair themselves. I WAS a very healthy and strong person with a simple UTI."
"I would suggest botox treatment for migraine as the best choice. I had severe headaches and  doctor after diagnosing said that it is because of migraine.Took too many capsules for instant reliefs. But I couldn&#039;t see any changes in my situation. Parents were very much worried regarding the high dose capsule intake. Cousin suggested me to go for a therapeutic botox at Brampton. It brought wonderful changes to my life. Now I am totally free from my migraine problem."
"I am 43 years old, started 4 weeks ago at 186 lbs now at 171.  Sticking with a low calorie/low carb diet.  Getting in lots of cardio.  The pill isn&rsquo;t magic, it&rsquo;s been a lot of work losing, keeping track of foods, finding time to exercise and cook healthy meals for lunch and dinner.  The pill has curbed my appetite, helped with focus and motivation.  No side effects after first week (insomnia, dry mouth).  All around pleased with results but wonder if I could have done it without pills seeing as I stated, it&rsquo;s been a lot of work."
"I&#039;m in my late teens , just found out I have chlamydia I&#039;ve slept with 2 boys at my school and have no clue which one could have passed it , I didn&#039;t think much of the burning during sex or irritation when I pee, I thought about pregnancy but had my period. I&#039;m not so surprised because both times was unprotected but I trusted both boys. It was hard to tell them to get tested. I took the 2 pills around 10:00pm and 2 hr later vomit everywhere I hope this doesn&#039;t happen the second time around just use protection you can&#039;t trust every guy that says he&#039;s clean they can lie or not even know"
"I have had clinical depression for years and been on lots of SSRI&#039;s this medication Cipralex in UK works well with almost no side effects apart from sleepiness and weight gain. It does take a little longer to work but is worth it as I have always been sensitive to other SSRI&#039;s with lots of side effects. This one is great."
"I quit smoking the first day I had to try Chantix! I was a little moody but I made it through! 9 years Oct 22nd! I do not have any sensation to smoke. My husband smokes and I do not want to go back!! I am so pleased!"
"Comment 2: As mentioned in my previous comment, I personally have had no issued with the Depo shot and would have loved to continue on this form of BC. The reason I am stopping is because my older sister tried the shot about 5 years ago while I was away at school. I never knew this about her experience, and our doctor says this side affect has never happened before, but it was like the others where she experienced CONSTANT HEAVY bleeding for months straight, but it wasn&#039;t like a period blood; she was bleeding internally. It made her blood cell count change so drastically they thought she had cancer. She was hospitalized for about a month. I will not be continuing the Depo Shot because she has begged me not too."
"I was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome 2 months ago by my OBGYN. Earlier this year I began to experience a number of odd symptoms such as.

1.Severe mood swings
2.Skipped periods
3.Extreme bloating
4.Mild acne
5.Diminished libido 

I was put on Sprintec and the first 2 weeks where HELL. I experienced nausea (lost 5 lbs) I couldn&#039;t keep anything down it was out of control! Mood became worse. I was ready to call my doctor and ask her to put me on something else but after the nausea subsided (around week 3) I decided to complete the 3 month trial period. Currently on Month 2 and after my first period I felt better than ever! Mood  energy and sex drive are at an all time high.  I will definitely stay on Sprintec."
"Have been on Buspar for a few months, and I like it a lot! It has made severe and paralyzing anxiety lift to a manageable level, even while taking a low dosage of 10 mg daily. My Dr. told me that I can increase the dosage, since in taking so little it doesn&#039;t rid me of anxiety completely (no med can). But I noticed that when I upped my dose my appetite came back more than I would have liked. Essentially, I think it works to strengthen my SSRI (sertraline); and I did have dizziness when I first started and felt pretty bad, but that&#039;s common for anti-anxieties and usually goes away as your body gets used to it. I do still find however after I take my morning dose (usually) with coffee I do feel a bit woozy but it usually wears off quickly."
"Not bad at all. Held my breath and downed the whole 16oz in one chug. 45 mins later, plenty action in the plumbing. No pain, no nausea. Don&#039;t believe everything you read."
"Helps with chills, that crawling out of your skin feeling and anxiety when in opiate withdrawal. Knocked out about 75% of symptoms. I&#039;ve always seemed to be extra sensitive in withdrawal when it comes to those goosebumps chills etc. So I&#039;m lucky that I had an awesome doc at the ER today who understood what I&#039;m going through. Took clonidine 2hrs ago and feel so much better already. I thought I was going to die. Detoxed down to 5mgs of methadone from 70. Last methadone dose was 4 days ago. Still feel like crap. Just not as bad after taking clonidine. Praying I actually get some sleep tonight though."
"I just took the 2 pills today after finding out I got this infectionv(please wear condoms) I haven&#039;t had anything yet as far aa symptoms fingers crossed !"
"I got up Sunday morning with a cold sore. Didn&#039;t get chance to take Valtrex until Monday afternoon around 2 pm. By Tuesday morning it was already clearing up. And by Thursday it was gone. Usually without taking any medication my cold sore would last about a week and a half to two weeks."
"It works but it&#039;s awful and I will never take it again if it&#039;s the only thing available I will never have another colonoscopy. And it&#039;s expensive to cost us $121.04. I paid $21.88 co-pay."
"In a few days short of 6 weeks, I&#039;m down 26 lbs.  Granted I have about 50 lbs more to go.  I have experienced a fair amount of nausea.  It was pretty bad, but it is getting better. I&#039;m drinking more water than ever, partly because it seems to reduce the nausea.  The side effects are a little severe for me, but I like the results so I will march on."
"I&#039;ve been taking Strattera since I was finally diagnosed in February with predominately inattentive type ADHD and I think I might stop taking it altogether. It&#039;s helped with my attention span a little, but the side effects largely overshadow this. I have never experienced such agonizing headaches since I started taking this medication, to the point where I&#039;ve had to call off work several times because I&#039;m so nauseous from the pain. It might just be the combination of medications (I also take Wellbutrin, Zoloft, and Trazodone), but I&#039;d rather live without the headaches than continue taking Strattera hoping it will one day work."
"Absolutely horrible. Been on Viorelle for 4 months now. I get severe headaches for a week, very lightheaded and dizzy.I havnt been able to get out of bed for the past 2 day&#039;s, my body feels very weak, I can&#039;t get my excercise in, I feel very down. I feel this way every 3 weeks. I want to tell the entire world not to take these pills. I&#039;m fine all month until the 3rd and 4th week and then I experience all this. Awful. I can&#039;t wait to let my doctor know on Monday and can&#039;t wait to try something else."
"This is the worst birth control I have been on. I would not recommend this birth control to my worst enemy. I was on it for 3 months and had the worst mood swings, depression and worst acne that I still suffer from even after 2 months being off it. I never usually write reviews online but knew I had to warn anybody thinking about going on this product. I had such a clear face before I began this birth control, a few minor zits during my period but that&#039;s normal for anybody, but after this I still have red cystic acne... It&#039;s horrible. I used to be able to wear no makeup, no I can&#039;t even leave the house without makeup because I&#039;m too self conscious of my acne. DO NOT GO ON THIS BIRTH CONTROL."
"Methadone helped with my chronic lower back pain. I worked up to 80 mg a day. Doctor had his license suspended. Cold turkey withdrawal!!! On day 7 and its pure hell! Oh yeah at first I was great, could move work you name it. But after NO Dr would see me because of who my previous Dr was I had to withdrawal! Beware my friends when you go off methadone you will hate your Dr for giving it to you and wish you were dead to stop the horrible pain. And it takes months to feel normal again. Just getting up to get water takes a long agonizing experience! Plz get off soon with professional help. I didn&#039;t have that. Hospital detox was too full so sent me home with blood pressure 90/60 and falling. Had to call ambulance to go back!"
"Methadone is most likely one of the longest lasting opiates. For this reason it builds in your system and is actually more addicting both physically and mentally than Heroin or any other known opiate. It can take months to get to your desired dose, but it also takes months to get off of, and the biggest challenge is going from 5mg to nothing. It also rots your teeth!"
"Having suffered with Ankylosing Spondylitis for 10 years and with vast peaks and troughs in pain and the awful Methotrexate for 4 years with loads of side effects, I can honestly report Simponi has simply transformed my life. It&#039;s reduced swelling so well on my once sore toes I have excess skin, I&#039;m running and active, I don&#039;t get any morning stiffness and NO SIDE EFFECTS thus far, it has cleared up my Psoriasis as well which sometimes returns towards the end of a month as you&#039;d expect. The delivery method is far superior to methotrexate."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for about 2 years now. The worst part is the irregular periods, I was on the pill before and my period was like clock work. The first couple of periods were heavy and 2 or 3 weeks long. But I do love not worrying about taking something everyday, or refilling rx&#039;s."
"I took it yesterday after our little &quot;oops&quot; and had waited a little over 24 hrs before taking it. Woke up this morning with a terrible yeast infection. So far not all that great but I guess I&#039;ll figure out if it worked sooner rather than later."
"I&#039;m 20 years old and this would be my first YI .I  thought I had a yeast infection about a year ago (turns out it was a bacterial infection) so I went ahead and bought the miconazole cream and and did the 7 day treatment ... no burning no itching just didn&#039;t treat my infection which wasn&#039;t even a YI ... FAST FOWARD TO NOW ... well this IS IN FACT a YI so I went and bought Monistat 7 day cream, took a shower and did my first insert before I went to bed within 2 minutes the ITCHING GOT 1000X WORSE ! I couldn&#039;t sit still I was squirming all over the bathroom!!  It burns like crazy !! I&#039;m about 45 mins in and it has calmed. Hopefully tmw is better :/"
"I&#039;m taking Loseasonique birth control pills...still on the first pack. I&#039;m half way through the first pack that is for 3 months. Everything is normal for me but I&#039;ve been bleeding lightly or should I say spotting for just about a month now. I have a week and a month before I finish with this pack. Just ready for the spotting to stop, but other than that I have no other problems or symptoms."
"My Dr put me on Generess Fe after I had tried Loestrin 24 and Lo-Ovral. I was impressed that a lower dose pill worked for me. The first 5 or 6 months I experienced some spotting mid month, but it wasn&#039;t unbearable and eventually subsided. My periods became very regular and light. They still last a full week, but are light enough that it doesn&#039;t hinder me. I experience very little cramping and mood change. I feel hungry alot and my libido could be better. However, after having a miserable experience with Nuvaring, I am calling my doctor and going back on Generess Fe. By far, this has been my favorite birth control pill."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for a little over 2 months, no bad side effect to report, unless you call loss of appetite and a loss of 20lbs bad. Blood pressure has lowered from 160/89 to 118/76."
"It was an OK experience for me! I don&#039;t think I hit the full effects of it just yet...but Paxil @40mg seems to work much better for me. Tired of trying meds that don&#039;t make me too sleepy as well. Also, my appetite was low so I lost a few extra pounds. If I don&#039;t see results in another 4 weeks, I&#039;ll ask my doctor to put me on Rexulti."
"Ok an update on my Botox treatment , close to 3 weeks since I had this done , it kicked in faster than expected and what a relief to not wear pads for the first time in years and the urge to go has basically gone and now I can sleep all night , a Huge Huge plus , now what many call the down side to the botox is the self cathing , for me I don&#039;t see this as a real down side , it takes just seconds to cath and its no big deal to me , it is such a small price to pay for the huge benefits , but thats just my opinion , cath 5 or 6 times a day , or tinkle every 30 minutes and constant leaking , I&#039;ll take cathing hands down"
"This medication calmed down the inflamation in psoriasis. I was so pleased with the results. After about two weeks of twice daily use, my skin appeared to be getting back to normal; however, I will be starting on Stelara because Humira was ineffective. I can see that all the psoriasis medications are individualized to each person."
"No side affects.
Lowers my A1C
Take it with Victoza. 
Do not have to use Humalog anymore.
Highly recommend it, but it is expensive, the only downfall, and when I first started taking it the places I went to get it filled said I was the very first person to use this."
"I was prescribed Ultram/tramadol for the daily pain I am in due to being crushed from the waist down. I only use it when Tylenol or ibuprofen will not work, which is maybe once a week or a handful of times per month. Ultram does help take the edge off the pain most of the time, but on occasion, just doesn&#039;t help. I need to be sure I have food in my stomach before taking it or it will make me pretty nauseous. It also keeps me up at night if I take it late in the day. I haven&#039;t had any issues concerning withdrawal from it, but it may be because I do not use it on a daily basis, but only when needed."
"My daughter is 21 now, but when she was about 1 or 2 years old, she was prescribed elocon and it permanently stopped her eczema in a few days. I was trying to remember the name of this prescription to recommend, and it just came to me out of the blue. I am so glad I remembered the name; I&#039;m hoping it helps."
"I had tried many, if not Every pain med known to man. Hardware in my neck du to osteomyelitis. Excruciating nerve pain &amp; damage due to Diabetes and Venous Insufficiency, COPD, Etc....Etc... Like I mentioned I&#039;ve tried everything and the Methadone seemed to Help without the side effects. I was on over 100 mgs for quite a while which is why anything I tried for break-through pain was blocked by the methadone. I had spoken to my pain specialist about it and I am taking a giant southbound leap to half of what I&#039;ve been taking for 2-weeks and see what happens and yes, I am &quot;TERRIFIED&quot;. Wish me luck and I let you know about me endeavors
Thanx
           B.T."
"I have been on Cymbalta for 3 weeks now and I feel great. It started working within 48 hours. I am not depressed at all. I have more energy. I feel like me again. The first few nights I had problems staying asleep but it is better now. No negative side effects yet. Sometimes it curbs my appetite but I always over-ate anyway (I&#039;m about 20 lbs. overweight) so I think this is a good thing."
"I  had severe constipation using tramadol once before so I&#039;am using a stool softener this time. I&#039;t works great for pain and moods"
"Ughh I&#039;m so depressed reading the positive reviews (I&#039;m a bit envious I guess) but I take the adderal XR for ADHD and it would work for me for only an hour and that&#039;s it after that I would be a zombie. So tired, no motivation. Bed ridden to be honest. I&#039;m devastated it works for so many people. I had such high hopes. Back to the scratch board again. I didn&#039;t want to believe it was the medicine because of all the positivity but it definitely is. Quite depressed."
"It helps with my seizures and anxiety."
"I&#039;ve only been on this for about 2 weeks and I have tons of symptoms. Mood changes, breast enlargement, bloating, cramping in my abdomen. I&#039;m hoping it helps with my PCOS. I&#039;m going to stick with this medication for another month and if I still have all these symptoms I&#039;m going to get off of it."
"I have been on doxycycline for 5 days and it has irritated my throat due to drainage and constant clearing. Also my nose has been so dry I have trouble breathing."
"I have only been on Estarylla for a month and I am having nothing but issues. I go to the gym regularly and eat a healthy diet and I have done nothing but gain weight. I feel swollen and bloated constantly and I have headaches almost every day. It was given to me as the generic for Sprintec (which was amazing) and I can&#039;t believe how different they are. I am emotional and on edge all of the time. I don&#039;t even want to know what my period will feel like if this is what I am going through already. I don&#039;t know why anyone would want to put themselves through this even for just a birth control. I do not recommend Estarylla at all."
"I&#039;ve been using this pill now for about a month . My mood has changed drastically. I&#039;m always depressed, most of the time I Wana  cry, it makes me feel really nervous , and I can&#039;t stand most people, feeling stressed. I lost few lbs which is a good thing and it controls my weight since I have hormonal imbalance. But I hope to get off this pill asap"
"After a year and a half of working hard at exercise and diet while taking Metformin and Actos I was not able to get my blood sugar down below 140 and it was more often between 170 and 200. I was changed to metformin and Amyril just this last weekend and after just two doses my sugars have been between 80 and 108, something I had started to lose hope could happen for me. I am so thrilled."
"I had such a difficult time getting this approved through my insurance, however, finally I did for $80.00.  What a huge disappointment!!  I have suffered with chronic pain, degenerative arthritis, and insomnia for years.  I was hopeful after watching the commercial, that finally I would find an effective medication.  To my surprise, all it did was help keep me up all night, some ringing in the ears, and absolutely no rest!!  Anyone who says this medication is helpful, must be experiencing the placebo effect."
"In my last review i praised my thoughts on Linzess. Unfortunately this med has lost its effectiveness for me. Suddenly I am all blocked up again. I am taking as directed and eat a good diet with plenty of exercise. Apparenty not for me long term."
"Experienced bad adverse effect with tablets.  No problem with nasal spray"
"Cymbalta is a miracle. Prescribed for depression and anxiety and saw results within 24 hours (yes, unusual). A smile was glued to my face the next day with colleagues asking why I was so happy. Side effects were mild and disappeared quickly. Been on for 6 months now. My lower back pain is gone (suffered for 14 months while seeing doctors) and my PMS symptoms and cramps are non-existent. I used to cry at the drop of the hat, bite the head off of my husband, and get easily irritated and agitated at everyone and everything. My husband claims that I&#039;ve never been nicer. I thank my doctor for having the foresight to suggest it to me."
"This medicine just gave me constant yeast infections."
"I switched from OrthoTricyclen Lo because I was constantly spotting/bleeding in between my periods. I am also mild anemic so my Dr. Said this would be a good option since it has a bit of iron, but also to take iron pills. My period would last 5-7 days. Now that I am on Microgestin, my periods became only 3-4 days, I still have terrible cramps, I&#039;m still spotty if I&#039;m not consistent with taking my pills on time but my skin has been clear even transitioning between the two, even though my family tends to have terrible acne, I somehow got blessed along the way. Everyone&#039;s experience is different I suppose "
"I have been on various antidepressants and benzo&#039;s for 25 years due to depression (bipolar II) and anxiety.  Lamictal has changed my life.  The depression lifted and the anxiety went away.  I dropped the Xanax and Prozac and feel unbelievably well on 300mg of just lamictal.  I&#039;ve felt this way for two years so far.  I wish I had found it years ago.  I do think that the Prozac and Xanax were causing anxiety/depression/exhaustion.  I&#039;m doing fantastic on the lamictal alone."
"My husband is 49 and I am 36 and since he has taken this med now for 5 yrs we have no sex life! Makes me mad! What other med can he be put on to help bump it up to even 1 day a week?!! I thought about having him stop taking it but the only problem is with that.. He is horrible and very mean without this med. 
CAN SOMEONE HELP?"
"I have been using 1.2 mg for 15 days. I lost 8 pounds. However, I am on a diet (no carbs) as well.
I would like to know by other people experiences if it works well without rigorous diet. It has been hard to not  have  any carbs."
"I&#039;m 48 years old, and my Doctor has recently prescribed me Estrace Vaginal Creme because intercourse was becoming unbearable. Very painful and I was tearing! Geez! 
So far, the vaginal pain and dryness seems to be decreasing, as I&#039;ve been only using the creme for the past month. I have no side effects at all so far. That&#039;s a good thing! However, I do find the creme very expensive!"
"36 year old female, diagnosed with Ankylosing Spondylitis at 34. Started Humira every 14 days in February 2016. Noticed a huge difference the morning after taking it. I got my life back! It started to last fewer and fewer days so added Methotrexate in April 2016 and it helped stretch out the time it helped back to 2 weeks again. Had major side effects from the Methotrexate so went off of it in March 2017. The Humira started to decrease again in the time it would last. Took it by itself until April 2017 when I got sick with Bronchopneumonia. Stopped it until the infection was gone and when I went back on 6 weeks later, it wouldn&#039;t help anymore. I am now switching to Simponi."
"Lo Loestrin has worked great for me. My sex drive is slightly increased, if anything. No side effects."
"Started Suprep at 2 p.m. Today. Followed advice found on many blogs and was helped. Ate thick lime Jello...used half the amount of water to make it....about one hour before 1st dose of Suprep. Mixed Suprep with room temp Smart Water. Used a quarter lemon  to rub the rim of the container, then held my nose, drank big gulps and basted my tongue with the lemon  after each gulp. Only smelled the grape scent once.  Sipped tea with lemon afterward and drank slowly the next 32 oz of water. Remained standing and walking...no bending or sitting until needed! So far it has been 2.5 hours....no pains, just almost clear. Was necessary to be in the bathroom...not just close! 
Also ate very lightly starting Friday...procedure is tomorrow at 10:30."
"22, no kids. LOVE. The insertion was painful, I took two ibuprofen 30 minutes prior like my gyno directed.Thanks to the most supportive nurse and nurse aid insertion went smoothly, I was in and out in an hour. After a week of discomfort and 2 months of getting an irregular period I now no longer have a period. This is a miracle device, no kids and no aunts for 5 years."
"Imitrex is truly a miracle for me. It has given me my life back!"
"After one 500mg dose of this drug, I began having a racing heart and my muscles twitching from head to toe, severe dizziness and nausea. This progressed to my ankle and knee joints cracking/popping upon walking, shoulder hurting, toe and finger pain and now, the next day, nerve pain in my occipital region on the back of my head. I began reading and started high doses of magnesium/transdermal mag spray, TONS of water, high doses Vit C, juicing and homemade bone broth with rest for my joints. This medicine apparently severely depletes the body of magnesium, damages michocondria and prevents new tendon cells from being formed. I hope what I&#039;m doing counteracts any long term damage and I&#039;m highly upset it was prescribed with black box warnings!"
"I have been on Yaz for 6 weeks. I know that isn&#039;t very long to make a judgment about it&#039;s effects on acne so I&#039;ll give it the benefit of the doubt. Though it really has not helped my acne at all, I cannot conclude that in the next month or two it wouldn&#039;t help then either. My issue is that the side effects are really discouraging. I have been so tired almost everyday and my energy is low. I&#039;m a fitness fanatic but my workouts haven&#039;t been as good because I&#039;m so tired. I&#039;ve also been more depressed and my appetite has most definitely increased. I have had some mild nausea. I noticed an increase in gas and bloating. My breasts have also been extremely tender and swollen."
"It works, just be patient. Been using it for 8 months,  and my hair is thicker. I use it twice a day."
"Had crippling achilles tendonitis.  Took one dose and never hurt again. Awesome med! Started to work after one dose"
"I was put on this medication February 2014. I had it taken out September 2014.
Why? The supposed &quot;spotting&quot; was more like a daily water fall.
Heavy heavy non stop bleeding. For 6 months.  I had 5 and only 5 days of no blood. There&#039;s was no random spotting as I was promised. Now besides the daily water falls of blood in my panties, my hair started falling out! Yea 23 years old and my hair should NOT be on my pillows or in the sink shower floor and every were I go. Now
My biggest concern. I can&#039;t get pregnant! Has any one else been 100% infertile or unable to become pregnant? I&#039;m so scared!"
"Since taking this med I am experiencing severe spasms in my right side.  Its not my appendix.  It is spasms that vary in duration and intensity, feels just like ovarian cyst.  Have no ovaries anymore.  Anyone experiencing this?"
"I have had Implanon for 3 years. I never had weight gain, mood swings or pain but at the end of the 3 years, for a few months I did get sever acne, depression and weight gain. The two and a half years without periods or the worry if I could get pregnant is worth the few months of acne and weight gain."
"Diovan HCT has controlled my blood pressure for over 10 years.  Recently though my potassium has dropped, I&#039;ve experienced atrial fibrillation and have noticed ringing in my ears.  Have gone to just Diovan and have dropped the diuretic."
"I have been taking cialis for a few years. It works very well. It helped me with ED and both.  But, Unfortunately insurance company restricts me to only 4 of 20 mg pills for every 3 months. Absurd it is. So , l looked around and found the generics and ordered them online.
I am using tadalafil  and it works perfect."
"I&#039;ve suffered from facial eczema for many years now. Within 2 days of starting Elidel I began to see clearing. After 1 week my skin looks healthy again. Works Great and Stops the Itch!"
"Every few months I get a cold sore on my bottom lip. I have naturally plump lips so you can only imagine what this looks like with a plump cold sore smack right in the middle. It makes me want to hide inside for a few days :( 

I&#039;ve been prescribed Valtrex, however, I don&#039;t always have time to get a new prescription so about a month ago, I went to the pharmacy next door and bought Abreva at the first sign of my cold sore (slightly swelling blister in tact under my skin).  The first time I used it, it only decreased the speed which the cold sore formed and I was a bit disappointed. However, today, I&#039;ve been applying it religiously since morning (kid you not like 3x an hour) and though it has taken nearly all day, my cold sore had reduced!!"
"I&#039;ve really liked my time on Trinessa. It&#039;s done everything my doctor told me it would do. My periods went from 5 days to 4, and I no longer get the debilitating cramps and body aches I used to have for three days every month. You can keep weight gain under control if you exercise when you&#039;re taking it since a lot of it is water weight. Might I also say it has done it&#039;s job as a contraceptive as well, so I&#039;m quite happy with it."
"Regardless of all the negative reviews, I tried this birth control &amp; I do like it a lot.  After about 3-4 packs it cleared up my acne (I&#039;m on the inert pills of my 5th pack now), it has relieved my menstrual cramps, helped to regulate my hormones, and is very effective as a birth control.  I like pills that force me to bleed if I miss too many days, which helps to ward off sexual activity that could grant me an unwanted pregnancy.  This does just that.  After about two missed pills you receive your period, and during the inert pills you actually get a period &amp; don&#039;t just spot.  My insurance usually covers it &amp; it was $36 for three months but recently it has become free of charge after my insurance coverage switched &amp; covered contraception."
"This medicine really helps with my conditions. I&#039;ve tried many medicines to no avail. Hope this helps."
"It helped me get mobile in the morning. It helped me move easier during the day."
"Naltrexone worked for me! I can&#039;t believe the dramatic results I have experienced so far. I was with family/friends all weekend the first two days I was on the meds. I had 2 beers and then NO desire for anymore.  I was in great spirits and just didn&#039;t feel the need to continue drinking.  I would recommend this to anyone struggling with addiction.  I finally have hope for my future! My husband couldn&#039;t believe it.  It&#039;s like there is a whole new, much happier me!!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Paroxetine for about 2 years, in the beginning it helped me a lot! After all this years with anxiety I finally felt relaxed, my sleeping improved and I got more secure in relationships. 

Downsides I&#039;ve experienced is drowsiness and difficulty orgasm.

I started out on 20mg then increased to 30, and then up to 40mg two years after the start because the anxiety came back. 
Now 6 month later I want to increase the dosage again and I&#039;m a tarting to questioning  whether I should have this medicin or change. 

In summary, Paroxetine helped me a lot when I was really bad (stress and anxiety) 
Now when I&#039;m working full time I feel that it makes me tired but I still have anxiety and I&#039;m about to reach the maximum dosage."
"I suffered from insomnia for over 10 years. I tried everything under the sun from behavioral modification to herbal supplements to prescription drugs. I started 7.5 mg of Remeron and 7.5 mg of Restoril 5 months ago and I have never slept better. I am so thankful to have found these medications. The first few days I was a bit dizzy and disoriented. And, yes, I have the 10 lb weight gain but that is slowly coming off with proper diet and exercise. This medication literally saved my life."
"I have been on Trinessa for 3 months now. I am 14 years old and am taking it for consistency in my period, acne, and consistent flow. I was very excited to start it because I didn&#039;t have a doubt in my mind that it wouldnt work the way I wanted it to. The first month I was on my period for 24 days. In the short time I&#039;ve been on it i have gained 15 POUNDS!!!! I used to weigh 100-108 pounds now I weigh 120! Makes me wanna cry. I haven&#039;t changed my diet, and I have always exercised daily and remain very active. My acne has not improved, these to things are very devastating to my confidence. It has left me somewhat depressed and moody. I don&#039;t think I would recommend this however every person is different and it may work differently for the"
"I too am experiencing hair loss and want to know what to do about it.  I had been taking 5mcg of Byetta twice a day with only minimal side effects for about 3 months.  Then the specialist recommended increasing to 10mcg and that is when I noticed the severe hair loss.  I had been losing my hair before in small amounts but after taking 10mcg it started really falling out in great clusters.  Once I realized that it must be the Byetta I stopped taking 10mcg and have gone back to 5 but am still losing hair - not as much but still happening.  Does anybody know what I should try - I have read some other blogs and this has been great because now I know I am not alone.  I too have this dilemma - stop the Byetta and gain several stone or no hair?"
"Well I went to my Doctor and asked for medication for general anxiety and depression. I was prescribed Zoloft. I took it with a meal and about two how&#039;s later, I felt like I was having a heart attack as I had chest pain, racing  Pulse and palpitations. And I took my Blood Pressure and it was 140/90, Pulse 110. My usual Blood Pressure is 106/70, pulse 75. After about 6 hours, I began to feel OK again thank goodness. I will not be taking this medicine ever again. Going good back to my Doctor and asking for another medicine."
"Rating it a 1 because I can&#039;t rate it a 0, it&#039;s the worse I&#039;ve had it for over a year now and I&#039;ve never been so moody and emotional in my whole life. Also, Mother Nature loves me so much she won&#039;t leave me alone! (my period) I bleed everyday and I waste so much money on pads. Highly do not recommend!"
"Have used it for pre-cancer on my face probably 6 times since 1996. 
Using it now on a couple of spots on the back of my hand. 
Have always found it perfectly effective. Yes, after a couple weeks it begins to look raw and ugly, but that quickly clears up after treatment stops. In every case the spots were cured. Luckily I have never experienced any of the pain or itchiness that others have reported. Perhaps mostly the ones who had problems bothered to report?
And I still have the original tube of the produce I got back in 1996, and yes, it still works. There was enough in it to keep me going when needed it and obviously it didn&#039;t go bad. The fact it&#039;s in a metal tube may have enabled it&#039;s long life vs a plastic tube."
"I started on 10mg Paxil 2 months ago, and my life is changed. I was able to recognize how amazing life is without the shadow of anxiety which caused my depression. I came back to myself. My therapist recommended doing a trial of 20mg to see if my remaining anxiety issues could be subsided as well. I just started today and I feel a little more lethargic than I&#039;d like to and I fear for my sex life. I&#039;m going to try it for a while until my body adjusts and if I still feel out of sorts, I&#039;m going to drop back down to 10mg. The first week or two of symptoms was pretty terrible, I was yawning excessively. VERY nauseous, tired often...but as soon as my body adjusted, an amazing sense of clarity came over me--first time in 15 years. Life changing."
"I am having my first colonoscopy tomorrow at the age of 21 so I was very nervous about the prep for this. As absolutely awful as the suprep tastes, the prep is no where near as bad as I expected. It kicked in about 20 minutes after the first awful batch. Which tastes like you took Marciano cherry juice and dumped a half a cup of salt in it and drank it. GROSS. But I went twice in about 30 minutes then I would think I was done and I&#039;d start walking and it would hit me again. It really hits you like a ton of bricks when you gotta go. But I went about 10 times and now I&#039;m only going about a half hour at a time. I started crampy and bloated. Drinking all the water and that taste made me a bit nauseous but it went away after a couple minutes."
"I&#039;m writing this from a hospital bed. Got a severe yeast infection within the first week, that turned into a worse infection.  I was almost septic, still won&#039;t know if I have to have surgery."
"For a few years I have had this horrid smell coming from under my crown. I have had dental care from my dentist but the smell would persist. My dentist said he didn&#039;t notice an abscess but I told him that fluid was leaking from under the crown as well. I tried amoxicillin for 14 days (two seperate runs) and it calmed the smell down some but once I stopped the med, the smell came back full force. I am about to finish flagyl and I don&#039;t notice the smell at all. This is great, taste like crap but it works."
"I didn&#039;t really notice any improvements, my mood was just as inconsistent and my anxiety just as prevalent, and I experienced many of the symptoms (notably the inability to sleep, and sometimes very strong nausea for an hour or two after taking the tablet, among others). I tried it twice but both times it had the same effect."
"After four years of chronic sinusitis with total loss of smell unless taking prednisone I was given clarithromycin. An initial 7 day course didn&#039;t quite cut it but after a further 3 days I can now smell and breathe for the first time in years!! Yes it does have some not pleasant side effects worst being nausea and leaving a horrible taste in your mouth but these are worth putting up with for the the quality of life I have now got back.. Food is once again worth eating. Let&#039;s just hope it stays this way."
"After just the 2nd day my energy levels increased dramatically. I was being treated for bronchitis and was also prescribed an inhaler and cough syrup. All three helped my congestion and after about the 4th day I stopped waking up to hacking fits. I would suggest eating something light before taking it because it did make me nauseous."
"I started taking Phentermine in March 2009. So far I have lost 16lbs. Going from 191lbs to 175lbs has already made me feel so much better. I have a challenge from my Doctor to be down 20 more pounds by my next visit in late August. I&#039;m gonna do it. I am very happy that I got introduced to this medicine. I was never able to lose this much weight on my own. For me this drug had some insignificant side effects such as dry mouth and sweating a little more than usual, but these have disappeared with time. I have been stuck at 175lbs for quite a few weeks, because I need to step it up with the exercise. I am so excited for the future because this time I know that I&#039;m gonna make it."
"Absorica worked right away. After the second month, I was almost acne-free. However, at the end of my fifth month, it has stopped working. Acne is coming back on my back, chest, shoulders and face. I&#039;m on 60 mg a day, so I might up my dosage. I am now very skeptical of the product, and I am preparing to just accept my acne, because there is absolutely nothing I can do about it. Even isotretinoin didn&#039;t save me."
"The side effects were severe: I became extremely exhausted and weak. The exhaustion was beyond any form of tiredness imaginable. Month 2 and 3 were the worst. I slept for 12 hours at night and 4 hours in the afternoon. I also had extreme body temperature- very hot at night. I had to sleep with a wet towel around my neck. I did not experience headaches. My treatment ended in August. All Hep C is gone. I am slowly recovering  my strength. Good luck!"
"I am a CF patient that has MRSA in my lungs. Any time I have a flareup, I&#039;m always given oral Zyvox and it knocks the infection out quickly and keeps it away for months! 

Great drug, minimal side effects, very rare for resistance to develop, etc. Only downside is the price, but luckily my insurance covers it with just a 1 dollar or so copay."
"Treatment for frostbite - A little bit expensive, but it beats getting my toes cut off and learning how to walk again. It works better than narcotic pain medicines without all the bad side effects too."
"This medication has worked wonders for me..it changed my life I was a the verge of suicide. It brought me out of my shell and now I&#039;m going back to school and doing well..thanks to this medication."
"Excellent success in relieving symptoms from hyperemesis gravadarum."
"I have been taking this now for 30 days and on the 13 day I felt dizzy and sick to my stomach. I also did not feel emotionally well for a few days after. I lost weight the first week and appetite has been suppressed somewhat. I continue to lose a few pounds a week. Doctor thinks the side effects I have had will diminish so I will be taking this for another month."
"I have tried every over the counter and prescription medicine for GERD that I can think of.  Aciphex is the only one that has ever worked for me.  I have suffered from GERD and other Gastric issues for a long time and I suffer when I run out of this medication.  I love to eat...so...this helps.  "
"I have been taking Dilantin for almost 20   years. Tried all sorts of anti-seizure drugs. You name it I have it. Started Vimpat about 4/5 months ago along with Dilantin. 200mg/day. I felt initially that it is better than others. I did have short seizure (usually don&#039;t get frequently). With increased dose along with Dilantin I am confused, memory loss, dizziness, sort of depressive mood at times. Big thing is the memory loss. I forget what I did at work the other day, things like that. Feel very stressed and have become more sensitive . Major one is memory. "
"I was on Topimax 1000mg a day for approximately 10 years.  Yes, I experienced the side effects of tingling in my fingers &amp; toes sporadically.  Had a migraine maybe 1 time/year (prior I had 2 migraines a week) Finally, the Topimax became ineffective (body probably was immune) and switched to Depakote 250 mg a day (125 mg in the morning and 125 mg at bedtime).  No headache! I did gain 15-20 pounds in the first 3 months- I was well aware of the possible weight gain. Weight gain is well worth it - when the alternative is migraines.  Have to weigh pro&#039;s &amp; con&#039;s.  Also I take OTC 5-HTP to combat the fuzziness and such.  Can&#039;t complain...."
"Of all the asthma medications I have tried over the years Foradil has been the ONLY one that has given consistent, immediate and positive results."
"I am having acne on  back and face for over 7 years, i  tried everything ,and no help, until I got this product it cleared my skin within 2-3 days, I was the happiest teenager ever, however we couldn&#039;t keep buying  it since it cost waaaay to much money and my insurance does not cover any of it which really is bad"
"I&#039;ve only started this pill almost two weeks ago. I&#039;ve never been on birth control before now and was looking for reviews on this brand. I&#039;ve had insanely bad cramps on these that I never used to have, and have had my period for two weeks straight just about, the bleeding still heavier than ever. I started heavy bleeding a few cycles ago, and thought the pill would help. I&#039;ve also gained a lot of weight, which is sad, but I can&#039;t say I&#039;m all that upset to find that my breasts are noticeably bigger. I&#039;ve also generally had lighter acne, only breaking out in one place at a time, but since starting Lo Loestrin Fe I seem to be breaking out more."
"I have found the use of this medication actually life saving. Methadose (Methadone) has greatly improved my quality of life. The single factor that I dislike about this medication is all the very negative perception that people have of those who use Methadose. It seems that everyone thinks that I am a recovering junky."
"I have taken Xanax for over ten years. I used to have full blown panic attacks. I take Xanax when I feel one coming on and it disappears quickly. I could not live or cope without them. They are a lifesaver. I take 1mg tablets three times a day."
"I highly recommend trying this product.  Discounts are available depending on your health insurance provider and Dermatologist.  I first I didn&#039;t follow the directions and used  sometimes once a day.  Once I started using it twice a day I noticed fantastic results.  This paired along with Cerve  moisturizer (the night version)  really did change my life."
"I take Diovan daily with Norvasc 5mg.  I have had no issues with either medicine.  I have had no issues with edema either, which is a relief."
"I have been struggling my entire life with mental health issues that I didn&#039;t realize were there. I have extreme anxiety and have always found it so hard to talk to people with out stuttering and feeling stupid. I experimented many different meds Vistaril seriously changed my life. I am so much happier and so much calmer than I&#039;ve ever been, I feel like a new person."
"I&#039;ve taken Ambien more than 10yrs ago had a scary reaction,  I&#039;ve also taken OTC Sleep Aids including Benadryl is a complete waste sometimes with Benadryl I&#039;d end up waking up in middle of night having to take more &amp; so on!  LUNESTA IS THE ONLY THING THAT EVER WORKED FOR ME. I&#039;d take it 30 mins before bed but my husband would literally have to pick me up off couch and put me in bed because it worked faster than 30 mins I&#039;d wake up feeling fabulous...I also can tell you when I was pregnant in my last trimester they gave me 5mg of Ambien bc they didn&#039;t know much about Lunestas effects during pregnancy...so I took half of 5mg didn&#039;t work took entire 5mg didn&#039;t work!  LOVE LUNESTA!"
"Great improvement over other SSRIs. Visual problems are very limited. Penile anesthesia is absent, muscle rigidity found with other SSRIs are gone (I work out a lot and feel tense all the time). More in terms with reality. Much less drowsiness, fatigue is present, very diminished libido to a point I have to remind myself to get some every now and then. More sex friendly than Zoloft, although Zoloft in small dosage gives better penile vasodilatation and therefore, better sex. 
Overall, I wished this medicine was available 6 months earlier, I would still be married today."
"I was diagnosed with UC when I was 20 years old.  I am now 64 so 44 years with this annoying condition.  Over the years I have been put on various medications but Asacol tablets along with occasional Asacol  foam enemas have kept me well.

I take 8 x 400mg tablets a day (4 first thing in the morning and 4 last thing at night), no side effects whatsoever.  I only need the foam enemas if I get a bit of mucous or that &#039;colitis feeling&#039; and the enemas work within two or three days.  I use the enemas for a week though, to be on the safe side."
"Been on clozapine for over two years. before this I had tried many different oral and depot medications which helped then seem to had run there course with me. although it can take a while to get over the fatigue it causes it definitely helps with voices and delusions as well as just making you feel normal again."
"I started on this medication and since I have taken it the nightmares have been gone. If I forget to take it, then I will have them.  This medication has really helped me get a good nights sleep, every night."
"I&#039;ve been taking Junel for about 6 months now. I switched from Minastrin because I had regular breakthrough bleeding. After Minastrin, I tried Yasmin and Yaz, both of which made me very depressed and moody. Junel seems to not affect my mood as much, but I think it still does a little. I don&#039;t have any breakthrough bleeding with Junel. My one complaint is that during my period, I get terrible migraines. I am like a zombie with nonstop migraines for 3-4 or even 5 days straight. No pain medicine helps. Junel also totally cleared up my acne and gives me light, cramp-free periods. When I&#039;m not taking a hormone, my periods are much heavier and have painful cramping."
"I switched from Testim to Fortesta a year ago since Testim was causing high blood pressure. I am 43, my T levels were below 200, I had no libido and fatigue. I am now using 8 pumps per day, my PSA&#039;s have been great, my pressure is great, my muscle mass is growing, my T levels are above 700 and I am a sexual God according to my wife of 22 years. The sexual drive, performance, stamina and &quot;size&quot; have jumped by leaps and bounds. I&#039;m VERY happy with Fortesta. I should note that the original dose of 4 pumps did nothing for me so my DR bumped it up and maintained it at 8."
"Made me feel like myself again pre drugs and honestly I&#039;m thankful for it"
"I went on Lolo primarily for extreme period pain and it works great. I&#039;ve tried lots of different kinds of birth control and I&#039;m the happiest with Lolo because the side effects are barely there! I had nauseau for the first 3 days only, and I haven&#039;t gained lots of weight like on other ones but I have gained a cup size. I had a bit of spotting the first month and had to use liners but that went away. I&#039;ve had really minor mood swings, definitely not as bad as Marvelon (I cried over everything). Overall, I&#039;m really pleased with this pill."
"I&#039;m currently 27 weeks pregnant, I&#039;ve been having some trouble sleeping so I decided to take unisome, I&#039;ve never felt so restless in my life! I&#039;m wide awake, dry mouth, awful taste in my mouth. I think it had the opposite effect on me, I feel sleepy but just cannot fall asleep. Very frustrating, gonna have to find another solution."
"I use Xanax (1mg) for anxiety and panic disorder. This medicine has been the only drug that has brought relief to to my constant anxiety. I don&#039;t know where I&#039;d be without it. I take the use of this drug very seriously and don&#039;t abuse it. I use it only when needed for panic or when anxiety is so intense I simply can&#039;t tolerate it any longer. When used properly this drug is safe and you will not become addicted. It&#039;s very fast acting (15 min) which is important when a panic attack hits. Side effects are minimal for me. I get the &quot;jelly legs&quot; and that&#039;s about it. It&#039;s never made me stumble or fall though. The generic version isn&#039;t quite as good as the real stuff, but if you must use generic, the round blue tabs are better than the oval ones."
"I was taking Celebrex 200mg&#039;s a day to stop the pain in my lower back, This after spending over $2000 of medical bills and an Epidural on advise from a spine Dr. My racquetball buddy, a heart DR. said Voltaren is better and prescribed a 50mg dose. 
It is a wonder medicine if you can take it.  Voltaren has given me my life back."
"Probably the best antipsychotic I have ever been. I have only responded to Abilify and yet I still had some intense residual depressive, obsessive compulsive, insomnia and anxiety symptoms not allowing me to function well half the time--the side effects of abilify were also too much. My doctor told me about rexulti and how it is a better and more cleaner version of abilify, therefore I agreed to try it. I have now been on it for a year and it has helped me in ways that I am glad that I switched to it. The only issue is that it still causes weight gain and diabetes but these are less severe than on abilify. It is worth dealing with those side effects because now I no longer have insomnia and can function thanks to rexulti."
"I sprained my back in a hit-and-run car accident. Pain medications took the edge off, but I was still in a lot of pain. Lidocaine patches gave me the first relief I have had in a week. The only side effect I have experienced thus far is a headache. This is my first time trying Lidocaine patches, so I am unsure if more side effects will appear."
"I have been taking Benicar 20mg for about three months. I am about 45 lbs overweight and 37 years old. The medication is working very well, my readings are at 120/80 daily, sustained. I do not watch what foods I eat or drink that much, and I also don&#039;t take any other medicines. Excellent product for me!"
"Instantly soothes and repairs irritated skin from allergies and dermatitis. Within a couple uses I can feel it heal well. I&#039;ve been using it off and on for a few months now.

It especially shines right now--I am having a very bad irritation (possibly allergic and can&#039;t contact my PA-C right now, weekends suck...) to a couple new acne gels I&#039;ve been using for about a week and it cut down intense itching and the irritated feeling by 60% last night and was gone when I woke up. But the irritation came back, but it&#039;s much less now since I used the desonide last night. I keep using it every morning and night until a few days/a week after dermatitis completely clears.

This stuff is amazing! Worth the money."
"I was in a head on collision and have 2 herniated disc, nerve damage in my neck and back, and rheumatoid arthritis. I was given Tramadol 50mg and it did nothing to my pain. I had to go to a pain management Doctor and he changed it to Percocets 10/325. I was on those for 2 yrs until I had to start taking 4 of them in the morning. I wouldn&#039;t take anymore during the day because I had other medicines to calm my pain. It was very easy for me to get off them because I didn&#039;t take them all day... just in the morning. Well I went back to my Doctor and I asked him about trying Tramadol again but maybe a higher dose. He put me on 100mg 4 times a day and let me tell you this medicine is wonderful. No side effects."
"I&#039;m on my third patch, and so far so good! I love that I only have to remember to change it once a week. The first week, I had a few battles with nausea; every little smell made me wanna throw up! Even woke up in the middle of the night thinking I was going to. But never actually puked, so that&#039;s good I guess. The other main side effect I&#039;ve experienced is very tender breasts. I&#039;m curious to see how my period is next week... But over all, it&#039;s been very bearable. My one piece of advice-- don&#039;t let one really bad review sway you! Everyone&#039;s body is different. You never know what will work for you until you try!"
"Took Accutane my sophomore year of college for 6 months, and now, 2 1/2 years later, I am still acne free.  My skin is no longer oily and I will get the occasional, non-inflamed pimple, but that is it! The only side effects I had were dry skin, dry lips, and occasional eczema on top of my hands (which was completely fixed by Aquaphor).  I was completely clear on Accutane after 2 months so the remaining 4 months was a breeze.  I had acne on my chest and back and since then I have had NOTHING on my chest and back, ever.  This medicine really, really works, and its the only thing out there that worked for me after trying just about everything. It&#039;s not worth it to wait and see if other things work, just try it, it&#039;s a miracle."
"This stuff is really bad and makes rosacea worse. I used it for two weeks and it would work for a few hours but then the rebound flushing was horrendous. I haven&#039;t used it in 6 months and I&#039;d say that it left permanent damage. The area of my face affected by rosacea has increased and the easiness of flushing has too. This could be a side effect of aging as I&#039;ve always had rosacea(26 years old now), but I definitely think mirvaso was a catalyst to increasing symptoms."
"Love it! This medication can have a tough adjustment period. But I took 1tsp of Benadryl with it at night and that helped me adjust. As long as you don&#039;t have symptoms of allergic reaction then my advice is hang in there. Saphris is by far the best medicine! I now take 5mg in the morning and 5mg at night with zero side effects. This med has made all my anxiety and paranoia associated with mania dissappear! I have been using free samples so far but the cost will be worth my health and sanity!"
"My doctor prescribed Benzaclin after my other acne medicine stopped working for me. The first month was rough, my skin was really dry and it peeled alot. Things got better, my face cleared up, I did get some breakouts here and there but with a pea size amount of benzalin, it would shrink and dry out my pores and pimples. If you do not see results within a week or two, do not stop applying bezaclin! The first 6-8 weeks may be rough but it really does clear up your skin. And my scars have faded. Do not over apply the medicine, it can cause over dryness of the face and excessive peeling. Hope benzaclin will help you beat acne like it helped me!"
"I get horrible menstrual migraines. I&#039;ve tried medicines in the past. Some didn&#039;t work, some worked but gave me a rebound headache. Then I started trying natural remedies. Some help, but nothing has gotten rid of my migraines. I decided to give another medicine a try because I expected a migraine to come on a day I had an important event. My doctor gave me a sample of Treximet. My migraine started coming on DURING the event. I took one pill, and within 20 minutes I could feel the pain lessen. I&#039;d say within an hour it was completely gone. It&#039;s now been 2 days and I have not gotten a rebound headache. I also don&#039;t remember much of a side effect. I felt a little out of sorts for a bit, but that went away fairly quickly."
"I began taking birth control pills a little over a year ago, and started on Ortho-Lo. My skin began breaking out, so my doctor switched me to Trinessa about 4-5 months ago, and I am a walking disaster area. My mood issues started out as mild, but have now blown into nonstop anxiety, depression, anger and irritability. My boyfriend and family have all noticed. I am tired all the time and have lost motivation and interest in things I used to enjoy. I&#039;m an absolute terror to be around on my period, and worst of all, my skin is terrible. I can&#039;t leave the house without makeup on and am constantly self conscious about it. Each month has gotten worse with these symptoms and I finally contacted my Doctor and am switching to Yaz this Sunday."
"I&#039;ve got severe arthritis in my lumbar vertebrae and right hip. (I&#039;ve got a hip replacement coming up) plus degenerative disc disease in lumbar discs too. Norco 5/325 allows me to walk a little more, play with my dog and get a few chores done. Norco doesn&#039;t take all the pain away but it does helps improve the quality of my life."
"My elderly dad was prescribed a low dose of Ativan for anxiety. Within 2 weeks he started having auditory hallucinations and could not sleep because the &quot;walls were talking to him&quot;. After he passed every physical test in an emergency visit to the local ER- from a cat scan to blood work and everything in between, the psychiatrist on duty matter of factly told me that Ativan has been known to cause delirium in elderly patients. "
"Ativan was prescribed to me for severe anxiety. I took 2mg one to two times daily. I took the medication for two months. I however, DID NOT follow the advise of my doctor and quit cold turkey. It was five days of hell for me. I did not sleep AT ALL,  I had panic attacks, trouble breathing, and severe sweating for two more weeks when I did start sleeping again. The medication was very helpful but when I quit the side effects were just about unbearable. My advice is use this medication with caution and follow doctor instructions to the latter."
"Omnicef was effective in treating my daughter&#039;s sinusitis. However, she broke out in hives a day after finishing the medication.  Although it is not certain the medicine caused her hives, it is very ironic that they broke out within 24 hours of finishing the antibiotic."
"My low mark is all based on the taste.  Yes, it cleared me completely in the first 2hrs of first dose.  This hell in a cup tasted like what blood smells like.  I wouldn&#039;t wish this stuff on my worst enemy.  I don&#039;t know how I&#039;ll get up at 6am &amp; drink it again...gagging at the thought."
"I have never in my 30 years of living been so happy &amp; alive thanks to the gabapentin and lithium my psychiatrist put me on almost 3 months ago. Going back to my inpatient stay in March- I was suicidal because I didn&#039;t think there was any other way out of the pain and burden of being anxious 24/7. It paralyzed me. I felt helpless. Now, I go to the gym, play with my son more, preform better at work, and all my relationships are much better. I can actually think to communicate. Also, I don&#039;t go from 0 to 60 in 2 seconds anymore. I&#039;m like &quot;I got this. Just breathe&quot; I can&#039;t even make myself anxious anymore. I&#039;ve tried. I am on 3000mg a day of Gabapentin (5-600mg pills a day) and 600mg of Lithium (2-300mg pills a day). True Happiness!"
"Have suffered from bouts of severe anxiety over the last few years that would leave me bedridden, suicidal, unable to work or eat. Tried Zoloft, Celexa, Lexapro, Cymbalta, Luvox and honestly thought nothing would ever work for me. All made me worse. Psych doctor wanted to try Effexor XR but I was worried about the withdrawing from it - after trying everything else I finally agreed. Has taken a month to feel a difference. I&#039;m enjoying things again, not chewed up by horrible anxiety, I&#039;m actually HAPPY?! 1st month on it was so challenging - very low, anxious, exhausted, nauseous. But now no side effects. I feel like a light&#039;s gone on. Like I am getting my life back. I could sob with relief. Truly believed I&#039;d never get better, but here I am."
"I have been on this med for a week now. The first couple days were horrible, headaches, fatigue and overall felt like a walking zombie, and on top of that the drug didn&#039;t kick in until three days in. Day 7 now and the drug has started working. I do not feel the overwhelming urge to pee myself during the day which is wonderful. But I have my first appointment since starting it now and I have to decide if the fatigue is worth it."
"Works wonderfully for me and no side effects"
"I&#039;ve been on Apri 28 for about two and a half months now, For about the first two weeks of starting it my stomach was so upset, I couldn&#039;t really eat much food. But it did go away. My breasts did get bigger and I gain a little weight but also I&#039;ve been working out so I don&#039;t know if its Muscle gain or from the pill, Another thing is, My period either comes super early, like two weeks early or a week late. I know it&#039;s probably just my body not used to the pill and it won&#039;t follow the pills schedule until after 6 months of taking it, however my periods don&#039;t really hurt at all now. But I&#039;m just sharing my journey so far in case anyone one else has been experiencing the same stuff."
"Mobic worked for me but it gave me dry mouth and it was hard on my stomach."
"I give Advair 8 stars because it does what it&#039;s supposed to do. I have only had two asthma attacks since starting Advair almost a year ago. One was running without my inhaler. The second time was smoking. I took off two stars for side effects and use. I hate having to remember to take this twice a day. I usually forget. I also hate when I forget to wash my mouth out with water and get a little bit of thrush in my mouth."
"In summer 2016, I decided to quit smoking after 30 years. I was able to cut my smoking back from 1 pack to 1 half pack a day, but always had cravings. A friend suggested I try Chantix. I went to the doctor, got the prescription, filled it, and promptly set it on the countertop where  it remained for a few weeks because I was afraid of the side effects being publicized. Finally, I told myself that I had one week to quit on my own or that I would try the Chantix. I couldn&#039;t quit on my own. I started Chantix as prescribed, and one week later on December 22nd I smoked my last cigarette at 6:35pm. Ten months later, I am smoke free and no longer think about smoking or the fact that I quit smoking. I live my life as a nonsmoker and its fabulous."
"I primarily treat my RA with CBD paste. While it does pretty good alone, my doctor suggested that Plaquenil might zero out the rest of my symptoms. Even though I have a fairly severe case of RA, the CBD Paste manages about 80% of the disease.

But I&#039;ve been taking the Plaquenil about 3 weeks, and honestly, I think I have more swelling. I&#039;ve decided to stop for now and am wondering if Plaquenil can actually make the symptoms worse?"
"I am 22 years old and fairly healthy educated young woman. I had blood work done in August 2015 and found out my TSH was 60, so my doctor prescribed 50 mcg of levothyroxine. In January 2016, I had my TSH rechecked and it was down to 30. I continued to take the levothyroxine for a month and a half, from late January to the middle of March. During the time I was taking this medication, I felt so lethargic, I had terrible brain fog, and I was so bloated that I actually got stretch marks on my stomach! I have never been pregnant or even had sex, and I got stretch marks from being miserably bloated! Also, with the levothyroxine, I had the worst heart burn in my life. The acid reflux was so bad that I would get choked and start coughing from it."
"Great stuff. And for those who have had issues with it...guess what..your system is different than mine. That&#039;s all. So don&#039;t go telling folks it sucks. A Tesla won&#039;t run on gasoline, but that doesn&#039;t mean gasoline doesn&#039;t work."
"I was prescribed 30mg Cymbalta 3 months ago to treat hot flashes/sweats.  After just one pill, the hot flashes/sweats were gone.  Before I was having 7-8 sweats per day. Going on 4 months now and the hot flash/sweats are starting to slowly come back but they are still fewer than before.  I want to keep taking and will have a recheck next month to see if I should increase to 60mg.  All positive feedback so far."
"I was actually prescribed Belviq for depression, but since it is primarily a weight loss drug, my Dr and I agreed it would be a great thing if I also lost weight, since I had gained 70 lbs during my protracted divorce. I felt the anti-depressant effects right away. The feelings of hopelessness and lack of desire to live eased away within days. I cared less about the weight loss aspect, but noticed that I was making better choices about food without even thinking about it. In fact, I would say my desire to eat emotionally flat-lined. And, I felt full eating much less. Depression lifted, I began to pay attention to weight loss and lost 5 lbs in 2 weeks. I am sure as I continue to focus on losing weight with it, I will be very successful."
"I went to the doctor this week for what I thought was a pinched nerve that caused shoulder pain.  She determined that it was muscle strain (trapezius) and prescribed 10mg to be taken twice daily as needed.  I took one in the afternoon on Thursday and another Wednesday morning.  I ended up sleeping the entire day (except for getting up to make lunch for the kids).  Later in the evening I started to feel very weak in my limbs (sort of like when you&#039;re getting over a really bad flu where you&#039;ve been laid up in bed for days).  I also started to feel impaired - dizzy, lightheaded, just out of it. The next day I didn&#039;t have the limpness, but I still had the lightheadedness and my calves were achy - maybe from too much sleep."
"This was the miracle BC for me. I tried everything on the market and due to me being skinny the other doses were just too high. I had NO side effects of this pill, I was put on it to help with migraines and ovarian cysts. It didn&#039;t the first year so my Dr put me on a 3 month dosage. ( I don&#039;t get my period for 3 months) and for 4 years its been working fantastic. No issues. Barely get my period. No side effects either. Maybe a little bit of crampyness but not nearly as bad as a normal one."
"I just started contrave on the 3rd of October, so I am on my second day. I&#039;m amazed at how quick my cravings were shut down and what I couldn&#039;t resist before, now doesn&#039;t even get a second look. My only negative response to this medication are the headaches I&#039;m getting on it. I&#039;m hoping that after my body adjusts, those will fade. I&#039;ll check in later and give another update as I continue this prescription."
"I started Bontril 6/17/13, the first week I lost 10lbs, I eat clean, I exercise 3 days a week. Side effects insomnia: only if I don&#039;t exercise, decrease appetite, increase energy, slight headache, haven&#039;t lost any additional pounds."
"I have severe gerd and erosive esphogus. This is the best medicine I&#039;ve had. But there&#039;s no generic and I can&#039;t afford the $170 a month. And that&#039;s with the company coupon. It&#039;s a shame such a great medicine is so expensive and insurance won&#039;t cover it."
"It&#039;s this simple... Invokana was great at reducing my glucose and ultimately my A1C.  The problem I had was the extreme vaginal itching.  I told my doctor, my gynecologist and they constantly blamed my diabetes.  But I questioned how could that be if it was controlled.  I researched invokana realized that vaginal itching was a side effect and stopped using the invokana.  The itching started to subside then eventually went away all together.  The Doctor who prescribed it should have said something when I told her my symptoms.  She didn&#039;t even question my decision to stop using it."
"I have had on and off acne for about 8 years. During August-October 2015 my skin was breaking out into big painful cystic pimples. They were mostly on my chin but some on my forehead as well. I was prescribed Solodyn 80mg in October and by January I had absolutely no pimples on my face. It gave me some side effects such as headaches and light dizziness. I also felt slight nauseous, but nothing too serious. It really cleared up my skin. This is the first oral product that has cleared my skin up in 8 years and I have tried pills such as dococyline (did not work). I swear by this pill. I stopped taking it in February because my skin was great. But now I am going on them in generic form because my acne began to come back in April."
"I&#039;m a 50 year old male diagnosed with depressive subtype ADD 15 years ago. I&#039;ve tried Ritalin, Adderall, Dextrastat, Emsam, and various other antidepressants as I&#039;m dysphoric. All these medicines have helped. Holiday&#039;s are good for resetting tolerance. Years ago, I needed 60mg Adderall in the morning and 30 at noon, after working up from Ritalin which became too weak. I&#039;m on Prilosec for stomach acid now, and non-XR stimulants taken only in the morning still keep me awake at night, for which 0.5-1 mg of Klonopin cures. I don&#039;t get addicted to anything, so no problem, though nothing makes me feel really good either -even narcotics or sex! A well functioning mind and getting things done is my main high."
"Very convenient, especially if your schedule makes it difficult to take a pill at the same time every day.  However, I found that NuvaRing changed the nature and odor of my discharge, which I was not comfortable.  I love the low dose hormones that it administers, but I ultimately switched to an oral contraceptive because I didn&#039;t like the changes it caused in my discharge.  It also seemed to make me more likely to develop a yeast infection.  Once I went off the ring, all those side effects stopped.    Also I had breakthrough spotting the ENTIRE first month I was on the ring."
"I&#039;m a 50 yr old female who is still menstruating. 
I started this drug in the hospital and my cycle went from 3-5 days - up to 9 days then stopped.

This month- I am on day 15 of an incredibly heavy cycle. I wear TWO extra long overnight pads ( which should last 10 hours) and I go through them in less than 2 hours.

I started this drug after a mild stroke that seems to have been a by-product of A-fib . I didn&#039;t want Coumadin (aka Rat Poison) - and thought out of the 3 two-year old medicines left, this seemed to be the best for my active lifestyle.   It is not.

The bleeding is so heavy, I am exhausted. Pains in my feet adn ankles. Back pains, neck pains and Migraine like headaches on the opposite side of my stroke affected side. HELP!"
"It worked really well to clear up my urinary tract infection and within a day I had no symptoms; however, I was so tired while I was taking this! I also would get feeling of nausea quite often and occasionally would make me vomit. I took on a full stomach but still got the feelings of nausea and fatigue."
"After taking the 2.5 dosage for 4 days I feel very irritable. I am experiencing crying spells, tiredness, extreme moodiness and just want to be alone. This medicine was prescribed for a mood disorder that I have been experiencing. I also take other anti-depressants. I don&#039;t think this is a good mix with other medicines or just not right for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Abilify for nearly 2 years.  The first month or so was rough (tired early at night or after a cocktail, restless sleep, waking up early, dizziness, foggy head), but after my Dr. reduced my dose to 2.5 mg/day, side effects improved.  The ones that remain are profuse night sweats (SOAKED sheets) and constipation.  It does make you a bit tired, but I take it before bed.  It completely helped with my irritation/agitation towards people and my children.  I have a ton more patience and less anxiety overall.  The biggest issue I have is the cost. Get the Abilify Savings card if you are starting a new prescription!"
"1st shot I had started relieving my pain of going from sitting to standing.  Had 2nd shot yesterday, sitting icing it now.  My trainer is due in an hr so we will do upper body only which is what the ortho said for the day after a shot.  I had a torn meniscus repair in December 2013 and my pain started again in March, I thought I had torn it again but he said nope, bone on bone.  So far so good on this and I am 62.  I am active with my personal trainer 3 times a week for the past 1.5yrs and I can&#039;t wait to be 100% active again."
"I&#039;m 32 with 2 kids and my options on birth control are very slim due to a clotting disorder. I got Mirena put in a few days ago and the pain wasn&#039;t too bad. I was able to go to class and pick up my kids after without any problems. (I must say though people, if you just had a baby within the last 6-9 mo and you&#039;re losing hair, it may be due to the pregnancy believe it or not. A lot of women lose hair months after having a baby and may want to take that into consideration). None the less, I had it put in while on my cycle. Very little spotting but still very nervous to see what lies ahead after reading ALL of the reviews I can possibly read. I&#039;ll give it 6 months, but I also don&#039;t plan on having it in for any longer than a year."
"I never had any problems what so ever with this medication!!!  It always worked wonderfully for me.  And I would recommend it to anyone and everyone!!!!!!!   IT IS A GREAT MEDICINE!!!!  THANK YOU!!"
"Crotamiton cream is very effective for the pruritis of poison ivy and chiggers, and mosquito bites compared to the standard topicals used."
"This is the worst
Previously I&#039;ve used the pill (multiple forms) since I became sexually active and while I didn&#039;t love having to take it every day, the side effects were minimal.
After having my first child, I had my Nexplanon inserted, thinking it sounded like a great, long term solution to contraception. I knew at first there would be side effects, and they did clear up within a few months. However, the longer I had it in, the worse things got. It&#039;s been nearly 2 years now and I have major depression, almost constant bleeding and mood swings I&#039;d almost describe as mania. I experience acne which I&#039;ve never had to deal with before, my smell &#039;down there&#039; has changed (no infection or anything) and my sex drive is ZERO. I&#039;m getting it taken out!"
"Works well in combination with an SSRI. I stopped Buspar due to drowsiness and immediate weight gain. I experienced increased appetite and wanted to eat constantly. 
I was diagnosed with Adult Attention Deficit Disorder without Hyperactivity. I currently take Adderall, low dose Wellbutrin XL, and low dose Prozac. 
The Prozac and Wellbutrin XL assist in alleviating depressive symptoms during the winter months. 
Everyone is unique. Talk to your doctor; follow their advice."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon since October 2014 and I haven&#039;t been a solid 2 weeks without bleeding since. My first period after insertion lasted 6 whole months. Since April I&#039;ve only had about a week and a half off then I start again for a whole month then again a small break and back to bleeding. I am still sexually active with the same person and nexplanon is our only form of birth control and we&#039;ve had no scares but still I CAN NOT wait to get this out this coming October!"
"I only give this a two because technically it is &#039;effective&#039; because I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. However, I absolutely hate it!!! I have had it about 6 months and I&#039;ve had my period/spotting almost the entire time. It really interferes with my sex life. I got it because my friend has it and likes it but I would not recommend this to anyone. I&#039;m getting it taken out ASAP."
"One week off of 12 week course. I feel great.  So thankful  and grateful for this miracle. Side effects  were really mild."
"It&#039;s my first day on this medicine but man, I feel odd since I&#039;ve never been so awake. Right now it&#039;s about 2:30PM Central time and my bed should be calling me and I&#039;m fine. I feel like going for a run."
"I have been taking Zoloft for two weeks now, I have noticed an increase in my appetite, I have had horrible mood swings (my poor children). I sleep all the time and have no energy, I feel dizzy and sick to my stomach all the time. "
"When I first started taking it, it really helped me but now it&#039;s been over a month and I feel like I did before. I take 40 mg and I need help it&#039;s like I am taking nothing at all."
"Took Robitussin dm cough and chest congestion dm for a persistant cough. Took 2 doses and my stomach is twisted and I have bad diarrhea. Took my cough down but I&#039;m so sick to my stomach. Need to stop taking it to go back to work tomorrow."
"Bacterial Vaginits was single handedly the worst health experience I have ever had. I don&#039;t know what it is but boom you have vaginal odor and you just can&#039;t even look in the mirror. My Dr. prescribed me metronidazole twice a day for seven days. The nurse warned me that it tasted awful but I didn&#039;t care just wanted to feel better. Within 24 hours of my first dose my odor and discharge was gone. All the reviews are right, it tastes awful but if you can drop the pill in the back of your throat and not let it touch your tongue, then drink a lot of water, you won&#039;t even taste it. Eat before you take it. Time your doses with meals and flush your fluids and you should be able to avoid the metallic taste like I did. The medication works!"
"Librium was prescribed to me when I came in for help with opiate withdrawal.  The drug calmed me down and helped with some of the withdrawal symptoms though I&#039;m not sure how because the chemical makeup of librium and other drugs used to aid in opiate withdrawal are completely different.  Whatever happened it helped.  Thanks doctor."
"Yes, I have experienced a side effect of Ultram which is preventing me from sleeping. It has 50 mg 1 or 2 tablets every six hours as need. I have tried them from my doctor and I have been up all night, I had a total left knee replacement revision on the 8th of June, 2011. I was told also to take 1 Ambien (10 mg) and 1 extra strength Tylenol at the same time. I did and all I did was cat nap and was always awake when the daylight came up. I need REST!"
"I&#039;ve taken the medicine for a month and I do notice my mood is a lot better. I have gained 16 pounds almost. It makes me very hungry when I take it. My doctor moved me from 0.05mg per day to 1 mg per day because of my horrible anxiety. It does help but not all day. I plan to still give it more time. The weight gain is not exactly good though."
"I&#039;ve had some trouble doing a BM so I decided to take this pill. Took two, not much happened (a small BM) and I went to bed. 2:00 am rolls around and I have INCREDIBLE stomach cramps and pain coming in and out-- I felt like I was giving BIRTH! Tried to do it on my own but to no avail, ran out to the cabinet and got a third pill. Worked well in the end, but I just wonder if the two before bed was the cause of my upset stomach and crampage! 
In the end, it was totally worth it. I&#039;m at ease for the night and that&#039;s all that matters."
"I have had polyps removed 6 times now and have been using Nasonex since it first came on the market. Maybe it stopped some growing but for the past 5 months I have suffered headaches every day.  Maybe I&#039;ve used Nasonex for too many years for this to start happening. Since stopping the Nasonex my headaches have ceased.  What a relief."
"I have been taking Chantix for nearly 3 weeks.  I have almost all of the symptoms mentioned by other users and was really surprised to hear people talk about lower back pain, which I have as well and did not realize it could be from the medicine.  While the nausea is subsiding, I too, am angry and agitated most of the time. I also am experiencing episodes of severe depression. I suffered a major heart attack last October and was a two pack a day smoker.  I was having success using an E cigarette but when I had problems with them, I returned to smoking.  I am still smoking after with the Chantix but hope I will be able to stop soon."
"I have been annoyed all the time since I can remember. Always a pessimist. I figured if I expected the worst possible scenario anything better was a win.
It was as if I was at war with the world, everything was a battle. Been on Welbutrin for 6 weeks now, 300mg a day in 2 doses to start.
Gave me ridiculously bad headaches (I suffer from migraines already) but my mood, interest, and general sense of well being were better. Doc changed me from 2 doses to 3 doses a day (still 300 mg). No more headaches but slight insomnia so far. 3-4 hours a night now, usually get 6-7 hours of sleep.
And I have the dry mouth as well. I will deal with the insomnia and cotton mouth. To me this is worth it."
"If you&#039;re worrying about if this drug works or not... RELAX. I was in the exact same boat as you! I was so stressed that it wasn&#039;t going to work but this pill is a life saver. With all of the stress I searched every single website I could find and still thought to myself that I was going to be one of the unlucky ones. I also thought that my period would be delayed due to stress and the pill but I was wrong.  I didn&#039;t have any symptoms from it and my period came 2 days before it was expected.  Just try to relax and let the pill do its job."
"I used Prepopik for a colonoscopy today.  Used it as instructed by my Dr and last dose was 10 pm for a 9:30am procedure.  I get colonoscopies every three years so have had many experiences with different solutions.  Prepopik was very easy to use as it is not as intense as others.  I had no side effects however I. Still had diarrhea when it was time for the procedure.  Not fun and my system was not nearly as clean as with all others I have used.  That being said I would not use this again as it is more important to prep well to get the best result from the colonoscopy.  I would put up with inconvenience to ensure a clean colon.  I will ask not to use this next time."
"I used this on my first cruise and it worked great.  It was a week long cruise so I used two patches (each one lasts three days, and the last day was the travel home so I was no longer on ship).  Like many others who have posted here, I had pretty bad side effects that came on almost exactly 24 hours after I removed the second patch -- mostly vertigo and nausea.  They lasted 72 hours, the length of one patch dose.

I have read that you should only use the patch for one dose, the first three days, long enough to tide you over until your body is used to the constant motion, and that the withdrawals only happen if you keep going past that first three days."
"Disclaimer: Everyone&#039;s body is different so don&#039;t let this review deter you from trying it!!!!

Unfortunately, this birth control option was not right for me. I give it a five out of ten because of the ease of insertion, the ease of it being in the arm, how it does prevent pregnancy, and it hasn&#039;t triggered my aura migraines like the pill and NuvaRing has in the past. As some as the other reviews mention, menstrual changes and mood changes, and vaginal infections are my only problems. I haven&#039;t had intercourse with my SO in months due to the lengthy time (anywhere from 1-2 months) of the breakthrough bleeding. I seem more depressed than I ever have, and I have had explainable vaginal infections the first year of use."
"GAVE ME BLOOD CLOTS IN MY LEG!!!
This is a silent killer !!! Out of work for 2 weeks months of expensive medication and the pain couldn&#039;t walk couldn&#039;t take care of my children !!
Beware !!!!"
"I&#039;ve taken this for probably 6 months now? I switched pharmacies and they gave me this after being on something similar or whatever the equivalent was. 
I was used to the barely there periods after the other brand for about 6 months, but over the last year I&#039;ve had extreme stress. Deaths, moving, etc.  I&#039;m a type A and own 2 businesses, husband is an exec &amp; gone a lot, &amp; we have 2 kids. But after looking online for possible reasons about for mood, anger issues and my physical symptoms, I&#039;m starting to wonder. I&#039;m a personal trainer, my body has gained and lost weight from kids, and I usually have self control. On this? Nope! Breasts sore, crampy bloat, headaches terrible pre &amp; during period week, and now weekly. Calling OBgyn ma&ntilde;ana!"
"I&#039;m an ex IV heroin user.  Vivitrol is a great way to deal with cravings I&#039;ve never been happier."
"Adderall XR does exactly what it&#039;s supposed to for me.  I suffer from very little noticeable side effects.  The most noticeable ones are insomnia when first taking this medication, lack of hunger in the beginning, and slight dry mouth. Overall the side effects are not bad at all.  The only negative for me is it feels like the medications stop working after 6 hours for me."
"I was given Factive for a bad strep infection. After the 1st dose, I felt 100 times better."
"Chronic constipation has been a problem most of my life. I was on Zelnorm, until it was take of the market by the FDA. I have had serious complications due to my constipation, including having to be surgically unimpacted last yr after neck surgery. Almost was the end for me, I was septic. Full recovery, and put on Linzess 5 months ago, and it&#039;s been a miracle for me. Yes, I do get some gas, and can&#039;t leave home right away, it&#039;s sudden and quick when it works. I&#039;ve gotten use to the small side effects now. I go everyday, and I have had NO more issues with constipation. I love Linzess!"
"I&#039;m 40 yrs old and never had kids. But after heavy vaginal bleeding for over a month and a D&amp;C with polyp removal my OB/Gyn and I decided it was time to consider birth control.

 I have never been regular since I have PCOS and have tried oral BC to help this but it never worked. I would bleed at least 3 weeks out of the month even on the pill. Because of this the IUD was a better option. 

Insertion was not bad. Very much like a Pap smear, there is mild discomfort. Word of advice take at least 800 mgs of Ibprofen an hour before you go and have it insterted during your period. I didn&#039;t have anyone take me, but I would say go home and lay down after. I went immediately to the grocery store and became lightheaded there."
"I jammed my hip about 6 weeks ago.  It had been sore and hurting, but starting 10 days ago the sciatic pain was running down my right leg constantly.  I was eating Aleve and Advil.  Heat did not help.  Ice did not help.  I could barely walk.  I even had to take a day off work because I could not get in a comfortable position.  My doctor gave me a steroid shot and had no effect on the pain.  I had taken Gabapentin before when I had a pinched nerve in my neck from a car accident and the pain was running down my are.  I called my doctor yesterday and asked him if he would call me some in. He did.  100mg, 3 times per day.  I can already tell a difference.  The shooting, stabbing pain running down my leg through my foot has subsided."
"I have been taking this drug for over 2 years.  4 days after each shot I have seen a difference.  I believe in this shot combined with Kenalog spray for light areas and Taclonex ointment for the flaky areas. I believe anyone would be 80%  cured after 6 months."
"100mg x2  daily  Was bit by a deer tick in MN on anniversary. My back was really itchy and my husband found I had a tick attached. I went to the doctor the next day with the tick to have it tested. Was put on this RX.  First dose was very tired, but the rest is fine. No side effects. Fingers crossed negative on lyme."
"I began taking Reclipsen during February of 2015. Developed cystic acne. I&#039;ve always had a few spots here and there, but nothing like this. I even switched to all-organic skin products which helped a little. I developed insane headaches. I became extremely emotional and began crying at the drop of a hat, where in the past, I could count on 2 hands how many times I would cry per year. WORST OF ALL, I gained 20 lbs from Feb-Oct 2015. I exercise, have a plant-based diet, and I&#039;m 22 so my metabolism hasn&#039;t quite slowed yet. No excuse for that and not flattering on a 5&#039;4&quot; frame. It prevented pregnancy (thus 2/10), but the side effects aren&#039;t worth enduring this pill. Switching to ParaGard in a week and a half. No more hormones for me."
"Do not recommend at all. I got the Nexplanon when I was 18 and I&#039;m almost 21 now. While it is great BC for keeping you Unpregnant, I have not one ounce of motivation to get out of bed and do anything, I am always so tired, the acne is insane and I have spots all over my shoulders, chest, face that looks like a rash and is extremely noticeably (especially fresh out of the shower or when hot) &amp; the weight gain is crazy. I was about 110 pounds when I got out on it and I always had an extremely high metabolism but after being on Nexplanon I have a constant hunger that I cannot fill and I am up to 140 pounds. I am very easily angered and moody and over all it is not worth it when t comes to being happy in your own skin. getting removed this week"
"I have been taking this medicine for about two weeks now and I must say it is heaven sent. There&#039;s nothing worse than being compacted with waste and having that constipation sensation constantly. What prompted me to invest in this &quot;life saver&quot; was one day like some of you I went to use the restroom and yet again as usual I was constipated so I was frustrated and everything else so I forced my bowel movement and when I finished I was bleeding. I made an appointment with doctor and today I&#039;m so glad I did. So, so, so happy now."
"Had 4 wisdom teeth taken out this morning at 8:30am. My dentist prescribed some codeine for the pain. Having never taken codeine before, and the label reading take 1 or 2 pills for pain, I decided to take 2 around 12:30pm. WOW, these things take all of the pain away alright, however, for about 1 - 2 hours they made me very drowsy, out of it and I couldn&#039;t look at anything with a screen without it being blurry or me feeling dizzy. I was literally glued to my seat. Thought I was going to throw up at one point too.  Should probably only be used for chronic, unbearable pain - otherwise it is not worth the side effects. Still feeling a little woozy now at 10:00pm. Will stick to the softer stuff because it seems like I am really sensitive to it."
"Great medicine."
"If I could have one wish I would wish this medication back on market. Zelnorm helped my condition as no other medication had or as of now. Nothing I do will replace the relief of Zelnorm for my personal condition. PLEASE bring Zelnorm back on the market."
"Very very bad experience with this medicine. Within three days experienced severe nausea diarrhea and vomiting. I have been at home recovering for two days now. Going to call the doctor to get off this stuff!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on BC for about a month and I have horrible acne on my jawline and forehead that doesn&#039;t go away for a while. I have bad mood swings and easily irritated and angry since I&#039;ve started."
"Absolutely terrible. I switched to Brintellix from Lexapro because I was having some unpleasant side effects.  My doctor suggested this medication as it has &quot;no side effects.&quot; I&#039;ve been through several antidepressants, and may I tell you this is by far the worst one. Not only did I have horrific physical side effects such as vomiting after only the second dose of 5mg, but this stuff seemed to screw me up mentally - though that part could have also been due to Lexapro withdrawal. Regardless, Brintellix has made me realize how great Lexapro was. I&#039;ll take those side effects any day after this! Would not reccomend Brintellix - be wary of what your doctor tells you and research any medicine before taking it. Back to Lexapro..."
"Like most people on this thread I&#039;ve gained weight and thought it was from the holidays and vacations. I&#039;ve been dieting and working out and the scale has only gone up. I had to switch to this brand bc my other one was discontinued. It&#039;s NOT THE SAME! The pharmacy told me it is.... it&#039;s not. I&#039;m just realizing this now! Calling my Dr. on Monday to get off this horribleness! I really gave this brand a shot. It&#039;s been 3 months and my clothes don&#039;t fit me. I&#039;m so upset!"
"Horrible! Took for a week and cried almost the whole last 3-4 days before I stopped it. This made my depression worse. I know it said &#039;sadness&#039; would subside in 4 weeks but mine only got worse and worse over 1 week. I barely got out of bed! Awful experience."
"I have been on Cosentyx for about 3 and a half weeks now and my psoriasis has improved I would say by 80%!!!  All the plaque is now flat against my skin (meaning, if I close my eyes and rub my arm, I cannot feel any areas of plaque).  All that remains is the discoloration from the plaques which are slowly fading as well because I go to the tanning booth to tan.

I have experienced NO side effects at all, in fact the skin on my face is also glowing and radiant.  After suffering from psoriasis for over 10 years my body had become immune to Clobetesol and Humaira really didn&#039;t work for me, but Cosentyx has been GOD SENT!

I would recommend and hope that this work for anyone and the best thing for me has been the quick improvement &gt;30 days!"
"I had skyla inserted 4 days ago. I had read reviews online and prepared myself for the worst! I felt one small cramp when my doctor put the speculum in and zero pain after that. I couldn&#039;t believe when she said she was done! I admitted to her I anticipated what the Google reviews had said and she laughed and said &quot;well those women didn&#039;t have me insert theirs! That&#039;s why I took longer prepping!&quot; She has a great sense of humor so don&#039;t over analyze her comment! I had such slight cramping for maybe 3 hours, literally nothing compared to period cramps and spotted on and off light brown for one day... Didn&#039;t even need a liner. I can&#039;t feel the iud, have zero cramping or spotting now and am so happy. Also, I was not on my period during insertion"
"Prozac (fluoxetine) I have been taking 10mg every 3 days for hot flashes for 2 years now.  It has worked very well for me.  I also don&#039;t have the mood swings. When I was taking 20mg everyday it was to much, So I talked with my doctor and changed it around.  If you are having problems you may be taking to much.  Talk to your doctor I did and I feel great."
"I have been on Junel for a year and 1 month.  I love everything about it except the weight gain.  I have always struggled with my weight and I have gained about 15-20 pounds in a year.  HOWEVER, it is the only bad side effect.  My periods are super light, much like spotting, and only lasts a few days.  My cramps are about the same, mostly in my back and legs but taper off as my period continues.  This month I actually had NO PERIOD!  My mood swings have actually calmed down a bit and I feel great taking the pills.  I do not see me coming off the pills anytime soon!  I have United HealthCare and it completely covered the birth control, even the co-pay."
"I am blessed to have found this site! I have been addicted to percocets for 7 yrs....2 days ago I ran out of meds ( I was 2 wks short on my refill) that&#039;s how many I used a day and if that wasn&#039;t enough I bought off the street. Long story short ..theres no room available in my area for detox..ER Turned me away. Even my family doctor ....PM nurse and doc put me on Clonodine and I feel amazing. Only after 2 days!! No withdrawal symptoms maybe slight headache is all. Please. If you feel there is no way out of this narcotic hell there is help. Just ask for it! I am so happy there is a bright future for me NARCOTIC FREE!! Best of luck to all that suffer. It WILL GET BETTER."
"Diagnosed with borderline hypertension - doctor asked what I wanted to do about it, treat or monitor? I said treat and doc prescribed 1.25 Ramipril and I feel much healthier since started treatment. Fewer headaches, decreased stomach acid and improved erections. Unbelievable yes, but a real bonus - has anyone seen similar benefits?"
"This medication has been a mixed bag for me. On the one hand, my asthma symptoms are all but gone after being on this drug for a week. On the other hand, it&#039;s made me feel tired all day yet unable to sleep at night. I&#039;ve also noticed that I&#039;ve been angry and otherwise unhappy more frequently since starting this drug.

I&#039;m going to give it one more week to see if the side effects become more manageable."
"I had my first round put in in 2010. The first 3 years were good. I hardly ever had a period and when I did it was real light. It was great until I realized I had put on 20lbs in the first 3 years, none of my habits changed I still was active and ate decent. When I went back in to have it renewed I didn&#039;t have a period for 3 months then it came for 3 weeks with a vengeance as well as more weight gain and I can&#039;t seem to lose it no matter what I do. So needless to say I&#039;ll be having this one removed. But it does do it&#039;s job I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant."
"If you have irritable bowel syndrome then you know how it can seem to pop up at any time. This is a sub-lingual medication. As such, it works very quickly to stop spasms in the colon.  As my physician explains it: it slows down the action of the colon. Antidiarrheals will completely stop the action of the colon. You  don&#039;t want to stop the action of the colon. "
"Ativan helps when I start feeling panicky and to rest easier when I find it hard to relax."
"For me, this is truly a wonder drug. Knocks out migraine in about half an hour. Well worth the money, especially when my migraines have lasted for many days in the past. The only side effect is this strange loopiness that comes after about an hour, but it ends an hour or so later. And, compared to the headache, short term loopiness is certainly not a bad thing."
"I lost 18 pounds in 6 weeks.  Exactly the boost I needed.  No side effects when discontinuing.  First couple of nights I had trouble sleeping through the night, but after 3rd or 4th day I had no trouble sleeping."
"So far so good, no side effects other than a bit of nauseousness. I did the quick start method, meaning I didn&#039;t start either I the day of my period or on the first Sunday after my period. I have no idea if that makes you get less side effects. Nevertheless, I followed the instructions used backup for 1 week. After that didn&#039;t use a condom anymore&#039; so I&#039;m hoping it&#039;s effective !!!"
"I&#039;ve been having issues getting a good night sleep. I would not have a hard time falling asleep but would wake up several times at night, mainly due to anxiety. I&#039;ve been taking Trazodone for only a few days so it is a bit premature for me to have a real opinion on the drug. So far, it has helped me sleeping and I feel happier too. I take 50mg at night. The significant side effect I&#039;ve noticed though is water retention. My hands are horribly swollen (to a point where it&#039;s painful) and I&#039;ve gained 7 lbs in a week (which is absolutely not usual for me). I&#039;m a bit torn right now between continuing taking Trazodone and stopping it as the water retention side effect is really bad."
"I&#039;m 18 and I barely started taking Aviane and I noticed the first couple weeks I was always sad crying over everything and I would get dizzy, but I gave it a couple weeks to see if it would go away and I did. I&#039;m fine now, my sex drive has increased and my breasts fill bigger."
"I have been on Wellbutrin SR for about 2 weeks. I feel so much better. The only thing that concerns me is my blood pressure seems a little bit high. I have been shaking a lot but other than that I got a ton of energy!!"
"I have been taking Alli for about 3 weeks now. I didn&#039;t have any side effects, but then again I had been eating foods with very little fat in it. I wanted to put Alli to the test so I ate some lasagna, which has a lot of fat content. After I ate that my bowl movements did contain a bunch of oil. So does it work - absolutely."
"I also was born depressed. Until a Wise Psyc put me on Nardil and Pamelor! My life went from Black to White. My world was wonderful finally!
In 1993 Nardil has some issues, so did I. They fixed their problems. Unfortunately in 2000 the company SOLD Nardil to a company in Sweden. 
Nardil is no longer the medicine that changed my life. The NEW company reformulated it and I am now back in that ugly Darkness. I&#039;m afraid to try the other MAOI&#039;s as I did so well before. "
"I have had anxiety a lot since high school and it has gotten worse in college. I have taken many different medicines for anxiety and this is by far the best fit for me. I didn&#039;t like how I had to take the other medicines everyday whether or not I felt anxious- this one was great for me because my doctor told me I could take it whenever I felt a little more anxiety than normal. I will take it in the morning if I wake up anxious and I have never had an anxiety attack or feelings of being anxious yet. I would highly suggest talking to your doctor about this medicine if anxiety is the issue."
"Ambien is great for insomnia after years of not sleeping. Although I have experienced some mild hallucinations and
have gotten up and moved things around in the dark inside my bedroom, while talking to someone I thought was there, but the
sleep is worth the risk. I was miserable for to long."
"I took this pill after 24 hours of the accident. 5 days later I got what they say is a &quot;Plan B Period&quot; even though I got that I was still stressing think of the what if&#039;s, the next month my period was late 7 days late in fact but it eventually came. I am so thankful for this pill. What I learned is don&#039;t stress if you take the pill directed you will be fine. The only down side was I got extremely tired"
"I have tried a lot of analgesic medications and antidepressants for my migraines in the past but none of them work so I have just been buying mersyndol and taking them to try and get some sleep but still wake up in pain. Today I was prescribed Relpax after my pharmacists recommended I talk to my doctor about them and they are amazing! I usually live most days with some sort of headache (not always a migraine) but after taking this I am completely pain free!"
"I&#039;ve had the implanon for nearly a year now and I love it so much. If I could be appointed the official ambassador of this thing, I would!

The insertion was quick, simple and painless. I had a small bruise which was easily covered and went away quickly. I have a tiny scar the size of a pen tip now.

During the first 3-4 months, my period was a bit erratic. It would last about 6-7 days and it would sometimes come once a month, sometimes more or less. It was much lighter than my natural periods. I took naproxen which would stop the bleeding most of the time. However after about six months my period has basically stopped. Occasionally I have an hour or so of spotting, and rarely I might have a few days in a row. One liner a day is always enough for the bleeding now. I have no period pain for the first time in my life.

I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain, and my acne is no worse than when I was on the pill.

You can&#039;t beat the ease of this thing. In Australia, it cost about $50 (including insertion by a doctor) for three years protection. I often go weeks without thinking about contraception. I don&#039;t even have to worry about pregnancy, knowing this is the most effective contraception available.

I nearly didn&#039;t get my implanon because of what I read online. But I&#039;m so glad I did. Remember that for each negative review, there are probably many many people who are happy with the implanon but they just forgot to write a review because they are so busy out enjoying life!"
"Did nothing for me."
"It&#039;s been three days since I&#039;ve been on this medicine. First time user also. I never had a bladder infection but it got a lot better than it was the first day with the burning and pain. I am still experiencing a bit of the burning. I am hoping it works and takes it fully away about the time its my last dose. At first this medicine made me nauseous and tired but I drank more water and it seemed to help take that away."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about a year and at first I loved it. I was on depo provera for a while but my periods were all over the place and skin wasn&#039;t in very good shape. Once I started levora, my breasts were very tender but they also grew so I wasn&#039;t complaining. About 6 months ago I started packing on pounds. I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and have never gone above 110lbs. I am now a solid 125lbs, sometimes more. I have not changed my fairly healthy diet and do lightly excercise. My skin has not cleared up and my sex drive is gone. I literally got nothing good out of this pill other than big boobs (Again, not complaining). I am getting off of this pill asap."
"I started what I thought was my weight loss journey at 404 pounds. That was not my biggest but my biggest since my last weight loss adventure. I started with phetermine, ($15 a month). I live in Ohio, so I could only be on it for 3 months as it is a state law that mandates use. I went down to 343. I was put on belviq for 2 months, $80 a month. I gained 10 pounds and was binge eating like crazy.  I told my doctor about it and we figured out it was BED. So I was put on Vyvanse, $35 a month. I am 2 weeks in and I lost what I assume is some water weight, and I stopped binging, I&#039;ve also gotten a lot of energy, and I focus real well now. I&#039;m on 30mg. Hopefully when I go back in 2 weeks I&#039;ll be back down a few pounds."
"My BC was placed about 2 years ago. Over all effective did not become pregnant but from the start I had horrible side effect with headaches, my hair falling out &amp; no periods (so thought was a good thing). Then went on to having oily hair &amp; skin, gaining weight, &amp; heavy two week periods every two to three weeks. Now I have cysts on my ovaries monitored every six weeks. Next week it&#039;ll be removed :D"
"I am taking this medicine for lower back pain due to herniated discs. Taking this drug in combination with Lyrica has reduced the pain in the front of my legs significantly."
"I&#039;m a mid to severe RA patient. I have RA for about 4.5 years. I was quickly diagnosed. Less then 6 months I was prescribed  Simponi. In Canada my doctor got me lined up for Simponi and once I started they will give it to me free of charge. The drug company pays for it. I am very lucky. I have been in remission for since I started it 4 years ago.  Colin"
"Treatment Resistant Recurring Major Depressive Disorder - 300mg Wellbutrin XL and 75mg WellbutrinSR(1x in AM) which had been effective(stable baseline and fully functional) for years but due to life circumstances I began to feel depressed (feelings of hopelessness). After a week of 1/2 mg of adding Rexult the &quot;sense of doom&quot; dissipated and about another week of taking the 1mg I began to feel a sense that &quot;all is well&quot;. Side effects: intense feelings of thirst and hunger, body temperature increased. Definitely bareable and can easily be decreased by drinking water and eating healthy. Side effects minimized week 2. I also tended to be cold all the time which brought me to normal temp. I lost 3 lbs in 1st week. Miracle combo."
"Hospitalized January 2012 due to bleeding peptic ulcer which I didn&#039;t know I had. GI doc said ulcer was due not to H. pylori but entirely to NSAIDs, the nightly 325 mg aspirin (combination therapy with Plavix for RCA stent, Dec. 2010), to which I added generous doses of Advil (600-800 mg) most days trying to combat muscle pain from simvastatin (current combination of Livalo 2 mg   400 mg CoQ10 = no pain). I am supposed to continue Protonix as long as I am taking aspirin (now only 81 mg).  No visible side effects after a year and a half. I do take magnesium 2-3 times a week due to concern about Protonix knocking mg level down. Also take Caltrate, for the osteoporosis it may cause. Protonix is easy to take, but hard to get off of, I hear."
"I live with PTSD, social anxiety, panic, depression (manic). I&#039;ve had a rough life in the early years, and married young to a psycho. Then lost my first child. My life hasn&#039;t stopped taking as of today- I tend to hide away, in a literal sense. Locking all doors behind me. Recently the FDA marked Xanax a black label- (saying it&#039;s a killing drug with pain meds taken together) thanks to rich people and their drinking with meds, and those high profile dealers out there mixing fentenyl into simple drugs, and doctors prescribing 2mg Xanax pills several per day.., people like me get to be sick and be removed from 3 -1m tabs per day that were to help us be part of society- while we search for another medication to help us get there again.. "
"Ordered from online pharmacy as my Dr in the UK would not prescribe it.
Having suffered with Rosacea for nearly 15 years using different treatments I was fed up and after research decided to treat myself based on demodex mite theory.
I wash face with dove sensative soap and lukewarm water and after drying with paper towel apply a thin film to problem areas in may case cheeks and nose.
Only been using 2 weeks and after a couple of initial flare ups in first 10 days (possible reaction to mite die off and associated bacteria) things definitely seem to be getting noticeably better so really pleased just hope it continues.
I also changed my pillows and pillowcases I sleep on to help."
"Just started losartan 50mg I do know it takes time to work especially having blood pressure going as high as 158/113. The only side affect so far for me is dizziness which I had before taking this medication which doctor seems to think it is the blood pressure and vertigo making the dizziness. But do see some change in blood pressure after taking the medicine I can get my pressure down as low as 128/84 but throughout the day I get readings as high as 124/102. I hope this medicine will eventually get my pressure back down to normal range with in a couple of weeks but is being closely monitored by my doctor."
"My 8 yr old daughter has been suffering from so many of the side effects listed. She was switched to this due to a switch in her health insurance. My very happy social child has experienced such anxiety and breakdowns that have come out of no where.  She begs to not leave the house and to just be left alone in her room. Weightloss, diarrhea, painful urination the list continues. It breaks my heart. Her Doctor did not pick up on possibly the medicine being a cause she referred us to a therapist .
I will continue with therapist but, we as parents have to be our childrens advocate and remember that with Drs. there is a reason they call it &quot;practicing medicine &quot; 
That is exactly it they are practising.!"
"Have been taking the delzicol for 7 weeks and still not working as does ASACOL. 700 dollars later, who do I complain to...I need Asacol after all. Has only calmed things, still unable to eat most things and see no future for me and delzicol."
"I first started seeing the signs of rosacea on my cheeks almost 3 years ago (I&#039;m 35 now). It started with intermittent redness followed about a year later with the bumps and pustules. It&#039;s gotten progressively worse. No luck with metronidazole, or sodium sulfacetamide. Oracea made me feel bloated and awful so I stopped that. I desperately started Soolantra about 2 weeks ago and my face has gotten worse. More redness, more pustules. Is it supposed to get worse before it gets better? I think ivermectin specifically targets demodex mites...but what if my rosacea is due to something completely unrelated? How can we treat if we don&#039;t even know the cause? I am desperate for a solution..."
"Had to take Casodex as part of treatment for Prostate Cancer. Seems to have worked with only minor side effects."
"5 wks in no weight lost. Flit back and forth with one lb. Side effects faded three wks in but not terrible. Headache @first. Workouts started this wk."
"This medicine is really a lifesaver. Nothing worked. I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. A stint in a psychiatric hospital left them fighting over whether I was borderline or bipolar. I went through a real bad, horrid suicidal period. I just sobbed to my doctor, and he put me on this. I think I may have felt tired on this medication at first. But the changes were AMAZING! I could stay up all day, laugh and smile like I USED to! I had energy and motivation! This medication changed my life so radically and made the dark cloud go away! I stopped crying all the time. The suicidal thoughts went away. Just beware, I was very skinny and gained 83 pounds."
"Natroba killed the live lice and also the eggs in my child&#039;s hair.  Only one treatment was necessary.  I highly recommend this product and willl use it again in the future as it works quickly and is very effective.  The only issue is that the egg casings are left in the hair.  We have an issue with the school sending notes home stating my child has nits, when in fact, there are no viable nits in her hair."
"Took cymbalta for years for my fibromyalgia n depressions n really helped with the fibromyalgia but I started getting more depressed and my doctor put me on low doses n it help with the depression but not the fibro n after a couple of months he would increase the dosage. This kept going on for years until I decided to stop because I started having terrible dark thoughts. It scared me cause I did not want my daughters to find me dead.Took me over 2 years to eventually stop."
"I use it occasionally for migraine prevention and rarely for sedative effects."
"I&#039;m a 59 year-old chronic alcoholic on Natraxone since hospital assisted detox four weeks ago. I am also using antabuse in conjunction with Naltraxone. Both appear to be working. The Antabuse and Naltraxone are daily administered doses by my pharmacy. Due to its negative potential effect the Antabuse is the &#039;big gun&#039; in the treatment which pulls me up from temptation. I have drunk on Antabuse in the past and found it most unpleasant. Naltraxone is more subtle. The craving reduction effect was, less than apparent and hard to detect initially. I have no strong desire to drink so far and remain abstinent. Sleepiness/relaxation is a welcome outcome as I am a regular night shift worker. No experience of negative effects"
"I took the pill last year &amp; stopped it because I was emotional all the time &amp; felt like I had put on weight from it. I decided to try the nuvaring even tho I knew it had the same hormones. It was 10x worse than the pill. I was an emotional wreck, extremely tired all the time, &amp; always hungry. Not to mention it was scary taking it out the first time. I tend to be nervous about doing something like that but it was just awful. I don&#039;t recommend this. &amp; I&#039;m never getting back on it."
"I have been on numerous birth controls, but I got a blood clot about a year ago and I am no longer allowed to be on estrogen for the rest of my life so I started on the progesterone pills and they didn&#039;t stop my period so I got this implant and I have been straight bleeding for about three months straight with no break. Not even kidding this birth control is the worst and this isn&#039;t just spotting it&#039;s heavy bleeding, I&#039;m never happy anymore either I&#039;ve had it for about five months and I&#039;m getting it taken out to put and IUD in I can&#039;t even believe they market this as a valid birth control what woman would want such an irregular period"
"Don&rsquo;t be discouraged by the negative comments. The taste was t nearly as bad as people say it is. I did the liquid diet as prescribed, dressed warmly, and used plenty of petroleum jelly on my behind. Several comfortable bm&rsquo;s no discomfort whatsoever. Very effective and actually enjoyable. I&rsquo;d definitely do it again."
"While I&#039;m confident Flagyl is working I have suffered some severe side effects, one of which is unlisted. I believe it is working because my abdominal pain has significantly decreased since being diagnosed with diverticulitis about 1 week ago.  I am also taking Cipro. The reported side effect of having a metallic taste is very understated! Not only do I have an AWFUL paint/chemical taste constantly in my mouth, but my sense of smell is on overdrive! This has contributed significantly to my loss of appetite, nausea, and in many cases my inability to function. I threw away my sheets because I couldn&#039;t sleep; I carry around room deodorizer with me because whenever I walk into a room I gag due to the smells - that are only overwhelming to me."
"I was on Seasonique for a year or two and then a generic was made available and I switched to Camrese. I&#039;ve  been on Camrese for at least 5-6 years and it is truly awesome for me. But here&#039;s my advice to everyone: Spotting. I spotted occasionally on Camrese/Seasonique and yes, it&#039;s normal. But what my doctor told me and I have shared with friends experiencing the same is to stop your pill for 4 days. Allow the spotting to happen just as if it was a period, and then resume your pill. Be smart: use backup birth control those days. I found not always taking at the same time, within 2 hours, to be the cause of the spotting. I&#039;ve taken roughly 5 different pills over the past 10 years and Camrese worked best for me. But everyone is different!!"
"I started using phentermine for the first time 3 days ago. I have zero appetite and trouble sleeping. Also dry mouth. This pill has given me tons of energy. I lost 120lbs over the past 4 years on my own. Since having two surgeries I put on around 25 to 30lbs. I started out Monday 8/14/17 weighing 166. I will see my Dr in a month. I am 5&#039;4 female and I&#039;m 33 years old my ideal weight by the Dr is between 108 and 145. I have been 166 lbs for a while and it doesn&#039;t look that great on me. I felt comfortable at 145 so that my goal. So that&#039;s about 20lbs that I need to loose."
"Well. What can I say - Viagra has been great. Works for about 6-7 hours with very minimal side effects. Only side effect I experience was a mild headache the next day. Been using it for 6 months now and I haven&#039;t noticed any decreases in effectiveness/strength. I am only 29 years old though."
"ankles may swell if no exercise and possible nasal stuffiness and swelling.
Very effective in reducing b.p."
"I can sleep through the night. No more getting up twice to just let it all out and clean up the mess. No more running to the bathroom every two hours because I&#039;m leaking through. I love this."
"Paxil is very effective. I struggled with anxiety for a year and Paxil is the only thing that helped."
"I cannot describe the amount of excruciating pain this medicine causes. Nothing I say will describe the feeling. Do not take this. You will most definitely be in pain. First I was woken up by severe nausea and that last about an hour before raging event came. All night long! Back and forth to the bathroom. I would think there&#039;s no way I have anything left in me and bam there I am on the toilet again! To say it works is an understatement."
"1st month with Nexplanon in arm. Very convenient considering not taking a pill everyday or remembering to get prescription for Nuvaring every month (and then remembering to insert on the right date).  With Nexplanon I had some symptoms that were quite worrisome because they were like pregnancy symptoms. Even more so than other methods of birth controls I have used in the past.  The symptoms included strong food cravings, increased appetite, always sleepy, lightheadness when standing up, breast augmentation, and most scariest stomach flutters. The day I had planned to take a pregnancy test is the day my period started. So far period is very light."
"So, on day 7 of my cycle, my partner came completely inside of me, I took the pill within a hour afterwards. I had typical withdrawal bleeding 5 days later that was much shorter than a normal period. Plus my actually period wasn&#039;t due for several weeks. It&#039;s now been two weeks since I took Econtra Ez from my student health center (generic plan b) and I just can&#039;t stop worrying. Do you guys think I&#039;m in the safe zone because I took the pill early and it was earlier in my cycle?"
"My nexplanon was inserted 4 months ago. I hate it! It prevents pregnancy however the rest is horrible. I have gained so much weigh plus my period last a month then a two week break then another month long period. I&#039;m having mine taken out."
"I started smoking when i was 16 and today i am 33.  I have used Chantix two other times and had no side effects at all.  I also have mental issues and my illnesses didnt get worse so i continued the medication finished both times had good results less desires to smoke and the medication was working.  Once i was done with the pills i went back to smoking immediatelly.  This time i had to pay for my Chantix which with discount was 161.00 for the starter pack...luckily my ex left a two week supply of the 1mg tablets that were still good to get me through.  i didnt quit at first after the first week of treatment.  i kept smoking but not as much.  im 19 days in now off chantix, been one week off treatment...it works!!!!"
"Started on 10mg daily in May. Began having headaches daily and my joints in my hands increased in pain, especially in the am. I am in my 4th month now headaches are much better. Hands still hurt but seem a little better. Now my back aches a lot and I feel tired every morning. It&#039;s like I stayed up half the night making it a chore to get up and get ready for work. I worry about all the things this drug may be doing to my kidneys, liver and muscles. However, after 3 months my cholesterol and LDL dropped significantly. I would like to maybe decrease to every other day or maybe try diet and exercise again."
"I&#039;ve been taking this birth control for a little over two years now. It&#039;s been great overall, but lately, I&#039;ve been extremely depressed for absolutely no reason, and my mood swings have been terrible(I go from contemplating killing someone to crying in a matter of seconds) and felt like I lost the need to live until I started thinking, maybe it&#039;s my birth control? It&#039;s like, I know that&#039;s the cause of all of this. I can&#039;t wait to get it out of my system for good."
"My new Dr. Recommend I use afin for my sinus congestion, the first time my nose and my throat burned and stinging. Now my throat is sore and  I lost my voice. It made my illness worse. I was better of using saline."
"On my 3rd week with no improvement, increased pain, swelling, and FEVER exponentially increased, (not &quot;core&quot; temp just &quot;hot joints&quot;) decreased energy, frequent headache, and increased depression! I didn&#039;t know any of these things could get worse than they already were? But they have! :-( Hanging in there because mine is in every single joint and &quot;unrelenting&quot; I don&#039;t really have flares cuz mine is constant daily (and nightly) pain, swelling, the fever "
"My experience was good. Although my side effects were a bit intense! I only had to take the pills for 2 days and the first day , I felt kinda funny and very uncomfortable. The second day I threw up a couple times and felt a little queasy and dizzy. But over all the medicine works good and my smell and over discharge went away"
"I have been suffering from migraines for about 2 years now. I&#039;ve tried a few different prescription pills and I&#039;ve suffered from horrible side effects from each one. I was to the point where I felt almost hopeless because I couldn&#039;t do anything to relieve the pain when I would get migraines. My neurologist prescribed me Migrainal last month and I&#039;ve had 3 horrible migraines since then. Each time I have used Migrainal within 30 minutes they are gone and I feel great and not defeated by the horrible migraine. I definitely would recommend and consider this a miracle!"
"Prescribed to me for 14 days for a sinus, throat and lung infection that I was battling for 4 weeks without any relief through natural home remedies. Started to unclog the sinus within 72 hours, and began to be able to clear nose and chest through productive cough and sniffing inward to expel the phlegm. Drink plenty of water and eat/drink plenty of probiotic yogurt to avoid the associated diarrhea and stomach issues that can start. Works great. Found it better than Levaquin and without the severe tendon pain/ripping that was caused in my calves when sleeping. "
"Okay, so I got back together with my boyfriend after 6 months apart...one thing led to another which led to us being together with no condom.  I was definitely fertile as it was right in the &quot;window&quot;.  He wasn&#039;t worried about it, but I was freaking out, but didn&#039;t get to use the pill until like 36 hours after having sex several times.

Now, let me first say that the pill DID work after A LOT of stressing.  I had a forced period about a week after taking it, but then nothing for about a month and a half.  Considering side effects, I would have been better off just taking my chances.  I&#039;ve had everything from pimples to nausea to cramps...to gaining like 5 pounds. Now I&#039;m in the middle of the worst period EVER!   So it worked, but NEVER AGAIN!"
"Useless as a sleep aid.  Zombie like effects the next day."
"My  16 year old dughter was prescribed this medicine and after two doses became exhausted. She could not remember anything she learned in school. Said it was effortful to walk, although she walked normally.  She described herself as feeling like she was in a dream state. I discontinued the drug and within 24 hours she felt normal."
"I had my meniscus repaired last November after a fall the previous year. I had tried physical therapy, ice, heat, celebrex for 9 months.I have arthritis which is extremely painful. I received first cortisone shot which gave me wonderful relief for 6 weeks. Pain worsened so I needed to have knee drained on three separate occasions and more cortisone shots. My knee is still very swollen at least twice the size of my other one. I got Euflexxa shots over 3 week period. They were painful when administered. I experienced nausea and a headache after each shot approximately thirty minutes after injection.I didn&#039;t have any relief unfortunately. My surgeon feels it&#039;s time for knee replacement.  I am happy for those who report success."
"I was given one injection of this with Benadryl by a nurse whom by the doctor in charge was not granted permission to administer the medications. I was sleeping in the ER after four days was woken up by the nurse and told I was a nuisance to him and he and three other male orderlies in the ER told me they were sick of seeing me there. I told him I might have a seizure if it&#039;s a drug that wasn&#039;t my current medicine and he said he didn&#039;t care. Ten minutes or less I had a seizure and the hospital then released me, I found out they were ill equipped to deal with seizures in the specific ER. What a total waste of time! Haldol was horrible for me. Would never recommend!"
"Started about a month ago. I have had mild acne for years. This product works amazingly. I only apply before I go to sleep. I found twice in a day was to much, and made my face red / sensitive. When that happens I give it a day or two to heal and flake. Let me tell you after it flakes and heals your skin looks great. I continue  to apply before bed. This routine has cleared my acne. One of the only products I have found to actually work. Here&#039;s a tip. Make sure to rub into your skin thoroughly."
"I&#039;m a married 45 yr old Australian male of good fitness and health (BMI=25). Although I probably wouldn&#039;t say I had erectile dysfunction, I found our sex life non-existent and found after only one very short &#039;round&#039; I just couldn&#039;t get it up again.

After taking Viagra - AMAZING. It was like my body was 18 yrs old again. First erection after ~50minutes from taking the pill and the erections of steel easily lasted about 8-10 hours. My wife does not know I have taken Viagra but was pleasantly shocked by about 6 &#039;full on&#039; rounds in bed in 10 hours! Yes I had mild side effects so I probably couldn&#039;t use it everyday. Mild headaches, sinus congestion and tiredness."
"I take 5 or 10 mg depending on the day. I love this med. it shuts my mind off so i can sleep. I&#039;ve tried cutting out caffeine using allergy meds herbal type sleep aides and Tylenol pm....the crap doesn&#039;t work. Ambien is only thing that&#039;s worked and I&#039;ve never done anything dangerous or weird on it"
"I got my Nexplanon inserted on 5/14 (3 days before my prom), and was completely satisfied. The only part that sucked was the numbing, besides that I felt nothing. After the insertion I had no symptoms, just a severely bruised arm that I had to cover up for prom. I guess you can say that I am one of the luckier cases, I have not had my period since the insertion, nor have I had any bad side effects. Only reason why I got it was because I go off to college in the fall and don&#039;t want anything unexpected. I highly recommend this form of birth control because once it is in, that is all- no 3 month visits to your expensive gyno, no daily reminders of taking a pill and no painful insertions."
"I have been taking Yaz for 4 years, due to irregular cycle related to ovarian cysts.  I am pleased that my periods are shorter and there is absolutely no cramping.  It has helped alleviate hormonal migraines and my skin has never been more clear.  Prior to birth control, my cycle was completely irregular, such as skipping months altogether, and it was frustrating being so unpredictable.  Now, I know exactly when my period is coming.  The only  negatives: I did gain a little weight and it is expensive since I don&#039;t have insurance."
"I have Uveitis from an autoimmune condition called Behcets Syndrome.  I recently had a flare and was given this prescription.  It cost $234.00 at Walmart.  I have flares before and the general good ole Pred Forte does the same thing for TEN TIMES CHEAPER.  I can get Pred Forte for $25.  The bottle is bigger too.  This is another way the drug companies are bringing new products to market, selling the idea and even sometimes a commercial interest in pushing the drug to patients with a kickback.  You and my only recourse?  Writing reviews like this to protect unwary consumers.  Ask for the Pred Forte and save yourself and your insurance company some money.  I hate getting ripped off by people whom I trust."
"Doc has me taking 150 mg morning and 150 mg evening.  I have gained 50 pounds in 6 months.  I am going to get him to take me off this.  I went on a salad diet for a week with balsamic vinegar dressing (1 Tablespoon for a huge salad).  I ate salad for lunch and dinner and drank nothing but water with lemon in it.  I gained 2 pounds.  I told this to my doctor and he said that I must have cheated.  Why would anyone go on just a salad diet if they weren&#039;t serious about losing weight?  I do not recommend this drug. I did start using cyclobenzaprine and it really helps with the leg cramps."
"While this medication can be obtained relatively cheaply, please make sure you read about any side effects it can cause.  While I did feel a little better while taking it, I gained a significant amount of weight in a short period of time (40lbs in 2 months).  I have since been taken off of it because the rapid weight gain was concerning to my PCP who relayed it to my Psychiatrist.  Make sure you speak up if you are experiencing any of the side effects.  Weight gain like I experienced is not worth me taking this medication."
"I am not the same person when I&#039;m off this medication, the difference is nearly night and day. I&#039;m so much happier, I have heaps more confidence, and all in all my life just works better when I&#039;m on it. I only came off it as a trial but I went back on after a month; I don&#039;t like the way I am without it I&#039;m irritable, and cry easily and obsess about everything! That has eased up so much and I am generally much happier and more able to get on with my life :)"
"I have sjogrens so have a dry mouth. I would give it 10, but I find only one drawback.  I can take only four per day and many days I could use just one more.  But this has really been a godsend for me.  I developed 30 small cavities during the time that I was not taking this (about one year).  And I was slurring my words so much because of the completely dry mouth - my husband actually thought I was having a series of strokes.
With pilocarpine I have my dental problems under control, and I have my voice and comfort back.  

My primary doctor did not know about this.  My rheumatologist did not suggest it, my dentist did not know of it...  I got on the internet and looked for a medicine that had the side effect of making my &quot;mouth water&quot; -- almost immediately I found this Rx."
"I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder about 8 months ago and placed on Risperdal after ending up in the hospital due to a nervous breakdown, 6 weeks after my diagnosis. I was prescribed 0.5 mg in the morning and 1.0 mg in the evenings, but I felt like a zombie. It did curb the severe mood swings, and I also gained about 10 pounds in the first month. I didn&#039;t like feeling disconnected from the world and not being able to focus or concentrate, so I independently reduced my evening dose to 0.75 mg. I immediately felt better. I&#039;m still struggling with a low sex drive, depression and have a few moments of hypomania (restlessness, agitation, &quot;geeked up&quot;), so now my doctor wants me to go on Depakote 500 mg twice a day instead."
"I was have burning pain to my feet, with sharp shooting pains from my toes.  Lyrica has completly stopped both kinds of pain.  It has also helped with the shart shooting pains in my fingers - arthritis related."
"This is my miracle drug!"
"I highly recommend Yaz for anyone experiencing awful pms/pmdd. I was on a generic pill, Lutera, for around 6 months, and each month my symptoms got worse and worse. The last week that I was on it was one of the worst weeks of my life, mood swings, roller coaster emotions, suicidal thoughts, and I begged my doctor to put in an IUD. She had me try Yaz, and I&#039;m glad she did. For the first month I cramped more than usual and my breasts were tender, but the change in my emotional level is amazing. I can actually function! This drug was life-changing for me."
"I absolutely HATE this medication. Being a vegetarian, I typically eat a lot of probiotics, so thankfully I didn&#039;t have the diarrhea side effect, but oh my goodness the nausea was incredibly awful. This is the third time I&#039;ve had to take this, and without fail this always happens. Thankfully I&#039;ve never actually thrown up, but I&#039;d be lying if I said I haven&#039;t been keeled over the toilet crying, with my boyfriend holding frozen Brussel sprouts to my neck. Delightful."
"I was put on this a few years ago and I was so happy to gain weight. 
I am almost 32 yo, I have 9 children, 5&#039;6 and only weight 104 lbs. I am going back on it. I want to look like a woman, not a child. My oldest son was mistaken as my boyfriend.  I was so embarrassed."
"False-positive urine immunoassay screening tests for amphetamines have been reported in patients taking bupropion (the active ingredient contained in Wellbutrin SR).
This happened to me with the birth of our second child.  Our daughter tested positive for amphetamines.  Child Services were called and we had to prove our own innocents!  The nurse reporting the &quot;problem&quot;  told us that they knew that Wellbutrin SR could cause this result but according to the law we were still reported.  "
"I have been getting the shot since 2012, before having children. After a few years I was scared hearing that this shot causes infertility so I stopped in 2015&#039; within 4 month a was pregnant!

I had a good experience with the shot. My weight has been up and down but nothing drastic. The shot definitely protected me from getting pregnant and thats what I wanted %u263A I will continue with it because  not sure about iuds yet"
"Stopped the symptoms (heartburn and reflux) immediately and completely. No side effects. For me, a wonder pill."
"BEST thing in the world for a ear infection. Dries up the water in the ear along with killing the bacteria running amok in there. Have used this for 30 years for my annual weather change induced inner ear infection with no side effects. Works better than a z-pak."
"I just wanted to write a review because I read so many negative reviews prior to my experience, that I figured I&#039;d share mine to outweigh the bad. I got skyla a couple of days ago, and I&#039;ve never had an IUD. It was a pretty painful experience, but only lasted about five minutes. I had some pretty severe cramping for the next few hours, but was still able to work. the past few days ive had no cramps and only light spotting."
"This medicine saved my teenager from horrible OCD. 200mg at bedtime, dry mouth is the only side effect. Every once in awhile he will have an episode, but I am able to talk him through it. He tried every med, this was the only one that worked."
"I can live again. Zoloft is a miracle medicine."
"I took 15 mg dose for about a year almost nightly. At best it only had a mild effect at helping me fall asleep and did not allow me to sleep longer than my usual four to five hours. Two unfortunate side effects occurred. Occasionally I would get sleep paralysis which is being fully aware mentally while your body is frozen in a sleep State. This lasts for a few minutes. The other unfortunate side effect is intense grogginess for most of the next day. I found that I spent much of the time during that year sitting in a chair during the day because I did not have the mental or physical energy to get up and do anything. Obviously one gets a tolerance for the drug soon and I would say that after about a month there was virtually no benefit"
"Getting the Paragard was the best decision I have ever made for myself. For the first 3 months, I bled much heavier than normal and experienced some severe cramps. However, by the 4th month, my bleeding and cramps significantly reduced. I have a moderate flow, heavier than I had before Paragard, but it is very manageable. I cramp still, maybe once every four months. I do not like taking hormonal birth control. With Paragard, your period does not disappear (something that worried me to no end), and you don&#039;t have to worry about missing pills or dealing with weird side effects like becoming emotionally unstable (pills made me suicidal) or gaining weight. Not to mention Paragard is probably the most cost effective birth control available."
"If it is taken as your Doctor says then it is a really effective in treating anxiety."
"The condom broke around 6pm (Wednesday) I was devastated and extremely angry. The next day (Thursday) around 1 I went to CVS pharmacy and bought Plan B One-Step over the counter. I had a headache and tense breast right after taking the pill for a few days. I was paranoid and thought it was pregnancy symptoms. I have a calender and my period was due on the following week (Saturday) to be exact. Days of being extremely paranoid and dealing with little side effects went by. Until my period came when expected! Thank you Jesus! Plan B works! Just wanted to explain my experience with teenagers like me... There is an option! Do not wait too long to take this pill."
"Have been taking Epclusa for just over a week now constantly feel tired, but after 35yrs of living with hep c I reckon it&#039;s a small price to pay. I&#039;m also on Suboxone 8 mg a day wondering if this has anything to do with tiredness. Can only hope that it knocks this disease on the head and I can get a few extra years out of this abused body of mine. Glad it&#039;s on the PBS scheme here in Australia"
"It started to clear up my acne after a few months of taking it, but the side effects were awful. I felt nauseous instantly afterwards and then was also sometimes sick, I couldn&#039;t sit or lie down for at least an hour afterwards and if I did I was guaranteed to be sick. I also had to make sure that I ate beforehand and didn&#039;t take the medication on an empty stomach because that would also cause sickness. The nausea was the worst part because I had to sit for half an hour feeling sick before I actually was which made it even worse. I eventually stopped taking it after about a year because my acne had completely cleared up, but then 6 months later it came back...only a temporary fix for me and the effects of it almost make it pointless"
"The first week I had to force my self to eat I didn&#039;t have a taste for anything but once I took my first bite I ate it all 
Two meal a day big breakfast before pill
The second week it was self control 
 slight headaches from missing meals so don&#039;t skip meals 
I drunk tea so I could use the bathroom 
Ate high fiber foods and high protein foods
No sugar no drugs no alcohol no caffeine 
don&#039;t drink alcohol with this medicine alcohol is a depressant and APEX gives you energy you are going to feel so weird plus alcohol is sugar it&#039;s empty Calories 
I lose total of ten pounds in two weeks
I&#039;m going on my third week 
Stay at 2000 -2500 calories per day 
Drink water no snacking eat salad if you get the urge I&#039;m a medical student hopes this helps"
"Natalia W here  again, as I said I would review this pill if my period did not stop... I am on day 15 now of my period. It got lighter at day 9-14, where I never wore a tampon however bled when I peed or worked out... Today I woke up, day 15, cramps, heavier bleeding, and wearing a tampon AGAIN. Made an appointment with my Dr to see if this is normal.... I did just start this BC so I hope my body is just regulating... Still no weight gain, no crazy mood swings, no acne.... Just non stop period. Will update with new info if necessary... Still  not a bad pill because no weight gain, acne , and my  sex drive is still pretty much the same, maybe a tiny bit lowered, but probably because I am constantly on my period."
"I have been on birth since I was 14 or 15 to contol my period . I have  been on the pill, the ring, and the shot. The shot was the devil and while on the shot I went to my gyn and told her I wouldn&#039;t stop bleeding and I wanted to stop the shot and I told her I wanted to try the patch . I was going to wait for the shot to wear off because I have 5 more weeks but I couldn&#039;t take the bleeding  so I put on the patch on a Sunday  a couple hours later the bleeding stopped !! I love love the patch it is easy to remember the only problem I have had the last 2 patch is it left my skin irritated  but its my fault because I shaved the area before I put on the patch"
"I still have mine it&#039;s been 2 years and a month. Some mood swings but not bad always hungry gained like 40 pounds but I have no period no cramps. I have not broke out at all and I never have before ether. My hair grew really fast !! I think it&#039;s amazing it&#039;s just the weight gain and always tired cuz I feel so fat now and less active. But that&#039;s why I have a gym. I feel fine"
"Worked great.  Dont know how everyone else almost died.  Yall must have done something wrong."
"Day 2, definitely noticing reduced cravings but super nauseous and weird pain in left side of neck plus super tired even though I&#039;ve been drinking a lot of coffee. I&#039;ve been reading the reviews online and I&#039;m not willing to continue taking with the serious side effects I&#039;m reading about."
"I have been taking Prozac 20 mg for about a month.  I went through a divorce last year, which was stressful, and still is.  I was staying stressed out, cried a lot, had a negative attitude, and wasn&#039;t sleeping.  I went to my doctor and she prescribed Prozac to take every morning and Ambien, which is only has needed.  It took about 7-10 days, but I can tell a difference.  I don&#039;t feel all stressed out anymore, I handle problems and situations better.  I haven&#039;t cried at all since taking it, not sure how I feel about that.  I just kinda feel like I&#039;m on an even-keel, so to speak.  Haven&#039;t had any real side effects from the Prozac.  I like taking it, and will probably stay on it for a while."
"I had skyla inserted October 2014, it is now February 2016. I am 29 years old and have been on birth control since I was 21.  I have tried several different varieties of the pill as well as Nuevo ring. In search of the perfect birth control I think skyla comes close, but not perfect. There a couple cons to this birth control, but in my opinion the pros definitely out weigh the cons.
Pro: free- completely covered by my insurance. 
Pro: almost worry free. I was told to check the strings every month to make sure the IUD is still in place. So far so good. 
con: When I switched to skyla my menstrual cramps returned after almost 9 years. They are not as bad as I remember and after a heating pad and Advil I am fine. 
con: irregular period"
"Before Phisohex could only be purchased by prescription, I used it regullarly for feminine hygenine. The product worked perfect, was long lasting, and I never had any side affects. I used Phisohex from 1966 until, much to my dismay, it was taken off my druggist over the counter  shelves and could only be purchased with a prescription. Would still be using it if I could. Wonderful solution!"
"I received my copper IUD as the most recommended form of birth control after an abortion (I was in a highly abusive relationship and 17 years old).. Anyways, after insertion (painless) I did throw up because of all the pain killers. After insertion was like a normal period. Bleeding and cramps. They said sex was safe after 3 weeks. So me, silly and young, had sex 3 weeks later. But had no complications. I&#039;m still with the 3 week later partner, a year later, and we&#039;ve ditched condoms and have an active sex life and I can say it&#039;s 100% effective. I&#039;ve had two experiences where it&#039;s hurt ALOT after sex but went away after a few hours. But it was nothing compared to the pain of making the wrong choice about a baby. Would recommend."
"I have been on Doxycycline for 7 and a half weeks.  It says it takes 6-8 weeks to work and that is absolutely true.  I still have acne right now but its definitely clearing up in this week.  I made the mistake of touching my face a lot and picking at my acne which will not help it clear up.  I am taking one tablet of doxycycline 100mg a day with Clearasil foam wash twice a day with Aczone in the morning and Epiduo at night.  Just be patient and it will work in 6-8 weeks."
"i have been depressed most my life, it runs rampant in my family, i really dont have much to be depressed about, i have a good life, i have some bumps,  been taking &quot;SERTRALINE 200MG/DAILY&quot;, FOREVER, I WAS STUCK, THERE WERE days i would stare out my window for 8 hours doing nothing, zero energy, zero interest in anything, had to force myself to do things, thought some of this was due to being menopausal, but the doc gave me abilify, started with2mg, about 2 weeks later i felt something but not enough, went to 4mg a day with my depression pills, im telling u in one week,, someone turn the lite on, amazing, energy, interests everything, but the cost is unabtainable, no insurance been getting free samples, 1400$/month. help, i cant go off thes"
"I was on Synthroid or levothyroxine for over 20 years. Never ever worked. I lost my business because I was so exhausted and brain fogged. I finally switched to Nature-Throid. What a wonderful difference. Back in business and feeling great."
"I just started on June 23rd. I was 224lb and I&#039;m 210lb now. But I&#039;m a bit worried. I&#039;m only on 15mg and I see much higher doses in these reviews. Maybe I will need a higher dose as time goes by. So far I&#039;m happy."
"My 17 year old asthmatic son previously was on advair hfa inhaler and using his albuterol inhaler 3x week.  He had a blood test come back indicating he was uncontrolled. He just took his second dose of 2 puffs of the sample Dulera the immunologist gave him and walked out the door mentioning a bad taste in his mouth. Half way down the street from our home (while he was driving) he suddenly could not breathe!!! Thank God he is ok but, is badly shaken. Writing this review to advise everyone be at home with a family member/friend when you begin taking Dulera...we could have had a real tragedy a d I don&#039;t want this to happen to anyone else. Needless to say we will be discontinuing and calling doctor first thing Monday morning."
"I&#039;ve just started on paxil. Doctor said take in morning but I&#039;ve been horribly groggy and depressed. So I switched to taking it at night and there&#039;s an amazing difference! I&#039;m energetic and I feel good this far. I can organize My thoughts and anxiety seems to be down abit but like I said just the begenning.

Weight loss- paxil curbs my appetite!! It&#039;s great because I need to lose a lot of weight. I&#039;ve lost about 6 pounds so far but I am also dieting, exercising, and actively trying to lose weight the appetite suppressant affect just help me a lot!"
"I have been on phend for 5 weeks and my Dr put me on b12 shot every week also and I have lost 16 lb so far am so happy with it no side effect at all except dry mouth. I feel thirsty all the time and this is a good thing :&#039;) my energy level is so good I use to wight 162 and now am 146.  I was reading about the med and start to get worried about withdrawal after taking it I still have 15 lbs to lose so if any one can ensure me or tell me what was his/her experience please. Thank u"
"I am so proud to say that I have lost 67 lbs. so far with Contrave.  I am 6&#039; and had a starting weight of 327, was pre-diabetic, have fibromyalgia, and bp was creeping up the scale.   Contrave and my own personal decision to change my life are the key to success with  Contrave. This medicine has given me energy and focus...the kind of focus that stops my constant thoughts of food.  Just having finished thanksgiving I can honestly say that I am thinking about other things besides eating to satisfy the urge, now I eat for fuel and energy and concentrate on things that are good for me.  Finally there is more to life than food.  I even starting working out at a gym on Thanksgiving...LOL!!  Best advise my doctor has ever given me!!!"
"Taking Accutane/Isotretinoin was the Best Decision I made! I had Moderate acne and very oily skin and now my Face, back, and chest are Clear! My only side effects were dry lips my hair started to thin my last month of treatment. I took it for 5 &amp; 1/2 months, did not see a Dr and bought it off the internet. The Depo shot was my Birth control while taking it. I figured out my own dosage by how much I weighted and I started with 20 mg a day just to get used to it. Then went to 40 mg a day after a month. Then I finished my last 3 months with 60 mg a day, which was the correct dosage for my weight. 130 pounds. I avoided taking Vitamin A and drank plenty of water to help hydrate my skin. The best money I spent as well, compared to the years I spent trying everything else. I was tired of my acne killing my self-esteem, always covering up my chest and back, ashamed to take pictures. I know that depression is a potential symptom, but Taking Isotretinoin brought me nothing but happiness! I started seeing results in the first month. My pores shrank and my oily face and hair dramatically changed too. I have been off the medicine for a month and a half now still No acne at all, like not even one! My hair is back to normal now too, not as oily as it used to be. Overall I would strongly recommend it! But of course do a lot of research to see if it&#039;s right for you. But it is possible to take without a Dr. or dermatologist and without taking all the pregnancy &amp; blood tests. Anyway hope this was helpful. Best of luck getting acne free! :D"
"Since I&#039;ve been on Concerta I&#039;ve lost 9 1/2 pounds within the three months. So far I&#039;ve had to go to the hospital because it has caused me to have bad anxiety. Also I can&#039;t eat, I can&#039;t sleep. Although it makes me sick everyday and I have depression, my grades have gone up. So I guess it helps with something."
"This medication cleared my urinary tract infection symptoms within 24 hours, but left me feeling super sleepy and dizzy! I guess it&#039;s a small price to pay for relief. I&#039;m glad I have a few days off work though because I would not be able to work like this."
"I was put on baclofen for muscle spasms caused from spinal stenosis.  It works quite well for me.  If I miss a dose, I can feel the difference. My doctor increased my dose to the maximum when I had more episode of my leg spasming."
"OK if you can tolerate the side effects"
"I also found that the generic did not work as well as Azor. With Azor my bp is usually 120/78 and with the new generic it&#039;s 140/100. I will continue to use Azor and hope that the cost of $360 per month comes down."
"I have used Systane for about 9 weeks and have been experiencing severe swelling and irritation of my eyelids, including splitting of the skin and drying out of the sore areas.  Have narrowed down the cause as Systane, and not blepharitis."
"I started taking this about 7 months ago. I have never taken any prescibed medicine prior to this. I am 62. Was having problems focusing at work. Taking 30 mgs and don&#039;t want to increase. Sometimes will take a break on weekends like this weekend. Really helps with focus, memory and energy level. I don&#039;t notice any side effects. Hasn&#039;t effected sleep. I take at about 6:30 AM and it wears off by afternoon. It is pretty expensive because insurance doesn&#039;t cover and have to visit Dr. every month. If you are older and in good health and have ADD symptoms I suggest you look into this. Your body adjusts to it over the first couple months. The first time you take it you feel euphoric but that is not what you want. Keep taking small dose."
"This is the only medication that seems to stop my the repetitive thoughts. It also improves improve mood and anxiety . Need to exercise alot though to fight the dreaded weight gain."
"My son had severe acne. We tried every prescription and non-prescription topical cream and also the oral medications, minocycline and doxycycline. Nothing worked and he was struggling for 2 years with self esteem crushing acne all over his face. I was hesitant to have him try Accutane because of all the side effects but I&#039;m so glad we decided to have him try it. He started at 40 mg the first month and then switched to 80 mg for 5 months. His face is completely clear. I call this a miracle drug.   It&#039;s not for everyone and please realize there are some serious side effects for some people. My son mainly just had chapped lips and some peeling skin but nothing that wasn&#039;t manageable with moisturizer and chap stick"
"I have been using Diamox off and on since 2009 for pseudotumor cerbri. With the correct dosage I was able to reasonably maintain my headaches. The most common side effects I have are tingling in hands, face, and feet and dry mouth. These are tolerable side effects compared to pain off of the medication."
"My 12 year old son has been having migraines for 2 years now.    At first it was only once every few months. However, it progressed to once or twice a week - with vision aura and speech disturbance.  I took him to a Pediatric Neurologist and he said it was likely from puberty.   He prescribed 500 mg of Depakote ER.   It seemed to start working right away.  It has been almost 2 months now and he has only had one migraine now in almost 2 months. Far better than before.  
He hasn&#039;t had any of the noticeable side effects - hair loss, weight gain. He takes it before bedtime. It is hard to get him up in the morning but don&#039;t know if that is from the medicine or from going to bed too late!"
"Thank God for this drug.  It has helped me immensely"
"I was prescribed this for a sore throat and mild cough after I found out I had Mono, and Walking Pneumonia. It didn&#039;t do a THING! I couldn&#039;t feel it at all, and it made my throat itch as it went down. Plus it&#039;s so icky tasting."
"I have been taking quetiapine for 4 years now for Bipolar Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder and I have found them very effective in my treatment. I have however also been taking lamotrigine, fluoxetine for my bulimia also and promethazine. I do struggle with sleep, etc. but the problems aren&#039;t as severe."
"Prescribed 100mg every six to eight hours for lower back muscular pain.  Relieves symptoms and along with PT has provided relief.  I only take it when the pain flares up.  There was an initial instance or two of psychedelic like effects the first two or three times I took Nucynta and went to bed.  Seem to sleep okay after taking Nucynta now.  Provides much better relief than Oxycodone did.  Have experienced some tiredness while taking."
"I was on Nexplanon for 3 months. For the first week I felt alright, but I started to feel like a slow fog was building around me. I bleed for the entire 3 months while I had Nexplanon. It was a constant bleeding, with minor cramps. But that was not the worst part of it, the worst part was the severe severe depression that happened. I felt like I was in a constant state of a bad dream and couldnt see my way out of it. I was bleeding non-stop and felt horrible the whole time, so no sex drive at all. I would HIGHLY suggest any women thinking of trying this to reconsider."
"Knocked out a very stubborn sinus infection and once a day was added benefit."
"I had a good experience with my first pack of pills - no spotting.  I lost weight and my breasts grew a full cup size - friends keep asking if I had an enhancement done!  I did have a lot of breast tenderness that continues and heavy cramping around my period.  I&#039;m now exactly half way through my second 90 day pack and have had a light menstrual flow for the past 7 days.  I take my pill at exactly the same time every day and never miss so I&#039;m disappointed this is happening.  I hope it doesn&#039;t continue.  Overall, I&#039;m happy and the pill works as I&#039;m not pregnant which is the most important thing!"
"I have been over weight for over twenty years. I have high blood pressure and tried many times to lose weight on my own with little or no success. I have been talking Qsymia now since January 23rd and I have lost 40 pounds. I feel great my blood pressure is down and I have not experienced any side effects. Very happy %u2665"
"I get migraines and its hard to get a medication that actually helps it. This helps sinus headaches as well."
"Absolutely love this product! I have had re-occuring infections for years, some stints  longer than others. Recently I have had UTI&#039;s almost constantly. Clears up and comes back. Started taking Hiprex with a Urinary Tract Support vitamins and it kept the infection away for ages! Finished a lot of Hiprex and didn&#039;t restock. Low and behold, infection is back! Grabbed another bottle and after just a few hours I am feeling a difference!"
"Been on a plateau for 2 years and out of desperation I took Contrave for 2 months.  I gained 6 pounds, not the results I expected.  It did not curb my appetite.  The only weight I lost was in my wallet because my insurance did not cover the cost.  Big mistake!  There is no &quot;magic pill&quot;.  I would rate this as a big &quot;fat&quot; zero (no pun intended), but it won&#039;t let me rate lower than a 2."
"I needed to be on Armour Thyroid because Synthetic Thyroid didn&#039;t work on me. I could not convert T3 to T4.
  Now the company has re Formulated &quot;Armour&quot; and it doesn&#039;t work.
&quot;NP Thyroid&quot; works Very well."
"I had botox injections into bladder about 3 weeks ago but it has made no difference to my OAB so far. The procedure itself is quite uncomfortable and I actually felt my symptoms were worse the week after I had it done.

I know it takes two weeks to take effect so was really hoping to see a difference as the constant need to go to the toilet is so stressful. But unfortunately 3 weeks in and I don&#039;t see much if any difference. I do seem to be able to go longer through the night but daytime is no better.

I&#039;ve had no other side effects so don&#039;t regret trying, just wish it would work!"
"I&#039;ve been on the nuvaring for about 4 months now and I absolutely hate it. The only reason I have continued to use it is because I don&#039;t have a period while taking it. This BC gives me the most extreme mood swings I have ever experienced. I can be happy one minute then be mad/depressed the next. This has caused me to have relationships to fail in my life. I absolutely hate it and I would never recommend this to anyone!"
"So I have been taking contrave for over a month and have lost ~16 lbs so far. I used to suffer from control issues. I could never have one slice of pizza it was always 4+ Not just 1 taco, but a taco dinner.. I would try to abstain from eating junk food or high fatty foods only to be dreaming about them at night waking up and thinking I actually ate these things in the morning, when I woke up it would only make my cravings exponentially worse. After taking contrave within the first week that need to keep overeating went away! I still have about 60 more pounds to go and I can&#039;t see myself doing it without contrave. I am even a part of the Scale Down weight loss program And I highly recommend it! Only if you can  mentally handle weighing daily"
"I am 29 years old been smoking for 13-14 years I have two daughters and I knew it was time to quit they shouldn&#039;t have to wait on me to play till after I have a cigarette. I did a lot of research which is very scary but I firmly believe everyone reacts different to medication! This medicine is a miracle for me! I quickly cut back to just a couple cigarettes a day in the first week. By day 6 I was done smoking! Havent smoked since. Only side effects I had were constipation but I just went down to only taking 1 pill per day and that corrected its self!"
"Been on 250/50 Advair for just over a year. It does great at preventing asthma attacks. I still have congestion &amp; coughing. Despite rinsing my mouth &amp; brushing my teeth after use of Advair, my voice has become quite hoarse within the last 2 weeks. I&#039;m thinking of switching back to Symbicort. I took Asmanex before taking Symbicort but it wasn&#039;t sufficient to control my asthma."
"I have taken Antivert for years.  For some reason I cannot get it either from Medco or local pharmacy.  It is an effective medication. Now I do not know what to do."
"Omg...I was so excited after I tried this the first day! I had forgotten what I looked like without red cheeks. But then after the second day I had a few bumps on my cheeks and the redness did not disappear like it did the day before. Tried it again and now my cheeks are VERY red &amp; hot.
This must not work on fair skin. I&#039;m disappointed in this product. I look worse now than I did before I tried it."
"Me and my mother were put on this medication at the same time and while she loved it and had almost no side effects, it caused everything from a constant upset stomach and nausea to insanely scary nightmares for me. It didn&#039;t help my depression or anxiety at all."
"Man, my vision started getting blurry AND my voice got hoarse while using this.  I teach, and need clear vision and a clear voice so I quit this stuff.  I hated it."
"Beware!  This works, but if you ever are without it- you&#039;ll not sleep.  Withdrawals are a little rough if you are trying to come off use another otc sleep aid while off.  My insurance quit coverage and I had to get thru without it .  Not easy."
"I have had to be patient for a while with this pill. I was prescribed at 14 for this medicine and sometimes I would still get anxiety attacks at around 15 it started to help including my weekly therapy appointments. Gabapentin used to sometimes make me jittery if I didn&#039;t eat before I took them. I also don&#039;t like going a day without them. They have helped now after 2 years of taking them and I&#039;m used to them but the beginning side effects really kicked in for me. I don&#039;t think I will be able to stop taking them either. I don&#039;t know but for now I will continue going to therapy and taking them."
"I love Wellbutrin.  I&#039;m currently on 300mg once a day.  I am dealing with postpartum depression still even though my baby is 9 months.  I tried Zoloft which made me sleep all the time. Now I have been on Wellbutrin for 1 month and its changed my life.  I look forward to starting the day now and have an increase in sexual desire.  No side effects so far."
"I started Fetzima at the request of my doctor as my mood was very dull and I was using Alcohol to help with anxiety. After 8 weeks at 40 mg I could not handle the excessive sweating that was so bad I was showering sometimes 4 times a day and washing my sheets almost daily. The worst part was the excessive pain after intercourse that would almost bring tears to my eyes from the pain. I have since been moved to another SSRI. "
"I have generalized anxiety disorder and Panic Disorder going on ten years now. I&#039;ve been on Zoloft the entire time. I had a bad relapse of symptoms this year while on Zoloft. I bumped it up to 200 mg and began taking Gabapentin 300mg/day. I&#039;ve been doing better, but I&#039;m still working on getting my confidence up after this recent relapse.  Last week I started having anxiety symptoms for a couple of days, so I bumped the Gabapentin to 600mg/day. My anxiety is now better so far. I&#039;ve noticed a side effect on this dose that I didn&#039;t get on the 300 mg... I&#039;ve had spells of depression the past few days. I think those will pass as my body becomes used to the new dose. Depression is listed as a possible side effect. I just hope this medicine doesn&#039;t poop out on me."
"I was prescribed Apri for my PCOS (polycystic overian syndrom) and have been taking it for 2 months now. Before taking it my periods were completely irregular. Never knew if they were going to be later or early if they were going to last 3 days, 7 days, 2 weeks, or a month. My cramps were horrible and could barely get out of bed. I am happy to say that Apri has helped with that. My cramps ( on a scale from 1-10 before Apri was about a 8-9) are not a 4 on the pain scale. I gave the Apri a 9 because for some reason ever since I started on Apri have been having a brown discharge during my menstrual cycles. If they continue I will contact my doctor to find out what is going on with that."
"I have not even been on this medication for a month and have gone from 2 1/2 packs a day to 3 - 4 cigarettes a day."
"My allergies are terrible, it doesn&#039;t matter the season. I have tried Claritin, Zyrtec, you name it I&#039;ve tried it for my allergies. I finally came sleep at night and wake up without an itchy throat. No more constant sneezing, coughing. I can finally go outside and enjoy the spring time. I have read other reviews of people being tired the next day and I haven&#039;t experienced that."
"I use lidoderm patch for upper back pain spasums. The patch works well for this type of pain. I also found that the patch works wonderful for sex. Very seldom can I stick around long (about 30 min) enough for my wife to climax. However, using the patch about 1 hour before sex dulls the sensitivity, which allows me time for her to reach the big &quot;0&quot;.  Happy wife happy life!"
"Completely stopped all panic and anxiety that antidepressants never helped nor any kind of benzo. After two months I was able to wean off of my antidepressants and happily zero anxiety or panic. I started in July after a bad try for a month of Concerta. Been on it since now month 7. Tried a few dosages but 80 is what works best for me. Since stopping the antidepressant end of August, I have lost 25 pounds!!! It helps control binge eating that I did out of frustration of my disorder.... I now make clearer healthier food choices and drink a ton of water. You must be careful with the caffeine intake and may possibly need something to help you settle in to sleep at night. I should but choose to only take one med currently."
"I&#039;ve been on Zanaflex for over a month now and all I can say is it really makes me sleep well. I take pain medicines for chronic low back pain and also take sleep medicines to make me sleep because the pain gets worse at night keeping me up. I wasn&#039;t happy when they gave me this instead of Soma, because I had great results with Soma. Now I can say I&#039;m glad I did go on this medicine. I take 2 about 45 minutes before I want to turn in for the night.  My spasms are relieved and I can sleep through most of the night and wake without any hangover effects. I&#039;m glad I have this now."
"I have been taking this for not only general anxiety but also for social anxiety, panic, and depression. My head must have needed this because I noticed a euphoric feeling after taking my first 10mg dose; within 15 minutes. Of course it won&#039;t get rid of the problems that plague you. But on a strictly how your head feels basis, for me this is a great medicine. I can relate to horror stories as I experienced those with Zoloft. Paxil makes me a little more comfortable in social settings and improves the quality of life in general. I&#039;m a guy and it does diminish libido but I have managed to accept that."
"Holy doodles, this is by far the most insane med I have ever been on. My anxiety has been getting hard to handle so my dr prescribed me This to see if it would help. I started it Monday morning and by today (thursday) I was so manic I thought I was losing my mind. It increased my anxiety tenfold, caused horrible insomnia, shakes...i basically thought Id flown the coup!!!  Be aware of changes after you start taking this!!!"
"I started Lutera in January. I felt very nauseous almost all the time in the first month. My breasts grew significantly. My acne has cleared up. I did notice that I am very emotional and moody ever since I started Lutera especially the day before my period. I&#039;m pretty consistent with when I take the pill. I usually take it around 10-11am but for the days I almost forget and take it at night, I feel really sick the next day."
"I have stopped smoking as of 8/11/2011 while taking Chantix.  Before that date, I smoked a pack a day for 37 years.  Honestly, I enjoyed smoking and would not have quit until I was diagnosed with the beginning stage of emphysema (COPD).  At first, everything was going fine while taking Chantix.  It helped to ease my cravings, although I still wanted to smoke at times. When the cravings would creep up, I would just take my pill and the craving would greatly decrease.  During the two months of taking this medicine, I noticed that while it eased my cravings, I began to experience bouts of depression. I mean severe depression.  "
"It works great! after only 3 days I am beginning to feel the effects.  Unlike what is said for side effects, my sex drive is way back up where it should be (17 year old guy here), probably because the decrease in anxiety.  I feel a little loopy from it, and maybe a little more anxious feeling while I&#039;m adjusting, but the constant OCD worry and panic from anxiety is gone, and I feel like I can function way better and I feel kinda normal in public places like stores again. 9/10 only because of one nasty side effect:  INSOMNIA I love staying up but once in a while I need my deep sleep."
"This is the only thing that seemed to help my horrible periods, as it got rid of them completely, but it made my depression so much worse that it&#039;s just not worth it for me. I&#039;m sad though, because other than that this worked so well for me. If you don&#039;t have problems with depression its worth a try."
"Before using this birth control my period was an absolute nightmare. Cramps so bad I wouldn&#039;t be able to go to work, severe bloating and back pain, and a nasty full 7 days of bleeding. The first month of using this birth control and there was a huge difference! All my period symptoms went away and I have a light period that usually starts the Tuesday or Wednesday after the white pills and ends by Friday or Saturday. Sounds cheesy but this pill seriously changed my life during my period."
"I got my Nexplanon implanted Dec. 28, 2016 and I got my Nexplanon taken out February 22, 2017. Within a day of getting it implanted I started having really bad side effects such as: depression, extreme anxiety, depth perception issues, nausea, food cravings and also felt nauseous towards foods I enjoyed, none stop bleeding, fever, migraines but the worst side effect of all were hives (looks identical to a rash). I got hives in the crease of my left arm which was the same arm the implant was implanted. I also got hives on my right arm and all over both of my legs. My doctors kept saying to give it time maybe my symptoms will get better but my hives just got worse to the point my skin started to get flaky where the irritation was. DO NOT GET!"
"My dr prescribed this as my pain from arthritis was constantly waking me up every night from day 1 it has enabled me to get a full nights sleep I will keep taking it as nothing else has worked it does not in any way interfere with daily work, a god send"
"Last year(2015) I was doing the 21 day fix and had gotten down to 155. I&#039;m 5&#039;4&quot; so 135-140ish is my goal weight. I&#039;m a full time student right now and with a child it&#039;s hard to cook super healthy meals all the time. Between spring and fall semester I had gained 25lbs. I was put on birth control for my PCOS in May. Since then I&#039;ve gained another 18lbs. I just started taking this medicine and its amazing!! The energy I have helps me get thru my workout and the rest of my day. I&#039;m an emotional/boredom eater and it&#039;s usually sweets so the fact that it curbs my cravings is awesome. I&#039;m excited to see how I will look at the end of 6mo and hopefully I get get myself back on track with eating healthy"
"I try to tell as many friends as possible about the wonders of Nuva ring! It changed my life. I&#039;ve been on it for almost 6 years now and the only side effect I&#039;ve ever had was bigger boobs! (When I go off it they shrink a bit) No pregnancies, I don&#039;t have to take it out during sex, and best of all, I don&#039;t have to remeber to take a pill! I rarely even get my period because I just leave it in for 4 wks and then put a new one in immediately (My doctor says this is perfectly fine- unless you&#039;re trying to concieve soon after you go off bc your cycle will take some time to go back to normal) Please do yourself a favor and try it!"
"I have generalized anxiety disorder and suffer from emetophobia. The anxiety causes stomach upset and the fear of throwing up increases the anxiety in a vicious cycle. My psychiatrist prescribed Zofran while I was trying out SSRI&#039;s to help me get through the first few weeks of side effects. I am now on Celexa with a lot less anxiety and only take Zofran as needed! It works great it just makes me feel sleepy. Haven&#039;t run into any constipation yet."
"I have had insomnia for almost 30 years, since puberty.  Having a child made it worse.  Diagnosed with Hypomania, which explained why I woke up and started having racing thoughts once the sun went down.  Tried every sleeping pill there, in combination at times.  This is the only thing that worked.  I am doing 50mg with 4mg clonazepam 2 hours before bed.  I take it on an empty stomach as I have learned within an hour of taking it you will get HUNGRY.  So I simply eat my dinner late.  Have not gained weight yet."
"I have horrible periods. Horrible meaning changing a super plus tampon every one to two hours with clots 7-10 days long. This includes during the night as well. Messing up clothes and sheets on my bed. My doctor recommended Lysteda before an endometrial ablation. Two pills three times a day for five days. Started on my third day. My first week, what a joke. Reduced my period maybe 30-40? If that. Gave me headaches and caused dizziness. Thanks for nothing. Ill be having a biopsy to have an ablation instead."
"i was drinking heavily for a few months and had to go to detox 6 weeks ago.  i thought i&#039;d be okay to drink about five days ago--started one day with four drinks, escalated to 12 drinks yesterday.  i&#039;m taking neurontin (600 mg 4x/day) right now because i&#039;m scared of withdrawal.  i expected i would be having symptoms today and would have to do an at-home 3-4 day taper.  instead i have had two drinks today, that plus the neurontin and .5 mg of klonopin with barely noticeable symptoms.  i hope to have less than five drinks today, maximum of two tomorrow and then stop for good after.  highly recommend this!"
"So i had unprotected sex on May 24 and the condom broke so i was freaked out because the next day was memorial day and the pharmacy was closed so i had to wait. I was fertile. And so i waited another day to take the pill i took it probably 34 ish hours after the accident and i got sick to my stomach (which is a side effect) and really tired. Its been about two weeks since i took it and i was suppise to recieve my period yesterday (June 8) but never came and so i just didnt think anything of it and i got terrible cramps and back pain. Agai. I just thought it was a sign or my period but i told my mom and she got me a test i took two both positive so the pill didn&#039; t wrk for me but i think i took it to late because i was fertile."
"My experience with the depo shot was great! I love it! I&#039;ve been on it for 2 years now and I am currently still receiving the shot. Honestly, I&#039;ve experienced no type of bad side effects from the depo shot. I didn&#039;t gain any weight, didn&#039;t become depressed, or have mood swings, it didn&#039;t lower my sex drive, or cause me any discomfort with my periods, etc. I literally haven&#039;t, and still don&#039;t experience anything bad with the depo shot til this day! I love the depo shot because it&#039;s something you don&#039;t have to worry about taking everyday. It&#039;s quick, easy and comfortable. And works amazing at preventing pregnancy! I 100% definitely recommend anyone to give the depo shot a try!"
"I just took the first dose of this kit about 5 hours ago. I&#039;m happy I read many reviews because some of the tips I feel definitely helped a lot. I read to start a liquid diet at least 3 days beforehand. I had been on clear liquids the week before, but started having a hard boiled egg in the morning, some egg salad or soup at night. So while I haven&#039;t done a liquid diet exactly, it&#039;s been soft foods and very little of it. I also read to slice a lemon and bite down on it after drinking the Suprep. The taste of the Suprep is awful because it tastes like salty cherry drink. For me, I gagged but it was more just the weirdness of it but I can&#039;t stress enough the lemon helped."
"I have been on this for a week.  Day 1. Blurred vision and feeling like I&#039;m in the matrix zoned out after 2 hours and severe nausea. I wanted to quit. But it calmed me and I felt unbothered by things what would normally make me cry. I take it at night and wake up with SEVERE anxiety as I had before taking it but I can feel my body trying to compress it. I pray and hope it gives me the happy energetic feeling I need. Right now it&#039;s keeping me calm but I still can&#039;t get out of the bed"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for over 6 months and it has been a good fit for me. At first I had a little trouble sleeping but other than this it has been easy. I am taking the SR type so I have to take it 2x per day which can be a pain. I have not had a depressive episode since starting on Wellbutrin."
"I took Loestrin 24 FE for five years and loved it! I had no weight gain, hardly any acne or mood swings, and absolutely no cramping. I started taking birth control because I was missing school due to cramps, so this was a significant benefit for me. The two problems are that I frequently missed periods, and that it was extremely expensive due to the absence of a generic. "
"I had severe anxiety, agoraphobia. I am on Xanax for about 3-4 month started with 0.25mg morning and 0.25mg at night and now on 0.50mg two times a day and feel great. No panic and my life is much easy. The world is more familiar and I can go anywhere. It&#039;s like I have wings now. I will try to leave the medication in future but for now I accept my situation because I like the feeling of living.

As an anxious I was afraid of death same as I was afraid of life. Now, I LIVE."
"I&#039;ve been on this patch for about 2 years now and I really love it. When I fist started BC I was on pill form. I had pretty bad side effects from the pill; headaches, bad cramps on my period, my period was never consistent and I was always spotting between periods. I was also horrible at remembering to take it. 
I switched to the patch after enduring about 5 months of the pill. The change for me was incredible. With the patch I have had no side effects. My periods have been 100% consistent and never had spotting between. It&#039;s so easy to remember changing once a week. The only negative thing for me was the first 4-5 months of use I had some irritated skin around the patch area. That has since resolved. I personally love this patch!"
"It is wonderful. I only wish I knew about it sooner."
"I have been on zyban just over 2 months. During the first month I smoked between 1 and 5 a day (I used to smoke 15 cigarettes a day). Now I don&#039;t smoke any. The most significant side effect that has caused me stress is HAIR LOSS. I am a woman and it is giving me a receding hair line and thinning at the hair line, plus I&#039;m losing hair all over my head. To the point where I may need to stop taking this drug. I like the mood lift zyban gives me. It also gives me more energy and more focus to get things done.  I&#039;ve had an increase in sweating, some loss of appetite, I&#039;ve lost a little weight (I don&#039;t consider this a bad thing). I&#039;m worried when the 3 months are up that a withdrawl may send me into a depression."
"1to 3 packs a day for past 5 years. On the third day talking zyban I took 3 drags and throw away cigarette. That was my last one. I can&#039;t look at cigarettes. Last pack is still on my countertop. Zyban is the best"
"Worst experience. My daughter was just 10 months old. I took first shot on January 9 and was supposed to take another one in March. 
As soon as I took the shot my periods became irregular. I went to my GP she said it&#039;s very common and it will continue and will stop after few days. I had periods for more than 30 days. I started to react very weird in those days.  A few days later I felt some changes in my taste and then my husband asked me to do preg. Check. I was shocked to see the results. I never wanted to have a baby so soon.  I was depressed and used to cry a lot. It was the worst time of my life.I Finally decided to continue with the pregnancy. My daughter is now 3 yrs and my son 1.5 yrs old. I won&#039;t recommend at all. I don&#039;t want anyone else to suffer"
"My doctor prescribed Sprintec to me because of cramps (like the type that make you throw up, wake you up in the middle of night, etc...). In terms of keeping my period away, Sprintec worked great! When I first started taking it, I kind of lost my appetite, and my acne disappeared.
However! Before I started taking birth control, I had no mental health problems, the only time I felt sad was due to a bad grade or drama with friends. These days, I have severe depression, and have felt suicidal! If you have ANY sort of depression, no matter how severe, or if mental illness runs in your family, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!!!! It will only make your life miserable."
"Immediately reduces pain to bearable level, and completely eliminates it in 2-3 days."
"I was an addict, I&#039;ve been on methadone for 12 years and am slowly coming down, my Dr. Gives me clonidine for my sweating the trouble is if I take them all before my next refill I have to suffer through some serious withdrawals, clonidine is good for sweating but is damm hard on you if you stop cold turkey, it&#039;s not the &quot;God send&quot; like people say (at least not for me) but it does help, I am not going to refill my script though because I don&#039;t want to go through this again. (I&#039;ve already got the methadone to worry about I don&#039;t need to detox from this crap too, I&#039;ll deal with the sweats without clonidine.... So be careful with this stuff. (I take 3-4 .2&#039;s a day- the Orange ones)"
"I took this for six months, I felt great, then my doctor took me off it because he said I shouldn&#039;t take it for too long, this was 4 years ago, now for the past year my anxiety is horrible. I wish he hasn&#039;t taken me off out and now I&#039;m going to talk to my new doctor about it."
"Been on Avodart for 3 months now. 0.5mg a day. Don&#039;t have to urinate as often. Have regrown almost a full head of hair. Libido and ejaculation are still in working order. Although I take an aromatose inhibitor to help combat having low DHT and high estrogen. For those who have libido issues this may be the culprit as DHT is known to help regulate estrogen in men. Having little DHT will result in an increase of estrogen and low sex drive."
"My husband asked for something to help with poopin  (he never needs help as he is very regular.  I gave him what I take Dulcolax little 5mg gold pills 2 pills at 11:30 pm His 1s
after the first poop this am and after breakfast he got nauseas
it has continued all day with finally taking pepto bismal to help cramps (which will turn your stool watery or not very dark to black
We thought he had food poisoning as I have taken dulcolax for years with no problem
Then I searched and to my surprise this Dr recommended laxative has made his Memorial Day weekend suck..2 colonoscopy no problem
He had the shivers, shakes, projectile vomiting after drinking water and terrible stomach cramps first time ever I have seen this Big man spend most of day in be"
"I&#039;ve been on the depo shot for about 5 months, the first 2 months were great; I didn&#039;t get my period and I felt normal. Ever since the 3rd month I have had spotting that comes and goes; sometimes it lasts for days and other times it is just a &#039;discharge&#039; that happens throughout the day that I can usually predict because of the cramping it comes with. I like the easiness of the shot, but the side effects are annoying and not worth the trouble. Especially after reading other reviews, I think I&#039;ll go back on regular birth control."
"Diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis in 1997. Failed Enbrel and Humira with hives, itching. Tried Orencia but their patient program and delivering meds was a huge disappointment (IV med only available at the time). MTX caused my liver enzymes to go nuts. Started Rituxan in 2009. My results were atypical. Rituxan is my liquid gold with a platinum price tag! A few weeks after my 2nd infusion, I felt incredible. I started running and biking. I lost 83 lbs in 4 months. I went from 235lbs of prednisone, sedentary and having 3 kids increased weight to a healthy 152lbs. I wasnt fatigued. For the first time in 19 years I was in remission while not pregnant. Not for everybody, but great for me."
"I had the skyla inserted 02/03/2016  I have 2 kids I still felt some pain and some spotting it&#039;s pretty comfortable but keep in mind everybody&#039;s body is different just go based on your own experience"
"Solodyn worked great for me! I got really sick on Doxycycline, so my dermatologist switched me to this. It cleared up my body &amp; face acne (I was/am also taking Veltin as a topical). I understand it can be very expensive for some people, but my insurance covered it with a $20 copay. I was on Solodyn for 6 months and just stopped taking it on advice of my derm about 2 weeks ago. So far so good! I would recommend it. I didn&#039;t have any side effects on it like I had on the Doxy."
"Very few side effects.  A little fatigue now and then, but you get that with Fibromyalgia anyway.  It has greatly improved my quality of life and attitude towards life in general.  I&#039;m a much happier person having limited pain now."
"I have a history of headaches so extremethat I had to go to the hospital and get shots. When I started using etodolac it resolved my headache issues without narcotics and I have been using it for years now. Etodolac doesn&#039;t fit under headache relief but in my case it works wonders and I would never be without it. Try it the next time you have a big headache."
"I&#039;ve been onit for about a week and I&#039;m feeling g much better I have been o. Every med there is and so far this is working"
"Hey, my 6-year old was on this medication for about 7 weeks when he began to hallucinate (2mg). So we had switched to something else which actually made him worse then he was with out any meds. So we put him back on intiniv and started back at 1mg... This was about 2 weeks ago... And he has been doing fantastic!"
"I wanted to share my review with trinessa. I came here to read some reviews about 5 months ago or so I was scared to try this birth control my insurance made me switch from OrthoTriCyclenLo (after over 5 years). First month I immediately started breaking out like crazy and it only worsened as the time went by. By the third month I did not want to go out and show my face it was awful. But I did not want to give up on this birth control it should be almost indentical to ortho right so why wouldnt it work for me. I almost gave up on it until the fourth month my skin started to clear up. The redness is now completely gone my skin is soft glowing I am going into my 5th month now my skin feels amazing. I would suggest to give it some time."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for approximately 5 years, if not longer. My skin rarely broke out, I never got pregnant or even a pregancy scare, &amp; didn&#039;t notice any weight gain either.  However, I frequently spotted between periods. It wasn&#039;t specific to pre-mensturation or post-menstruation (which can indicate what horomone you could be lacking or needing a change in). The spotting put a huge damper on my sex drive/life (not enjoyable at all). I also noticed that  occassionally if I didn&#039;t take the pill right at my usual time everyday I would get irritated a little easier, cry easier, be grumpy &amp; even be sick to my stomach.  I also got cramps before my period &amp; salty/sweet cravings. Overall it was easy &amp; worked."
"So far I have only taken this for 3 days, it gives a foul taste in the mouth ( that comes through the body system and definitely not just from the tablet in the mouth) the horrible taste is there most of the time but worse for the few hours after you take the tablet, it did wake me up last night but I went back to sleep. I don&#039;t want to take them again.  I want to have a natural alternative next time, it does feel like a toxic drug, very unpleasant but sorry for those with the other dreadful side effects."
"Started almost a month ago, I just got over my period when I recieved the injection, I started my menses about week and half after injection, they said this is normal, overall pain is a tad worse, the drs also said that would happen, I&#039;m not giving a full rating on it yet, I haven&#039;t been on it long enough, they are trying to shrink a 3 inch abdominal wall endometriosis, I will have to stay on the drug for a year, also been prescribed norethindrone, haven&#039;t really had the side effects listed with this drug, not sure I will later on or not."
"Well, it only took 33 years for me (and a good doctor), to figure out what was wrong with me. I have had unexplained tachycardia (did EKGs and no problems, although never during an episode) since about age 8-9, I&#039;ve had episodes of fainting, syncope, almost fainting, fatigue, being hyper and crashing. ADD symptoms, depression, mania. I have been treated for Depression and Mania, 3 years ago, and came oh so close to a solution, but the wrong meds made it even worse. Took 2 years to recover. Until, I got a new doctor, who treated my ADD and after two failed attempts to tolerate Adderall and Ritalin, prescribed Straterra, in the first 40 minutes I tool 25mg, my ADD symptoms subsided, and ALL other symptoms have resolved."
"I feel obligated to share my experience with Lexapro.  Before seeking psychiatric treatment, I&#039;d spend hours on this website (a well as others) reading reviews of Lexapro and similar SSRIs.  I suffer from GAD and Lexapro has helped tremendously.  The only downside was the side effects at first (unable to achieve orgasm, crazy dreams, extreme gas), but those have subsided.  My partner notices a complete turnaround in my stability.  I am very thankful for Lexapro.  I am so glad that I made it trough the first few weeks with the side effects.  This drug changed my life."
"I have started taking Lovan. It has changed my life. I cannot believe it.  I wish I had gone on this medication years ago. I have had severe impairing depression my whole life from the earliest age. I cannot believe the difference. I am myself but I am positive, I no longer wake up in the night worrying, I don&#039;t have that constant sadness that I could never shake. I feel happy. I feel sane. I actually feel energized sometimes to exercise but I had to take it at night not morning or I was too tired in the day. I switched to night and my life has turned around. 
The first month was hard with side effects but then taking it at night has changed my life.  I absolutely love this medicine and I was a natural medicine freak. Why oh why."
"Definitely relaxed my back muscles. The only odd side effect is a very, very, very strong hangover. I couldn&#039;t focus my eyes on one thing for more than a second. Caused me to sleep about 18 hours at a time."
"I was prescribed different medications for issues I was experiencing after my Traumatic Brain Injury and then a murder/suicide involving my father and brother. I don&#039;t remember all the different medications I had tried, but I did test Lamotrigine 150 mg 2x- 50 mg 2x. This medication helped much more than anti-depressants alone, however it caused me to have anxiety and depression worse. It&#039;s somewhat of a catch 22. Now I just changed my bipolar medication to Seroquel and am doing so much better."
"I have had Liletta for a little over a month. The insertion was very painful, and I have a high tolerance for pain. I didn&#039;t know how I was going to drive home but I did somehow. I had planned to try to go back to work that day - HA! I was bed ridden the next couple of days with horrible cramps. Note I have been on a hormonal BC pill since I was 18 and am now 26. The cramps became manageable after about a week but I still had to take ibuprofen every day. Now I am spotting every day which is really annoying. I&#039;m looking forward to the time when I will be cramps and spotting-free and enjoy it for a few years, and then I will probably go back on the pill."
"I have been taking this pill for about three weeks now and even though I&#039;m not trying it out for birth control my aunt put me on it, but its better to be safe then sorry. However, my acne (I didn&#039;t really have much before) but the little I did have is gone, my face kind of has a glow to it. I&#039;d say this is a pretty good pill."
"After 1 month on Brintellix I can&#039;t wait to get off! I have had constant nausea, mood swings, random itching, and uncontrollable crying that seems to come from nowhere. I did not experience any of these problems on Effexor although it did give me migraines at higher doses."
"I have noticed that I have a difficult time sleeping but the worst thing is the yeast infection.  My doctor said this almost always happens on this med with women that have a tendency to get one so you must decide if it is a necessary evil.  I hate antibiotics as a whole, but feel a bit better after only one dose.  I have been taking it at night because I was afraid of the dizziness and other side effects during the day."
"If I could give this -a trillion for a rating I would. I took this at 12 hoping to cure my YI and really wanting the regular irritation to go away. Around 1 o&#039;clock It hit me like a someone lit a match in my vagina. The burning and itching is indescribable. I had to have someone pick me up and was trembling and crying. THIS BOX NEEDS TO HAVE A LABEL ON IT EXPLAINING THIS REACTION!! And there&#039;s basically nothing you can do but wait it out. After 3 hours I started feeling better but it still burns SO MUCH. I bought AZO yeast infection oral capsules to take orally to help relieve the pain so hopefully it helps. I wish I saw these reviews BEFORE taking it. It IS NOT WORTH IT. Unbearable pain and discomfort."
"My initial weigh in was 175.0lbs and I am 5&#039; 7&quot;.  I have been on oral steroids for a herniated disc for almost a year.  Then new scans revealed two herniated disc, arthritis, and degenerative disc disease that now I am having steroid injections.   Well with all of these steroids I have put on a hefty 35lbs.  I was prescribed Phentermine 37.5mg for three months on 4/20/15.  I began taking them on 4/21/15 and with a combination of no appetite,  watching what I do eat, exercising...  I have lost 5.5lbs in five days!  I can&#039;t wait to get my old self back!  Hope everyone is doing just as well!"
"Ativan is a great medication..It doesn&#039;t have any side effects..It really works!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 6 months now. My doctor prescribed this for me initially for my acne and to regulate my period. The first week gave me really terrible nausea, so it was difficult to eat during the first few days. I stuck with it and its been perfectly fine. My acne cleared up, I lost a couple pounds, my sex drive has increased, my cycle has been very regular and no more nausea."
"Finished my first dose about an hour and a half ago.  The worst part of this whole experience, which was my first, was the anxiety of not knowing what to expect, not being able to eat any solid foods all day, and finally, the actual taste of the product.   I sucked on lime slices after each sip to kill the nasty taste.  I was able to down the mixture in a couple of minutes and it only took 15-20 minutes for the flood gates to open.  My suggestion is to stay on the throne while the medication is working.  The flushing comes without warning and goes in waves every 2-5 minutes or so.  The process was finished in about an hour.  I sipped on the additional 32oz of bubbly water for the next hour.   All in all not nearly as bad as I expected!"
"I am 72 and have used Soma 3 times a day for 3  years.  My pain specialist is reluctant to prescribe but understands that I have tried everything else for chronic intractable muscle spasm related to scoliosis, degenerative disc disease and fibromyalgia. This has worked for me since I was 30 years old dealing with my first herniated disc. I have recently had a spinal nerve stimulator implant and although I seldom have the pain from the pressure on the sciatic nerve I do have considerable pain from muscle spasm. It is the ONLY relaxant that has ever worked for me."
"Tried Cymbalta and numerous other anti-depressants.  I started Fetzima a  sample from my dr. I had started at 80 mg, than I eventually had to be pushed up to 120, mg. This medication is awesome. I do not have any of the side effects talked about above. As a major manic depressed person, this medication has helped so much. I wake up every morning, take my medication and within about an hour or so, I feel so much better. My crying and sorrow has subsided ALOT!!! My depression will always be there with me, but this medication helps alot. I have tried so many different meds. as samples
 Thank-god for this medication. Works great!"
"I have been using the 5% minoxodil for 4 months now, and I have all kinds of new little hairs. A lot of them are coming in very dark. The top of my scalp is already much fuller."
"Everything affects everyone differently. With that said I have had the nexplanon for just over a year and I&#039;m not loving it. I had the Mirena for 5 years. No issues and period was very light. 5 years is the max then you need a new one. My doctor who inserted the first one couldn&#039;t get the replacement in.  So moved to plan B. My doctor mentioned nexplanon because I didn&#039;t like pills or nuvaring. Insertion was easy and pretty painless. They use a local anesthetic.  My doctor thought I would react in a similar manner to the mirena but that hasn&#039;t been the case. My skin is oilier, it breaks out, and my period is much heavier. Not to mention I gained 10 lbs. Probably will get it removed once I decide on another option."
"Just an FYI.  Not all anxiety medications work for everyone.  This one works amazingly for me but works horribly for a good friend of mine.   She took a test to determine what medication was best for her and was able to find the best match.  If you are on a medication that isn&#039;t working don&#039;t give up hope, ask to do the test and try something until you find one that works for you.  If your doctor isn&#039;t accommodating look for another one.  Cheers."
"taste terriable. made my stomach hurt and did nothing for headache"
"Can&#039;t recommend more highly.  Unless my anxiety is particularly high, this medication helps assure a wonderful night&#039;s sleep.  I&#039;m on 200 mg nightly, along with Ultracet."
"This stuff works! I didn&#039;t have to worry about being pulled over by cops with pills on me anymore. It got me out of bed to go do what it was I needed to do to get clean, even eventually get off Suboxone. "
"For instant light sedation Valium is the number one choice. It is fast acting even in small dosages like 10mg but for full effect 20mg is preferred. Though it can lead to unwanted dependency after a few weeks so beware."
"Medicine is working excellent, however, the side effects are intense. Severe diarrhea, horrible headache within an hour of each dose that gets worse when I stand. I&#039;m only on day 3 of a 10 day cycle."
"I am 27 and have been dealing with manic depression for most of my life.I take Lamictal 250mg, and Wellbutrin 300mg. I was very recently put on Zyprexa for the first time after a suicide attempt and hospitalization. I was VERY reluctant to try it because I&#039;ve read all the side effects. I tried it (2.5mg). I have to admit it changed my life after ONE (low) dose! It was like I went to bed hanging on by a thread and woke up with all my strings attached. I saw quick results. No waiting for a month to see if it will work. Since I have only been taking this medicine for a week, I haven&#039;t had any side effects yet. So far, it has really, really been a miracle. Mood stability has always been a really huge issue for me and this has taken care of it."
"Hello everyone,

I&#039;ve been on Celexa for almost 5 months now.  On my 5th month, my doc bumped me up to 60mg.   I initially started taking Celexa for depression.   At first it seemed like I had a ton of energy, and I felt better than ever.  After the first month, I was not feeling better anymore.  Although my dosage has increased, I still don&#039;t feel a sense of relief.  I do however have no anxiety.  I don&#039;t dwell on mistakes I make like I used to.  I actually feel very relaxed.  So relaxed to where, I&#039;m very lazy.  I think I&#039;ve gained at least 7 lbs on Celexa, probably mainly due to my sedentary lifestyle.   I really don&#039;t have much energy to do anything.   I can function and go to work and all, I just feel blah."
"Doesn&#039;t work. Pseudoephedrine works the best for me"
"I have multiple rheumatic conditions, fibromyalgia, etc. Because of sleepiness being one of the common side effects of many of my medications and the fact that with fibro sleep is messed up, I first took it in 2006 and the only time I&#039;ve been off of it in that time was the 11 months in 2009 while I was hospitalized. It would have been pointless to take at that time due to what was going on. But, since restarting it, my alertness has been much better. I have no side effects that I notice. When I first took it, I did not think of the warning given by the NP at my pain doctor&#039;s office. She said take a quarter or half of the dose. That&#039;s the only time I&#039;ve had bad side effects. Now I have none. I&#039;ve been at 100mg/day for a year or so."
"I was given this initially for arthritis in my hands, though now I use it for muscle pain attributed to cervical, thoracic and, oh heck, spinal problems. I am careful about how much I use, keep it all within perimeters.
This, so far, is keeping me from having to go in 2-3 times a year for spinal shots. Also provides relief to my hands and now my wrist."
"I&#039;ve only been on it for a couple months but it seems to have kicked in. I distinctly remember the moment I felt it; it was a sort of euphoria that felt like a weight had been lifted off my shoulders. After that, it definitely died down. It has helped with anxiety and agitation, but I don&#039;t feel like it has been doing anything in the way of depression. It&#039;s also flattened me out quite a bit in lieu of helping me feel more balanced. I&#039;m going to wait a little longer and then probably try something else."
"If I could give this a ZERO trust me I would. This has literally RUINED my life. Aside from no period everything about this is awful.
I have headaches EVERYday, no sex drive and terrible terrible thoughts that will go through my mind. It has made me very depressed and easily angry to the point where I cannot control myself nor my actions. It has put my family in danger of ending because the way I act on this birth control is not who I am at all. I get it removed in two weeks and I couldn&#039;t be happier to be back to my normal self. Do NOT recommend this to anyone"
"I smoked for 14 years, tried quitting several times but always went back to cigarettes.  At first, I was skeptical about taking champix, the side affects alone are enough to scare anyone off.  I researched and researched, read all the positive and negative reviews and thought to myself, the positives definitely out weigh the negatives, I mean anything is better than smoking.  I took champix for 60 days and quit about two weeks.  I had minor side affects, such as: nausea, sleep disorder and felt spaced out most of the time, all well worth the final outcome...smoke free.  I am now smoke free for three months and I couldn&#039;t be happier.  For those of you thinking to try to it, I would definitely recommend the medication. Stay Strong!"
"I have been taking Intellence for well over 6 years now.  I have not noticed any side effects over that time span.  However, recently (within the last 5 months) I have found it increasingly difficult to swallow the tablets.  I believe the problem stems not so much from the size of the tablet (THE LARGEST OF THE 5 PROTEASE INHIBITORS I TAKE), but more so from its rapid breakdown when it comes in contact with water.  When ever I take the pill it now tends to stick/get caught somewhere in my throat; as if it is touched the wall of my throat and wants to adhere to it (thereby stimulating my gag reflex).  MAYBE IF THE MANUFACTURER WOULD PUT SOME EXTERNAL COATING ON THE PILL THIS PROBLEM WOULD BE ALLEVIATED."
"OxyContin is by far the best pain reliever that I have ever used without making me drowsy. It is most effective if prescribed at the proper strength for your condition. Take only as prescribed."
"Worried after reading reviews but test positive for h pylori and have stomach issues all summer. I&#039;m taking it am and pm but a probiotic with lunch and some yogurt. I&#039;m also using probiotic at night vaginally to combat the yeast. 
I will update after day 7."
"Zyban did it for me.  Tried Chantix for a year and patches, too."
"I was suffering symptoms of BV for more than 6 months. It was making me so self conscious, I started avoiding sex and constantly has to wear panty liners because of the discharge. I finally went to the GP about it two days ago and he prescribed me Metronidazole. So far the discharge seems to have stopped and it&#039;s the first day in what feel like forever I have been able to not wear a pantyliner, odour seems to have gone already as well. It&#039;s not until this has started to clear up that I have realised how much its was dragging me down!"
"Restoril really works well. If you take it, be in bed within 20 minutes. Don&#039;t try to walk because you will probably fall."
"I was prescribed this for a tooth infection by day 2 I had to go the the hospital as the infection spread to my bones in my face. They gave me an IV dose in the emergency room and then had to go back for another at 11pm then again at 830am the next day. They hooked me up to an IV pump so I could have my 3 doses a day at home. Day 2 of IV and I have fever chills all of my joints ache and have major kidney pain. And the heartburn omg its so bad. Didn&#039;t think I would get the heartburn with an IV.  I have to say I&#039;m not a fan of this medication. Only a few more days left of this hell I hope.  Still haven&#039;t eaten anything more than peanut butter since my mouth and face hurts so much.  Not a drug I would recommend"
"Sometimes i feel like a metallic flavor , I feel dizy and sleepy , but it&#039;s very helpful controlling my hypomaniac disorder 
Not too good controlling depression as well"
"I have suffered from incredibly awful menstrual migraines while on the &quot;inactive&quot; break pills with every brand of birth control, for years. The low dose estrogen break pills with seasonique have saved my life! Zero headaches and lighter periods. I can&#039;t believe I suffered all these years. 10/10 recommend!"
"This stuff is amazing and has been a godsend for my anxiety and panic. Don&#039;t pass this one and give it try it&#039;s great."
"This birth control sucks. And I mean suckas. If you already have mood swings, anxiety and or a history of depression please search for other options because this thing will intensify what you have like no other. I&#039;ve never been on bc prior to this and I did mention to the dr if it&#039;ll make your mood swings worse and she assured me it wouldn&#039;t. Complete opposite. I feel like I already struggled with some depression and mood swings but being on this just takes it to a whole other level. The suicidal thoughts come when I&#039;m most anxious it just flat out sucks man. And worse part is that I never asked to be on this bull, I only need it so I can have a normal period and this is what I get? Life is hard enough as is. Just stay away from it."
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy several years ago, but probably suffered from it for 12 years or so. I never stayed awake in classes. Once I started full time work, I had to get it under control. I used Provigil for a while first, but it was harsh: came on strong, I felt buggy, severe migraines, and I crashed hard after about 8 hours. I switched to Nuvigil (150mg) though it&#039;s more dollars was told it had a slower release which may help with the migraines and bugginess. I like the Nuvigil a lot better. It comes on a little more gently, I crash less at the end of the day. I do self-moderate, often don&#039;t take it on the weekends, I&#039;ll only take a half pill some days. "
"Tramadol is not a very good pain medication nor is Ultram.  These two drugs did not work at all.


Stick to  Tylenol or Advil."
"I am on my 3rd pack and I would rather have a period once a month then dealing with everything else. The first pack was great no side effects and no period. Once I got to the second pack I have had horrible mood swings and I just will start crying for no reason. My lower back and my stomach cramp up I get bad headaches and I am tired all the time."
"This is my first birth control ever and I really love it, I used to have a horrible period and break out very very bad. I have cleared and my period is much lighter and shorter. It seems like for this to be a persons first birth control it works fine."
"I&#039;m 17, I had protected sexual intercourse the condom ripped and that&#039;s when I decided to take Plan B. I did not think that this pill would work, its my first time trying something like this but the pill actually worked for me. Today I&#039;m relieved that I got my period. Thanks to Plan B I don&#039;t have to worry anymore."
"I would absolutely recommend seasonique! I have been on this pill for close to 5 years if not longer and I have had no bad experiences other than a little weight gain (about 10lbs) but that is to be expected. I take my pill at the same time every day and have never had any spotting at all. My periods are less than 5 days and sometimes last only 2-3 days and I have little to no cramps!"
"took plan b 17 hours after an accident... still don&#039;t know results because I haven&#039;t gotten/am not due for my period. the side effects were pretty bad (stomach/back cramps, fatigue, nauseous) and is pretty pricey (50$) I got a 10$ off coupon online, still came out to 45$... I&#039;m 16 so this sucked to have to buy and take"
"Two years smoke free, quit in three days. Disappointed I didn&#039;t get the crazy dreams, no side effect!"
"I was given this medicine for the 2nd time yesterday. I have had it before no issues but this time not the case. I took my first dose at night and this morning my feet and hands are burning and itchy. I keep rubbing the bottom of my feet under my desk to see if it will stop. I am dizzy, headache and my pain is actually worse. I get UTIs all the time and usually use other meds but the CVS Minute clinic gives this one for some reason. I will NOT be taking anymore and will be going back to get a different medicine."
"This medicine has given me my life back. I no longer have to stay by a toilet due to extremely heavy periods that left me anemic. I no longer have pain during intercourse due to large fibroids and extremely painful periods. I was put on this medication to shrink fibroids for safer hysterectomy or until menopause kicked in. I am 49 and I have had no side effects since starting this medication."
"I love Implanon! I never have to worry with it and it&#039;s so worth the procedure. If anyone is considering this I would tell you don&#039;t even worry about getting it inserted, so painless. The only things I wish was better on this was the timing and knowing 100% about the period part. Sometimes I get mine, sometimes I don&#039;t and you never know for how many days. But I say hey, it&#039;s so worth it for everything else it does for me. Can&#039;t be perfect, and it does enough! Recommended!"
"My boyfriend and I had sex on 2/6 around 5pm and the condom broke. I was scared that he didn&#039;t pull out fully and accidentally finished inside me. The last time I got my period was on 1/22. I wanted to purchase Plan B but I didn&#039;t get the pill until the next day around 12 pm. 5 days after taking the pill I was bleeding for about 4 days (super light). I was waiting and waiting for my period to come but nothing was happening. I was getting impatient and really nervous that I was actually pregnant so I went and bought a pregnancy test and it came out negative. I finally got my period today on 3/13 around 5 pm, I could not be happier. The pill works ladies so relax."
"I developed acne at about 11 years old.  It wasnt bad, but it got worse.  At about 12-13 years old, it hit hard and got really bad.  I tried everything you could possibly think of.  You say it, I&#039;ve tried it.  But nothing at all worked.  I tried things as little as home remedies to expensive dermatologist cleansers that cost over $100 a bottle.  Still, nothing worked.  For a while I nearly gave up hope, I was so insecure about my skin I wouldn&#039;t even dare to leave the house, let alone my room, without makeup on.  I found makeup was like my security blanket in a way.  I discovered Accutane and let me tell you, it is THE best thing I have ever tried. My acne is gone and 
I&#039;m 15 now. I couldn&#039;t be more happier.  I believe Accutane is a cure."
"I had been taken taking 10mg for 4 months before I realised it wasn&#039;t working cause things were still getting me down I told the physiologists and they both agreed and took it to 20 mg I found out the 20 mg were better cause I would double my 10mg when I missed one and I&#039;d end up with a dopey look on my face. But the 20mgs at first didn&#039;t feel like they were working but the side effects said other wise until my partner discovered taken them early so no side effects and less irratibility during the day and less irrational thoughts etc. Its been ok for me still hit rock bottom every blue moon e.g like y should I take these everyone else needs them not me , bla bla bla but I am still combating demons as well as understanding help ."
"I&#039;ve been on adipex since december 2015. My starting weight was 268 and today I am down to 232. I highly recommend adipex! I was a size 18 and now a size 16 and my journey is not over. My goal weight is 200."
"I got my Mirena a week ago and so far it&#039;s been good. The insertion hurt but it took like five to ten minutes.The first two days I felt a little bloated and heavy in the tummy. But from the third day on I never felt a thing again.I was running five miles these days and tummy feels well. The only thing is that I have been spotting lightly since insertion. But I know that it&#039;s a common side effect and I just have to be patient.
I think a lot of dissatisfaction stems from the insecurity of not being able to have sex with the constant spotting and your partner potentially losing interest. I felt that way at first anyways, but my boyfriend told me he still loves me and told me to stock up on pads and be patient. I felt loved and relieved."
"Been on sotalol for 8 months now- had 2 relapses of AF. Had pacemaker implanted to stop bradycardia - on low dose of 80mg per day. Tried several beta blockers all caused low BP and heart rate. Sotalol does not affect BP. Side effects come and go - main ones ear noises - weight gain ( 6kg) - visual disturbance and suppression of heart rate when exercising."
"I had chronic pain in my abdomen for whatever reason is still not diagnosed, but I can sleep well again without the pain. It still comes and goes but is no where near as bad as it was. I have had weight gain and some thirsty days, but I would rather deal with side effects than the chronic pain."
"This is so much better than taking pills all day everyday! The best advise I have for people that have problems keeping the patch on is this: I buy the large waterproof bandaids and I buy the generic patches (not the kind with the gel). As soon as you put on a new patch, put the waterproof bandaid over it. Dont wait until it is falling off to put the bandaid on. The Nexcare brand or the generic CVS waterproof bandaids are the best. I haven&#039;t lost a patch early since I have been putting the bandaids over them. The best part is that I get 10 patches a month and the bandaids come 10 to a box. It&#039;s perfect! This works great in the summer time too. I live in South Louisiana so trust me, I know what I am talking about."
"I have taken Clonazapam for about 5 years on an as-needed basis.  It seems my RLS flares when I am sitting doing more desk work, and these are the nights that are my worst.  Sometimes I wake my spouse with the terrible jumping and twitching and then get up to take the med.  Sometimes, in addition to the restlessness I feel as if my feet will combust from the inside out.  I seem to be taking more than before and may have to go on a regular dose.  No side effects noted, and no grogginess in the morning."
"I went on this birth control due to the fact that I was breaking out, and had never experienced bad skin ever before. It was hormonal acne and it was relatively painful and I was getting a new pimple almost everyday (all in my T-Zone). When I started the birth control my skin got worse and there was a decent amount of spotting. My skin continued to break out badly for the first two month of birth control. But I highly suggest waiting it out because now on the fourth month my skin looks better than it has in quite a while, and any pimple I randomly get is not nearly as painful, and in the end the birth control kept my acne from scarring my face. It works very well it just takes a couple months."
"I was taking Norco 10mg 4x a day but it wore off so fast, I asked the doctor for an increase of 20mg. He suggested 20mg Zohydro twice a day and 20 mg norco for breakthrough pain. The medicine is pricey and I had to give it up this month. I am shopping for price comparisons and I have the company coupon that will get 250 off. I didn&#039;t realize how effective it was until I gave it up. How stupid I was! This stuff covers me from getting out of the bed until it runs out, which is about 8 hours later, so I probably need to move up to the 30s. I have an appointment in a few days and I am going to tell my doc to keep the norco&#039;s and just adjust my zohydro and I will rob banks to pay for it.! I had my life back for awhile. I miss it."
"For many many years I have been dealing with hay fever allergies in spring and fall.  My nose is always clogged.  Sudafed and Allegra D became a normal routine for me.  Dr gave me a trial of this.  Loved it, the only side affect was that I could breath through my nose which is not normal for me in my life.  I actually felt more active but may be just a side affect from being able to breath through my nose.  They only get 9 of 10 because it is expensive, $180 without insurance, $80 with coupon card.  Insurance is fighting me with pre-authorization."
"This medication is only one for stress panic attacks and more. Others do not work as well.  Especially if you&#039;re going to work or sleep it makes you  relax. But only take it how doctor prescribes for you."
"I have been on all different kinds of medicines to treat HIV. I have lived with this virus for 20 years. I have been on Atripla for about 3 or 4 years. The virus has been non-detectable for 2 years. Atripla in my opinion helped save my life."
"My 6 year old son has Aspergers and ADHD. He takes Strattera and 3mg of Intuniv daily for about 3 months now.  While it seems as if I can actually get his attention now while before I could not hardly at all, he is still having trouble paying attention and completing work in school. He is getting in less trouble, fewer outbursts and staying in his seat. Though I feel I should credit that to the Strattera which he started just a month before the Intuniv. He can hold conversation now too. The big issue has been headaches and stomach pain, including vomiting and heartburn. He would say his stomach and chest burns and is hot. Well recently an ulcer was found. "
"My doctors haven&#039;t figured out my stomach issues yet. It&#039;s been going on for over 6 years. I&#039;ve been to MUSC and many specialists. After my last trip to MUSC I was put on Bentyl 20 mg. two times a day. This is the first time in years that I have felt like &quot;living&quot; again. I wish I would have been given this medication sooner."
"I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend and of course we weren&#039;t thinking clearly, but anyway I took the pill at exactly 48 hours afterwards and came on my cycle a little past a week.  The new european study that says it doesn&#039;t work for women over 175, it&#039;s not true I&#039;m well over 175 and currently on my cycle... Be sure to take it within 72 hours and if you have the funds I&#039;ve also heard of some women taking another pill 12 hours again after the first. Hope this helps."
"For the first few months everything was ok and I had no symptoms at all. The past few weeks have been bad though because I&#039;ve been getting spotting, nausea, vomiting, cramps, and mood swings. My friend has been taking this birth control for 6 years and has recently stopped taking it due to similar symptoms. Not quite sure what to think of this bc anymore."
"I went to the Emergency room due to a hot burning stinging itchy rash on my hand with what seemed to be white welts. I was also experiencing some nausea and felt weak. 
The doctor examined my hand and diagnosed me with cellulitus. He perscribed me augmentin, which he knew I was allergic too. At least I noticed it before  I took it. He had to change my antibiotic to bactrim. I was given one dose at the hospital because no pharmacies were open on new years day.

That night I felt a slight headache. The night seemed extremely longer than usual. Each hour, seemed like two or three. I didn&#039;t think the night was going to end. I was up every few hours, with a dry mouth. I also had an dream that was frightening,  it was of a friend stabbing me."
"I lived in a world of gray with a circle of awareness as little as two feet. I was the quintessential invisible man. I tried all the  antidepressants for over 50 years.  Everything was totally useless and with horrible side effects to the extent that one wonders why anyone would prescribe it. The first thing that actually worked was Nardil which opened me to a world of light and color that I didn&#039;t know existed, but it had its problems and became ineffective after a time. 6 years ago my doctor finally gave up and gave me this. She started me on the low dose patch which didn&#039;t seem to do much  but the fog did lift . I seem to have few if any side effects. Emsam is worth trying."
"I have been using the Implanon for almost 4 years. When I first got it, it was great! I hardly ever got my period. I would get one period every 8 months or so for about 4 weeks, which I can&#039;t complain. Once I got it replaced last year after my 3 years expired, it all changed. I gained at least 15 lbs, I go to the gym regularly and it&#039;s nearly impossible for me to lose weight. I get my period every 4-5 weeks and it last 3 weeks every time. I&#039;m always moody, tired and have no sex drive. I enjoy this birth control only because it has prevented pregnancy, but I am starting to hate the side effects my body is experiencing."
"I found myself sleeping all day against my will and it was depressing to be so unproductive. After I was accepted to vet school, I knew I needed to figure out why I was so tired all the time. I was diagnosed with narcolepsy without cataplexy. I immediately started Nuvigil in an attempt to get regulated before I started school. About a week in, I experienced  anxiety, and a racing heart on a few different days. My symptoms soon subsided, and I found my quality of life drastically improved. I take it in the morning before class, and I was able to stay awake all day with very little problem. I still have good days and bad, but my worst day is still better than my life before it. I am so thankful for my doctor and Nuvigil."
"I was on Effexor for 3 months and I really liked it besides the fact it didn&#039;t help with my obsessive/intrusive thoughts. I did quiet a bit of research on medications and decided to ask my doctor if I could try Anafranil. I have been on Anafranil for a month now and it has really helped with the obsessing over intrusive meaningless thoughts. In the beginning it did spike my anxiety which I used a benzodiazepine to help with that until the anxiety calmed down. After that, I noticed I started to feel dizzy when I  stood up fast and it was another side effect. At this point I began to get nervous but I heard so much good reviews about this drug I really wanted it to work. After making it through my first month with it, the side effects began to lessen."
"Amazing!! I never knew a product could work for me besides the alternative option of maybe looking into botox shots....i started using drysol and immediately 2 days of using my perspiration stopped...unfortunately because i got nervous of not having to use deodorant i overused and broke out so please only use this product once a day"
"I began taking Contrave almost 9 months ago.  I am 5&#039; 4&quot; and started at 175 lbs.  I got on the scale this morning (I rarely do now to avoid obsessing) and now weigh 144 lbs.  This is a big deal for me, I have tried EVERYTHING and nothing worked.  The first month was absolute hell but if you push through it will work.  My appetite is less and I feel full much faster.  The Contrave controls my eating as I clearly cannot.  I go from hungry to beyond full very quickly and it lasts!  Crucial.  Good luck all."
"I got my Implanon inserted September 2009, 2 1/2 months after my son was born. Before insertion I had a sex drive, good skin, lost all my weight from my pregnancy and wasn&#039;t angry or impatient all the time. I didn&#039;t have a period until December, that lasted 5 days. My next cycle was end of January and was heavy until March. I have had a period either every month for 14 days straight or every other week with 7 days of bleeding. I like the idea of no pill but this has got to stop. My OB has put me on the pill to stop my bleeding but I take the pill everyday for the last 5 months. And I still have it every other week. I have bad acne, moodiness and gained 30 pounds. My marriage is probably suffering because I have no sex drive. It&#039;s time to get it out!"
"I am 25 years old.  I am 5&#039;11, and weighed 244lbs. Have used phentermine for about 4 months and have lost 40 pounds. I tried multiple diets and nothing worked. I lost about 6 pounds my first 2 weeks and then the next 3-4 pound a week on the next few weeks.  For me, the best way to take it was 1 hour before breakfast.  When I started to notice that my weight loss was slowing down, I would stop taking the pills for 2 weeks, and started them again.  This helps to get it going again, just be strict not to lose the healthy eating and exercise in that time.  Phentermine caused me some insomnia in the beginning but then it stopped.  Causes some dryness of the mouth but it&#039;s good because it makes you drink more water, which is great!"
"Lost without it."
"This is the most honest review I can give about this medicine. Its amazing. I have been on it for one month and have lost 1 stone and 3 pounds. I go to the gym 4 times a week and I am on a controlled calorie diet. 

Please ensure that you eat breakfast first then take it 10 minutes later to ensure that the tablet is effective. I find sometimes the medicine wears off by 7pm so I try and take this pill late mornings to ensure I don&#039;t get hungry.

At the end of the day, this pill does help but you can only really help yourself. Make sure you exercise regularly. You have to put in effort to get excellent results. This is not a miracle pill."
"I have had my skyla in for about 5 months now, and so far I have not noticed it at all during sex or in my everyday life. When I first got it put in I was a little nervous. When the doctor mesured my cervix And I shed a tear but my doctor told me to suck it up (lol) the first month I had cramps and heavy bleeding everyday. Soon after I started to notice that my discharge would sometimes be brown and I would bleed a lot during sex; But around the second month my body began to adjust to the skyla. When I have intercourse With my boyfriend I make sure he doesnt feel any discomfort and he doesnt which means it was put in correctly, and I have yet to get pregnate! I like skyla, though side effects can be intense I would still recommend it!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Solotik for 2 months now and what can I say, not effective at all !!"
"I&#039;ve been using parlodel for many years to treat high prolactin levels and it has been a success! My levels dropped. I feel normal again."
"After smoking for 22 years, I started my sixth week today and I couldn&#039;t be happier that I started Chantix. I have not had any side effects whatsoever while taking this medicine.  I have been told that I seem happier and goofier (in a good way).  Starting Chantix has actually helped with not drinking alcohol during social events, happy hour, dinner, etc. The smoking and drinking definitely went hand-in-hand. With that said, Chantix has helped in more ways than one!  In the long run, I will have more money in my pocket, too!  I have more energy, no cravings for smoking, more active, I don&#039;t miss out on a lot of conversations due to stepping out to smoke, smell better and simply more time on my hands.  Good Luck to all!"
"Had this put in after my second child and I  love it. I thought it would be terrible getting it put in but it was a breeze. I&#039;ve had it for 3 months now and don&#039;t have any side effects.  For the first 2 months I did spot every day but that has gone away now."
"What started as a gallbladder removal July 2016 after being sick for 4 months &amp; weight packing on somehow they discovered I had papillary thyroid cancer. I underwent a full thyroid removal Oct 2016, then a umbilical cord hernia surgery Jan 2017, radiation for the cancer Feb 2017. My diet has been mostly Sprite, oats, strawberries and occasional premade Bob Evans Mashed Potatoes. The weight still kept adding on to me. My cancer/endo doctor added Qsymia to my Thyroid med. Since I started March 15 I have lost 21 lbs. I am not able to work out as I still have a sliding Hiatal hernia I am waiting on surgery for along with another medical issue the medicine does not effect. 48 Year old Female 5&#039;2 want to lose 25 more."
"I finally had enough nerve to have Mirena inserted, but the experience took me by surprise.  I have a high tolerance for pain, but the pain during insertion was more than expected.  I also fainted.  This occurrence is rare and usually happens in only 1% of women who have Mirena placed.  Lucky me!  When I came to,  I was covered in sweat and couldn&#039;t get up.  My blood pressure and heart rate dropped to a dangerous low so I  had to sit for almost 2 hours to recover.  I was given prescription pain killers to help with the cramps and have had light bleeding since."
"I have been taking it for 3 weeks and have lost 6 pounds. I was on Adipex. It has been 5 months in total and I have lost 42 pounds. I have 30 more to go. I am eating 1200-1300 calories a day, and exercising at least 3 times a week."
"Horrible.  After two I came down with a fever (102.6) and awful chills.  The worst was the body aches - in particular my upper back,  My gut told me it was the medicine and not a sudden case of the flu.  I went off immediately and within 15 hours felt 100% myself again.  Everyone is different and this drug is not for everyone."
"I usually work a 10 hr shift in the afternoon but my boss has changed my Saturday shift to 5am-1pm. We live on a farm and have 3 outside dogs that like to bark at night.  The first morning shift I only got 2 hrs sleep because of our dogs. I purchased Zzquill to get some help falling asleep the night before my morning shifts. I took the recommended dose (2pills) at 8pm. I went to bed at 8:30. I didn&#039;t feel any effect from the medication until almost 10:30!! And then I woke up again at 12:30am! I do not recommend Zzquill if you want to fall asleep quickly and stay asleep."
"Terrible Bloating, cramping diarrhea, brain zaps, irritability, anger and rage."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 2 weeks because of increased pressure in my spinal fluid due to head injuries. While the medicine works amazingly well on the headaches, my brain basically turns to mush when I&#039;m on it and I can&#039;t function well enough to do my job or understand my school work. I also have really annoying tingling feelings in my hands, feet and lips that hasn&#039;t yet gone away. I wish there was a way to get this to keep working for my headaches."
"Hi,  I had an attack of tachycardia that was caused by eating apricot seeds. Taken to the hospital and treated for 125-135 heart and feeling like I was shaking and panicking. They prescribed Metoprolol and sent me home after treatment, I felt fine the next day and then had rapid heart rate again and had a flash of anxiety. I took the metoprolol and tried to get in to see my Army doctors. After a 10 day wait and being extremely anxious and a nervous wreck I got to see my doctor. He took me off Metoprolol and gave me Diltiazem, no blood tests, no other testing. The Diltiazem makes me feel foggy, dizzy, and at first chest tightness and palpitations. I&#039;m desperately working out to lose weight and get off this drug."
"Changed my life. Much healthier now."
"I haven&#039;t slept like this since I was a baby. My dreams aren&#039;t as weird and I sleep faster although jet lag may occur. It&#039;s totally worth it."
"Patches stay on when I swim. I love not having to wear Depend silhouette even at night."
"This medicine has absolutely given me my life back! I actually feel the way I did before I got addicted to pills!!"
"I was given baclofen for spasms in my hands. The side effects, including blurred vision were prohibitive to taking for any length of time to properly rate any effectiveness of this drug."
"My hands were so painful from arthritis and carpal tunnel that I was missing work, barely able to do any housework (anything that I needed to use my hands for).  
I&#039;d been getting worse over 6 months and seriously considering going on disability.
I was given the prescription for the gel. 
I put it on as directed and by that night I had relief.
I was able to do my job the next day like I haven&#039;t for months.
This is a miracle for me.  Not even strong pain meds worked.
I just hope this isn&#039;t temporary."
"At first it made my tooth infection feel better but before I finished my whole course of the antibiotic I had a severe reaction to it. I had a high fever and painful sore throat."
"I was prescribed Effexor after a major depressive episode and being diagnosed with general depressive disorder. I started at 75 mg of the XR and a few weeks later increased to 150. I can&#039;t even tell you how much better I felt. I know that some people have problems with this medication, but that&#039;s how it is with any anti-depressant. The only side effect I had was increased sweating, which was annoying, but was definitely outweighed by the positive effects. The only issue I had with this medication was a decrease in effectiveness over time. Eventually I had the dosage raised to 225 mg and I stayed with that dosage for a year and haven&#039;t had any problems."
"Ok so this is my first review. I had been suffering from severe anxiety and panic attacks for about 5 months it completely changed my life for the worse. I stopped all the things I used to enjoy I didn&#039;t go to the gym and I wasn&#039;t physically active. I felt safe in my room not socialising as this did not cause me to panic. However it was a downward spiral from there. The reason that I felt safe at first was because my anxiety was from my heart beating fast and I was always aware of it ( weird right.) I wanted to avoid all things that would trigger my panic attacks. gotta cut it short so I took 50 mg zoloft and after the first day I haven&#039;t had one single panic attack and feel 10x better. I still have a little anxiety but only on my 5th day."
"Worked great until my doc got me on blood pressure medicine (Lisinopril 10mg) then it took twice as long to take effect. I was using generic due to cost and thought it was just poor quality. Turns out its the blood pressure medicine so I stopped taking it for two days and everything works again."
"I was put on  Glipizide ER after having bad side effects from Metformin ER. Had the diarrhea with it.  Have had no problems with Glipizide."
"Minoxidil is a not effective treatment. I was used minoxidil treatment 2 month but  was not effective and hair loss increased over this time."
"I got Implanon inserted August 2014 right after my first period after having my baby. The first few months I had no period. Then I started having light periods that lasted about a week compared to 3-4 days before getting pregnant. I&#039;ve also gained about 20 lbs since insertion. It helps a lot with my PMS, and I often forget it&#039;s there. Overall I love it and plan to have it reinserted when my 3 years are up."
"I had been using Benicar with good results except an occasional headache and lightheadedness upon getting up quickly. Because of the high price, I asked my doctor to prescribe a cheaper product - Lisinopril. I have only been on it a short time but have experienced so many side effects that I&#039;m asking to go back on Benicar - high cost or not."
"Over the summer, I experienced my first panic attack leading to a string of additional panic attacks that followed. Subsequently, I was so overly focused on all the tics and aspects of my body, I was unable to focus or leave the house. I was getting panic attacks nearly on the daily, and had a terrible experience with the medication Viibryd, which gave me serotonin syndrome and left me awake for five straight days. 

Lexapro gave me my life back. It took about 4 weeks to start to really help, and 2 months to work in full strength. It allowed me for the first time in years to truly be happy, and deal with the problems of life. 

For those of you who just started this medicine, give it a chance because the side effects at first are very tough."
"Started taking on a monday at 25mg upped on Thursday to 50mg feel 80 percent normal again first few days had nausea apart from that felt fine"
"I had my first migraine at age 19 and am now almost 45. They have changed as I have aged. They are worse now than ever before. Topamax has left me with side effects which do NOT include weight loss. I might be more willing to hang in there if I lost a few pounds. I am still having migraines on 75 mg per day, I am depressed, anxious and just scattered. I hate the way I feel and therefore am going back to the doctor to talk about coming off the drug. I am taking more Relpax than ever before even after about 6 months on Topamax. I wish it worked for me because migraines interfere with my life."
"I was given terbutaline for 10 days for premature labor it worked but made my hands shake so terribly I couldn&#039;t get food in my mouth. I say its ok side effects are strong though."
"This is okay if you have a minor headache but it&#039;s very weak. I had a Hematoma when I was pregnant and they would only give this to me and it still didn&#039;t get rid of the pain and that was PAINFUL. Thought I was having a miscarriage when it first came on. I would definitely not recommend this for anything other than headaches."
"Just remember there are 3 types of Mucinex:  &quot;D&quot;, &quot;DM&quot; and plain Mucinex.
The &quot;DM&quot; caused my chest to ache but the &quot;D&quot; cleared up the mucus fast."
"I got the shot during my 6 week post partum. The nurse who I seen highly recommend the depo and said it would be great for me. I spotted a few days here and there and finally got my period 1 months later I&#039;ve been non stop bleeding super heavy for about 10 days now. The blood flow are clots the size of mini golf balls . I feel so grouchy and tired. I&#039;m supposed to go back in for my second shot this month. HECK NO! never again will I get this injection again. I&#039;m in day 11 of bleeding now. I&#039;m constantly having to go to the restroom and change at work. I&#039;ve been using overnight heavy flow pads since and it&#039;s not getting any better"
"I made the biggest mistake of not reading reviews before I bought and used this product. Because I know in the moment anything to relieve the MILD itching/burning nuisance sounded great...haha I had no clue what I was in for! After using this product for about a day, I noticed my MILD symptoms seemed like they took steriods to transform into SEVERE symptoms for about another 2 days which lead to uncomfortable nights and inflammation in my hooha area to the point where sitting was unbearable. I would never take this product again and consider myself lucky that it ended within 3 days. Stay safe ladies and try to use natural remedies! :D"
"I woke up with a Migraine and took this, it dulled it, but never went fully away.  When I was able to take my next dose I did.  Soon after my vision started to blur, my face was flushed, I felt light headed, dizzy, the room was spinning, my heart was racing (over 180bpm! Well over that), &amp; I felt like I was about to pass out.  Turns out it was a reaction to the CAFFEINE in this.

I am not a caffeine free person and had never had this experience before, but the doc said the caffeine is a high dose in this.

I now take Aleve or Maxsalt for bad migraines, no issues."
"I will never ever take this medication again. When I took my very first pill, it caused me to throw up within a matter of minutes. I called the doctor and they told me to try it again in the morning and if I still threw up then to call them back. So I tried it again in the morning and this time I didn&#039;t throw up but I became extremely  nauseous and nearly threw up so I called the doctor back. They ended up prescribing a different medicine for me.

I also didn&#039;t like the fact that I had to wait 2 hours after taking vitamins and minerals and so many hours before taking certain kinds of stomach medicine. I am prescribed both vitamins and minerals as well as stomach medicines so this made taking the doxycycline quite a burden."
"This antibiotic was very strong to me. Make sure that you eat before taking it. The bowel movements for me were very frequent and made me feel a little sick. I had to take it twice a day."
"My young son was diagnosed with Tourette&#039;s and had both speech and eye tics which were interfering with life. Fortunately, we found a neurologist expert in tic conditions who prescribed the Catapres patch. Once we found the appropriate dosage, the tics subsided completely and no adverse side effects have been noted.  We have used this drug now for 5 years.  Now our daughter is showing signs of multiple tics so we will try Clonidine with her. We are very thankful for this drug."
"Adderall has helped me greatly, though it is not perfect. Many doctors have suspected that I have narcolepsy, but my insurance company won&#039;t pay for the sleep study because I&#039;m only in my 20s (what??). Anyway, my doctor prescribed Adderall because I simply could not stay awake in class, driving, riding the bus, watching movies, doing homework, etc. Basically everything. I remember the first dose I took. I felt like a normal person. Not hyper or overstimulated (my doc was worried about this because I also have bipolar I), just normal. I just went about my day and did my homework and washed the dishes and read a book like a normal person. This drug has really changed my life. I gave it an 8 because I still have to take naps throughout the day"
"I have smoked about 45 years - a pack a day for the past 10 or more.  I started Chantix about six weeks ago.  I continued to smoke about 10 days, but have not touched nicotine since then.  The only side affect I&#039;ve experienced is vivid dreams, which I am actually enjoying!  I still want a cigarette, but can deal with it with mints, etc."
"I am not stranger to antibiotics for U.T.I. infections. Just 2 weeks ago was subscribed Cipro the normal is 3 day. This medication did not help me I even got worse with the spasms, frequency and burning. I&#039;m not saying the medication made it worse just saying it doesn&#039;t work. I&#039;m on something different and waiting on a culture since my problem got much worse."
"Works and you start feeling better in 2-3 days but you get diarrhea. My doctor prescribed probiotics Florastor..that helped restore good bacteria."
"My doctor prescribed Zymar for Post-op treatment after my Lasik procedure. It seems to be working just fine. Although, I have no painful symptoms to compare it&#039;s effectiveness too. It does cause slightly blurred vision immediately after using it but it only lasts for a few minutes. I have gotten hot-flashes a few times and wonder if this is a side-effect of the drug."
"So I got the implant about 3 months ago and got it taken out yesterday and I will tell you why. Within 3 months my anxiety increased about 50 fold, I gained 11 pounds while eating healthy and organic food. My abdominal has been bloated like 5 pounds the whole time. Very uncomfortable and kinda painful to press on it. I got 2 UTI&#039;s back to back (which never happens). Had a short temper, overly emotional and angry a lot for no reason. My fianc&eacute; told me my whole personality changed and that I was going from being sweet and kind to a mean and hateful person. Not to mention I would freak out over the littlest things! I already feel less crazy with that thing out of me. I just hope my bloating and pain will go away soon...."
"Update I have been on bydureon for six months now and with diet and 40 minutes of exercise a day I have lost 64 lbs. This drug has been a great for me. I never thought I would ever take it off but I am. I only have 24 more lbs to go to be at my normal weight. I have had very  minimal side effects. If you are taking this for diabetes take advantage of what can happen with diet and exercise."
"I have been on this pill for 2 months. The first month was ok. I didn&#039;t feel any different beside slight water gain. My first period did not come until the 4th day on the placebo pill. The 2nd month I had nipple tenderness every single day, which sucks because it hurts when I work out. My period did not come until the 3rd day on the placebo pill. I would say it is a good contraceptive besides the nipple tenderness. I had no other side effects. I am most likely switching to a different contraceptive due to the nipple tenderness."
"My Doctor gave me samples dues to a recent ED issue, we tried it last night and all I can is wow. It works better than expected. I will say, this is not for daily use. There are minimal side effects like headache and stuffy nose in the morning. The positive effects lasted at least 12 hours. I just hope my insurance will cover it."
"Nightmares turned into night terrors and then sleep paralysis. I was woke up one night by gritting my teeth and chewing on my own tongue for what may have been hours. Recovery took a week. Never slept past 3 hours. Be very cafeful, it could be dangerous"
"I began taking Viibryd 10mg 3 months ago.  Quickly began having stomach pain, worsening of insomnia and diarrhea.  Couldn&#039;t go up to 20mg because of worsening of side effects. Today, Sept. 1, I took it and again, having uncontrollable diarrhea. Seeing my doctor on the third and am going to ask for a something else.  All of the SSRIs and SNRIs have affected my GI track but not as bad as this one.  Life long history of depression and anxiety.  Searching for the right antidepressant for over 20 years."
"I was diagnosed with ADD at the end of grade 6 and started taking concerta in grade 7. I had no idea I had ADD and just though everyone was like me. I had no enthusiasm anything with school but after I took concerta I was like ADHD. So much hyperness and wanting to work. After raising the dose to 36mg I started to get very anxious about my heart feeling like it was beating too fast and was having like a panic attack or something so then I dropped back down to 27mg. The side affects I have is weight loss/loss of appitite, heart palpitations, sleep paraylisis, feelings of excitement. It works for me but I hate the side affects. I also lost 5lbs in one week when I first started and 20lbs in 2 years."
"I was on the depo recently. Switched to the pill and after month 3 just wanted to throw up every morning. Remember having these side effects when younger. So.  
Had a break and jumped to Evra! Can say this is the last and final switch!
Three weeks in so far so good. Just boobs have shot up a size. Nipples sensitive to touch. Hurts to lay on front. But can&#039;t complain looks like I&#039;ve had a boob job and I know it&#039;s temporary. No morning sickness. Not hot flushes (pill gave me). No anxiety of some kind that always managed to rear its head. More motivated. No spots. It&#039;s a slow release so I believe as it&#039;s not going through blood stream it is necessarily better for you. Definitely recommend if you&#039;re out of contraceptive ideas due to above side/e"
"I really hope to help someone out there suffering with this nightmare called &quot;Panic Disorder&quot;. I suffered for the last 2 years with debilitating panic. My dad died of cancer two years ago, and one week later my son got very ill. Needless to say I had a nervous breakdown and ever since then panic ruled my life which led to depression and agoraphobia setting in. I was scared to death of SSRI&#039;s and suffered needlessly for 2 years. Two weeks ago I went to a Psychiatrist, he prescribed me Zoloft 25mg to start for 2 weeks then up it to 50mg. I am also taking 0.5mg Xanax twice a day. I have to say I feel great! Not a single panic attack since the 3rd day of taking med. I also am way more social and sleep a thousand times better! Thank you Zoloft!!"
"I have been on Apri for 2 1/2 weeks and it has instantly made my hair fall out. I never had my hair literally come out of my scalp ever, and I know it&#039;s from the birth control. My baby is almost 4 months old and prior to taking Apri I was on Camilia which  made me have a non-stop period and no sex drive. With Apri I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m moodier, no sex drive, depressed, suicidal thoughts, all of which I have NEVER had any of these problems. I know its this birth control because I&#039;m not on any other medications. Monday I am calling my doctor so she can put on something else, I know this pill can work wonders for others but everyone&#039;s body is different."
"I was told by my physician in January 2005, that I had several mini-stokes before the one that hospitalized me on January 31, 2005. It has been 7 years now and I had no noticeable side effects with Aggrenox. When I started the medication, I always took it as prescribed - 1 capsule in the morning and one capsule in the evening. About 1 year ago, I only started taking 1 capsule when I would take my blood pressure pill. My pharmacist begged me to start back taking the medication as it was originally prescribed to be taken. "
"Very effective for controling Asthma, but side effects almost killed me. After a few months I became alergic to wheat. I would get attacks that would double my heart rate and reduce my blood pressure to half. Also I felt so weak that I could hardly stand up. Went to a heart speacialist and all kinds tests, they could not find anything wrong with my heart. After getting off this medication, no more problems with wheat. Note: I also experienced the same thing with Asmanex Twisthaler."
"I had flu with a bad cough. The other flu symptoms resolved after a few days but the cough did not. I was prescribed benzonatate as a cough suppressant. I took one capsule, and within about 20 minutes, my sinuses were clogged and congested. This means I can&#039;t breathe through my nose, which means I&#039;m breathing through my mouth, which makes my mouth and throat dry, which causes me to cough, which is the thing that was supposed to go away with this medicine. It&#039;s done absolutely nothing for the cough, and just gave me a cold on top of flu."
"Started Belviq 6/12/13 I have no side effects, it definitely curbs my desire to eat, but I don&#039;t think it would be as effective if I did not have a &quot;good&quot; diet to follow. Lost 4 lbs since starting and waistline getting slimmer already. I&#039;m not edgy and just can easily avoid carbs. Hope this helps anyone considering taking the pill."
"I love it. Remember not everything is right for everybody we all have different bodies. I can&#039;t take anything I always have bad side effects I am 3 days in now I noticed I can go without snacking all day and night because for some reason I&#039;m hungry all the time and by the 3rd day I feel different in a good way. I&#039;m going to wait until my 7th day to weigh myself, I just feel more positive or something its hard to explain I guess like I have some hope now. I weigh 206 now I want to be back to my normal weight of 130 and I have a feeling I may be able to do that now since now I can pass on the carbs without craving them all the time. I hope that other people that feel like there is no hope and feel like a prisoner in your body can use this also."
"Incredible medication. Virus free in 8 weeks. On a 24 week programme. Almost side-effect free. Occasional minor tireness, minor headaches..
wonderful new energy levels."
"So far I have been on it 5 days and I am experiencing the worsening of my anxiety symptoms. It&#039;s like I can sit still and am in a constant state of panic that even my Xanax is not helping. I am praying that this passes quickly and I start to feel better. I am taking 10mg every morning currently. Supposed to do a checkin with my psychiatrist Tuesday so hopefully the side effects have lessened some by then. I am so amped up with anxiety I am hardly eating and walking about 16,000+ steps a day mainly from pacing. As a stay at home mom of 3 busy kids and a husband who travels frequently I hope relief comes soon!"
"The first couple of months I took this I had some mood swings and felt rather emotional but that went away.  After about 3 months, the acne I had been dealing with my entire life was 100% gone and has not returned for over a year. If there have been any weight changes, it&#039;s been lost weight. And it made my boobs bigger. Love it."
"My bladder was out of control ! Having to urinate almost every 45 min to an hour. Seriously, I was going 25-30 times a day. It was awful. The Dr put me on Vesicare 5mg. It worked great from the 2-3 day..however after a week or so my symptoms came back. He decided to put me on the 10 mg. At first my mouth and eyes were very dry, I almost stopped taking it. I decided to give it some time and see what happened. The drug was a life saver for me, the dry mouth and eyes went away after the 2nd week. Constipation was kind of an issue but I started using Miralax and had no problems at all. Well that is until about 3-4 weeks of taking the 10 mg....It seems as though my symptoms are coming back."
"This med is amazing!! Absolutely best medication developed! Was at 11 on HBA1C on Metformin and Glimepiride. Invokana was added and amazing I&#039;ve run consistently at 7.0!! Now I take 2,000 mg Metformin, 1,000 mg BID. And Glimepiride 4 mg a day with Invokana increasing to 300 a day. If you&#039;ve got problems why delay any longer? Insist on Invokana immediately! To the guy that says he had general malaise and fatigue, I&#039;d get your CBC checked. Very doubtful it&#039;s from Invokana."
"Embeda has changed my life.  I can actually walk, sweep, do normal things again."
"I suffer from IBS, and by suffer I mean between alternating IBS-d &amp; IBS-c. 

It&#039;s a fun combination, said no one ever. 
In the last 5yrs, IBS-c symptoms are the most prevalent. Recently, I experienced SEVERE constipation (nearly 8+ days). I was terribly bloated, my abdomin was distended, had gas pains (under each side of my rib cage), and even chest pains. 

I took dulcolax for women at the onset of this situation. It barely worked. It did however cause me to curl up in the fetal position on a hotel floor room (I was traveling for business) for over 2.5hrs while grabbing my stomach in agony due to the severe cramping it caused. Cold sweats and crying out for my mom (at 33yrs old) accompanied the pain. 

So imagine my hesitation when my parents urged me to take M.O.M. while visiting for the holiday. 
Even with the fear of being curled up on the bathroom floor in my childhood home- I gave into my concerned parents recommendation of taking M.O.M. 
Night 1 - I was scared of cramping (even though the label clearly states - stimulant &amp; cramp free) so I only took 45ml vs. 60ml prior to bed. 
I woke up and had success! Multiple BM&#039;s but still felt (knew) I was constipated. 
Night 2 - knowing I had not successfully passed everything- I took 60ml prior to bed. 
Within 2 hrs I had multiple (I mean multiple) BM&#039;s and still am today - over 36hrs later. 

I cannot say enough about M.O.M. it will most certainly become my go to - if this should happen again (which I know it will). It&#039;s effective and I did not experience any negative side effects! No cramping!"
"My husband and I were on Adipex for 3 months before I got pregnant with our son. I had to quit taking it of course. However, our first month I lost 18lbs and my husband lost 29! In the 3 months we were on it we lost a total of 105lbs! It is definetly the best diet pill ever. The only thing I didn&#039;t like was that my mouth was always dry. I couldn&#039;t go anywhere without a bottle of water in my hand."
"I took four of the azithromycin pills about an hour ago and had a small meal afterwards. The thing is I&#039;ve been sitting on the toilet for the past 40 minutes with the worst (my worst) case of diarrhea. Although I do find that taking these are very effective; I&#039;d suggest not eating before taking them in case you might throw them up.. Eating a little bit after is good too to keep away from feeling nauseated and all."
"I have been on victoza since Feb 15 2017. I have had barely any side effects and have lost 30 lbs. The medicine does not work by its self I take the 1.8 dose and I eat low carb and low sugar. I also have fibromialgia and Hashimotos. I go thru the patient assistance program to get my victoza."
"After about 2 weeks into the medicine, I started vomiting severely whenever I took this medication. Ended up in the hospital. I tried this medication again several years later and immediately started vomiting severely. I had to go by ambulance to the emergency room because I could not go by car. I would use extreme caution when first starting this medication because apparently it can cause severe side effects."
"Fantastic. I use to suffer with nasty migranes that would leave me in bed, in too much pain to even cry. I use zomig rapi-melt 2.5mg. It takes between 20-40 mins to work, at any stage of the attack, and clears all symptoms."
"This is a compound drug that comes in a kit.  The pharmacist behind the counter will mix it before dispensing it.  It&#039;s a cheap cream that comes in a jar like coco butter and you put it on your shoulders.  It&#039;s very difficult to get the correct dosage with a cream so that&#039;s why it didn&#039;t work for me.  A gel is much better than cream, but the cream is cheaper."
"After 1 week receiving the shot. I had night sweats for 5 days. I been having severe anxiety. My body aches like I have  the flu it will be one month I&#039;ve been on depo the night sweats r away but I&#039;m having pain in my feet and in my knees. The odd thing is instead of gaining weight I&#039;m loosing weight I lost so far 12 lbs in almost a month. I&#039;m starting to spot due to my period always comes on the 20th. Not getting cramping yet.  I&#039;m not going to get depo again because the night sweats n leg pain n some minor headaches I don&#039;t like. I&#039;m 31 yrs old and a mom of 4. My husband says since the shot he noticed me more down n not in the mood. So I&#039;m certain the depo is causing all this craziness to my body.I&#039;m getting blood work done to c if its my thyroid"
"Even since I&#039;ve had Nexplanon I&#039;ve gained mad weight that no matter how much I workout I can&#039;t lose, when I think my cycle is over it&#039;s not and the headaches are the worst. Glad to be getting this out soon. The side effects isn&#039;t worth having it in."
"I have been suffering from Trigeminal Neuralgia for almost 8 years thinking that I was having tooth problems. Since my symptoms would come and go, I never did any further research and accepted my dentist&#039;s explanation that it was just sensitive teeth. This time, I couldn&#039;t accept that and decided to research further. Thank goodness I did and thank goodness for Tegretol! After being on it for only 2 days I am experiencing almost total relief! TN was the most painful experience of my life. The only down side to the medicine so far has been some light-headedness, which I am hoping will diminish or go away completely."
"I have Irritable Bowel Syndrome-C and was constipated since August with minimal Evacuation. Fleet Is my godsend."
"Only medication that has helped the pain and still be able to function."
"I devolved severe sciatic leg pain about 3 years ago after damaging my spine.  I was bedridden for two months. My doctor here in South Australia tried different medications including morphine pain patches and oxycontin which did slightly help. I had two cortisone injection in my lower spine which worked,  the pain went. Yeah  4 weeks later, I developed severe chronic peripheral neuropathy i.e. muscle leg cramps.  I started out on 150 mg Lyrica and now 300mg. The Lyrica makes me tired so I do not drive unless I stop taking it the day before. My wife massages my legs for 15 mins morning and night. I use a tens machine plus a Revertive foot machine for relief."
"The reason why I&#039;m taking birth control is because of my ovarian cysts. I would have the worst period in the world, I felt like I was dying because of all the pain I was in. I started taking Sprintec around March and my period has been so amazing. I sometimes forget I&#039;m even on my period. Not only has it made my period a breeze but my metabolism was boosted. I&#039;ve lost 17 pounds so far and it feels amazing."
"When my 3 year old was diagnosed with the flu, our pediatrician prescribed our whole family tamiflu in case others came down with it. Within 48 hours, my 2 year old and 8 month old spiked fevers. I treated their flu with tamiflu within hours of symptom onset. Less then 24 hours later, both boys have no fever and minimal symptoms. Seriously a life saver. We didn&#039;t experience any side effects. I had heard a lot of negative things about the side effects, I was apprehensive-but it saved our family!!!"
"I was put on viberzi. Took one pill before bed on Tuesday and one before bed on Wednesday 75mg each. To say this has been a nightmare is an understatement. Within an hour of the second pill I had severe abdominal and back pain. Also, pain that went into the right side of my chest. It is 12:00 Thursday and I haven&#039;t taken another pill nor will I, but I am completely worn out and still in full pain throughout my body. I was so hopeful for this. Be careful!"
"I recently took a DNA test which determines which best antidepressants that  your most compatible with since I&#039;m very extremely sensitive to meds and pristiq was listed in the green column that would give no side effects, yeah right after nearly giving this med a fair two months trial of hell being on this toxic chemical I&#039;ve encountered practically all the severe side effects reported from worsening depression of feeling hopeless and being in a thick fog everyday that made it almost impossible to hold a conversation and more like a robot, depersonalization / derealization, blurred vision along with seeing distorted objects and shapes that makes me sensitive to light, mood swings, horrible word finding difficulties,  this med ain&#039;t me!"
"I have atypical ductal hyperplasia.  Initially put on Tamoxofen, stopped secondary to multiple side effects to include osteoporosis and poor quality of life. Took 9 month drug free vacation before agreeing to taking Arimidex anastrozole. Hot flashes and insomnia have been dependent on what time of the day I take the medicine; worse if taken late afternoon/evening. Have had a return of joint/arthritic pain in hips/low back, shoulders and hands. Have fatigue, no libido and have gained 15 pounds despite being active and eating healthy. Short-term memory is poor and word recall is frustrating.  I know many do well on this medicine but not sure if I will stay on it."
"Hi guys  I  just started one day a go so little bit earlier to say something.
Let&#039;s wait and see...I&#039;m with 96kg at the moment. Need to loose 35kg...I will do my best.
Cheers"
"Works good on my back pain."
"I had been experiencing hair loss for about 2 years. I finally decided to do some research and found out about spironolactone. Spironolactone slows down the hair loss but does not help hair regrowth. I decided to try it out and went to a dermatologist to have this medicine prescribed to me. The doctors started me off with a 50mg once a day. But during my research I found out that the effective dosage would be 200 mg a day (divided). So, I decided to do 200 mg a day. I am happy to say that my hair loss has completely stopped after two weeks of taking this medicine at 200 mg a day. I am also using Rogaine 5% twice a day. My problem is that I can not find a dermatologist that will prescribe me a stronger dosage. "
"It was very difficult titrating up to 20 mg of Trintellix. I started at 5 mg one week; 10 mg the next week, 15 mg the following week until I reached 20 mg. The nausea, vomiting, and dizziness were almost unbearable; I missed 2 days each week for a month while starting it. Thankfully I was on FMLA and was able to muscle through it. I have been through almost every SSRI, SNRI, etc and nothing but electroconvulsive therapy worked for me. After the first week on Trintellix I felt happy for the first time, actually happy, which is why I muscled through the side effects. I have been on it for a year now and it is a miracle pill. Make it through the first month and all side effects go away."
"I never got pregnant taking Loestrin 24 Fe, so it was successful at doing its job, however, there were a few side effects. I actually lost weight while taking it- since that was my aim. But, it did make me very emotional and very sexually interested. Also, I spot bled throughout the entire month. I would typically just wear a panty liner every day- kind of annoying. That&#039;s why I give it a 7/ 10- it was effective at doing what it was supposed to do, but it certainly did not improve the overall quality of my life."
"Unbelievable relief from post-op back surgery pain. Was DC&#039;ed from morphine pump due to side effects (hallucinating, explosive agitation) and 10 mg of percocet every 4 hours made the fresh 7 inch incision in my lower back &quot;go away&quot;. Warning, I did also hallucinate on this medication and it was very unpleasant. But more tolerable than morphine and with top notch pain relief."
"My son started this almost 3 months ago, he is 17. It had helped him alot! He was throwing up at bus stop with just thinking of going to school. Constantly had stomach cramps and &quot;the runs&quot;. He would never go into a restaurant or a store and he is getting better at both. I&#039;m so glad for him because of this medicine, it gave him his life back."
"I&#039;ve been on it for a couple months. My cycle came 2 weeks early and hasn&#039;t stopped. I&#039;ve been bleeding consistently for about 3 weeks. I&#039;ve had a few pimples which is unusual for me. My appetite has stayed pretty consistent, I haven&#039;t had access to a scale for a month or more, so I&#039;m not sure if I gained weight, but my clothes fit the same and I work out regular, so I don&#039;t think I have. If so I don&#039;t notice.  If my boyfriend was squeamish about blood I would be hating life right now. I&#039;ve used the nuva ring awhile back, I didn&#039;t have any bleeding/spotting issues, but it made me crazy. I would cry for hours for no reason. I have felt mentally ok so far on Lyza, but I&#039;m not sure how long I can take the seemingly eternal cycle."
"Age: 35
Reason for meds: I was suffering from constant night-sweats, and extreme PMS at the end of my cycles. Due to a history of DVTs I was unable to use estrogen based b.c. My doctor put me on Depo-Provera to stop the night sweats and get my hormone levels back on track.
Results: Mixed. The depo did stop the night sweats and mood swings, I never get my monthly break-out, and I&#039;ve found that I&#039;ve lost some weight because I&#039;m no longer bloated. That&#039;s the good news. The bad news: I spotted or bleed continuously to the point where I became slightly anemic and needed a second hormone based b.c. to get the bleeding stopped."
"I was prescribed welbutrin for depression, that in turn has a side effect of overactive bladder which  I was prescribed Toviaz for. the Toviaz DID stop the pain and overactive-ness of my bladder at night, however I also now have some pretty serious relentless heartburn that I can not get rid of from taking the Toviaz for only 2 days. I did not buy a full prescript, my doctor gave me a sample pack for 1 week, but I can not continue, the heartburn is too horrible, and NOTHING is taking it away.  I am also very constipated from it so I am  stopping the Toviaz and reducing the dosage of the welbutrin. HOPEFULLY this will help!! It really sucks getting pills that help with this yet you got to take more pills to counter act the side effects and it just seems to snowball."
"In my teens, I had pretty bad acne. My doctor said it would clear up by 20. I&#039;m now older and still am dealing with it. What has worked for me for the past ten years (with about two flareups a year) is: doxycycline 100mg twice a day (my plan is $5 for three months supply), Clearasil (10% benzoyl peroxide) tinted in the morning, and Metrogel (1% metronidazole gel) &amp; Adult Acnomel (resorcinol) tinted in the evening. "
"I was having stress issues dealing with family and work issues. I was prescribed Celexa 20mg and about an hour after the 3rd dose I began to have severe anxiety attacks. My heart was pounding and I had to run outside, feeling claustrophobic and severely depressed. I was told to stop the drug immediately but it still took 72 hours for the side effects to go away. I had anxiety attacks several times a day, loss of appetite and depression during that time. I realize this was a rare reaction, but my message is to be prepared when you take something like this."
"This drug completely alleviates pain and swelling associated with my acute gout, but I am experiencing side effects of anxiety, restlessness, gas, bloating, abdominal pain, insomnia, mood swings, depression and paranoid thoughts.  I&#039;m looking forward to phasing this out, but thankful for the gout relief!"
"I have only been on this pill for 4 days now and I all ready have noticed large cystic pimples appearing on my cheeks and chin. I have never had perfect skin to begin with but I have never experienced cystic pimples nor have I ever broken out on my cheeks. After reading these reviews, I am glad to know that I am not the only one experiencing this. I started taking birth control to help with my heavy and irregular periods but I have ultimately decided to stop using this pill due to the negative effects it has already had on my skin. I personally do not recommend this pill especially if you are starting it with the intentions of clearing your skin."
"Been on Balsalazide for two weeks and already feel more normal than I have in years. Mouth and skin drier than before and perhaps some increased joint aches, but no more gut pain or headaches and all guts symptoms are markedly better.  Wish I knew about this medicine five years ago."
"My father has been on the patch now about 2 1/2 months for Alzheimer&#039;s dementia. He stepped up to the 13.3 mg about 2 weeks ago and the patches don&#039;t want to stay on. Nurse asked if they could use skin prep before the application; but Novartis helpline didn&#039;t answer that question.  They are going to check out the lot the patches came from to be sure it&#039;s not a manufacturer issue. "
"Switched from Plavix because of gastrointestinal reflux disease (GERD) since Effient does not need conversion in the stomach. Regular antacids like Zantac did not control my GERD so I needed Proton Pump Inhibitor (Protonix) 2 times per day.
Switch was uneventful and my GERD is under control."
"After 15 years of suffering from all kind of behaviors and agression we found the best neaouroligist in the world who cured my son from autisum, and it was a cure, if he was able to control the bheavior then he cured him to me. My son took 7. 5 abilify in the morning along with 2500mg of depakin chrono
at night he took one 25 mg seroquel and depakin and 0. 25 clonozepam..My life has changed life is beautiful once you find the right combination..Abilify is a good medication. I love it"
"Had this placed a two and a half years ago. Placing it was easy and pain free. The first year and a half were great. The last year has gotten increasingly worse. Lots of break through bleeding. Recently spotting lasted for 6 straight weeks. Initially Advil would stop the spotting (per my doctor&#039;s recommendation) but now nothing does. I would still get it inserted again though. The first year and a half really were great and I had none of the usual birth control side effects. I am getting it removed in a few weeks and my doctor has assured me that she has taken out several and none of the patients have complain removal pain. Fingers crossed."
"I started using Victoza almost a year ago, but before I started it my blood sugar was out of control. It went up to 400&#039;s and I let it stay there because I was losing weight with it that high. Lost about 15 lbs that way, then went on Victoza and lost another 45 lbs. my sugar levels were perfect. "
"Ok so I see all these reviews about burning and itching and swelling mostly from the ovule. Well I used the ointment about and hour ago and I&#039;m fine. No itch no burn just a lil moist. Don&#039;t know how good it works but will definitely be back for an update."
"I have used Topamax off and on for the past 5 years. Off (due to pregnancies.) I am once again on and love the drug. Although the side effects are something to get used to, tingling in the hands, etc., those can be corrected with the correct dosage. The best side effect is the weight loss which certainly helps. My migraines have completely gone away. I have been a migraine sufferer since I was 5 years old (some 27 years). Topamax is a wonder drug!!"
"Having gone through a long list of life&#039;s tribulations high BP and all that entails wasn&#039;t surprising.
Tried lisinopril several times, still felt general malaise. Went to cardiologist everything checked out.  I started taking hctz-after a day I felt great and two months in, still do.  Curious now why it works and is it compensating for lack in some organ.  I do not eat processed foods and am a healthy young woman of 65."
"I am a 48 year old married mom of four 5&quot;1 176 lbs. My doctor told me I needed to lose 20 lbs to start and eventually an additional 35 lbs to avoid high blood pressure as well diabetes. I have Medifasted, grapefruit diet, Weight Watchers with no success. I did many over the counter rip offs. This medicine works... four months, lost 26 pounds and I am going down the right road. Still have a way as to go but know I will win. I am not starved and eat well just make better choices easier then I ever thought this could be. This is a product that worked for me and should work for you."
"Had absolutely no side effects except for darkening of stool. Took pylera for 10 days with a full meal and a glass of water. Slept through all nights like a baby. 
Will see if pylera was effective in killing the infection."
"I am a chronic pain patient and I&#039;m on opiate therapy to manage the severe testicular, scrotal, and pelvic pain I have from a sports injury. My pain management doctor also recommend I take a muscle relaxer for my muscle spasms and muscle pain. He first let me try diazepam (Valium) but it didn&#039;t help much. He then let me try alprazolam (Xanax) and it did WONDERS. It loosened up the tight, painful grip in my muscles and relaxed everything. I take 0.5 mg five times a day and it never fails to relax my muscles. Xanax has been a miracle for my muscle spasms. Highly recommended!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for about 2 weeks now. My mom and dad are going through a horrible divorce and I plunged into a deep depression. I hardly ever speak with my mom now and I distanced myself from friends/family. I stopped hanging out and I felt like I was in complete isolation. My doctor suggested that I try Lexapro for 6 months to a year. This is a life saver. I started feeling better within the first week of taking it. I&#039;m starting to feel like my old self once again. I was warned by my doctor that it almost always causes fatigue (which it did) but that was easily solved by taking it before bed. The only other side effect I&#039;m experiencing is loss of appetite. I love this medicine and would recommend it to others!"
"I&#039;ve tried many prescriptions for migraines. Maxalt is the only thing that works for me 99% of the time (I can&#039;t remember the last time I had to take a second dose for it to take effect). Within 1 hour of taking it, my migraine goes away. Nothing else comes close to this effectiveness for me.  I normally do get one side effect - but it&#039;s one I&#039;ve actually come to welcome. It makes me drowsy - but after having a migraine, I look forward to going to sleep as fast as possible and just sleep away the migraine as the medicine works its way through my system."
"I have been on Ranbaxy generic Plaquenil for 11 months now. I don&#039;t think think it helps me very much, but I continue to take it because I am not experiencing any side effects. My condition is not well-controlled with this drug alone and I will soon start an additional DMARD after recently finding out I am intolerant of MTX. My battle with Sjogren&#039;s has been so much more than glandular issues. It has attacked my biliary system, causing me to lose my gall bladder and have complex issues with the pyloric valve, lower esophageal sphincter and sphincter of oddi. This causes a variety of symptoms such as bile and acid reflux, bile salt diarrhea,  nausea, vomiting up bile and right upper quadrant abdominal pain. I have signs of kidney disease too"
"I have chronic pancreatitis and use the 25mcg patch. It works for about 50 to 60 hours, no more, but good pain relief."
"I have the same problem (among others) and I was at a level 9, and 3 x 50mg tablets daily has taken me to a level 2. I have no side effects to speak of. Works great for me!"
"Used this last night for the first time on hands, feet, and underarms. By the time I was done applying it and got into bed, the plastic wrap around my hands and feet had little droplets of moisture inside, and I had sweated big circles under the arms of my t-shirt. I was very discouraged! I felt no burning/stinging/itching whatsoever. Woke up, washed it all off and so far, I am sweating still, but only about half of normal. Pretty good product - hope it gets better!"
"Great Pain Reliever. This gets rid of my pain and makes me feel optimistic. I feel like I can finally live my life. Everyone should switch to this and enjoy pain relief with very few side effects."
"I have been taking Benicar 20mg for about three months. I am about 45 lbs overweight and 37 years old. The medication is working very well, my readings are at 120/80 daily, sustained. I do not watch what foods I eat or drink that much, and I also don&#039;t take any other medicines. Excellent product for me!"
"I have had these before and worked wonders for my anxiety. Recently I ran out of my usual benzodiazepine scripts early so I had to go to the ER and they gave me a 45 day supply which is cool because they only ever give maybe two days supply. But anyhow the Librium 25 mg still works great, I took two of them in the morning and was very impressed on how long it worked. Only had to take one more in the evening. And I have a VERY VERY High tolerance for benzo&#039;s."
"Since I was about 26 I have suffered from migraines (now 65) and tried everything from daily preventative meds, to expensive self injecting &amp; very expensive medication, then cafegot suppositories with 3 aspro clear for the pain, I could spend hours and days feeling like dying and vomiting non stop, then there was a shortage of cafegot and that was hell, and finally they took it off the market, that is when my Dr. asked me to trial Maxalt wafers, at first I thought nothing could replace cafegot and I was very conscious of not taking ergotomine with rizatriptan. Maxalt is the best, it works within an hour, and so far after 4-5 years no side effects at all, and no more vomiting ever.  Also I do not take any other drugs for anything, but Maxalt."
"have been researching and researching for so many years and I have to say that Topamax saved my life.  I am currently 23 years old,  and I started having these migraines when I was 15. I didn&#039;t know that this would be a lifelong thing that would eventually lead me to be on daily medication. The frequency that I would get them,would be more than six times a month. Anyway, I went on propannalol? (Beta blocker), NO SUCESS. &amp; then doctors prescribed me topamax. I didn&#039;t have any side effects. At all. No tingling. Nothing. And GUESS WHAT, I didn&#039;t have a migraine for 3 years!!!! NOT ONE. but I got off of it, thinking they were &quot;gone&quot; &amp; now I&#039;m suffering with new hormonal migraines. Going back on topamax &amp; hoping for same results!!!!"
"I just had the Mirena inserted today around 3:30pm. The insertion procedure was painful for me but I only took Ibuprofen 30 minutes prior to insertion which may explain why the insertion was as painful as it was for me. The CNM who inserted the Mirena was very helpful explaining everything that she was doing while she was doing it during insertion of the Mirena. I have had cramping but Ibuprofen or Acetaminophen did help with that and just a little spotting. I have endometriosis also and I was not aware that it could spread to my pelvis and even as far as my lungs. I chose Mirena due to the fact that I gained a lot of weight using Depo and the pill and because it  could help with my endometriosis."
"Avoid like the plague, took two yesterday midday and woke up with the most unbelievable stomach ache I have ever had. Screaming in pain, hubby wanted to take me to hospital. Never felt anything like it, it was so bad I can&#039;t even put it into words, then came the nausea and then the vomiting. 2 hours later I am a crying mess and then finally got off to sleep. To add further insult there was no &#039;movement&#039; and I have felt bloated and like I have been gut punched all day. Save yourself the agony and get some prune juice."
"I have been on Benicar HTZ 40/12.5 for a little over 1 year. I have had only 1 minor side effect ( I need to urinate more often &amp; urgently) and my blood pressure is well controlled. I tried other medicines and they just didn&#039;t work. 
I signed up for the right fit program almost right away. Next month my costs will drop to $15 per 30 days.
If you are not enrolled in Medicare, Medicaid, VA, TRICARE/CHAMPUS, or any federal or state government-funded prescription program. ( I have BCBS so I qualified) then you can join the right fit blood pressure program on the Benicar site and the most you will have to pay is $25 for 30 days. I&#039;m not an advertisement or paid in anyway. I just want people to know the program is real &amp; it works!"
"I am not wanting to drink even though I have been around others that are drinking."
"Really severe side effects - if they don&#039;t improve soon I will not continue on this medication - I don&#039;t need ongoing severe nausea and dizziness (among other problems).Then there is the ridiculously complicates Saxenda Care administration system:  I was given a sample pack from my doctor and then (very expensive) prescription which is only for the Saxenda itself - not the needles ...  apparently I need to sign up for the Saxenda Care programme - which includes the bar code for the product (of course everyone carries that sort of information around with them..!!!) - my GP  apparently could not sign me up as she had given me a starter pack...  Then Saxenda Care needed to arrange delivery of the needles to a designated pharmacy for collection"
"Diagnosed with fibromyalgia I went to my doctors to discuss further help in dealing with the pain, and was immediately given Cymbalta 30 mg., no talk about my Estroven that I was taking for menopause, nothing. Found relief first two days, immediately as directed and found through the course of 3 weeks, the following interactions, irritability, more pain than ever before, which forced me to take more pain pills to combat the pain, and then finally a rash, then difficulty speaking, then finally the ultimate was massive confusion. Please be careful to those who are taking homeopathic medicines, and trying to help themselves with Fibromyalgia.  Be your own ADVOCATE and do the RESEARCH first...don&#039;t be a stastic like I almost was."
"I have been on Mybetriq for almost 4 years now, and it has been a life saver.  I tried many other overactive bladder drugs on the market with no success.  I even had an interstim implant to control my bladder.  The Mybetriq worked better than anything else and I even had my implant taken out.  The Mybetriq has everything under control and I am so thankful to have found a drug that finally worked.  I have had no side effects that often come with other drugs.  My insurance will stop covering Mybetriq as of Jan. 2017, so I am not sure what I am going to do.  Mybetriq has been my guardian angel for my bladder - I don&#039;t know where I&#039;d be without it."
"I went on Paxil a year after father died 15 years ago. I was told it was non-addictive and started on a low-mid dosage, 20mg.  It helped and was on it for about 10-12 years.  I just accepted that I needed it.  Everyone is correct about not missing doses - if I missed 2-3 days, I&#039;d get very emotional, cry at drop of a hat, etc. - which I unfortunately took as proof that I needed to stay on it - I didn&#039;t understand it was the withdrawal effects!  Over time, with ups/downs in career, I gradually increased dosages, going to 40 mg/day. In late 2010, after out of work for 2-3 years, I went back to general dr and he prescribed 60mg/day.  Within a couple months, I was in downward spiral. "
"After having a constant heart rate of 110/20 even when resting, occasional heart palpitations, anxiety, and high blood pressure,  I was put on Metoprolol success ER 25 mgs, that I half to 12.5mgs. It&#039;s been wonderful!  I am so much more relaxed, my heart rate stays around 75 to 80. Blood Pressure stays in a normal  range.
Love it!  I&#039;m female, 47, 5 2` ( 135lbs )"
"I quit smoking more than a year and a half ago after smoking more than forty five years up to and including 3-4 packs a day I have never looked back other that as I go out the door I check my shirt pocket to make sure I have my lighter and my smokes! Not! my life has changed forever for the better now that I a a non smoker"
"I&#039;ve taken this many times, usually only taking 1 and had never had any problems. This particular night I decided to try 2 as I was constipated to the point I was in pain. The following day, nothing had happened but my stomach had settled a bit however they seemed to take affect the day after. In agony, on the loo for about 2 hours. Burning up and nauseous. Suggest only take 1 if using, definitely not gentle if you take 2."
"I switched to this medication because I had problems with Orsythia which caused nausea, decreased lubrication and weight gain. Switching to Lo Loestrin has been the best change I could have made. I used to have very heavy periods. They are now light (don&#039;t even have to use a pad just a liner) and shorter (3 days as compared to 7 before). Some months I don&#039;t even get my period which I consider a bonus (3 mo is longest I&#039;ve gone without it) I have not been able to lose the weight I gained or orsythia (15lb) but no other side effects. 9/10 for me. Only reason I didn&#039;t give it 10 is because it has not significantly reduced my cramping when menstruating."
"The muscle pain was so severe at night that I was only getting an hour or two of sleep each night. The fatigue was so bad, I could hardly roll over to get off the bed or couch. I had been taking Cymbalta for nerve damage from cancer surgery so it was not helping the condition.  The rheumologist started me on Savella.  The muscle pain improved drastically although the fatigue continued for about a month. I hired a trainer and work out with stretching and weights 3 times a week and do stretching exercises every day.  I also take Zanax and Trazadone at night to sleep as the Savella also keeps me awake and hyperactive. I still have the nerve pain from the cancer surgery all the time at varying levels."
"Shaking of the legs and the tongue. TardiVe dyskinesia developed. Wasn&#039;t told about the side effects of Invega before taking the drug."
"Let&#039;s be honest guys if you have anxiety you know too well it&#039;s the only thing that helps. I&#039;ve tried several others medications for my anxiety but non of them worked so well as xanax. I&#039;ve tried Paxil Amitriptyline Zyprexa Celexa Seroquel. All of them were a waste of time. The only problem with xanax is that it is addictive and becomes really easily habit forming because it WORKS!"
"Initially helped me for around 1 1/2 years, then began to lose its potency, and last two treatments had bad reaction night of treatment.  More important platelet count went from normal to around 45,000.  No longer taking Remicade and my platelet count is normal now."
"I never intended on writing a review but I  feel that I need to share my experience.

Like many others I looked here first for reviews and saw many negative thoughts and was hesitant. I&#039;ve taken many other message and nothing worked for my anxiety.

After 3 months, I have not had a single panic attack and I used to have them almost daily.

Negative impacts are definitely the side effects. You need to be prepared. I took 3 weeks off work and suffered big time. Literally it was miserable, it was like having a hang over every day with terrible dirreah, cramps, etc.. But it goes away with time.

Every day felt like being on extacy. It&#039;s pretty crazy.

Long term side effects: trouble sleeping, vivid dreams, alcohol, and cigarette cravings."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for almost 3 months now.  The first month was bad with pain and cramping, constipation, and diarrhea alternating, and constant nausea and fatigue.  The second month my period barely showed up but I was stuck with all the cramping and spotting randomly.  My sleeping has gotten much worse.  I&#039;ve been on ambien and lunesta and doxepin, nothing really keeps me asleep.  I find that when anything goes wrong I slip into a prolonged depressive state that includes me being on the verge of tears all day every day.  The cystic acne comes at all times of the month.   I&#039;m getting this thing taken out.  Not worth it."
"Prozac worked for about a week or two. I felt very happy and pleased.  I could handle my problems, and my suicidal thoughts went away. But now, every and anytime I&#039;m sad, I have suicidal thoughts and they are worse than ever before."
"For those suffering from chapped lips from this medication I have to recommend Dr. Dan&#039;s Cortibalm. It is usually behind the counter at your pharmacy, you&#039;ll have to ask for it. It saved my life while taking Accutane."
"Am in my 60s but have had arthritis since early 40s. Arthritis is both osteo and rheumatoid.  I only take Celebrex when it&#039;s really painful especially in my hands.  Celebrex starts easing the pain immediately and within 6 hrs I feel like I&#039;m 21 yrs old again!   It is a miracle medicine for me! !!"
"no side effects, no interactions, twice a day .  I take this after having open heart surgery"
"Hey there, I wrote a post just a few days in but now I&#039;m updating. Its been 2 months. Honestly, the first month/2 months I had random terrible cramps that would last approximately 2 minutes (more like contractions than menstrual ) they&#039;d come out of no where and happen daily. I&#039;d sweat and grip my fists. Also I was bloated and just mildly cramp (like the day before your period) the whole time. Not attractive. Anyways, funny enough after a few days spotting this week my actual period has started and is 100% PAINLESS. I&#039;m serious. Crazy. No bloating or pain. If you can get past the first uncomfortable month or two, things will be great. Btw no pregnancy or uncomfortable sex for either partner. I don&#039;t feel it, he doesn&#039;t either."
"If you need this medicine it really does work wonders. I had a C. difficile infection for over a month, could barely eat or drink anything and was going to the toilet at least 15 times a day in absolute agony. Within two days of taking metronidazole my bowel movements normalized and the stomach pains started to subside. Not only that it sorted out some of the bowel issues I&#039;d had for two years. My stool was completely normal and bowel movements were pain free and I no longer experienced acid reflux. I did get headaches and some aches and pains but this was so much more tolerable than what I was like before. I can&#039;t speak for everyone but for me this medicine was like a miracle for me."
"I had extreme reactions to this medication. Dizziness, shaking, nausea, polyuria, headaches, severe sweating, lethargy. It didn&#039;t work for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking Sotalol for almost 2 years and this pill has drained my energy and I&#039;ve gained 20 lbs. I quit taking the medicine 3 days ago as the side effects are horrible."
"Keppra alone did not do anything for me except make me depressed and have &quot;Keppra rage&quot;.  I was up to 1500mg 2x a day and would still have a grand mal about every 4 months and absence seizures in between.  My neuro switched me to Topamax, Depakote and everything else but would break out in rashes or have horrible diarrhea and every other side effect.  Back to Keppra I am 2000mg 2x a day (400mg a day total) now, weighing 175 (hell of a dose) and got put on Lamictal as well up to 100mg 2x a day of that.  1 month since addition of Lamictal and higher dose of Keppra and no seizure yet.  We shall see."
"36 y.o. Was prescribed prepopik for prep for colonoscopy. I was suprised that it was only 2 ,5 oz glasses of prep when everyone complains about drinking a gallon. After one 5 oz cup it took 90 minutes for first BM. I could easily make it to the toilet. I had 3 watery BM then it stopped. 5 hours after first one I took the second dose. No BM till morning. It wasn&#039;t very bad so I was worried it wouldn&#039;t be clear for the colonoscopy, but it was great. Very easy . The drug cost me 100$ after insurance."
"Max dose needed for effect but working great . A bit of weight gain but tolerable . Helps me sleep better"
"The insertion wasn&#039;t bad. It did hurt, but I took Tylenol to help with the pain. I&#039;ve had it for about a month now. My body is still getting used to it, but it is great so far. Don&#039;t let the bad reviews stop you from getting it. Everyone&#039;s body is different."
"I had extreme nausea,  couldn&#039;t keep water down much less any kind of food. I tried 4 different medications before the diclegis. Only one of those 4 worked but I felt so drugged and I was slurring my words. I&#039;m extremely tired with the diclegis but I can keep some food and water down. I&#039;m taking 2 at night,  1 in the morning and 1 at noon.  My house is messy a lot and my 2 year old sometimes wears pajamas all day because I&#039;m so tired. It&#039;s not a perfect medicine but it&#039;s better than not being able to walk across the room without almost fainting and going to the ER once a week for IV fluids and nutrition."
"This drug, ruined my joints, chronic pain, I lost an inch in height, and my endometrosis was only gone for three years. I have gained 40 pounds, now have lost my mobility, can no longer dance or go out, im only 36 but i feel twice as old. I would Never have taken it of I had known it was a chemotherapy drug for prostate Cancer."
"I have been taking Geodon for 13 years. I was disorganized in my thinking in a mixed episode when I started taking it. It worked like a miracle for me. It made me sleepy when I would take it for a few years so I took it at bedtime; 80mg x2. I got use to it eventually. The side effect that troubles me is Low Platlettes. I was diagnosed with that shortly after starting it but my doctors don&#039;t blame the Geodon.  Has anyone ever stopped taking it after prolonged use. I feel like I may not need it anymore!"
"I just recently got this medicine for tooth pain. As I am going to dds for several issues.. My RX I 5/325. I&#039;ve noticed it minimizes the pain but doesn&#039;t take it away. I also am going g thru major nausea sometime vomiting. It makes me so tired feeling and always thirsty feeling... I may need to just stick with motrin.. I will talk to her about this when I go for my next appt on tuesday"
"I&#039;ve just started quetiapine on 100mg each night.. It&#039;s Made my 1st morning amazing whereas every other morning before I was always a manic depressive without fail. If this is how it&#039;s going to affect my days each morning I can&#039;t wait. Just to be the normal me again. No weight gain as of yet but being a size 6 in clothes I&#039;m looking forward to gaining. Hopefully on the long run this medication will help my relationship with my partner and 3 beautiful kids. "
"Have been on zoladex once a month injections for a year now. Awful side effects for the first 8 months . Terrible joint pain, hot flushes, bowel habit changes, bad mood swings, complete lack of sex drive, depression that drive me to contemplate my place on earth, lethargy . Also massive weight gain ....Over 2 stones. The plus is I now am free from periods and the horrific pain I endured. Prior to zoladex I had an ablation where they burnt off my womb lining. This was unsuccessful . Make your choice as the side effects are really awful but the pain I suffered was so life limiting . I would be screaming out in pain unable to move a muscle. Now I am pain free."
"I&#039;ve lost weight, and I have had my period non-stop (except for one 2-day break) for almost a month and a half now. I&#039;ve had a small bout of acne but it seems to be disappearing now."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for a little over 2 years now. And boy, am I just no realizing I am not crazy. A couple months ago it dawned on me that since I started taking this pill I have been super irritable, easily angered and depressed all within taking the last 2 weeks of these pill up to the white and brown ones. I spoke to my gyno before about this and she brushed it off and said it can be normal. But after my recent break up because of my mood swings, I am finally acting and getting off this pill to hopefully something better. After reading other reviews I am relieved to know I&#039;m not the only one to experience this, especially on the last 2 weeks of the pack."
"Got mirena December 2016 for heavy bleeding. I&#039;m 47. Have bled almost every day since then. This is awful. At least I&#039;m not heavily bleeding, it&#039;s light to medium. I&#039;ll give it until June then I&#039;m done. I hate it."
"I  started taking Mirapex for RLS  years ago.  Then the generic Pramipexole came on the market and I switched from Mirapex  to Pramipexole.  I started having problems with gambling which I had never had before.  I talked to my Doctor about it and she did not seem concerned. I have lost a great deal of money and have strained my relationship with my family and friends.  I hate taking it but need something for RLS"
"This is the first time my doctor prescribed this type of medication for my UTI. I have to say this was the best one by far. I had no side effects and I started feeling better after only 2 days."
"Completely takes away my anxiety but distorts my memory a bit."
"I am 21, no kids. I got the Skyla inserted in May 2015. The insertion was uncomfortable but nothing too painful. My first period with it in lasted 2 weeks. I found out that I had a 3cm cyst on my ovary when I went in to see if the IUD was in place. I have very sharp pains in my ovaries for about 3 weeks out of the month. Most of the time it is uncomfortable but rest of the time I have to stop what I am doing, curl up into a ball, and then after 15-20 seconds I can get back up and keep doing what I was doing. I am not sure if I will be keeping it in for much longer... But on the plus side, I am not pregnant."
"Hated it. 55 pound weight gain in 6 months. Completely ineffective for psychotic symptoms (delusions). Severe anxiety (prescribed 3 xanex per day to cope) and depression. Not for me."
"I used the 1 dose pack that has to be mixed in 60 ml of water worked great!"
"I have been on opioids for over 10 years and have always had a problem with constipation.  I have used several over the counter stool softeners which rarely worked. I could sometimes go almost a week before having a bowel movement. I continue to live with this issue until my doctor recommended&#039;Movantik.  He provided me with samples which I started immediately.   This drug is a miracle!!  i have had a BM almost every day.   I have not had any side effects and I feel great"
"Changed my life too.  I lost weight and feel so much better.  My case was not severe but just enough to make me feel bad.  I was not more than 15 lbs more than I should have been.  Lost all of that easily plus I am able to work stronger and more efficiently (physically).  I am so glad my doctor figured this out."
"I was prescribed sertraline for severe anxiety nearly 3 weeks ago. The first 2 weeks were awful, felt so down and even more anxious, one day I felt ok, then the next horrific. I was on 50mg then upped to 100mg after 2 weeks. After 3 days of being on 100mg, I suddenly feel a lot better. I&#039;ve gone two days without no anxiety and generally feel a lot happier. No side effects apart from minor head aches. It&#039;s been so up &amp; down but I&#039;d recommend hanging in there until it settles :-)"
"I would recommend this to anyone. I started using Zovia 1/35 in college 20 years ago for heavy periods and this fixed it! They were light, predictable, and only lasted 3 or 4 days, so great. I had virtually no side effects, just the breasts went from a B to a C. I&#039;m now 43 years old and my body is changing so this prescription is not working as well for me, I may need to switch, but it&#039;s just due to age at this point."
"Like many, I was frustrated with the medication options for type II Diabetes.  My doctor had me on Actos and Glipizide which I gained 70 pounds in one year!  I tried Byetta however was so sick on it, I couldn&#039;t continue.  I also was concerned about developed issues possibly due to Actos i.e.  shortness of breath and edema in legs.  This even concerned my doctor.  The weight gain was hurting me getting better and only made things worse and the most concerning part was my blood sugar was running around 200.  My third day on Victoza and my blood sugar is already in normal range!  Yes, 109! The first time in over 9 months.  I have not had any side effects and will hopefully lose weight."
"Amazing results! I have suffered with extreme allergies for many years. I had tried nasal sprays, over the counter allergy meds, &amp; even took the allergy shot-nothing worked until I started taking Singulair. Now I can actually smell flowers in bloom! I use it in combination with Zyrtec."
"I think this medicine is awesome!  I&#039;ve personally struggled with hearing voices since age 17 and visions since age 20.  I have been on psychotropic medications since age 14, all different types.  From age 19 I have been taking the Risperdal Consta injection until 2 months ago when I started the Invega Sustena injection.  The voices and visions are completely gone.  And, I&#039;m alot more alert than I was on Risperdal  Consta injection."
"I started taking this about five years ago for anxiety/OCD/extreme irritability (bipolar spectrum) and it is a great mood stabilizer. However, it seems all great remedies have their side effects. For me (40-something female) that meant some hair loss and memory issues. Also, I&#039;ve noticed that if I miss even one dose (I take 150 mg twice a day) I start to get really agitated and irritable, so I&#039;m afraid that it&#039;s permanently altered my biochemistry - guess I&#039;m stuck with it. I still think I&#039;m better off than the fat zombie most women become on antidepressants."
"Ok so I think that if you use this should depend on why you have constipation in the first place.   If you have it because your bowel muscles have stopped pulsating well and good.   If you have it cos you&#039;ve not been able to go to loo and your stool is now too hard and big AVOID. 

I had a major back spasm could not move for two days - bend and sit on a toilet hahaha-  then I was prescribed a muscle relaxant (diazapm/valium) which relaxes ALL your muscles...  I&#039;ve not been now for 8 days but all duculox has done for me has given me a desperate need to pass stool that&#039;s more like a brick!!!  I really needed something to make it softer  :("
"Have been on this for 3 years now. Started when I was 16. First my boobs grew rapidly 2 cup sizes. It also gained a little weight but not very much and it went away after I was on it a few months, but my breasts have remained larger. Periods are very regular with very little bleeding.  I have not always been one to practice save sex... And have had no pregnancy scares."
"I wasn&#039;t too over-weight, but my weight was clearly going to get out of hand if I didn&#039;t do something about it. I was about 30 pounds to big (197 pounds).  My goal is 167.  I asked my doctor to prescribe Qsymia; now, I&#039;m 174 after 3 months. My body weight scale just reported that I&#039;m in the &#039;normal&#039; range for BMI. I know BMI doesn&#039;t mean too much, but it felt good. I would like Qsymia to help me fend off routine eating, so I can maintain 167 for long periods of time... that&#039;s the goal at least.  
I have to buy new pants now.."
"PHYSICAL EXPERIENCE:
- Insertion hurt horribly like most people say
- Intense cramping for first 2 months
- Period gone but spotting every 2 weeks that lasts 7 - 9 days, not enough for a tampon but enough to ruin all your panties
- Bloating, hunger, acne, weight fluctuation, etc. all true
- Cramping randomly and intensely 4 - 5 times per week

EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
- Irritability and mood swings OFF THE CHARTS
- Feeling of constant weight on chest, depression, anxiety
- Trouble sleeping, insomnia, worrying
- Decreased libido, aches at thought of having sex
- When having sex I get into it &amp; it&#039;s ok but harder to orgasm

It is November 27, removal scheduled for Nov. 30th... This is not worth it.

I&#039;d rather risk pregnancy..."
"I am a 43 year old female. Doctor said I am having adrenaline rushes and that its giving me high blood pressure and a rapid heart beat. 160/100 and heart beat in 120&#039;s resting. Puts me on Azor, blood pressure came down but heart rate was still high and I was feeling like I was having anxiety attacks. Doctor decided to put me on Bystolic a week ago and the very first day I took it my heart rate came down in the 60&#039;s and it also brought my blood pressure down to 110/65 resting. My feeling of anxiety is pretty much gone and I am feeling much better. I have slight issues with waking up in the middle of the night but I seem to be able to go back to sleep pretty quickly."
"Oh man. Like everyone else, I&#039;m having terrible terrible nausea and extreme fatigue. I was prescribed 500mg 2x a day. I&#039;m on day 5 and thinking I&#039;ll just stop at this point. The side effects are too extreme. Haven&#039;t actually thrown up but certainly feel the urge to. If you have a sensitive stomach like myself, I would recommend finding another treatment if at all possible.  I&#039;m on 3 different drugs for the BV so I can&#039;t accurately say if this is working. With the extreme side effects I would sure hope so."
"I got this birth control around June of 2015. I didn&#039;t have a period for about 3 months and I had it two times and then it stopped up until around February. I would have my
period 2-3 times a month. now that I&#039;ve had it a year, I&#039;ve had my period every other week which is also interfering with my
relationship as well. my hair doesn&#039;t fall out, I haven&#039;t gained weight, but I do get moody and my face doesn&#039;t really break out like it used to before I had this. I cant say I would recommend this, but this is only the major defect I have when my doctor said this was completely normal."
"I gained 30 lbs in 4 months, which was quite depressing.  I think larger appetite was part of this. My doctor didn&#039;t say anything, but I found it frustrating. I also find it still hard to express myself (although this was a side effect of my last medicine, it is better now, but not great).  I have also found increased numbing in my arms and decrease in emotion."
"I just start Yaz almost 4 weeks ago. I am 42 years old, I have my tubes tied so I don&#039;t need this for birth control but I started having perimenapause issues and I needed something to fix my hormones asap. I actually asked for Yaz. The first three days I was extremely tired but I was also extremely chill. After day 2 things started looking better and each day after that it gets better and better. This has helped the moods quite a bit, right now the only con is that my sex drive is lower but I am going to give my body some more time to adjust to the hormones before I make any changes. I plan on taking this pill back to back to eliminate my periods. I&#039;ll check back in another month."
"I am on my 18th day and have noticed DRAMATIC results. I have gotten many compliments. My skin is very dry though and I do have very chapped lips but the redness of my skin has gone away and I barely breakout anymore. My acne was pretty severe. I had tried everything (antibiotics, creams, gels, chemical peels, facials, etc.) I was very nervous about getting on this but I love it and recommend it to everyone."
"I had extreme pain from endometriosis along with multiple surgeries including an appendectomy when a huge cyst ruptured and irritated it.  I was barely able to work due to constant doubled over pain and ruptured cyst.  Now I&#039;m on Depo, I got the shot in early January and am due at the end of March.  So far I haven%u2019t gained too much weight although I notice some water weight.  I only started spotting this month for a week, the next week was heavy bleeding, now I&#039;m back to spotting.  I just started getting a bit of acne but nothing to bad.  My beautician and I noticed some areas where my hair thinned out and my hair is already kind of thin.  I&#039;m trying the low dose for March and I&#039;m going to take Vitamin B complex to see if this helps."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot since I believe December. It sucks! The first two shots were great until the end of the second shot and coming up for my third shot. I started bleeding near the end of March and I think I received my third shot shortly after in April. I am still bleeding! The heaviness of it varies week to week. But it sucks. I&#039;ve heard it takes a while for the shot to wear off and your cycle to go back to normal after getting off the shot - i don&#039;t know how accurate that information is. But personally, I would like to say that if you don&#039;t need to take any form of birth control other than medical reasons DON&#039;T! This was a horrible decision on my part. I&#039;m done with Depo."
"After reading these reviews I finally understand  all the symptoms I&#039;ve experienced over the past year and a half. I&#039;ve had chronic yeast infections and dryness, mood swings to where I am no where near myself, and I am beginning to get random/extra periods while in the middle of my packet. My gynecologist has never suggested the link between BC and my symptoms but I am definitely calling the office tomorrow and switching my birth control immediately."
"I just got out of the hospital after my second ablation proved unsuccessful and was taken off my previous anti-arhythmic Sotalol which seemed to be less effective for months in its generic form. Anyway, with Tikosyn I noticed a difference in how I felt pretty quickly and am hoping this trend continues. I had been on Betapace for 15 years and have had 4 ICDs/ Pacemakers after being diagnosed with an idiopathic DCM in 1996 and surviving 3 cardiac arrests now. As far as I am concerned, the difference in my heart rhythm and how I feel thus far is the MIRACLE I have been waiting for. It has been years since I felt this good, and someone who is 44 SHOULD be able to feel this good (I was 28 when diagnosed). I think this medicine is definitely worth the risks!"
"My cholesterol was 520 initially and lowerd to 250 in 8 months."
"I attempted staying on sertraline 3 times before I could handle it. The first time I took it in the morning. Bad choice. I was in a fog, my thought process was extremely slow and was paranoid that those I interacted with might notice the slow thought process. You get a kind of headache as if you were injected with a numbing shot in the head. Not like anything I&#039;ve felt before. I had to give it a third shot after an embarrassing public anxiety attack. I never wanted to experience that again so stood my ground through side effects after reading reviews. So far I&#039;ve noticed less foggy side affects. Headaches seem to come around in the evening, but are manageable. I&#039;m a lot more relaxed. Moods are stable and positive. Anxiety is under control."
"I had C-4,5,6,7 fusion that went awry when they accidentally hit my spinal cord. I was originally put on 75&#039;s but my feet would hurt so bad in the morning. I read that it was due to too much in my system so I had them lower my dose to 25mg. But I put a new one on every 48 hrs. (leave them in place for 72) so I am basically putting a patch on every other day. I wear them on my chest area so they don&#039;t get rubbed a lot and tend to stay in place."
"Zomig has been the most helpful triptan in aborting a migraine.  The only negative side effects are frequent urination after taking the drug and extreme drowsiness."
"I was found to have type 2 diabetes early in pregnancy. I was previously on a low carb diet that had worked well for me but was advised by my diabetes clinic to increase carbs and whole grains because it would benefit the baby. As soon as I began eating bread, rice and pasta I began to swell up and started having headaches. I was given a glucose test which was very high and my Doctor was preparing to put me on insulin. I was convinced that it was the high intake of sugar (carbs) that had got me into this situation so asked for a week to try and sort it out myself. I cut down on carbs and I improved within 2 days. I now take Metformin 500mg twice daily but cannot eat bread, sugar, white rice or white flour."
"This medication has saved my life, I feel so relaxed on zoloft. Works extremely well for anxiety, panic disorders. Makes me drowsy but otherwise its great, I would recommend this."
"I went on depo for two shots (6 months). When the first shot started wearing off there was an incredible amount of blood. Thank goodness it was near the end of the work day and I was wearing black pants, the amount of blood was beyond what I ever thought I could bleed. When the shot started wearing off (happening right now) the amount of blood that I am bleeding is extreme; soaking an entire pad in an hour for the past four days. If this continues I am going to have to go to the doctor regarding the amount of blood loss. I don&#039;t plan on going on the shot again."
"Excellant , keeps my blood pressure down"
"I&#039;ve been on Suboxone since November 2009 it was the best thing that has ever happened to me. My boyfriend and I became addicted to pain killers together. I had only been taking them for about a year and half but my tolerance went through the roof, last summer I was taking about 20 pills a day and I had enough so I took myself to rehab and I have been on Suboxone since. I couldn&#039;t believe this happened to me but it can happen to anyone! Just recently I found out I am pregnant and very excited. I had the option of detoxing off of Suboxone or switching to Subutex. I wasn&#039;t sure so my primary doctor told me Subutex. So I chose Subutex but I cannot stand the taste of it and being sick everyday due to the pregnancy makes it even worse to dissolve."
"I would never recommend implanon (the rod) as a form of contraception to anybody, I have had mine in almost for the full 3 year term as I was on the pill and kept forgetting to take it, as I was only 18 at the time I needed some form of contraception so I came across implanon. It all sounded well and good but the whole time its given me nothing but grief. I have put on 10kgs, sometimes I don&#039;t have my period for 2 months then other times it will be every week on and off heavy bleeding, I am so lethargic and never feel like going anywhere or doing anything and I&#039;ve also been diagnosed with anxiety since being on this.  The headaches are constant! I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET IT OUT! WOULDNT RECCOMEND TO ANYBODY! especially young girls!"
"Well, I just spent 24 hours doubled over in pain after taking my first dose of Junel Fe 1/20.  Never again- I&#039;m done!!

I used birth control for 3 years without a problem, having stopped about 5 years ago.  I decided to start again after my boyfriend moved in with me.  My gynocologist prescribed this low dose pill because I expressed an interest in having as few side effects as possible.

I took my first one yesterday at 4pm, and was having extremely bad cramps by 5:30pm.  They became progressively worse.  I woke up at 2am and 4am to vomit.  I have felt dehydrated and dizzy all day.  I seriously could not even keep water down.  Now that its been 24 hours, I&#039;ve finally been able to swallow a few sips of water.  So long Junel Fe!  1 and done."
"I have been on Arava for three years now.  I have not had any adverse side effects.  Every so often my thumb hurts and I have to use a pain cream but that is my only complaint."
"&quot;Took prep kit as recommended. Made sure the bottles were in the fridge overnight. Drank with cold water and a big straw. Made sure I was thirsty. Held my nose too.  While mixture is not the best tasting, it is at least drinkable. Followed the prep with 32oz of water right away. Sucked on a lemon. Helped a tad to get rid of the taste. Bowel movement began within 45 mins of completing both preps and lasted for about 1.5-2hrs.&quot;"
"I started Victoza in September 2017 and have lost 40 pounds.  I&#039;m thrilled with the weight loss however I continue to experience vomiting and diarrhea. Anything with red sauce is a big no for me. Can anyone recommend foods that they find are easy to manage? Any feedback is helpful. Thank you for your time..."
"I have been on Nuvaring for a year now and it is the most effective and worry free method of BC I have ever used. I did gain some weight on it but I&#039;m a stressed out college student. while I think the ring is great has had some adverse side effects for me personally. I have terrible back pain with my periods even thought they are short lasting 3-4 days. I have such a decreased sex drive and it is so affected and sometimes puts a strain on my relationship, (I have been with him for 3 years so he&#039;s been thru the BC changes and has noticed himself)..and the ring has probably made my aniexty worse, I did not have anxiety problems until using the ring, they are mild episodes but still annoying to have. havent gotten pregnant so it&#039;s good for that"
"Terrible - depression, mood swing, highs and lows, uncontrollable moods, went to emergency room for possible DVT turned out to be nothing... I have spotted everyday taking this pill last two months and have pink discharge after sex."
"I had Psoriasis on my elbows and i was prescribed daivonex it does the job as in, it gets rid of it, but as soon as I stop using it the Psoriasis returns. To be expected I think.

It works in short."
"It&#039;s an effective medicine for gas."
"My story; I hope it gives strength &amp; even though you feel like shit now with the RIGHT TREATMENT &amp; DOSE YOU WILL GET BETTER. In a nutshell; abusive relationship, court case &amp; bullying at work which resulted in me resigning. My &quot;genious&quot; GP thought it would be good for me to stop immediately my antidepressants (for anxiety). I got discontinuation syndrome. I fell into a deep depression &amp; felt mentally unstable reporting to A&amp;E twice. I was terrified &amp; spent weeks just lying on the floor to stop me topping myself (totally out of character). Sertraline was given to me 50mgs increasing by 25mgs every 6 weeks until I reached 200mgs. 252 days of hell... but within 2 days on 200mg I immediately felt a change &amp; hope - at last I was in recovery :)"
"I had the Implanon put in February 2012 and it&#039;s been almost a month now and I&#039;ve been spotting non-stop. I had a very light period after having it inserted but the spotting drives me nuts! I&#039;ve been having to buy tampons every couple of weeks and it&#039;s getting quite expensive. I&#039;m hoping my body is just trying to regulate and this won&#039;t be a problem for the next 3 years."
"I developed a tumor 6 yrs ago because of a temporary lack of oxygen and since then I have suffered severe, debilitating migraines that last for days. I&#039;ve been through several neurologists trying to get help and have been on very strong medications that mess with my brain chemistry to little alleviating effect. The neurologist I currently have began giving me nerve block injections in nerve bundles near the base of my skull every few months. They are very painful &amp; only last about 8 weeks, sometimes longer if I&#039;m lucky. During my last round he gave me Fioricet to try to prolong the time between shots. I have to say it works wonders. I only take 1 and can actually function. If it returns I simply take another! That&#039;s all I need for weeks, at times."
"I started this medication after I basically had a nervous breakdown in June 2013. I couldn&#039;t function as a mother, I felt scared &amp; nervous all the time, lights were too bright, sounds were too loud. I couldn&#039;t deal with all of the things that needed to be done around the house. Started out at 30mg for 2 weeks then went up to 60mg. Made me super tired in the afternoons at first. (take around 7am). Cymbalta slowly brought me out of the &#039;fog&#039; I was in, it took about 6-8 weeks before I could say I felt &#039;normal&#039; again; whatever that is, right? "
"I am also the first one in my pain clinic to try Savella. It has helped me so far. My pain is a little better. I just hope it continues."
"Went from 8.5 hemoglobin to 11 and then back to 9 after 5 months of weekly injections of 40000 units. Did not work for me."
"I had a negative experience with this pill. I took it for a year, and while it effectively served the purpose of preventing pregnancy, that&#039;s the only positive thing I have to say about it. I experienced side effects of depression and suicidal thoughts, anxiety and a panic attack, frequent breakthrough bleeding, breast tenderness, and weight gain of 10 pounds. I am not prone to weight gain and haven&#039;t had this issue or emotional issues with the other 2 birth control pills I&#039;ve taken. I would advise extreme caution in proceeding with taking this pill. I should have read the reviews before I took it."
"Was on Sprintec from 04/16-10/16. Gave me panic attacks . I would shake violently, feel chest pains and shortness of breath. I always had shortness of breath and I always felt very irritated and stressed out for no reason. Periods heavy and painful. It gave me very clear skin and it prevented pregnancy. Went off the pill 10/2016, my scalp hair fell out rapidly. I was diagnosed with androgenetic alopecia, or female pattern baldness, in 04/17. This is despite the fact that I have NO family history of pattern baldness. My hair is half as thick as it was last year. Scalp is always smelly and oily. I think Sprintec messed up my hormones and now I am producing extra testosterone and, thus more DHT and now I have &quot;pattern baldness&quot;. AVOID!"
"I have been taking this for 4 months and I have lost 30 pounds..It makes me not hungry and energy"
"Diagnosed ADHD, Bipolar, Major Depression, GAD, Panic disorder. Have been on Saphris 5 mg at night for 1 week. After the first dose I could tell a huge difference in my mood. For the first time in months I woke up in a great mood. After a few days, I knew I was no longer in mania. Which I&#039;ve been in for at least 4 mths. My thinking is back to normal. The only problem I&#039;m having is keeping my mood stabilized. When I take it at night it puts me to sleep in 15 min. No longer using sleeping meds. For one week of use I think it&#039;s a great medicine."
"I&#039;ve been on the lupron shot for almost 2 years now the first six months were the hardest I woke up tired icky feeling and puked. I lost my appetite lost a lot of weight and it made my insomnia worse and my urge to pee worse especially at night. Once the nausea settled and my appetite came back the other side effects were easy to cope with on top of the side effects from the implanon. I haven&#039;t bleed at all and had no pain. I got off it for 3 months and some of my shooting pain came back but no bleeding so I got put back on it. I just decided to take a break and I&#039;m crampy and starting to spot. My obgyn said I shouldn&#039;t have pain like I was before so we shall wait and see since the lupron is working my medicaid wont let me have a lap to see what stage my endometriosis is"
"This medicine is a waste of money. I pay $136.00 for 8 of these pills. I follow the directions, using them at bedtime. This is perfect since I don&#039;t generally get up during the night to use the bathroom. However, when I wake up in the morning the first thing I do is use the bathroom. Why is that ding dong pill in the toilet? I have tried pushing it further back into the vaginal and its still the same results. I am skeptical of meds that lie in place for hours on. It has not improved my condition at all but empty my purse. Not refilling the prescription. This morning I found after not seeing the pill when I first went to the bathroom, I thought well it is finally working. WRONG! 9:00 bathroom break, what do I see? That stupid pill."
"Here is my experience with 10+ years of taking Paxil. It did a good job controlling anxiety in combination with Lorazepam 4x daily. But there was a huge cost to taking Paxil. I gained 10lbs for every 10mg of Paxil I took for a total of 40lbs gained slowly over years.  Also, erectile disfunction became a problem. Finally, about 2 years ago, because of insurance change, I had to change psychiatrists. My new psychiatrist asked me if I had noticed side effects of weight gain and sexual dysfunction while on  Paxil. I had no idea my weight gain was related to Paxil. He weaned me off Paxil an on to Prozac. I lost 40 lbs in 6 mos without trying. Prozac works  just as well with my anxiety. Perhaps Paxil isn&#039;t the right choice for some people."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for about 2 years now. The worst part is the irregular periods, I was on the pill before and my period was like clock work. The first couple of periods were heavy and 2 or 3 weeks long. But I do love not worrying about taking something everyday, or refilling rx&#039;s."
"Been on various birth controls since I was 15 due to painful periods and anemia. My first 2 experiences with birth control were with the pill,  I was on the 3 month kind for around a year, and after the first cycle I had constant spotting, and on my final scheduled period before changing I bled so bad I passed out . Never had kids before, and I&#039;m a very tiny person( 5&#039; 5&#039;&#039; and 105lbs ) so my doctor was slightly worried about the pain, but we still decided this IUD was what we wanted. I&#039;m going to be honest, it hurt like anything to get put in, and I did end up throwing up a few times throughout the day, but after day 3 I was fine. Been 3 months now and I&#039;ve had no period and never been better!"
"This bc is horrible. Going into my 3rd month and I havent stopped bleeding yet. So much for the no months."
"This is the only epileptic medication that works 100% for me without side effects."
"I had an extremely painful bladder infection and this medication worked by day 3. ...........I&#039;m on day 6   now, one more day to go,  The only side effect I had was feeling tired and achey but I slept more which helped. Also extreme anxiety from reading the scary reviews  on here lol. This medicine saved me from a  kidney infection."
"I&#039;ve been taking lo loestrin fe for about two years now. I haven&#039;t had any horror stories with it, but I am switching. For the positive side, I never get my period and I haven&#039;t gained/lost weight. On the negative side, I constantly have unbearable headaches and I have absolutely no sex drive."
"I have always been an anxious person with major bouts of anxiety and OCD. But have always managed to keep it under control - except for a few months ago.
I had tried healthy eating, CBT, exercise, yoga, positive affirmations, acupuncture and more....nothing seemed to work for me.
Doctor suggested Lexapro and I was so so reluctant as I HATE the idea of antidepressants! And I wasn&#039;t even depressed!!!! :(
BUT - I started... 2.5mg at first. Then after one week upped to 5mg - which I am on now. PROS: Feel a lot better, sleep great, calm, no weight gain
CONS: Not much energy, little lack of sex drive.
I wanted to come off it first but PLEASE hang in there!! It actually works!
Goodluck and wishing you all the happiness that I have on Lexapro xxxx"
"I had Skyla inserted 6 months ago and I like it.  The insertion was uncomfortable and somewhat painful.  I did bleed for a few days after but nothing outside of the normal. I will say now, my cycle is all out of whack. It&#039;s irregular and super light to the point where I only use a pantyliner.  This does freak me out because I&#039;m always papranoid about getting pregnant while using Skyla and not knowing it.  I think I know my body well enough to know I&#039;m not, but you know your mind gets the best of you.  Overall, I love not having to remember a pill everyday... I have a 2 year old thanks to BC pills so no thank you. IUD is definitely better!"
"It totally works.   I got this from a pedicure and for four years I did lamisal and a laquer cicloporix and it kept coming back I&#039;ve used jublia for a year and my nail is clear.   I will never have a pedicure again.  I have 3 bottles left and I am not sure if I should keep using it or stop now.  I just don&#039;t want it to come back. By the way I never skipped one application."
"At age 54 failed my bone density had lost 20% of my bone mass in One year. I Participated in two blind studies and increase calcium an d intake.
At end of studies found I had the placebos but had some positive results but not enough. 
Had my first Reclast yearly infusion 2012 no side effects and regained 10% of lost bone at bone scan.  Had second yearly infusion this past October again no side effects hoping for another positive scan in May."
"I tried everything. EVERYTHING. Finally, something that works for me, but it took a few days to kick in--probably because I was so constipated. After that, I&#039;ve have a great experience. Regular for the first time in over 40 years! I would give this a 10 except it does give me a tiny bit of nausea, especially in the morning. It is pretty minor compared to the pain and bloating of chronic constipation. No bloating! The major drawback is the cost and the fact that insurance is so picky about covering it...and will only do so for a limited amount of time. "
"I was backed up due to pain meds. Very uncomfortable. Took a full/big dose of MoM and drank a bunch of water. About 2-3 hours later, I had the most explosive diarrhea. It was AMAZING. I went from thinking I might have to go to ER to practically crying tears of joy and relief on the toilet while peeing out of my butt!!! Highly recommend this product to anyone who feels irregular . No cramps, no bad side effects. Just make sure you are near a toilet after you take it!!! Amen!"
"I work nights and need the sleep during the day. I no longer feel like a Zombie as I am getting some solid sleep."
"I have BPH and wish to avoid TURP surgery. My urologist did ultrascans, CT scans, nuclear renal scans, etc. I have urine retention and that has led to one kidney having swelling.  He ordered intermediate cathing. Have been doing that for 2 months now. My bladder is voiding to 0 and retention is capped at 300-350 cc. More scans indicate my kidneys are doing fine now.  

I started Rapaflo with Finasteride before cathing. It did not help void my bladder. So we moved to cathing. I have no urge to pee unless my bladder has over 400 cc. So Rapaflo/finasteride does not seem to be working.  I do have retrograde ejaculation. Surely, Rapaflo is causing it. 

Urologist says keeping taking R+F as it might take time. Meanwhile int cathing is the plan."
"After cataract surgery took Vigamox and two other eyedrops. I have had difficulty urinating and some burning in the urethra . I did some research and found that this was a possible, but not common side effect. It&#039;s been two weeks so I will stop this medication, it&#039;s almost gone anyway, and see what happens."
"This pill is horrific. I have been on it for only a few days and it&#039;s making me feel super emotional and depressed and I have never felt this way before. I will no longer be taking this and need to find something to switch to."
"I have been using this medicine for about 6 months. I had 1 toenail on each foot affected. It causes swelling in my ankles and knee.  I have seen an improvement on my left foot but not that much on my right, but I used it for the same amount of time. It is swelling my feet too much. I will be stopping the use of it today. My doctor wanted me to hang in there with it. But I can not walk with this product. I switched to putting it on at night, I thought that would help the swelling but it has not. Too difficult to walk with the swelling."
"I take 8 10/325 Norco and two time released Opana ER 20 a day and the Norco helped for years alone, I have bowel problems joint and back problems. I just want to have a normal day to get up and care for my family. I don&#039;t drink or abuse medicines but I&#039;m thankful for what relief I get from my medicines."
"I am a 26 year old female who has neuropathy throughout her entire body (happened following surgery likely due to anesthesia, awful!). I have bad reactions to seizure medicines, this one being the worst- along with Trileptal.  This made me a complete lunatic.  I was anti social, scared to be around anyone but my mother, had a migraine for 3 days while taking, was angry- an absolute monster.  If you are a female and younger in age, I would suggest trying this medication with a good support system (mother or significant other) who can be with you at all times just in case you react like I did."
"I took this medication in liquid form, when I had strep throat, and it was very helpful in reducing painful coughs."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for about 3 years now as my period was very irregular and sometimes even got it twice a month...Yaz has absolutely changed my life it&#039;s been controlling my menstruations it&#039;s perfectly on time according to my pills I&#039;ve never had any weird side effects and it&#039;s also helped with the cramping a bit but not as much as the control it offers over your period.!
Very happy!!"
"This is the only medicine that I&#039;ve tried that controls my endometriosis symptoms. It has been a MIRACLE. The first shot caused intense hunger that lasted about a month. But I have not experienced any weight gain and have in fact lost 10 pounds with diet and exercise while on depo. The first month also caused some bad adult acne but I got that under control with acne washes. I&#039;ve had some occasional light spotting that requires an ultra thin pad for a day or two. There was 1 bad period when I was due for the second shot, but since then, I haven&#039;t had any periods at all. It&#039;s been 6 months and this shot allows me to live a normal life, make plans, and work a normal job without having to miss numerous days."
"I had a positive  experience , was effective"
"I had unprotected sex no excuses for my reckless behavior. Took the pill 3 hours later and was extremely afraid of the possibility of ending up pregunte. Lucky for me my period came 11 days early. I felt no side affects and nothing felt differente. The pill is extremely useful. If you are reading this don&#039;t stress. I&#039;m extremely glad for this pill!"
"To make my story short, I suffered from Generalized Anxiety Disorder and severe panic attacks in high school. After a couple of years of psychiatric help (no medicines at the time) I was able to live a complete free panic attack life for more than 13 years. Suddenly, after two important job transfers and a couple of personal set backs, the GAD returned along with severe panic attacks that led to the hospital a couple of times. Anxiety/Panic Attacks became so severe that I was simply not capable of performing my job nor having a social life and took a plane home thinking of quitting. Fortunately, I was convinced by my doctor to take Lexapro (10mg)... what a life changer. Positive effects began to kick in 3 to 4 weeks (activation symptoms did occur for 2 weeks)."
"I had my first shot and the first three months were fine. After the second shot I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding. When I was due for my third shot my doctor advised against having it. It should have worn off by now. I am still bleeding, now five months after my second shot, it feels like it is never going to stop."
"Got it prescribed to try and stop particularly heavy and long lasting periods. I also suffer from breast pain. The Mirena has stopped my period, which is a good thing, however I still get the severe breast pains and moodiness associated with pre-menstrual time, and have completely lost any sex drive. Also feeling ravenous and putting on weight (two dress sizes in a year)."
"I would not be alive now if not for Klonopin, nor would I have been able to complete Graduate school. Anyone who has had panic disorder that literally freezes your mind and body into a state of never ending terror know. You are sure you will die. Mine started at age 28. I have been taking a low dose; 1 mg per day - 0.5 morning and before bed. If I feel one coming on I take 1 mg of Ativan - happens a few x a month. Those who say it&#039;s as horrible and addictive as Heroin? Likely using it for generalized anxiety and increase irresponsibly .Those of us who suffer from the physical and mental terror of panic disorder and take the medication carefully - it&#039;s hard to hear others saying how dangerous it is. Anything misused is dangerous."
"I&#039;m on day 4 and the stomach pain has not subsided, being H-pylori positive.  The drugs put a TERRIBLE taste in my mouth. Even during sleep, the bad taste wakes me up and makes me want to gag. I&#039;ve been eating lemon drops and candy to help keep it washed back down."
"Amazing.. I had cervical Dystonia from an allergic reaction to a drug when I was a kid and have been dealing with it and the pain half my life. It has stopped me from being active among with other conditions I have had. Since doing botox I haven&#039;t thrown my back or neck out, my pain has lessened and my quality of life has increased ten fold. I just got another shot (we are still figuring out my exact amount) and have been doing it for close to a year now. It takes time to reach the right amount and they don&#039;t want to give you too much early due to severe side effects of paralysising your muscles and causing a droop in neck or hard to swallow which can last several weeks or longer. I think I am close to finding my sweet spot. Don&#039;t give up!"
"I&#039;ve been on Yasmin nearly one month and my skin has improved so much! I&#039;m so happy! I feel so much more confident my skin still has a few spots but literally nothing compared to what it was like before! About to go on my Seven day break so hopefully it doesn&#039;t break me out but so far I&#039;m really impressed the only down side is my moods have been all over and I have been up and down it was really bad when I first started on it but it seems to be settling down now! For me it was worth going through that to help my skin because it affected my confidence!"
"My Dr put me on Generess Fe after I had tried Loestrin 24 and Lo-Ovral. I was impressed that a lower dose pill worked for me. The first 5 or 6 months I experienced some spotting mid month, but it wasn&#039;t unbearable and eventually subsided. My periods became very regular and light. They still last a full week, but are light enough that it doesn&#039;t hinder me. I experience very little cramping and mood change. I feel hungry alot and my libido could be better. However, after having a miserable experience with Nuvaring, I am calling my doctor and going back on Generess Fe. By far, this has been my favorite birth control pill."
"It was my only option due to extremely bad side effects with other birth controls especially issues with my Pmdd. My periods before the IUD were heavy 7-8 day flow heaviest days 1-5. Insertion hurt, like the worst rippling cramping you&#039;ll ever experience. This last hours after. I never had cramps prior to the IUD. The first period was the worst, thought I was dying. Clots the size of my palm and blood lost profusely. In retrospect I should of went to the hospital. Bleeding heavy lasted longer than 6 months but I stuck it out. cramps every month prior to period and still present a yr in. Clots stopped around month 9.1 yr and a month Ive had it. Cramping still and its sucks but I dont have any other option... so I rough it out every mon"
"my bf had hives for 3 weeks.  more often than not.  claritan did really nothing.  Allegra nothing.   benedryl helped some.  I was scared he&#039;d have a anaphylaxis reaction.  I bought him vit.  c, b, d, quercitin, probiotic.  a dao enzyme.  and nothing was working great.  today is Monday 611 pm.  he started zyrtec sat at 11am.  he has red huge hives on his back and legs and arms .  well I&#039;m happy to say...the zyrtec seems to be working..  they are gone.  we&#039;ve  even eating normal and he&#039;s even had a couple of drinks.  also he&#039;s taking pepcid.   but it&#039;s been over two days of no hives.  I think the zyrtec is a miracle."
"I originally started this medication due to chronic migraines caused by hormonal imbalance. When I first started the pill my acne had reached its worst. I told myself to stick it through, it was the only thing helping the prevention of my headaches and migraines. In the 3rd month my skin completely cleared. My boobs went from just fitting a D 32 to DD 34! I gained no weight from it, still had my sex drive, and it did a very good job of keeping me from getting pregnant. It also made my period lighter, less painful, &amp; 3 days shorter. I remained on the pill for about a year and a half before I started experiencing bad nausea everytime I missed a pill &amp; also got really bad anxiety in the end. Had to stop taking it eventually. Miss my boobs but not the nausea or anxiety"
"Terrible. I remember being extremely moody, tired, nauseous and got headaches when I first started. It eventually evened out; however, my face broke out and if I missed a pill and had to take two I would vomit profusely. Also I got spotting mid cycle. I finally decided to go off it and just after stopping it I got awful cramps and nausea. Weeks later I&#039;m finally starting to feel like myself."
"The pill gave me aura migraines and mood swings and my period wasn&#039;t any better, in fact my cramps got worse, bleeding was still the same. I wanted to try the IUD but my doctor is an airhead and couldn&#039;t get it in, so I settled with the patch. I honestly couldn&#039;t tell if it was working the first couple of months because I had no side effects like nausea or headaches. And I was a little leery about hormones coming from a sticker you put on your skin...but 7 months later, no baby, so it must be working. I went off it for a month because my prescription refill got messed up and I went back on as soon as I got another box and I seriously could not tell the difference between having these on and not using any birth control at all. Loving it!"
"I am a 30 year old female that has had Panic Disorder with Agoraphobia, Emetophobia, and Social Phobia for the last 20 years. I have been on several medications (Seroquel, Depakote, Celexa, Wellbutrin, Paxil, Effexor, Topamax, and now Zoloft) throughout the years combined with therapy to help with these issues. I started Zoloft July 2015 and had terrible nausea from it. It was the most intense burning sensation in my stomach, even after taking it with food. I was on it for 3 months, ranging from 12.5mg to 50mg. Nausea didn&#039;t go away and didn&#039;t help any of my disorders. I am now on Lexapro and have great results. I wouldn&#039;t recommend Zoloft."
"I hallucinated on the tablet, I took it at night and was laughing inappropriate for a long time and my head was half in a disco and half tired. If I wasn&#039;t recorded I would not have known"
"Began Topamax in 2005 after suffering from migraines that would last for weeks.  The litany of side effects is true, and its nickname, &quot;Stupamax&quot; is honestly earned.  Word recall, memory, trouble focusing, hand numbness, fatigue, insomnia, the works.  But number of days with headaches went from 21 to 9 the very first month.  Now, after years of taking it, my body has been depleted of vitamin B12, and I have been suffering from horrible GI troubles.  However, none of my doctors seemed to link Topamax to the B12 depletion.  It took Google to figure that one out. But thank you to Google and B12 supplements.  I hope this helps someone else relieve any issues they&#039;ve been experiencing. "
"I have been on Celexa since January of this year and the medicine has been awesome. Stress, anxiety and panic attack free. Celexa gave me my life back. I was scared to take it at first because of all the stuff I read on the Internet. My advice to anyone starting any SSRI is not to read all the horror stories on the internet. It will just make it worse, believe me. All I can say is I never want to go back to the way it was. That being said if I have to take Celexa the rest of my life so be it."
"colchicine really helped my gout flares when I took the 2 pills followed by 1 more pill but I also had some side effect.  my stomach hurt and I felt dizzy.  I am type II diabetic and my blood sugar levels were higher on the day I took colchicine.  My dr prescribed a daily dose of colchicine and I only took that for a short time.  I really had a terrible reaction to the daily dose.  I will continue to take it for sporadic gout attacks."
"Worked good for me for many years."
"Works great"
"I started taking this in August of this year, and the first period I had after starting this bc was excruciating. I had severe cramping, swollen &amp; painful breasts, and bloating like crazy. I stuck it out because I know with bc you have to give it a few months to let your body adjust. My periods leveled out, but I only made it 4 months before I had to go back and request something else. My anxiety was exacerbated, depression came back, was extremely emotional, constantly hungry (gained weight because of that), went up 2 cup sizes due to swelling &amp; weight gain, and was bloated all the time. It was a nightmare. It did prevent pregnancy though, so there&#039;s that. I&#039;ve felt totally normal since switching to the mini pill. This just wasn&#039;t for me."
"I was on this medicine for about a year. I had weird side effects. But then I developed blood clots in my lungs (pulmonary emboli) that almost killed me. Dr&#039;s think that it was this pill that caused it.  I now have lung damage."
"I&#039;ve been on Portia for about a month now my period is extremely heavy although that&#039;s normal for me. I noticed that it makes me very tired which I really dislike because I&#039;m a very active person. I&#039;m constantly nauseous and I mean constantly. I&#039;m into fitness and I gained 6 freaking pounds. I get headaches more than usual as well. I know these are normal side effects but I am really not liking this birth control so far. I used Lavora until they discontinued it and put me on Portia I never had problems with it like Portia."
"this med was added to a low dose of SSRI and it did the trick to practically eliminate my depression and cover what the SSRI could not do. it gave me more energy, increased my mood, did not make me anxious or irritable which I was concerned about initially. Lost 3 lbs in the first month b/c my energy was back up to normal levels. (I take 150 mg of the WB XL) Research also shows that a SSRI + WB is an excellent treatment. all three neurotransmitters needed for depression treatment are raised (serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine). I&#039;m a person in recovery as well so I do think the dopamine from the WB can help folks like me since that is what is often raised when we drink or drug. WB is the only drug on the market that targets dopamine."
"This medicine has done wonders for me. I have had two injections of Feraheme with no side effects. It gave me back a quality of life."
"I first started Junel for my periods because I experienced heavy bleeding that would last for days. I never had awful acne but my skin was not super clear, with the first months of being on it my acne was so bad! But now after 11 months my skin is super clear and smooth! Even though my periods are less bleeding and less days, I have had a lot of side effects! I work out regularly and eat healthy yet I have gained over 10 lbs from when I first started talking this, my mood switches too often and I usually feel mad a lot of the time, and my face and hair has became extremely oily and greasy within the last few months. I do not think it has been worth it!"
"This medication is a God send. My irritable bowel syndrome had gotten so bad that anything but water would trigger an attack. I couldn&#039;t go to school or karate, it was stressful thinking about leaving the house.
With Lotronex I can now do all things I couldn&#039;t. I don&#039;t have to worry about where the closest bathroom is, I can enjoy myself. I am so glad my insurance authorized this medication."
"This greatly helps my depression and anxiety so far of been on them  a month and  its good. Anyone dealing with the same symptoms should give it a shot."
"I have suffered depression and PTSD for a long time.  I ate ativan like tictacs and tried many other anti-depressants (prozac, escitlaopram, etc. all of which had very negative effects on me and which I discontinued after trial periods).  Last year was a significant year for me with huge outside stressors adding pressure.  Long story short, doc put me on wellbutrin. I didn&#039;t notice anything at first, but I noticed after a couple weeks the black dog was going away and then I gradually became emotionally flatter and could go weeks without crying.  Great stuff.  I will be on it for life.  Con:  As another poster stated; bad and scary quick rebound depression when you quit (ran out and was away so could not renew scrip)."
"I have had GERD for years now. I started out taking Prilosec, but it started making me burp a lot and it would just absolutely hurt. My doctor switched me to Protonix and that has helped so much. I take 40 mgs twice a day. I don&#039;t burp nearly as much and food doesn&#039;t creep back up and into my mouth like it did so much either. I also take Zantac at night, but it still had helped a lot even before then. It&#039;s been such a relief. I didn&#039;t get any side effects from it either. I take it 30 minutes before breakfast and 30 minutes before lunch."
"I gave my first shot of trulicity .75
Last Wednesday evening.  By Friday I was absolutely sick to my stomach, accompanied by nausea. Finally took nausea medication whiched helped. But later threw up. I have had severe diarrhea any time I eat something. Burping all day and Sunday I could barely get out of bed my energy was not there and my body ached. Unfortunately my 2 kids don&#039;t understand so up and out of house I went to buy a Gatorade and I actually felt better after drinking a little. I&#039;m afraid to take my dose tomorrow cause im not sure I can deal with another week of these side effects... But they said to keep with it and your body will adjust.. any advice if this is true?"
"My daughter used Tretin-X for 3 months and had no significant improvement in her acne condition. She used moisturizer and 70 SPF sunscreen everyday, but her face burned very easily while using this product."
"I started saxenda on 09/19. I have just moved up to  my 1.8 dose today. I have lost 9 pounds as of today (2 weeks later). I have had mild nausea when I take it but I take it before bed so it&#039;s not a big deal. I kept myself on my same high protein low carb diet. I am excited to see how it all works out. Good luck to all of you and I hope it all works out for you!"
"this medicine helps my depression and also my add. I am sometimes not able to focus and this medicine makes it easy to focus."
"I got my first shot november 18th 2015.  My doctor gave it me while I had already been spotting for about 3 days. The spotting went on for a week more stopped for 3 days and started again for 12 days. Stopped for 11 days started again on decmeber 23 and it hasn&#039;t stopped since. My 2nd injection is scheduled for feb 4th. If I don&#039;t get it will the spotting stop or will it get worse ?"
"I also suffer from bipolar 1 disorder and chronic pain. The drug so far has made me eerily calm and it&#039;s almost like I&#039;m high all the time. So far so good... It has calmed my mania down since I am rapid cycling. Also my short term memory hard been affected.

I am a Veteran as well."
"I am 25 and stuggle with RLS it is horrible! I&#039;m always tired barely sleep and am down alot due to lack of sleep. When I finish work I can&#039;t relax or unwind. I have tried everything! Tramadol are the ONLY thing that work for hours (A bath can last about 20 mins) They relax me and after about half an hour or so I dont have that horrible feeling in my legs.  If you have RLS try this it works wonders for me"
"Started on this med low and slow as I am sensitive to medicine.  Had to increase up and no relief.   Increased 3 times and still no relief.  Did not do much for me but give it a chance.  I took it for over six months.  Many others report excellent results with it"
"I had been suffering form severe knee pain after undergoing a knee surgery. After using this pain relief medication Celebrex I am comfortable. This medication is an wonderful medication for pain relief."
"I&#039;ve been on Sronyx for about 4 weeks now. The 2nd week into it I was extremely moody and emotional. I&#039;ve always been physically active, but lately its made me lethargic. It definitely increased my appetite and now that I&#039;m on my fourth week, I&#039;m extremely bloated."
"Yasmin changed my life!

For the past year or so I started breaking out due to hormones (it only happened the week before my period) &amp; getting HORRIBLE PMS. About 2-3 days before my period, I would get very irritable and grouchy, to the point where it affected my work and social life.

I went to my doctor with these problems &amp; she recommended Yasmin.

The first 6wks or so, it was horrible. I broke out even more, gained about 10-15lbs, &amp; that led to a slight depression. But people told me that is just what happens when your hormones adjust to new birth control?

I&#039;m really glad I stuck through because my acne is now completely gone and my PMS levels have decreased by at least 75%, feeling SO much better!"
"Like the many others that have written responses, I have been using Lidoderm patches for many years.  I began with the Brand Name and then CVS switched to the generic by ENDO.  If you can find this generic it works just like the original.  But recently they switched to the newly developed generic by Mylan.  Do not waste your money. They are highly ineffective.  Difficult to separate from the plastic and very stiff un-maleable.  Once applied the stiffness causes them to lift up, beginning with the corners and pretty soon the whole patch releases.  Obviously the adhesive doesn&#039;t work either.  I can&#039;t get them to stay on long enough to see if they even work - no where the recommended 12 hours which I have had no problem with on others!"
"Horrible. Pain, burning, discomfort. I do not recommend this product. I thought I was having an allergic reaction. Using an ice pack helped the pain. I have been in tears for hours."
"I have had fibromyalgia for about 10 years and Ultram really helped for the first 5 years. After that the effect started to decrease until they had to change me to something else because it is not a long term drug. I loved it because you could take it and there were no feelings of sluggishness. It just took the pain away. I wish I could still take it with the same relief as when I first started."
"Started back in June, and at first it seemed as though I was having all of the side effects from constipation to acid reflux, you name it.  So far I have gone from 212 to 182 lbs.  This is the only diet medication that has worked for me. It has always been a problem losing after being diagnosed with a thyroid condition.  I am grateful my physician decided to try me on Qsymia. "
"Kept it about a year before asking for his removal. 9 months bleeding almost non stop and half of my boob size vanished, leaving them like 2 empty sacks (I&#039;m 22). They kind of grew back afterwards but never got back to their initial shape."
"Yes it works. That&#039;s the question you have and it does. If you have time read my story it&#039;ll be worth it. I&#039;m 17 and live in my miami so the weather here is pretty much hot all year around. I&#039;m not an active outside person so I do not getting acne because of sports or anything. I guess its just a phase. I&#039;ve had acne since 6th grade and its sucked. I finally made an appointment with the dermatologist December 11. He prescribed me Tretenoin also known as retin a 0.1%, the strongest strength. And Clindamycin phosphate lotion as the antibiotic. So I was told to apply Clindamycin every night, and retin a every three nights, but let&#039;s face it. We all think applying it daily will help you get results faster. Well it doesn&#039;t, all it does is irrita"
"I started on liquid Prozac for anxiety and depression, so I could take a small amount due to drug sensitivities. I took it for two months. It did take a bit of the edge off my anxiety and helped with some of the aching from depression. I had to stop taking it because it gave me stomach trouble that got worse each time I took it. I probably would have continued longer if I hadn&#039;t had the stomach side effects."
"I have been on Aviane for about a year now and by far the worst side effect of it is the weight gain and breast tenderness. I haven&#039;t experienced any other negative side effects. I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds in the last year, I feel frequently hungry, and more recently, bloated all the time. I&#039;ve gained an entire cup size which under any other circumstances would perhaps be nice but I already had larger breasts for my small frame and now they&#039;re just out of control. To go from 5&#039;4 with large Cs to gaining 20lbs and large Ds is just really very uncomfortable. I have unsuccessfully tried to lose the weight but I have now decided to change my birth control entirely."
"Ive been on nexplanon for about 7 months now after being on the depo shot for 4 years. The application of the nexplanon was easy and fairly painless. The biggest issue I have with nexplanon is the bleeding I&#039;ve been having for 6 out of the 7 months on this. And I&#039;m not talking spotting, I mean bleeding moderately heavy everyday for 6 months. Finally after I couldn&#039;t take it anymore I went to my doctor and she gave me a second birth control, the patch in hopes of stopping the bleeding from the extra estrogen and it worked!!! Ive been using the patch for a month now and I havent bled at all. I will probably stay on this for a while and eventually go back to the shot."
"This medication is causing intense pain in my eyes.  I would not recommend."
"I have a rare disorder called Eosinophilic Esophagitus. It causes extreme stomach pain to the point where I can&#039;t eat for days or even drink water without being in severe pain. 10 days on Prednisone (20mg) and Pantoprazole (40mg) and it&#039;s about 80% better. I still get pain and sometimes can&#039;t eat or drink for a while, but it&#039;s completely different than what it was just two weeks ago. The only downside is Prednisone hasn&#039;t helped with my chronic pain. But I&#039;m not too disappointed because that wasn&#039;t the main reason for getting it."
"I was given this to combat the extreme loss in libido I get from taking SSRIs (Lexapro) it fixed the problem and made me function quite normally once again, but made me have big waves of depression. Denitely not the medicine for me, but if you&#039;re looking to recover sexual functioning back, this is worth a shot."
"Ortho tri cycles saved my face! I&#039;ve dealt with cystic acne flare ups for years. I experienced HUGE cysts that would distort my face. I&#039;ve tried EVERYTHING to rid myself of them (even did a round of accutane 10 years ago) but they persistently return. 

7 months ago I switched from Alesse to and it&#039;s made an incredible difference. The first 4 months were really rough (I broke out A LOT but noticed the cysts were actually coming to a head and draining for the first time ever). I almost gave up out of frustration but I&#039;m glad I stuck it out. My face has been totally manageable, just the small NORMAL occasional pimple around my period.

No weight gain, no mood swings, no adverse effects. Also loving the shorter, lighter, less painful periods"
"Current Pain Meds: Fentanyl 50mcg x 72 hrs &amp; Percocet 10/325 x 4hrs PRN.
Condition: DDD L4-L5 S1 &amp; Muscle Damage of Lft. Shoulder.
Past Overcounter Meds: Polyethylene Glycol, Lactulose, &amp; Amitiza.
Relistor Experience: Started 2 days ago and was able to have bowel motion within 30 min with mild cramping &amp; no other side effects.

Conclusion: Excellent relief from OIC...5 star!!"
"My husband and I are both on this medicine.  He takes 1000 mg morning and evening. I take the max at 850 mg each meal.  We have to keep a packet of desiccant in the bottle to absorb the horrible fishy smell.  We both have the side effect, even years later, of bloating, gas, and flatulence.  We call this pill our &quot;gas&quot; medication.  But it lowers our blood sugar with few other side effects.  If we&#039;re out, we take it on our return home if possible to prevent inflicting our flatulence on others."
"The obsessive compulsive disorder didn&#039;t diminish much for the first few months or so. However, it made me a less tense person, thus much more relaxed and joyful. Side effects were very mild, however all colors became more pronounced, greener grass, bluer sky, etc. Quite nice... Some hand tremor as well as occasional postural dizziness."
"Esophageal ulcer: Had problems off and on with horrible heartburn throughout my teens years until I ended up with an ulcer due to undiagnosed acid reflux and other problems. Was prescribed Protonix and it was the only thing that worked. Since then I have been able to use Tagamet (cimetidine) for every day use, along with watching what I eat, but the Protonix is awesome."
"Has changed my life, both physical autoimmune, genetic, hormonal disorders have improved and mental health PTSD, ADHD, RBD-Dyslexia have improved. I wish I had known about my mutation in child bearing years as I lost five pregnancies. My only daughter was the one I had morning sickness with and didn&#039;t take prenatal multivitamins."
"This is my second time around on Mirena. First time, I loved it. Had it taken out after 5 years and only took me weeks to get pregnant. The second time around, I am about 7 weeks into it and I am still bleeding. Heavy and light bleeding. Other than that, so far so good."
"I was on the Depo Vera for 4 years. It prevents pregnancy and I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking any meds or what not. But if I didn&#039;t take the depo right when it was due I would spot like crazy. I decided to stop because it just wasn&#039;t normal. I stop taking the depo vera (Feb-16-2015) it is now (June-3-2015) I&#039;m still bleeding. My sex life is a wreck me and my boyfriend just deal with it because I will not suffer because of this lol. My advice don&#039;t do it. It&#039;s horrible and it really messes up your mensual cycle."
"Amazing for acne , scars, dark spots. I like the gel"
"Interesting results which vary from day to day. Have had higher than usual blood sugar readings on some days. Have taken Tradjenta only 3 weeks. Deleted almost all carbs from diet and had better blood sugar results.  124 vs. 143 upon rising.  Also eat an earlier dinner, and no snacking after dinner. Resulted in 124 reading in morning. Will take for a month and decide if I will continue."
"I absolutely love my Nexplanon.Best birth control I&#039;ve had between an IUD, and two types of pills.  I&#039;ve had it 9 months. I haven&#039;t gained any weight,  I&#039;ve actually lost 20#&#039;s in 7 months, but I&#039;ve also been eating clean and no junk. I&#039;ve not had mood swings, depression and best of all.... No period what so ever!  I agree everyone is different so make your choice wisely and do what you think is best."
"I have been taking Ultram for three months now for a compressed lumbar disc. I have had no problems with it like I did with narcotic pain relievers (serious withdrawals when I did not need the medicine for pain).
It does cause some drowsiness and once made me feel nauseated, but all-in-all I like this medication much more than any codeine-based pain-killer."
"33 yr old Female - 5&#039;2.5&quot; 196 lbs at start. I had previously been 232 lbs in March of 2015 and in March of 2016 I was down to 174 lbs. I have a hormonal imbalance and gained back 20 lbs. in the last year.
I have been on this medication for two weeks today. I have previously taken Phentermine 37.5 for 4 months and Belviq does not compare at all.  Belviq has done nothing to suppress my appetite;  I am actually hungrier than I was prior to taking Belviq. I am also exhausted everyday. I never had appetite issues, but on a low calorie diet I am starving. This was a waste of $265 that I definitely didn&#039;t have to spend."
"Had bloody urine, started this drug for bacterial infection, day 2 on drug. I take Kefir  (yoghurt drink probiotic) and also a supplement called D-Mannose to help clear out bacteria from urinary tract. Can not take Cipro (tendon and joint pain lasting a year after) and allergic to many antibiotics. Having problem urinating now, 3 days to go.  I have fewer side effects taking probiotics during and months after. New reports say women need lower doses of all meds, and over 60 need lower doses. As female over 60 would have broken pills in half (without doctor&#039;s ok) but could not get them to break.  Urine has cleared up already - usually call pharmacist for info on problems."
"... only issue is that I became pregnant while taking. Big issue..."
"My old birth control made me very mean, but when I switched to Apri my mood has been very balanced. Not only that, the horrible acne on my back cleared up and now my back is beautiful. My periods are like clockwork and if you take birth control for mostly preventing pregnancy, take this. Me and my husband don&#039;t use condoms and I can&#039;t believe I&#039;m not pregnant. (If you know what I mean) I trust this birth control."
"Took it after two heart operations six years ago. Worked great. "
"Started taking Invokana a little over a year ago.  Started noticing a lot of hair loss then I Googled it and found this site which was helpful.  Went to my internist and she Googled it and found the same articles and comments. Took me off it and I switched to Jardiance.  Within 3 months I switched back to Invokana.  My A1C and daily numbers improved greatly.  I&#039;ve lost 15 pounds.  I already exercised and watched my diet.  Have been Type II for 12 years which is from my dad&#039;s side of the family, we all have it.  I&#039;ve chosen to live with the hair loss which seems to run in cycles.  Hard for a gal that had full chemo and has lost all of her hair previously. It looks like this drug will either really work for you or it&#039;s not for you at all."
"I have had the implant for about 2 months now (got it the start of May). During my experience with implanon it hasn&#039;t been that bad. I had very light spotting for the first couple of weeks, then it stopped so far. I get mood swings of epic proportions but other that that it&#039;s all kosher. Me and my boyfriend don&#039;t use other contraceptives and no babies so far. I have not gotten the bad acne, weight gain ( I&#039;m actually losing weight!) or super heavy bleeding so I call it a success. I recommend!"
"For me Klonopin 1mg 4x daily, has helped me from my social and overall anxiety with that being said for my nerves its a great medicine. In combination with my Lamictal 200mg it also helps keep my moods at a more even level especially my mania which I seem to have much more than depression. "
"I have been on Micardis for more than six months without any major side effects and my blood pressure has been fairly under control, except for a few spikes from time to time."
"Spent 20 years trying to get a correct diagnosis of what ended up being Cluster Headaches. Finally diagnosed by a neurologist and started taking Verapamil Hydrochloride 240mg once per day during cluster cycles with amazing results.  Takes up to 9 days to work, but boy does it work!  Amazing results for this cluster sufferer.  Has made my life worth living again.  Side effects are minimal.  If you have cluster headaches then you really need this miracle pill!"
"I got the implanon inserted about a month ago. 3 weeks after insertion I started spotting and have been for about 2/3 weeks, it&#039;s very light and it is annoying but I&#039;m hoping it settles down within the next month or so. So far I have had no weight gain, I had really bad mood swings for the first 3/4 weeks, I was crying almost every night. That has seemed to settle down though, so far id rate it a 7/10. We&#039;ll see what my rate it after another month or two."
"Absolutely horrible experience. I would wake up every night at three having an anxiety attack thinking I was dying. Several nights I experienced the strange vivid dreams. My depression and anxiety increased immensely, and suicidal ideation set in hardcore. 

BEWARE OF WITHDRAWALS!!!! I have never had so much anger and rage in my life. Even after two weeks still making my depression worse as well as anxiety. DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG"
"Clindesse didn&#039;t work for me -- and it sure was expensive!  My doctor prescribed it rather than a less expensive alternative because it&#039;s a one-dose treatment.  Worked for about a month the first time, then back to doctor.  Second time it worked for a week.  Wasted a lot of money."
"After the OTC medications did not work on my daughter AT ALL, we finally went to the doctor. He suggested two &quot;no nit-combing&quot; medications, Natroba and Sklice. The reason I didn&#039;t take her to the doctor in the first place was because I care very much about the safety of chemicals I put on my little girl&#039;s skin, so unapologetically, I put this doc to the test with 101 questions about the two. Fortunately, he seemed very knowledgeable about them both (as he should) and I learned that Natroba is the ONLY prescription out there that is not systemically absorbed in the skin and is safe for mothers who may be pregnant applying the product (which I was at the time) so this was huge to me. I went with Natroba and will never use anything else."
"I started 2/17 for recently diagnosed fibromyalgia. (I take 25mg of Zoloft for depression) I am taking 400mg of gaba in applesauce at night (had gastric bypass). My body and pain is WAY more calm than before. My pain went from a 9 to a 2 and I&#039;ve stayed there since. Through all kinds of weather ups and downs, NO flare-ups these last couple of months. SIDE EFFECTS for me. 1. Eating! I wake up wanting to eat as many carbs and pastries as possible. I&#039;ve never been like that before. (I&#039;ve gained 5lb  in 6 weeks) 2. VERTIGO! After I take it. I have to be careful making my way to bed so I don&#039;t fall. 3. Memory issues but not worse than fibro fog. To me the calm body and reduction in pain is worth it!"
"At first I had no problems with the pill. But then on the second month of the first pack I began spotting. At first it was light and then it got heavier like a normal period. This has been going on for over 2 weeks."
"Didn&#039;t do anything for me second day on it and all it did was make my symptoms worse. Worse than just detoxing without anything"
"I didn&#039;t care for all aubra. I had headaches very often, even more so when it got close to my period. I never had headaches prior to Aubra. I had really bad anxiety...my heart would start pounding at random times for no reason....I would get extremely depressed and or really angry when it got close to my period....my eyes got super dry and my contacts were painful to wear..... And recently got off of it, for about 2 months now and I have a lot of side effects from quitting it as well. Wished I would have never used it to begin with."
"WONDERFUL.  I have been on it for 4 years and am currently on 200 mg, and have had no desire what-so-ever to use.  Like others have said on this board and friends alike that it takes away depression and gives me motivation. All in all, I give it an A , it saved my life."
"Well this is a veeeery strong drug and an effective one but has a lot of side effects and the withdrawal is an absolute nightmare. I started taking paroxetine because of depression, social anxiety and suicidal thoughts. The drug has helped me to overcome the crippling anxiety but it also made me emotionaly numb. This numbness is a common side effect for SSRI but in my case it caused an aggravation of depression. While taking paxil I felt like nothing made sense anymore. It was a horrible experience but then again it allowed me to see things more objectively without the overpowering emotional ballast I had before. I stopped taking paroxetine and now I feel like I was on a long vacation from my self and my mind."
"I was prescribed Clindamycin by my oral surgeon as a prophylactic antibiotic before having my wisdom teeth extracted.  Neither the doctor, pharmacist, nor the drug fact sheet indicated that it could cause severe heartburn or chest pains.  

Within a day of taking Clindamycin, I had developed clenching chest / esophageal pain and heartburn.  My doctor extended my Clindamycin script to fight these symptoms.

I went to the E.R. this morning for fear that my artificial pulmonary valve was infected.  I was told to take Maalox.

After stopping my Clindamycin dosage (I have already finished all that were initially prescribed), my fever has broken, rash went away, and I feel drastically better."
"I&#039;ve just received my nexplanon on August 23 2017. I can tell you already that I&#039;ve started to see and feel the side effects two days in. The first side effect was the constant cramping. Then came the arm becoming extremely heavy and limp. Oh gosh did I even mention the constant chronic fatigue? Yes I&#039;m getting acne, mood swings, appetite changes, libido changes...sore throat and flu like symptoms. I researched the heck out of this implant and knew what I was getting myself into. I&#039;m still willing to push forward, even with all the side effects bc it was pretty self explanatory when I looked it up. The best part was how easy and painless my insertion process was....10 min tops."
"I&#039;ve been on lamictal for about a month now. I started on 50mg, 2nd week 75mg, and 3rd week 100mg at night. 1st 2 days in on 50 I felt borderline aggressive and very irritable. This evened out on the 3rd day and I began to feel very motivated and able to think clearly. I still experienced a few depressive episodes, but I hope to get onto an antidepressant once my dose is high enough. I&#039;ve began taking 25mg in the AM to slowly move up to 100 in the AM on top of my 100 at night. Since I have, my memory, attention, and anxiety have worsened and other side effects have been sweating, raised heart rate, some trouble sleeping, and slight photo-sensitivity. Most of these have subsided as I adjust so overall it&#039;s best to stick with it for a bit."
"I had mild acne and I started using Epiduo in August , In the first two weeks my acne increased slightly  but at the end of the first month my acne started to improve . At the end of the second month my acne became way worse form where I started i now have very noticeable scars for the first time ."
"I have only been on this for 2 weeks but I can seriously notice a difference. I am 21 and for about 6 years (after a traumatic event) I have been suffering from &quot;severe depression&quot;. I have always had pain and always been to tired to do anything but lay in bed and cry! I can now say I am happy! Finally happy, I can&#039;t remember a time I was ever like this. I am motivated, active, and enjoying life. It works quick. I do however have mild headaches everyday and multiple nightmares every night. I am told these will subside. It&#039;s pricey but I really think its worth it! Good luck to everyone."
"I gained 60 pounds in under 2 years from being on  gabapentin for arthritis and fibromyalgia. I learned I had pre diabetes &amp; asked my Dr to put me on it and she was more than willing. 40 pounds melted off me like butter in less than 2 months no problem, UNTIL... MY LONG BLONDE HAIR was clogging the drain every day in the shower! Long story short, what&#039;s the point in being skinny if your bald? I HAD pretty hair, now 3/4 of it&#039;s gone and still not growing back! Makes me wonder what other damage it&#039;s done.  Not worth it!!"
"Oh my God!!  I am really glad that I have eaten really lightly for the last few days and nothing at all today.  It works alright!  Felt full and kind of bloated after the first glass and by the third, I was running for the bathroom.  Still have half to go but am afraid to leave the bathroom to drink it!  They better get a good look tomorrow because I am not doing this again!  Lol"
"I have taken Lunesta 3mg for about 5 years now.  Never have had bad dreams or any instances of sleepwalking, etc.  I take it &amp; about 45 minutes later I am fast asleep until my alarm clock goes off.  Prior to finding Lunesta, I had insomnia for years &amp; I cannot tell you how much of a lifesaver this medicine has been!  Tried Ambien but it did not work for me at all.  Also tried Sonata, but would wake up a few hours after going to sleep.  I&#039;ve had no problems with tolerance, either.  The only &quot;bad&quot; thing is the crappy taste in one&#039;s mouth, but I discovered that brushing my tongue when I brush my teeth before going to bed gets rid of 90% of it, along with using Biotene mouthwash (the dry mouth brand).  Hooray!  My insurance will now cover it, too!"
"I was diagnosed with PCOS about 2 weeks ago. My ob put me on Metformin. When I first started taking it the nausea was bothersome but a couple days in, it was gone. I have been taking this for 10 days now and have lost 7 lbs! I am now taking 1000mg a day and have no negative side effects."
"I&#039;m use vancomycin i.v. this moment. The infection stopped, but I hear sound in my ears and the draining is 100 ml per day."
"I have had 3 major low back and neck surgeries within the past several years.  I have excruciating hip and low back pain and can never get to sleep. I wake up several times a night putting ice packs on my low back and hips. I went to see a pain doctor today, and he has put me on Neurontin, gradually increasing it to 300mg 3X a day.  I have to say that it hasn&#039;t done a whole lot for me.  I woke up at 3am this morning hurting.  I am feeling highly agitated, so not sure if its the medication or just me being in pain.  I am manic depressive and take Seroquel, have for years.  I am just not getting pain relief.  Does it take time with Neurotin to work?"
"I was really skeptical about paying so much for a small amount. Usually my cold sores do not get very bad or noticable, however, it did this time. The first day I could feel the tingle, the second day my lip was swollen to where my mouth couldn&#039;t close comfortably and blisters had started, by the third day my lip had swelled even bigger and blisters were extremely noticable. And by day four, blisters had popped leaving a dark crusty look, some swelling went down. By the beginning of day four I was ready to pull my hair out. Went to the pharmacy and bought a small tube and began to use it like I use oxygen. Overnight I applied a heavier coat and by day five, the large scab from the blisters fell right off!! Swelling was completely gone!"
"Made me &quot;flat&quot; and apathetic to everything.  Also caused hyperprolactinemia leading to leaking breasts.  Also caused me to gain 35 pounds over several months.  Only marginally effective at treating the racing thoughts, etc."
"17 weeks pregnant. Had a horrible cough since Saturday. Thursday developed fever and general feeling of unwellness. Saw Dr Friday. Took first dose of Tamiflu Friday night. Slept the best I had in a week. Saturday felt 60% better, no fever. Today is Sunday, feeling tired but not unwell. Planning on going to work tomorrow.
I did take it with food, but have has horrible heartburn when I sleep on my left from it. Also, nasal drainage is worse since taking it.
"
"I got Nexplanon inserted December 2012. I was previously on the pill for 5 years which worked great for me, but I began having seizures last July. Because of the seizures, I switched my birth control to a progesterone based birth control in case the estrogen was provoking my seizures. I&#039;ve now had Nexplanon for almost 5 months and have been bleeding every day since. I&#039;ve also gained about 15 pounds. It has been horrible for me. I would love to just take it out, but I spent $700 on this and would like to wait it out and see if it gets better. "
"I smoked for 50+ years.  Took it for one week and that was it.  I didn&#039;t think it was possible for me to quit.  It has been 6 years now.  Great product."
"This birth control has worked 100% with preventing pregnancies. However, it makes me beyond depressed, irritable, angry and moody. It started out to be right before my period, but now it is all the time. I never had these issues before taking Tri Previfem. It also makes me super hungry right before my period, where I want to eat everything in sight. But my major issue is definitely the depression, anger, anxiety and crying spells it has caused. Tonight is my last night taking this pill, thank God I am finally done with the pack!!! I do not recommend!"
"I have now been on Topamax for about 6 years now and in all that time I can honestly say I have only had bad head ache and no migraine at all and the only reason started the medication is I had meningitis in 1993 and one of the long term side effects of this is migraines for life so Topamax has been a lifesaver for me."
"I had a brief episode of a-fib following severe pneumonia, so the docs put me on Eliquis and have insisted I stick with it despite the fact my a-fib resolved on its own two weeks after multiple failed cardioversion attempts and a course of amiodarone. 

Now I find myself having dark, very bloody bowel movements accompanied by severe abdominal cramping. Yuck. I have IBS, but this is different. 

Time to insist my docs take me off of it?"
"I am  on 1000mg a day of lithium along with quetiapine and lamotrogine. This keeps the excitement at bay but I am prone to rapid cycling which is stressing. However it keeps the mania at bay but the down side is bad. Lithium has made a noticeable difference."
"Sadly the condom broke while me and my bf were having sex and we didn&#039;t realize until after he finished. I was also on day 4 of my period during this, but I decided to take plan b anyway because I didn&#039;t want to take any chances even though the risk of pregnancy was low to begin with. I took the pill within 45 minutes. I had to wait almost 5 grueling weeks for my period to come. Ladies, my period came 2 WEEKS late. I was too scared to take pregnancy tests so I just waited for my period. I believe it came so late due to extreme stress so try not to worry about it because it can cause your period to be very late if you worry too much. Your period WILL come just be patient!! Stay safe ladies!!"
"I am 71 and have had constipation all of my life. I&#039;ve tried OTC products (all of them) and even some prescription products. I take 4 of this per week with plenty of water. More give me some cramps.  However, my constipation is finally under control.  It isn&#039;t easy, but I do get results about 4 times a week.  That beats 1 or 2 with a lot of bleeding from strain.  I may increase to 7 times per week and see if the cramping stops.  I have a superlong colon which has caused the chronic constipation."
"I am a 47 year old woman and for the last few weeks have suffered asthma-like symptoms, common when I have a cold. The doctor prescribed this as I wasn&#039;t getting better only using the inhaler. I took first dose at night, the next this morning and I have had diarrhea all day. Apparently stomach problems can be a side effect. While I know some medications have side effects when first starting, this is not tolerable. I will not continue and will see an allergist for possible other solutions. I am sure it is the advair."
"I love the patch!!!! I have used it for 6 years and no problems. I use it 3 weeks on with 1 week off. I never had any side effects like being itchy or red marks. The only issue I&#039;ve had is when I go to the beach the salt water wears off the stickiness but I always bring an extra one due to knowing that happens. I&#039;ve never had a problem getting pregnant from using it. I think it&#039;s great I&#039;ve never gotten pregnant while on the patch but once I took it off it took me about two months to get pregnant. I love it and will continue using it."
"I have had anxiety for over 14yrs. I have been using lexapro for 1 year it has kept me emotitionaly stable but it has not helped my anxiety at all. I use 40mg."
"My experience with this medicine has helped me through school very well and I don&#039;t fall asleep in school, I pay attention very well. It doesn&#039;t wear off until I get home. Then I&#039;m really tired but the really tired part is okay I don&#039;t really mind. This is my key for school. I don&#039;t take it in the summer and whenever it&#039;s time for school. My Vyvanse is a really big help."
"I used to be on Yaz and really loved it but, I was worried about all it&#039;s latest bad reviews.  I just switched to Zovia and my breasts are so tender.  I thought it would be great to go up a size (I heard this from a friend) but it is really painful.  I&#039;m also very bloated which I&#039;m not used to because you never get bloated or acne from Yaz. I get my period next week so still unsure if it will be as light as it was on Yaz."
"I have been taking this for night trips to the bathroom .
Started a 3mg  2 years ago and just started slowly increasing to 10mg. I stopped taking due to the side effects of rapid pounding heart beat, chest pains, dizziness, no real change in sexual functions which is good thing. Not a big change in night trips to the bathroom.
Off to the Doctor today."
"I was on Zarah for 5 years and recently began ovulating on the pill so my doctor wanted me to go on something with a bit more estrogen and recommended Mononessa. I was pretty nervous with all the mixed reviews I read before taking it, especially because I experienced no side effects with Zarah. In all honesty, the first 4 days we&#039;re not pleasant. I had what felt like non-stop migraines, my anxiety was on a different level (I kept thinking I was suffering from DVT and was having mini panic attacks) I had weird palpitations when working out and I had a lot of trouble staying asleep. All of a sudden on day 5, I felt normal again. I guess my body just needed to adjust and hopefully symptoms don&#039;t come back!"
"Trazadone is without a doubt the BEST drug I&#039;ve taken for sleeping issues. &lt;10min from ingesting, I&#039;m out....like a freakin light. Absolutely unconscious until my alarm goes off. I never feel groggy or Ambien-like. Its the perfect med with no drawbacks. Simple as that."
"I took Sprintec for 3 1/2 years consecutively and it prevented pregnancy and cleared up my acne quite a bit.  My period used to be a bit unpredictable since it wasn&#039;t on a 28 day cycle.  On Sprintec my period came VERY regularly, practically down to the hour every 28 days and only lasted the regular 5-6 (normal for me). I stopped taking it to get pregnant, which happened 6 weeks after I stopped taking Sprintec and I have a healthy baby girl.  I breastfed for the full first year so I was on the &quot;mini&quot; pill. Last night was my first night back on Sprintec.  I forgot to eat anything with it and woke up at 4 A.M. throwing up.  7 hours later I&#039;m fine and it works great otherwise. Just take it right before or after eating a full meal."
"I was in the E.R. for my usual anxiety waiting to be sent to a Mental health treatment facility.  I lay there for seven hours. I tired but I could not sleep. It&#039;s like the voices around me were getting louder and louder.  I eventually exploded. It took three security people and nurse stuck me in my thigh from a distance with Ativan, it was great. The Anxiety demons went away and I felt normal. I was later prescribed Ativan. I&#039;ve tried many medicines in my twenty seven year battle with Depression and Social anxiety and anxiety and O.C.D. and P.D.S.D. Nothing works like Ativan."
"Abilify has been a lifesaver for me, probably literally. I&#039;ve tried at least a dozen different medications (for the treatment of depression and social anxiety) since I was 16 (I&#039;m now 25) and Abilify has probably shown the biggest improvement of them all. My mood is great most of the time, anxiety is reduced, and I have a lot more confidence than I used to. The one side effect: weight gain. I&#039;m hungry all the time and have gained 20-30 pounds. Previously my mental health took priority over my physical health because I was so depressed. Now that I&#039;m doing better I may cut back on Abilify in order to get back in better physical health. Hopefully the positive effects won&#039;t go away!"
"I have used this Lotion for one week and already have noticed a huge improvement in the reduction of redness, bumps and overall health of my skin. I am very happy with this product and would highly recommend it."
"I do not recommend nuvaring. I used it for six months and while it was effective in preventing pregnancy, l had terrible side effects. The first month or two wasn&#039;t too bad but every month would gradually get worse. My lady parts were so sensitive. The skin was so irritated it would burn during sex and I would get fissures sometimes just from sitting down. The irritation caused itching and overall discomfort that in the very end of using it, even prevented me from being able to be intimate at all. I went to the doctor for possible bacterial infections, yeast infections, but none were the cause. After six months I finally realized it was my nuvaring. I&#039;ve been off for almost a month and I&#039;m completely back to normal."
"Has done a great job at preventing full blown migranes from interrupting my life when I used to get multiple migranes a week."
"I have spent years not getting proper sleep. I went to visit the hospital and the Doctor Stuck me on Clonazepam when I told him about my sleeping issues. Since I have taken it I have been able to sleep good. Still a bit early to tell but so far I give it a 7 out of 10."
"I received Taxol along with cisplatin every 4 weeks for a total of 4 treatments.  I did not recognize the numbness in my feet as a side effect because it was winter time and that is how my feet frequently feel most of the winter.  So far the post op and post chemo tests are negative.  I had no other problems during the chemo treatments."
"For someone who has always suffered from medical issues (Crohns Disease, eczema, heart murmur) I&#039;m no stranger to medications.  I have a simple bacterial infection in my belly button and my doctor put me on this drug (2x daily for 7 days).  After 24 hours I was nauseous constantly and spent my time in bed or the bathroom.  After pill five I am completely incapacitated.  After reading these comments and seeing how many other people share my troubles, I will be stopping if my own accord and never taking this again.  Especially not for a simple bacterial infection that has never caused me any problems in the first place.  I now know learned I will always research a drug before taking it."
"I give Treximet a 10 rating based on my 30 plus years of suffering from migraine. For me, it stopped the migraine in it&#039;s tracks without the nausea I experienced from the Imitrex injection or nasal application. It also kept me from experiencing the 24-48 hour &quot;hangover&quot; that I would experience after the acute phase of the migraine had passed. An excellent drug!"
"My anxiety was extremely bad and I had tried lexapro but the side effects for me were horrible; so my doctor started new on BuSpar. I&#039;ve been on it now going on two weeks and I can say I do feel a slight difference. My anxiety is still there but not as bad... I&#039;m still having attacks off and on but I&#039;m going to stick with this and give it some more time. The only side effect I have is the dizziness but I&#039;ve learned if I eat even just a piece of toast that it helps with that. Other than that no side effects. I say if your suffering give this a try and stick with it."
"It did not work for me, it made me sleep worse."
"I started taking this drug over 15 years ago whenever I had unwanted mind chatter going on. It wasn&#039;t like I heard voices in my head like crazy people,  just my thoughts going crazy almost allowed to keep me awake. If someone said hey I like that color blue on you, I would think it&#039;s because I look fat in other colors really bad another color and then I would start obsessing about that. It really was a prison that I was in and obsessing on things that were small and absolutely had nothing to do with my life. Luvox 100% almost as if it took away every single one of those problems that I had and no longer have any sort of Mind chatter or even think much about if someone gives me a compliment other than hey thanks."
"This drug was wonderful (along with Menopur)."
"First time ever having to take an antidepressant. The first day I took it, I thought I was going crazy because I felt so good. On the third day my daughter noticed I was more energetic. I&#039;m about 2 weeks into it now, and feel great. I&#039;m able to move about and not be so sluggish. I keep forgetting it in the morning and have been taking it late afternoon and it doesn&#039;t seem to affect my sleep. Actually I have been able to go to sleep before midnight when I had been going to sleep at least 2 or 3 in the morning. I can lead a more normal life because I&#039;m not sleeping until most of the morning is gone and feel so much more energy! Usually as soon as something bothered me, I&#039;d go down, but now I&#039;m able to keep going. Loving this."
"I have anxiety disorder. Ativan 1 mg. does nothing for me. No side effects either."
"I had a great experience on this medicine. I recently stopped because I got sick of the spotting. What makes me mad is as soon as I stopped, my body had finally got used to it. I was a pretty fit person too. I am 5&#039;6 and I weight about 145 when starting, and then dropped down to 130. It&#039;s very, very rare to lose weight so don&#039;t think it will happen to you but I went to the gym in my spare time ( I mainly ran a lot) and I lost the weight. It was great and I never had to worry about being pregnant. I plan to go back on this bc again. Plus, it was free. I have tried plenty of bc and can&#039;t stand the pills, tried the nuvaring because that was free with my insurance too. Nope hated it. Everyone is different but overall this was the best BC I was on."
"Took the medicine when I was certain my headache was a migraine and it was completely gone in an hour or less with no side effects.  My insurance used to cover it but now I am getting a lot of push back, switched to Relpax which is also a good but still struggling with insurance. "
"I was on Yaz for years. Even if I would skip a week or two on it, my face would start breaking out and literally within three days of taking Yaz my face would be crystal clear again. I completely went off the pill for a year due to prices, but now just went back on to BeYaz since it is cheaper and supposed to be the same thing.
I&#039;ve been waiting it out for three months, hoping I would improve- but my ance is actually getting WAY worse! I thought Yaz and Beyaz had the same ingredients...did I become immune to the effects."
"I&#039;ve been on Norco 10/500 2 times a day on and off for years. I have deteriorating defibrosis and the pain is unbearable especially in the mornings if I have not taken the medication to the point I can&#039;t get out of bed for about 20 mins and with help. I have tried tramadol, Valium, Flexeril, you name it. Norco is the only medication that works wonders."
"I&#039;m on the second year of having Nexplanon. At first, I loved having it because I didn&#039;t have to remember to take the pill every day and my periods stopped all together. Then the 2nd year I started getting random spotting and now I have been having my period for 3 months on and off, weeks at a time. I thought it would go away, but it continuously happens, so I&#039;m getting it taken out. Its a highly effective birth control especially since I get my period every week now. I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain or mood swings at all though!"
"This is actually my 2nd time quitting on Chantix and will be successful this time because I am ready and dedicated. I&#039;m so stubborn, been smoking for 35 years. When I quit the first time it felt like I lost my best friend, kind of down but this time I am proud to quit. Who cares about vanity, I can lose the couple lbs I put on I mean at least I will be around this life a little healthier/ longer and happier!  Nicotine."
"I have been on Cymbalta for 6 years. I am 51 and have a family history of depression and only recently have I accepted that I may have it very long term. For those in Australia I recommend the generic version called Coperin (I get it from Priceline) which reduces the &#039;brain fog&#039; of Cymbalta. I have been very happy on Cymbalta (Coperin), it changed my life. I hate that I rely on a tablet to enjoy life, but it is a small price to pay. My GP occasionally suggests I try a new drug but I always refuse. I have much improved relationships with people and it is great to have lost the anxiety which has completely disappeared. I have been on 30mg for 4 years, but am increasing to 60mg for a few weeks as I seem to be going through a bout of anxiety."
"I&#039;ve just finished week 2 for 4 bcc. I use Aldara 5 times a week. The bcc on my neck and arm are going well. The one on my chest is ulcerated so my doctor said to have 4 days off instead of 2. The one just above my lip is really ugly. It was quite small but now is huge and won&#039;t stop bleeding. Doctor said at least a week off for that one. I feel quite well so far-just itchy and maybe a bit tired. I&#039;ll update again in another 2 weeks."
"I was prescribed these meds to aide in my weight loss journey. I struggle with PTSD, anxiety, depression, sleep apnea, and pain. My meds have added to my weight gain and I have been trying really hard to work it all out at the gym.  I am really hoping these will boost my weight loss which will intern lift my mood, relieve my pain, etc.... Pray for me it works!!!"
"Nasacort was good news/bad news for me. The past year I&#039;ve had terrible post nasal drip that my Zyrtec and Astepro were not taking care of, so I added the Nasacort. I had terrible coughing attacks day and night. In a few days on this spray, the drip is so much better and coughing much less. The bad news is this usually fun loving, peaceful, yoga type, meditating, tree hugger kind of girl wants to pick a fight and punch someone in the nose. Steroids! I can&#039;t take steroid pills, but my doc insisted this was not absorbed by the body. I think it&#039;s safe to say he was wrong. It&#039;s the middle of the night and I&#039;m pacing the floor. My apologies to the person I pick a fight with today. At least my nose won&#039;t drip on you."
"For 6 years I&#039;ve been sweating so much that keeping my arms down wasn&#039;t enough. The sweat would creep about 2 inches out. I&#039;d always wear jackets and say I don&#039;t want to tan. I live in Arizona! That is impossible. It does not snow here and it is always 109 degrees. Walking home is not smart and Drysol, Secret clinical strength, all clinical strengths, regular deodorants, Arid dry creme, and the home remedies like baking soda. NOTHING WORKED. Went to my doctor, she easily said Hypercare because its worked in her 15 year career and none of the 7 people she prescribed it to complained. I had doubts. IT WORKS. "
"Tailbone injury, quite severe pain. Percocet is working wonders. Stopped taking Percocet 1 month after the injury, a very painful experience. Continuing the medication until I get into physiotherapy. Doctor says physio should help with the pain. I plan on stopping the Percocet once the pain becomes bearable to live with."
"Flonase is the best! I suffered from horrible night-time congestion. This medicine is a miracle. No more waking up all night unable to breathe with a horrible headache and feeling like a zombie for half the day! No side effects at all for me. Only downside is the expense without insurance. Wish they had a cheap generic version."
"I really like this medication, however it does make me a bit grouchy and mean during the first week of each pill package. My appetite is normal. My periods are very light. No cramps. Was worried about the weight gain, but I have lost weight so I am guessing it can be due to work or some ingredient that does not cause a lot of bloat and water retention. In result, I am looking forward to stay with this brand."
"Best ADHD medication I have taken. All the pros of Adderall without the crash or mood swings. However sometimes if I haven&#039;t taken it for a few days, when I take it again I get horrible migraines at night."
"I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in the first grade and was put on many different ADHD medicines like Ritalin and Cycler to name a few and had bad experiences with both so in the 5th grade I took myself off of them and my grade dropped to d&#039;s &amp; f&#039;s and I dropped out in 9th grade. Recentley I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and was put on Depakote and Seroquel recently my doctor wanted to try me on Adderall and it has worked wonders for me. It has helped me stay focused and am able to sit still and it has helped with my bipolar disorder and I am no longer tired all day to to my pain management medicines. I highly recommend this medicine for anyone with ADHD and bipolar disorder. The only side effect is teeth grinding. Awesome medicine."
"Around month two on trinessa I developed a few hives on my stomach but didn&#039;t connect it to the drug until month three or four when the rash had completely overtaken my stomach and sides. I stopped taking this medication and the rash cleared up in about two weeks and hasn&#039;t returned. Very weird."
"Vyvanse changed my life for the better. I&#039;ve been taking it for almost 2 years now and I honestly don&#039;t know where my life would be headed or where I&#039;d end up without it, but looking at the direction it was going in before I got diagnosed with ADD, I wouldn&#039;t have gone far and probably ended up as a loser. I can finally read a book and know what I read or do my homework on my own! Since this medication; I stopped making stupid choices, went from D&#039;s to all B&#039;s. It helped my depression and it changed my life dramatically. My relationship with my friends and family has grown stronger. Before Vyvanse I pictured my future as a druggy, now I have a job and I am looking forward to becoming a vet."
"My doctor had prescribed Ambien.  Before taking it, I wanted to know side-effects.  Found that it can have very negative unwanted side-effects.  Therefore, did NOT even take one tablet.  Threw them out!  So, I turned to the Equate Nighttime Sleep aid, 50mg., which was a good choice.  Help me to sleep well.  I do, though, awake although briefly around 2:30-3:00 AM after having gong to bed at 9:00 PM.  Notice some daytime sleepiness at times."
"Its hard to believe something like this can exist yet when you go to a doctor with cut up arms &amp; hearing voices, scared out of your mind, obsessed about an idea as irrational as the empty tight feeling in your chest they give you a box of antidepressants. I have always been socially awkward &amp; use to cry allot as a kid, the day dreamer who enjoyed being alone except I didn&#039;t like being alone. Tramadol gives me around 6 hours of bliss, 6 hours of clear thoughts of what is in-front of me, its amazing. a cure to unhappiness, its a shame its difficult to get, I have been on it for a year and a half, 1 50mg pill every 3 days gives me the motivation to wake up. "
"I was experiencing awful panic attacks and anxiety that wouldn&#039;t let up, I tried so many medications but Cymbalta was the one that worked best for me.  Started at 30 mg for a week then went up to 60, then up to 90 mg where Im at now.  Only down side was it seemed like it took a long time to get here almost back to normal after almost 2 months but I&#039;m glad I&#039;m here, have not had a panic attack in weeks, anxiety is down and I&#039;m off all benzos.  Stick with this medication it did wonders for me and I&#039;m very sensitive to medications."
"Yep, I took ONLY 1 Mucinex D almost 24 hours ago for the 1st time and I&#039;m still up. During the 1st 12 hours I didn&#039;t sleep a wink because I took this pill right before bed. My nose was dripping the whole night. This thing definitely unclogged my sinuses without the uncomfortable burning sensation of inhaling and the pain behind my face. My sinus relief lasted the whole 12 hours! I kept thinking it would wear off sooner. Throughout the day I haven&#039;t stopped sneezing and it&#039;s a scary sneeze, as in a loud scream, I&#039;ve been scaring people all day. This is not my normal/typical sneeze. I usually sneeze like a silent little bunny! This is how I found this website to find out what this sneezing is all about. Doctor prescribed."
"The nexplanon made me have a period for 3 months straight after I got it, and it also made me gain over 60 pounds, but for it to prevent pregnancy it&#039;s great. I had this birth control for 3 years I get it out in November."
"Latuda has been amazing for my anxiety. It helps calm my mind and slows down my racing thoughts. Since starting it, that part of my mental health has been almost completely resolved. I still take other medications for depression, as Latuda helped for a little while in that area, but I slipped into another Major Depressive Episode while on it. As far as racing anxious thoughts go though, they&#039;re nonexistent for me at this point (after being my main mental health issue for ten years). I had some side effects in the beginning (nausea after taking it, not wanting to eat for a while, and a little bit of restlessness), but all of those resolved within a month or so. I&#039;m very thankful for Latuda."
"Almost a year ago, I suffered a major depressive episode and I have tried mulriple medications. Although I experienced some minimal success at being able to easy again and get out of bed, I was diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder as well as Generalized Anxiety. Being on a leave from work for months, I felt pretty defeated that I would be able to get back to &quot;normal&quot;. I took a DNA test and my doctors and I decided to try Prestiq. In the first two weeks, I has almost no side effects but it did little for my mood too. Now that I am finishing up my 4th week, I am finally seeing good results. It&#039;s early, so I couldn&#039;t rate this med a 10 but I am hopeful. This CAN work but it&#039;s not a quick response! I think this one requires patience."
"It makes me feel normal. I like it, but I sometimes get hot flashes and dry mouth. My husband also takes it and it does well for him but has sexual side effects."
"Relieves knee and hip osteoarthritis pain immediately. Have used when required for approximately 4 years with no known side effects. I am 70 year old with hypertension controlled with medication."
"I&#039;ve been taking Chantix for nine days, after having been a  2.5 - 3 pack-a-day smoker for 44 years.  Because of the length and strength of my addiction, I supplemented Chantix with smoking cessation hypnotherapy.  I have had no side effects.  I&#039;m terrified of gaining weight, so the hypnotherapist includes suggestions such as &quot;I will not snack&quot; during my sessions.  He also includes &quot;no irritability&quot; suggestions. I&#039;ve  taken to drinking diluted grapefruit juice instead of diet soda.  I&#039;m down to seven cigarettes a day.  I still have triggers - like sitting at the computer - but, overall, cutting down on the way to quitting has been easier than I anticipated."
"I highly recommend that those who are prone to any sort of acne try a DIFFERENT brand of birth control. Junel Fe, otherwise known as Microgestin, is a pill that will not usually make one&#039;s acne better, it will either stay the same OR make it worse. I was sadly in the latter category. This is because it&#039;s a low estrogen pill. With Junel Fe I began to get acne all over my face - my jaw, cheeks, forehead, and chin. I would get up to 7 painful, embarrassing cystic lumps at a time and tons of zits that were oddly prone to leaving scars. I went from almost perfect skin to having adult acne! Nothing improved after 6 months. Seems like good skin on birth control isn&#039;t possible for everyone...Anyway, a high estrogen pill is probably better for acne."
"Why would they put fragrance in a pharmaceutical cream?? My doctor prescribed this medicine and I&#039;m allergic to scents so I just wasted my money on this. It&#039;s not covered by the medical plan and since I opened it, I can&#039;t return it. What a waste of money."
"*Not pregnant *
I had unprotected sex October the 2 my partner did not finish inside me but ethier way you should never have unprotected sex : I learned my lesson so I took plan b 3 days after and I was stressing out so much I stopped eating that every morning after I took the pill I threw up stomach bile it was my worst nightmare and I started waking up before my alarm even hit and woke up every morning with a abnormal heart beat which I think was just all my anxiety and me not eating right and keep in mind I&#039;m already skinny about 118 pounds  after a week from taking the pill I bled at first is was brown the night before it started and then the next morning it went heavy bright red for 4 days but my period was due in 2 weeks and came again"
"I have had mine in for almost a year and I love it, my period is pretty regular, and everything was the same. Insertion was painless and only a little bruise."
"I had started bontril in june of this year and as of today I have lost 50 pounds total. I want to lose 50 more pounds and then stop taking bontril. But I am a diabetic and my sugar levels and pressure level are normal. It has helped me a lot. I recommend it for weight loss."
"I am back to update my time on Bydureon. It has been going pretty good. My sugars were really going down I suffered a few lows 40 to 50s so Dr. dropped Januvia and Actos then my sugars started going up. It&#039;s been a rough two weeks but hopefully they will level out. My appetite has gone down a lot and looks like I am finally losing some weight."
"I was prescribed this to help alleviate my PMDD (severe depression associated with my hormones fluctuating around my menstrual cycle) and extreme menstrual cramps. I am at the end of week three of my first pack and the whole experience has been horrific. CLOSELY MONITOR YOURSELF when taking this if you have a history of depression and anxiety. I&#039;ve been crying several times a day and have slept a full night in two weeks. I&#039;ve felt more suicidal than I have in years and came close to checking myself into the hospital because my lows have been so severe. After talking to my SO today, it was confirmed that my mood has been greatly altered since beginning this medication. I have cramps everyday and am bleeding sooner and longer than normal."
"I go to sleep and usually wake up in an hour or so hungry.  Often I have to have a snack before I can go to sleep.  Still, without it, I have difficulty in sleeping at all due to an accumulation of various pains."
"After enduring years of itchy, runny nose and numerous daily sneezing episodes I got relief from Flonase.  Very pleased with product."
"This is my 3rd colonoscopy, and each time I&#039;ve been prescribed something different. For Suprep I was told to take my 1st dose at 4pm, followed by 2nd dose at 10pm -- colonoscopy is scheduled for 9am, and no liquids after midnight. For me, the stuff was vile tasting. Gag reflex kicked in and the tears started to flow, but got both doses down within a minute by holding my nose &amp; hubby&#039;s encouragement. I had a regular BM after about an hour with the first dose. However, I spent most of my time in bed with a book because of the chills it caused. After my second round, I massaged my stomach and walked around the house. I finally started pooping liquids after about 15 mins. Still pooping brown (needs to be clear), and it&#039;s nearly 1am."
"The Nexplanon is a horrible thing to go on I had it put in my arm July 21st 2016 an 2 weeks later I got my period AN I&#039;ve had it ever since.  It&#039;s been 5 months. An my acne is horrible an I&#039;ve gain like 10 pounds"
"Some itching with this but so glad not to go for blood work and to be able to eat whatever I want. Cardiologist put me on this in January as I was on warfarin since Dec 26. This doc does ablations for Atrial fibrillation (and teaches fellows also) and this is what he wanted me to take. Little bruising, minor bleeding when brushing, nothing significant. I also take amiodarone for the Atrial fibrillaiton."
"I have been on this medication for approximately 6 days. I have been experiencing pins and needle pain on my feet, hands and breast. Also fatigue and sore inside upper lip. Will be seeing my physician this week.
Has anyone experience this? May have to stop mybetriq."
"I felt better after the 2nd dose. It does work. Thank you."
"I had to go to the ER due to horrible stomach pains and was told I was &#039;plugged up&#039; and needed laxatives. The ER doctor prescribed me Miralax and so far it&#039;s done nothing. Literally. It&#039;s been the three days they speak of on the back of the bottle, and I still can&#039;t go properly. I&#039;ve been guzzling water like crazy, and not only does that make me nauseous (plain water is so freaking gross) and apple juice. I was told by the ER doc to take it once a day, then I called an gastroenterologist and she told me to take it at least 4 times a day.
We&#039;ll see, but so far this product has done nothing for me."
"I started taking this medicine 2 months back . I had to stop this medicine immediately as I started to have severe back pain and stiffness in my hip joints  .  Thankfully ,  I didn&#039;t have other side effects    . Don&#039;t take this medicine unless you have really bad acne ."
"I&#039;m 5&#039;5 starting weight 189 I started taking 37.5mg on 04/18 starting with half and alternating with whole and half pills each day. Serious dry mouth! But it really works I&#039;m not hungry, I&#039;ve been eating smaller and much much less. Snacking has was an issue for me but haven&#039;t touched cookies or snacks!!! I&#039;ve been drinking water only no desire for juice or soda The first two days I experienced headaches I believe were the lack of food/nutrients. But Monday and Tuesday I&#039;ve been taking women&#039;s multi-vitamins 1hr 1/2 to 2hrs before pill and headaches have gone. Already a night owl so this didn&#039;t help. But gives tremendous energy, so much so I don&#039;t even yawn throughout the day. I&#039;m going to weigh myself Saturday to see what I&#039;ve loss."
"I have been on this medicine since late September of this year (2013). I was on Abilify since I was 7 years old. I am now 21. I have gone from being a stick figure to a 254 pound blowfish and I&#039;m 5.9&quot;. Since being on Tegretol. I have lost over 20 pounds and am eating less and am more on average scale of what a human being should be consuming on a daily basis. I love this medicine. It helps me think clearly meaning I am much more calm and stabilized with my bi-polar. The ONLY complaint I have is I am constantly having heat-flashes. I am male by the way. I have asked many different psychiatrists, pharmacy, and my PCP about it. None have ever found that to be part of the side effects. I rather deal with this then major weight gain from Abilify."
"I was worried going into this medicine after reading so many negative things. I took it for 14 days and had minimal side effects. I feel like it did what it was intended to do, and am grateful my pain has ceased and am feeling human again.  The only side effects I had were a headache one day...drowsiness...bad taste in the mouth a couple times, and a pretty active female yeast infection.  All of which are better now.  Good luck, to those who need it . Wishing you good results too."
"So my ex partner told me he had been positive with chlamydia so I went to doctors to get tested and she gave me the pills right away! I had to take 2 azithromycin, after about 3 hours I was getting mild stomach pains for about 10 mins then had to rush to the toilet and had diarrhoea so bad!! Was sitting on the toilet for a good 15 mins! After that I thought it was all good but went again an hour later. It&#039;s now 3.50am and I woke up to it once again and literally pooping like a waterfall!! It&#039;s so worth getting rid of this STI though! But far out feels like I took laxative tablets!!!"
"Excellent.  But after using for ten plus years,  and taking polyethylene glycol twice daily, it needs to be increased.  Can I go higher than 290 mg a day?"
"I started using epiduo apx 3 weeks ago with very little advice from the GP. I suffer with breakouts and really sore lumps under the skin across my jaw line and neck. Anyway after a about 2 weeks of using the cream the skin around my eyes and jaw was so red and sore I thought I was having some sort of reaction. I was trying to moisturise as the skin was literally flaking off my face but the stinging was unbearable. After reading this forum I started using cetaphil cleanser and moisturiser and my skin is no longer sore and is clearing up brilliantly. 
advice - use cetaphil cleanser and moisturise before applying a tiny amount of epiduo, I don&#039;t wear makeup in the day so I take my moisturiser with me and top up around lunch time. Bear with it!"
"I have been using this product since it was made available without a prescription. 

If you are going to use it, be sure to read the instructions and warnings. 

This product has a period of time at the beginning of use that makes your acne worse and then clears it. I went through this process when I started taking Spironolactone, so I knew what to expect and I trusted that it would go away - it did. 

My skin looks and feels fantastic! I still get an occasional zit here at there - I&#039;m pretty sure it&#039;s my fault as I&#039;m a toucher/picker/popper. 

This is an easy product to add to your routine. Make sure to use it at night and wash off in the morning so you don&#039;t have to worry about sunburns. 

I highly recommend Differin."
"I&#039;ve been on Aubagio for 7 months. I just had a new MRI to check progress, and MRI showed no new activity. This is the first treatment medication that I&#039;ve been able to handle, after trying every single other. Love it."
"I&#039;ve had IBS-D for 20 years.  Not a severe case, but persistent and definitely impacted the quality of my life.  I tried everything: low FODMOP diet, gluten free diet, no high fructose corn syrup or sugar, no caffeine, immodium, bentyl, wellchol, rifaxin, peppermint pills etc. - nothing worked.  Multiple colonoscopies found nothing wrong. I finally tried 75 mg Viberzi and it worked immediately.  No side effects whatsoever so far.  Only two issues: (a) trying to remember how to be normal and (b) so far my insurance refuses to pay for it.  Got a 90 day supply for $30 on a special promotion but after that if insurance does not cover I don&#039;t know if I can afford to stay on it.  Cost per month is around $1000 - $1200."
"Horrible abdominal pain.  I was only able to take 3 doses before I had to discontinue.  The abdominal pain was similar to my 5 day appendicitis pain that I had prior to having my appendix removed."
"I also take Mucinex and have since 2003. As I have read the reviews I have not read any mention of having to remove salicylates from all topical products. Been on Guiafenesin for 10 years and has helped me greatly. "
"I have been taking Mirapex for 7 or 8 yrs, I am now up to 0.50 to 0.75 it has worked well for me, except I have gained a lot of weight, and now I am having augmentation, meaning my legs start jerking earlier in the day and my arms are starting to have it. I can&#039;t increase it much more, too much fatigue, I am concerned about what I am going to take now. I&#039;ve tried other things that don&#039;t work so beware of dopamine agonists after so many years you become immune to it unfortunately.  I could not afford it if I had not qualified for patient assistance program, I don&#039;t have insurance."
"I am going into my 4th month. The first 3 months I was only on .6 injection and had a monster sinus infection, huge doses of antibiotics and prednisone during the first 2 months...not Victoza related. The prednisone reqired me to up my dose to 1.2 to keep my blood sugar levels below 100nd stable. I lost a few pounds at the beginning, but I was seriously monitoring calorie intake so not sure that it was Victoza related. Like another rater, I get nauseated if I eat greasy foods...I am learning what the triggers are for that and just don&#039;t eat them. I am also Celiac so a touchy gut is not foreign. Plain, healthy foods are much more appealing. I have lost 18.5 lbs over the last 4 months. 5 of those pounds in the last two weeks...I am happy"
"Y&#039;all are trippin. I was freakin out after reading these reviews and I took 3 so I was expecting the worst. I had no cramps, no nausea, no sweating, no problems at all. The only thing that kinda sucked was it took longer than I expected, considering I took 3. I drank 2 bottles of water after I took them because I saw a few people recommended it so that may be why I didn&#039;t have problems idk. But the stuff works if you take it with a bunch of water "
"I have been using the Evra patch for a year and a half and it&#039;s great. For the first 6 months or so, I would experience nausea on the first day of a new box of patches and gained about ten pounds, but those are my only complaints. It is easy to use and sticks really well. I did have a patch come off ONCE but that was because my skin was not entirely dry when I applied the patch and I also did not press on the patch as long as I probably should have. As a lot of other reviews mention, the patch does form a small dark layer of lint around the edges, which some people find disgusting, but it really isn&#039;t that big of a deal. I apply it on the sides of my hips, so it is concealed in a bikini or tank tops. It has never come off in this position."
"I recently switched physicians and was placed on Bystolic after being on Benicar for over a year.  Benicar did not control my blood pressure; but since being placed on Bystolic I felt the difference immediately.  I had problems with palpitations, uncontrolled blood ptressure, sweating, hot flashes, and racing heart.  I am now much calmer and my blood pressure is under control.  The only side effect I am having (after being on this preescription for a week) is tiredness and a loss of appetite.  I do get a little dizzy about an hour after taking the medication, but Benicar did the same."
"On Pristiq since it became available switching from Effexor XR to Pristiq.  Less sexual side effects so far than any other SSRI or SNRI I have tried.  Still controlling my cataplexy, sleep paralysis, and REM-related phenomena of narcolepsy. So far so good and no complaints or problems."
"This medicine works wonders as far as its effectiveness. However the side effects are HORRIBLE!!! Not only do I have a disgustingly, horrible taste in my mouth that nothing seems to get rid of, but I&#039;m so nauseous that every time I have to take another one, I automatically throw up just from the thought. The directions say to eat before or take with food, but I can&#039;t keep anything down, not to mention I&#039;m extremely thirsty, but when I try to drink anything (including water) its disgusting. Everything tastes like this pill. I feel like I have a fever although I&#039;ve checked many times, and I don&#039;t, and I&#039;m having horrible headaches. However all of my symptoms are gone thank God. Lesson learned, currently abstinent for a long time!!"
"The taste is terrible. I would rather there not be a lemon or sweet taste.  Thought I was going to be sick.  Holding breath, nose and big gulps is helpful.  This stuff does work though. I have a colonoscopy in the morning.  I suffered through the first liter at 6 pm and the second at 10 pm.  Couldn&#039;t make it through the entire 2nd liter.  I had about 2 oz left.  Good luck everyone!"
"Have only been using Pristiq for two days but it seems more effective with my depression and anxiety issues."
"Went on Apprillon (Oracea) for 3 months, had great results. I stopped taking them because I learned that I should be on birth control while taking them as the medication has been linked to birth defects. I&#039;m not sexually active but it threw me off a bit, I don&#039;t like taking meds to begin with but I couldn&#039;t shake the idea that they could have that much of a negative effect. However, after months of not using it I&#039;m thinking of taking it again, since my skin has returned to its previous state. I had no side effects, and it was covered under free health care/insurance. 
All in all, 10 out of 10, would take again, would recommend."
"I&#039;m 29 years old. Starting at age 13 I started having skin issues that became cystic acne. At 21 I had enough and tried everything. Finally I gave Accutane a try. It completely cleared my skin for 7 years. At 28 after having 2 kids I began to get some small breakouts. Never as bad as it was but definitely noticeable. I tried Epiduo for about 6 months and I think it made it worse. My OBGYN put me on birth control and I was given Aczone. I was skeptical at first of another topical medication but I tried it. I&#039;ve been on it now in conjuction with birth control for 4 months and my skin is finally clear again. I&#039;m still on my first tube and probably only half way through it. A pea size amount, twice daily. I&#039;m very pleased with it!"
"I was only on this for a month because the symptoms were too much for me. The day right after getting this put in, I was very suicidal (never happened to me before) and my anxiety was through the roof. This calmed down after a few days, but the anxiety stilled showed up on and off. In addition, I bled every day for a the month I had it in (heavy bleeding and cramping). I also noticed my skin acting up. I did not gain weight, nor did this change my appetite, but the bleeding, anxiety, and depression were enough for me to quit. I read some blogs that indicated that some women didn&#039;t see a reduction in the symptoms even after a year on the pill. Lastly, my sex drive completely went away so it almost felt pointless to stay on this."
"I am on day 6 of a 21 day prescription, and am finally seeing and feeling the redness, tight skin, and itching all over my face.  I am very worried about what I will look like at the end of August when school starts (first day of school will be 8 days after treatment stops); I am a teacher and don&#039;t want to scare off my new students. I am thankful for the relief suggestions posted here, and I am also thankful that I did not procrastinate and I am getting this taken care of.  I have seen many people with parts of their faces- ears, noses) removed due to cancers, so I think of the &quot;after&quot; to get me emotionally strong enough to bear these next few weeks.  Thanks for sharing your experiences."
"I&#039;ve had skyla inserted for about 3 months now. I took painkillers before I had Skyla inserted which was a great help. While it was being inserted, everything that lead up to the procedure wasn&#039;t terrible. It felt like very extreme period cramps, and a burning sensation but nothing crazy. Afterwards, I did spot for an hour or so &amp; the cramps were outrageous. I had meds and a heating pad to help, and eventually they went away. Skyla has done a great job so far with helping my period become short and light, and protecting me from an unwanted pregnancy. It is worth it to get, as long as you can deal with a long period after skyla is inserted and extreme cramps for a short sections of time. Pain &amp; blood do go away after the regulation of Skyla."
"I have been on this medicine for almost 3 months and must say it has a really big impact on my MS. I have improved. Who improves when having this disease for 10 years.  I have had side effects such as nausea, malaise, headache and GI problems but worth it for the benefits."
"My daughter had a liver transplant almost 15 year&#039;s ago. After 6 months Prograf was the only mediicine she was taking. Has had NO set backs, no problems. She has given birth to 3 beautiful, smart children with no problems or side effects.

Thank God for Prograf. She is on 2mg twice a day."
"I am 64 years old and began taking Contrave two weeks ago.  I am 5&#039;6&quot; and at the doctor&#039;s office I weighed in at 178.9 on June 24.  Today I weighed in at 175.0 so I have lost about two pounds per week.  My doctor advised to stay at the level I felt most physically comfortable.  I have noticed that it does make me drowsy  later in the day, particularly if I am not physically up and moving about. The advice was to take the first dose in the morning (early riser), and take the second dose closer to bedtime in the evening.  I am following a high protein/low carb diet and have not yet incorporated the exercise of 30-60 min. walks. Will do so when my dosage changes from 1/1 to 2/1 tomorrow and see how it goes.   Good luck, everybody!"
"The easiest birth control I ever took, I couldn&#039;t feel it at all, even during sex. My partner said he couldn&#039;t feel it either. Then only down side was the side effects, I&#039;m a pretty tiny girl (5&quot;7 under 120 pounds) and the ring made me really nauseous, unbelievably tired, my entire body was sore especially in my legs and overall made me feel a little weird. I didn&#039;t like how it was making me feel and after a couple of days of feeling really crappy I had to take it out. I felt normal after 2 days without it and haven&#039;t put it back in since. Might consider something else for next month."
"Percocet made tonsillectomy pain go from 9/10 to 4/19 allowing me to sleep comfortably at night.

It also works for my migraines as sleeping is the cure and the drowsiness effect makes it easy to sleep.

Finally, my ear is swollen shut now and *very* painful, and Percocet eliminates most of the pain."
"It keeps me very sane."
"When I started otezla, I was having moderate arthritis affects. Right away I had head and neck pain. Throughout the 4 months I was on it, I lost 10 lbs, no appetite, nausea, bad flu flares, sometimes rapid heartbeat and no discernable relief. At 4 month mark I experienced a massive spasming of my scalp and neck muscles. As in tetany. You need your neck to sit up, lay down, walk, drive..I couldn&#039;t do anything. I like to think my pain threshold is high, but this brought me to my knees. I&#039;ve been on more Prednisone with otezla then ever before..just to counteract all the flares, tendon pain. I&#039;m off otezla now for 4 days, and still cannot move my neck properly. I hope with time it goes away. No benefits, lots of aggravation. Not a good med for"
"Okay: typical story. I would cry because I couldn&#039;t wear red, and so on and so forth. Anyway, I&#039;m currently on day three of using this. Night one: it burned and itched a bit but nothing major, and the next day- you guessed it- no sweating. Zip. Zilch. Played ping pong for literally 2 hours and was dry as the Sahara. Night two:  I showered and, without thinking, shaved, dried off thoroughly and applied the Drysol. I was shaking. My armpits felt like the fricken sun and I was considering writing my will. Day two: my pits hurt so bad that I couldn&#039;t lift my arms. Night three: showered, but definitely didn&#039;t shave. Burns unbelievably, and itches like sandpaper, but I believe that&#039;s because I basically slaughtered my sweat glands by shaving."
"I actually posted on here awhile back when I first started taking Lexapro. I have now been on 10 mg/day for four months. It definitely has cured my depression and irritability, but I always feel fatigued and I can&#039;t seem to lose the belly fat I acquired since being on Lexapro. My doctor insists this doesnot affect your metabolism or cause weight gain, BUT I am eating less (and better) than ever before, and exercising, and I can&#039;t lose any weight, where before, I could lose it pretty quickly with diet and exercise. I guess I&#039;m not really sure if it&#039;s the Lexapro or not, but I do feel tired and bloated all the time. I am a really small person (4&#039;11&quot;) and the belly fat really shows. Not sure what to do."
"This product is amazing! So happy to see it available again. Negative reviews seem to be people that weren&#039;t given proper instructions (or ignored the instruction given) to say out of the sun or use strong protection when using. Tri Luma is the only product out there that worked/works for me and that has made a huge difference in my life. I have seem amazing results in just a week when I first started using it. I am happy that its available again. Thank you for finally bringing it back. LOVE!"
"For me it has worked great. At first when I felt a panic attack coming on I took .5mg as soon as I felt it coming on and within 5-10 min I felt incredibly better. After about 3-4 months I was up to 1mg daily at most. It seemed to lose effectiveness after about 5 months so my Dr has tried other medications and weened me off the klonopin. After several months of trial and error (Guinea-pigging) I asked the Dr to put me back on the klonopin and it has since worked great again. Ive been back on it for about a month now. Hope it continues to work. I rated a 9/10 only because it lost effectiveness for awhile."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control for almost 10 years. I have tried at least 8 kinds of oral contraceptive and went from feeling severe anxiety, spotting, nauseous, etc. The only pill that had seemed to work for me was Seasonale (which if you want to go the oral route, I definitely recommend) however couple of years ago it stopped working for me and had to come off it, switched to another oral and actually became pregnant (used precautions, was aware that it can take 3-6 months to work, had been on it for 8). After that I decided to try the patch and I absolutely love it. My sex drive is back with flying colors, no mood swings, no spotting. In the beginning I did feel a little nauseous but that went away in no time. I definitely recommend it."
"Antidepressants have only worked for me through there initial introduction phase and then they wear off and I can become suicidal again. Since 2 years ago I started Lithium carbonate and I can not remember feeling so stable and so happy in long time. What I like so much about this medicine is if I miss a few tablets in a row I it usually takes like a week and I feel my old self again. As opposed to antidepressants that can take 3-4 weeks. I love lithium, it has saved my life."
"The problem was sleep deprivation and my physician suggested Atarax and explained that sleeping is when the body restores itself making it vitally important to get a good night of sleep. I take one pill in the evening and sleep soundly and for now this is the right solution."
"I have been taking this for 12 yrs , made a big differences in my life. Tried every medicine and none had the same effect. Take two pills a day, 3 upsets my stomach. Without this I would be bedridden."
"So after almost a month no sex I got it....needless to say I got it...I went to doctors and he gave me 8 250ml pills in one dosage. I promptly went right back to work not thinking anything...oh ya empty stomach 9am....between sweating. Dry vomiting cause I was still driving.... not the work nearly cropped myself I thought I need food fast or I am pretty much fucked....I ate something and this point I shit pure Brown water 30 minutes straight....but it cured me lol"
"I got a Paragard at 24 and have never been pregnant. The insertion was not too painful, having the speculum inserted for about 3 minutes was uncomfortable and it just felt like period cramps the rest of the day. The first time I was sexually active a few days after insertion it hurt a bit but that was it. No pain after that but had pretty continual bleeding for 3 months. The bleeding was very light, I put a diva cup in all day and didn&#039;t worry about it, didn&#039;t even need it at night. 
Only once at about 3 moths in after fairly rough sex I had a stabbing pain in the lower right side of my abdomen. Took an Advil which made it go away. Went to the doctor and the iud was in the proper place. Doctor said it could have been ovulation."
"not as effective as diazipam but as you probly know diazipam is for short term use only as it is very addictive unfortunatly."
"I&#039;m hypothyroid and skinny as a rail and cannot even gain a single pound, 58 yo, 5&#039;6&quot; 88 lbs, thyroid damaged through radiation, have been on synthroid/levothyroxin 50 mcg daily, and I notice no change at all, still no energy, still totally exhaust 24/7,still losing weight like crazy with a relatively healthy appetite. However, since I totally trust my oncologist, I keep taking them."
"I started Lutera about a month ago. I was on the Nuvaring before that. I switched to Lutera because being as active as I am, the Nuvaring somehow found it&#039;s way out. Lutera is the first birth control pill that I have taken, and my experience has been great so far. The pills are small and easy to swallow which was a huge plus! I did not have breakthrough bleeding on the pill like I did with the Nuvaring {I skip my periods purposely by starting a new pack instead of the inactive week pill/Nuvaring} so that was fantastic as well. No pregnancies here, so it&#039;s been very effective for that! I never had any nausea with the pill, but I did have some weight gain {about 6 pounds, which did not make me happy!}."
"This birth control literally made me insane and depressed . Throwing it away was the best thing I&#039;ve ever done !!!! Please be careful"
"NuvaRing is my first non oral birth control and I have been using it for 3 months now. I have had no bad side effects using it except that it can be felt during intercourse but that is easily rectified. It&#039;s super easy to use and as its in for 3 weeks, it&#039;s almost entirely worry free! It was a huge change for me not thinking about daily having to take a pill so that made a great change."
"First, let me preface this by saying that EVERY woman&#039;s body is DIFFERENT. Don&#039;t let these comments highly influence if you decide to take or not to take Sprintec.  You yourself have to try it and see if it works for you.  
With that being said, I have been on Sprintec for a little over 5 months.  It works for me.  I really haven&#039;t had any side effects.....no weight gain, no acne, no crazy moods. 
I am a Sunday starter and my period usually comes on late Tuesday or early Wednesday during the week of the placebo pill.  The only thing I will say against it is that I haven&#039;t experienced the shorter periods.  My period still stays on for about 5 days. Most importantly of all, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant!"
"I took Zomig because I got diagnosed with migraines during my second year of college. I took it during one of the lectures. My face got wicked itchy so I had to take a Benadryl. The next time I figured that I would just take the Benadryl with it so I was safe......I found out very quickly that I have an anaphylaxis reaction and almost stopped breathing. While I understand that I&#039;m just allergic to this medication it really didn&#039;t get rid of the headache and just made things worse for me. Hopefully it will work for others."
"Be 100% sure all opiates and methadone are completely out of your system, I had taken 60 mgs of methadone 6 days before I got my shot, I told my doctor up front, and I am not a chronic methadone user, maybe used it 4-5 times in the span of 2 months when hydrocodone wasn&#039;t available. It threw me into the worst withdrawals of my life. And I have had severe withdrawal in the past but this was so very intense unlike anything, for 2 days straight. The doc said it would be fine at 6 days but he was wrong, 15 min after injection I went into full fledge withdrawal, severe cramps, spasms, fever, vomiting, freezing yet burning up. Make sure it is out of your body completely before you start, if you test positive for methadone don&#039;t take the shot wait it out."
"Had been on the Zyclara, putting it on my chest only, for 10 days when I experienced high fever, chills, shortness of breath, nausea, sore throat, aching joints, headache, numbness in my fingers, metallic taste in my mouth, dry mouth and extremely tired.  Dr. told me to stop.  Symptoms still continue after 5 days off.  He refuses to say it&#039;s from the cream, but I am never sick and only became sick after being on the cream.  Hopefully, the cream will have done it&#039;s job  and after the redness and spots disappear, I will have a clear chest again.  It is a chemotherapy cream, so no wonder there will be side effects.  Stupid doctor for not taking responsibility for this!!!!"
"I started Wellbutrin SR just last week. I feel 90% better already. Previously I was taking Zoloft and after a year and a half I felt sluggish, tired, hopeless, and just plain blah. I now don&#039;t have constant worrying, it helps withy OCD, and the things that bothered me before have just become basically no big deal to me. I happier, I focus much better? And my spirits are brighter than they have been in months!!!"
"I&#039;m writing again because it&#039;s been a little over a year since I posted my experience with Botox for dystonia and migraines. This past year has been truly remarkable and while I haven&#039;t been 100% migraine free or pain free, &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot;. My doctor, God bless her, received training from Allergan on the latest protocol for migraines, so the frequency of my migraines has lessened with the new therapy. As I am writing this, I am amazed that not ONE muscle is in spasm in my neck...now the tears are starting. It&#039;s so wonderful! That&#039;s what I wanted to share.  Every time I&#039;ve gotten my injections it&#039;s been a little different, but I think the variable has been me...not the Botox. Don&#039;t give up. Try it if you can."
"I had the same exact experience as neveragain. It was the worst pain of my life. I rubbed myself raw, it felt like poisonous gas on the outside and inside of my vagina. Sex hurt for weeks aftwards. I used this a year ago, and sex on occasion still hurts. If this truly does this to one in three people, it should be taken on the market."
"I would strongly suggest this product - I&#039;ve been using it for about a year and a half with no complaints. Occasionally it slips down a little, but that&#039;s easily fixed. The only difficult part is that you don&#039;t develop a routine, so you have to mark a calendar to remember to take it out / put it in. I&#039;ve only forgotten once, by a little less than a day, but that meant I had to wait a week to have sex."
"My son, husband and I all took this and it certainly works! Yuck!  We knew we had them, but we were even blowing them out of our noses, eeeuuu, so gross!  Side effects have been all had a rash, 2 had/have headaches,  2 GI upset with diarrhea, &amp; all 3 spent more time in the bathroom then we want to admit even here.  Is it worth it? YES, yes it is, especially if you consider the thoroughly disgusting alternative."
"I&#039;ve been taking Valtrex for almost 18 years for suppression of cold sores.  i would get them all the time before Valtrex, probably like 7 a year.  I started with a daily dose of 500mg and would get one every now and again.  I up it to 1 gram and haven&#039;t had an outbreak in more than 10 years!  Now, I&#039;m back down to 500mg and if i feel an olutbreak coming on I&#039;ll put a little zoviraz on it with some DMSO after and the sore goes away within 30 minutes.  The combination works well.  Hope this helps."
"42 y.o. Female with anxiety and insomnia. Taking Lorazepam (0.25-0.5mg) before bed. Works very well for me. No side effects, lowers anxiety level and helps me to sleep. Never had a need to take more, only less and all depending on stress levels at home. Went for a long trip and forgot it, no withdrawal symptoms. 3 years and not planning to stop unless something better comes around."
"I have been taking this medication with a doctor&#039;s supervision for a month now and have lost nearly 20 lbs! This is certainly a kick-start and I feel hopeful, having 80  more to take off. I do feel full and energized while taking it. I still have an appetite, but am able to control it much more successfully. I drink a lot of water and chew sugarless gum to help with the dry mouth issue. I have minimized my carbohydrate/red meat intake and eat much more fruit and veggies. No more diet soda/artificial sweetners. I do use small amounts of raw olive oil for vegetables and salads. I have also found that when dining out, I am now only eating half of the portion. I am a bit more irritable but will deal with it, so happy with the result!"
"I had been struggling with opiate addiction for 2 years when I finally decided I had to give in and take methadone. I was set against it at first due to things said about it being harder to get off. I did succeed in quitting opiates cold turkey 2 times and I ended up going back cause I was stupid. I like any addict began to tell myself that I could still do it every once and a while and enjoy that sweet rush we all know and love. Well I was wrong. "
"I&#039;ve been on LoSeasonique for 2 sets (6 months).  I&#039;ve seen no weight gain, no changes in my skin, and my hair is as thick as ever.  I like it, I went off of LoEstrin because I had bad cramps that got worse when I went off it for a year, and pelvic pain (caused by cysts).  SO, this birth control certainly assisted with alleviating these issues.  It&#039;s helpful though to exercise regularly I think.  I&#039;ve had spotting but its nothing compared to my normal heavy periods. I am questioning what other benefits this pill may hold over others. "
"After a full day of liquid diet drank the first bottle at 6pm. I was able to get it down with a straw no problem.  Drank a cup of chicken broth 15 minutes later to get rid of after taste. An hour later threw up everything and had to cancel the procedure after I called the doctor.  Whatever is left in my system did empty my bowels though."
"I got mine placed in August of 2014, I had a normal period after insertion and then the annoying &quot;last day period&quot; nonsense for three weeks. From September to March I had no period! Absolutely wonderful! However, now I&#039;m getting break through bleeding, curiously the day after I have intercourse. It will be very tissue-y and not the typical period-like stuff. It lasts anywhere from a couple of days to over a week. I thought at first that maybe I was just getting a period. But since the beginning of March it has happened 4 times. I called my doc and she is going to get me in for an ultrasound and exam. She doesn&#039;t think its normal. Besides that however, I&#039;ve had no issues."
"I have been using Keppra, in addition to my other anti-seizure medicines, for about six years. It has been great but the generic has been horrible. I just wish that manufacturers of Keppra would make it more affordable so that people like us wouldn&#039;t get nailed when the bill comes. "
"It did help a bit, but you really have to watch out for side effects. I recommend starting a mood journal if you haven&#039;t already while taking this medicine. It made me very violent without realizing it."
"I got mine put in in January of 08. I got pretty heavy periods for about 6 months after. I haven&#039;t used a tampon since, mini pads work just fine. I get it roughly every%uFEFF 8 weeks. Sometimes if it goes too long, I have taken a pregnancy test to make sure, all negative. I really don&#039;t like people making negative comments when they had it in less than a week. It&#039;s not instantaneous, you have to give your body time to adjust. The Implanon itself doesn&#039;t hurt, it hasn&#039;t pained me since the first few days. I have had NONE of these symptoms, any weight gain was from unhealthy eating habits. I do not bleed constantly, not stressed, crazy or depressed."
"I took this attempting to get rid of a cough and chest congestion. I am a 105lb 30 year old female. I took one pill yesterday and felt a little better. That was a half does so today I tried 2 pills, a full dose. After feeling nauseous for several hours I finally threw up several times and am feeling much better. I will not be taking it again, and would rather allow the congestion to run its course."
"I had to get rescued  from hypogycemia after using Ryzodeg insulin.  I see it is a  side effects"
"I started using Accutane a month ago and my face has not cleared up yet, The first week I had no new break out but then my, like clockwork they started popping up again. Hearing all these stories keeps me hopeful. I never had acne till I was about 20, I&#039;m 22 now. Fingers crossed my face starts getting better."
"I was put on Nucynta 6 months ago. Way better than Norco. I am able to return to work and be productive. It is short term, about 3-4 hrs, but I feel more in control of my pain that way. Having trouble sleeping through the night with the pain waking me around 2 in the morning. Doctor prescribed Oxycodone time delayed to get through the night."
"I have been taking Xanax 0.25 for less than four years to control anxiety mainly before sleep. It works really well until it does exactly opposite for its purpose, causing more anxiety and distress. I have been taking Xanax randomly only to relax me before sleep, say 3 times a month, 10 times a month and most of the time half of the 0.25. I noticed that overtime especially in the months I took it more often, the anxiety, the fast heart beats and confusion and strange muscle weakness were getting beyond tolerable. In few words, I would tell anyone there that NO ONE should even begin taking this very addictive Xanax. Better suffer through your difficulties than using Xanax to ease your anxiety and panic. The drug will take you to abyss."
"Honestly, it seemed to make my face appear shiny/greasy and though it cleared up my moderate acne slightly, it did not make the redness/possible scarring areas go away on my cheeks as well the excessive pimples on my forehead. Talking to my doctor soon about a possible better acne solution.

Didn&#039;t work for me, but hope it worked for everyone else!"
"Had my first Lupron shot before 45 days of radiation. Having hot flashes,muscle and joint pain but not too bad. Doing the shot every 3 months. Psa went from 11.5 to 0.1. Next shot coming up in couple weeks. Don&#039;t have a problem with the shot or after having it. I think Lupron has been helping me, but everyone has different experiencies with it. Good luck to all you prostate cancer people."
"I went through a medical abortion and I decided to get the Mirena IUD because the pill wasn&#039;t working for me. I had mirena inserted 9 days after my abortion.
After my insertion, I felt no pain. I drove home pretty happy with my decision and relaxed for the rest of my day. Six hours later, I started getting really horrible cramps. It was so bad that I began having second thoughts, almost as bad as the abortion... Laying down, some hot soup and a heating pad made things tolerable.
The next day, the cramps dramatically subsided, and by the end of my first week, the cramps were nonexistent or very rare. It&#039;s been a month and I&#039;m still spotting, but I&#039;m very happy with my decision so far. Btw my boyfriend never feels it and he&#039;s at least 7in..."
"I got my first depo shot in October 2015 everything was fine till December started feeling really sleepy and had heavy bleeding for about 2 weeks then it stopped and started again on new years and ever since  I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding. It goes from spotting to light bleeding and heavy bleeding I am really scared and I&#039;m only 18 is this normal ?"
"Stopped a lip breakout within an hour. I had gastric stasis from a migraine and I did not get nauseated from this medication."
"Only giving this drug a 5/10 because it has only been about a week and most medications work well for the first week.
However, at the moment things are going much better for me! I was at a point where I was crying and snapping at people almost constantly. 
I&#039;m now taking 25mg of vistaril in the morning and 0.5mg klonopin before bed. The vistaril doesn&#039;t make me tired at all, just strangely calm (not in a tranquilized way) and the klonopin helps me actually sleep. For now, this seems to be a great medication and a great combination as well."
"I started Nexplanon August 2015 after I had previously been on LoSeasonique birth control for 7 years, which gave me periods every 3 months.  The first 6 months on Nexplanon were great, no period!  Then I started getting cystic acne, deep painful acne under the skin that wouldn&#039;t go away.  I tried everything to get rid of the acne but nothing helped, my OBGYN said it was hormonal due to the implant.  Then I started getting irregular periods, and it was dark brown and clumpy.  Fast forward to February 2017, my acne is down to 2 bumps at a time but the periods start and stop without notice.  Some days it&#039;ll be so bad that I even get cramps.  Is it great that I don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill? - Yes.  But the side effects suck."
"In preparation for a colonoscopy I was given this medicine case I became nauseated. I took 1 tablet as I was feeling a bit nauseous after taking the &quot;cleansing&quot; drug prescribed by my Doctor and within 15 minutes the nausea subsided. Then I fell asleep for several hours. Does what it is supposed to."
"For last 8 months, Fetzima has worked very well (after the initial transition period from my last medication.) Over the last 15 years, I have been on many effective anti-depressants, but after about 2-3 years these medications start to become ineffective (Zoloft, Lexapro, Cymbalta, etc). Started taking Fetzima 8 months ago, and the first month involved a lot of agitation/anger (very unlike me) and also having to adjust the dosage upward.....now at 120. Since then It has been a good experience. Feel centered and have energy. One very good side effect has been pain relief from my arthritis in my knees and back. I have dry mouth with this and every other anti-depressant I have taken. The drug is very expensive."
"Been on hydroxychloroquine for 2 weeks now, yes nausea was an issue at first but easily resolved if you eat first. It has dramatically changed my quality of life I have more energy and in a year and a half I wake with no pain and stiffness."
"The person above me mentions he takes it with an ice cream sandwich. Don&#039;t. You aren&#039;t supposed to have dairy when you take this medicine. You have to wait until its absorbed 3-4 hours later. That&#039;s what the pharmacist told me."
"Zoloft/Sertaline has allowed me to continue doing the job and living the lifestyle I love. Not only did it lift me out of the dark pit of depression, it has helped me cope with high-anxiety periods of intense stress - on a minimal dosage and without any side effects."
"Normally antidepressants work on me within a few days to a week if they are going to work at all. Not so with mirtazapine! It took about 4 weeks to work and when it did, it improved my depression and anxiety symptoms more than any other antidepression/antianxiety drug I have ever taken (Lexapro, Wellbutrin, Cymbalta, Effexor, Klonopin). I am glad I didn&#039;t give up on it after a short time, for I never would have discovered how well it worked for me!"
"I am 29 been suffering since I was 15. I was Diagnosed with chronic cluster headaches until I was about 24. Dr currently has me on verapamil 240mg 2x daily. I&#039;ve been on for approx 18 months after trying other various methods and well it Works EXCELLENT. I have 1 serious side effect...&quot;I lost my mojo baby&quot; no but for real being 29 and having zero sex drive and impotence problems with my current girlfriend is becoming an issue. I have tried to taper off verapamil but 2-3 days later the headaches come back. Verapamil is the only medication that has worked for me. I am not sure what I should do. Sex vs Clusters. Sad to say but I&#039;d rather not have the headaches."
"Imitrex took away my migraine but I could not function on it.  I had to lay down completely still and go to sleep because it made me so nauseous I felt like vomiting every time I moved.  I was extremely dizzy and it made my skin painful to the touch.  Even after the migraine went away I still felt out of it the rest of the day.  I would definitely ask for samples before paying for the prescription!"
"I have suffered from obsessive thoughts for 26 years. I have tried different medications over the years. I was on Paxil for 10 years but I never ever felt totally well and I slowly stopped taking it and became very ill. I started taking clomipramine again seven years ago. Again it saved my life and I have been able to have a successful career. I take 250 mg a day. I hate the side effect of weight gain but I will never sacrifice my mental health to lose weight."
"I had the implant put in the beginning of November 2016. Within 3 weeks I had some spotting that lasted for two weeks but nothing since. My acne has gone away and I&#039;ve had no major weight changes. I do feel slightly more emotional than normal but nothing over the top. I had some friends have similar side effects. Overall this is the best birth control I could have asked for!"
"So I had sex with a condom but it broke we stopped immediately n panicked becuz, well it broke but he didnt come. So just to be safe we got Plan B n took it literally 30 mins after. Mind you I was also ovulating. After a few days about 3 days later I got what I think was a light period but I couldn&#039;t tell - there was blood for 3 days. Then after that I constantly felt nauseous and emotional sometimes a bit dizzy but that could have been do to stress and me working out as well. But I took 2 pregnancy test at 2 different times becuz I haven&#039;t gotten my period yet but! Both test came out negative and I myself am known to miss my period alot because of how stressed I can. Sooo besides the side effects I think it works and I am also overweight."
"So I thought it was paranoia. Wtf? The package says mild burning with application and I&#039;ve never experienced this before years ago. With everyone having the same experience I wonder if this isn&#039;t the right medication."
"I just started taking TriSprintec two days ago. I take the pill at 10pm everynight, as recommended by my doctor. The only side effects I&#039;ve come across is being more emotional than usual - getting upset and crying over things I normally wouldn&#039;t cry over, and a slightly increased appetite. Hopefully these side effects will go away eventually. All in all it hasn&#039;t given me too many problems. "
"DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG! Point blank period it should be illegal! It gave me tendinitis only 4 after starting"
"This pill did horrible things to me. I felt nauseous constantly and experienced severe anxiety. So much so, that I could not leave the house without crying. I was depressed and gained 8 pounds. All of this in less than a few months. I finally went off Tri Sprintec when I realized that it was causing me these side effects. Absolutely terrifying experience."
"Citalopram is the best thing that ever happened to me. It was like a cloud was lifted and I could see everything in my life clearly. It is amazing and I have very minimal side effects. Just more intense dreams and at first it messed up my sleep schedule. I would be tired alot and then not be able to fall asleep. But that passed after a few weeks. Ive been on it for about 9 months now and it is still working great!"
"This is first time a have had a generic for this med, usually I get Pliva.  Not  pleased with generic, prefer Pliva"
"I am 29 years old and began abusing opioid medications about seven years ago.  At my worst, I was taking up to 50 tabs of 10 mg Norco per day.  When my own prescription ran out, usually within 2 to 3 days, I would manipulate my elderly grandmother into giving me her entire month&#039;s prescription.  I would mix these drugs with Ativan and alcohol.  It&#039;s a miracle I didn&#039;t kill myself.  I have three small children that I wasn&#039;t capable of caring for properly and a husband that picked up all the slack.  I made the decision to quit and have been on Suboxone for almost a week.  This medication has been a life-saver.  No withdrawl symptoms, no cravings for pain pills.  This is saving my life.  A truly amazing medication."
"Had an elderly aunt that lost her appetite and was down to 82 pounds. Doctor told her if she loses anymore weight, she will need to be hospitalized. After 3 months, she is now up to 100lbs."
"This medicine worked extremely well to treat my anxiety disorder. It did not take long for the medicine to help me control the problems I was experiencing. I used 20mgs for about 4 and half years. The only thing that prevents this treatment from receiving a higher score are the side effects and withdrawal symptoms. The side effects I experienced were a definite decrease in sexual desire and a weight gain in my mid section. Personally I don&#039;t feel that any drug treatment is a permanent option, so when I decided to wean off of the drug I figured it would not have that great of an effect on me. Yet the withdrawal symptoms that I am currently experiencing are quite terrible. I am sure they will go away with time, but I could definitely do without."
"After using for 8 months, I developed an itching rash.  I could not stop itching and the rash got red and covered my torso, arms and legs."
"I&#039;ve been taking wellbutrin 150 SR twice a day for 3 months now, I started with 150mg the first month and 300mg from the second month. It hasn&#039;t really helped me with depression like Prozac and Lexapro did. I told my doctor that I didn&#039;t want to gain weight like I did on those drugs so he prescribed me bupropion. I have more energy, I&#039;ve lost weight, but the depression is still there."
"Diagnosed MS 2/2015; problems started 12/2014
1st Tecfidera:  @4-5 months, many side-effects, horrible flushing, medicine worse than MS, t-cells plummeted. 
2nd Copaxone:  @ 2 months: hypothermia (one time very serious), and infections; @9 months, mammogram showed calcification.  Pre-filled needle is thick and painful; syringes are poorly made and slip, causing pain; big lumps at injection site.
3rd Wahl&#039;s protocal (level 1 w/supplements) and Radical Remission protocal:  All symptoms resolved, am better now than any time I can remember.  I look forward to MRI next month, will be about 1 1/2 months off meds at that time, and 11 months on Wahls &amp; Radical Remission lifestyle."
"it pretty much ruined my skin. . ive been using epiduo for 5 months now and it worked amazing and my dermatologist told me if I used aczone in the morning my red marks would go away faster.  What it did was create more red marks and made it insanely dry and red and horrible. I was on aczone for 2 months before I gave up like last week and now it burns whenever I wash my face so I have to wait a while for this stuff to drain out of my system yeah don&#039;t recommend but maybe it&#039;s because i use epiduo"
"I received the depo shot in September 2015. I did bleed for the first month.. The following month I began spotting... I began having a full period in December 2015 It is now February 2016 &amp; I am still bleeding... Nonstop!!!!! Help!!!!!!!"
"Felt better after first day, working on day 5 can&#039;t believe how super, great, wonderful, alert, and alive, I feel. After 27 years of fighting bi-polar disorder, I am amazed.  Hope it lasts. No side effects so far, hasn&#039;t helped my grammar or spelling.  Oh, taste? what taste?"
"I have been on Clonazepam 2mg twice daily for about 23 years. I have had partial seizures since age 14 after a serious head injury.  I was also on Dilantin, however I wanted children so after 10 years on Dilantin it was discontinued slowly and I remained on Clonazepam.  I have been seizure free for 22 years except for some myoclonus activity during sleep.  I have not had to increase my dosage and the only time I had a seizure was the two times my doctors tried to decrease my dose to see if I could come off.  Apparently, that is not in the cards. I have no side effects at this point in time, do not find it sedating.  I have always taken as prescribed and also maintain a healthy lifestyle."
"I had been on Haldol before which I am allergic to and it caused wasting away disease.  Invega was my last option and it helped fix what Haldol seemed to have ruined and took away a lot of the scary stuff I was dealing with like seeing people in my room.  The only thing is I am still hearing voices but they are mostly nice.  I am on 234mg a month."
"Saved my
Life. I went from level 10 pain daily to almost no pain after the first infusion. I cry when I talk about how this medication as given me a whole new lease on life. It has literally saved my life. 

My pain was so bad in my wrists that I couldn&#039;t do anything anymore. I was seriously thinking about suicide or just cutting my hands off. I&#039;m saved and I thank Remicade for it."
"Fluconazole works well for me. Pretty much zaps it out. I take it AS SOON possible, as I feel it coming on and see the first sign of white I take it. I get a YI about 1-3 x/year. Perhaps taking it promptly might be why it has worked well for me (?) I feel that it halts the infection process quickly (1day). Then gradually clears up by day 3-4. I like that it&#039;s just 1 pill, although instructions say to take 2nd pill a week later, I usually do not. It&#039;s very worth it; always keep extras at home just in case."
"I am a 42 year old woman, 5&#039;0&quot; and weigh 232lbs.  I am way too short to be this heavy. Severe depression over the years brought me to this weight.  Today is my first day on Aipex 37.5. I took 1/2 pill after having my morning smoothie.  I am doing Dr. Oz Day off Diet along with this.  So far so good I only felt a bit of a head rush but otherwise the energy is perfect. I&#039;m giving myself until January of next year to complete my full weight loss of 107lbs. I will be walking everyday as well. I will check in with updates every Monday. Hope I can help folks here as well."
"I was originally prescribed Cipro to treat my prostatitis. After 6 days Cipro proved ineffective for the particular bacteria I had. Switched to SMZ-TMP in addition to Flomax and already feel relief on day 2. SMZ-TMP was free at my local Publix. I would have given it a 10 if I wasn&#039;t taking it in combination with Flomax (which is also having positive results)."
"I have been on Geodon for over 4 years now. Granted, it was tough to start this medication with excessive sleepiness, but I did not give up on it because my doctor really recommended it and we titrated up to 120 mg per day taken in 4 separate doses of 40 mg. Geodon is an integral part of my bipolar disorder regimen! It stabilizes me perfectly with lamotrigine and Wellbutrin XL. It&#039;s a miracle drug!"
"I was prescribed  Tramadol to take together with Paracetamol for my chronic nerve pain. At first when I tried it, taking just one 50mg tablet it did almost nothing for me so I didn&#039;t bother taking it. Then later I tried taking 100mg together with Paracetamol and found it really helped and also improved my sense of well being, relaxation and general happiness. I take them only when necessary, and feel wary about taking it every day, because I&#039;ve read of serious addictions. I hope that taking it just three times a week will be fairly safe longer term."
"Seroquel 100mg saved my life. For 9 months I did not sleep because of an anxiety disorder.  I tried to kill myself three times.  Finally i was given Seroquel and 130mg trazadone. I have been sleeping well and not depressed for ten years. It has saved my life I am so grateful. Did put on 50lbs better that than being dead. Very grateful."
"I&#039;ve had the skyla for almost a year. The insertion hurt really bad but it depends on your pain tolerance. I had it put in twice. The first time it hurt so bad and as soon as I stood up after it was inserted I was bleeding heavy, and it didn&#039;t stop for two months, and I got so fed up I pulled it out myself. Then I went back and got it back in (took Advil, didn&#039;t hurt as bad) and did not bleed at all which was super weird to me. But I haven&#039;t gone a day without spotting and it&#039;s so annoying. I don&#039;t even know when I&#039;m having my period because I randomly bleed.  My bf felt it a few times and I had to get the string cut extra short and he still feels it sometimes, I&#039;m getting tired of the bleeding and spotting.. Thinking of getting it remove"
"I started treatment for depression and anxiety in 2001 - Zoloft, which helped somewhat, and I continued for years until Cymbalta came along. I tried it and it was better than Zoloft. After a year on Cymbalta I started to find it to be too expensive. 

I&#039;m a writer, a starving writer, and $5 a dose was too dear. I asked my doctor if he could recommend something similar but cheaper. He put me on Celexa. 

Wow - what a difference - Celexa was far more effective than either of the two meds I had  previously used- and dirt cheap!"
"I am a 64 yr old female.  I have been on Contrave for 9 days.  I have lost 8 pounds.  I have had few side effects, a slight headache and nausea.  I noticed a reduction in my cravings on day two.  I am a sweet nut.  I love to cook it and I love to eat it.  My worse craving is chocolate.  I want to loose a 100 lbs.  I spoke with my doctor about gastric bypass surgery.  She said she wanted to put me on Contrave; meanwhile, because it could take 6 months to a year with test and doctor&#039;s visits before having surgery.  I am on one pill in the morning and one at night.  I will be taking my evening dose earlier, because I am having a problem staying in bed.  My cravings are COMPETELY gone, even for chocolate.  Planning to continue on."
"At the suggestion of my OBGYN, for recurrent vaginal yeast infections that seemed to come 2 weeks after every single period for no reason. I decided to do the depo shot to keep my hormones high and potentially stop my period to hopefully end the yeast infections. I am rating this a 5. The yeast infections stopped, so it worked in that sense. However, the side effects are horrible! Weight gain, acne (always near the end of the 12 week mark when you&#039;re due for another shot ) and I&#039;m talking cystic acne, horrible horrible acne. I&#039;m 32 and my skin looks like I am going through puberty every time my shot is about to run out. I also get it on my back. Never before did I have that issue. Sex drive decreases. And, around the 12 weeks mark migraines"
"I was prescribed Effexor XR about 2 years after my mom passed away and it was the like the miracle drug for me.  Then about 9 months ago I received the generic substitute for Effexor (Venlafaxine) and I had this debilitating nausea and threw up every single time I took it.  Feeling this daily wiped me out and it caused problems for me at both of jobs.  I am highly upset about this change and want my EFFEXOR back.  I hear that I am not the only one this generic &quot;substitute&quot; has affected this way."
"Type 2 since 2008 and started on metformin with great results. Over the years the metformin has been progressively increased to the max dose to maintain my A1c at &lt;7. Metformin has now lost its effect and my last A1c was 10.1. Doctor discontinued the metformin and started Januvia 100 mg and Glucotrol xl 2.5 mg, gradually increasing to 20 mg/day. Nothing! The new combo has had absolutely no effect on my blood glucose levels. My FBS are &gt;170 every morning and 2 hr PP around 240! My next drug is the non-insulin injectable, Victoza. I so wish it could be different."
"This has been very effective in managing my symptoms of IBS-D. It helps with intestinal burning, gas, bloating and diarrhea, etc. I do still have to take Imodium at times. Side effects are not bothersome or have worn off.   I have been taking it regularly for years and if I forget to take a dose, my stomach (or intestines) remind me! It used to be very low cost which was great. Now it is getting more and more expensive. Medicare does not cover it. "
"I have been on this medication since I was 27. They diagnosed me with what you call a fluid tumor on my brain, which causes to much pressure on my brain which then causes migraine headaches, really bad ones. I lived with them from the age of 17 until they did a spinal tap and found out I had to much pressure. I have been on this medication ever since. I am now 51 years old."
"Hi,

I am 30 &amp; suffering from high BP. I was not able to have sex with my wife &amp; I did not get full erection or my erection did not last longer.

I took Manforce-50 one night; 3 hours after dinner &amp; the results were amazing. The erection was rock strong. The only problem I felt was that I took long time in ejaculation. The erection went off after I ejaculated but whole night I felt erection now &amp; then.

The effect of the tablet lasted for around 50-55 hours. There was not an erection all the time; but it came up very easily every time I wanted.

Don&#039;t use this tablet every now &amp; then. but once a month you want to make good love with your partner..."
"what a relief....i can walk, bend, squat again. "
"Worked at first reducing need for insulin.  However, never lost any weight. Started to have terrible pain in joints and back. I think there is some temporary worsening as I have quit it now."
"Fast and effective."
"I was on Lo Loestrin Fe for 4 months, during that time my hair started falling off, dramatically.I didn&#039;t get pregnant so it served its purpose but I had to stop taking it because I was literally going bald. I noticed hair loss is not noted as a side effect, but it&#039;s been 1 month since i stopped taking Lo Loestrin Fe and my hair has been growing back and it hasn&#039;t been falling off anymore."
"I started lithium nearly 2 years ago,  thyroid went almost instantly along with energy and about 10% of my hair.  Then followed by liver (they keep saying liver isn&#039;t affected but I never had a problem with my liver and had blood tests done 3 months before my lithium start). I have a huge personal event happen that shattered those around me but I am completely numb.  When you can&#039;t feel then you have to ask is it worth it."
"I took this medication for an entire year and I noticed NO change whatsoever. I had given up then one year later I noticed 2 of the 4 nails that were infected had grown into healthy nails. Hopefully the other two get the hint."
"After reading a lot of negative reviews I was nervous at first to start Kariva. I automatically thought it was going to be bad for me but I have not had one bad thing to say about Kariva. It cleared my skin a couple months after starting it along with preventing pregnancy. Other than that my sex drive, weight, moods and eating habits have all stayed the same. I think it really differs from person to person because I love it."
"I have been on Implanon for nearly two and a half years now.  I had been on the Depo before that for about five years.  My biggest concern was not getting my period because that was the whole reason I was originally put on birth control.  I essentially cannot function when I get my period and with the Implanon I have not gotten it once.  I gained a lot of weight on the Depo, but once on Implanon I lost 20lbs. Although I was exercising regularly as well.  The only negative side effect I&#039;ve experienced is a lowered sex drive.  Other than that I love this birth control.  I think people just need to realize that different bodies respond differently to medications."
"I was prescribed this for asthma.  I suffer from really bad cedar fever which is a problem in Texas.  I am a rather slim female and at first my doctor gave me the regular adult dosage.  It was too strong.  I had heart palpitations and almost called 911 once after taking it.  I requested my doctor give me an adolescents strength dosage - which he did.  That worked much better.  It still is a very strong and it knocked me out, but I didn&#039;t have to worry about calling 911 or not waking up from it.  Asthma is tough to treat.  Medicine is necessary, but sometimes the meds are as bad as the disease.  My advice is to start with the lowest dosage your doctor thinks will work.  You can always take more if necessary."
"The pill  itself is fine..but the package is ridiculous. .the pills are too hard to get out of the package..i had to cut..poke with knive and scissors  etc..please make a more user friendly package  or just put in a bottle..having  arthritis  and less flexibility in my hands..it was impossible  to get the pill out in a solid piece....its most likely my only purchase  of slow fe unless i can find one in different  package"
"This was the worst thing I&#039;ve ever taken. Within 15 minutes I started to get a cough. I got sicker from then on. Two hrs after dose I had a constant cough, pain in my chest, a fever, tremors and chills, muscle weakness, and a massive headache. I had to use the restroom and could hardly get there. On the way back to bed my legs just gave out under me. It took 12 hrs before my legs and arms worked right, about 14hrs for fever and It took 24 for my headache to subside. My chest is still sore. If I take a deep breath I will cough. I would not recommend this drug. My pharmacist and Drs office said that it sounds like I&#039;m getting the flu because this drug doesn&#039;t do that. Read the side effects. It does it all!"
"Came down with my first YI at 26 weeks pregnant. Doctor prescribed me terconazole 0.4% cream for 7 days. Just took 2nd treatment and so far so good. Didn&#039;t have itching or burning before the cream so can&#039;t speak to it alleviating that, but it does seem to be flushing out the infection. I did get nauseous for a few hours after I used for the first night, but it&#039;s gone away now."
"I am 24 years old and have been on this pill for about a year and a half. I rarely have periods, my last one was about 6 months ago, and when I do have a period it is super light and only lasts about 3 days. I haven&#039;t experienced any cramping, mood swings, intermittent bleeding, etc. while on the pill. The biggest downside is definitely the effect on my sex drive--it is nonexistent since switching to this pill."
"I thought that this would clear up my face, (was hoping at least), and it didn&#039;t. I mean I break out just like I did before and it&#039;s annoying, however if you don&#039;t have acne and you want a good birth control I highly recommend this because it really does do it&#039;s job. My periods are always on time, and they aren&#039;t unbearable at all. I think I gained weight, but then it went away. So it didn&#039;t affect my acne, and I think it&#039;s a good birth control."
"I have chronic rhinitis. I was very ill last year, and my immune system hasn&#039;t been the same since. My immune system now reacts to everything around me, i.e. I&#039;m allergic to all of my surroundings: dust, pollen, etc. Instead of the typical runny nose and sneezing, the inner membrane of my nose would swell almost completely shut. I was miserable. Accompanied by a nasal spray, Allegra D was the best thing that&#039;s ever been prescribed to me! Although at first I suffered severe insomnia, the side-effects became milder with time."
"Anxiety can really have a detrimental effect on ones life but it&#039;s just not taken seriously. Nor by the &quot;pull yourself together brigade&quot; or even to some GP&#039;s. 3 years ago I became seriously depressed and I visited 5 GP&#039;s before I felt I was being taken seriously. Anyway my point is I&#039;m now much better mainly through Valium (3x5mg a day). Anxiety ruins peoples lives."
"I have been taking trazodone for over 7 years. Was prescribed for insomnia and as long as I take it, it&#039;s fantastic. Sleep like a baby. Takes about an hour for it to work and will cause nausea on an empty stomach. If I don&#039;t go to bed within an hour of taking this medicine, I will be staggering around running into walls, furniture, etc.  Tried many different sleep meds and this one was the only one that worked for me. I believe it has also provided benefits with treatment for depression and anxiety, although never formally diagnosed."
"I took Bydureon for a little over 4 months. The results were disastrous. My A1c went up over 2 points, I had constant hunger, I was tired more than normal. It was extremely expensive. I had Pea sized lumps and red spots at the injection sites. I felt like I got some bad advice."
"I was diagnosed with GAD and panic disorder three years ago. I have tried ever antidepressant out there. None ever gave me relief except for paxil. I truly credit paxil for saving my sanity, and stopping most of my panic attacks. Although I still have anxiety from time to time, it is nothing I can&#039;t manage. I&#039;ve been taking 40 mgs of paxil for about 9 months. I finally feel like my normal self again."
"Absolutely awful. Will never take it again. I would rather have a YI than feel this. I took it and within 10 minutes my vagina was on fire. So bad that it brought me to tears. So not worth it at all."
"Have been on Victoza for 1 1/2 months. Have lost about 10 lbs which is good for me. BS is great now I am at 1.2mg.  My only real complaint is that I get very sleepy about 2 hours after the injection. Have mild constipation and occasional nausea after 2 weeks. Initially had bad nausea. I am real pleased with how it is working for me so far."
"I was on Remicade for five years and the Crohn&#039;s Disease went into remission BUT it did a number on my immune system.  I got staph infection and eventually a septic hip.  Had to have hip surgery which consisted of a spacer for 6 months as well as medication through a pic line.  In hospital for three and a 1/2 months and nearly another 3 months at home before I was in condition to have a hip replacement.  I also have kidney disease which is partly due to medications I took while fighting Crohn&#039;s disease.  Just waiting to die and get these diseases over with.   Really consider the side effects of Remicade - septic hip was not mentioned."
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for about half a year now on 200mg. I&#039;m not taking it for depression, it&#039;s being used in conjunction with other things for rage and anger, hypervigilence, as well as dissociation.

I&#039;ve been pretty lucky with this medication because I experience absolutely zero side effects, in fact I could probably take a higher dose right now although I&#039;d rather stick with the minimum and use coping techniques.

I still feel like &quot;me&quot; on Zoloft. In fact I feel more like myself then I have in a long time. I still feel my emotions and everything, although I experience them in a healthy, normal way. I don&#039;t experience all of the irrational, exaggerated, awful feelings and sensations I used to, in a good way.

I feel normal again."
"I actually have ADD. This medication gives me energy, helps me focus, and aids in retention of information. It is a vital part of my daily performance."
"I&#039;ve been on Lolo for a year now. I literally thought I was pregnant until reading these reviews (still going to the doc today of course), I am dizzy, hungry, nauseous, breast are very sore (mostly at days end), I&#039;ve been a tiny girl my whole life and gained 15 lbs in the last 2 months! I work out nearly everyday and eat super healthy. I&#039;ve also had depression and suicidal / irrational thoughts. Dryness has also been a problem along with severe chest pain from time to time. I&#039;m 31 and do not recommend this pill."
"Used as alternative to albuterol inhaler due to rapid heart rate after its use. Good for use during mild to moderate acute asthma. I use for mild asthma. If Xopenex inhaler doesn&#039;t completely work, I know it&#039;s time to step up treatment with regular nebulized medication &amp; a doctors visit."
"I have been using Axiron (60 mg daily) for two months now. Before I started my testosterone level was around 430, which is a little low for a 40 year old male (has been as low as 190). I was doing the injections, but the constant ups and downs were terrible. Needless to say I was optimistic when told about Axiron, but it&#039;s proven to be short lived. I  had my testosterone level checked again last week and it dropped to 217! I suspected something was wrong when fatigue started setting back in. Anyway, I went back to my doctor today and he increased the dose to 120 mg daily. Will have my level checked again in 10 weeks, Hope it starts working. "
"I&#039;ve been on the patch one month, a complete cycle. I started after my first ever miscarriage, so I was a little weary and nervous of how my periods were going to be since I have been bleeding off and on the past 2-3 months! Xulane works amazing for me!! My period is shorter and lighter but I still spot a few times which was expected. But I have literally had no other side effects! I forget it is there! I alternate putting it on each side of my back, above my pants line but below my bra line so no irritation. It has never fallen off, even with bathtubs I had no issues. I have seen a lot of negative comments but I truly think it is just how your body will handle it. The patch is amazing for me, but the pill makes me so sick. I recommend!!"
"I take this medication for severe abdominal pain associated with IBS. It&#039;s the best medication I have found in terms of controlling the pain, and works even better than painkillers. However, like others have noted, it makes me VERY drowsy and just gives me an &quot;out of it&quot; feeling even after it wears off. I would definitely not recommend taking it if you have to drive, take a test - really anything but the most basic physical and cognitive functions are impaired."
"I&#039;m writing from the UK!  The main difference is that all our medication is free for over 65s and some others.  I&#039;ve been on Co-coda of (apologies, iPad won&#039;t let me spell this correctly), Tramadol and Gabapentin.  My restlessness has been getting worse and worse for years and a couple of weeks ago I kicked a hole in my bed sheet during the night.  So, a few days ago, I saw my GP and he stopped the Tramadol (I&#039;d been tolerating it well) and last night I took my first Mirapex.  Oh what a horrible experience!  I felt dreadfully ill during the night and when I got up this morning I felt as if I had flu.  I was dizzy, sneezy and in a cold sweat.  Now I&#039;m not sure whether to continue - maybe the side effects will settle."
"I have been prescribed trazodone for generalized anxiety disorder with insomnia. I started with 50 mg only at bedtime about for a week and now at 100 mg in a single dose at bedtime. It helped me a lot with the anxiety (it calmed me down) and also it improved considerably my sleep at night. Although the sedating activity is immediate, the anxyolytic activity takes some time to show effect and requires increasing dose. I have noticed no major side effects, except from orthostatic hypotension and some headaches mainly at the beginning of the treatment. It works well as a sleep aid, but care must be taken when you increase the dose (should be done gradually increasing the dose by 25 mg). The dose of 100 mg at bedtime works fine for me. I will continue on this dose and see how things go on."
"I was on Seasonique for the past 4+ years.  I absolutely loved it.  I never spotted in between periods or had any other problems.  Before I started I had some minor breakouts, but once on the pill my face cleared up completely.  The only change I did have was prior to Seasonique I never cramped with any of my periods and while on the pill I had moderate/severe cramping for the first few days of all my periods.  Now my husband and I are trying to concieve and I have been off the pill for almost the last two months and I&#039;m still waiting for my first period to start.  I have been told this is normal once leaving any birth control."
"I just got skyla after I had a c section (8 weeks ago) and did not feel a thing! I usually hate papsmears so I figured this would be painful... Nope! Nothing. Just the tool they use to widen you definitely doesn&#039;t feel good but it&#039;s tolerable. I have yet to feel a cramp. I think every body is different. But no complaints here."
"I was born with club feet (both feet turned in and bottoms turned up). Have been prescribed everything from tramadol and Vicodin to Percocet 10mg. I worried about alcohol with anything that had acetominophen so asked Doctor about Vicoprofen.  It&#039;s by far better than anything else I&#039;ve taken.  I dont have problems taking on an empty stomach, drinking, or making bowel movements.  It even does more for the pain than the few oxycodone 30mg I have been given a of couple times.  Part of my condition is a short achilles tendon which makes me suffer from severe inflammation in all parts of my feet (probably why it works so well). Only side effect I have is an occasional pit in stomach when taken on empty stomach and irritability from time to time."
"This medication is amazing! It made me human again! I can do everything now and accomplish anything I set my mind to! I can&#039;t believe the change it has brought in my life, I feel utterly grateful to whomever came up with the cure to help us function once again! I love myself &amp; life once again :)"
"I started getting anxiety about a year ago out of the blue. I had to go to the ER because I thought I was dying or something.  All my tests came back negative. The doctor told me it was an anxiety attack. I got sent home with nothing. A few days later I had another one. I went to my PHP and put me on clonazepam. I try not to take them if I don&#039;t need it,  but you never know when it may manifest.  So I try to take half doses to make my script stretch and to also not be as dependent.  I noticed that it works but to a less degree.  I commute to school and work a full time job so my mind is always running. In a nutshell, this medication works."
"Was better than Ativan by far but just doesn&#039;t last long enough. "
"Spent the last year eating very healthy and exercising with very little weight loss results. I got desperate last week and went to a weight loss clinic and got on Phentermine and B12 injections. Weighed in last Tuesday at 169.7lbs and went in for my one week check up and weighed 165.3 with jeans on and last time I was wearing shorts so I&#039;ve lost about 4.5 pounds in one week. You have to push through the first three days of jitteriness and insomnia and then it levels out and you feel normal. I have experienced some pretty gnarly dry mouth despite how much water I drink but it&#039;s worth it if these results keep up. I&#039;ll update again in a couple weeks!"
"I have only been using Qsymia for one week but dropped 3.6 lbs so far. It&#039;s really working. Usually I drop 3 pounds a month so this is really amazing for me. Not too many side effects but you have to drink water and limit your calories and exercise."
"I started taking Cymbalta a year ago. Side effects - nausea and pain in stomach. This was with 30mg. Doctor recommended 60mg. It really worked but after about 4 months I just could not afford it so my doctor prescribed Celexa. I used that for several months. I noticed that my usual mild lower back pain returned. (I suffered no withdrawal symptoms). I got back on Cymbalta 2 months ago.  "
"Got this thing in my arm 1 month ago. Insertion wasn&#039;t too bad, hurt a little bit, and was sore for a couple days. Bruise went away after about a week. It was really itchy, and at times still is. I started bleeding 10 days ago, so I called my doctor. One of the nurses told me that I could continue to bleed continuously for the next 6 months....great. Looking at other people&#039;s reviews, it looks like I&#039;m not the only one. At least it is a light amount, but still very annoying. I hope I can get through this and never have a period again. On the plus side, I don&#039;t have to take a pill everyday, and my insurance covered the implant, which would&#039;ve cost me $3000 out of pocket."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for 3 months now and so far it&#039;s not horrible- only a few bad things are.. I am extremely tired and not in the mood for sex! I have 2 young kids so being tired/lazy is not really an option. I was never like this and I was never not in the mood for sex. I also get a little dryness. On a good note, I do have short periods. The first month it was really light the second month was kind of heavy but short so I&#039;m waiting to see how this third month goes. If nothing changes far as tiredness and not wanting sex, I&#039;ll switch. I currently do not pay for this BC because my insurance covers it 100% but I rather pay $5-$10 so I&#039;m not always tired and wanting to have sex with my husband more."
"I had unprotected sex and I took  Next Choice One Dose the next day. I had side effects, after 5 to 6 days I started bleeding so it worked for me."
"I was prescribed tramadol for my back pain.  It helped a little with the pain, but everytime I took it, it made me really sick the next day.  It made me nauseous, dizzy, and I kept vomiting the day after I took it.  Needless to say I quit taking it."
"I wish there was a score lower than 1 because I would definitely say this is a terrible form of birth control. I had the implant placed in mid July which was fine but once August rolled around I started to bleed. I bled from the beginning of august until December when I had it removed. I am still bleeding but I am glad I took it out. I liked the fact that I did not have to worry about pregnancy but I hated that I was an emotional bitch that was depressed most of the time and I gained 20+ pounds. I&#039;m glad it&#039;s out and my hormones can regulate."
"I took Otezla twice, two years apart. My first experience helped my psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis within 3 months with minimal side effects. I had loose stool for a couple of days and a mild headache. THEN I developed a very aggressive breast cancer and was advised to stop Otezla.. I underwent chemotherapy, bilateral mastectomies and reconstruction. One year later, I began taking Otezla again because my psoriasis and PA came back with a vengeance, as predicted. Four months into treatment, I developed breast cancer in my sternum. Once again, I quit the Otezla and have since undergone radiation treatment. I did not tick the boxes for a patient at high risk for breast cancer. I feel my cancer may well have been a direct result of Otezla"
"I&#039;m Cheway69 who ever read my post , just a reminder I started on 5/8/15 &amp; today 5/25/15
It was terrible terrible the first wk , headache so tired it was like someone beat me up or like very sore it&#039;s like I lifted weight for 10 hrs, the result loosing only 3 lbs only , I couldn&#039;t BELEIVE it ,by no means my appetite is better eating good &amp; healthy food but not enough to be happy with the result like everyone are talking about, maybe I need to wait little longer ...sometime my balance is off, like how ppl walk when they are drunk, my memory is not that good by using this Belviq, forget a lot ,nothing change in my life to effect my memory , I blame this product, oh also I&#039;m shivering &amp; cold a lot most of the day.
In 2 wks I&#039;ll post more info"
"Started using this after surgery due to constipation.  Worked great with no interaction. "
"I have been on Lexapro 10 mg for six weeks. I was really nervous to start, because I have never taken any type of medication before.  The first few weeks I did have side effects (including, nausea, dry mouth, and a kind of out of it feeling).  It worried me but I stuck it out to four weeks, because all of my medical friends insisted that I do. I am so glad that I did!  I feel so at ease about everything that used to control my mind excessively.  I am so much more bubbly and comfortable with conversations with others. It really just took that edge off for me. All of the side effects have gone away.  I strongly recommend."
"Just started and it feels good so far will see tomorrow."
"I have been taking Loestrin24 for a couple months now and I can honestly say I am very satisfied with the results. I have tried about 4 different birth controls in the last 2 years and with all of them I had experienced alot of side effects. My doctor always put me on moderate to high doses of birth control because of my PCOS, and Endometrosis which then led to more side effects. This is the only pill I have been on that I have experienced no side effects and the best part is I have my sex drive back. I have lost about 10 lbs since taking this but alot of that is water weight from the other birth controls. My periods are very light and there has been minimal cramping as well. I&#039;m very happy. "
"I&#039;ve been using 10mg Ambien for about 10 years now. I sleep very soundly and awake 6-8 hours later refreshed and loads of energy. Not every night, maybe 2 or 3 times a week. It is my miracle drug, but ONLY if I take it on an empty stomach! I too have had some &quot;amnesia&quot; like times. When I first began taking it, I called an ex boyfriend while my husband was asleep next to me. Thank God the side effects have gone away!"
"I am into week 3 and Monday I will begin the full dose of 2 pills in the mornings and 2 in the evenings. So far I have lost about 4 pounds.I have been doing some walking on the treadmill and some other little exercises every other day.  It has helped control my appetite a little but, not a lot as you can see with only a 4 pound lose. I am disappointed but I am going to continue for a few more weeks and then will decide whether to continue on them or not."
"I just got my Mirena put in yesterday (Jan.6.2016). it hurt like hell getting it put in. After getting it put in, I bled really hard that same day. I even had a huge blood clot come out of me but the cramps were tolerable. I took extra strength Tylenol and I was fine. Now it&#039;s the next day, I&#039;m not bleeding and I feel great. But we&#039;ll see.."
"I started to take Spintec about 3 years ago. I did not have any side effects. Prior to taking Sprintec, I had HORRIBLE periods: heavy cramping, heavy flow, etc. Sprintec reduced my cramping and heavy flow. I workout about 5 times a week so I didn&#039;t notice any weight gain. However, for almost 6 months, I stopped taking it because my prescription ran out and I had to go see my doctor. I also was not sexually active for those 6 months so I did not feel the need to be on it. I just started taking it again. I recommend Sprintec to every woman who wants a cheap, effective form of birth control. Just be aware that every body is different. Find what works for you."
"I&#039;ve taken contrave because when I took the first pill,a few hours later I had the worst headache but I had read and understand the side effects. I continued until day 4 and the headaches got worse. My hands were shaking,I had lost my appetite completely. Being that I work in pharmacy both the pharmacist an technicians expressed their concerns from the moment I decided to fill my prescription. I just kept on getting this bad feeling during those 4days I had taken contrave. I later come to find out that contrave controls some of your brain function that sends signals to your stomach so it thinks you have no appetite. But while its doing that to your nuero functions it can also cause you to have seizures. I hate this,medication, never again."
"I&#039;m a Type 1 diabetic , I been on invokana for almost a year . Going back and forth taking the pill . It does work great keeping my sugars low , I have not seen weight changes and also every time I take the pill no matter how much water I drink I&#039;m constantly getting yeast infections ! So I stop talking it after a few months decided previously to take it again after my doctor told me to go back . So I went back and now I have yet another Y.I. I guess I&#039;m prone to them on this pill. I am done with this pill"
"Bad headache. Kinda tough to get the dose timing right so she&#039;s &quot;in the mood&quot; for the 4 hours that its working."
"I just recently started on vyvanse, and it works very well! So I&#039;m 21, and in the past I&#039;ve been on adderall, Ritalin and strattera. But none work as good as vyvanse. Adderall worked but left me feeling jittery, and Ritalin when it wore off I became angry. And strattera that&#039;s a whole nother story! But the main thing I like about vyvanse is I still am me. I don&#039;t feel jittery or like a robot. I&#039;m me just with everything at a more calm controlled manner. The only downfalls are that it takes 2 hours to start working and only last 6-7 hours when I was told it would be 14 hours. But other than that it gets 2 thumbs up and 5 gold stars!"
"Have been using it for 11 months at 400mg along with 30 mg of mirtazipine (California rocket fuel)along with 50 mg of paroxetine.
Result not satisfactory.
I though feel some  relief in anxiety and panic disorder ."
"8. 5"
"I have struggled with binge eating disorder for close to 30 years. I have tried everything- therapy, eating disorder outpatient program, DBT BED program, and the struggle is still brutal from the moment I wake up until I go to sleep. When I started Vyvanse at 20 mg, it literally felt like a miracle. That obsessive voice in my head that thinks about food non-stop was quiet. I have tried several other medications for BED that did nothing. I was so excited- I was telling everyone that I felt normal for the first time. And then it stopped working about a week and a half ago. I am absolutely devastated. I asked my doctor to increase my dosage and am hoping that will help."
"Lexapro made my depression worse, and I had suicidal thoughts within 24 hours. I immediately quit. It was a free sample from my doctor."
"I haven&#039;t been on Topiramate very long, only a couple of months.  Started taking it for RLS (restless leg syndrome).  I was really surprised to see that it is sometimes used as a weight loss medicine. I didn&#039;t really notice any difference in my appetite.  However, my last visit to doctor did show that I&#039;ve lost 5lbs.  I don&#039;t like the tingling, crawling skin sensation side effect.  That went away after a few days."
"I had Nexplanon inserted 6 weeks after giving birth to my daughter. I was 148lbs at the time still losing weight from my pregnancy. I reached an all time high of 175lbs on Nexplanon. Extreme bloating. I even wondered myself if I was pregnant I had severe mood swings, increased anxiety (it honestly became uncontrolable), always hungry and I over ate daily. I felt so tired I didn&#039;t enjoy doing anything like I use to. I got to the point where I didn&#039;t even feel like myself. I bled all the time 3weeks on 1 week off and even 6weeks at a time. I had it for a year before deciding to have it removed now it&#039;s been a week since I had it removed please research before choosing this b/c option it does prevent pregnancy at a price!"
"I&#039;ve been on Latuda for 8 months now. Got off Risperdal which made me zombie like. I am taking 120mg of Latuda and love this medication. It has been successful in treating my depression/irritability. I am also taking Viibryd and Welbutrin. I have experienced NO weight gain. I recommend giving this medication a try if all others fail."
"Husband had been taking between 20 and 40 mg/day for 7 years, been fine. Dad had been taking even longer and got the facial angioedema. Have seen other patients with it too. Late effect allergy to ACE inhibitors."
"I&#039;ve been on aleese a month now and it&#039;s been absolute hell. I&#039;m not and emotional person under any means and eat like a full grown man usually but since starting this I haven&#039;t been able to eat at all because of the nausea and have had random uncontrollable mood swings. I&#039;ve lost 10 lbs and every time I take one of these pills I get an instant headache. My period was hell aswell I got bad cramps for a week before and all during, this is not normal for me. My period also went from 4 days to 7 which really ticked me off. It cause my acne to get far worse and scar like I&#039;ve never had before.Not only this but my anxiety levels went through the roof, my depression did the same causing me suicidial thoughts and I hadABSOLUTELY no energy."
"I noticed severe constipation, dry mouth, and I was very forgetful after taking the medication."
"Not trusting the source (s) of reviews of this medication from &#039;company-friendly&#039; sites, hope this one actually gets published.
Zoloft was a nightmare, nine-day experience.  Kept reading the &#039;keep taking it!&#039; reviews and those were simply not true to me.  Most everyone will eventually cycle back to feeling much better, especially if they have support.
Zoloft will push you over the edge if you keep taking it.
Had every side effect - bizarre urination flow, horrible gas, insomnia, etc.
Would suggest people considering Zoloft to stick with something short-term and short-acting.  Feel better and wean yourself off and don&#039;t let one quack doctor talk you out of that mindset."
"I have been taking linzess for three weeks. I have to get off it..I have been having terrible head pain. Feels more like I&#039;m having vessel problems. I&#039;m not going to risk having an aneurysm for a pill. I was scared this morning as the pain was almost unbearable."
"I have a colostomy and this stuff filled my bag completely in an hour. I hate the taste and really having a hard time drinking the water after. I&#039;m small and don&#039;t have that much room."
"Azithromycin failed to get rid of bronchitis. Switched to Avelox. No side effects, by the 2nd day, felt much better, got rid of congested feeling. It made me sweat more than usual, but sweating was nothing compared to menopausal hot flashes."
"Calmed me down enough to talk to the Psychiatrist and Social Worker when I had been detained under section 136 but didn&#039;t feel it very much and wore off quite quickly. Not as good as Diazepam"
"On it&#039;s own Wellbutrin SR 300mg/day didn&#039;t really do much for me. We then added Paxil 20mg and Klonopin 2mg along with the Wellbutrin and I have to say, this is a great combination. The Wellbutrin counteracts the sexual side-effects that go along with Paxil.  Wellbutrin by itelf is okay but in combination with Paxil and Klonopin, helped immensely.  Highly recommend. My mood is consistenly good, lots of energy. I feel social and light-hearted again. No side effects and I feel great."
"I&#039;m 19 and I&#039;ve been taking this medicine since 6th grade. It really helps now that I&#039;m in College but there is one main thing I don&#039;t like about this medicine. It turns you into a zombie/robot effect. I&#039;m a very sociable person but when I&#039;m on this medicine I really become an anti-social person and sometimes I really get a &quot;cracked out sort of feeling&quot;. Overall this medicine does help, but it does have it&#039;s side effects."
"Last July I had a full head of hair.  Like I always have . And then one fine day in October my hair started falling out.  
At first it was just a little . I had developed a spot on the crown of my head that I didn&#039;t even notice . 
Until someone pointed it out. 
At first I didn&#039;t think anything of it.  
I thought early onset of male pattern baldness. That&#039;s what I went on believing until I noticed my hair falling out in handfulls in the shower. I got an appointment with a dermatologist and was told 
it was alopecia areata
He gave me topical solution that didn&#039;t help hardly any instead I got kenalog injections in my scalp
After 3 months I had significant regrowth all over my head here I am gaining more hair every day And hair loss has almost stopped"
"I am an embarrassed overweight person, having gained many lbs over the years. My insurance covered SOME of the cost and with the discounts offered I have been able to afford it.

I went to my doctor and started using Belviq 10 mg twice a day at the end of September. My starting weight was 326 lbs; I am 5&#039;10&quot;. My doctor was amazed that at my last weigh in I had lost some 57 lbs.

My husband was SO proud of me, my doctor was also and he told me he was going to start prescribing it to each of his overweight patients that fit into the criteria indicated.

Thank you Belviq."
"I had two drastically different experiences with this BC. The first time was to regulate my periods because I was bleeding for 19 days a month for several months straight. Within 8-9 months, it did the job. Flash forward 4-5 years with very normal periods, and I got on Lolo for birth control. My normal periods went back to bleeding 19 days a month! I thought my body just needed to get used to it, but after 6 months, I had enough. It made me so moody that I cried nearly everyday. It was my husband who actually suggested I stop taking it because it was affecting our relationship so much. I&#039;m not sure how or why this experience was so different from the first, but it&#039;s made me scared to try any kind of hormonal birth control again"
"For me this drug causede headaches everyday, nausea and gagging, and dry mouth all the time. I noticed a change in personality - easily agitated, I was &quot;distant&quot; and lost my &quot;affectionate side&quot;. My doctor made me come off it slowly before I started Concerta. Coming off it is just as bad."
"I have taken Fiorinol for years and years and it is the most effective med I have ever found...who ever designed this medication I owe a debt of gratitude ...I will say that I can take one just one pill and in 20 minutes my pain is gone...I swear by this drug ....I just asked my doc for a refill and he now informs me it&#039;s not available...I have kaiser coverage and think that this is kaisers doing not that the med is no longer available...I will be very upset as this script works and works well and I don&#039;t take it on a regular basis a  have no addiction to it but need it when I need it!!!"
"I&#039;m very obsessive. Somewhere around a few years ago I started obsessing and being paranoid about medications. So, as I&#039;m sure you are all doing right now, you&#039;re looking up reviews on this medication to determine if you&#039;ll take it. Just like I did. I almost gave myself a panic attack thinking about possibly taking this medicine and then having a serious allergic reaction.
Luckily though, while speaking with my pharmacist he let me know I took this medicine last year and I remembered I was fine.
The point is, every medicine has adverse effects. Chances are, you won&#039;t have major side effects. "
"I started tanzeum in apr 2016. It has brought my numbers down somwehat but not nearly what it needs to be. I will find out in aug for sure if its really working. I usually have an upset stomach and loose stools 1-2 days after ive taken it. When i first started, i felt full pretty quick after i ate but thats kind of gone away. The jury for me is still out, not sure if this is the medication for me."
"I was having stomach pain and I had a bad vaginal yeast infection took too acidophilus probotics, and had immediate reaction. I feel sooooo much better. I bought the Advanced acidiphilus by Solgar and it really worked. Prior to taking the probotic i was feeling weak and very irritated. but now I feel fine. 


Thank God I found something that really works."
"My partner has ED occasionally. He was advised to try Viagra. It was effective after about 2 hours when he achieved a really veiny, stiff erection. This was a great improvement and lasted as long as we needed and again the next morning, however, the side effects were unpleasant flu like symptoms ( ie. headache, sore throat, blocked nose etc.) which lasted for many days after. For this reason and due to the high expense we will only use this on &#039;special occasions&#039; from now on, until we find an alternative."
"I was craving for sleep for the last few years. I used to feel so tired and no energy. I just take half of 25 mg of Seroquel and no matter what sort of physical pain or condition I am good to sleep. Waking up fresh next day. Have not had any side effects. Have been taking for the last three months. God Bless Astra Zenca."
"I have been on Loestrin Fe 24 for 5 months now (give it a chance) and although it was more bearable to take 5 mg of Lexapro for the anxiety that came along with it (I would wake up at 3:30 am each morning with anxiety for no reason at all), I now have noticed that I am experiencing more anxiety as well as some weight gain and small break outs. I went from a size 0 to a size 2 and now my size 2&#039;s are tight, especially in the buttocks region. Honestly, this pill is not that bad, but I would have to give Yaz a 10 as far as side effects -- no weight gain, a clear complexion and minimal anxiety. There is just one big negative about Yaz -- it may cause blood clots and that is pretty serious. I would recommend Loestrin 24 fe for women over 40 tho."
"The only negative side effects I&#039;ve had is longer bleeding per cycle and mood swings when I go off and onto the pill. The mood swings happen with every type of birth control I&#039;ve used, so that isn&#039;t so abnormal. The bleeding is a bit odd but the doctor said it was a normal side effect for the pill."
"I have been on it for a year now. My acne cleared up a lot! I am much more emotional over the last year and cried a lot more but I didn&#039;t think it was from the pills till I read the comments on here. I have gain some weight. My period is shorter than before, is now three days. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so it&#039;s working for me!"
"I&#039;d been on Wellbutrin/Wellbutrin SR for over 15 years and it worked great until about a year ago when I started feeling I&#039;d built up a tolerance to it.  Seeing that Aplenzin was basically the same, but in hydrobromide form instead of hydrochloride, I figured it would &quot;trick&quot; my body into reacting to it as a new medicine without losing the benefits. With the blessing of my psych doc, I switched and it appears to have worked.  I&#039;d give 10 stars, except for the high cost."
"I still woke up after 3 hrs sleep but was able or seemed to fall back to sleep as it felt more like a daydream sleep..I still feel the need for a deep sleep ..What&#039;s strange is after falling back to sleep it seemed like 30 minutes would pass by  and I never fell back to sleep when 4 hrs actually passed by..."
"I was on Kariva for about three years. I took it because I am prone to migraines. The pill was great for regulating and lessening my menstruation cycle, however it did nothing to alleviate my migraines. I recently have switched to an IUD which has done the same but no migraines."
"Taken in conjunction with Effexor (Effexor in morning and Remeron in evening) definitely helps with sleeping through the night.  For me, I needed 8-10 hours of dedicated sleep, any less and I felt groggy.  Sleep aide definitely.  Don&#039;t mix with alcohol or anything else to aide in sleep."
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for 18 months and for me it&#039;s working well.  Had one period right after insertion and spotted only once in 18 months since.  No acne.  And my migraines have been much less frequent and less intense since getting Nexplanon.   However I have gained 18 lbs. despite significant reduction in calories and increase in exercise.   For that reason I&#039;m having the Nexplanon removed soon and will try Skyla instead.   If it weren&#039;t for the weight gain, I&#039;d give it a 10."
"This is INCREDIBLE. I get a lot of mouth ulcers due to the medication I&#039;m on and Kenalog clears them up instantly (well, overnight). My mouth will go from being in so much pain I can barely talk, to completely fine in the space of hours."
"Absolute nightmare. I&#039;ve have Nexplanon in my arm for 9 months and I&#039;ve never experienced a more uncomfortable birth control in my life. I&#039;ve never had acne in my life, now I break out all the time. Mood swings left and right that have led to full on breakdowns. I&#039;m always tired, can&#039;t get out of bed some days. Get used to getting your period twice a month. Currently I&#039;m on a period that has lasted over 3 weeks straight and I&#039;m not talking spotting- it&#039;s a full on blood bath with visible clotting. I&#039;m losing a lot of blood and it&#039;s completely ruined my sex life. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to my worst enemy."
"I wish there was a way to give this a negative number.  I&#039;ve had IBS for 14 years since having my gall bladder removed. I took the initial dose of this and not two hours later I was doubled over with severe pain right beneath my ribs. When the muscle spasms started, I went to the ER. I was admitted with pancreatitis and liver enzymes 10x normal. I spent 4 days in the hospital until my numbers were back to normal. I could not believe a pill could do this much damage in such a short time. Very Scary!"
"Great for panic attacks. And helps to stop my mind from racing at bedtime. Been on it for almost 6 yrs."
"Definitely not a fan. After being on it a full month I&#039;ve experienced EXTREMELY low sex drive. This is coming from someone who typically enjoys sex. Now I view it more as a chore. Low energy, low mood. Headaches... the only thing that it did prevent was pregnancy! But I&#039;m pretty sure it does that by making you never want to have sex in the first place."
"This is not all the doctors crack it up to be. I got my nexplanon inserted in February of 2017 and after a week I started bleeding and it has not stopped, it&#039;s currently July 2017. It also have taken away all of my energy and caused me to have severe mood problems. My doctor gave me estrogen pills to help with the bleeding but so far it hasn&#039;t stopped. Although, they did help with my mood. I never could remember to take my birth control pill, so I thought this was a good alternative, but it may be the worst decision that I have ever made. I&#039;m giving it one more month to see if anything changes then I&#039;m getting rid of it."
"I have been on Implanon for a few months now and I have had good and bad things happen. I have lost weight but I have had 3 periods and this recent one was the worst. I was sick, light-headed and dizzy. Then I had continued abdominal pain and pelvic pain, almost like labor pains. I enjoy the Implanon but I can do without the pain."
"Amazing presentation."
"My name says it all. I&#039;m currently rolling on the ground, grabbing my crotch. It burns. It itches. I&#039;m crying. It doesn&#039;t hurt, it&#039;s just INSANELY irritating. I&#039;m going to try day 2, but idk if it&#039;ll work.."
"I tried this drug but it made me very tired.  I was so tired and slept for like 3 days until I realized the drug was doing it.  So I can&#039;t take it or I&#039;ll sleep for 20 hours at a time."
"This shot is ridiculous. Do not get it, you won&#039;t stop bleeding.  I got my first and only one in October 2016, I never went back for another one because I couldn&#039;t stop bleeding, I gained weight, no sex drive at all, it&#039;s awful.  Please don&#039;t get it. I can&#039;t even have sex because I can&#039;t stop bleeding, so why the heck did I get it in the first place.  Again it&#039;s ridiculous."
"I&#039;ve had the intense headaches for months took one dose and gone!!! Worked for me tasted good"
"I hate this. 
I got the implant in the beginning of December.  I&#039;ve been on my period since new years eve, it not enough for a tampon, and too heavy for a liner. I&#039;m basically wearing nasty pads because I have no other options. And these migranes are out of the wall.
I&#039;m getting it removed as soon as possible"
"Started this medication in November of 2016. So far I have lost almost 30lbs. It works. It completely takes your mind of food. You still want to eat but not the constant obsessive thinking about eating and what you&#039;re going to eat next . I like to think this is what normal weight people must eat like. The weight has just slowly and steadily come off for me with minimal effort on my part other than reducing what I&#039;m consuming.
My side effects have been minimal: slight tingling in fingers and toes occasionally, loss of concentration periodically, dry mouth sometimes but all of these things have been minor inconveniences and worth the weight loss and how I feel, overall given the pros and (serious) cons of this drug I would recommend."
"I am 5&#039;4&#039; female. My starting weight was 217 lbs.  I have been using  contrave for 3 weeks now.  My current weight is 200.  I was experiencing really bad headaches for the first week and went away.  I did notice my mood is a lot better. I&#039;m more relaxed.  I sleep all night.  Before I had insomnia.  I  had the hardest time going to sleep, so that would lead my having a drink at night or take some sort of sleep aid.  I would also wake 2-3 times a night and stay up at least an hour each time.  Now I sleep all night and have not had to drink or take any sleep aids. The only complaint I have is the constipation."
"I was diagnosed years ago with dysmennorhea and every since then I have been completely miserable while on my periods. (Back pain, leg pain, cramping, clots, diarrhea, nausea, loss of appetite, etc) I couldn&#039;t attend work or school because it made me so sick. I felt like the pain was worsening every month.. Tylenol quit working, tramadol had no effect, I had to take a Lortab to feel relief. So I asked my Dr for birth control pills and since taking them I have such a light period I forgot I was on it.. it only lasted four days. I am relieved of the horrible symptoms and I can finally live a normal life. However there were side effects of this drug, as expected (rash, nausea, loss of appetite, vaginal infection)  but they are manageable."
"Your body will either love or hate the Implanon. I had the Implanon for one and a half years, and for me it was bad. I gained 5kgs, and would go through these cycles - two weeks on, two weeks off - of non-stop bleeding, mood swings that nearby altered my personality, and a huge increase in anxiety. I actually thought I was mentally unwell, and my doctor was so reluctant to take it out, over and over again convincing me to keep it in. But then I insisted on switching to Yaz, which worked beautifully with my body- I am myself again, losing weight was easier (I&#039;m back to my usual weight) and my cycle is back to normal. "
"I have been off and on this medication this last time due to losing insurance and couldn&#039;t afford it.  I got my insurance back and happily my insurance pays for it and only a copay of $10.  Yes the first few days I have a headache so I slowly start taking it then once I&#039;m used to it I started them twice a day.  I love this medicine.  It curbs my appetite and the one month I have been using lost 5 lbs.  I have to make myself eat sometimes.  I have knee problems and this has helped me to lose the weight since I can no longer work out like I used to."
"been taking tamsulosin for eight years. had some side effects from the beginning. Rash on chest.Flu symptoms. Extremely uncomfortable nasal problems. Tinnitus. Feeling very cold in bed, even with extra bedding on. Very hot sweats at night. Numb tingly, itching feet. Itching face and around eyes. Blurred vision, had to give up driving. Backache. Not all these symptoms at the same time but getting worse. Still uncomfortable urination. Now have urinary incontinence. Waiting to see Urologist to discuss surgery so I can come off this damned medication."
"I found Zyban to be very effective and easy to use. I only experienced a few mild side effects (slight constipation, food tasted a bit different).  But I&#039;d tried quitting before using gum, microtabs, patches - and none of these worked for me.  Thanks to Zyban, it&#039;s been over four months since I smoked a cigarette and haven&#039;t turned back - proud to be a non-smoker!"
"My husband has Pityriasis Rubra Pilaris also, he is using triamcinolone cream and it is working great on his PRP. Did not know that he could do a shot to clear his feet up faster. Thank you for the information."
"Before taking gabapentin I had difficulty walking and getting a good night&#039;s sleep.  I would constantly get shooting pains up and down my legs, as well as both feet. In just a few days after beginning taking gabapentin, the majority of the shooting pain in the legs subsided.  The pain in the feet is more tolerable as well.  Just wonder how long this &quot;miracle&quot; medicine will continue working for me."
"Had serious chronic sinusitis with inflammation in the upper sinus and in the nose. The medicine helped significantly but I get a painful side effect, my whole upper muscles around the shoulders and neck became very tight, stiff and sore. "
"I was given a cocktail of reglan and Benadryl for a migraine at the ER. Within no time the migraine was gone, but a few minutes later I got an awful panic attack. I thought was going to die. I wanted to rip the iv out of my arm. When this happened my boyfriend got the doctor and she said this happens to about 50% of people. Since I&#039;m so small they started with only a half dose of Benadryl to make me sleep, but after I couldn&#039;t sleep because of the side effects from reglan they gave me the other half dose. I am lucky to have had my bf there to get a nurse and calm me, and I&#039;m lucky they could give me more Benadryl. I will not take this medicine again. If you have to take reglan bring someone to help you, but I suggest not taking this at all."
"So far, I am on week 4 with little side effects except for insomnia and dry skin. This is so much better than Interferon combination."
"I&#039;ve been taking Celexa 20mg for almost six months, and it has helped me with my social anxiety. It&#039;s a lot easier to use the strategies that my psychologist talks about. However, a warning must be given. Celexa has not been a &#039;magic bullet&#039;. I still have to do a lot of work to not be anxious. However, it has helped me so much that I can&#039;t think about quitting any time soon."
"I agree, Xanax works well but in limited duration - Klonopin is better because it relaxes you for longer. Just mellows you out so you don&#039;t freak out- has changed my life and made it better. My doctor told me to let it dissolve on my tongue, since I have issues with burning tongue from a nerve injury. This has added benefits of helping me not panic about the pain, and other things I feel out of control of in my life. I take a small dose and feel that I can continue taking for awhile without negative side effects, though it can make you a little drowsy during the work day."
"Been on this for about a year and a half. I actually do like it because it&#039;s convenient and you only have to get it every three months. I, however, have gained about 25 pounds. It makes you want to eat everything in sight and makes you an emotional being. It did not mess with my libido, which is a good thing. I don&#039;t get my period.. just usually spotting about two weeks before I&#039;m due for another shot."
"Had to use this 3 times per day at least. It wasn&#039;t working and I ran out of it in 2 weeks. I gave it another shot but then doctor switched me to Lastacaft, which is working better at once per day."
"First time when I took Tegretol, it worked immediately and the pain went away. The pain comes and go every year and the most importantly the pain was not bad last 4 years that I did not even take Tegretol.  This time the pain is unbearable so I&#039;m on Tegretol. Even with the medication still feel the shock once in awhile. Definately feels better with Tegretol. The side effects, for me, sleepiness, weight gain, excitement with no reason."
"I am a 32 year old male, 6&#039;2&quot; 318 before I started taking Adipex.  I was a college football player, so I know how to diet and exercise.  However after having a few kids involved in EVERYTHING, a good job, and a wife that is an incredible cook, I packed on the LBS!  Adipex has given me the energy to hit the gym, and stay involved once I get home too, no crash and burn like a lot of those &quot;energy supplements&quot;.  I do get dry mouth everyday. The first week or so I would almost forget to eat.  You have to force yourself to eat, so if your going to do that you might as well eat healthy.  I am working out 4 times a week for an hour at time.  If I had to guess I am down about 20lbs, I go back to the doctor next week for a weigh in and refill."
"I was on 10mg Prozac for general anxiety and panic attacks for 2 years. I had no side effects and my panic attacks decreased tremendously. However I recently started having them again so my doc worked me up to 40mg/day. I feel happy. But I feel like it is too much. I don&#039;t feel love anymore, and I feel like my emotions are so flat that although I&#039;m not getting the panic attacks, I would almost rather deal with them than be unable to feel emotions. I have been dating a guy for 2 years, and all of a sudden after being on 40mg daily for six weeks I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m in love with him anymore. I can&#039;t tell if it is because of the medication or if it is actually me. I will be talking to my doc about decreasing my dose to 20mg."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication now for 11 days and on the 10th day I got a bad rash on my whole body from neck to toe. I&#039;ve stopped the medication and will continue when the rash goes away. I also have had my blood pressure raise quite a bit. I don&#039;t really like the way the medicine makes me feel but if it will give me a few more years on this earth I guess I can make a go of it!"
"This stuff is pretty potent, but AMAZING. I love this. I am 22 years old now and have had acne since I was 14. I tried everything out there, from soap, to creams, to every lotion and pill, and NOTHING worked for me. I even tried Proactive for a few months, and saw no results. I have been on ACCUTANE now for almost 3 months, and my acne is gone. And it&#039;s really simple, all you do it take a pill once a day, and the power of Accutane just completely destroys your acne. The only side effect I have noticed is dry lips and skin, but it&#039;s okay as long as I carry chapstick and lotion and I&#039;m alright. But other then that, this is a cure for me and I only have 3 months left."
"Okay, so I started citilopram about 2-3 months ago. Because I started off having bad anxiety attacks, and I didn&#039;t even know what they were till I got diagnosed with the mental illness, and a few weeks after that, came along depression. And both of them, were always getting me down, they also took a big chunk out of me. Like they made me feel down about myself. Made me feel suicidal. And stuff, so my mom and I finally decided to see the doctor and get the medication called &quot;citalopram&quot; and it was the best thing that I ever got onto, is it hard to quit? Yes. Because the effects of not taking the pill, is like you feel down, thoughts come running through your head, suicidal like I said. Etc, so anyways, I highly recommend this medication."
"Actually , I am still on the first month and I can tell I barely have side effects. In the first week I had naussea but It went away.There is no effect on my weight. Also I dont have increased apetite. My hair also has not changed. I take the pill in order to cure my acne. I can tell through the first month there is no increasing or worsening my skin situation before getting better. I think it is going to help me treating my acne very well and I am waiting for results."
"Tailbone injury, quite severe pain. Percocet is working wonders. Stopped taking Percocet 1 month after the injury, a very painful experience. Continuing the medication until I get into physiotherapy. Doctor says physio should help with the pain. I plan on stopping the Percocet once the pain becomes bearable to live with."
"Seems to allow for less CD/LD.  I think it is minimizing my tremor, allowing me to lower L-Dopa dosage, yet paradoxically, it seems to be increasing my Dyskinesia."
"This is my second birth control, I started off with Microgestin and it worked okay for me but my periods were extremely irregular and my breasts were so sore that even slightly touching them on accident would hurt a lot. Now that I&#039;ve been through a full pack of Lutera, I really do like it. Other than the fact that I seem to cry at every little thing and seem to irritate a little more easily, my period was on point this month, and it lasted only 4 days. Although before I started, I cramped really terribly, I&#039;m thinking that since it was my first month on Lutera, that should subside as my body gets used to it. My skin is the clearest it&#039;s ever been, my breasts grew a little, I gained a little weight, but it seems to work for me quite nicely!"
"Was on this pill for 2 months and had extreme mood swings, heavier periods, cramping and acne. I did not experience any weight gain. This is the 3rd pill I have tried but did not like."
"Began taking Forxiga 10 mg/day in October 2015.  With determination of drinking 8 glasses of water a day, exercising 3 times a week (one hour) and eating more protein and salads at dinner I have lost 40lbs.  This medication is great but never fool yourself that medication on its own can make you loose weight."
"After my d&amp;c last year, I had celebrex 200mg as needed for pain daily x 7 days. It was great. Last week after I had an endo-ablation. I was the first one to ask my doctor; for celebrex again. It is one of the best non-narcotic pain medication."
"I got my gallbladder removed a little over 2 years ago. I could not eat anything. Most drinks would even make me sick. I have seen several doctors, but the GI doctor gave me Welchol and I take two 625mg pills twice a day with food. I no longer have to watch what I eat. I have been prescribed several meds prior to Welchol, but nothing helped. 4 pills sounds like a lot, but if needed I can even take 6 pills per day. I never have to take more than 4 though. Ask your doctor for these. You will not be sorry!"
"64 year old male who recently underwent prostate cancer surgery. I have tried Cialis in the past and it worked fine. Recently I tried Staxyn (recommended by my pharmacist as a cheaper alternative) and found it to be every bit as good as the higher priced products. I cut them in half (they go twice as far!) and they still work amazingly well. I get the flushed face routine and a stuffy nose but I also get hard as a rock so great trade off."
"I am a 53 year old female. I have suffered from migraine since I was 12. I get cluster migraines and sometimes 2-3 a day after they break. My life has been on hold the past 8 years as I couldn&#039;t drive due to migraines coming on without notice and could not even take/ go see my grand daughters due to lights, migraines, you get it. 
So I was started on topiramate 25 mg, 1x at bed, for week, and each week increase 25 mg till I reach 100 mg. I also suffered daily headaches  this is my 4th week. Until reading reviews I did not know about hair loss or tingling. I have not had one migraine since starting but think I&#039;m going to stay on 50mg for now as they seem to work. I have notice I can&#039;t eat much and soda and even coffee taste awful."
"I have been taking lisdexamfetamine since end of May 2013 but for weight loss. I noticed during a 10 day period I had to go off of lisdexamfetamine how much it helped me focus and function. I completed daily tasks and projects I even went back to finish college. I learned through this that I have ADHD I never knew this before. I knew of learning disabilities and vision problems from grade school no one ever tested or diagnosed me with ADHD/ADD until now and I am mid 40&#039;s basically started life over again now. I have noticed that I do feel the medication wearing off starting about 2-3pm but more of the energy part of medication I seem to still be able to focus most days. I started a vitamin supplements in the afternoons now."
"Getting it is a shot in the dark.

My periods were all over the place (sometimes twice a month, sometimes once every 3 months), excruciating pain on periods, heavy bleeding lasting for 7 days minimum. Twice during that 3 years, I&#039;ve started spotting non stop for 1-2 months. The last straw was a period of constant spotting for 3 months that eventually transformed into bleeding. Today, 4 days after it&#039;s been taken out, I am still bleeding as much, and I became anemic. The constant wearing of pads has irritated my vagina. Sex is not even part of my life anymore, I just feel disgusting all the time... Kind of ironic when you think I got it as a birth control. 

But hey, at least it didn&#039;t get lodged, so I&#039;ll give it 2 stars."
"I had smoked for nearly 45 years. I was constantly short of breath and congested at night. I couldn&#039;t sleep. Went to the doctor. He asked me if I wanted to quit smoking. I said I guess so.He told me about a new medicine that just came out. He said insurance would not pay for it. At that point, I was more than happy to pay out of pocket for the chance to quit. Since quitting I later found out about the side effects of this medication. I did not experience any ill effects from taking Chantix. In fact, I would not drink alcohol while taking it though."
"About 2 years ago, I was prescribed Remeron. I immediately got my appetite back. But then unfortunately about a week later my legs, ankles, feet, hands, and wrists were terribly swollen. So much that it hurt to walk. The doctor told me to stop taking it and the swelling went away."
"I am getting ready for a colonoscopy and I am taking these two days prior. I was thinking since I have problems with constipation I would take 2 with dinner and then I took 3 before I go to bed. I woke up in the most painful cramps and have been peeing out my butt for 3 minutes. I would recommend not taking more then 1. I was stupid because I thought it wouldn&#039;t help. Wow was I wrong."
"Voltaren 1% gel was prescribed for my elderly (92 year old) friend for foot pain.  She had a negative reaction to the first application and would not try it again.  In desperation and since I have a type of neuropathy in my feet and cannot fall asleep, I applied 1/2 the dosage she was prescribed.  To my surprise it allows me to fall asleep at night without the pain and discomfort in my feet.  I will be seeing my doctor to get this prescribed for me!  I have been looking for relief for over 5 years!"
"I&#039;ve had constant spotting for the last 3 1\2 months after I got it placed 4 months ago, and when the spotting stopped 2 wks ago and I have not had my period since having it placed, just spotting. I did talk with my reg doc, and she said a copper IUD can cause a hormone imbalance, and this is prbly why I haven&#039;t had my period and have had hot flashes, the way to fix this I would have to go on BCP, it completely defeats the purpose of having a non hormonal IUD.I have constant cramps, pain during intercourse, gained 20 pounds (in 4 months), hot flashes, I smell like stinky fishing bait ,and I&#039;m positive I can feel it when I move the wrong way. I&#039;m sick of smelling like an fish all the time. I need it out ASAP."
"I have had the absolutely worst time with this birth control. At first, I was on the original Seasonique - I had to switch to the Lo Seasonique because with the original, I had the worst cramping, moodiness, bleeding, ever. I thought the lower strength would be the perfect pill for me. Boy, was I ever wrong. I haven&#039;t had a regular period yet, and I have been taking this medication for over a year. I bleed an average of 21 days - I am period-free one week, and then have a full-brown cycle for five days. The 3-month period-free thing sounded so good - especially because I usually miss work or class because of horrible periods, but this was very counterproductive. I&#039;m going to try the implant or go back to the regular pill."
"I would like to say that I went to the E.R and they couldn&#039;t find out why I was having the chest pains also PE (pulmonary embolism) had been ruled out. Every time I took a breath it was so painful they were giving me morphine every hour the pain would not subside, so I went to my primary care physician and he diagnosed me with pleurisy which is a inflammation of the lining of your lungs so he prescribed Indocin for me and after one day I started getting serious relief."
"After years of trying bc pills to regulate my hormones and try to stop crippling daily migraines &amp; vomiting I tried  Seasonique . For the first time I&#039;ve been migraine free since I started . It also stopped the bleeding I&#039;d had for weeks. I finally am able to normal things like clean my home without feeling faint n puking. I am happy and pain free. No migraines no painful bloating. I was about ready to give up on life . I had zero hope. I finally feel what it&#039;s like to be normal &amp; not constantly ill."
"Had not been on birth control for many years and decided that I should go back on as my husband and I were not planning to have kids.  I had previously been on Loestrin years before for painful periods and heavy bleeding, but after taking that for a few years those side effects diminished and I stopped taking birth control.  With Ortho-Cept my periods immediately started getting extremely painful again, maybe even worse than in the past.  Also, I developed symptoms of Acid Reflux which I have never had before (it is a gross feeling).  Have always had decent sized breasts but with Ortho-Cept I gained probably about 15 pounds and became a triple D.  Also was nauseous all the time.  Anxious to switch back to LoEstrin!!"
"Hello ladies and gentlemen lol I know men look on here as well. For my experiences I have took plan b in the past(January 2015)and worked perfect though it did make my period come earlier. I did notice some slight sharp pains in my abdomen but that was all. I took it again(July 2016) and this one worked well. No early period but I did have more abdominal pain and I noticed I was really sensitive somewhat like pms. I took one again recently this September and I got my period like three days earlier this month(October) so that wasn&#039;t really an issue. I had no abdominal pain, this one was fine. Until just yesterday I got my period again so that is twice in one month. First time it happened but just be aware from my experience. Plan b worked."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control for about 3 years now. My doctor first put me on Previfem. About a year later I was switched to Estarylla. I&#039;ve always had mild acne so I can&#039;t tell if it is from this pill or not, but I constantly have pimples on my face and a few on my chest. It&#039;s nothing super noticeable or major, but I feel as Previfem did a better job in keeping my skin clearer than Estarylla. On Previfem I gained about 10 pounds and on this new pill I have lost it all. I get HORRIBLE cramps the day before my period and the first day that it starts. But it always starts on the same day around the same time, so it is very regulated. It is also very effective as in I have not gotten pregnant from either of these pills I have been on."
"I have yet to feel any relief using Flector Patches. I have end stage bone disease."
"I had been taking Norco for the past 2 months and I have to say that I really don&#039;t like it. It really upsets my stomach. I wish I could find something that works but doesn&#039;t make me feel like this."
"HORRIBLE! If you are  use to taking ortho tri cycline lo, this is not a substitute! I&#039;ve had crazy mood swings, depression, Fatigue, bleeding, nausea day and waking me up at night, and to make it worse I&#039;ve am broken out worse than I have been in years. Almost worse than I had in middle school and I&#039;m 31. Stay away!"
"I was first given Zolpidem (Stilnoct) by my sister so I could get some sleep on a very long flight. She told me &quot;don&#039;t take it, then go to the loo... you&#039;ll collapse in the aisle and they won&#039;t be able to move you!&quot;. Took one, got as comfy as possible with eyemask, earplugs, blanket etc. Gave up trying to get to sleep after 1.5 hours. Useless.
I was then prescribed them for insomnia several years ago. Fine if I took one occasionally when I was desperate, but if I took them 2 or 3 nights running, I&#039;d swing wildly between murderous rage and suicidal depression. Threw them in the bin before I killed myself or someone else! I&#039;ve been using herbal tabs for years now, and they relax me enough to get to sleep, much better."
"My feet were constantly &quot;freezing&quot;, even in the Summer!  Once I talked to my Rheumatologist, he prescribed Nitro Bid twice daily, and I haven&#039;t had a problem since then with circulation to my feet."
"First i had explanon then they changed it to nexplanon. This is my 3rd time having it in so safe to say i love it. I have 2 periods a year sometimes last 2 weeks sometimes a couple of days.  I do get very light spotting from time to time. I have gained plenty of weight but not in the right places. I do cramp even if i get no cycle but doesn&#039;t bother me.  I have never had a scare n i love 2 cycles a year.  Works soon as you put it in. Stops working soon as it is out."
"I have suffered from IBS Constipation/Diarrhea for as long as I can remember. I took this medicine for a year and a half along with Dycyclomine. It seemed to work for a couple months but then the symptoms came back. I consider myself a very active woman, working out at least 5 days a week, yoga, clean eating... I noticed as soon as I started taking the medicine I gained 10 pounds, lost all of energy and had severe muscle and joint aching. I continued the medicine and went back to the doctor with questions. Recently I had an episode and I received a full abdominal ultrasound. Everything normal but full of gas that would not move. I decided to stop the meds and a week later all the side effects are gone."
"I switched to Apri because my insurance company didn&#039;t approve Tri Lo MARZIA.  I got put on birth control because of my heavy periods.  After a week on Apri, I started to have migraines every 3 days.  I would throw up and it would make me really moody and I would cry at the drop of a hat.  When we told the insurance company what was going on,  they wouldn&#039;t pay for the Tri Lo Marzia.  So,  I got a GoodRX card to help with the cost."
"Amazing drug! I&#039;m 30 and suffering from little ED stress related, I met an amazing woman but I was to stressed to keep a hard one. Decided to try Viagra, took a 50 mg and after 30 minutes we had the most amazing sex ever! I swear that we had sex for two hours, she climaxed multiple times and I only climaxed when I decided to,  At no time did I have any problems during sex and never experienced any side effects."
"I was diagnosed with Juvinile Myoclonic Epilepsy when I was 16. For nearly two years now I have been on Valparin. Although I haven&#039;t had a siezure for that duration at all, I must say there were some unpleasant side effects. Firstly, it made me loose my focus very easily. I was getting distracted at the slightest of provocation. It also made me unable to cry, you know, to let it all out just wasn&#039;t possible. And then there was also some bouts of depression that made me wonder if I am on the right drug. My final opinion is that take this med for a longer duration only if you can cope up with the side effects. Talk to your doctor if you feel uncomfortable with this drug."
"It is unbelievable what a person has to go through to get pain relief. Physicians don&#039;t seem to distinguish between real and fake in spite of a patient with no history of narcotic or opiod use.
I was going into two weeks of an RA flair and in between rheumatologists. Barely able to walk or use my hands that were red and swollen like sausages and unable to speak without crying, I attempted my best to explain to my doc I was having an RA flair. He prescribed Lyrica.
I went to an ortho surgeon asked for cortisone hand injections. Nope.
Went to podiatrist asked for cortisone injections so I could walk. He gave me one, going back in 3 days for other foot.
Ended up taking 3 generic 10 mg Flexeril. Went to bed, slept all nite, woke up pain free."
"Great for severe muscle pain and spasms."
"I started taking pain pills at age 15 and in a year tops I was a full blown addict. I decided to get on suboxone. I have been on it for about 5 months now and it has been great for me. I love it, it is definitely a miracle drug and I would recommend it to anyone. Of course you have to be in the right frame of mind or else it probably won&#039;t do a bit of good."
"I like it, but my periods are now 2 weeks long. Not used to it and its annoyying."
"I promised myself that if this pill worked, I would share my experience because reading your reviews helped me a lot. I&#039;m only 17 and last week, I had my first time and  the condom broke and he came inside me. 15 minutes later we were rushing to buy Plan B One Step and I took it quickly. The only side effect I had was diarrhea. I was very scared because after taking the pill, we had unprotected sex (I know, that was stupid). I waited 2 LONG WEEKS haha. My period was delayed for two days, and today I got up reading these reviews and thinking that today I would buy the pregnancy test. I got out of bed and went to the bathroom and I saw my period. This pill works by girls. I&#039;m SO HAPPY, relax yourselves, don&#039;t think about it! THE PILL WORKS!"
"I&#039;ve been using ibuprofen for years and lately it has not been as effective and bothering my stomach with use of Fosamax too. Doctor switched me to Etolodac 400mg TR twice a day and I am happy he did. The stomach is handling it better with me, and the pain has gone to little or none based on the day. This was a wonderful relief as he had tried me on Celebrex and another previously and the ibuprofen worked better then. Now with the ibuprofen being less effective I am glad to have found this one."
"I have been on Sprintec for 20 days now and am still bleeding really badly. Super moody, depressed, no sex drive, nausea, weight loss, extremely tired, dizzy. Hoping that my period ends soon, or I will be switching."
"I have tried almost everything under the sun as related to acne medicine. The only thing that worked for me is Aczone. I have only been using it for 10 days now but my face has cleared up so fast. I have never seen my skin look so good in the last 5 years. It doesn&#039;t irritate the skin and goes on very light and absorbs right in. Highly, highly recommended."
"In the beginning  stomach aches and loss of appetite but now I&#039;ve got my eyesight back to normal, no longer thirsty and best of all, I&#039;ve lost weight, truly a win win situation."
"Savella works great. But the 1st week of side effects while titrating are uncomfortable. After that, it&#039;s great for energy, pain and brain fog though it takes a couple months to see dramatic improvement. People who stopped taking it after the 1st week didn&#039;t take it properly and aren&#039;t giving it a real chance. It&#039;s not a pain pill; doesn&#039;t work instantly. Important to remember: Take it early and with food. I take it at 5 am and 2 pm (7 weeks now). If not taken correctly, it&#039;ll cause headaches/nausea. Don&#039;t give up; give it 2 months to work. Doctors also aren&#039;t telling patients: It&#039;s an SNRI so don&#039;t take it with other serotonin affecting antidepressants or it&#039;ll make you sick (serotonin syndrome). Give it a chance; Savella helps A LOT."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 4 days, on the 3rd day my vision began getting blurry which caused a slight headache. Day 4 my vision is so blurred I can barely see. I began seeing white spots in my left eye only and now I have a migraine with light sensitivity. It&#039;s hard to work, walk or even have my eyes open. I agree with everyone else on here the taste is awful and it does work, but I would like to keep my vision. My Dr recommended I stopped taking it immediately until they find an alternative."
"This is the third birth control I&#039;ve taken. I have been on Lo Loestrin for about 3 years then switched to Minastrin for a year then stopped. After a year off of bc I decided to go back on and was prescribed Junel Fe. I to had night sweats, spotting, migranes, lost feeling in limbs, and nausea in the morning. On top of really bad breast tenderness, depression, and my entire body was bloated. I would not advise to take."
"Worked very well. Was surprised at the quality of my sleep. I woke up and felt like a new person. I slept just over 8 hours or so. Will take again. Doctor said there is no addictive potential."
"One hour after my first dose I had chills, stomach pain and then a SEIZURE. I DON&#039;T RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for over a year and I love it. I had a bad experience with the nexplanon and breakthrough bleeding. I don&#039;t have that issue with the patch. I do not have extreme mood swings or weight gain either. The only downside to it is that I get nauseous for a day or two on the 1st week after the no patch week."
"I have been suffering with abominable head/back pain (pain lasting around the clock for up to 4-5 days straight) as well as abdominal pains with constant vomiting and no ability to lead a normal life including having to take a leave of absence from my job.  In &#039;11 alone I was hospitalized 4 times 4 months in a row. One stay I was vomiting blood and passing it in my stool. In the ER Dilaudid IV gave me relief. Was given it every 2 hours. Zofran and Dilaudid helped at home too. My doctor put me on Vicodin inlieu of Dilaudid saying the latter was habit forming. Since then no relief of pains. Dilaudid 4mg helped great. Miracle medicine."
"I felt compelled to update my expirience with Buspirone after first reviewing this medication over 4 weeks ago now. My initial review was a positive one, after only 3 days the mental fog had disappeared but the anxiety still remained. Unfortunately this has remained the case up till now, therefore I&#039;m going to try some Prozac with this to help with the depression it causes."
"I&#039;m on day 2 on flagyl and amoxil. The only side effect I&#039;ve experienced, is bad headaches. Other than that, im just waiting for them to work. This tooth infection will be the end of me!!"
"It works to get rid of the yeast infection but the cream does burn at first and in the morning I wake up itchy. During the day I can tell its much better. Even though the product is a little itchy. I will use again. I get lots of yeast infections."
"This was my fifth colonoscopy but my first with Prepopik.  Compared to having to consume huge volumes of disgusting fluid in previous colonoscopies, this was not so bad.  The Prepopik itself was not bad tasting--it had a citrus flavor.  I had to drink 40 oz. of water over five hours after taking the first dose the night before the procedure.  About 45 minutes after the first dose, it started working.  When I went to bed, I was concerned that it was not working because I had a lot fewer BMs than with previous colonoscopies.

The morning of the procedure, I had to get up at 4:30 (four hours before the actual procedure) to take another does followed by 24 fluid oz. of water over an hour.  Doctor said I was super clean, so it worked fine!"
"I just started to go into withdraw from not using herion for close to 20 hrs and a friend of mine kicked a week ago with the help of Suboxone. He gave me 2 8mg pills instructed me to take 1/2 under tongue and if need be take 2mg more if needed tonight, it&#039;s 3 in the afternoon right now. He said it worked wonders for him and will give me more to  ween off of it day 3 And day 4. My question is does this really work to help suppress WD symptoms I&#039;m scared and wanna no what to expect. It&#039;s def time for a life change and will do anything to get this monkey off my back. Please give me some advise and any answers and words of strength would be greatly appreciated 
Thank you in advance
Little drummer boy."
"I wanted to share my experience after reading several reviews. I had the procedure about 10 hours ago, and I do have a high pain tolerance. I felt as though the procedure was uncomfortable but not really painful. I have not had any cramps or discomfort all evening with very minor spotting. So far things are going well. I did take 800mg of Ibuprofen before the insertion but nothing since."
"This works. Simple as that. One use and it works wonders. The only problem I&#039;ve had was having bad irritation. Itching, burning, and quite painful tbh. It works tho if you can get through the pain."
"Took this for 4 months after having a baby. Having cravings for sugar and carbs. Severe breast tenderness and SEVERE mood swings and depression. I have severe hot flashes and feel like a menopausal woman. They did all kinds of testing on me and said it must be this pill causing it. I&#039;m going off it next week! It has completely changed my personality and made me into an angry hormonal woman with mood swings daily."
"I had Nexplanon for 6 years total, I have mixed reviews on it. It was extremely effective at preventing pregnancy, and I didn&#039;t have periods at all while I had it! My only negative points would be horrible weight gain during the duration of having it and the weight was near impossible to lose. I recently had Nexplanon removed and immediately experienced mood swings and drop in my sex drive. Hopefully after my hormones rebalance I will feel normal! Other than that, no complaints! Definitely recommend for someone who does not want children for 3+ years"
"Had extreme allergic reaction. Told these reactions not uncommon. Take Care."
"I have been on Jolessa for 9 years. I have my period 2 days after starting the sugar pill, an its always been the same and right on time. I don&#039;t have acne except an occasional zit or two, my weight for the nine years has been the same beside small weight gain. I started Jolessa when I was 15-16 and I&#039;m 24 now. I&#039;ve never had a problem. And I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. I don&#039;t take it at the exact same time. I just take it when I wake up or remember. Thus far I love it! I&#039;m also very active in sports so its nice only having a period every 3 months. I will say that after a year or so of taking Jolessa I did lose the sex drive. That lasted about 1-2 years, but it came back two fold."
"Yeaterday got my 4th injection in 4 months at home by a nurse!
I think it&#039;s working very well so far.....I have taken many other  types of medicines over 7 years with  big side effects for RA.
I have had Ulcerative Colitis  for 15 years and took some meds for that. Because of side effects I began a very stringent diet, (specific carbohydrate diet).
I eventually got better and all UC symptoms stopped. Years later went off the diet and was soon reduced to suffering immensely with undiagnosed  RA symptoms.
I believe  my diet  contributes to my symptoms. I know food chemicals  can cause inflammation  and I know UC is cousin to RA. 
I  come from generations of alcoholics and am recovering  for 27 years. Sugar is a deadly &amp;  strong addiction.
Today I was lethargic "
"The problem I ran into however was it&#039;s side effects.  I had to stop taking it as it affected my breathing to the point that I couldn&#039;t walk half a block without gasping for air.  To this day I still have respiratory problems after taking this."
"I&#039;ve been using Axiron for a year now and have mostly enjoyed the results.   My T level was 293 before starting Axiron &amp; now is roughly 570 at quarterly
blood tests.  I&#039;ve experienced the good results, alertness, happiness and
an overall feeling of well being.  I also take 125 mcg of Thyroid med every 
morning for hypothyroidism, my Cholestorol is 118, down from 400.  I have no complaints about Axiron except what has happened to my testicles.  They were big, and hung down nicely.  I noticed after about 5 months on Axiron that they weren&#039;t hanging down as normal, but I chalked that up to age, more than using Axiron for my TRT.....  after paying closer attention, I now have testicles that are about 60% of their pre-Axiron size.  "
"I find most of these reviews funny. Most of the reviews are from young girls who don&#039;t have any children yet. So when they write &quot;extremely painful&quot;, &quot;worst pain&quot;, &quot;excruciating pain when they put it in&quot; I literally want to laugh. It is NOTHING compared to childbirth. I honestly didn&#039;t even flinch when they put it in. I had my daughter in September and got it inserted a week ago yesterday (January 4th). Yes, there was some cramping and a little bleeding, but nothing an ibuprofen and little panty liner couldn&#039;t handle. My husband and I don&#039;t want to have another baby until our daughter is a year old, and after discussing with my OB this was the best choice for us. I recommend this to anyone EVERYDAY over having to take the pill every night."
"Keflex treated my bladder infection successfully with no noticeable side effects, and was also very affordable."
"I was on a 3 day dose, and wouldn&#039;t have been able to stay on it any longer than that. My skin became red and dry. It felt like I had a full body sunburn. It did it&#039;s job as far as my infection, but now I always list this drug when asked for drug allergies."
"I&#039;m on a 3-day regimen.  Though this product was very easy to use, and I felt no burning, itching, or pain whatsoever, and it does seem to be working, I did have a strange feeling in my lower abdomen.  I have a flat stomach, and my stomach bloated up in that region and felt like I had fluid build up underneath, like there was a water balloon inside!  I searched for side effects, both on the medicine instruction manual and on-line and have not found this to even be listed as a possible side effect reported.  My thinking is that this medicine must foam up inside the vagina in order to cover every area inside needing treatment, but again there is no report of how it works once it is administered. "
"A new med I have been prescribed is causing dependent edema to lower legs. Pamabrom taken three times a day is alleviating the swelling far better than I would have guessed an OTC diuretic could. Great product."
"Monistat 7 did nothing but made me itch and burn more. I was told to let it work but it was so painful it bought me to tears. Hurts worse than the infection."
"Excellent"
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for five months. I wanted a contraceptive pill which would control my acne and which would have a lower dosage of hormones as well (I was taking Yaz before). I happen to be very sensitive to hormones. With this pill though, I got cystic acne on my forehead, on my temples, on my cheeks, on my chin and on my neck. I have an acne-prone skin but I have never had such bad acne than since I started this pill ! Also, my mood swings are a rollercoaster and I can feel sad and cry for no reason in the middle of the day and feel happy again right after that. I am done with this pill and am going to find another birth control solution."
"I am on bupropion SR for 2.5 months and it&#039;s been pretty good so far. I don&#039;t sleep all the time like on citalopram and my weight stayed the same with a slightly diminished appetite. The depression is mostly gone even though I&#039;m unemployed for a long time living off dwindling savings. But I&#039;m actually trying to get work now since I have more energy and feel generally better than ever despite the economy. My libido isn&#039;t much despite other comments here. 
Some anxiety still there and a few drinks in the evening help that.
The biggest side effect is extreme sweating when it is humid and above 70 degrees. It&#039;s embarrassing.
For me, bupropion (Wellbutrin SR) 100mg twice a day mostly works. Good luck."
"After taking my 4th dose I had a stroke. After testing there was no clear reason for the stroke and trulicy was my only new medicine. I wouldn&#039;t take it until the risks of stroke from this med is determined"
"Has helped me from the day I first took a sample pack from my Doctor! It&#039;s changed my life for the better,no worries about having to know where a restroom is,can be out and about like I use to be. Thank you"
"I have psychogenic itching. No other way to describe it. I have to scratch, my hands, body, everywhere! I also have anxiety and depression, so I told my doctor and therapist about the horror of this itchiness...I have been taking this medication for a few years, and I can&#039;t take it when I have work or school...I&#039;m totally groggy the next day. It doesn&#039;t help now as much as it used to, but for days when I&#039;m suffering; I have to take it."
"Caused suicidal ideation"
"I hate uti&#039;s must had it bad bc cranberry 100%real juice did not work!  As always this is what I&#039;m prescribed.  I hate that people had awful/bad experience with the drug.  I love it, works every time!!  Don&#039;t know if I&#039;m allowed to say but it sounds to me some might have had an allergic reaction or their body plain just didn&#039;t like it!  But I&#039;ve never had problems and greatful for this antibiotic!!"
"I tried Chantix 2 yrs ago.  I was 63 and smoked a pack to a pack and a half a day since I was 18.  Had quit cold turkey 2ce for more than 2 yrs each time, but ended up going back to the cigarettes. No one ever told me there was support, so I just took it as prescribed.  During the first week I had NO ability to cut down, much less quit.  I was going thru a breakup of a 20 yr relationship and did not get suicidal feelings, I got homicidal ones.  I am soooo not a violent person, and wanting to hurt someone was something I had never experienced.  I became really agitated and short tempered.  Finally gave up after 2 mos (never did manage to totally quit smoking).  Took me about 3 mos to get back to normal."
"Okay got the Skyla IUD inserted today, i work in a OB/GYN office so i am well aware of the side effects and advantages however i have tried pills and the Nuvaring and they did not work for me. So my best option was trying a IUD.. The insertion process wasn&#039;t bad the only thing that was weird was being on your cycle. But the actual insertion of the device took about 30 seconds or less i was not even aware that it was in. The cramping lasted for about an hour it felt like pre- cycle cramping or first day cramping. Not extremely bad just uncomfortable and they went away with some ibuprofen. I would do it again so ladies please review the side effects and remember that everybody is different."
"I thank God for the doctor who was willing to give me 0.5 mg of Klonopin for the restless leg syndrome I was having from the horrible dopamine reuptake inhibitors that other doctors were giving me. 
This drug was like a warm blanket in the cold for me, stopping my twisting and turning within 20 minutes. 

However, I give it 7 stars because it is not useful for long term treatment, as the withdrawal symptoms can be much worse than restless leg syndrome. Also, one must NEVER drink alcohol with this drug, which is a bummer if you want a glass of red wine. 

"
"I started the pills August 20th. I haven&#039;t been to the gym yet, but I eat SUPER healthy now and a lot less than I used to; and I have lost 8 pounds within 5 days!!! It&#039;s so crazy. I barely am ever hungry and I get so full so fast. I do have dry mouth, but I drink a lot of water for it. My doctor said by eating good and exercise here and there I could loose up to 20 pounds in one month. Hopefully I&#039;ll be able to loose another 50 pounds by the next 3 months!"
"I had a severe case of psoriasis at the base and outer areas of my hair line with severe itching and the Clobex lotion cleared it up in a week. I used a little on the affected area only."
"I started taking Lortab after I fell 22 feet in a hunting accident inMmarch of 2012. 4 months ago I learned that I had Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy, severe nerve damage, beginning stages of osteoporosis and arthritis, and bone fragments left in my ankle. Lortab was a God sent. It truly is the only thing that gets me through the day although there is still pain. It&#039;s nothing compared to what it would be like without it."
"Been taking now for 3 days.i was diagnosed with severe arthritis an bone spurs in my left knee.(tons of bone spurs) !!!! It was an old injury (30 yrs old ). I hadnt ever gottin it operated on .im 46 an injury was done when i was 15.My knee is trashed .i went to see the surgeon an this is what he gave me.so far it hasn&#039;t done anything but make me wanna take more.its not working for me.i guess the pain is just to much...anyhow i go back to see my family doc.in a few days an will post some more of this so you can mAybe help me with what to do about getting something stronger......"
"I have been on many medication for depression with associated panic attacks.  Nothing has worked but since my doctor prescribed me Pristiq CR 50 mg and I can now officially say it&#039;s changed my life! I&#039;m a survivor of many tragic events and feel like I&#039;m not a victim anymore.  I do clench my teeth more often but so what this side effect is nothing to compare to my unwillingness to live!  Give it time, three months or more you&#039;ll feel better I promise!"
"The expierence was awful, but the reviews here seem to be inaccurate. First, you feel as if gas is stuck inside of you. Second, comes a wave of nausea. Third, you&#039;re on the toilet for almost an hour and a half and in extreme pain. The pain isn&#039;t ER worthy at all. Advil helped me. Once you go #2 and everything flushes your system you&#039;re left with diarrhea and the cramps right before going to the restroom. The pain for me was on my sides and abdomen. Also, the pain was on my back and my hips. I took three. DO NOT TAKE 2-3 PILLS. TAKE ONLY ONE. One has the desired effects without the majority of the pain. I hope this helped"
"Awful drug run !!!! 

Where do I begin? I was prescribed Amplodipine benzalate 10mg to either take a 10mg pill a day i could break in half
Muscle weakness and muscle depletion its like acid that eats your muscles and makes the skin crawl literally ...
You can feel the pulses pound in your ankles 
Fire in stomach then chills all over the body 
Labored breathing 
Wheezing coughing conjestion caused me to get bronchitis which Ive never had in my life ...

Drowning feeling in chest and lungs 
Weakness tingling in head thougt I was having a stroke 
Tingling in toes and fingers extreme coldness ...

Cramping anxiety fatigue makes you feel your in another world or are just there...
Thought I was dying felt like organs were shutting down.
Run folks"
"I am female 5&#039;3&quot; top weight 169. I started Contravene 4 weeks ago, I just finished my first week at the max dose of 2 morning/2evening and I have enough to last me about 2 more weeks at that dose. I have not lost any weight but I did get down to 160 and have fluctuated between 163-167 over the past week, just up and down and its frusrating as heck!!
During week 1 was nearly ready to quit; I couldn&#039;t sleep, the fatigue was unbearable, and I wanted to eat everything. Now my problem has never been eating bad or not exercising. My problem is that about 7 years ago I began packing on 6-10lbs a year. So, suddenly wanting to pig out was a major deviation from my norm. Week 2-3 were great, energy/appetite were tops. Week four I&#039;m tired again!"
"Wow! I&#039;ve been using Hypercare for a week, and it has been an absolute miracle. The first time I used it, the stinging was shockingly harsh. I had been using Certain Dri, which stung a little, and figured this would be no different. It was WAY worse.... But! I was sweat free for the first time in a decade! And the terrible sting never happened again, only the one time after my initial application. I hope this continues to work as well as it has been. Not a drop of sweat so far. I couldn&#039;t be happier!"
"Yes I do not have a period nor do I cramp at all but I hate this birth control. The insertion was the most painful thing I&#039;ve ever done. She did not numb me at and was very rude when I was crying because it hurt so bad. I also have gained almost 50 pounds... I feel awful about my self, have zero sex drive, and am going up a pants size every week. I do not recommend this at all"
"Abilify gave me total erectile dysfunction, spasms. It made me fatigued even if I took it at night but at the same time it made me feel quite agitated inside. I was only on this medication for a month so I cannot say whether it controlled my symptoms effectively. It may work for some, however the side effects were unbearable for me."
"Just started my third week. No side effects so far. On first week lost desire to snack on second day. However on second week I noticed I seemed to want to snack more. Desire seems to have gone now though. I am drinking tons of water, cut out sugar and increased protein. Hope to start exercising again soon after hurting foot in a fall.
Started at 170lbs down four pounds so far. Losing slower than I&#039;d like but am feeling positive."
"I have only been taking Abilify (along with my Prozac) for 2 days. So far I have had many ups and downs. I wake up feeling shaky and out of sorts. I have trouble breathing and black out a lot. (I black out anyways, but it has increased). Then I go through a period of anxiety and sweating. A little while later I go through severe nausea and then extreme fatigue. Between each phase I feel pretty great, but it&#039;s short lived. I&#039;m going to give it more time, but that&#039;s the initial reaction for me."
"I&#039;ve tried this drug, got side effects, like restless legs. Loss of overall happiness, it doesn&#039;t feel like it provide anything"
"I tryed norgesic for 2 weeks 3 times a day. It was for a bad muscle spasm im my back, was hard to breathe. I swear norgesic is a placebo.It  did nothing at all for me...Nothing. Worked as paracetamol at best dose no better imo. Told the doctor of my opinion and was given Valium  (diazepam) 5mg. That worked amazingly. I felt it working the whole time. With the valium it took me 2 weeks to recover. Im EXTREMELY surprised to see so many people say norgesic it worked for them, But glad it did. 
I don&#039;t usually give feedback  /- however I truly don&#039;t think this compound works."
"I am feeling much better, been on this for about a month, I can feel my sexuality coming back and I am much more positive.  Everyone should be told that this medicine could cause severe nausea and vomiting.  I mean bad, but well worth it.  Nausea starts first at the lower doses and then EXPLOSIVE diarrhea sets in for at least a week.  I&#039;m continuing treatment, I feel much better and gastrointestinal side effects are going away slowly.  Feel great, but prepare for the diarrhea."
"I am finishing week 2 of 4, treating bcc on my chest and shoulders. My chest is bright red with large scabs the covers the majority of my chest. It constantly burns and itches. As of the completion of the first week I started experiencing headaches, chills, body aches, the occasional nausea and dizziness. Anti inflammatory and hot baths help ease the aches. Honestly if it were not such a large area I would prefer doc to cut and stitch like he has done many times before. I am going to try to stick out these last two weeks...."
"I don&#039;t know why there are so many bad reviews for this birth control. I&#039;ve been on it a whole week now and it&#039;s been amazing. Some say it just comes right off in the shower. I haven&#039;t had that problem at all. I&#039;ve even gotten the patch soapy by accident when washing my body and it didn&#039;t budge. I will continue using this method, as I had bad reactions to the depo shot and remembering pills doesn&#039;t work well for me. The only side effect I have had some trouble with was feeling very fatigued the first three days of use. Other than that, Xulane is a 10 out 10."
"Gianvi is the only birth control I&#039;ve ever used, and granted I&#039;ve only been on it two weeks, but so far I LOVE IT. Not only am I less irritable, judgmental, and teary, but  for the first time in months I am able to fall asleep without using melatonin or any other sleep aid. Also, my sex drive has way increased. I haven&#039;t felt bloated, but breasts are a little larger. I have noticed that if I don&#039;t take the pill within the same hour range I am a little &quot;off&quot; emotionally. But if I keep it regular- I feel better than I have in years."
"Excellent product"
"I was quite scared to use this product after reading all you lovely ladies reviews but I went ahead an tried it after hesitating for probably two hours, lol. I bought this early yesterday at my local Walmart for $4.96. I won&#039;t be using the cream because I was told that&#039;s what burns. An I&#039;ve experienced all the symptoms, everyone&#039;s claimed to get using this product, already so I figured I&#039;d be up all night. But after using my first suppository almost 20 minutes ago I&#039;ve had only a very tiny amount of itching. No burning or pain. Will post later (If im still up) or tomorrow telling how I&#039;m feeling. Time for bed. OH &amp; ALSO.. I took two 500mg acetaminophen before hand to help fight any pain I&#039;d get &amp; brought three ice cubes to bed with me."
"I started using the NuvaRing just yesterday and I have already noticed a dramatic change in my moods. I quickly go from happy to sad, to mad. I felt like I was insane several hours after insertion. Hopefully I can get over the mood swings because other than that I believe the NuvaRing was the best choice for me. It doesn&#039;t hurt at all, it&#039;s easy to use, and my partner said he felt it during sex but not enough to distract or bother him."
"I&#039;m in my early 50&#039;s, I decided to give this a try, fatigue and age catching up with me, half hard most of the time.  I took 50mg. and waited a couple hours, went to bed with the wife. Wow is all I can say! Twice!  We have enjoyed it every since. Pricey though."
"I have used this medicine off and on for 7 years.  All of you who have issues with doing things that you don&#039;t remember need to be sure that you are taking it properly.  I have been there and my 24 year old daughter still laughs at the things I have no memory of.. and I own several things I bought at 2 am.  

Finally two years ago I found a physician who took the time to explain how this medicine works and it changed everything.  You must be lying in bed, &quot;ready to go to sleep&quot;, with no lights on at all.  Ambien shuts down part of your brain and if you are not waiting to fall asleep lying in bed then after you take it the chemical reaction that allows you to fall asleep so easily also keeps you from remembering things you do. Take it properly."
"I have been on Abilify for 2 weeks. I can now sleep better, I have had no side effects thus far. No weight gain noticed, hope I don&#039;t either."
"I just started adipex 3 days ago. Im having some insomnia and terible dry mouth. But I also have mad energy and little appetite. Adipex is amazing! Compared to having no energy, terrible depression, and feeling like there was no hope, I feel great! Hopefully this continues don&#039;t give up there is help out there!!"
"I was born an addict. I remember drinking at 8 years old. Oh I would go years staying clean, but on the inside I was craving drugs everyday. I have used almost every drug there is. I have a husband that is in the Army and 4 beautiful kids. I had a serious obsession with pain pills. I would take anything I could get my hands on. I wanted to die, the withdrawals were enough to keep me using to feel normal. I was about to lose everything. Finally I went to a doctor and was put on Suboxone, that was over two years ago. I am still clean, and do believe Suboxone is a miracle pill. Life is still hard, we still have struggles, but the Suboxone changed my life. Now I get to enjoy my children. I want to stay clean for them and me."
"I have had intolerances to several inhalers. This is the first maintenance inhaler that I have been able to use with great success and NO side effects! It&#039;s the best thing I have found to control my asthma - ever!"
"Almost 30 and this is the first time I sought help for ADD. It has truly been a scourge in my life. Been on bupropion over 3 weeks. 300 mg per day. I don&#039;t have depression and am taking this for ADD. Nothing has changed for me other than urinating more."
"Got my Kyleena in on 9/7/17. I had a friend drive me in because of all that I was reading about women getting dizzy after the procedure. I was prepared to feel the worst pain of my life but it was nothing but a little discomfort for me (23, never had kids) doctor gave me cytotec to take the night before, and was insistent on me taking it, but after reading up on it I decided not to and to take my chances instead (and I&#039;m happy I did!) afterwards I felt a little feverish the rest of the day with a little bit of cramping on and off for the next few days. I&#039;ve also had on/off nausea but I&#039;ve only had it a week so I&#039;m hoping that goes away. Would give it 10 stars but I&#039;m currently going through an extremely severe breakout. It&#039;s worth it!"
"Huge breakout in the beginning. Subsided and all was good- until the anxiety and depression hit me like a truck. Could not for the life of me figure out why I was so anxious to the point of not sleeping, and crying all the time. Going back to my doctor to get something else. Yikes."
"This medicine is absolutely wonderful. I had a stomach virus, took this medicine and did not vomit or feel nauseated again. I would recommend this to anyone suffering a stomach virus."
"My doctor had me on a 20mg dose once a day. It made me real dizzy. Some mornings when I would sit up in bed I would fall over from almost passing out. I later found out that 
lisinopril a synthetic medication related to a natural snake venom."
"I decided to post a review to hopefully help anyone out there who&#039;s looking for info. Me:I&#039;m 39, no kids, no other medications, alcohol only a few times per year. My results: The first two months I had irregular spotting and two periods a month lasting 4 to 5 days each (the periods were 2 weeks apart so 4 in 2 months). After that, the next 6 months I have been very consistent, one period per month starting on the same day each month and only lasting about 5 days and no spotting in between. Break-outs have been more common in these 6 months just before my period starts, frustrating but controllable with sleep, a multi-vitamin and an acne cream to help. I have not gained weight, but struggle losing it. No harsh or scary side-effects so far."
"I was taking Tri-Sprintec birth Control pills for almost 5 years, last year I started having irregular periods, last visit Dr told me to continue with the package regularly... yesterday I found out I am pregnant maybe 3+ weeks according to Clear Blue HPT"
"I got the Nexplanon placed in January (3 months ago). The first two weeks, I bleed extremely heavy. So heavy I would bleed through a tampon and a pad within two hours. Which my doctor said was very normal for this BC. I have been on almost every BC and there are positive and negative thinking this one. I truly forgot about it being in my arm, but the non stop bleeding for me was the worse thing. I would bleed like a normal period for 7-10 days, heavy (which I have never in 27 years of life had a heavy period).  Then I would spot for a few days, stop for two days, and start bleeding heavy again. I also notice if I tried to have sex in the small window of no bleeding I would start bleed right after intercourse."
"The first taste of the mix was AWFUL. Its a funky salty thick cherry flavor. They gave me a small window to drink it and then TWO full glasses of water. The medicine made me terribly nauseous and I had a hard time finishing it. It made me shake terribly, light headed and made my heart pound.  After about an hour the feeling wore off and the medicine began to work. I went 8 times over the next two hours. The next morning I had to wake up at 330 am to take the second dose. I slammed it as terribly as I didn&#039;t want to. Right after I finished it I vomited everywhere. They did still do my test and my bowels were almost cleaned out. I told them I&#039;ll never take this prep again. It was my first one and last! I&#039;ll take an enema or miralax."
"I started using this on 02/20/14 and use everyday (as directed) and have not had one &quot;side effect&quot;. Changed my eating habits and doing Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred and am down from 201lbs to 195lbs today. I don&#039;t know if it the Alli, the workout, or eating different but something is working and without any side effects. I would definitely recommend and hopefully it will get these other 45lbs off."
"My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD in May 2009 on her 8th birthday.  She was put on Concerta and we immediately noticed a difference.  We have had to increase it a couple of times but there has never been a negative side effect. She even noticed the difference in her ability to focus at school and at home.  It has also helped her to maintain her friendships (she not as annoying). I am satisfied with how Concerta has helped my daughter."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena in for a little over a year now. I&#039;m 20 now. When I first got it, it was so painful and the pain did not stop there. I had severe cramps and pains for about 2 weeks after I got it put in. After the pain stopped, I loved Mirena! I haven&#039;t had a period at all in 9 months, the best thing ever. Then I noticed I gained about 15lbs, and I&#039;m normally really skinny without having to lift a finger. Then I started to get acne all over my back! I never got acne on my back and now it&#039;s everywhere. I have had some pains in my side! They are so painful. I had to pull over my car sometimes because they would get so bad. I&#039;m getting Mirena out."
"I&#039;m on my second last dose of a two week trial on Brintellix 10mg. I&#039;m no worse, but no better, I&#039;m indifferent.
I&#039;m 36yrs old and suffered major depressive disorder since 13yrs old. I&#039;ve been through 26 rounds of ect and countless antidepressants. I&#039;m a diagnosed medical Excreter, so meds only work for short periods before I drop severely. Ritalins been the only thing that continues to help. I was put in trial at the Blackdog Institute 3 years ago for it, but felt like I was on a never ending roller coaster. They changed me to the slow release Concerta which has been better.
Brintellix makes me vomit, itch, stars in eyes (sometimes)but I&#039;ll give it more time. Edronax, Clomipramine, Lexipro, Effexor, Floxitin, Dothep + heaps more don&#039;t work."
"Effects are short-lived, but Ativan is great for acute panic episodes.  On the downside of things tolerance builds quickly."
"Orthocept is the only birth control I&#039;ve tried, and so far it has been okay.  I haven&#039;t noticed any loss of sex drive, mood swings and the only spotting I had was from missing two days.  The worst thing that happened to me was my breasts grew at least two cup sizes, and are constantly sore and tender.  I have been on Orthocept for five months now."
"I am 29 years old been smoking for 13-14 years I have two daughters and I knew it was time to quit they shouldn&#039;t have to wait on me to play till after I have a cigarette. I did a lot of research which is very scary but I firmly believe everyone reacts different to medication! This medicine is a miracle for me! I quickly cut back to just a couple cigarettes a day in the first week. By day 6 I was done smoking! Havent smoked since. Only side effects I had were constipation but I just went down to only taking 1 pill per day and that corrected its self!"
"I was diagnosed with stage 3 lung cancer. My doctors all agreed I would need chemotherapy so I did 2 before my oncologist suggested xalkori.. Over all its better. My side effects are mostly diarrhea, itching and nausea. But I am maintaining my weight and feeling more energetic sometimes. Thank you got making it and it is really saving my life"
"My son, 11 has had absence seizures for a year now.  Have been trying to treat it and have been through 7 different medicines.  Added Keppra 500 mg to his 300 mg of Zonegran. The NEXT DAY after first dose of Keppra he had not noticeable seizures, but 2 weeks later he had his first and only grand mal.  We took him off Keppra; the absence seizures are back, but no grand mals.  "
"My blood pressure went up to 200/110 when I took this medicine."
"The Depo Shot is the first birth control I&#039;ve been on and I would say It&#039;s going pretty good. I haven&#039;t gained any noticeable weight, just 7 lbs since I started it. I do spot 2 weeks before it&#039;s time for my next shot which sucks because that&#039;s also the time period where I&#039;m most interested!. Otherwise it&#039;s great. I&#039;ve heard that after a year of use your period stops completely and my one year is coming up next week so I&#039;ll let you guys know how that goes."
"I gave the Implanon an 8 only because of the initial breakthrough bleeding.  I mean it does exactly what it is intended to do, prevent pregnancy.  For the first three months I bled nonstop but about three weeks ago it suddenly stopped. I had the Implanon implant inserted four weeks after having my baby and I have had no problems with weight or mood swings.  As a matter of fact when I found out I was pregnant I weighed about 122lbs and now I&#039;m down to 116lbs and my daughter is 4 months old.  I love not having to think about the pill or worry about having another baby sooner than I want.  I&#039;d advise anyone who gets the Implanon implant to wait at least 6 months before removing it.  Give your body time to adjust to the hormones."
"I have been on Campral for over a year now and wish that it worked for me as well as it has for others. Unfortunately I still want to drink every day and did so daily for at least four months on the medication. "
"I have been taking it for 30 days and no change in ringing is noticed."
"I&#039;ve had my implant since July of 2015 &amp; I&#039;ve had mixed feelings about it. My Dr &amp; I talked everything through, the good &amp; the bad &amp; my concerns &amp; I was on board! Putting it in didn&#039;t hurt at all! I bruised pretty ugly but that&#039;s because my skin is very sensitive so it should be a different experience for anyone else. Since before being on this BC I hadn&#039;t had a period so I thought I would at least have some sort of period or spotting but I haven&#039;t! 6 months &amp; still NO period!! The only thing I hate is that I did gain about 10-15 pounds &amp; my mood swings became terrible. Even now sometimes they&#039;re horrible. Recently (maybe the past 3 months) I&#039;ve been feeling depressed &amp; abdominal pain..probably because of my BC &amp; my weight gain :("
"It helps me a lot with my constipation issues. But it has done something for me that I don&#039;t see anybody mentioning. I&#039;ve been having constipation problems for over 40 years. The big problem for me was that just going &quot;normal&quot; to the bathroom was not enough for me. When the stool just got a little harder I felt real bad, I couldn&#039;t think right, got in a bad mood, felt like intoxicated. In my opinion, my bowels let too many toxins go into my body. As such, I had to take laxative when other person might not need it. Linzess seems to prevent the toxins to go into my body and in doing so, it has had an extraordinary effect on me. The main effect has been that some joint pains that I thought were chronic just disappeared short after I started"
"I had nexplanon implanted on 9-25-14 I didn&#039;t have a period for maybe the first 5 days after then I started to bled very heavy which lasted for 2 weeks subsided lightly then when me and partner tried intercourse it came back and now has been on every since then getting it took out next month I miss sex a lot !! Don&#039;t recommend it but everyone is different"
"I had Botox in bladder 10 days ago and it has only made my bladder worse.instead of going to the toilet every 20 minutes I&#039;m now going every 5! I&#039;m not sleeping and have had really bad urine infection! I was back in hospital on Sunday! I would not recommend anyone getting this done. I have suffered with bladder problems for 17 years and getting really down about it all now! I have no idea what to do now."
"Have a pulmonary embolism, been on Xarelto since January 27 2013. No problems, make sure you have your doctors do a creatinine test to adjust your Xarelto. God bless."
"After several months of taking this I needed to go on insulin but did not relate to the medication at the time.  Since stopping because of headaches and fuzzy feeling in my head,  my blood sugars are now lower than they have been."
"Nothing worked on me ambien, sonatata, Valium , this WORKS"
"The doctor didn&#039;t warn mean it was putting dog steroid ointment in my eye so I had no choice to continue using it :/ I was diagnosed with allergic conjunctivitis and the doctor told me to put the ointment 2x a day for 7-10 days..pharmacist said 5-7 so idk I&#039;m gonna stop at 5 because I&#039;m scared of using this it makes my eyes really dry and whole eyelid greasy/sticky :("
"I was told by my psychiatrist to try lexapro 10 mg for my anxiety. I have tried other medications in the past to help with it like Wellbutrin and Zoloft. They didn&#039;t help at all  I got side effects right away like  nausa,headaches and dizziness. So I was hoping that lexapro would help where the others didnt. I kept a positive attitude in hopes that it would make me have less anxiety. I took my first pill and 2 hrs later I felt so nauseous that I had trouble standing up without wanting to vomit. Then I starting feeling like my scalp was on fire. Also parts of my skin felt like it had a burning sensation. It didn&#039;t go away for the rest of the day. The next day I tried again and the same thing happened I wondered if with EDS if I can&#039;t take it"
"I had this is for 3 and a half years the first time , for the first year and a half my weight was fairly ok but after that the pounds started to add on I took it out and started on the injection and the weight fell off me (2 and a half stone) ..after being on that over 2 years I decided to go back on the bar thinking long term protection and hopefully the side effects won&#039;t be the same, I now have it in nearly 2 years and it&#039;s happened again I gained 2 stone again so I&#039;m now getting it out next month even tho Its still valid for another year and I would never ever get it in again or recommend it to anyone ..even tho the protection is very good the side effects are horrendous"
"I am bipolar and I was not on a mood stabilizer, due to severe sensitivity to side effects. I take Klonopin 1 mg and Lamictal 150mg twice a day. I was taking Ambien for sleep, but now with the Saphris, I don&#039;t need any sleep medicines and I am so much more relaxed and not stressed out. I&#039;m very happy that I&#039;ve finally found something that is working. My mind has slowed down, deeper sleep modes and less stress reactions to people. I feel great. Not manic great, just great. I&#039;m thankful to my family for their support and standing by me in the rough times of the disease. My family is benefiting as well. I have to rate this as a 10. The taste is bad, but the cherry is helping. Much luck to all to try and see if it can help you too!"
"I have been on the depo shot for about two months, about 3.5 weeks ago I started having a lot of pressure around my tail bone area, horrible cramps, way more emotional and spotting, then BAM!!! Mother nature hits with a vengeance, non stop period. yes the depo is awesome because not getting prego, but not having sex is having the same affect."
"This stuff is amaaaaaaaaazing.  I had gastric sleeving nearly 12 months ago and I was constipated before surgery but way, way worse after surgery.  I had tried every product on the market and was still constipated.  I bought some of these little beauties in Thailand on holiday and it worked a serious miracle.  I may be the only person who can holiday in Asia and not get the squirts.  Not sure whether the preparation is the same in Australia but I will be stocking up next time I go on holidays.  Best.laxative.ever."
"This medication literally saved my life. I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder Type 1. I also experience mixed episodes and psychosis.  I&#039;ve tried countless antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and antipsychotics. Upon being recommended this anticonvulsant, I was skeptical. It took a while to titrate to the effective level. I am now on 300 mg of Lamictal every day. This medication gave me head aches at first, I also experienced weight loss. I still have my bad days but they&#039;re not as intense and frequent as they were before this medication. I now have the will to live again, thanks to lamictal."
"Currently on day 4/7 100mg BID. I went from feeling like my back was being ripped open and sobbing until I couldn&#039;t anymore from the pain to waking up the next day after my first dose feeling like a new person, this antibiotic is ok in my book! Mild GI issues, decreased appetite, and headaches are my only side effects. Nothing in comparison to what I was feeling before. All antibiotics aren&#039;t fun to be on, so keep that in mind before writing scary negative reviews. Hopeful that the Macrobid clears this up."
"Had a bad cough for 5 weeks took Emycin and it cleared within 6 days."
"While effective as birth control, I had some bad side effects.  I took Yaz for three years and had an increasing number of issues.  All the issues I contributed to something other than Yaz until reading some forums where people were having similar problems.  Some side effects I experienced were weight gain, severe depression, nightmares, severe migraines, and heartburn.  Today my doctor switched me to Aviane. I will take my first pill in about fifteen minutes so I hope that it works for me.
I think everyone needs to remember that each person&#039;s body chemistry is different so each type of medication will affect everyone differently.  I think its pretty much trial and error to find the perfect pill for your body."
"I have only given this a 5 to date as I was hoping to get better information on this website as to how other people felt about the drops. Most it seems didn&#039;t give it enough to time, it appears,  to find out if it actually works, if asthma and extreme side effects it&#039;s understandable. I am the same as them. I used this the first time and my eyes not only burned but they were cloudy and I had to lay down and close my eyes for 20-30 min before it dissipated. I like others was so annoyed by it that I didn&#039;t give it a chance. This eye condition has ruined my quality of life at 46. Does anyone else wonder how this came about? You never heard about dry eye disease 30-40 years ago unless you were 90. Now people in 20&#039;s have this debilitating cond"
"On it for a month and I&#039;m having bad side effects. Extreme restless arms and legs, enough that I can&#039;t sleep in the same bed as my husband. Slight headache, nausea, extreme fatigue...can&#039;t function and my pain is ok, as long as I don&#039;t do any gardening or heavy house work. Right now I can barely make dinner,. I&#039;m so very tired all the time. 
I had to go on this med because we just retired and my medicare drug insurance will not pay for what worked so well  before...then there was a quality of life...now I&#039;m not doing so well."
"I&#039;m 15 and using this birth control to regulate my period. This is the first pill I&#039;ve been on and I&#039;ve been taking it for 5 days only. It gave me serious side effects and an allergic reaction. I have a red rash on my face, severe stomach pains and vomiting."
"After months of sleepless nights, I finally went to the doc and was prescribed Amitriptyline about 6 or 7 days ago. The doc said not to skip a dose - to take it every night. It takes about 2 weeks to get into your system enough to work properly. Jury&#039;s still out, but it does not put me to sleep for several hours after taking it, and sometimes it doesn&#039;t work at all. I was wide awake at 5:30 a.m. morning before last. Last night I was asleep within an hour of laying down and slept until 11 a.m. this morning. Some days I feel groggy, and others I feel refreshed. My pain level has decreased drastically. Have bad, arthritic knees. Wondering if this drug helps relieve inflammation? I think it makes me calmer the day after. Still hoping....."
"I have tried so many sleeping meds. I take two 10mg pills every night and some times I take an Imovane 7.5mgs with it. I have chronic insomnia. I not only don&#039;t fall asleep but I also don&#039;t stay asleep. I find with the Zolpidem, if I eat before I take it the medication is not affective for me, the same with the Imovane. As long as I eat a few hours before I take this medication it works somewhat but better than anything i have tried thus far. I still wake up 3 to 10 times a night but at least it allows me to fall alseep at some point as long as its not on a full stomach. I hope this helps!!"
"I love it I haven&#039;t had any weight gain and the only problem was my period lasted a month but other then that I have very few headaches and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant"
"After about 4 years of terrible hay fever, lasting from about September to May, I have finally found my cure! I have tried countless allergy medications, including Zyrtec. None of them seemed to work until my doctor finally told me to try Allegra 180mg. I have not experienced any side effects, except I did have a sore throat about a week after starting Allegra. I definitely recommend this product."
"For first week on 10mg, had brain zaps, diarrhea, tingling on extremities, and some nausea, insomnia. Almost discontinued taking drug. However, after a week, most side effects improved, Now on 20mg per MD recommendation, only have insomnia and some leg cramps now, slight weight gain but not much. Mood improved and bonus is that my sexual function has improved for the first time in 10 years. Based on my experience so far, would recommend if you are willing to tolerate side effects for several weeks when beginning drug."
"I broke my knee, and all the cartilage came out of the back, I hate NARCOTICS,  having bipolar issues, as well, . Ultram is right in the middle, takes pain away , ENOUGH, so I don&#039;t have to concentrate on me!"
"If I could rate 0 I would 
****WARNING PLEASE LISTEN****
IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING THE DEPO SHOT AND HAVE BIPOLAR DEPRESSION PLEASE BE AWARE OF THE SIDE EFFECTS THAT MAY OCCUR!!! =====&gt; Extreme mood swings, irritably, feelings of familiarity, odd sensations and worse depression. If you are considering depo please take caution if you do have bipolar depression. It works differently for everyone but I just know I don&#039;t like the outcomes and I feel that I should just fore warn others just in case"
"I was not going to take Lexapro after reading all the reviews. I was really skeptical about the side effects. I read one very positive review &amp; it changed my mind. I am so glad I started Lexapro two months ago. I was put on Lexapro for anxiety. I was always in a bad mood &amp; everything set me off. I started with 10mg &amp; saw a slight improvement the first week. It wasn&#039;t until the Dr put me on 15mg about a month in that I really saw considerable improvement. Two months later I can honestly say I am am so happy to be on this medication. Everything just seems better. I am happy. I find joy in the things I used to. I look forward to social events. My mood is so much better. I did not gain weight. No sexual side affects. Please give it a try!"
"I have just started taking this blood pressure medication, but so far very good!  It has definitely brought my blood pressure down with little or no side effects! Thanks."
"My Dr put me on crestor 6 weeks ago and my ldl went from 283 to 83.
He couldn&#039;t believe it.
I don&#039;t have any side effects or pain."
"I&#039;m happy and unhappy with this birth control. The pain of insertion was fine for me because it was fast and the doctor said I wouldn&#039;t feel it as bad because I just had a baby 4 months ago. Reasons I&#039;m happy with Liletta - doesn&#039;t make me moody or sad like the pill did, no breakouts other than what I had before which is 1-2 hormonal pimples per month, and can&#039;t feel it.
Unhappy - Got it 5 weeks ago and have spotted pretty much every day since. My first period was longer and heavier. I get random cramps, especially after a work out and it is annoying. 
My check up is next week and if the doctor doesn&#039;t think my spotting will stop within the next 2-3 weeks then I will be taking it out. Hate worrying about spotting every day."
"Slow to get going but lasts forever when activated."
"Good but gave me runs and gas."
"Nortriptyline comes in 10, 25, and at LEAST 50mg. I think it also comes in larger doses. I have taken it for migraine prevention for several years then it stopped working as well. I currently take Venoflaxalin (or however you spell it) The problem I currently have is my GP prescribed Nortriptyline for my neuropathy I have gotten from a side effect of taking Levaquin. DON&#039;T EVER TAKE!! I am taking 50mg as that seems to be the level that has helped. I titrated up to that level. EVERYTHING I read tell me I shouldn&#039;t be taking these 2meds together as it may cause a seratonin reaction that could be very serious. I have reduced the Venoflaxalin, but I am waking with DAILY migraines. I don&#039;t think my GP is informed."
"Tested today with the urologist. I&#039;m a 38 year old diabetic in great shape actually but have erectile dysfunction and nothing seems to work. They prescribed a 20mcg of Edex. We tried it at 10mcg. Seems to work really well."
"Solodyn is great, but unfortunately, the side effect aren&#039;t. This product has cleared up my skin, but I had to stop taking it due to its side effects. It made me really itchy, gave me yeast infections, and hives."
"Was on this for 12 weeks for general birth control. It did exactly what it&#039;s supposed to do, but the acne it caused me just wasn&#039;t worth it. I didn&#039;t have mood swings or anything like that. I did, however, lose some weight. If you have sensitive skin this might not be the right one for you."
"Chronic Pain Patient for 20 years and am now 48. This medicine works great as long as I have the 2 per day 30mg IR Morphine to take in case of break through pain but I cut those in half to only take 25mg when the break through pain isn&#039;t to bad. I have found Embeda to work really good for me and doesn&#039;t make me feel all doped up."
"These pills really knocked me hard!!! Had a tooth pulled and doctor put me on for 7 days...Never slept so much in my life. Had absolutely no energy to do ANYTHING!! Fair warning everyone!!"
"I am 26 years old and got the Mirena IUD 6 months ago. I do not have any children. Getting the IUD inserted was the most pain I have ever experienced, it felt like my uterus was getting electrocuted!! After getting it inserted, I had severe cramps that lasted for at least 3 months along with constant bleeding and/or spotting. These cramps were significantly more painful than my normal cramps. I had to take t3&#039;s and at times couldn&#039;t even move. Since then I have also gained 20 lbs and got acne on my chin/neck/chest. I have also got random skin rashes. I was really hoping this would work out for me, but I am thinking about getting it removed if nothing changes in the next few months - I don&#039;t feel like myself anymore."
"Just diagnosed with acute diverticulitis. I am on day 3 with of flagyl and bactrim and I feel horrible. Break out in sweats where I am actually dripping and still have fever of 102.   Anyone else have this experience and is it normal. Thanks"
"I started with symptoms Friday night and immediately started Tamiflu. I tested positive for flu A. This medicine works wonders for the flu. My advice is to anyone who starts to experience symptoms to get to a doc immediately. I still have some congestion but I feel 95% better!"
"I was prescribed 2.5 mg/day Abilify to augment 40 mg/day Celexa (for anxiety) and 150 mg/day Trazadone (for insomnia) in order to address my depression as the other 2 medicines didn&#039;t seem to help. Within a week I did notice an improvement in my mood and motivation. Nothing earth shattering but noticeable. Hoping my doctor will bump me up next time I see him. I have not had any problems so far concerning increased hunger or any other side effects except for the first 4 days or so I did get heartburn and hiccups but these have passed."
"Lamictal has controlled my bipolar type 2 which manifests as depression &amp; hypomania. I never have full blown mania. My GYN Dr prescribed  hormone replacement treatment to treat my mood swings. It completely inactivated my Lamictal so it was as if I went off it cold turkey. It was the most horrible experience of my life!  My HR increased to 130, my BP to 160/98, my thoughts raced &amp; then I couldn&#039;t focus or make sense &amp; made serious mistakes. I didn&#039;t sleep &gt;15 hours in 5 days and no sleep the last 48 hrs. Klonopin saved me when 4 meds failed. Just don&#039;t ever drive!! I plan on using Uber!! Hope this helps someone! As w/all meds will need to adjust &amp; figure out how to taper off. I have an amazing Pdoc though &amp; I have strong faith. "
"Dymista worked great on the swelling and pain in my sinuses, but I experienced several negative side effects so I discontinued use.  I felt jittery, anxious, nauseated and had diarrhea."
"I&rsquo;ve been taking Zoloft for three months and after one month it was damn near impossible to orgasim. I still had the desire for sex and would reach the peak before the orgasm, however, the orgasm would never come! It was so frustrating that I gave up on even trying. 

I told my doctor and she added the lowest dose of Wellbutrin. I&rsquo;ve been taking it for four days and I&rsquo;m proud to say I had an orgasm within two minutes the other night. I also feel a lot better and a lot more calm. I also like how I&rsquo;m able to focus on a task like I use to pre medication.  With the Zoloft it made me so lazy and even took away my good anxiety. 

I have a high metabolism and felt the effects of Zoloft and Wellbutrin within the same day. Which isn&rsquo;t typical."
"I went to a dermatologist back in November, he prescribed me zaina , I start out by using it daily and it cause me a lil redness but it went away , it also made break out a lil when I first start using it , I think that was one of the side effects , but anyways its now January, and my face is looking so muchhhhh better I only have a bit of scars but besides that zaina help me out a lot , and I would recommend this to other people struggling with acne . I also took before and after pictures and I love how my skin is looking ."
"I have been taking Ambien/zolpidem for years. It is reasonably effective but I found that there are differences between generic manufacturers making some more effective than others. For example, the generic I found was effective was manufactured by Mylan; that manufactured by Torrent is only about 40% effective. I have had many literally sleepless nights when the Rx was filled with the Torrent variant."
"Methadone is wonderful for opiate withdrawal and pain management. My doctor had prescribed me Percocets and Oxycontin for a year, for pain. When she cut me off, the withdrawals were too much. She recommend methadone for the pain and withdrawals. I have been on methadone for 1 year 7 months and been clean for one year as May 2012. The benefits include withdrawal and pain management but side effects may include weight gain, but it does subside once you are on a stable dose, eat properly and exercise daily. Good luck to everyone who is on methadone it works!"
"I was prescribed 500 mg twice a day Augmentin for a sinus infection. After the second dose I developed BAD stomach cramps, nausea and loose stools.  I continued the Augmentin for three more days but finally had to stop taking it due to the fact that it was completely destroying my stomach. It was working wonders on my sinus infection but the side effects were too much to bear. Worst of all, I&#039;m still having cramps and loose stools even though I stopped taking the Augmentin two days ago. I hope the issues resolve themselves soon and won&#039;t require a trip to my gastroenerologist.  Augmentin may be fine for some people but it&#039;s definitely NOT for me!"
"I just started belvid today I took the pills at 9:30 Am after breakfast.   I started to cough and I feel nauseous exactly after 2 hours. But I&#039;m excited nothing that I can&#039;t tolerate.  I don&#039;t feel hungry at all at least it is too soon to know. Need to mention that I plan to take one pill a day and in the afternoon I will be taking 2 veggies capsules of Leptiburn."
"My 7 year old daughter has been on Concerta 18mg for a year.  She started to tolerate that medicine, but I did not want to increase the dosage.  My doctor recommend we add Kapvay to her current concerta dose.  This has made all the difference.  She is no longer bouncing off the walls, jumping on the couch, or leaving half way through a meal.  She is engaged, focused and less moody.  Her emotions are more regulated and we did not tell her teacher but she even commented on the change without us sharing the news.  We are so happy, and this medicine is worth the time it takes to condition to the sleepiness that happens in the initial 2 weeks.  Hope the changes stay."
"I have been taking baclofen for a couple of months now for severe muscle spasms. Not only does it help those muscle spasms, but I have borderline personality disorder, and this medication has given me a sense of well-being. I also have severe anxiety, I find when I take the baclofen, (80 mgs a day) I do not feel anxious, nor do I have anxiety attacks. I believe more research needs to be done on this drug about its effects on different types of mental illness."
"This medicine is okay. It does help the problem I have--inflammation of the eye....but I find that it works rather slow for that. I would like faster results. It takes several days to work, and while that may not sound like a long time, when you are used to wearing contacts everyday, having to do eye drops for a week and wearing glasses gets annoying after 3 days. Call me spoiled by contacts, I would just like relief a little faster. 
Good medicine-does work and does what it&#039;s supposed to, just takes time."
"I was on this for about 3 months. It wasn&#039;t bad, I had no spotting. The only reason I went off of it is because I am used to the pill. And on the pill you knew exactly when you would start your period. This one made me clueless since I don&#039;t keep track of it. BUT when I did have my period, I had no cramps or back pain, it was astonishing. It was light too. It was like I wasn&#039;t on my period at all. I did experience very mild cramps at the very end 1-2 out of 10 pain wise. If you don&#039;t like the idea of taking a pill &amp; are new to birth control my advice is try it. It&#039;s the closest experience you&#039;ll get of having a regular period (Keeping track of it)."
"On Chantix, I&#039;ve experienced constipation, gas, and nausea to the point of vomiting three or four times after taking a pill. Cravings were curbed, but I found that I (and everyone else I know who used it) cheated about once a week - buying a pack of cigarettes, smoking one, and throwing the rest in the garbage.

I had to come home from work this morning because I kept vomiting. I&#039;m giving up Chantix and I&#039;m going to try cold turkey instead. The side effects are simply not worth it to me."
"I have had Stage IV Breast Cancer for 5 and one half years.  Spread to my lung.  I have been on several chemo treatments as well as hormonal treatments.  Next week I start Cycle 17  of the Eribulin  which means I have had 32 injections.  My doctor reduced the dosage earlier on as I was getting neuropathy in both hands and feet.  Overall, I find the treatment tolerable with some days of the cycle worse than others.  I am considered stable right now and there is no end in sight for getting off this drug.  I definitely have neuropathy, my hair has thinned tremendously and have bone and back pain consistently.  Did not control the pleural effusion and have had two thoracentesis.  
I have shortness of breath and lots of coughing."
"Within 4 hours of taking my prescribed dosage, I had severe diarrhea and vomiting.  I was miserable for the next 24 sleepless hours.  "
"I have been taking Cymbalta for a little over a month and I feel great! I am doing things I haven&#039;t been able to do in years."
"*5 month update* I&#039;ve had Kyleena for about 5 months now. I posted a review before. Since then I still have A) never had a period, barely spotting. B) Acne has seemed to calm down (back acne was bad at first out of nowhere) I have noticed once or twice every couple months I will wake up and have pretty intense cramping, sweats nausea that comes and goes in waves. Feels like a painful awful hangover.. but I&#039;ll take it over any other BC side effects. Still really recommend Kyleena."
"I had tried everything.  Other drugs affected my sex life, made me gain weight, made me slow.  Viibryd has been a life saver.  The only thing that bothers me is that there won&#039;t be a generic for 3-5 years and without an HMO or Healthcare plan it is about $270 a month.  I am lucky to have been employed continuously the time I have been on it.  A tip - ask your doctor for sample packs and hoard them. A second tip - always google for coupons on any prescription.  Viibryd has some &quot;first year&quot; discounts"
"Absolutely terrible! Have had RLS for years now probably since I was 16.  It has gotten worse this past year so I asked my doctor to help. He put me on this medication at 1mg and told me to take half a pill for 2 weeks. First night I took it 20 minutes after meal. Not even 10 minutes later I was tired but getting extremely nauseated. Ended up on the bathroom floor vomiting, cold sweats, shaking, and in and out of consciousness intill I finally came to at 2 in the morning and was having heart palpitations with a puls at 120. Went straight to the ER and even their strongest nausea medication did not help. Both me and my fiance missed work for 2 days because he had to take care of me.  I felt like I was dieing."
"I have taken spironolactone for almost 3 years now and have been extremely pleased with it&#039;s effect on my hirsutism.  I used to bleach my facial hair regularly and had dark hair on my arms.  Now the fine hair on my face is blonde and hardly noticable and the arm hair is very light and thinner."
"I&#039;m 27 &amp; struggle with hormonal cystic acne. I have been on this medication for about 3 months now. Prior to Bactrim, I was taking minocycline. Minocycline worked great but I developed a resistance to it in July 2013. From July 2013 I tried doxycycline, then erythromycin. I struggled trying to find a solution with my Kaiser dermatologist until I went to another dermatologist in June 2014. June 2014, I tried Bactrim &amp; it started clearing up my skin 3 days after using it. I was prescribed to take 1 pill twice daily. I take 1 in the morning &amp; 1 at night. This medicine has saved me from depression, feeling dirty &amp; ugly. I hope I don&#039;t develop a resistance to it. My skin is completely clear."
"I have been on Effexor XR 150mg for 3 months, it has helped me face social interaction at work and calmed my negative thoughts, I am the happiest I can ever remember, totally changed my outlook on life, mild side effects of constipation and I noticed I have gained about 7 lbs but I also recently quit smoking so I don&#039;t know how much to attribute to the med."
"Started taking Prozac about 6 months ago.  I&#039;m taking care of my 82 year old mother who has Dementia and I found my stress and anxiety going through the roof, many sleepless nights too.  The positives are that I sleep much better, my anxiety is pretty much gone and I&#039;m much calmer and I&#039;m handling my mother so much better.  The negatives are: no motivation at all - photography is my passion but I have not picked up a camera since started this medicine. I find myself grinding my teeth all the time.  Loss of libido, the worst thing out of it though was that I lost weight, I weighed 98 pounds but lost 13 pounds within the first month and can&#039;t seem to get it back. I&#039;m now at 89 pounds and look terrible!.I&#039;m going back to doctor next week."
"This is the best.  Amazingly, it only cost $5.  Zofran costs $50.  My nausea subsided by the time I finished chewing up the second tablet of Nauzene.  This stuff is amazing.  The only thing is the flavor is awful when you are nauseated....it should have been made in a mint flavor instead."
"First time taking the medicine. Two pills 500mg. I took the pills while cooking and ate immediately after. I laid down for a nap and fell asleep. I woke up with a strong sensation to throw up. I had to fight it for awhile because I was afraid if I threw up the medicine wouldn&#039;t work. Severe stomach pain as well. No other symptoms from my experience."
"I have had chronic depression from 38 now 58, a long time! I&#039;ve attempted suicide on many occasions, low energy, low mood, just this terrible dread of living! I&#039;ve tried countless SSRI&#039;s over the years to no avail...my doctor recommended this drug, I was sceptical about its effectiveness but within one day I noticed a difference in my mood and energy. Yes really! I have experienced some feelings of nausea and constipation but these have subsided. Unable to work for three months and in and out of work for the last ten years, I&#039;ve now got two jobs! I have waited three months to see if the effectiveness would diminish...it hasn&#039;t and I&#039;m absolutely thrilled! Dreams are less frenetic and no migraine so far...an added benefit. Try it!"
"I haven&#039;t seen a xanax in the US from a US pharmacy with the name brand xanax scored on the pill in over 20 years. these had no taste. Real xanax have a very distinct taste. and it never melted in my mouth. xanax always melt in my mouth within a few minutes. I&#039;ve seen videos on youtube of people pressing them. My advice is. Get a prescription from a doctor and get them from the pharmacy because that wasn&#039;t the first time I saw these.. The streets are flooded with these  bars."
"Received Macrobid through IV and RX to go.  Took for six days.  Felt bad the whole time. Been off for five days now.  UTI is back.  Cipro has always worked best for me.  Will call doctors office tomorrow."
"I have compressed vertebrae in my lower back, so I get serious pain there on occasion (thankfully rare occasions). My Orthopedic doctor prescribed the 15mg dosage (30 pills). When I saw that this was an NSAID, I thought of Naproxin, Ibuprofen etc. (drug store stuff which doesn&#039;t even cure a headache for me). But this stuff is way different. After the first pill, I noticed a marked pain reduction which would never happen even if I took ten Naproxens or Ibuprofen tablets, and no side effects either. This is good stuff!"
"I take 10mg twice a day, with food. Pamphlet says to take either with or without food, but be consistent. Only frequent side effect is tiredness, but I was always tired anyway. Infrequently I will get dizzy and nauseated for about 40 minutes after taking depending on how much caffeine I have had or how long after a meal I wait to take it. 
I noticed results after the first few doses, though I was warned that it may take longer. My mood has noticeably improved as well as my ability to handle day-to-day tasks like talking on the phone. I still have situational based anxiety, but that is more manageable than general anxiety.
I have noticed that if I am a few hours late for a dose I get irritable for the next few doses."
"Using this for basal call carcinoma treatment. Used it for a couple of small areas initially with little problems. Have been using it on a larger spot now, and have developed quite significant flu like symptoms. Have tried to push through them, but they&#039;re getting worse to the point of needing to stop the cream. Extremely fatigued and achy, which is just not me. I work out an hour plus several days a week and am only able to struggle through maybe a half work out. It also caused a lot of redness and sores at the site of use, but I can manage that. The good news is it does seem to work on the basal cells."
"I&#039;ve had OAB for 10 years, no leakage, just urgency/frequency, varying between awful pressure or just niggly frequency. Tried everything over the years and finally had botox 2 weeks ago. Well, what a complete waste of time - it has not worked, the pressure is so intense, it feels worse than before! Saw the nurse today, peeing ok by myself (no catheter required) and no retention, no UTI. She said I have to allow 4 weeks for &quot;it all to calm down&quot; but I&#039;m not holding out much hope. She is arranging for me to see the urologist asap but that will still be another 4 weeks. Sick of my life revolving around my bladder."
"Red, raised skin, itchy and uncomfortable reaction at each site to adhesive that was lasting for a week - so not only site with a patch but also from the previous patch. Dry mouth, dizziness and nausea but yes reduced need to run for  the bathroom just the side effects starting causing as many problems as it was meant to be solving."
"Agree with everything written except that the taste was not as bad as some thought.  It is salty, then sweet, then tastes like cough syrup.  It worked within 10 minutes and I am just dreading my next dose.  Can we not come up with something better to drink/take for the cleanse?  I don&#039;t mind sitting in the bathroom all night or a sore butt.  I know this is important to do this test.  I know it is only 6 ozs.  I just hope I can keep it down."
"I was prescribed Otelza for psoriatic arthritis in my knees and psoriasis on my knees and shins.  After 6 months of regular usage, my knee pain has resolved but my psoriasis remains entirely unaffected, (I had way better visible skin results using Triamcinolone cream once a day at bedtime).  But what I wanted to share is why I came off Otezla this month:  I lost 23 pounds these last 3 months, developed a bowel problem where I had to rush to #2 after most meals, lost some appetite in general, and worst of all, I developed terrible anxiety and fears that I never experienced before.  I also lost my sense of joy overall, even though I did not quite reach the lows of depression. I am on day #2 of no Otezla. I am starting to feel better already."
"Am in Ghana and I started taking this drug yesterday.  I have not had an &quot;oily poop&quot; incidence...in fact no poop at all. But all I have been doing is: passing out extraordinary gasses"
"Went on the pill to clear my skin. I&#039;m in the middle of my 2nd pack.  I&#039;ve been on other acne-focused pills which are supposed to get worse before better so I&#039;m used to waiting it out. But, this pill is not worth it. I&#039;m breaking out in places I never have before and wake up every morning with new white heads and black heads. The entire first month I was slightly nauseous all day and extremely tired, sore throat, and head ache. I also got very hungry at night, just figured I&#039;d push through and all the symptoms went away after a month except the acne. It just got worse and I noticed when I was on the placebo pills, my face cleared a little. Now I need to visit a derm and most likely spend lots of money getting chemical peels and nice masks."
"I&#039;ve been on Myrbetriq for at least two months with no noticeable improvement in my O.A.B.
Increased dosage to 50 mg still no improvement . It doesn&#039;t work for me !"
"Ive been taking this for two years now and I love it! I work crazy shifts at work that dont allow me to wake up and go to sleep at the same time EVER, so when I end up taking it 2 hours late I dont have to worry about it not being as effective. Also, apparently if you completely miss a dose its okay too, I have yet to try this out but It seems awesome in theory. The only real side effect it has caused me is completely losing my sexdrive. I only have one the two days of the Iron pills. But as I get older I find thats not really all that important to me anymore anyways! I do take sleep aids everynight to combat the sleep loss however I am not sure if its the medicine that causes this or just other mental disorders I have."
"After a spinal cord injury, Baclofen seemed to be the best option, but diagnosed with Brown-Sequard syndrome somehow made the Baclofen non-effective for me. Finally Soma was introduced, and it was a miracle.  Now insurance stopped covering it and they want to try Zanaflex or back to Baclofen. I&#039;m scared."
"I hate this damn shot. Got my first one in the beginning of March. Had a 7 day period which I normally only last between 3 and 5 days and then dark brown/pinkish spotting for 7 days after. I went 3 weeks with no period and on 4/17 I started spotting again and haven&#039;t stopped yet and it 5/9. I&#039;m not getting my next injection which is scheduled for next month at all. I&#039;m letting this medication leave my system and I don&#039;t recommend it to anyone. For all of this I&#039;d rather go off and deal with my regular periods and my man and I will be careful. Depo is not a good birth control for anyone."
"I have had migraines for 30 years.  In the last year and a half they went from 15 day/month to practically every day.  Triptans do not work as an abortive for me.  Propananol is the only preventative thus far that has worked - but it stopped working after 4 weeks.  My neurologist prescribed DHE in the injectible form.  I do not like the little glass vials the DHE comes in, breaking them open, and using the syringe.  That said, almost every time I use it, it breaks the migraine.  Unfortunately, it does not always last more than 4-6 hours.  I can get this at my local CVS (though they don&#039;t carry it in stock).  I don&#039;t notice any side-effects but I generally take a nap afterward to let it do it&#039;s thing."
"I&#039;ve had severe insomnia for years and have tried everything from diphenhydramine (Benadryl), Ambien, temazapam, and trazodone.

Honestly most of the above work except I have to rotate every few weeks between them.

BELIEVE IT OR NOT, the one sleep aid that works the best for me is a strong dose of Benadryl.  I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep and Benadryl is the one tried and true medicine that works all night. Because of other meds I&#039;m now on, I can&#039;t take it any longer and have to take a prescription sleep aid."
"Mom has been on this since 2003 and is stable, I am very happy."
"I selected this birth control specifically for the convenience and I was under the impression that there was really no risk of weight gain. I have consistently been putting on weight since I got the implant. I equated the weight gain to the &quot;freshman 15&quot;, but I have been eating 1700 calories a day and working out 7 days a week and the weight keeps piling on. My periods completely stopped after about 3 months, but I did not have issues with my period to start with. My mental health has not been great either, but I assumed that was also from starting my first year of college. All of my friends have this and have no complaints, but it did not work out for me at all. Getting it removed as soon as possible."
"When I first started taking this I was hoping this would work good for me as I&#039;ve read a lot of reviews and heard mostly good things. The 1st 3 wks were good. I was starting too feel that it was starting too work but after that..things get horrible. I had anxiety and panic attacks all day. So bad that I wouldn&#039;t leave my house. It took me a few days to realize that it was Viibryd. These panic attacks were bad. Woke up with them, went to bed having them. I didn&#039;t want to stop taking so next day took half..20mg..and they stopped. My Doctor wants me to just stay on the 20mg but I didn&#039;t think its doing anything. I&#039;m on my 4th to 5th week. Things almost seem to go back to when I started."
"I really like Unisom SleepGels. I work at night, so sometimes I have difficulty sleeping mornings. They help me get the sleep I need, with no grogginess. And I only take them when I&#039;m too hyped up to go to sleep, but I need to sleep. "
"I was on Gianvi from the age of 16-22 &amp; I loved it. I had great skin (w/ the occ. brkout), short periods, &amp; little cramping. I heard that Mirena IUD made it so you had no periods &amp; I thought not having to take a pill every day would be great too. So I switched to the IUD &amp; everything was going well until about 6 months in I started getting HORRIBLE acne, like I had never had before. Long story short I got it out &amp; I just recently switched over from IUD back to Gianvi (after a few month break in between my acne got a lot better). Since getting back on Gianvi I have been having the horrible acne coming back. I see my esthetician weekly &amp; have since my IUD acne. Going to try to stick it out for 3-4 mo. &amp; hoping to have the ance goes away soon."
"I have suffered from insomnia for the majority of my adult life.  It seems like my mind does not want to slow down.  I now take 30 mg of Remeron at bedtime, and I must say that it is an amazing medication.  I do tend to be a bit groggy when I first get up, but like the post earlier, it is nothing compared to the &quot;walking dead&quot; feeling that insomnia gave me.  I highly recommend it."
"Do not let the bad experiences of others scare you off this medicine.  I read the bad side effects and have not had any of them except the heat related one.  It has been a good medicine for me."
"My son was diagnosis with ADD two years ago. He was also struggling with Anxiety. Was seeing a therapist.  He is now 17  A year ago he was put on Vyvanse 30mg and 50mg of Zoloft.  My son did say that by the last couple of class it wears off.  3 months ago we down his Zoloft to 25mg.  His therapist discharged him saying he didn&#039;t need to come any more.  Now the 30mg  doesn&#039;t seem to be working.  We went back to his doctor who is new since his doctor left the firm. She is putting him on 40mg of Vyvanse. His other doctor didn&#039;t want to go up.  I wanted to up the Zoloft back to 50mg. Doctor says no take the higher dose of Vyvanse.  I have not started it yet. Have to wait because I just got the lower dose and the discount card won&#039;t pay twice."
"My son has has great results with this patch. He is 7, and on the 10 mg. He definitely has loss of appetite during the day, and it&#039;s hard to get him to sleep at a reasonable time, but he has had a complete turnaround at school. Since I know all ADHD meds have the same side effects I stated, my only real complaint is how it irritates his skin. He has taken it off several times due to itchiness (which does seem to go away after a couple hours). As for getting the backing off, I &quot;warm it&quot; between my palms for a minute or two, and peel from the pointed part of the backing. Works perfectly."
"I&#039;ve had it in for about 6 weeks now. My first week with it in was perfect, I had no side effects. However after that I started bleeding and now its been going on for exactly 1 month with no signs of stopping. I really want to like it and I don&#039;t want to get it removed. I&#039;m hoping it will stop bleeding on its own or I&#039;m going to get it out"
"I had BV, which I already had a feeling due to a strong &#039;fishy&#039; odor, esp after intimacy. I had to take two pills for seven days. If this is your first time taking this pill, push it as far back to your throat or swallow it as fast as you can without letting it dissolve on your tongue, this pill has a very strong nasty metallic taste! Drink lots of water or w.e works. Within the second day of the course, I had no smell at all which was a huge relief! Avoid alcohol.I finished my course and I am happy to say the only main side effect was dizzyness and feeling tired. Metronidazle does not treat a yeast infection, but it can lead to one so be prepared and consider taking Diflucan as soon after to prevent or cure a yeast infection."
"This birth control took some time for my body to adjust. I asked to be switched to a lower estrogen birth control because my previous birth control that I was on for over two years was making me feel more and more crazy the longer I was on it. It took a solid three months for my periods to regulate, but since then they&#039;re really light (almost don&#039;t even need to wear a tampon) and little to no cramps. My mood has significantly improved. The only downside is I gained 13 pounds the first three months of taking this birth control."
"Had it placed May 2015, minimal pain - a pinch and a menstrual-type cramp, and it was done! I had it removed July 2016. During those 14 months, I had no period whatsoever. No cramps, no PMS, no spotting. Never a discomfort at all! So why did I take it out? Within 3 weeks of insertion, I gained 12 pounds. My GYN said it had nothing to do with the mirena, I &quot;just wasn&#039;t being honest&quot; with myself about my food intake. The weight gain continued about 5 months and topped out at 35 pounds. I was exercising and monitoring my calories this whole time. My PCP put me on meds to lose weight, to no avail. It finally dawned on me that it must be the mirena, despite what my GYN says!! Had it not been for the weight gain, I would have kept mirena forever."
"I was diagnosed with ADHD when i was about 5 and my experience over all has been amazing ive been on it for 12 years now i take 40mg once in the morning and in the afternoon and by like 6pm it wears off(btw im 6 feet tall and weigh 225 lb thanks to this medication).  The only bad parts or symptoms im having are that Caffeine has no effect on me anymore( probably built up a tolerance thanks to the focalin) , I dont always sleep to well, and ever since i tuned like 14 my appetite went from non-existent to out of control (dont know why...) im 17 now and am an A- Student where as i was an F student before, I definitely recommend this but i should warn you all its not for everyone there are alternatives."
"Started saxsenda  five weeks ago. Started at 294 and now I am 265. Some days I have hunger more than others. Not many side effects. A little nausea. Seems to work great ,keeping my fingers crossed"
"It really works effectively taken twice daily. I have tried everything that&#039;s available in market so far the best. With insurance and discount card I pay only $14.00 so its cheap."
"I have been suffering from asthma since the age of 7 and I was recently prescribed montelukast sodium after a bad chest infection which had me hospitalised. I have taken it previously about two years back as well. However since I began taking it this time I noticed I can&#039;t fall asleep, I&#039;m badly constipated and extremely lethargic, depressed, irritable and get angered really quick. No medicine is worth feeling this way and I&#039;m stopping this immediately. If a simple drug manifests such tangible changes in your body, imagine what it does to your body silently."
"Ok started Suboxone 2days ago no cravings at all for others I was taking 5-6 Norcos a day for 8 yrs . One day got up said I&#039;m tired of depending on a pill to get me through the day . So started Suboxone. I&#039;m happy as far as the craving goes but for some reason I&#039;m having a hard time staying awake if I sit down I fall asleep my mind feel very scattered and I had a bad headache today . I hope this is just getting used to the meds . I am only on 2 mg so I don&#039;t think it&#039;s too much . Any comments would be appreciated . Thanks"
"When I was 13 I had horrible acne and a little over weight. After I took Yasmin for a complete month my acne was just about completely gone and after a couple more months I even lost a few pounds!! I did experience anxiety, but from reading some reviews about Yasmin if you take a multivitamin your symptoms will go away including your sex drive problem caused by the pill. I haven&#039;t taken Yasmin for about a few weeks so that I could give my body a rest but I want my Yasmin back!"
"I used Nuvaring for 4 months. Loved that I didn&#039;t have to think about the pill, but I started to get very bad cystic acne on my face, then head and bikini line. If you start to get severe acne by the third month on the ring, visit your doctor to switch birth control methods. "
"Was only one this 3 weeks.  Didn&#039;t help much and made me nasty.  I would go from normal to telling people off.  Even family.  For no reason at all."
"I&#039;ve been on seasonale just over a month now and I can say it really has had little to no side effects for me which has been really great!! I had break through Bleeding the day after I had missed a pill which was my own fault but it stopped as soon as I took one that day. If I noticed any crazy side effects surface I would definitely stop it asap but as of right now it seems to be working very well for me. :)"
"I got the mirena coil inserted against my better judgment.   Had it for 2 years now for heavy frequent periods.  Although it mostly became lighter I still get  a period every 10 days which lasted 9 days.  Nightmare!  Every few months I get a very heavy bleed which lasts for 2 weeks with clotting.  Have asked my doctor to take it out but I kept getting told that it would settle down.  Last straw was when I started bleeding 3 weeks ago non stop.  Some days so heavy I can&#039;t leave the house.  I went to doctor and demanded it be taken out.  She tried and couldn&#039;t get it out.  She has referred me to a gynacologist which may take a while to get an appointment.  Meanwhile I keep bleeding heavily.  Would never recommend this product."
"I have had RLS since I was 14. I am now 42.  RLS is a miserable existence. An annoyance beyond belief. I have gone with no sleep for 3 days at a time more than once because of my legs, or legs and arms, or even knees and a shoulder joining in to laugh at me. I have been on Mirapex most of my adult life at 1 mg being told I could take 2 on bad nights and it worked most nights, but most of my adult life I have taken Mirapex 1 mg, gabapentin 300 mg, trazadone 50 mg, and 1Tylenol #3 Every night.....just to go to sleep. And it took all of that just to go to sleep. A doctor might look at you like your nuts if you ask for all that but I&#039;m telling you it will work. I moved and my new Dr decided to take my Mirapex away and try me on requip.. Fail.."
"(Sertraline) is the most worst depression treatment for my son. The first time when my son had started to take these pills he was feeling normal but one day he started to have unusual pains which he couldn&#039;t describe in the chest which was everyday. Because of the pain he was going to A&amp;E for a check up twice in a week and shockingly nothing had came up. But that pain took my precious  sons life forever and I wish from that day on that he had never started these particular pills. So I want to warn you that you still have time so please don&#039;t make yourself regret the day u started to take these like my son edward."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for 17 years and it is been magic for me. I immediately started feeling better and within 6 weeks went back to work."
"Please don&#039;t let your doctor talk you in to trying this kind of birth control. I read up and reviews and figured I&#039;d be fine - healthy 25 yr old who had only ever used birth control pills. Nexplanon worked like magic for the first 6 months and then all hell broke loose. I have been the same weight for 7 years and did not change my diet at all when taking Nexplanon, but it caused me to gain 10 pounds. I&#039;m breaking out worse than I did as a teenager because the Nexplanon is suppressing my body&#039;s ability to produce estrogen. Because of the lack of estrogen I&#039;ve also started getting little hairs on my chin. I&#039;ve also been on my period for TWO months and have started lactating. And no, I&#039;m not pregnant.This birth control is an absolute NIGHTMARE"
"I have been on metformin for 6 months at 500mg and I&#039;ve only lost 7 pounds. First off, I&#039;m 5&#039;9 and 152 pounds. I started at 159 pounds. My goal is to get to 140lb and get pregnant considering that&#039;s what my doctor suggested. I have tried everything to loose weight, I literally ate lettuce and excercised like crazy prior to trying metformin, nothing worked. I even looked at liposuction. I didn&#039;t have any diarrhea, sometimes when I ate too much I felt nauseous on the medication. However, the medicine helps curb your appetite. I barely ate anything. Maybe I had eggs in the morning, no bread. Lunch soup with salad and at night nuts and yogurt. I can&#039;t believe I only lost 7 pounds. I&#039;m still NOT pregnant, yet I do I have regular periods."
"I have RSD and Fentanyl is one of the drugs that helps the most. I have ulcers and cannot take a lot of oral medications."
"Took the treatment this morning 4 pills at 10:30 play sports straight after till 1pm felt absolutely fine then came home and at 5:30 starting feeling really ill and ten minutes after started vomiting and had diarrhoea it&#039;s 6:30 and still hasn&#039;t stopped, will I need to go back and take it all again?"
"Been taking Victoza since June.The beginning was kind a tired some, body aches, and major constipation and nausea. After a while all but the constipation went away. Started at 0.6 gradually increased to 1.2 then after a month was told to increase gradually to 1.8 which was so not good because once I increased I notice a change that cause me to crave. So I Reduced my dosage back to 1.2 and I Feel Amazing little to no appetite at all. Weight loss has been a Success down 22lbs  within 3 months and still have 28 more to go, so overall the Pen is amazing. I Will go in in 2 weeks to get my Pancreas Check just to make sure no damage or anything has been taken place within these last 3 months."
"I have only been using Spiriva for two months and find it more convenient than other medicines but wonder why every time I purchase new prescription it includes a new hand held device, adding to the expense."
"It cleared up my UTI but made me feel extremely nauseated and gave me really bad headaches. I got prescribed it last year though without any side effects so I&#039;m not really sure what that&#039;s about."
"Given Symbicort inhaler after Urgent care sent me to hospital for severe asthma. Symbicort took forever (2 1/2 weeks) to help, and then, only slightly. 
Back started aching 3rd day I was on it. Just figured, at first, it was from trying to sleep in hospital bed. Head ached, too, though. Joints started aching soon after. Two weeks later, Symbicort seemed to help enough to maybe use the ProAir, or nebulizer, a couple times less during the day. But, still needing it, at times.
Back/joints/ headache continued after all other meds from hospital discharge finished. Plus, short of breath a lot, with achiness in upper chest a week or so ago. Stopped Symbicort Sunday night. Now Wednesday, and already feeling better."
"On a scale of one-ten I rate Senokot as a ten. I have chronic constipation since birth due to being born with a pituitary tumor and developed hypothyroidism. Nothing worked and the chronic constipation came full force the day after I graduated from college. I was in so much pain to the point where I could not eat, look for a job, or play waterpolo or my normal swimming.  In 1985, a gastroentrologist put me on Senokot and it worked miracles.  No bloating, was able to work out again and enjoy life.  I HAD TO TAKE FOUR A DAY ONLY BECAUSE MY STOMACH WAS SO FAR GONE; BUT NO BLOATING NO IRRITATION OR HEARTBURN."
"I have been on Saphris for over 3 years varying between 5 and 10 MG per day, it really does help with obsessive thoughts, compulsive behaviors, and has a slight anti-depressant effect as well.  I take it with 80 MG prozac as an adjunct to treat depression and anxiety.  It&#039;s a shame this medicine is so expensive and not more popular as it is very powerful and works well.  This medicine does make you drowsy, but the effects pass after a month, you should take it at night starting out, (I still am)."
"Have been in a few wrecks and worked hard labour all my adult life.  I woke up one day and my back was so sore I couldn&#039;t tie my boots up. Since then I found out I have spinal stenosis. My legs burn all day I get sharp shooting pains sometimes I&#039;ll move the wrong way and my backs so bad I can&#039;t do nothing for 6 weeks just lay n heal.  Gabapentin worked very well for me stopped the sharp pain most of the time anyway..the burning was still there especially when I walked.  I tried a few opiates the only one that worked very well I can actually run and work hard again on them was dilaudid 8 mg."
"This is worth it. Yes, there are a few side effects but it has made my life better. I take the generic and it gets a lot of bad reviews but I don&#039;t know the difference. It&#039;s working for me. I feel like getting out of bed and am more of a joy to be around and 15 lbs thinner."
"Was prescribed this form of birth control for the horrendous period cramps I&#039;ve struggled with since first starting my periods back when I was 11, always has been a major issue, no solutions were able to be found regardless of all the &#039;natural&#039; means I had tried. Very effective in eliminating cramps and lessening the flow, am not left only to lay in bed in agony, often forget that I&#039;m having my period now. No real side effects besides muscle cramps at times and very sore breasts off &amp; on, along with mood swings, but it has been very worth it, wish I had gotten on these pills sooner, quality of life is much better. Highly recommend trying them, it has been life changing."
"I was treated with this after contracting malaria three times in East Africa. It&#039;s a fantastic drug, low or no side effects and works quickly."
"After taking Evista 60 mg. for 5 years for treatment of osteopenia, my recent bone
density test, the -04.2 which is osteoporosis.  Even though my insurance would not cover it, esp. now that I am on Blue Cross Blue Shield/Anthem prescription plan,. Evista is on the 5th tier so they do not cover it.    I took it in good faith, believing it would strengthen my bones, now osteoporosis.  I am 69 years old and was shocked after my Dr. told me.  Now, they want me to see an rheumotologist to discuss taking Prolia.  (I know nothing about this medication.)  How can I trust this will be a good prescription when Evista made the bone loss worse."
"oh no; this site&#039;s not working right, as I was on Levetiracetam not keppra; I wish it would take away the &#039;report the note&#039; thing I did to someone when I just wanted my &#039;yes&#039; off; darn."
"I&#039;m 51 yrs old. I&#039;m active and a regular at the gym (5&#039;9 210 lbs). Healthy non-smoker and social drinker only. I&#039;ve been single and have not dated in years after a bad divorce. I meet someone a few months back and, surprise! A shocker, ED reared its ugly head. My MD prescribed 5mg daily and  goodness gracious! I hear people are having (some) bad side effects, but our only issue is soreness ;)  I&#039;m loving my life now and we have only one thing to say: Fireworks all around, Thanks Lilly!!!"
"I have been dealing with chronic pain for over 5 years, in which I&#039;ve had to take opioids on and off. After 3 failed surgeries in attempt to relieve my pain, I decided to see a pain management Dr. who has put me on a daily regimen of opiates. I&#039;ve tried Amitiza, Linzess, and of course fiber, Miralax, laxatives and enemas. None of these have worked like Movantik. It&#039;s been truly a miracle drug. I take it first thing in the morning with my other meds and coffee, but I don&#039;t eat until an hour later as the directions say, and it works every time. I&#039;ve never had diarrhea, horrible stomach cramps, nausea, etc. It just makes me have a large, normal and complete BM in the morning and that&#039;s it. It&#039;s been a life saver for me."
"I have just started taking this medication. I am on my 3rd pill right now. I get every one of the side effects with no real relief from the pain. It does help me sleep at night through the pain instead of waking up every 10 minutes I wake up every 1 or 2 hours."
"I rate Singulair with a ten because it has done everything I could have hoped for. I am 15 now and started taking it when I was 10 or 11. I am able to live my daily life without worrying about asthma, and I use albuterol 15 minutes before exercise through an inhaler, but without Singulair, I&#039;m sure it would be much worse. I have had absolutely no side effects whatsoever, and I am severely allergic to peanuts, nuts, shellfish, and have had allergic reactions to other medicines in the past. This is wonderful!"
"I have been taking this medicine for three months and have no problems really."
"This drug turned my career around. When asked to present, I would experience terrible voice tremors and shaking. I tried reading books on public speaking, attending classes, and meditating, which all helped, but even if I was doing my best to keep it together during a presentation, I&#039;d always be on the edge, feeling like I could lose control at any second. Heart pounding, sweating, as if I was in terrible danger. I talked to my doctor, mentioned my problem and got a prescription. This is a miracle drug. I take 30mg-40mg&#039;s 1 hour before a presentation and I feel like I&#039;m in total control! You still feel a bit nervous in your head, but it curbs all the physical symptoms. Its given me a huge confidence boost."
"I had a bad sinus infection and it worked great..."
"I&#039;ve had my Implanon for about a year now and I love it. I&#039;ve had one period that lasted about a week, with very light bleeding. I do however get everything that comes with a period, the cramps, mood swings, all the emotions, everything but the bleeding at least once a month, as if I were on my period. Other than that I have gained weight but like most people that&#039;s not just because of the birth control."
"Hello!  At this time I have no side effects"
"Piece of cake.  I stopped eating meat, poultry, and fish 2 days prior.  Ate low fiber foods day before prep, and only liquids day of.

Placed Suprep and water in freezer one hour before drinking.  Mixed it as per instructions, and drank it all through a straw in 10 minutes flat.  In between drinks, I&#039;d swish some Powerade around to kill the after taste.  Drank my 32 ounces of water in another 15 minutes, and waited.

Didn&#039;t have to wait long!  45 minutes after the first gulp, it had arrived at the other end.  Off and on the toilet and it was over 90 minutes later.

The 3am feeding produced the same results, but this time it only took 15 minutes to arrive.  1 hour later, it too had finished.

No chills, nausea, or headache.  Taste not that bad."
"I&#039;ve suffered from nerve damage for 10 years. I&#039;ve taken most all the medications prescribed for pain. I&#039;ve always needed to up my dose after short periods of time. I finally got tired of it not being able to function because the amount need to take the pain away would make me loopy or high. So I was put on methadone. Took that for 6 years still needing to up my dose 1-2 times a year. At end I was taking 12 pills a day. Found a doctor who suggested Subutex. I now have been on Subutex for 1 1/2 years not needing to raise my dose. I&#039;m taking 20 mg or 2 1/2 pills a day compared to 12 pills a day. Insurance fights me every 6 months saying it&#039;s only for addicts. I submit extra paperwork from my doctor. It&#039;s quite expensive too but worth it."
"Haven&#039;t got period since device was put in (October 2015). I was told that 30% of woman will not get their peroid again....maybe I fall into the 30 percent??"
"I took it for three 1/2 weeks it gives some pain relief. 200 MG per day. I prefer the hydrocodon. It made me very tired after 6 8 hours, and effected my vision some when reading close. Probably good for some if you don&#039;t travel much and can just stay home."
"Well I&#039;m a bit confused. I started using this 2 weeks ago and the other day I commented to my husband that my skin had really cleared up and I was feeling much better. Yesterday I came up all red and blotchy and itchy and today it looks even worse. Not sure if I&#039;ve used too much or should have washed it off about an hour later or what but I look absolutely hideous - now plastering my face in E45 and hoping it goes down soon"
"Diltiazem was started due to difficulty tolerating flushing of neck, chest and groin with Amylodipine. It has been effective at controlling palpitations but this improvement was not noted immediately after starting medication. It seemed to take over a week after switching from Amylodipine to Diltiazem before relief from palpitations were noted. 
Please note! If you take thyroid hormone replacement, be aware to avoid taking Diltiazem at same time as thyroid medicine.  My thyroid labs (TSH) have been steadily increasing over last 6 months (revealing that my dose of Synthroid has not been adequate) until it was discovered this week that this unwanted change in thyroid labs has been caused by taking Diltiazem daily at same time as Synthroid."
"My neurologist let me choose my MS drug, and I chose Copaxone.  I haven&#039;t missed an injection for almost five years and I&#039;m doing great.  "
"Only on my second day of Champix so far and the results are incredible! I can count on one hand the cigarettes I&#039;ve had today as opposed to a pack a day. Smoking already makes me feel nauseous! I may have only been smoking for 3 years but having a scare with minor stroke at 21years of age I can&#039;t thank this medication enough. I truly feel when I quit this time that it&#039;s going to be for good!"
"I found this medication to be in a completely different class to other other the counter medicines. It knocked the cough out, and for the whole night. I slept like a baby without difficulty in waking up. Follow directions exactly even though teaspoon seems like a tiny amount, it is strong medication. You will not be disappointed with it."
"So unlike some other women here who had burning, I didn&#039;t. I will say I didn&#039;t like that it was more ointment like than cream, but being pregnant I needed immediate relief and went with the one day treatment. It did melt almost immediately, and has helped relieve the itching both internally and externally within the hour. I inserted it at 10:30, it&#039;s now almost 12. 

Worth it to me, may end up using this treatment compared to the cream."
"Started taking st johns wort 2 weeks ago, i struggle to deal with life changes very well and have very bad anxiety and panic attacks that make leaving the house, being in a car and going to shops very diffucult and sometimes impossible. This then leads to a bout of depressive feelings. I have always said I will never get stuck on anti depressents but have found st johns wort to be great for lifting my mood. Anxiety is still bad at the minute but I put that down to recently seperating from my partner so hope that will ease on its own with time. The only thing I found was that after missing my tablets for two days I collapsed at home whilst on my own with my little boy which was frightening. I had no dizziness but recall feeling very sick."
"within the first week i started getting moderate then severe headaches, that nothing helped (tylenol, advil, aleve, aspirin, natural remedies etc) nothing touched them, and my adhd symptoms persisted  so they made my dose higher and the bigger the dose, the bigger the headache, until i couldn&#039;t stand it, and i just stopped taking it after 2 months of severe headaches, and they were so bad i couldnt tell if it worked for attention since i was too distracted by my headaches!  so i was getting distracted either way!  then finally after coming off for a month and being put on intuniv later, no more headaches! and i can actually focus

although i don&#039;t speak for everyone,  there should really be a warning of severe headaches on the label!!"
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for over a month now, insertion didn&#039;t hurt at all just a little uncomfortable for the first 3 days after that you forget it&#039;s there. I didn&#039;t bruise at all after insertion. I&#039;m not having any side effects so far. The only down side I have experienced is light bleeding/spotting when my period came. I&#039;ve been bleeding for about 3 weeks now..this is normal but hoping it stops soon."
"Weight gain, mood swings, stomach pain, none existent libido, migraines -all this can be yours with a shot of depo"
"5 days no sleep due to horrible cough. I was very excited to try this. It seems to have made my cough worse or at least didn&#039;t help at all. Got extremely drowsy, so fought a hacking  cough while fighting to stay awake. Miserable night!"
"LOVE it.  I wish I would have tried to get it 10 years ago"
"I have been taking Nucynta for about six months. I am 5&#039;4, 220lb, 42 year old female. This medicine worked very good 6 months ago, still works, but not long enough, and break through pain is stronger and returns faster. Side effects for me are dizziness=mild, thirst=severe,voice change=severe, sleepiness=mild, agitation=increased enough to have to say I&#039;m sorry. Also a strange eye problem kind of feels like my eyes are yawning, but I am not yawning. "
"I went to the doctor because I was having chills, high fever, and muscle pain. They tested me and said I got the Flu. They prescribed me Tamiflu but before I left the doctors, they gave me 600mg  of motrin which immediately resolved my fever and muscle pain. Later when I got home I took Tamiflu and the next 2 days I had extreme abdominal cramps. On a scale of 1-10 the pain was a 10, and this was continuous the entire day. I would constantly wake up in the middle of the night due to my abdominal cramps, diarrhea, and vomiting.  I have never felt a worst pain in my life until I took tamiflu. I was way better off without it, the medication was expensive as well."
"When taken with Valium, you have the perfect combination for relief from Ankylosing Spondylitis. Indocin reduces the swelling and the Valium decreases the spasms and cramping."
"This is a great birth control, overall. I had one period about a week after insertion and after that, no more periods. I didn&#039;t really make me moody or anything. The only downside was that I was gaining weight. About a pound a month and very difficult to lose. After OVER a YEAR on it (and 15lbs later), I began spotting for 3 weeks straight. It didn&#039;t stop until I got it removed (I got it removed for the weight issue, not the spotting). It would be perfect if it didn&#039;t make me gain weight. I already lost a few lbs after getting it removed earlier this week."
"I am 66 and have been taking 1 mg of Minipress/prazosin per day for BPH for at least 25 years.  It works well with minimal side effects.  I still get up about 1x per night to urinate but the stream is reasonably strong and I can fully empty my bladder.  Missing a dose for 2 or 3 days results in noticeable degradation of initiation, stream flow and complete emptying of bladder.  Some years ago I tried Cardura which had more impact on the BPH symptoms, but had unacceptable side effects on potency and desire.  Minipress is available as a generic and for me is a superior solution."
"I have been taking 12.5 mg a night for a couple years and this has helped me live a near normal life. It took a couple weeks for me to really feel the difference. I continue to have flare ups now and again, along with symptoms similar to prostatitis, but I can take a very low dose of Valium (2.5 mg) and the 12.5mg of Amitriptiline for 1 night and am back to normal the next day.  I have found that regular exercise is also very helpful. I am 56 and just completed a 1/2 marathon, that would have been impossible before I started the Amitriptiline.  Still have to watch what I eat to some degree, but nothing like before.   "
"I was on 40mg for months and I noticed absolutely nothing."
"Went right out and woke right up. Very restful and do not remember a thing. Had it for a colonoscopy. No after effects."
"This helped me a lot. I have been having severe back and feet pains. Broke both my feet 2 years ago and it helps so much."
"I have severe scar tissue and adhesions from mutiple surgeries and the pain was intense it is in my pelvic area. I fill like I&#039;m having a bad cycle every day and walking intensifies the pain this is a every day feeling. My doctor tried me on Ultram and it has been a God send. I take it three times a day. Without it it would be hard to walk so I give it a 10 thank you."
"I&#039;ve been on Chateal for about 2 months now. I have read about the negative side effects of this birth control, but different bodies have different reactions, and so far it has worked really well for me. I have high levels of androgens which gave me really irregular periods so I need to use birth control with more estrogen. I&#039;ve used a different brand before and suffered severe mood swings and night sweats which scared me from using pills for a long time. Ever since I gave Chateal a try, I&#039;ve noticed that my old reactions to birth control is no longer there. I haven&#039;t agained weight or gotten mood swings. The only negative effect I get is the occasional headache. It works at preventing pregnancy and period regulation for me."
"So I&#039;m still currently on NR. And I&#039;m not sure how I feel about it, I&#039;m finding that I&#039;m alot more dry, harder to get turned on and really not wanting to have sex in general. I also feel like I&#039;m having crazy mood swings angry ones. Since starting this form of birth control my relationship has ended because I&#039;m to angry (he says which I kind of agree with) I feel depressed constantly I can&#039;t stop crying ever. And I&#039;m normally a very happy go luck kinda gal. Not sure what to do at this point if I should take it out or see how it goes..."
"The injection feels like a rubber band snapped on your skin. I recommend the abdomen over the thigh, much more comfortable. I only bleed slightly, and the site only bruised once. The triptan effect is fast and intense, you feel that rush of the migraine about to go away. It makes me sleepy, as sumatriptan always has, and I nap for less than 1/2 hour, then I am PAIN FREE. The nice thing is the triptan effect goes away as rapidly as it comes on, which is far better than the lingering &quot;yuck&quot; feeling with oral triptans.  Not just pain reduction, not a lessening of the migraine - it is gone. It has reduced my sick and late days due to migraine from 9 days in 2012 to ZERO so far in 2013. Will never go without it again."
"After hearing about the horror stories, I was hesitant to try Accutane. I tried Minocycline (Solodyn), Doryx (Doxycycline), and Bactrim DS. The only thing that was pretty good at clearing was Bactrim DS. Bactrim worked best, but was not working anymore. I had no choice but to go with Accutane. It was a little drying with the eyes initially and my lips still get dry. What people fail to mention is that your body adjusts to the side effects and that you won&#039;t have an initial breakout if you start low. I started at 40mg. Going to 60mg this month (my second month). Don&#039;t forget, Accutane takes between 2-4 months to see clearing. Good luck! :)"
"I have been taking zyprexa 5 grams...a day..and I don&#039;t get any affects from pill? It keeps me mellow but not tired like everyone says? Kinda helps with mood swings..but not really! At least not for me?"
"I got my Skyla IUD today. I have literally never written an online review but wanted to contribute here. Ladies, like many of you, I was nervous. I never considered an IUD until my doctor suggested. Insertion was quick and not bad. The first part felt like getting a pap with a bit more pain. My cervix is tilted forward so it took a few minutes to get the right angle- that was the worst part because I was scared something was wrong. The actual insertion was painful but quick! My doc is experienced. I tried to use my mindfulness skills to keep breathing. I also focused a lot on relaxing my body to &quot;welcome&quot; my new friend, Skyla :) Afterwards I walked home. A few hours later I have a little spotting and feel tender/crampy. Will update soon."
"Taking 25mg every 12 hours. Makes me feel like I have a hang over the next day. As far as it helping my anxiety, well, it knocks me out. So I guess I can&#039;t be anxious if I&#039;m asleep on the couch. Will be trying something else."
"I&#039;ve had outbreaks with cold sores for about 10 years now on average 1-2x year, the last few years primarily due to stress and weather changes. The main key to the success of Valtrex - as with any OTC, prescription or home remedy for cold sores/fever blisters - is timing. Take it at the first tingle. I keep Valtrex refilled and keep it handy, regardless of whether I need it. I felt a tingle and a bump the other day, took it and it has helped tremendously. It&#039;s been 48 hours now and it has progressed past a slight red bump with no pain or bleeding. I haven&#039;t had a major outbreak in over 2 years. If you are able, keep it handy. As someone who has had some dreadful experiences with cold sores, I can say it works-but timing is important."
"I got Skyla March 22nd, 2016, when I had it insertedd the pain was there but was also tolerable. I have spotting afterwards and cramps for 24 hours. It was inserted a few days before the start of my period and my period came on time and after a month or so of on and off spotting I don&#039;t get my periods as regularly. Maybe once every 3 - 4 months. I have slight cramping here in and there but it only last a few moments. Over all I would definitely recommend for Teenagers and women who aren&#039;t great at remembering the pill."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot for 2 years, I&#039;ve experienced no weight gain or any of the other common side affects. I have not had a single period and only spotted one time. I started the shot when I was 16, and now that I am 18, I want to change methods because it is recommended to not be on the shot for over 2 years because it can lead to osteoporosis. I have tried other methods before, such as the patch and the ring. But the shot was my favorite of them all. If I didn&#039;t have to switch methods, I would definitely stay on the shot."
"Good stuff, the committee in my head has gone on vacation."
"Took metropolol for 8 years with hydrochlorothiazide and suffered severe migraines until a med check doctor told me about the side effects from it plus my blood pressure never dropped below 177/112 in all the time I was on it.  Changed doctors and was put on Bystolic and the hydrochlorothiazide and I never had the urge To go to the bathroom. Had to force myself to go. My feet and legs cramp all the time. I don&#039;t get headaches and my blood pressure dropped to 128/80 was the lowest but I stopped taking the water pill so I can go to the bathroom. It may be wrong but at least I&#039;m peeing."
"I used Monistat 3 before and it kind of cleared it up but I had to use yogurt inserts for about two to three days to really help it go away.  I then got another yeast infection a week or two later and bought Monistat 7 since I&#039;m pregnant and I was told that&#039;s my best option.  It was crazy itchy after the first two days but it got better and the itch and pain is pretty much gone.  I itch the slightest at times and I worry but maybe I&#039;m being dramatic.  I have one more day left and it&#039;s done it&#039;s job.  If anything some yogurt to help finish it off!  I&#039;ve had pretty good results for Monistat 3 and 7.  Don&#039;t let the other comments scare you!  It obviously doesn&#039;t work for a lot or only the people who had negative comments wrote reviews "
"I started taking Amoxicillin on Friday evening for bronchitis and saw major improvements by that Sunday. I noticed that following Wednesday I started having some diarrhea, and now today, I am having major diarrhea that caused me to miss work. I am taking the Amoxicillin twice a day for 10 days. I will complete the regimen but hoping the diarrhea goes away soon."
"I have hyperemesis gravidarum. Never have I experienced relief with Zofran, minimal, if at all. Constipation goes hand in hand with this drug and I&#039;d rather have N&amp;V all day than be as constipated as I am right now. You have to weigh your pros and cons with this drug, and it&#039;s not for me."
"I have been taking Pristiq for 8 months now and have gained 10kgs. My confidence improved but I find that I am easily angered and get quite snappy. I was worse when I was on 100mg, now I take 50mg am still snappy and angry. I have never in my life been this way until taking Pristiq. Back to the doctors for a change of medicines."
"Very effective medication for tension headache or migraine. Minimal side effects, i.e. drowsiness, etc."
"I just read what the medicine was designed for.  Surprised.  I have used Eurax G for the past 20 years.  I obtained two tubes of it while in Japan.  I have found that it promotes healing of cuts, scratches, and other minor injuries faster than any other medicine I have tried.  I have also used it effectively for small areas of poison ivy/sumac as well as other minor skin irritations.  I do not have scabies nor ever had scabies.

Maybe my experience applies only to me.  But I can attest to it&#039;s effectiveness for ME.  I must emphasize however that it is for Eurax &quot;G&quot;.  There are other letter categories for Eurax, but &quot;G&quot; works for me for the conditions I mentioned."
"I have had a negative experience on Seroquel. I do not want this to deter anyone from taking it, as everyone&#039;s reaction and experience on this medicine is subjective; I just want to put this out there for anyone who might be experiencing similar symptoms and reactions and may be hesitant to say it and to just relate my own experience.
I am Bipolar 2 and have untreated ADHD due to the ADHD medicines causing manic episodes. I started Seroquel 2 months ago when I was having a bout of insomnia. I should state that I was on Wellbutrin, Lamictal, and Paxil, and was feeling good. I was productive during the day and upbeat. I was prescribed Seroquel for the insomnia and taken off all the other except Lamictal. I am now a &quot;zombie&quot;, depressed, sleepy 24/7."
"First off if you have difficulty swallowing capsules you will have a hard time with this medicine. I have no problem with normal coated tablets and pills but found it extremely hard to swallow due to it being in a capsule. After 3-4 days of no issues of the 300mg dose for reoccurring strep I had an awful reaction. After I struggled to get it down I quickly (5-10 minutes) started to feel a strong heart burn/acid reflux feeling in my chest. This is common for me so I just took some tums like I normally would and thought I&#039;d be fine. After about 15-20 mins it still wasn&#039;t gone and I started to feel extremely nauseous and had to run to the bathroom and proceeded to vomit quite violently. So I stopped taking the medicine."
"Elavil is great. I take 50 mg at night. It has helped with migraines, anxiety and depression. It is very cheap and very effective. I take it with Pristiq and Klonopin (as needed)."
"I have been on this BC for around three years now. 

Going on Generess FE was an amazing decision, though adjustment was tough at first. I&#039;m actually on the generic version now since they released it, but my benefits are still there. I previously would have insane mood swings in the week leading up to my period--I&#039;m talking sporadic crying and feelings of anxiety. This went away when I started this medicine. My period lasts barely more than one or two days and I don&#039;t need to buy more than the &quot;lite&quot; tampons. Periods now are completely painless and barely more than a slight inconvenience. My skin is clearer than ever, and this has worked wonders for me. I&#039;m not pregnant, and I&#039;ve reaped all the benefits of this medicine!"
"Relieved the muscle spasm, however caused extreme drowsiness. I first tried Robaxim and Motrin, which helped a little, but the spasms returned with a vengence."
"I&#039;ve been using Lyza for about 9 months. I got a year&#039;s supply from Planned Parenthood for free. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects when I take it correctly. I don&#039;t bleed as much during my period but my cramps are still the same. My only complaint is if I&#039;m more than 3 hours late taking the pill I will get a period in the next couple of days, regardless of where I am in my cycle."
"On Dec. 01, 2014 I awakened with huge blind spots in my left eye. My vision had been 20/25 corrected before the bleed. I got help within 24 hours from my retina doctor. My right eye remains at 20/30 corrected. After the first injection my sight
had improved significantly in two weeks.  Subsequent injections seem to havet stabilized my sight and improved some more. My retina doctor told me today that
answer will have to come from my opthamologist . So I will have him take a look.
I am very grateful about my progress. I am 83 years old. That&#039;s old.
Paul"
"I am 20 years old and I&#039;m in my 1st month of treatment (4 months left). After the first week I noticed a difference in my skin (no exaggeration). Something I have noticed is that I can&#039;t work out like I used to before the treatment. I lifted weights 4 days ago and it still hurts to pick up my cellphone. I&#039;m taking a break from the REC center until I&#039;m better, but something like this wouldn&#039;t have phased me before the treatment. My skin isn&#039;t too dry because I use Eucerin body lotion morning and night. I wash my face with Cetaphil and use the face lotion that came with it. I&#039;ve been keeping a lean diet and running 3 miles 3x week to keep my mood from going south (my biggest concern from the side effects). "
"I have been on Wellbutrin for 2 weeks now. I am not sure if it just isn&#039;t working or if it is actually making things worse.  Crying, sleepless, anxious, restless. Don&#039;t know whether I should quit taking it or not.  Doctor is on vacation this week,  will see him the following week.
Was on Effexor for about 3 years. It worked great for me,  but somehow I decided I didn&#039;t need it anymore,  within a month I realized I was wrong. Tried going back on it but it caused horrible side effects."
"I just got mine 2/12/2015 and I had quite a bit of bruising but nothing to worry about. No issues to start with. So far I have no period, acne, weight gain, mood, or sex drive issues. My only issue so far is itchiness. I haven&#039;t read this on any of the other reviews but I also have not read every single one. I hope this stops but I guess it&#039;s better than some of the other issues."
"I&#039;ve been in remission for 5 years."
"Newly diagnosed after 7 years of excruciating pain, no energy and brain fog. So after my 2nd day taking this, I have high hopes. I am a little less stiffer in the morning and the rest of the day. Not pain free... yet. I have terrible hot flashes, but me and my fan can deal with that. I am very emotional in a good way. I feel happier than I have in a long time and while someone complained of decreased libido, I have had the opposite occur. My husband of 15 years is very pleased with this medications side effects! At this point I would probably just stay with it for how great it makes me feel emotionally. If it also helps the pain, energy and mental fog in the long run, then this would be a miracle for me and mine!"
"This drug was wonderful (along with Menopur)."
"I was prescribed this about Nov 2014, 1 tablet a day.  After two weeks of being afraid to step over the doorway I stopped taking it, it caused severe stomach cramps, diarrhoea and nausea.  My consultant had prescribed it to take to try to stop me getting infections and possibly reduce my steroid intake (maintenance dose of 20mg per day, been on them daily since March 1992 for asthma).  Last month he persuaded me to try again but to take alternate days for a month and then if ok ask my GP to add to my prescription.  From the start the nausea, diarrhoea, stomach cramps came back, followed by itchiness, headache, shooting pain in right ear.  I have persevered for the month but will not be asking GP for more"
"Made my depression disappear with cost. I started having chest pains during exercise and having severe  hallucinations. Could not drive and felt dissocaitive. Felt naseauted yet starving and yet had no will to eat. Gained 3 pounds in two days taking this drug. I also had trouble urinating and it was painful. Only took for a week before stopping at 3mg."
"I had taken Librium for around 20 years off and on for Anxiety and panic attacks. I only take a small dose but it has always been very effective. Anytime I didn&#039;t need it, it was easy to get off of it. I take if as needed. I would recommend it to anyone as it seems to have no side effects with me."
"So far Celexa has been great.  I was very hesitant to start a medicine for depression/anxiety.  But after being extremely low, hostile and moody for months it was time to go to the doctor.  I was angry and depressed all the time. I just wish I went for help sooner. Also, I used to get panic pains in my chest and throat probably 100 times a day.  Sudden scared and nervous little panics over anything!  It has helped that a lot too.  

No side effects for me except good ones!  The only reason I cannot give this a 10 is that I have only been on it for a month.  Hopefully these results last!"
"I have taken this drug for the past 10 years for back issues (discs bulging and ruptured). I have not increased my dosage in the past 6 years and the ER extended release has worked wonders. One 20mg pill in the morning and I am good 95% of all days. Occasionally I need one additional pill if I have been overly active. This pill allows me to live a fairly normal life."
"I think this stuff works great as long as ur not a habitual user of the stronger pain killers. I&#039;m allergic to NSAIDs and aspirin so I can pretty much only take Tylenol and the occasional cox 2 inhibitor (Celebrex, vioxx, bextra). I took Tylenol and Celebrex yesterday for leg pains and got no relief. Used Tylenol today. No relief. I took a 50mg tramadol and pain gone!!! I have a high tolerance for certain meds but for pain, I&#039;m an over the counter kinda gal. This is great for single doses! Maybe not for daily regime :-/."
"I have been taking it for 30 days and no change in ringing is noticed."
"I read all posts regarding Seroquel which, for the large majority, seems to provide good measure for treatment of insomnia. I will admit that after reading the posts, I am envious. Seroquel was prescribed for me because for the last 4 months 
I have only been able to sleep 2 hours/night. The 2 hours are divided in 2 separate incriminates. I take 400 mg. (highest dose allowed) before bedtime. Most unfortunately, Seroquel has provided me NO benefit. Will talk to my physician to see if there is something else that will help not only to induce sleep, but to be able to wake up hours after sleeping, rather than 1 hour twice nightly."
"4 week on 37.5mg and my irritability and anxiety is so much better. My horror week before periods - is no more. The PMDS was well treated as was the mild underlying anxiety felt during rest of month. Side effects for me were headaches for first week, visual change (2 weeks) and feeling tired (lasted a few days). None of which would make me stop given positive benefits."
"2 yrs on generic suboxone tablets (Roxanne Labs or Amneal brands only decent generics). I&#039;ve tried to tapper with my Doc once but mentally wasn&#039;t ready. Dosage was 16mg/day or 2x8mg/day. 
Found out My insurance copay  is the same on Zubsolv (name brand) as Generic Suboxone. Strange I thought since Name brand Suboxone Films AND Bunavail are still PRE-AUTH ONLY. Now, bare with me. Films have been on market for years but Zubsolv is $10 overnight? Ok. It&#039;s been about 10 days since starting Zubsolv. 5.7mgX2/day. No way this is a competitor to Suboxone. I love the under 10min dissolving time AND toothpaste flavor. Wife asked if Ive been taking my medicine. Yep. Im irritable, short tempered, VERY Lerhargic ZUBSOLV ACTS AS A REALLY IS A DIFFERENT DRUG FOR ME"
"I have had severe ear aches now for almost a year.  I went to my doctor and she said I had a lot of fluid in my ear canal.  So she suggested I take Mucinex-D.  After taking 1 dose I could tell a huge difference.  When I begin to have the symptoms again I automatically go buy my favorite medication Mucinex-D."
"The first week of the medication I felt myself thinking better, no excessive worries, no excessive thoughts of sadness and no pain. My mind was clear, my thoughts and emotions was where they need to be. I felt focused and alert. The only problem was I suffer from high blood pressure, which became out of control.
Effexor even help with my night sweats. I have been depressed for over two years so I really struggled to keep things in order. If I could have continued with the medication I would have stayed on it. It worked for me in a lot of different ways. "
"Cafergot is the only medication that I have used that helps with my aura migraines."
"Hate this treatment. I had pylori for about 3 months before being diagnosed through a poop test. I&#039;m on one 20mg nexium, two 500mg amoxi and one 500mg Klacid twice a day. It really does suck. I&#039;m on day 7 of 7 thankfully. My ass of a doctor never told me to keep up the good bacteria, he told me to stop with the probiotics. I&#039;ve had insomnia, random violent nausea, pretty bad abdominal pain, battery acid taste that never goes away and it feels like I&#039;m breathing out ammonia! Chills, fever, body pain AND if your a woman, well yea, that side effect too. If this doesn&#039;t cure the h pylori then, they can stay there"
"I have become very sensitive to ingredients in certain drinks and products. I can no longer take bubble baths or use body washes (anything with scents). I also can&#039;t drink any of the energy drinks. From the first time I feel the symptoms (frequency, pain, &quot;full&quot; feeling), it&#039;s usually gone straight to my kidneys and I&#039;m urinating with blood in the urine. Over the counter mediines don&#039;t work with me. The doctor gives me Cipro and Pyridine (for pain/turns urine orange) and it knocks it out fast and completely. Depending on the dose (I get higher for kidneys than just straight bladder), it can wipe out all bacteria (good/bad) and cause a yeast infection. I&#039;ve been lucky and only have had one."
"Broke my back on L2 and L3.  Was sent home the same day from hospital.  Had a failed spinal surgery 4 years later as the breaks never fused.  The surgery was 12 hours after the surgery Hydromorphone wasnt enough.  So i was put on the Fentanyl 150mcg/h every 2 days .  It helped my pain for full time pain management with Hydromorphone for breakthrough pain.
I wish Fentanyl was never invented.
I have lost all my teeth but 6 and my stomach is always upset, and i have been trying to come off it for a year now, unfortunately I  cant find a medication that controls my pain like fentanyl"
"Started out 392lb on 7/21/2017 and I&#039;m 6&#039;2. So far I don&#039;t think its doing a good job. I feel energetic but my appetite is still ferocious. Insomnia isn&#039;t a problem. Will update when I reach my first full week."
"I was placed on Cymbalta for depression in 2006  worked generally for the most part for the depression then in 08 or 09 I found out that they were prescribing it for FM which I do have FM &amp; Cymbalta did absolutely nothing for pain I&#039;ve had no side effects from the drug at all none. In my research for new SSRI I came across Savella which is designed for FM &amp; I did a less than 30 days switch over from Cymbalta to Savella with 0 adverse effects or side effects( this medicine is working both for the depression &amp; the FM.) I am also taking oxycodone 2/10Mg every 4hrs (in a 24 tyme frame)-12 pills a day. I&#039;m also taking Flexeril 10 mg 3x a day &amp; ibuprofen 800 mg 3x a day, &amp; Tylenol I don&#039;t take the Tylenol because of the deaths that occurred!"
"I have been on Lamictal for approximately a month now for bipolar 1, slowly working up to what I am now at 100mg. I have noticed a dramatic drop in depression but hypo mania only slightly changed, I think it only feels like it has worsened because the depression isn&#039;t there to bring me back down, I still can&#039;t sleep at night, I still panic, feel the doom of anxiety, and racing thoughts among other things. I have had an incredibly increased libido, overall I can&#039;t believe how well its working in such a short time without the terrible side effects that other medications can give you. I&#039;m a mom of 4, I have no time to be a zombie, confused, tired and slow, I look forward to seeing the next few months."
"well, I personally do not recommend this pill. I have been SO sick since I began taking it about a month &amp; a half ago. I was doing some research today &amp; think I might be having a bad reaction to it. Not only have I developed acne, I&#039;ve been having palpitations, racing hart beat, depression, severe anxiety, chest pain &amp; heaviness and to top it off UNBEARABLE migraines every.single.day!
I feel like rubbish every single day and I do believe this medicine is the reason. Bummer."
"I have been on this pill for almost 4 months now. The first month I had breakthrough bleeding, no other side effects other than that. The third and 4th month was  when the side effects all hit me at once; bloating, weight gain, slight headaches and uncomfortable cramps. My period has gotten a lot lighter but I am thinking of switching if these side effects still occur."
"I have been suffering from migraines for years, but the headaches started getting worse and last longer about a year ago, which prompted me to see a neurologist. He prescribed this wonder pill to me and I am not afraid to sound cheesy saying that it changed my life for the better - suddenly I do not have to endure these debilitating headaches that sometimes last 3 days in a row. 
I did start off with Maxalt, but the price was prohibitive and I switched to the generic form, which helps me just as well. 
It takes about an hour for it to work and I often get extremely drowsy and need at least an hours nap about an hour after taking the medicine. I have not experienced any other side effects."
"I have been on this medication since last night I had to be rushed to the ER due to a painful cyst near my breast, I found out after being examined that I have tonsillitis and was prescribed this medication to clear the infection. I was also told it would help with my cyst located near my breast which it did, but I&#039;d advise you if you take this medication drink lots of water and do not lay down 10 minutes after taking your dosage. My throat feels drastically better and my cyst was able to open on it&#039;s own after a few hot compresses."
"Clonazepam best medicine for anxiety and panic disorder parson. I was used last 7 years. It is good one for relaxation. Thx to god"
"Wonderful medicine, changed my life for the better. I am a completely different person behaviorally, but still the same personality! I do not get depressed or anxious like I used to for 20 years, while on SSRI antidepressants. This medicine is a miracle."
"Fresh Kote gave me relief from dryness and eye discomfort at night."
"I placed Icy Hot Vanishing Scent Gel Pain Relieving Gel (as on the tube) on the inside of my knee generously as per directions, but not much at all four hours later a small amount. About thirty minutes after the second application I became very nauseated for hours and felt if I was going to have diahrea.  At this time. I still hours later feel no better. I did however wash it off as soon as I read the side effects."
"I started Chantix about two months ago and I can&#039;t say enough about how absolutely amazing this medication has worked for me. I could feel a difference by day two and I have been completely smoke free since week one. I have about a month left in my prescription and I continue to take it. I have refills for the year if I feel I need it but I have no desire whatsoever to smoke and I just want to say thank you to the medicine for hopefully saving my life. I&#039;m a 42 year old RN and I have been smoking 5 years. Not real long but long enough. I had a crazy dream night one and nothing since- no side effects at all. I was nervous to start the medicine due to the stories we have all heard but I figured the benefit outweighed the risk. Good decision."
"Had a Thalamic Stroke, which left me with disturbed sensations on my right side.  10 years later, developed shingles on my right leg, which I thought were bug bites.  Within 3 days, I was in agony, after 8 weeks I was loosing functionality in the right leg.  Saw Orthopedist, Pain Specialist, and received the impression, that they thought I was a nut, or trying to get pain meds.
Finally went to a neurologist, who diagnosed TPS and Shingles nerve pain interacting. Within 24 hours of starting Lyrica the pain lessened, upping the dose a few weeks later and the pain was zilch.  I have started to regain function in the right leg, it&#039;s very slow but I can see it.  I have never felt such terrible pain, Lyrica was a true lifesaver."
"My a1c is in the normal range now, and I have lost 42 lbs. All my labs are great due to the weight loss. I have been on 10mcg for over 2 years. My last a1c was so good last time, my doctor wants me to decrease to 5mcg. I have been to several dermatologists over the last 2 years trying to figure out why I am having hair loss, unhealthy hair, and change in texture. I never wanted to attribute it to the Byetta although the hair loss started a few months after I began taking it. I am now so desperate to stop the hair loss, I&#039;m considering stopping the Byetta. I can&#039;t decide which would be worse - being bald or gaining back 42 pounds! I would really love to know if the person who recently posted had any hair regrowth after stopping Byetta."
"I was given he the one time dose of 2000 mg to take at once. I had the pills a full 5 days before I said screw this fishy smell and milky discharge and just crushed them and downed them with milk. Truth, the taste is HORRIBLE!! Death in a pill! However, I had NONE of the deathly experiences so many of you have described. A little nausea and dizziness. The slightest though.. Like the kind u get from being too hot for too long. Nothing major. But it&#039;s been 12 hours now and the discharge AND fishy smell is GONE!! I&#039;m mad I hadn&#039;t taken them already now, because I could be back to my regular, clear discharge. But I recommend it!!!"
"I am a male early 20s, I suffer from major depression, anxiety and occasional panic. I started Prozac 20mg and now in my 5th week of treatment. The first 2 weeks I felt no relief, suffered from side effects such as fatigue, anxiety, and disrupted sleep patterns. Beginning of the 3rd week I began to feel a noticeable difference. My thoughts became less negative, I just felt less depressed/anxious than usual, and side effects have almost gone away. Then into my 3rd/4th week I began to feel better and better each day. It seems much more gradual than other antidepressants. Now into my 5th week I do feel MUCH better. However, it is still early for me and I have had 1 set back caused by excessive alcohol/marijuana use. Overall, stick with it!"
"So far I have been using the 15mg for about ten days. I was transitioned over from being on Lexapro 20mg and I was on that for 5rys or so. I am diagnosed BPD with PTSD. I am 38 yrs old and I weigh about 48kg. I have noticed my moods have leveled out nicely, however I haven&#039;t put food down easily. I always feel like I need some sort of food to make me feel relaxed, but I am not sure which one will do that so I just keep eating! I do have the restless legs and notice it at night when I am in bed. It&#039;s so annoying so I get up and eat something! Good thing I have a home gym! I hope this helps anyone out there. I am also getting counseling and we are working on DBT."
"I have never been on any other birth control apart from Loestrin.  Its been about 6-7 years and I absolutely love it.  Very very light to no periods at all, no cramps, no weight gain, everything was perfect.  It has been just the past few months that I have experienced any problems.  I have gained about 15 lbs since first taking this medicine so I believe that is the cause of the change.  I am now having cramps, heavier periods and my skin is breaking out."
"I&#039;ve just started my fourth pack and let me say this pill is amazing! I&#039;m not breast feeding nor have I ever had a kid. I&#039;m on a PoP because I&#039;ve tried many other forms of the combined pill and I would have the worst side effects that would make me feel like I was going to die. On this pill I have had 0 adverse side effects and it is just amazing for me. I still get a period and t comes every month at the exact predicted time. The only difference is the length of the period varies. Sometimes it is a day or two longer sometimes it is a day or two shorter. It really isn&#039;t a big deal though. I love this pill and I am so thankful I finally found something that works for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for severe depression for about six months now. I tried other depression medications that either made the depression worse or made me way too complacent and had a lot of side effects. With Cymbalta, my depression has gone away with almost no side effects and I&#039;m back to feeling like an actual human being instead of being consumed by the depression. The only problem I had was it interfered with my sleep. I would half wake up multiple times a night, and would be running my fingers through my hair. Basically I was moving about in a half awake state and not getting a proper deep rest. This was able to be resolved by combining this medication with another one I take before bed. Very positive experience and I&#039;m very grateful"
"Absolutely changed my life. Sleeping habits greatly improved. Sudden stress disappeared. Sense of calmness I haven&#039;t  had in decades returned."
"Relieved some nasal pressure and drainage.  After a month of continuous use, developed insomnia and muscle spasms around ear and eyelid areas.  Discontinued use and after 2 weeks, these symptoms disappeared."
"I am 16 and I started using Vyvanse a little over one month ago. I am a very bright student but I found myself struggling through school. I was diagnosed with ADD around 4th grade. I have always had trouble focusing and staying on task. I tried Concerta, Ritalin, Strattera and Adderal. After taking those I took about a 4 year break from medicine. I began Welbutrin and am now taking that in combination with Vyvanse. My grades improved tremendously. I can now focus and it shows. I went from a D in Algebra/Geo to an A. My life and confidence has improved more than I ever thought possible. I do have decreased appetite but other than that, this medicine is literally making my future brighter everyday."
"I started this birth control completely fine the first week. After the first week I started bleeding bad and continued to take the pill. I had been bleeding for 3 months straight while on cryselle"
"I would not recommend Lyrica to anyone.   I had severe neck pain and nerve issues, and prescribed Lyrica, slowly increasing my dosage.   I was up to a total of 300mg twice a day and the medicine had an issue with the Zoloft I was taking causing Serotonin Syndrome.  I didn&#039;t feel a significant change in pain after taking Lyrica for over 3 months.  After I had my neck surgery, I started slowly decreasing my Lyrica.   It has absolutely been the worst medicine to come off of.   Decreasing dosages as small as 25mg impacted my whole life.   I couldn&#039;t stay awake, was in a cloud, felt nauseous and completely un-motivated.  If I ever knew these side effects were a potential I would have never started taking this med.  Advise taking with caution!"
"I recently started taking Sumatriptan. It was ok at first. I took it whenever I felt a migraine coming on and it usually took care of most of my symptoms, some sensitivity to light and sounds continued. But for migraines at work (which I would get all the time) it is terrible because of the sleepiness. I often will have to try to fight all day at work just to stay awake."
"I am 63 yr old softball playing male who developed severe knee pain.  My orthopedic doctor told me arthritis and wrote me a prescription of 7.5 mg Meloxicam  once a day.  I tried to get through my  week with 2 or 3 pills due to possible bad side effects. I found that it works much better if you take daily.  This drug is much better than over the counter meds.   I wish the side effects were not so severe but I do enjoy walking and my softball again."
"I took one dose experienced nausea, diarrhea, muscle weakness, dizziness, complete lethargy to point I couldn&#039;t function. Couldn&#039;t sleep without jerking awake and it actually scared me."
"All I can say is WOW! I have taken so many different muscle relaxers as well as different narcotics, and this is one of the best medicines I have ever tried. It&#039;s hard to get relief with 2 herniated discs in my lower back but with the Soma I took it and 20 minutes later I felt more relaxed and my muscles just seemed to have let go of the tension and the spasms just subsided. However please be sure to take it as directed."
"This birth control sucks. And I mean suckas. If you already have mood swings, anxiety and or a history of depression please search for other options because this thing will intensify what you have like no other. I&#039;ve never been on bc prior to this and I did mention to the dr if it&#039;ll make your mood swings worse and she assured me it wouldn&#039;t. Complete opposite. I feel like I already struggled with some depression and mood swings but being on this just takes it to a whole other level. The suicidal thoughts come when I&#039;m most anxious it just flat out sucks man. And worse part is that I never asked to be on this bull, I only need it so I can have a normal period and this is what I get? Life is hard enough as is. Just stay away from it."
"My mood got absolutely crazy in the first 3 weeks. I also had spots for over a month. After that, my mood got back to normal, but I still have spotting from time to time. Even so, I after coming into the 4th month with the pill, I can say that I am very happy about it. It is a little pricy but I like the fact that the periods are really under control. I had heavy bleeding that lasted for 7-8 days a month, and now things are so much more under control. If you are going through tough times in the beginning, do not give up. That will pass."
"Last night was the first night that I have had a full restful sleep since I was eighteen and I am 72 years old.  I was not groggy and did not have a hangover. I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 1996 and I could not tell if the muscle aches were from the fibromyalgia or the medication but the muscle aches disappeared after I got up and moved around.  I am grateful that my doctor prescribed Trazodone."
"I was on Yaz for about 6 months. A couple weeks ago I was finding it hard to breathe and having chest pains. To my complete surprise, doctors found I had multiple blood clots in both my lungs blocking almost my entire airway and admitted me into hospital straight away. I am a healthy 23 year old and doctors said they have never seen a PE (Pulmonary Embolism) as bad as mine. Tests came back confirming that the clots were caused from my YAZ pill. They told me that had I waited a couple more days I could have dropped down dead without any warning. Very scary to know the pill can cause this much damage to the body, I don&#039;t know how they are still producing and selling this pill. After my near death experience, I will NEVER recommend this pill"
"I have taken YAZ for just over 6 months now and I have seen no improvement in my skin. I don&#039;t have severe ache, I never have but I do suffer from constant congested skin that no cleanser/exfoliator can fix. Mainly whiteheads, heaps and heaps of them mainly on my chin which always turn into zits. Never ending cycle of zits. On YAZ I don&#039;t feel any period pain during my cycle and my period is light but I have found that recently, few days before I get my period I break out in acne all over my chin which has spread to my cheeks and it takes nearly until my next period to fully clear. I waited 6+ months to see an improvement in my hormonal skin with YAZ but I have seen none so I&#039;m changing."
"I&#039;ve been on Skyla for 20 days now. This rating is for the side effects. Women need to know that these side effects CAN happen to anyone and they aren&#039;t pretty!! I began with an exaggeration of hair loss...I just had my son 3 months ago and thought it was related to the post partum but then I began to notice weird pimples appearing! I googled the symptoms of these new weird pimples and guess what? They&#039;re CYSTIC!!! Grrrrrrrrr!!! They are painful,  horrible, ugly planets that according to google, will leave permanent scars! I also began to have horrible headaches! I called doctor&#039;s office today to get it removed! I hope it works for all you ladies! But just be aware of the nasty side effects! I rather use condoms than go bald and have scars!"
"My son went on Strattera... came off after about 6 months because he found it terrible and was causing him pain, discomfort (mentally) and he was constantly crying, hurting himself and even one time fainted."
"I started taking movantik about 3 to 4 months ago. At first it seemed to work great. Then as weeks went by I noticed that it did not seem to work as well or at all. I started taking the drug in the morning and then late at night and usually the second dose would work. Then I noticed something strange where I would feel really sick especially during the daytime. And I finally figured it out and realized it is the movantik causing withdrawal symptoms. Not like complete withdrawal because I am on Fentanyl patches. But enough of a withdrawal feeling where I can not function at work. My recommendation is to not take this drug more than twice a week because it loses its potency. And only take this drug at night so you don&#039;t have withdrawal symptoms"
"Varying levels of depression since early 20&#039;s.  Anxiety also an issue.  2 bouts of major depression: one in late 40&#039;s and one in mid 50&#039;s.  No hospitalizations.  Now 63 yo.  Taking 200mg for 2yrs, -  minimal side effects, and very effective in mood regulation.  Never had a manic episode, but had been fairly quick to anger and somewhat argumentative.  I would have to say this medicine has helped a lot.  Some changes in my life circumstances may also be helping  (retired) --  but I have to give this medication an endorsement.  Worry a bit about taking it long-term -- but so far, no side effects."
"My personal advice to anyone thinking of starting Cymbalta, don&#039;t do it. I only wish someone told me before I took it. Granted, it did take the edge off of some of my pain short term. The side effects just aren&#039;t worth it. 

I was fortunate enough to only suffer mood swings, anger, brain zaps and so on for about a month because I wasn&#039;t on it that long.

They don&#039;t tell you that once you start taking Cymbalta, it&#039;s near impossible for someone to safely come off on their own if they have been on it more than a couple of months. 

Just please do your research. Some people have had great success but others barely lived to tell their horror stories and others aren&#039;t here"
"I suffer frequent depression when negative events occur in my life. Prozac is a miracle that enables me to pick myself up before my bouts of depression become obvious to others eg. work, friends etc. Totally recommend use of this medicine to combat thoughts of hopelessness. I am now able to manage my life when I suspect a period of depression is looming. Thanks to the designer of this medicine."
"I have always used Natural Family Planning until my husband and I started working at the same hospital and our hours made it impossible to keep track of everything like we had previously. I decided I&#039;d try the lowest dose of Birth Control which is the Nuva ring. I had it in for less than one week because I became extremely depressed, crying spells, constipated, and nauseated. All of this mattered but I felt like my body needed to adjust to this... until, after sex I was bleeding and the left side of my vagina was very painful. "
"I took Doxylamine for the first time last night. I have suffered terribly from opioid withdrawal induced insomnia for a long period of time and to sleep I was given Seroquel, which did not help but left me completely &quot;hangovered&quot; in the mornings and had serious side effects. Instead, I tried the OTC Doxylamine and I have slept seven straight hours without nightmares and feel great and wide awake in the morning. I can not generalize after only one experience but would really like to recommend it."
"I have been on Nuvaring for 9 months now and I absolutely love it! I was very nervous to try it in the beginning because I had read so many bad reviews. I went ahead anyway because I was desperate for any pill alternative and my doc wasn&#039;t thrilled about an IUD for me. Since then, I have had nothing but a great experience (no side effects, consistent and light periods, no falling out, etc). Not to mention the absolute best part which is that I don&#039;t have the constant stress I used to have over missing pills. I do take it out 90% of the time before sex, but even when I leave it in my husband says, yes, he can feel it but it never bothers him too much."
"I was scheduled to take 8 infusions of this drug. After 3rd transfusion 10/9/15 I&#039;m not sure this is for me... I&#039;m sick to my stomach, nausea doesn&#039;t even justify it. I&#039;m extremely dizzy, even more so than being extremely anemic to begin with. What gets me the most is that I expected to have my level of energy upped up a bit. Meanwhile, I&#039;m extremely tired and spend my weekends in bed. 
To make the data comparable, I&#039;m a 40 yo female with a full time job and a young family to take care of. It&#039;s difficult and I&#039;ll be talking to my md today"
"The dermatologist prescribed me this and told me it would clear up in about two months and it hasn&#039;t cleared up at all after the two months. My face looks the exact same it did two months ago. Maybe I&#039;m just not being patient enough but absolutely no progress has been made."
"I had a quickie n he decided to finish it off in me... Well IMMEDIATELY we went 2 our local pharmacy n bought this plan b 1 step pill.I took it immediately.2 weeks later,took a pregnancy test n got the world&#039;s BIGGEST POSITIVE. The small pill was $50.That was the 1st time in a year n a half that I had intercourse n the last after I had my first son. I honestly believe this pill is ineffective because they just want u to think it works when n reality, it would never work. Alot of women don&#039;t know their bodies when they ovulate so if your not fertile and he ejaculates n u and u take the pill n dont get preg., The pill is supposed to make u think it worked. DO NOT buy. Was NEVER effective. Thank u!"
"I had issues on this medication the first few months like extremely bad headaches almost everyday, horrible acne, mood swings and irregular periods. My migraines have lessened now however it is horrible acne that bothers me the most.  It took about 6 months for my period to start being regular after being on a Combo pill 9 years"
"Marvelous medicine! Cleared my congestion and headache in one dosage! Would recommend to everyone suffering from congestion or sinus infection."
"This medication has been working very well for me in preventing migraines with little side effects.  The only thing is that it&#039;s really expensive."
"I have been on this pill for 2 months now. I was getting the Depo shot before and was on that for 9 months, I had gained 40 pounds from it and wanted to switch fast! My doctor said I was sensitive to the hormones and recommended this for me. I haven&#039;t gained any weight with this which is great, but on the other hand my breast, especially my nipples are super tender most of the time, and they are also getting bigger which isn&#039;t that great since I&#039;m a D cup already. I am a little more emotional than usual but it&#039;s not a big difference. No acne improvement or anything like that. On the first month, I had my period for one day, woke up the next morning and it was gone! That was pretty weird. Overall this pill is pretty good. "
"This prep tastes nasty to me.  I used ginger ale as a chaser which helped. White Cherry Powerade tastes too much like the prep so couldn&#039;t use that.  I did use Breathsavers after each gulp which helped. By the 2nd prep at 2am, nothing could help this go down.  I didn&#039;t think it cleaned me out enough but apparently it did because the doc didn&#039;t complain.  A couple things:  Gave me a terrible headache starting during the first prep which was last night.  Test was this morning and I still have the headache.  Only worse now.  I&#039;ve also been fighting nausea all day long.  I did not have these symptoms with other prep.     So glad this doesn&#039;t have to be done often.   Hopefully they&#039;ll use another prep next time."
"I didn&#039;t experience any side effects at 50mg 2x per day. After my knee replacement surgery, I started taking 100 mg 3x per day. Almost right away I noticed vision blurriness, and mental fog. After about a month I started noticing weight gain, and swelling I&#039;m ankles, legs, feet, and my hands are puffy. I have been on it 7 weeks now and have already gained 10 pounds. The swelling in my feet is nearly intolerable."
"I have been taking Gabapentin the generic for Neurontin for about three years.  I am having really dramatically disturbing dreams about all of my dead relatives.  This is really disturbing me.  I have had all tests possible on my neck and back.  I have had one surgery on my neck and am waiting on another surgery on it.  They keep giving me injections I am sure just to pass time.  The injections have done nothing for me.  Neither did the RFS (Radio Frequency Stimulation) for carterizing the nerve endings.  They now have me on Skelaxin as well but there is no difference.  This has been going on for six years after an accident at work. "
"My experience began after 3 rotator cuff surgeries I developed swelling in legs&amp;feet. After a yr I was finally sent to a dr who gave me gabapentin  300 mg 3x daily.  It&#039;s has helped pain in legs. However foot shooting pain is worse. Not giving up on med will see what dr suggests"
"This medication worked wonders when I had my hip scope back in May. I only took pain pills to sleep, but when I went to shower and sat down after taking my pills I was so nauseous and took zofran and it worked within 5 minutes! 
I actually used it for a hangover once and still worked amazingly! Haha "
"Okay, firstoff, you aint got patience you keeping that acne ! Like boi, i started breakin out in the beggening of 7th grade then my face started being so greasy and you could easily see my pimples, my doctor recomended the trenitoin cream and so i didnt worry much about my acne at that time so i only applied it like once a week cause i kept forgeting but when i actually applied it each night my face started being so dry and peeling it was embarrasing it lasted for about a week so then , in the middle of 8 grade i still had that same acne so i actually got my lazy butt off everynight to apply it and lets just say it takes about 1-2 months depending on how bad ure acne is to see results, just takes time dont give up"
"My mother has been on this medication for 2 1/2 weeks.  With each day she has become more and more agitated, confused, confrontational, and delusional.  I am taking her off of it.  It may be that this medicine is better suited for Alzheimer&#039;s patients than Parkinson&#039;s patients."
"I&#039;ve been taking Seroquel for about a year and I can honestly say I don&#039;t ever want to live without it.  No other medicine had any effect on controlling my extreme mood swings and delusional/psychotic thinking.
The sleepiness (which I now find very helpful) and morning fog were bothersome, but I&#039;ve gladly adapted my schedule to allow 8-9 hrs sleep nightly."
"I only just got the Paragard inserted, so I can only speak on that for now. I&#039;m 23 with no children. I took 2 ibuprofen before going. Had a bit of cramping during the insertion but it didnt last long. Didn&#039;t have a lot of cramping throughout the day like I expected, I cleaned the house and everything without a problem. So overall its been so far so good."
"Wonderful birth control! Had bruising at implant site, to be expected. Had very few side effects: one I really notice is headaches, otherwise nothing. Had periods maybe once every two months, and I now haven&#039;t had one since February I think? It&#039;s August, so I can&#039;t even remember! 100% contraceptive. 4.5 stars. "
"I&#039;ve been on tons of antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications throughout the years.  When I started taking Effexor XR, I was thrilled- I felt so much better... minus all of the side effects.  The side effects are just awful.  I sweat constantly, I have awful headaches, no sex drive, and I gained 15 pounds.  And now the medication has stopped working sort of... I don&#039;t feel sad or happy... I just kind of feel here.  I&#039;ve tried to get off of Effexor but I get those brain zaps/vertigo feelings and vomit so I stop and keep taking it.  I guess it helps some people but if I can ever get off of it, I will be going back to another medication."
"I started at 5&#039;8 189lb pounds. I just finished week one. After reading the reviews I was hesitant to try this but so far no nausea. I have noticed zero desire for sweets. Even diet soda (which I used to love) holds little interest for me. Day 2-4 I noticed way more energy but I seemed to get used to the drug by day 5 and slept more but still have no interest in most food, get fuller faster and am repulsed by sugar. Starting my second pm dose tonight for week 2.  *I take no additional medications."
"I am a 33 year old female with overactive bladder.  Vesicare is the only medication that has literally fixed the problem.  I didn&#039;t realize how bad my bladder problem was until I started taking it and realizing that I didn&#039;t have to get up 3-5 times at night and I didn&#039;t have that constant pinching in my bladder anymore.  Now the problem is I can&#039;t afford Vesicare.  I tried using that momentum program they have and that helped bring the price down, but my insurance company changed and now they want me to pay $210 a month.  I just can&#039;t afford it."
"I am 65 years old  and have been on Avodart for one year.  My PSA had increased at a rapid rate to 3.6.  Biopsy was benign.  Frequent urination was of course an issue.  My PSA dropped almost by 50% in the first 6 months.  My sex drive is non existent and if I can get a partial erection I am able to have a small ejaculation.   Cialis will sometimes work.  The most dramatic side affect has been that I now have an almost full head of hair.  Prior to the Avodart therapy I was pretty bald on top and thinning on the sides.  My barber has been amazed, as have I."
"Buspirone caused me to have horrible nightmares, could not take it."
"I had Athlete&#039;s foot, which I caught from the gym and it kept coming back with all medicines I used.  It was blistery, itchy and weepy type of athlete&#039;s foot. The foot doctor gave me Spectazole cream and almost within days it was better. Within two weeks it dried up nicely.  I recommend it to all who have resistant athlete&#039;s foot. It&#039;s great."
"I suffer from chronic yeast infections and my doctor prescribed me teraconzole and it works wonderful. Since I am pregnant my midwife doesn&#039;t recommend it because it&#039;s a higher dose so she said to try monistat 7. Worst pain ever. I never once had any irritation from my other cream and I was seriously balled up on my bed waiting for the pain to stop. I ended up trying to get it out and took a bath to sooth the pain. A yeast infection has never hurt this bad!"
"Cleared my horrible skin from all my plaques and   helps me on my every day  activities by reducing  the inflammation of my joints  . I could be without ,  that&#039;s a fact . Humira is a life changer for me ."
"I use Ativan when I experience a panic attack at the time of going to bed or when I wake up with one.  I only use a quarter of a 2.5 mg. and it seems to calm me down enough to sleep.  I only use it occasionally namely once in about a two week period when something happens in my life which stresses me out and causes the panic attack.  It also calms me down and brings down my BP since I have a over reactive BP spike whenever I have a panic attack.  It&#039;s a God sent for me :)  Because of the small dosage, I never have an unwanted side effect...feel refreshed in the morning."
"I started taking Oxycontin over 3 years ago for chronic pain in my back and left leg and foot. I have peripheral neuropathy, reflex sympathetic dystrophy, sciatic nerve injury, drop foot and have been told I have pinched nerves. All I know is that I have pain. I started taking 40 mg 3 times a day then 80mg twice a day and now my doctor has me on morphine sulphate 100 mg 3 times a day. He said to do this I won&#039;t need to continue raising the dose of the Oxycontin. The morphine sulphate has not helped as much as the Oxycontin."
"I have only been on this for a few days, and I followed the instructions that said to apply to the whole face. I had no acne on my cheeks or chin and my only problems were my nose and forehead. Although it is clearing my forehead, it is making my cheeks extremely dry and sensitive. From now on I will only put it on the acne."
"I am 18 years old and I have been on Solodyn 55mg for three months now and my acne has only gotten worse. I had minimal breakouts on just my forehead and it honestly wasn&#039;t the worst, but I wanted it to be gone. My derm prescribed me with this medication for two months and  after three weeks of taking the pill I started getting giant cysts on my jawline and cheeks. It is truly awful and I feel as if it is a waste of money and effort."
"Have been on the meds for 5 days now it has made me feel tired, dizzy and I have a pain in the heart area, this is nothing to do with the heart as I have had another few ECGs to check this pain. They don&#039;t think it&#039;s related but its strange that I have only started this medication and this happens. But will be sticking with it."
"I&#039;ve been on Seasonique (generic Camrese) for almost 9 years!! This drug is great. I got on it when it was new to the market. I take it at night and NEVER miss a dose. I&#039;ve never had any spotting between periods and sometimes I skip 2 quarters, meaning I have 2 periods a year. Even my OBGYN can&#039;t believe it&#039;s still working, she says many women&#039;s bodies just won&#039;t let them stay on this drug for long. Until I&#039;m ready to start a family, Seasonique is the birth control for me. No more heavy periods, cramps, mood swings, or missed work. I also save on feminine products, when I do have a period its light and usually 2 days. My advice, give it a try, take it at the same time everyday (I have 2 alarms). Hopefully it will work for you too !"
"Prior to taking Humira, I competed in marathons, triathlons and an Ironman. Additionally, I was a swimming coach. All of a sudden, I could not walk. I spent days in the hospital with no answer. 

After one back surgery, and a second one being planned, my rheumatologist prescribed Humira after testing positive for Ankylosing Spondylitis. Within two months, I had no more back spasms, I could sneeze with out a spasm, I could stand long enough to wash dishes. I began walking normal again. It was a long two years of pain and suffering. Now taking Humira, I have my life back. I feel great!

Do know, it does &#039;turn off&#039; your immune system. I found, taking a probiotic with immune support (and lots of hand washing!) it was not a problem."
"My 7 year old son has shown ADHD symptoms for about 2 years or so but due to many changes in his life, I was unsure of the reason for this behavior. Now we&#039;ve been settled in for &gt;9 months and he has not improved, we have decided to medicate (after dietary changes and omega 3 gave no help). He has been taking Ritalin 10mg for 12 days now. The 1st week he had only morning dose at 8am. This wore off around 1pm. This week I&#039;ve dosed him 4 hours later also. From 1st day the change was amazing. He was attentive and followed instruction throughout his swim lesson and his school teacher found great improvement in attention span, concentration and finishing tasks. He is not as angry or frustrated now. The only negative is that I find he gets emotional and &#039;teary&#039; as it wears off."
"I love this product. I&#039;ve been getting cold sores for years and every time I felt one coming on I felt hopeless! Now when I feel the tingling/itchy I immediately use my Abreva and the cold sore never comes out! The trick is to use it as soon as you feel the tingling and you will be good!"
"I had my SKYLA IUD put in in August of 2014. It was the best decision I ever made. The cramps were not bad at first.. it took a few days for the cramps to happen, then it was just slightly worse than normal period cramps.. they only lasted for a couple of days. It took me about 8 months until my period completely disappeared. From September and onward my periods were lighter. I DID experience some in between spotting, but it wasn&#039;t anything major and happened maybe 3 times tops and the spotting lasting for 2-4 days. Again, NOT major and NOT unusual. Now, I did have a weird smell down there that my OB GYN said was a build up of bad bacteria. I was prescribed a vaginal cream which was similar=for yeast infection, it went away in 1 week"
"Worse decision EVER! Decided to start depo to prevent pregnancy for a while. 1st injection  was at the end of June. Everything was fine. July, wonderful. Later part of August I started the brownish spotting, then light pink to red like a normal cycle. I went to the doctor and was told to take 3 800mg of ibuprofen a day for 5 days and that would stop the bleeding...in which it definitely did. I was late getting my 2nd injection which was given at the beginning of October. October and the first part of November no bleed, no spotting, no nothing. Ohhh but that last week of November, the spotting started again. I started with the ibuprofen regiment again but, this time it seemed to make it worse so, I stopped. I was scheduled to take my 3rd injection on January 8, 2017 but took it at the end of December hoping that it would stop the bleeding...It didn&#039;t...and it hasn&#039;t. Today is January 18, 2017 and I have been bleeding EVERY SINGLE DAY since the week of thanksgiving. I refuse...REFUSE to get the depo ever again. 
Don&#039;t waste your time. It does more damage than good."
"This medication is incredible.  The ONLY side effect I experienced was mild nausea, which after the first week seemed to subside quite a bit.

I am currently on 200 mg/day--(two 100mg tabs)
Starting out my acne wasn&#039;t quite so severe, but I did frequently get cystic acne which was painful (which was why MA Health agreed to cover the cost after my MD petitioned them.)  I&#039;ve been on it for about a week and a half, maybe two weeks, and I&#039;ve already seen the difference! 

This is my second time being on this medication--I was prescribed it in 2014, I don&#039;t know what the dosage was at the time, but after about 2 or 3 months my skin became totally clear the first time around, and before I started that time, my skin was in much worse condition."
"What an amazing feeling it is to be able to speak in front of your peers without issue. I took 45mg over the course of 3 hours before my presentation and it worked without question. Trust me, I was sceptical if it would work or not and boy did it deliver! I&#039;m a big guy and 45 mg was more than enough."
"One small nail had 100% infection while 2-3 other toes (including big toes) were slightly affected. After one month it was clear. Sporanox was very effective. Healthy nail growth was apparent. But I stopped using the medicine because of the side effects, namely the sense of abnormal heart and mental function (not unlike the effects of pseudoephedrine) together with headaches and tiredness. I tried Lamisil for one month and the improvement continued but I suffered from nausea, tiredness and occasional headaches. Now I have just started Diflucan."
"My Primary Care Physician put me on Oxycontin for about a year and a half prior to having shoulder surgery. I had recently started a new job and did not have enough leave time to have the surgery. The only reason I survived and was able to work and have a half way normal life with less pain was through the use of Oxycontin. When I was finally able to have the Rotator Cuff surgery, my Surgeon said I would have to be off of Oxycontin for at least a month prior to the surgery because he could not give me anything stronger for pain after surgery and feared I would have a tolerance and that Oxy that would lessen the effect. No problem, I just stopped taking it. That was when the honeymoon was over."
"I have been on Imitrex for years now and when my Migraine starts Imitrex takes care of it. Only a couple of times I had to take the second pill I&#039;m on 100mg as for side effects I have not had any. My doctor has me on Topamax to help control them and I keep my Imitrex with me when I need it."
"Been on this medication a week on 5mg side affects at first we&#039;re headache and a bit of nausea even with food but each day gets better I was prescribed this for anxiety and it seems to be working I can hold conversation without feeling anxious!"
"I have been on Apri for 9 months. I am on birth control to help intense bleeding and an incredibly enlarged uterus. Please keep this in mind while reading my side-effects. These aren&#039;t typical for Apri.
Apri has given me all of the symptoms of pregnancy without the baby. I wake up nauseous, I have night terrors almost every night (waking up bawling, and that&#039;s not normal for me), and a strange craving for eggs whereas I never really liked them before. I also have slight mood swings that aren&#039;t so bad that they can&#039;t be controlled.
However, it has changed my period length from 10-14 days to 4 days, removed all cramping, regulated my cycle, and saved my uterus. It gets a 7 out of 10 from me."
"Medication has worked well for me, with no side effects. I find sitting in a warm bath with low lighting is the most effective way to let the medication work."
"I used to take Loestrin but I had breakthrough bleeding problems. So my doctor changed me to this pill. I am very pleased with it. I have gained about 15 pounds though. I do get headaches too. But overall its a pretty good pill."
"It made very aggressive that the police had to come to my house I don&#039;t recommend if your under 18"
"I applied before bed instant burning and stinging like I got bit by fire ants in my vaginia I could only take it for 1 minute before I realized I couldn&#039;t take it anymore I jumped in the shower and washed out as much as possible applied some wheat grass lotion to my outer labia took some Tylenol and after a few hours went to bed, woke up with a perfectly healed labia but the inside of my vaginia was swollen and full of red hurtful bumps as well as painful to pee at first, I cried on my way to work and thought omg this is the worst pain ever I have the worst yeast infection ever, day went on and pain subsided, night two same thing that&#039;s when I looked online and realized it&#039;s the product, I&#039;m throwing this torture cream out!"
"I am currently finishing my final month of Accutane treatment.  I unwisely tried a &quot;new&quot; skin product on my face and I had the most horrific reaction ever!  During the past 2 days my facial skin turned very red, dried out, scaled, and then has crusted over.  As it is beginning to peel and crack, my skin is now bleeding.  My dermatologist gave me some samples of Cloderm to use...IT IS WONDERFUL!  I just applied it for the first time, and the redness is already seemingly subsiding.  My skin also feels soothed and less irritated.  I rate this a 10 based on these immediate effects.  If I experience anything unpleasant, I will be sure to update."
"Doxepin is the fourth medication that I have been prescribed for my insomnia. Prior to Doxepin, I had taken melatonin (as many insomniacs begin with), Trazodone, and Seroquel. I do not remember any noteworthy effects from the first two, but I was amazed with Seroquel. It worked like a charm once I fell asleep. However, it often took me far too long to fall asleep and I felt extremely groggy, sometimes for hours, when I woke up. Still, I was very satisfied, having finally found something that brought me some much needed rest. When I switched doctor&#039;s, though, I was switched to Doxepin. I have only taken it for a short time, but I cannot praise it highly enough. It takes effect far more quickly and has less grogginess than Seroquel (for me)."
"I was very hesitant to start birth control, but needed to as my relationship got more serious and I needed to be protected. The first 3 days of taking the 21 day pack Junel, I did experience some nausea (mild, but didn&#039;t have an appetite.) It did subside, but now looking back I have realized that slowly, but surely I have become super emotionless/apathetic a bit more month by month. I hit my threshold of not &quot;feeling&quot; this month and am most likely getting an IUD next month. I am a very emotional person, which I love that about myself. On Junel, I am numb and just blah. It&#039;s different from depression. Other side effects were very minor, but included my breasts growing half a cup, probably 1-2lbs weight gain in my mid section. Skin Is good."
"I was diagnosed with Cervical Dystonia in 2000 a little after a car accident.  I went back to work and worked fast and hard as usual and the dystonia got worse.  Shortly after, I developed panic attacks.  Dr. prescribed generic xanax and it really helped.  I don&#039;t remember how much it was- 2005.   The xanax not only took the panic attacks away but my neck pulling would go away for a long time.  Since 2013 dystonia came back w/vengance.  No one has prescribed xanax and keeps prescribing crappy medications-Baclofen, flexiril and now Atarax.  I&#039;m scared to take the Atarax.  I know xanax works and I only used it maybe 4 times a month. No habit forming for me. Kids ruined it for folks that need it :("
"I had Mirena for one year and 2 months and finally call my OB to remove it yesterday. It works great if you don&#039;t want to get pregnant. And it doesn&#039;t affect my sex drive at all. But began having few cramps after I work out and break out a lot, that I can&#039;t tolerate any anymore. I&#039;m on pills right now. My OB told me that pills will clear my acne. So hopefully it does."
"I would not be able to function on a daily basis without this medication.  I have been taking it for a few years now post lower back surgery.  I take 10/325 at least four times a day for breakthrough pain, because my Opana ER doesn&#039;t really kill my sciatica.  I don&#039;t know how I would do my job without taking pain management medicines.  I had been taking Endocet brand, and now the pharmacy has changed brands and I don&#039;t think the new brand works as well."
"I take ropinirole, 3 mg about 2 hrs before bed. Restless legs Syndrome rules my life for years now. I would be so lost without this medication. I start having problems with my legs starting early afternoon, but my doctor will not let me take any more than 3 mg...a day.  Sleep is more important, so night time it is. I never want to be without Ropinirole!!"
"I started this pill due to heavy and painful periods, and I wish I could say it helped.  Before the pill, my period only lasted 7 days, since starting, it has come every two weeks, sometimes not stopping for the entire month.  I&#039;m on my fourth pill pack now and nothing is regular and the longest I&#039;ve gone without bleeding is two weeks.  Definitely stopping.  It did clear up my skin though!"
"This is my miracle medicine. Best medicine I have ever taken in my life. Works for me in 1-2 minutes. Have nausea from acid reflux and feel instantly better. A little sleepy but it doesn&#039;t put me in a deep slumber. Love Zofran."
"I took this medication for about a year. Felt severely depressed. Retained fluid. Switched medical insurance which resulted in my seeing another doctor. He changed me from Tenormin to Accupril. After one month, my world changed. No longer hated to get out of the bed each morning. Could now wear my wedding band on my ring finger.
Tenormin was the wrong medicine for me. Wrote a letter to my prior doctor to let her know of my experience."
"Although I love that I only need to change my patch once a week instead of taking a pill everyday, I HATE the patch.  I&#039;ve been on it for 3 months and took my last patch off for good today.  I&#039;ve gained more than 25 pounds!  I&#039;m constantly hungry no matter what or how often I eat (I normally have great self control). Also I have had on going cramping through my entire cycle.  My periods are not any shorter, lighter, or less painful. My acne has gotten worse. I have sudden and fierce mood swings and am more emotional than I was when I was pregnant.  The only good thing I can say about it is I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, and even then, I haven&#039;t had sex since starting it, so that doesn&#039;t even count in my book.  Hate it."
"I took this pill once at 37.5mg to start my regimen. I got serotonin syndrome and was hospitalized. Steer clear from this medicine."
"Effective in rhinorrhea, clean dose thoroughly before spraying, every 6 hrs, keep dose to 1 spray left and right nostril. 6 years experience."
"I got mine inserted middle of May 2017 and I have already scheduled to get it removed next month. I think one of the only good things I have to say about nexplanon is how safe you feel from not becoming pregnant, but other than that I do not like this BC. I have been spotting constantly on and off again since last month. My mood swings are crazy! Some days I feel happy but most of the days I feel depressed in a way &amp; just down about everything. Sometimes I feel like balling my eyes out for absolutely NO reason. It&#039;s really annoying. Also, I noticed I gained 5lbs in less than 2 weeks when I got it inserted. I&#039;m running out of characters now but my last con is that I&#039;m always tired. I could sleep all day and still feel exhausted"
"Find another medication. This caused me horrible memory problems, I have been out of work for the last 9 months because of it. My lying psychiatrist told me the side effects were minimal, even though I specifically asked her to tell me the side effects before I agreed to take the medication."
"I have nevre damage due to spinal cord surgery.  I have tried several long term and short term pain medications and everything made me tired that I could not work while taking the medication.  The pain doctor then put me on Nucynta which I take at night and it works wonderful. I still take pain medication during the day for break thorough pain as I cannot take the Nucynta while I am working."
"I was given 1mg for low cortisol. Took it first day ok. 2nd day in absolute rage all day plus agitated and literally ready to go into a mental home. Carried on for 2.5 weeks, on last day woke up with a headache, like my head was splitting open. Saturday, so set off to hospital. Thought I don&#039;t know how to get there. Rage and the headache are side effects of prednisone. Each time I take a dose of steroids, bone spur on another joint. "
"good"
"By far the best birth control I&#039;ve ever had. I tried 2 before and they didn&#039;t work for me. They made me gain weight and didn&#039;t even help with my period which is one of the major reasons why I got on birth control. When I first started this, it gave me major mood swings but after about 2 weeks it stopped. That was the only bad part. While on it for only 2 months I lost about 15 pounds and it helped so much with my periods. They are light, short, and I have barely any cramping. It&#039;s also cheap."
"As far as effectiveness, yes the Implanon is effective in preventing birth control. That&#039;s the ONLY plus. I had the Implanon for 1 year, and I bled daily for 1 year. In the beginning I had no emotional or hormonal side effects...about 6 months in I became very paranoid, moody, anxious, emotional, and was becoming depressed before I finally had it taken out. I did not gain weight, but I did have very severe acne, to the point of (ineffective) dermatologist visits. I am writing this review just to tell other women to very careful consider it and your other options before having this birth control inserted. Both the insertion and removal are painful and leaves a nasty scar. If you have the option of other bc methods, take it."
"I was on this pill for two years and everything was awesome! My acne did worsen significantly but my dermatologist fixed me right up. Nauseous the first month on the pill. I used to have extremely heavy periods and this pill made my period completely vanish! If there ever was a period it was only there when I wiped so it was very light. Unfortunately, I recently had to switch pills, for some reason it made me bleed for two months straight. Most important there were no pregnancies!"
"Taken my 4th injection so far and have barely any psoriasis plaques left. Nothing else has worked I have tried multiple creams and tablets that made me sick. Now with Humira I have no side affects, I am nearly all cleared up and best of all the injection is painless"
"my doctor prescribed me Levlen ED and I was told it was very safe to use, however even the first time I took it I was getting headaches and nausea about 3 hours after each time I took my tablet, it happened almost everyday until I stopped taking it, after 4 weeks of using this pill I became severely allergic, ended up in hospital with a horrible rash known as erythema multiforme, which is caused by an allergic reaction to medications (I was taking nothing else at the time and have no known allergies) I understand my case may be rare but I wouldn&#039;t want it happening to anyone else, I read the information booklet for Levlen and it does say it can cause the symptoms I had, worked well for my periods the time I was on it but too risky"
"The Great British health service paid for my 12 week course. I smoked 30 a day and tried a number of various methods to quit; nicotine patches, cold turkey, acupuncture, Chinese medicine and even hypnosis, all with varying degrees of success yet none with any long term success.
After the first couple of days taking Zyban, I realized I was reaching out less and less for a cigarette and when I did, I light up, I could not experience that nicotine &#039;hit&#039;. I was &#039;cured&#039; after 9 weeks but continued with the full 12 weeks course. Side effects....I gained a few pounds in weight. My quit date was 22nd February 2002."
"Reading all of the reviews for this drug sure makes one second-guess if they even want to take it, so I wanted to share my experience. I was prescribed 500mg 2x a day, and my provider was very clear when he said don&#039;t take it on an empty stomach, and don&#039;t drink alcohol with it. Makes sense, because 500mg is a pretty hefty dose. I take one in the morning with milk, after breakfast, and one in the evening after dinner. Didn&#039;t try a sip of alcohol while taking it (certainly wouldn&#039;t want to lessen my chance of BV going away). My side effects weren&#039;t bad at all, in fact I didn&#039;t notice a thing! If you take it how you&#039;re supposed to, it&#039;s a very effective antibiotic and WELL worth getting rid of BV. Good luck ladies!"
"3 months on Savella experienced no relief for Fibromyalgia. Dr increased dosage to double. Even though I was experiencing severe constipation to point of rectal bleeding, insomnia, intense pain. 2 months later I experienced severe seizure, stopped breathing, heart beating, resulting in a stroke."
"Just started this medicine and I am tired and slightly forgetful. I thought it was from the hospital stay and the stress of having atrial-fibrillation. Thanks to all of you for sharing that its this medicine."
"This stuff works fantastically well.  I am a 30 year old female with adult onset acne. I have been struggling with cysts, nodules, and pustules for eight months, exclusively on my chin.  I was using a Retin-A 0.025% product but it wasn&#039;t enough.  I started taking Benzaclin around the same time as Yaz (birth control) and Minocycline (antibiotic) and the combination cleared me in a month.  The Benzaclin stands out in my regime because it single-handedly dried up all of my large pimples upon first use (I noticed a dramatic improvement the next day, and then every day after that).  It will take a bit for all the current pimples to heal themselves (and some may surface over the first two weeks) but you should notice improvements right away!"
"After I had my son, 6 weeks later I got the implant. I thought it was a great idea. (I have always been fit and was able to lose weight with no problem). After the implant, I bled for 3 months STRAIGHT. Doctor said this was normal. It eventually died down. During those 3 months I also gained 30 pounds! I would work out 6 days a week, health diet. I have lost nothing. I bleed for months at a time. Horrible cramps and headaches. So moody. And tired. I&#039;m not pregnant though. 
Needless to say, the implant will be removed in a few days after having it for 2 years. 
Use at your own risk. Works for some, but not all. Good luck. Hope this helps."
"wonderful medicine  really help me when i was prego and now with my gastritis nausea"
"I take 80mg 3 times a day. Before taking this medicine I spent almost two years in a bed due to the pain levels I would reach when standing or walking on my foot. After my doctor switched me to Oxycontin for long term use my whole life changed. I now have been taking this medicine for over 10 years and I don&#039;t know how I could have survived without it. "
"This is my 2nd post. Today makes 4 weeks and total I have lost is 13 lbs so it averages to 3.25 per week, I still work out at least 4 x per week maybe more. I am making lifestyle changes and still doing weight watchers to keep track of my points. My goal is to be on better choices so that when its time to stop taking the medicines I will not gain any of it back. I will post again in another few weeks. Good luck everyone."
"I was this drug for 6 months, the process was horrible. I had dry skin, muscle aches, and the worst thing, no visible improvement. The very last month I noticed my skin was a little more clear than usual, but still not acne free. Then in the last week of my medication I cleared up and after I stopped the medication I was pimple free. It has been a year now and I hardly EVER have a pimple! I went from severe acne to nothing! Stick with it till the end! Your self confidence will thank you in the future."
"I am 18 years old and I got Skyla January of 2015 (it is now October) and I absolutely love it. I had never taken any kind of birth control before and my parents wanted to put me on whatever I wanted so i did some research and got an IUD. It hurt going in but it was over in seconds. Had some cramps the first few weeks but now its october i haven&#039;t had cramps in months and my periods are pretty regular. I had a long term boyfriend and he ejaculated in me every single time we&#039;ve had sex (over 100) and I have never had a pregnancy scare. I trust Skyla completely! WOULD RECOMMEND!"
"My doctor put me on this I have been on it for one month I don&#039;t feel anxious or panic anymore."
"I have been suffering from depression after losing the love of my life.. The situation was unreal I could not understand my thoughts , I failed Uni , and couldn&#039;t even concentrate in any activities . 
I had to seek for help to continue to have a life , my Dr. Prescribed Zoloft same day I was  the old me , I could not believe I was scared to admit I was not weak but I was sick , best decision I ever made , I got my life back , using for 3 weeks only .do yourself a favour ask your Doctors about it . Good Luck"
"Chantix is the tobacco companies worst nightmare! I smoked for 14 years and probably tried to quit 100 times since (cold turkey, gum, patch...you name it). This medicine has made the difference. Before prescribing it to me, my doctor asked if I was REALLY ready to quit. The reason being that nothing (not even this medicine) will help you quit if you don&#039;t really want to. I do. I&#039;ve been on it for three weeks, quit for two. During the first week, I smoked, but I noticed my urge to smoke decreased a lot. Side effects: mild nausea (take it with food) and that&#039;s about it. I still get cravings, but the part of me that wants to quit is now stronger. I know I have Chantix to thank for that. If you&#039;re ready to quit, try this."
"I am a retired teacher with a long history of migraines.  Because of a heart condition, there were many medications I could not take.  I suffered through many days taking mostly over the counter medicines.  I was put on Topamax 10 months ago.  At 100 mg a day, I was so stupid I could never have run a classroom.  I could not do simple math problems or remember the names of streets nearby my home.  The huge relief of not having migraines made it almost worth it.  After all, I was now retired and did not have to be as sharp as I once was.  It was a tough decision .  My family was frustrated too with my huge brain fog.  I also had the tingling and taste changes but they are easy to adjust to.  I recently weaned myself down to 50mg a day and its working well."
"This medicine is a God send. I&#039;ve tried every sleeping pill in the book (Ambien, Trazodone, Seroquel, Elavil, ETC.) None of them would keep me asleep the whole night. 10mg of this and I sleep like a baby and don&#039;t have the racing thoughts. Only problem is it&#039;s real hard to get out of bed and get moving."
"Within 40 minutes I was in the bathroom with profuse sweating and intense abdominal pain.  It is now 5 hours later and the abdominal pain is still there.  I wouldn&#039;t wish this on my worst enemy. Please take this off the market !"
"I got a mild yeast infection 2 weeks after I had finished an antibiotic for bv.. I inserted the Monistat 1 at around 11pm and went to bed directly following insertion.. I was rudely awaken at 2am with intensive itching and burning more so than I had before I had used the product. I was literally sobbing in so much pain. I proceeding to soak in a cool bath which seemed to help the itching and burning"
"PEOPLE PLEASE DONT COME HERE TO GET FEAR INSTILLED IN YOU ABOUT THIS MEDICINE. Other People experiences may NOT EVER happen to you. I didn&#039;t take it for a whole year because of these kind of websites.. Let&#039;s put this out there I DO NOT LIVE A HEALTHY LIFESTYLE. I eat fried food, I eat out a lot (hence, why I think I got the bacteria) I barely workout and I&#039;m considered overweight. (NOT BRAGGING JUST BEING TRUTHFUL) And the medicine still worked for me. If your dealing with horrific side effects 9/10 you we&#039;re probably dealt with those things one or another without medication. For the nausea (eat 1/2 a toast before taking it) For the insomnia ( don&#039;t take it right before you go to bed 2-3 hours in advance) Metal taste goes away after you eat"
"I suffered with Migraines since I was about 12. I am now 36. My migraine attacks went from moderate to severe after the birth of my daughter. I would get attacks which would last for 10 days and would mimic symptoms of a stroke. I tried Sandomigran which I gained 8 kg in 3 weeks. Topamax was far worse which felt like my whole body was burning. I&#039;m now on a combination of Zoloft 100 mg and Elavil starting at 10 mg. Generally you&#039;re not supposed to mix the 2 because it can cause &quot;serotonin syndrome&quot; which can be life threatening. However my neurologist and psychiatrist are keeping a close eye on me. So far Elavil has had the least side effects. I started on 10 mg and will double dose in 2 weeks. I did notice less neck and head pain."
"I was put on a combination of sertraline and Xanax for panic disorder with agoraphobia. The physical symptoms were what troubled me the most: constant nausea, urge to go to the bathroom when outside the house, constant mild dizziness etc. The Xanax helped in the short term, although I tried to take it as rarely as possible. As for the sertraline, I noticed an increase in anxiety and mild panic attacks in the first week. After that, I started to feel much better. I&#039;m still nowhere near my &#039;usual&#039; self, but I&#039;ll see how the med works as more time passes."
"I have been taking lexapro for 3 months now and I have definitely seen a noticeable difference as have my coworkers. I am taking a very small dose, only 5mg, and I am 5&#039;5 120lbs. I was prescribed it after talking to my doctor about the anger and anxiety I had been feeling. I would get so angry about small things and even though I could tell I was being ridiculous I couldn&#039;t stop myself. I felt like it was affecting my relationship and productivity at work. Although it has not completely gone away and I still feel like I struggle from depression, I have been told by people that I seem happier and I haven&#039;t felt such anxiety that I can&#039;t focus on anything else in awhile."
"So I just got my IUD inserted a few hours ago. I&#039;m 17 with no children. So about a week after consultation, the day arrived. I took naproxen about 8 hrs ahead of time and even took some before I went in so the cramps wouldn&#039;t hit me immediately afterwards. So the procedure itself wasn&#039;t terrible. I&#039;ve had period cramps worse than that. The worst part were the clamps that opened my cervix, but I was fine. I was just finishing my period so I recommend getting this procedure done when you&#039;re either on your period or just after it. Honestly, it wasn&#039;t terrible. I&#039;ve taken more naproxen and am chilling with a heating pad. There is a bit of spotting but nothing to bad. I&#039;ll update when I get my period."
"I have had a terrible time on this! I&#039;m not taking anymore after this month. Emotionally I have been everywhere from crying over everything to wanting to be alone all the time. Depression has been awful and my boobs have been sore for a month. Everyone keeps telling me I&#039;m all the sudden acting crazy and I believe it. I definitely dont recommend this pill!"
"I just got my skyla in. Now I&#039;m a 15 year old girl. It hurt getting put in. But the side effects of constant nausea and cramping is the worst. But my mom said it&#039;ll get better, just give it time. I need tips for how to get rid of the cramping because I&#039;m having trouble sleeping now and nothing is working."
"As I understand gabapentin, it was originally used to treat seizures but helps to keep you asleep but not necessarily, put you to sleep. My doctor is very wise but also very conservative but felt it is a rather benign drug so added it to my ambien. The combo has been very effective in giving me a full nights sleep. I live in Washington state so was encouraged by my naturopath to try medical marijuana. I take a capsule with THC only (no CBD as its about $5/pill) and it has been a Godsend with no discernible side effects.  I sleep like a baby. I still add about 200 mg gaba to keep me asleep. My only problem with gaba is I have blurred vision the next day. I understand from the fine print that this can be a side effect."
"Started the end of February.  First day was a little woozy so  next day I just did half dose.  Third day tried whole dose again and was just fine.  March I started counting calories with Fitness Pal.  May 1st I began my Whole30 program which I definitely recommend to everyone.  To date June 24 I&#039;ve lost 45 pounds.  Belviq is great.  Highly recommend.  What it has done for me is allow me to focus on what, when and why I&#039;m eating.  It gives you the power to master your food decisions.  Tip:  if your insurance doesn&#039;t cover it, go to the Belviq website and get their card that makes it $75 a month to buy this prescription."
"Just recently switched from vagifem to Yuvafem and find the new generic Yuvafem ineffective and more difficult to use. The packaging alone is unacceptable. Individual applicators cannot be separated; perforations are useless, but the foil wrapping is sharp after opening and I received a one inch cut on one of my fingers!! The medication itself is different and does not seem to work.  It cause more discharge and other unpleasant changes. No wonder it is cheaper. I am asking my doctor for name brand only (Vagifem) prescription."
"For me this has been the worse medicine in the world.  I took it four days and thought I would be crazy. I hate going to the hospital  but I couldn&#039;t handle it any longer.  Wow I felt so depressed, so sad, terrible but my friend told me stop this medicine and drink hot tea black tea. I did four times wow I felt another person ,"
"The Dr. office brought in a &quot;specialist&quot; to insert the Nexplanon.  My arm turned blue and I was in horrible pain.  I called the office and they said that was normal.  My arm never stopped hurting.  I tried to have it removed sooner but, the Dr. office said I needed to wait out the term.  I bled non-stop until they prescribed the oral contraceptive to take daily.  I was definitely protected from getting pregnant (because I had to be on 2 birth controls) When I went in to have the NP removed (3 ys ltr) they could not find it, even with ultrasound.  Sent me to a surgeon who also had a lot of trouble finding it!!  In fact mistook my median nerve for the NP and now I cant move my left arm!!! &quot;Specialist&quot; inserted wrong and refuses to take blame!"
"I have just taken the nuvaring out (cannot get hold of doctor until monday) as the first month on it I found my mood changed. Got very angry arguing with my SO and blowing up over very minute things. Thought I&#039;d try for a second month but within 2 days I found myself emotional waking up crying for no reason irritable depressed.  So on my day I will go back to the drawing board with my doctor. Apart from the mods I&#039;ve had no other symptoms but the are too server for me to deal with."
"Lexapro has been amazing. I went through tragedy on 9/11 losing my wife. Doctors pumped me with so many medications. Multiple suicide attempts. I have been fortunate enough to start a new life with a new wife. We share her 3 sons and our daughter together. Lexapro has eliminated my anger, mood swings and has allowed me to live again."
"I&#039;m 26 years old, healthy, 128 lbs, never been pregnant, but I was an egg donor 4x.  I have been off of birth control for about 4 years. My insertion was not a great experience. I forgot to take ibuprofen, and all I had was 2 Tylenol in my car. I also didn&#039;t eat breakfast. Felt the needle and some pressure, followed by a few cramps. It wasn&#039;t unbearable, just uncomfortable for 5 minutes. I got very dizzy and hot and bled a lot after. I wish I had taken the day off because I was bloated and just uncomfortable all day. Also had to wear a pad. The first week was just annoying with the spotting and cramping. I&#039;m 2 weeks in, and still spotting with random cramping. Sex life is so much better without worrying about birth control/pregnancy!"
"So far having given it to my son positive effects. He took 2 tabs, then 2 weeks later 2 tabs again. Extra sleepy and poor appetite have been only side effects noticed at this time. Continuing to monitor"
"This medication works great for anxiety stress and panic attacks, so glad."
"I&#039;ve been taking 10mg for several months now, for chronic itching. It has helped ALOT although it has not gone away my doctor told me it will take time but eventually it will get better. It makes me very drowsy but I&#039;ve gotten use to it now"
"I took this medication last year and had NO side effects.  The relief of my herniated disks(4) was completely gone for 11 months.  I would recommend it to anyone with sciatic nerve pain."
"Injured my wrist 6 years ago playing raquetball and later diagnosed with RSD. After  EVERY drug know to man, physical therapy, and extreme pain, I was finally reffered to the pain clinic. After explaining what I had been going through for 6 years, I was put on MS Contin at first then switched to Oxycontin 10mg X 2 a day. WOW. I can function almost like normal."
"Had this for 1 year &amp; 1 month to be exact. First 5 months were horrible. Irregular periods &amp; I always felt like I was pregnant, but as months went past... my periods became regular again &amp; I always forget I have it in my arm. Very effective, really does prevent pregnancy! My only concern is when it&#039;s time to come out, I&#039;ve seen too many videos where it was hard for it to come out."
"I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. I&#039;m 33 years old and have a son. I would panic everytime he wasn&#039;t with me. I would think of the craziest &quot;what ifs&quot; that could happen. I got to the point I couldn&#039;t even drive on the highway because I might get into an accident. I was prescribed zoloft at 25mg for six weeks...I felt nauseous for a couple days but was fine. Then I was put up to 50mg for another six weeks. I was really tired and my anxiety spiked but I stuck it out. Now I&#039;m on 100mg. Have been for 2 weeks. Not a single anxiety attack. I feel less tired but still get sleepy through out the day. My son can be at school, out swimming or doing other kid things and my mind doesn&#039;t head straight to horrible what if thoughts. Yay!!"
"Urologist prescribed Cipro 250 mg for 30 days for elevated PSA.  Stopped taking it after two weeks due to side effects and after researching PSA testing.  The side effects were scary and horrible.  Back, neck and shoulder discomfort, tiredness, unable to concentrate.  Still have some lingering neck and back discomfort even after 3 days of not taking cipro.  
Stay away from Cipro and especially urologists who prescribe Cipro and similar medication for elevated PSA and insisting on additional PSA tests.  Research PSA testing.  PSA testing cannot tell whether a man would have prostate cancer or what type of prostate cancer.  PSA testing is an insidious way for profit hungry urologists to recommend prostate biopsy, which will ruin life."
"A great medicine. I&#039;m on 40 mg daily due to the feeling of my food being stuck in my throat. It was so bad at one time that I purposely made myself vomit for relief. After having my esophagus looked at - and finding out I also have a small hiatal hernia, doctor said my &quot;flapper&quot; doesn&#039;t close, or stay closed. So here I am religiously taking this medicine and mostly loving life. If you miss a day you will again feel miserable. I will say that over the years I have experienced &quot;breakthrough&quot; reflux at one time or another but never for a second day. Very happy."
"I take about 2-4 mg a day of Klonopin. It makes me tired sometimes, but it works better than the anti-anxiety (depression) pills like Paxil and Prozac. I&#039;m a recovering heroin addict and doctors hate to treat you like a regular patient.  I&#039;ve been clean now for 4 years but my addiction will follow me for the rest of my life.  If that&#039;s the penance for staying clean, I&#039;ll take it."
"I took the metro gel for bv for 14 days and on the 12th day I started to get itching and burning and my doctor prescribed me 2 tablets of fluconazole for a yeast infection. I&#039;ve had a yeast infection in the past and was told to use monistat 7, which burned and itched so bad, so this compared to that is 100% better. I took my first tablet yesterday and used the applicator from the metro gel to insert plain greek yogurt up there and as of now there is no itching and 95% less discharge! I still have burning which will hopefully go away soon."
"I started Belviq thanks to my mom. She had been taking Belviq and already lost a considerable amount of weight. I visited her doctor and I&#039;ve now been taking Belviq for 2 weeks. My cravings are almost gone; I&#039;m able to resist food and control my urges. Side effects are non existent."
"My mother has stage 4 breast cancer with metastatic bone lesions... oncologist put her on ibrance but she developed neutropenia (low white cell count) and caught viral pneumonia! She has had nausea and diarrhea for past 3 weeks and we are sitting in ER right now... tried all anti-nausea meds and none have worked. It was a cascading effect of Ibrance and so she decided she is off all pills! Oncologist washed his hands of her when she said no more Ibrance..."
"I too experienced the hell that other reviews spoke of , severe cramping , dry heaving , light headedness I had to open the bathroom door so my husband could find me if I fainted..this drug is terrible and should be taken off the shelves or they need to revise their side effects.  I kicked heroin cold turkey at home 2 years ago and I SWEAR this little red devil gave me deja vu I had the exact same symptoms. Absolutely nothing gentle about it"
"Even though concerts has been helping me in school, I still get a lot of the side effects. The biggest one is that I am never hungry and now I am underweight. I still recommend you this medication because it has helped me improve my grades in school."
"I was diagnosed with Pseudotumor Cerebri 2 weeks ago after experiencing blurry vision and dizziness for sometime.  I got an eye exam done and they saw I had a swollen optic nerve. The neurologist prescribed Diamox., told me to lose weight and stop birth control.  I noticed within about 2 days of taking the medication the blurred vision is completely gone.  Dr. told me to ease into the meds. starting 1/2 a 250 mg pill 2x/day for week, then 1 250mg pill 2x/day for week then if symptoms persist take 3 250mg pill 3x/day.  This helped getting me used to the side effects so far I have the tingling in fingers and sometimes mouth.  I pee alot but am trying to lose weight so drinking lots of water and eating healthy and no pop is likely helping to."
"I had a couple surgeries on my jaw where I could not open it fully for an extended period of time. I am already semi-allergic to pain meds / anesthesia (excessive vomiting and nausea) so I was terrified to take my pain killers after surgery. The nurse / doctor recommended taking a couple Benadryl tablets (25mg) before the pain meds and it worked wonders! The only side effect is drowsiness."
"I have been using testim for 6 years now due to endocrine induced low testosterone count. Overall it has increased my libido and the smell is great to women. 
I take half tube per day (about 25mg). However, I experience joint pain all the time notably on my fingers obviously used to rub the stuff on my shoulders. I also feel pain under my feet. Getting up and trying to walk in the morning is a struggle. The symptoms disappear after 15-20 minutes. And the joint pain is less noticeable in summer when it&#039;s warmer. 
Last year I slipped and fell on my shoulder resulting in a comminuted fracture. I&#039;m worried testim might be causing osteoporosis. My endocrinologist and Dr are aware of my symptoms but haven&#039;t offered any explanation to date."
"I have been taking 2000 mg of Keppra a day for about 8 years now. I think that it is working good. I even took it when I was pregnant and thank goodness my baby came out fine.  Think that there needs to be other information for woman who may want to have a child but are afraid to have a child due to seizures."
"I have been taking Ambien for about 3 years. I have Anxiety disorder and have had trouble getting to sleep as long as I remember. I worked night shifts because it was easier. After I had kids, I had to become a day person! I had terrible nights of falling asleep at 3-4 am after tossing and turning. I used Benadryl for several years and one night it turned on me, I had anxiety attacks, muscle spasm &amp; ridgidity. My doctor gave me Lexapro, because I had depression at that time as well. I hated it and how numb I always felt. Then he prescribed Ambien. I cut the pill in half. It doesnt knock me out, it just turns my brain to slow and sleepy. I sleep like a baby. I wake very happy and alert. No more depression either."
"Nice."
"Been on saxenda for a week. And lost 8 pounds. Was little constipated, a little sleepy, and not my normal appetite. So far I am pleased. Can&#039;t wait to see what happens in future."
"Due to an elevated cholesterol my doctor started me with Crestor 5mg that was quickly increased to 10mg. My LDL almost halved, while triglycerides doubled and total cholesterol fell from 7.2 to 4.6. For 3 years regular liver function tests said all was OK. An acute event marked by fever, muscle aches, headache, dark urine, inability to sleep and total loss of appetite prompted my doctor to order blood tests, an X-ray, ultrasound and CT scan. I stopped taking Crestor immediately. Outcome of numerous tests could not apportion blame to flu, mosquito borne causes, etc. Tests did show liver function had been walloped. Liver was diagnosed as fatty and enlarged - several markers had risen alarmingly! A month later and liver function is much better."
"Ever since I started using Nexplanon I&#039;ve been bleeding NON STOP &amp; it&#039;s extremely heavy. I had 2 days with no bleeding and on the 3rd I started again. I&#039;m thinking about getting it taken out unless I can talk to my doctor about a way around the bleeding."
"This medication from day 1 made me feel not so good but week 3 I already have breast buds and fat on hips. Love this pill"
"this is magic I used it last night &amp; i had mad  sex with my wife im 40 last 3 years I had ED problem its resolved from this magic tablet the order was easy  1 star taken coz of the price &pound;30 for 4 table 50mg I didnt have any side effects after sex I slept like a baby I&#039;m happy &amp; more confident man now"
"I was given this medication along with a antibiotc to treat a UTI caused by a kidney stone. I experienced a lot of muscle weakness and fatigue and missed work because of it. I won&#039;t finish this medication. I also experienced some dizziness and what felt like heart palpitations. I only took it once."
"I have been on Nexplanon for almost 3 months. I have had one normal period (3 to 7 days). I got on my period again almost 2 months ago and I am still on! I am not used to this at all. Before this medicine, my periods only last a maximum of 4 days! It has been on almost 2 months now! I am buying tampons after tampons and it definitely horrible if you are in a relationship! To be honest that and a little bit of weight gain are my only side effects (and the weight issue I&#039;m ok with because I am a slender woman) but this period issue is just too much and if it wasn&#039;t for that issue, I WOULD LOVE THIS BIRTH CONTROL BUT I CAN&#039;T DO THIS TO MY BODY! All this heavy bleeding! I just can&#039;t do it anymore. So unfortunately I am going to get it taken out."
"I want to thank the people responsible for the creation and distribution of this product! I am so so so happy and satisfied. I want to share my story with the world. I want to show my pictures of my results to everyone! This products is a true blessing and I do not regret taking a single pill. My skin looks fabulous! Thank you!"
"I switched to lolo because of unbearable side effects with a pill with higher dose of estrin. I have now been using it for a little over a year. I am the most stable emotionally, my skin is the most clear, and my period is super light and lasts about two days. It took about three months  at first for the break through bleeding to stop and I don&#039;t always get a monthly period, but it doesn&#039;t stress me out because I&#039;m good at taking the pill everyday. Also, I had a bit of nausea the fist week I was on it and my skin was more oily. The nausea went away on its own and I switched to a different face wash- so over all the adjustment was really smooth."
"I&#039;m almost finishing my second pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and so far not very many problems! The first couple weeks of taking it I had really bad headaches and I&#039;ve gained maybe 2 lbs, my weight does change from time to time anyway! I&#039;ve have one period which was very light and haven&#039;t had any other side affects! I would recommend Lo Loestrin Fe."
"I started taking this medication for heavy bleeding. I was having periods that lasted 9 - 10 days it went to 2 weeks, then 3 weeks, now a month and counting. I noticed that when I skipped a dose or 2 the bleeding decreased. So I did some research and found that one of the side effects was increased bleeding. I also had night sweats and felt thirsty all the time like I was dehydrated. An ablation has been recommended but now I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s needed due to the side effects."
"When taking this medication I developed a fever, reddening of the eyes even more pain and I wasn&#039;t able to hold anything down which ended up in a prolonged stay in the hospital."
"I used to take Combivent aerosol inhaler and it was wonderful. They decided to make it non aerosol and it does not work. First off anyone without two hands, or arthritis, or wrist issues could not even work the inhaler thats WRONG. I have 2 good hands, thank goodness, but The inhaler malfunctions all the time. At first lots comes out, then slowly less and less over a month until I get no med. it doesn&#039;t help like it used to. Clogs up. Runs out before it says empty due to waste because of design flaws. I hate it. I don&#039;t even pay for it! Those paying hundreds-thats messed up its not worth $10 now."
"I am 22 years old and have had 2 micro-disc surgeries on the L5. The first on 1/19/04, the second on 7/19/04. I&#039;m 5&#039;10&quot; 125lbs. For a couple years I relied heavily on Ibuprofen due to lack of insurance, and was taking 8-16 a day depending on weather conditions and working conditions. I now have insurance and have been taking vicodin 500mg up to 3 times a day for almost a year now and live a more painfree life."
"I used nexplanon for 3 years and looking back I strongly regret it. My first month seemed normal followed by being on my period for 4 month without stopping. After the periods became less frequent my weight started constantly fluctuated all cycling around my period. I&#039;ve gained 30 pounds over these 3 years and I eat healthy and exercise. Additionally, I&#039;ve had terrible mood swings and thoughts of suicide. I never had it taken out because it was nice not having to worry about taking a pill or having something inserted vaginally. I&#039;m having it taken out in 2 days and could not be happier. I do not recommend this at all."
"I had the Mirena fitted as nothing else worked for me. I&#039;ve had 3 babies full term. Can honestly say the insertion didn&#039;t hurt I hardly felt a thing. Had quite bad cramps afterwards and light spotting but not too bad. Highly recommended to all."
"This is a great medication for ulcer pain. But there is one major side effect that is intolerable, constipation. After using it for two days my stool was so hard that it took 2 Fleet water enema&#039;s and a mineral oil enema just to get the stool down. "
"I really wanted to have a more positive experience on Errin, but it just wasn&#039;t a good fit for me. After a month bi-weekly periods, I started spotting every other week and as a result it felt like I was constantly PMSing. I gained about 8 pounds of water weight and I felt uncomfortable and bloated almost all day every day. Lastly, I just didn&#039;t feel like myself on Errin. I would get very inconvenienced by small things, it made me very emotional, and it was even hard to get out of bed in the morning some days. It also kept my psoriasis breakouts pretty constant. 

I asked my doc if I could take some time off instead of starting a new pack and within 5 days I was back to a normal weight, skin cleared, and felt like myself."
"I was diagnosed with uterine fibroids and an ovarian cyst a few months ago. I went to a PCP and she prescribed a low-dose progestin pill to see if that would stop the bleeding. A month or so went by and it had very little effect on my bleeding, and one day I was bleeding so much I had to go to the ER. The ER doc prescribed Mononessa--4 pills a day for 4 days, then 3 for 3 days, then 2, etc. and that stopped the bleeding ASAP. I am still taking Mononessa, the regular dose, not triple the amount, and have surgery scheduled, but I think I will still take these. My periods are regular again, like they were before the fibroids, and I have not seen much weight gain, only 3 or so lbs but I was anemic and underweight before."
"It was the worse experience ever. I took it and couldn&#039;t sleep all night. I cried for hours and even called the emergency hotline. I had muscle stiffness, excessive yawning, nausea, and twitching. So far the worse medication I&#039;ve ever taken"
"I suffered with &quot;nervous stomach&quot; for years and did not know it. I tried everything over the counter and then some Vistaril has dramatically changed my life ."
"I must admit there were times I was constipated but take into consideration that constipation is NORMAL during pregnancy! This prenatal is one of the best in my opinion and at 27 weeks my healthy baby girl is kicking like there&#039;s no tomorrow! No problems thus far, just a healthy baby and pregnancy to show for it."
"This medication is terrible. I have been running a low grade fever and have had dizzy spells and ended up in the ER with a bp spike and chest pains now at 39 I have to have a stress test done. I have only been taking this for 5 days and last night after my ER visit I took my clonodine and my bp has been fine all day....never again will I take this medicine."
"I&#039;ve been on lutera for about 5 months now. I am a very active 20 year old college student 5&#039;4 and 130 pounds when I started the pill. At first it really helped with my endometriosis (reason for taking), no mood swings and I felt great! Now within the past 3 months I&#039;ve noticed my mood swings are getting out of control and I don&#039;t even want to go near a scale because I know I&#039;ve gained at least 30 pounds.. Yes that much weight.  I&#039;m a marathon runner and there should be no reason for this weight gain. My side effects have been a late onset. I am going off of the pill to try and loose weight and reset my body before I try anything else."
"Had to stop after 2 days because of severe side effect (dry throat, painful and swollen lips and dry mouth)."
"Although the pain relief was good the side effects were horrible. Rashes from adhesive. Disorientation, brain fog, hyper-anxiety. Ended up in ER after using for 8 days."
"I have a bacterial infection in my face due to an infected tooth and was prescribed this medication. I have been taking the medication now for 52 hours and have no sign of relief. I just hope its working. I cant take the pressure on the left side of my head for much longer before a visit to the ER."
"I got on this birth control around 6 months ago. I had no problems. It took about three months to adjust. I don&#039;t get periods on it. Unfortunately after 3 months I began putting on weight rapidly (around 15 lbs in two months) which is a lot for my small frame. Despite working out 6 days a week and eating clean, I could not lose the weight. Other than the weight gain this was a great pill. The only reason I&#039;m changing is because of the severe weight gain."
"9 rating based entirely how easy it was to have placed and its efficacy. 

BUT....I had the most severe side effects you can imagine. The first five weeks were a breeze except for some light spotting. But to the day on the 6th week, this this is when the dosage of the progestin reaches it&#039;s max level by the way, I awoke with blurred vision, dizzy, slight headache and nauseated.  For the next 5 wks I had these symptoms with the only change being the severity of the headache from low grade to migraine and as the duration increased I became moody and extremely depressed, I could barely function. I saw multiple drs. no one figured it out I finally researched the implant more closely and called my OB and it was removed that day."
"I&#039;ve had a lifelong experience (I&#039;m 45 now) of anorexia, bulimia, and binge-eating.  This medication has helped me tremendously.  Side effects at first were feeling high and running around 100mph everywhere.  I took Xanax as prescribed (been taking it for 20 yrs.) and it curbed that feeling within days.  Experience dry mouth at times so I just drink lots of water (which is great for us anyway, right?!)  I don&#039;t think about food like I used to, in fact, there are times I forget to eat.  I love the medication because it also makes me feel in a very good mood &amp; not uptight about the little things.  I take 30mg @ 9am &amp; 30mg @ 5pm because it wears off after 6hrs for me.  So long to discover but worth the wait!"
"My 9 year old son was placed on this medication a few weeks ago because of violent outbursts, agitation, insomnia and anxiety.  He has high functioning autism. He had been placed on Respiradol with few improvements.  Zypreza has been a game changer for my son Jake.  He takes 5mg about an hour before bed. He is sleeping through the night (in 9 years he has never slept through the night).  He is happy and content. No more violent out bursts. He is eating non stop (he would barely eat prior to medication).  Very happy with the results that Jake is seeing on this medication and he has had no side effects outside of being hungry and eating more."
"I started out sooo pro-Nexplanon. I got it inserted in Jan. 2016 and it was great. In June 2016 I got diagnosed with major depression and anxiety, which I have never struggled with before. Since then I&#039;ve felt un-human. Detached, emotionless, fatigued, I haven&#039;t felt love for something in over a year. I figured it was just bad luck until a couple of weeks ago when my body started rejecting every thing I ate. I&#039;m choking down mashed potatoes as I type, but I know they&#039;ll come back up later. 

I looked into other reviews and I guess severe depression and constant nausea are two common things with Nexplanon. I&#039;ll be getting it removed ASAP :("
"Been on it for 7 years. Works well for me, but I should find a better long term solution. Almost no flare ups. Minimal side effects since it&#039;s only a locally absorbed steroid."
"Was on Copaxone for about a year with little to no changes. Still had progressions and got 8 new lesions during that time. My neuro changed me over to Cytoxon IV for once a month long with the Copxone. Have had no new lesions since being on this combination. She only uses Cytoxon for a year and then have to choose a new treatment option. "
"I have been taking Geodon for three and half years. I take 20 mg spread out over 5 to 6 times a day in combination with Wellbutrin. I have lost almost 90 lbs which I had put on from previous Abilify use. It really keeps my mood stable and I have been able to keep a job and participate in life. The most bothersome side effects I have found are getting light headed easily and when my dose wears off everything moves at a very fast pace. I have tried other medications for bipolar but this really helps the most."
"I am 14 in 9th grade and it&#039;s my first day after I applied it. It worked til about the 3rd hour class, then started to sweat a little. Not so much people noticed, but I am super self-conscious and was paranoid. I hope it gets better for gym the next day. Since the beginning of last year, I had to wear sweaters every day or I&#039;d have soaked underarms. Today I wore only a plaid over shirt, and barely sweat. again, hope for better results soon!"
"In 1993 I was put on this medication and told to take 4 tablets daily. 3 days later I had the worst headache of my life. The following day with the headache I couldn&#039;t stop throwing up. Called DR-said I had the flu take 1/2 a tablet 6 times a day. I got worse;called DR again, he told me to take 1/2 tablet 4 times a day.
Continuing to get worse on the 7th day I crawled up the stairs and pounded on neighbor&#039;s door and said &quot;please take me to the hospital, I am dying&quot; The last thing I remember was getting in the car. 5 days later I woke up in the hospital, I was told I was lucky to be alive. When I looked in the mirror and my eyes were pure blood. I was told the pressure in my head burst all the blood vessels in my eyes."
"I&#039;ve been taking 100 mg of Doxycycline twice a day for 8 days now and I feel worse than when I started.  Now in addition to the upper respiratory infection, I have terrible vertigo (side effect of Doxycycline)."
"Was in pure agony 24/7 with BMS for about 2 1/2 months.  Tried &#039;magic mouthwash&#039;, but it only lasts an hour and was supposed to be used every 4 hours, so I went through the bottle in no time.  Went through a bottle of Chloraseptic every 4-5 days.  Took extra vitamins, went on Alpha Lipoic Acid, tried everything I could find suggested online.  Then finally asked my doctor for clonazapam.  I could tell when the first pill dissolved in my mouth it was going to help.  Now I&#039;m just trying to get the dosage right.  BMS  is about 80% better.  I get 1 mg up to 3 times a day.  I can easily take all 3 just to sleep at night.  Should I ask for a higher dosage? Taking them this way leaves me with nothing for the daytime, and nothing for anxiety."
"Second month on Sprintec; went on birth control pill because I hadn&#039;t had my period for almost a year (extreme stress, low BMI/hormone levels). Overall it&#039;s been better than expected. I was a bit nauseous the first few days after taking the pill, and initially it killed my appetite. Weeks two and three, I retained water; breasts felt pillowy; appetite went up; felt really tight and uncomfortable. But my period came right on schedule, without any cramps or heavy bleeding. Score!

I&#039;ve gained a few lbs, but it feels/looks like water weight only. I know this will improve as my body adjusts to the hormones, but right now it&#039;s pretty annoying. Otherwise I feel so much more like &quot;myself&quot; than I have in awhile, so I&#039;ll take it."
"I&#039;ve been taking 1 mg of Klonopin for a year now and have tried so many others. It works better then anything I&#039;ve had. I have very bad anxiety which just comes out of no where. Also had a problem with just being in public and now I can. I wouldn&#039;t make it without it."
"Taken exactly as instructed. Not effective at all. Procedure rescheduled."
"I had Rituximab treatment over four weeks for a lymphoma on my newly (three months) transplanted kidney. The result was total remission, which truly amazed me. It&#039;s almost three years now, and I often think about what situation I&#039;d be in if it hadn&#039;t been detected purely by chance."
"Diagnosed with Chiari Type 1 and Pseudotumor Cerebri in 2008. Started diamox and it changed my life. Within days I was feeling so much relief. Over time, my dose went up and the next move was an LP shunt which has worked wonders for almost 8 years. It&#039;s starting to fail now so my revision is scheduled and I&#039;m back on diamox in the meantime. Yet again, symptoms under control with it. Yes I have weird tingling in my face hands and legs, and I can&#039;t drink carbonated beverages, oh well - I&#039;m thankful to be functioning and not nauseous and dizzy and disoriented all day long. Diamox is the best thing other than my shunt for this disease. Very thankful for it."
"I wish I could tell you what it is like after my husband STOPS taking Keprra. For my husband and I this has been worse than his hit to the head. Major mood swings,can&#039;t sleep, can&#039;t eat, anxiety and more. It has been horrible. The thing is everybody is different, but if you are taking Keppra and these are happening to you speak with your doctor asap and try something else. It has been hard!!!!"
"I have had chronic insomnia for over 25 years and have tried every sleeping pill, antidepressant, 4 sleep studies and nothing has worked.  I decided to try 25 mg of Seroquel and am finally getting some good sleep!  I have to keep good sleep habits to make sure I get the benefit of this medication though.  I feel renewed!"
"It doesn&#039;t work. Waste of money. I should have gone for the generic brand. It said just one spray but I do 3 sprays and still doesn&#039;t work. I like the new flavor though but it says to spit out after 15 seconds. Sometimes I accidentally swallow some. Hope it&#039;s not dangerous."
"One day after I started using the spray, I broke out in red dots around my arm pits. Did not pay attention and another day later my whole body was covered with red dots. My doctor advised I interrupt using Astepro and four days later I only see a small improvements in my skin condition. Asterpro is definitely not for me."
"Went to the ER for a headache along with depression and was given compazine threw an IV an has been feeling detached from reality every since last year of november anybody else feels this way after taking this medicine and what do I need to do to get back to NORMAL all I do is cry and wonder why the doctors didnt warn me before taking this "
"I have taken alprazolam for about 2 weeks now and it has really helped control my anxiety.  I had my first panic attack and then started getting them everyday and they would last all day.  For the first 3 or 4 days I had to take alprazolam every 5 hours (3 times a day).  Then I would get the panic attacks when I woke up (9 am) and then around 5pm, so then I took 2 pills a day for about 4 days.  Now I am down to one pill in the morning because I keep waking up with anxiety.  The alprazolam works in the first 20 minutess but my anxiety gets a little worse when I take it and then it gets so much better!  The downside is the bad taste, causes drowsiness, loss of appetite and weight, and is highly addictive.  Great for temporary relief!"
"Just finishing up my first pack. NEVER have I had this heavy of a period. Changing super plus tampons every 3-4 hours. Plus I&#039;ve had almost a constant period for the entire first and last months. That, on top of the (what seems irreversible) weight gain and mood swings, has made this experience HORRIBLE. I&#039;m not giving up hope that it may get better, but so far it&#039;s been absolutely awful. Will write another(hopefully better) review when finished with the second pack. So far though, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND."
"I&#039;m about to have my Nexplanon taken out as it&#039;s the end of my three years. Would I recommend this to someone else? Eh. For the first (literally) two years the periods are so sporadic I never went anywhere without a tampon. They weren&#039;t heavy but they lasted for WEEKS. No telling how much $ I spent on tampons. Then I&#039;d go a month without any spotting, then a month of straight spotting. Finally, year 3, it has become much more regular.
 I didn&#039;t have any weight gain but I did have acne pop up all over my chin &amp; cheek bones- I haven&#039;t had acne since middle school. 
Overall- it&#039;s effective, but I&#039;m sick of the acne. So. Much. Acne. 
So no, I won&#039;t be getting it reinserted."
"DON&#039;T BUY THIS! I repeat, don&#039;t buy this!!!!! I wish I read these reviews before putting this devil gel inside me. Put it in around 11pm, awoke around 2:30am to the fires of hell coming out of my vagina. I was itching and burning way more after applying this crap. To any unfortunate soul who used this and is now feeling the burn, take a warm bath with Epsom salt and let the bath water rinse you out. It helped me. Right now, I&#039;m not too itchy and the burning feeling is gone but,  Like, it looks like a knot. I took some aspirin. Hopefully, an anti-inflammatory will bring down the swelling. God speed, ladies."
"I got the kyleena inserted about four days ago and it only felt like a big cramp for an hour after. I had no cramping or bleeding since it was inserted but now four days later out of no where I have the worst cramps - so bad that I can&#039;t even stand up but still no bleeding. Should I be worried ?"
"I&#039;ve been using Levemir for several years now to control my Type II Diabetes.  It has been doing a fantastic job.  It keeps my A1C levels below 7 and my morning sugar levels are usually below 100.  When I first started using Levemir I was at 24 units but as the years went by I&#039;ve had to increase the doasge up to where I am at now to 38 units.  But it is working!  Every once in a while I may get a little itching at an injection site but no other side effects! I had been on all the oral glycemics and other injectable insulins before, but nothing had controlled my diabetes like this."
"I&#039;ve been struggling with deep muscle and bone pain. After trying Vicodin, tramadol, gabapentin and more I can&#039;t even remember, my new doctor gave me a Lyrica sample. For the first time in four years, I was able to get out of bed with no pain. It&#039;s changed my life."
"Great works for me 94pt avg"
"This medication is amazing for me. I have severe anxiety. It was affecting me at work, at home. I was having anxiety attacks and felt
like I couldn&#039;t breathe constantly. It was terrible plain and simple. I was lucky to find a psychiatrist who had an immediate opening and was accepting new patients. She started me off on 5mg of diazepam. I took it and with in 30 min I started to feel relief from the anxiety. I take it once in the morning, once in the afternoon and take 2 pills before bed and it&#039;s helped me so much. I love it. I don&#039;t abuse it and don&#039;t recommend anyone to abuse it. You can build a tolerance to it so your doctor might adjust your milligrams. This is a quick fix for anxiety but will not help in the long run."
"I was very excited to finally be worry free and have my periods go away. I got Mirena inserted about 2 1/2 months ago and I&#039;ve only had one week within all this time that I wasn&#039;t bleeding. I&#039;ve always had a heavy flow along with horrible cramps so the only difference now is a little bit lighter and constant spotting every single day. I can&#039;t go in the pool, I can&#039;t have sex, I&#039;ve stained pants, I&#039;ve had a very horrible experience truthfully. My boyfriend was complaining whenever we did have sex that he felt like something was pinching his penis. the process to have it inserted is very uncomfortable and a little internal pain. I&#039;m planning on having it removed as soon as possible because I haven&#039;t had one benefit from mirena."
"LIFECHANGING for our son and our family!"
"The pill helps regulate my period and I know when to always expect it. I do not get any mood swings or nausea. I started going on the pill because my period was irregular. I would get my period twice in one month with excruciating pain. Once I began the pill the pain stopped and my period is normal."
"Always have this handy when you travel and are at risk for food poisoning or bad water, it works great. Over the counter and very cheap."
"Good long-term analgesia with the extended release formula, which seems to work for over 8 hours, though I don&#039;t think it has the full 12-hour benefit as advertised. Less &#039;fuzziness&#039; than oxycodone (or even hydrocodone), which is a positive for me. I suppose it&#039;s not so good for &quot;recreational&quot; users - the new ER formula is supposed to be highly abuse-proof - but for those is REAL chronic pain, Opana-ER works well, similar to Oxycontin, and is very easy to use - one dose in the morning, another in the evening."
"Since I work at an OB-GYN office, I&#039;m somewhat of a birth control connoisseur.  I was on NuvaRing for 2 years.  I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain and it gave me a regular period, my partner and I never experienced any discomfort from it, and it was definitely an improvement from the &quot;crazy moodiness&quot; I had on the Depo shot.  Also, I LOVED the convenience of inserting Nuvaring only once a month.  The ONLY downside was that I had absolutely no sex drive.  As in, I never even thought about sex any more. If it weren&#039;t for the 100% change in sex drive (and the fact there&#039;s no generic yet), I&#039;d go back on Nuvaring in a heartbeat."
"To treat my breakthrough pain, I find that oxycodone is one of the more quicker working narcotic pain meds. Downside to that is I find it seems to wear off in no longer than 4 hours."
"Started taking this medicine about two months ago, after the Lamictal-induced sickness wore off. Up to 400mg now and I think I need a higher dosage as have been manic for a couple of weeks now. But it started to work straight away, and no side effects except for my third day of taking them when I started to get a little confused. Was okay the next day though!"
"This is effective in preventing pregnancies, but I&#039;ve had some other unpleasant side effects. I&#039;ve been on this for 9 months. During the first three, I would always break out real bad around the time of my period. Then for a couple months, the acne stopped, but other symptoms began popping up: Spotting, sometimes early period, extreme mood swings, weight gain (20lbs). The last two months, when my libido began to suffer, I decided to switch. NO sex drive. None. It&#039;s killing me. Even if I want to have sex, which is rare anyway, my body says no. The end of this pack is it for me."
"I have just finished my Second month on Sronyx. First of all I had clear skin before I started taking this birth control pill, right after I began to take the pills my forehead started to breakout in pimples. I was very unhappy about that but my doctor told me to wait it out for the first 3 months in order for my body to adjust to the hormones. While on my second month I broke out BAD the week before my period but it was due to my period coming up. My only side effect is me breaking out, if it weren&#039;t for that I would be giving it a 10! I have no other side effects or mood swings which I love and it actually helps me control my hunger I don&#039;t feel as hungry as I did before which has helped me lose about 8 lbs!"
"This is working great. I read about it in Oprah Winfrey&#039;s O Magizine. Asked my Doctor if it was right for me and he agreed. Losing 5lbs per week (on it for three weeks) I need to get my insurance company to pay and have called them about it asking for it to be considered. Either way I am breaking even as I have no constant hunger pangs. I feel satisfied with small portions, this must be how fit people feel. Good luck with your weight loss journey.  Thanks."
"This is my 2nd month on Paragard. I&#039;m 28yrs old, w/ one 3 year old child. I posted my experience getting it inserted which wasn&#039;t bad at all. Weight has been so much easier to control due to no hormones. I&#039;ve lost a significant amount already.  Overall, I feel fantastic. But today, boy have these cramps been hell. This is the 4th day of my period. It seems as though they&#039;re their strongest when having a bowel movement so beware. My flow has always been heavy, so it&#039;s nothing of a shock but the cramps have been significantly stronger. Exercise and heating pads WORK. Highly recommend Always Infinity pads for heavy flow. I&#039;m now lasting around 7-8 days bleeding."
"Effectively and rapidly eliminates symptoms of my anxiety.  Also works well in calming my thoughts down.  Only downside of this medication that I can conjure up is a propensity to make me lethargic...but this is only a significant problem if I&#039;m not engaged in some sort of physical or mental diversion."
"I got Implanon inserted August 2014 right after my first period after having my baby. The first few months I had no period. Then I started having light periods that lasted about a week compared to 3-4 days before getting pregnant. I&#039;ve also gained about 20 lbs since insertion. It helps a lot with my PMS, and I often forget it&#039;s there. Overall I love it and plan to have it reinserted when my 3 years are up."
"I haven&#039;t had any of the horrible side effects alot of people wrote about on here. I have almost finished the light blue pills. The only problem I had was a slight discomfort in the bottom of my belly the first couple days. I haven&#039;t had any breakouts but I got a cyst on my forehead the first week. I left it alone and it went away. I haven&#039;t had any nausea. I take the pill at breakfast with eggs and toast or sometimes just peanutbutter toast. So for anyone who is scared about taking birth control now please realize most people who review drugs have something negative to say. Don&#039;t be afraid to protect yourself."
"I&#039;ve only taken this for a week. 35mg phendimetrazine twice a day and I don&#039;t feel anything at all. No extra energy, I&#039;m still consuming as much coffee. In fact I have been sleeping even more since starting. It might curb my appetite a smidge if I take the tablet just in the right amount of time before a meal. Four-ish hours later though my hunger is back in full force. Usually have hunger pains then too for eating less when I ate when it mildly suppressed my appetite. No weird side effects except a chalky taste in my throat. This stuff has been pretty useless I follow up with my doctor later this week and I will be requesting something else."
"I get the generic brand from Teva and take two 60mg tabs in the a.m. and two 60 mg tabs in the evening.  I find that the generic wears off too early probably 1 and 1/2 hours early and when pain is severe l need something else as well.  Maybe the generic is not as good as brand name so l wish l could try the brand name so l can find out."
"I was prescribed this medication last Monday. Immediately, I was experiencing side effect. I noticed that my sex drive decreased tremendously. In addition, I would nausea throughout the day. Within the first few days I was spotting lightly then by day 7 I was HEAVILY bleeding. It required me to wear a tampon. My breast were super tender. I couldn&#039;t wear regular bras no longer so I switched to sport bras. By week two I was experiencing acne..my skin has always been clear due to my regular skin routine and vitamins. The worst side effect of all I had depression. I was noticing I was upset for the smallest things from my kids misbehaving to my boyfriend stating a fact about something."
"I have been searching for some way to get rid of this toenail fungus for 10 years with no success. I was hopeful that Jublia would work. I applied every morning for over 6 months to no avail. Not only does it not work (like all the others) but it damaged the skin around my nails also. I am so, so frustrated that this is yet another failed attempt to treat this disease. Can&#039;t believe that the medical and drug industries are using another disease to rake in money and keep the disease alive. Shame on all of you."
"I took this for a 6 hour car ride followed up by two theme parks.I strongly suggest putting the patch on the night before you leave or at least four hours ahead of time.The side effects I experienced were extremely mild. The patch made me mildly euphoric, my eyes dilated &amp; I got a mild head ache.I am 6ft tall &amp; 150lbs, it only worked for two days for me instead of the three. The only negative side effects I had were short term memory loss,I kept asking the same questions over and over &amp; dry mouth. I would not drive or use this if I was going alone somewhere. I recommend keeping it on for 1 or 2 days after you need it. Until your body regains it&#039;s equilibrium. I had no withdrawal symptoms."
"I&#039;m on week one and I feel a difference already. Been depressed for years on and off.  Finally felt strong enough to share my story with someone and was diagnosed severe depression.  I always thought the way out of depression is to fix was is bothering you and everything will be fine.  6 Years later, I missed out on fun, laughter and family.  Won&#039;t let time fly by anymore.  I hope I continue to want to go outside, meet people and lose weight. I will keep you posted."
"Fever 103 tested + flu B started Tamiflu. Fever broke but had horrible headaches, insomnia and total loss of appetite. Headache was horrible. Stopped taking it at day 4 and still have headache and feel &quot;off&quot; not right."
"I am using this not only for chronic pain due to a bulging disc in my lower back, but for post-surgical pain due to laparoscopic gallbladder removal. It works. Just make sure not to get constipated..especially post-surgery."
"I have Chronic Anxiety associated with PTSD and chronic panic attacks. I was given this for about 4 months with no effect on my panic whatsoever. I had a doctor that was dead set against Benzodiazapines and she later put me on BuSpar for 8 months which was also worthless.  I have switched doctors and am currently on 0.5mg of Xanax 2 x day and it takes care of all my symptoms. "
"This did help me with depression a few years ago, but my doctor tried to put me back on it for anxiety this time and I immediately felt the side effects that I really didn&#039;t pinpoint to this at the time but after just two doses this time around they were EXACTLY as I remembered. Diarrhea and an inability to relax.  The diarrhea was horrible, when I would eat out I would have to be by a bathroom, I found myself looking around for a restroom. I thought it was me but I now know it was in fact the Zoloft. Put me in some very embarrassing situations and it kept me from eating out. The inability to relax was quite bad, felt depressed. Thinking back I just hate it that I had to take this medicine, I should have taken it for a few months not a year."
"If I could give a 0- I would!
22, chronic, idiopathic constipation since I was 14. Given 24mcg of amitiza twice daily for 1 month. NOTHING HAPPENED. 
Very very frustrating! Was really looking forward to it working so I could stop taking laxatives in bulk but no dice. Very disheartened. 
Onto Linaclotide (linzess)...."
"I was nervous to start this after reading such horrible reviews! I got this from planned parenthood and am about to start my fourth pack. This is the only birth control I&#039;ve ever been on so I have nothing to compare it to but so far it has been very good! No pregnancy, haven&#039;t had too many side effects. My periods have gotten shorter and lighter. No spotting in between. The only side effects I have noticed is some slight vaginal dryness, but nothing too bad. I did get a few headaches and nausea here and there during the first pack but again nothing too bad. My body seems to have adjusted fine and I&#039;m so happy for the lighter periods! I started my first pack the Sunday after my period ended so this worked out well"
"I am 22 and  have a disease called Addison&#039;s Disease. It&#039;s an adrenal insufficiency and due to this I have chronic pain in my muscles and joints and constant stomach ache when I go into an Addisonian Crisis. My pain gets ten times worse, my doctor gives me 2 mg I.V. Dilaudid whenever this happens and it works wonders. It helps me sleep through the pain also. It is an AMAZING medication."
"Even through this medicine helps you to get over with some issues that you struggle in your everyday life, it doesn&#039;t really help you at all in terms of your depressive thoughts and depression itself."
"Was prescribed for depression, but it affected my panic disorder very much. I went from 6-7 panic attacks a day to 1-2 a week/month. It really really helped with my anxiety overall too. I feel less anxious. The initial 2 weeks were horrible though, increased anxiety, hot flashes. And it interacts with a lot of medications (including vitamin d supplements)"
"No longer have muscle cramps."
"I originally began doxazosin 4mg for blood pressure many years ago. Over the years I needed additional medicines for blood pressure but continued taking doxazosin 4mg twice a day. I had been told that it would be helpful in maintaining urine flow. Not long ago I began taking Proscar.

I thought that the Cardura would no longer be needed so I stopped. Within 2-3 days there was a definite reduction in urine flow. I repeated the off, then on again routine 3 times with the same rather dramatic results. I will continue with the doxazosin. 
PS: I have never noticed side effects at all."
"I had liver surgery and couldn&#039;t tolerate the narcotics so they gave me toradol for five days and wow it works well."
"Magnesium is key! I want everyone to know that the achiness goes away when I take magnesium. I&#039;m taking 500 mg from a good vitamin company. Not sure if it&#039;s ok to put brand names here.
I gained 20 lbs, and none of my carefully acquired clothes fit: big bummer. But it&#039;s still better than getting cancer again. Going to start exercising more as I recover from oophorectomy. I&#039;m eating veggies like crazy.

Bilateral mastectomy and six weeks of radiation; removal of ovaries and tubes."
"Took the 2 gram powder 2 hours after a meal and a little over an hour, I felt like I was going to die. I violently vomited, but the doctor told me that most of the medicine was already in my system and not to worry. He told me that feeling this terrible is actually quite common with this antibiotic, especially with this high dose. I actually had to return to the hospital where I got it because I wasn&#039;t sure what was going to happen to me. I&#039;m on day 4 and these are the symptoms I am feeling: Constant upset GI tract, stomach along with acid reflux, feeling hot, mainly in the face, feeling a little more tired than usual. I&#039;m not experiencing diarrhea, but each time I pass stool, it feels like it is going to be diarrhea. Never again..."
"I have 3 children, 2 of whom are on Concerta. We have tried many things prior to this and nothing has worked quite as well."
"It helps with bad chest pains caused by a trapped nerve and when I have a very bad bronchial infection."
"I used to be on Levlen, had no problems at all. I changed to Depo which is an injection contraceptive, so I didn&#039;t have to remember to take a pill. On Depo I gained a lot of weight and was unable to control my emotions. I intend on returning to Levlen now. The only drawback is remembering to take the pill. Make sure you find a contraceptive that suits YOUR body. Levlen seemed to be fine for me, but it may be different for you and others."
"I am finishing up my 4th pack of this pill and I am seriously considering switching pills. The first two months weren&#039;t too bad, I had mild side effects but they were manageable. It wasn&#039;t until the third month that I started getting constant nausea like all day everyday and even worse at night, headaches, sore boobs, frequent urination and absolutely no sex drive. The only good thing is my period is like clockwork and I&#039;m for sure not pregnant but the side effects make me feel like I am!!!"
"Put on this mid-year after a tough year of health issues left me with increased anxiety,HR &amp; BP.  Told to expect no side effects. 
I can directly connect a horrible change in my daily life to this medication. I was told  I was in menopause and put on hormones!
-Scorching, sweaty, humiliating hot flashes
-Debilitating fatigue and brain fog
-Insomnia
-Zero energy 
-Gained 20 pounds
-Massive Breast ENLARGEMENT!
-Awful swelling
-Hoarse voice, constant cough
-Major depression
-Change in eyesight 
-No interest in life

Ridiculous! All along I thought it was my fault and menopause!  Add hormones to that and it&#039;s a disaster. I was VERY close to giving up. This medication is old, outdated and unacceptable."
"I was on Norvasc for 2 weeks. I felt dizzy, tired, cold, and got headaches every night. Switched medicines now, still trying to get it out of my system."
"This product has worked well for me overall. I use it in conjunction with Dymista, and the two together are great. If I miss a dose, then I&#039;m itchy all over, so I take it every day religiously. The main side effect I&#039;ve experienced (and this is common with Claritin and other similar products) is dry eye, but I simply use some Refresh Plus once a day and it&#039;s not a problem."
"Holy Moly it&#039;s on fire.  Oh my goodness!  I had a very mild itch so I figured it was a yeast infection. I bought the Monistat-1 because who wants to do that more than one day. After I inserted  it and put the creme on the burning and itching began. Uncontrollable itching inside and out. Swollen, red, hot, burning, itching!!!! I think bleeding a little too ! NEVER AGAIN!!! I just poured cold water on the area to try and calm the situation down. It&rsquo;s been 3 hrs of pain and burning so far!"
"I was prescribed 150mg of Wellbutrin after I had attempted suicide twice. It really didn&#039;t help me. For a while I kind of just felt empty and it didn&#039;t really help my mood. To be honest, it made me worse. My anxiety was at its worse and I was still self harming and thinking about suicide. This was definitely not for me."
"I really wanted to believe that this would get rid of my acne, but unfortunately it hasn&#039;t. I was prescribed the creme about three or four months ago and have been applying this to my face every night, but it hasn&#039;t really helped clear my acne nor my acne scars. The first month it seemed to clear up my skin a tiny bit, but not significantly. After that, my skin returned to the same state as before I started Differin - maybe even worse. I&#039;m so bummed, I just need a miracle to make me feel good about myself again ... Can&#039;t even look in the mirror without feeling disgust."
"Maxalt works for me. It is the only one I&#039;ve tried so far that does."
"I have been medically treating my Bipolar Disorder for 11 years. Finding the right medication and the proper doses is tremendous work. You may find that seroquel is not helping you but that may not be true, you may not have  found the right dose and inital side effects do subside. I take 900mg lithium/400mg seroquel /400mg lamotragine. Up until 2013 I was in/out of serious episodes that would last for months and destroy my life. I was taking 150mg of seroquel and my doc was hesitant to increase my dose. This increase of dose saved me. I am no longer controlled by this disease, rarely have episodes. I do hate seroquel for sedation/panic attacks at night, lucid nightmare, weight gain. BUT I have my life back and the negatives are so worth it!"
"Update: 2 weeks in with skyla, after a week of being on Skyla I stopped taking my pills (as told by Doctor since Skyla isn&#039;t effective until 7 days after insertion) and started bleeding, more than a panty liner but not enough to fill a regular tampon, it&#039;s been like this for a week now and I&#039;m annoyed, I can&#039;t tell if this is when my period is now or what? Idk, not happy, I wanna have sex with my boyfriend but I can&#039;t because I&#039;m bleeding!! Ugh!!"
"I have been taking Levora for about two years. Overall, it&#039;s great. Before Levora, I would break out each month before I started. My periods were very heavy and uncomfortable. Sometimes, my cramps would be so bad I would want to call into work. Now, my skin is clear. My periods are incredibly light and rarely painful. I am no longer a crazy person for two weeks out of every month. This is a winner."
"Alright. Ladies I&#039;m feeling your pain. We are all in this fiery hell together. Monistat 3... I thought I was taking the easy way out of seeing a doctor. See the doctor. Get the pill. The first night I used Monistat 3 I thought all was good until I woke up at 6am with a vagina so itchy I wanted to claw it out. It took over an hour to subside. The second night it hit 15 minutes after taking the dose and luckily subsided about half a hour later. I&#039;m about to take the third dose... I&#039;m on the verge of crying because I know the hell that is to come haha. God bless our burning vaginas."
"I&#039;m 38 and have been drinking most of my adult life. During my 30s, I drank just about every night. Eventually my tolerance level reached 6-8 (sometimes 10) high alcohol content beers per day (and I am a small-framed woman). I&#039;d tried to quit cold turkey a few times but only lasted two days with intense withdrawals of shaking, severe anxiety, sweating, and night terrors. I had never had an experience with DTs or having to go to the ER, but I was scared of that. My doctor prescribed me 10mg of Librium to take at home with instructions to take 4-8 capsules per day depending on how I felt. So far I&#039;m on Day 20 of sobriety with no anxiety, cravings, withdrawals, or side effects. Works great for withdrawing!"
"Initially I was worried that this treatment wasn&#039;t working because I didn&#039;t see immediate results after the first 2 applications. After a week, however, I saw significant reductions in the size of my warts. And now at week 3 you can barely see anything at all. 

At first I was very distressed about the extreme side effects I had (severe itchiness, erythema, some bleeding), which were very concerning to me. They did subside, however, by the 4th or 5th application of Aldara. My advice would be to not give up! Yes, it is very itchy and somewhat painful with the first few applications but the side effects do subside and the effects are significant. Just be patient and you will see results."
"I have been on abilify for 6 weeks now and am still experiencing anxiety, agitation, constipation. I also feel sedated although I feel like I can&#039;t sit still."
"I was diagnosed with  bipolar manic depressive , acute anxiety, depression, ocd , borderline personality, and post traumatic stress syndrome, when I was 21... postpartum depression triggered something, I was constantly agitated and angry, and sad,  .I would wake up angry, and cry allll day...my Dr prescribed me 20 mg zyprexa and I swear to you I was terrified,  that it would take 4 to 6 weeks to really work (I didn&#039;t have 4 to 6 weeks to wait , I felt...) I was nearly over the edge completely, constantly thinking suicide, I took my first dose of zyprexa and the very next morning I woke up wonderful!!! I still get upset , but not like before, this medicine was truly a miracle for me"
"took 1000 mg tab Friday evening Saturday morning and evening.  Have had Diaraeh since midnigtht Friday night"
"Been on Vyvanse for three months now. I&#039;m 6 foot 195 pounds and 20 years old but find even the 30 mg dosage to be more than enough for me. Experience occasional bouts of dizziness and when in stressful situation have some degree of chest pains. Lasts more than the full 12 hours for me. I have to wake up at 8 am in order to fall asleep around 1 AM.  Also when I take Vyvanse I notice some degree of hair loss. I feel as if my brain is telling my body to work and as a result my body is working in triple overtime to keep up."
"Excellent"
"I took Contrave for 3 months ... No side effects ... NO RESULTS.  This medication did not decrease my appetite at all."
"Crohns dx and anxiety disorder.  I had a 4th degree tear during childbirth and the doctors were unaware I have crohns until 4 yrs later.  this was after surgery after surgery in an attempt to repair a rectal-vaginal fistula. I would go into extreme flairs after each surgery then the acidic diarrhea would eat away my perennial wall and rectum/vagina.  I was wearing diapers for 4 yrs until  I finally was diagnosed. (bag)  I was taking lomotil and an opium tincture to control the diarrhea... alternating oxy and Vicodin for their constipating  effect .) I can get some constipation for a few days after using lomotil which is painful in itself... I prefer hyscyamine for remission."
"Was given this medication 7 days ago and still feel sick. Yesterday I took a shower and sinuses really started draining. I was so excited. Am also doing the sinus flush 4 times a day. Today I woke up with a headache and the chills. Took another shower with little drainage. Back to the Dr. on Monday as this should be working by now."
"Ultram has helped me greatly, it doesn&#039;t always take all of my pain away (of course!) but it truly takes the edge off and helps me to function. I have not noticed any side effects besides sleepiness especially when I take more than one tablet."
"I have taken this medication for over 4 years and my life has changed dramatically since then. I take 75mg doses 3 times a day and my days are so much better now compared to over 4 years ago when I would have panic attacks and anxiety attacks. I would recommend this to anyone who has depression or anxiety/social anxiety disorders. The only downfall is if you run out of your prescription the withdrawal symptoms can be intense after about 2 days. Make sure your refills are ready and not about to expire because it can cause you a lot of problems such as it has been in my case. Other than that it is a great medication to help you get back to your normal self again."
"Took 20mgs. of Megase for 4 months then 10mgs. for another 3 months and had NO side effects whatsoever. (I actually managed to lose some weight while taking this medicine.)  It took some time for my complex hyperplasia without atypia to clear up, but my latest biopsy was clear from all hyperplasias and now on a regime of 10mgs. of Provera and will go back for a follow up in another 2 months.  (I was actually kind of worried to change to Provera as I did so well and had no negative side effects while taking the Megace.)"
"I took this shot to be safe, I&#039;m a young teenager that is sexually active. I have big plans for my future, so I decided to take precautions. I was on this shot for 6 months. Yes it is indeed very effective. But my body did have some trouble trying to adapt to the medication. I can say I was on my period for a whole month, I got the shot so I can have safe sex, but being on my period for a month kind of ruined the whole purpose. I want to re take it again but I don&#039;t like the side effects I recieve from this shot.. I also lost a lot of weight, not to brag but cute butt vanished into thin air, &amp; not to mention the depression!"
"I&#039;m 22 and went 6 years without a cycle. Finally the doctors prescibed me provera 1 10mg for 10 days. It took 14 days to get my period but It came, I was so relieved something finally worked! No side effects except my period and thats what I wanted!"
"I&#039;ve literally tried everything for my constipation. A high fibre diet made it worse and I was relying on more dangerous laxatives. Lactulose didn&#039;t work for me to begin with until my gynaecologist told me to increase my dosage so I take 40ml twice a day. I now have a bowel movement everyday whereas in the past I&#039;d go once a week and still be blocked up. It is a life saver.

Only negative thing about it is the water retention. It has made my stomach so bloated and made me gain about 5lbs in water weight BUT these side effects are tolerable. I&#039;ll just keep to loose fitted tops for the mean time :)"
"I got my first Nexplanon in right after my son was born, that was over 17 years ago now.  Over the years I have had very little bleeding, although I do get the symptoms of a period (mild cramps, tender breasts and over emotional at times) I&#039;m due for a new implant in a couple of weeks but I&#039;m considering not taking anything to see how my body reacts and regulates itself. I&#039;ve noticed recently that it&#039;s much harder to keep weight off and my moods have been up and down this past couple of years but I think this may be due to my age and change in lifestyle rather than the Nexplanon. I&#039;d suggest giving it a year to properly settle in and if after that you don&#039;t like it, try something else. It&#039;s seen me well over the years ;-)"
"I finished an antibiotic and normally will get a yeast infection. I used Monistat 3 for the yeast infection last night. Within 5 to 10 minutes I was burning like I was on fire. I was up all night with no relief. By morning it finally stopped burning and felt some better. I made the mistake of using the Monistat 3 again tonight night thinking that I was better. The same thing happened again and I find myself again in excruciating burning. I got in the bathtub and was able to finally get some slight relief. I also took some children&#039;s Benadryl and hope it will help. I am till in pain as I write this review and hopefully it will stop burning soon. I will never ever use this product again!"
"I have a pinched nerve in my right leg thats sends shock waves of pain through my body. I didn&#039;t think Tramadol 50mg was working until I missed taking a pill at 4:00 pm. About 2 hours after I should have taken a dose the pain was 10 times worse than with the pills. It works great and gives you great sleep."
"Had been on other HRT meds for hot flashes and irritability, and only gained weight and felt depressed.  Once I started Activella, I immediately felt better on all fronts.  I could sleep soundly, hot flashes gone, mood was good, and I stopped gaining weight.  I have been on it for one year and wish I had been put on it to start.  It is the perfect combo for me.  All other interventions were misses, this was a hit!"
"I was prescribed Gabapentin for peripheral neuropathy in my feet from type II diabetes. It was bad enough that I didn&#039;t even like a bed sheets touching my toes at night. I started on 300mg taking one in the morning, one in the evening and two at bedtime. It worked OK but my physician raised the dosage to 400mg and it completely blocks the pain sensation.  I have experienced no side effects.  Note: I am a 68 year old male."
"Please avoid this medication at all cost,it is impossible to get off. I have tried twice and ended up in total disaster.The first time I tried to get off it I end up completely constipated and three years later I am still badly constipated. It changed some mechanism responsible for that during withdrawal. The second time I tried to come off it I ended up with Anhedonia which Is an inability to enjoy things, when I look at food now it&#039;s like looking at a rock, no reaction. These drugs cause total dependancy, completely change the brain and cause brain damage and are not the answer.
Please just see a shaman/healer and get an auric sweep and clear out the negative entities that cause schizophrenia. Its worked for thousands of years."
"I have rheumatoid arthritis for last 7 years and was against any form of medication but living with pain day in day out and caring for new born was very hard. Before Humira I was taking 6 different tablets daily and end up putting on lots of weight. Just started Humira 6 weeks ago apart from not being able to sit on the floor and regain my life back. So far no side effects, just thirsty and fatigue when over doing. Keeping fingers cross. 

I found if you let the injection to reach room temperature it doesn&#039;t hurt that much, only the needle sting."
"I was diagnosed with an antibiotic-resistant UTI in February 2015 and put on macrobid pending IV administration of a carbapenum and after two courses of cipro. I can&#039;t say for sure, but strongly suspect, that the macrobid caused an intracranial inflammatory response that precipitated rapid-onset hydrocephalus, for which I required surgical intervention in the form of a shunt. My brain felt hot and swollen, and I developed hideous prickly headaches, a shuffling gait and a tendency to walk into broom closets. When I called my doc and said I thought my brain was being killed by the stuff, she said, so, stop taking it. I&#039;ll never know if the macrobid was a cause, an agent, or happenstance, but would strongly urge extreme caution."
"I had been on Ortho tri-cyclen lo since Sept. of last year (2015), and was relatively fine on it (occasional headaches but that was nothing out of the norm). Once put on generic in March 2016, I began having intense migraines 3-4 times a week, as well as extreme fatigue. I thought it was a side effect of a bad upper respiratory infection I&#039;d had a month prior so I did not seek medical attention.

After two months of being on this pill with the intense migraines and fatigue, I had a minor stroke and was hospitalized for days. While I completely understand a small percentage of women are at risk taking birth control, I can&#039;t help but be concerned that none of the headaches/fatigue began till I switched to generic."
"I have trigeminal neuralgia which triggers pain in my head so bad I just want to take my head off. Normal migraine meds do not help for these migraines. Stadol is the only medicine that takes the pain away. Sometimes I need to take a Phenergan with a spray,  but other than some nausea I have no problems with Stadol. So far I have a nice doctor who just wants my pain to stop."
"Suprep Bowel Prep Kit (sodium sulfate, potassium sulfate and magnesium sulfate)

Taken prior to first colonoscopy in two doses: 1st. at 4:00pm, the second at midnight, for colonoscopy scheduled for the following morning at 9:00am.  Poured the first bottle into the provided mixing cup, smelled like cherry flavoring.  After mixing with water to the 16oz mark, I began drinking with a straw.  It tasted like a cherry-flavored sport drink with extra salt.  Not bad, so at that point I just chugged the entire cup.  Had the first BM about 40 min later, with watery stool on and off for the next two hours.  Second dose worked twice as fast. I experienced no side effects other than the intended result. Site advises complications are &lt;2%."
"I&#039;ve been taking Linzess for a year and honestly can say it&#039;s a life saver ! Of course like any drug it comes with its pros and cons but for the most part to not feel jam packed everyday is such a relief! I also need to plan my day around the drug and I have found a schedule most suitable for my daily routine. I work a full time job and get home around 5pm. I&#039;ll take 145 mcg with a bottle of water and eat dinner. I know by now I will not have a BM until 8-9pm. FLUIDS are key! I have rapid diaherra then I&#039;m good to go to bed by 11pm. I&#039;ve also taken many times before drinking alcohol and the drug would not activate whatsoever (FYI, no other negative sides w/ alcohol). I also drop a few pounds and the following morning always look my leanest!"
"Seroquel worked in getting rid of my psychotic symptoms (voices, etc). It was a hard medication to go on, I would need to sleep 12 hours during the first week and I would wake up in that 12 hours in an almost intoxicated state. There was nothing that would wake me up in the morning but I think during medication changes it is important to listen to your body so I rested and in a week, that went away. I came off Risperidone in that first week as well so that may have contributed. The medication did make me sweat a LOT and it would take me a long time to cool down on it. My dyskensic side effects from risperidone went away. But I had to come off Seroquel in a month because I had an allergic 3 weeks in...watch out for tight throat/trouble swallowing."
"Save your money and treat your cough.This does not work!!"
"After having awful side effects from oral contraceptive pills, and after trying Ortho Cyclen again as part of my IVF protocol (It made me so dizzy and nauseous I woke up in the middle of the night vomiting), my reproductive endocrinologist switched me to the Ortho Evra patch. What a difference! None of the horrible side effects, and I can eat and keep it down! YAY!"
"I was anemic due to heavy bleeding and began this medication in August to help solve the problem. Before starting this medication I had a very healthy lifestyle.  Every meal was perfect healthwise and I was at my ideal weight. 2 months in, I gained 15 pounds.  It makes me so hungry I feel like a different person and out of control.  I&#039;ve eaten things I normally wouldn&#039;t have eaten before. I am trying my best to keep the healthy lifestyle in regards to food, but it is VERY difficult.  
Last week I started the spotting. It hasn&#039;t stopped. There are times where it seems like it stops and then a few hours later it is like Niagara falls. I also feel unmotivated and kind of depressed. I just want to be normal and this medication isn&#039;t helping."
"Made me feel dependant on them"
"My new Doctor tried to take me off tramadol and prescribed something else, additionally went to a one star rehab center with my bag of medication they didn&#039;t give me all of my medication back and short-changed me a full bottle of tramadol. What makes this a tragedy they gave me a pill case (14 day) with all the pills for someone else......................................"
"I&#039;m 66. I stopped drinking when I was in my early-mid 30s, helped by a psychotherapist. Went back to drinking 4-5 years later. Stopped again, went back. Etc. Went through another course of one-on-one therapy with no real results. Entered rehab (outpatient). Stopped again for a while. (Hated rehab.) Started drinking again after a few years. Entered group therapy with an emphasis on AA. Didn&#039;t work. (Hated AA.) Two months ago, I went on Antabuse, and the results have been GREAT. I take one dose in the mornings. Over time the urges have diminished; now they only pop up ever so often. I feel like I have a new life. Yay, Antabuse!"
"This birth control appealed to me because it&#039;s estrogen free, you don&#039;t need to remember a daily pill, and it lasts for a long amount of time.  I had Nexplanon inserted on 3-13-14.  I got my period the next day.  Today marks 7 months of constant bleeding.  Having said this, I&#039;m sure it&#039;s highly effective birth control, but for me it was more so effective because it caused me to not have sex.  The first couple weeks I was a little extra emotional, but that stopped quickly.  I had no other side effects. I have friends who went on this and stopped having periods all together, so I&#039;m sure my experience was exceptional."
"The Implanon has been a nightmare for me but I didn&#039;t become pregnant. It&#039;s sort of bitter sweet. I have long painful periods, mood swings, depression and it&#039;s like I&#039;m on a roller coaster. But it works and my three years will be up April 20, 2012."
"I have been on and off this drug in some form for over 40 years. I have had no problems of any kind.
I am taking generic Butalbital Comp-Codeine #3. I can barely tell I have taken anything, my pain is still so bad. I have never gotten as good a result with their products."
"I was prescribe Zoloft for anxiety attacks I have prior to leaving me house. I was prescribed 100mg but was to break in half for 10 days. Told to take at bed time.  When I woke up I could tell something was different and as I began to move around it got worse. I literally thought I was loosing my mind and going crazy. I don&#039;t know how else to explain it. I freaked out and became paranoid and thought this was the end. I finally was able to get my wife up and she suddenly knew something was wrong.  . Finally ambulance made it and EMS said appears I&#039;m having and adverse reactions to the meds and took me. Doctor gave me Adivan."
"Did not work for some reason. I took it at 6;00pm, and did not get a bowel movement until 2:00am. It was so bad for causing pressure to urinate I could not finish the second bottle."
"I cannot begin to tell you how much I hate myself for staying on this for as long as I did. I went from having extremely light and short periods to being on it constantly for the past year and a half. The only reason I was using birth control was so I would feel comfortable and protected during sex. But considering I had my period just about everyday, it was useless. I cannot tell you how many pairs of underwear I&#039;ve ruined or how many boxes of tampons I&#039;ve gone through. Let&#039;s not forget about the dramatic weight gain. In the past year and a half I gained a good 50+ pounds. Yes I know the birth control didn&#039;t put the food in my mouth, but my fast metabolism was shot. Even when I went on diets I did nothing but continue to gain weight!"
"It&#039;s so great to have something that finally works for me! It&#039;s fast acting and takes away my insane thoughts and brings me back to reality quickly .. My worries go away and i can feel like a normal person. I&#039;ve been on ativan, clonazapam... And paxil and effexor in my younger days... The ativan did nothing .. The clonazapam was OK but is much better for sleep. The paxil and effexor were nightmares and had horrible side effects . I would never take that kind of medication again. I take 1-2 mg xanax when I get an attack or intrusive thoughts and it&#039;s the best thing for me ! I become a rational thinking person again.. And couldnt be happier to have something that really works.  It&#039;s really improved my life."
"Bupropion (Wellbutrin xl) 150 mg &#039;I was on Celexa for Anxiety/ Depression/ PTSD and lost interest in everything except drinking lots of booze. I helped relax me but I lost all sexual desires and functions. Ugggh. Two days ago my therapist finally switched me over to Bupropion. Side effects for the last two days include, slight head aches, dry mouth, ear ringing racing heart at times and worst is the insomnia. I have woke up like 4-5 times in the last two nights and feel wide awake in bed even though I take pill in the AM. I do feel quit a bit more energy and it feels like things are clicking better. I actually wake up with huge erections. I guess that&#039;s a good sign of great things to come. Hope side effects end and will continue using drug."
"I came across this by accident and after two tablets all my medical ailments disappeared (anxiety, stress and IBS-D) . Off diazapam and Imodium now . Amazing after 40 years of misery that I can now enjoy life. Plus no sleeping tablets now either --- result !!!!"
"I had to go off anti-inflammatories orally. This gel is what keeps me walking."
"I took generic ambien (not the CR) for just two consecutive nights. While it does work for putting me to sleep and keeping me asleep, I have to say I would not recommend this to people.  Just take benadryl or Advil PM.  

The reason I say this is because it affected (and days later is still affecting) my memory.  I am told by a few friends and co-workers of things I did or said (during the daylight hours, work hours) and I honestly don&#039;t remember any of it!  

So for me... I won&#039;t take this again just because it scares me. I&#039;m sharp as a tack, I remember and observe everything so this really shocked me."
"Can&#039;t live without having this in by medicine cabinet. At the onset of a suspected boil I take this and problem solved! I have been taking this for many years. Before Bactrim I had boil after boil, scars, and embarrassment. Miracle drug for boils, who cares about minor side effects!!!"
"I have recently been told I have very early Parkinsons.  Since then I&#039;ve been on Azilect. I have not experienced any side effects.  However, the symptoms (finger movements) have not improved.  I have been told that Azilect slows down progression, therefore, alone it does not address the systems."
"Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo is probably the best pill I&#039;ve ever been on and I&#039;ve tried 7 different pills in the last 4 years! I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 months so far and I&#039;ve noticed that I grew up cup size, my skin has cleared up, and thankfully no weight gain or pregnancies. The only downsides are that it&#039;s expensive, period cramps are a little more intense, and my sex drive has decreased a tiny bit. Other than that, this pill is great and I definitely recommend it."
"I have been on Suboxone since the medicine became available. I was  born in Bridgeport, a big city and plenty of drugs. I have been an addict since I was 15 years old. I was addicted to heroin for 10 years and ruined my life. I&#039;ve done prison time in 4 different states over the years and thought for sure drugs would be the death of me but then came this medicine and my life has changed. I&#039;m a human being again and totally drug free. I owe it all to this medicine or I would no doubt be DEAD."
"I started Contrave almost one week ago. Weight loss has been about four pounds, but the thing I&#039;m most thankful for is the reduction in the desire to eat. I had several parties to attend this past weekend and previously would have spent a lot of time in my head debating the wine and junk food before ultimately caving in. This time, it wasn&#039;t a hard decision. I didn&#039;t even want any of it. I can&#039;t tell you how relieved I feel not to have every potential meal or snack be a mental battle anymore. That alone is worth it, no matter the weight loss! Side effects have been decreased appetite and some lethargy."
"Don&#039;t even waste your time. This is a waste of time and money. Just go to your doctor. Monistat 3 day DOES NOT WORK!!"
"Didn&#039;t help at all against my allergy symptoms (sneezing, runny nose, itching &amp; watering eyes)."
"Worst medicine ever. I gained nearly 50 pounds in four months. At first the medicine made me feel good even though I was gaining the weight fast. By the fourth month the pain was so intense it actually rivalled childbirth. I was not overeating and in fact I was working out more. I still cannot get the weight back off. If I could give this med a -10 I would."
"I lived in a world of gray with a circle of awareness as little as two feet. I was the quintessential invisible man. I tried all the  antidepressants for over 50 years.  Everything was totally useless and with horrible side effects to the extent that one wonders why anyone would prescribe it. The first thing that actually worked was Nardil which opened me to a world of light and color that I didn&#039;t know existed, but it had its problems and became ineffective after a time. 6 years ago my doctor finally gave up and gave me this. She started me on the low dose patch which didn&#039;t seem to do much  but the fog did lift . I seem to have few if any side effects. Emsam is worth trying."
"I suffer from SAD and dealing with people and students (yes, I understand the irony of the career choice) on a daily basis leaves me burned out most days from the stress of teaching to 300 students and dealing with people, in general, but a simple combination of Xanax (0.25 mg) before a class and daily Nuvigil (75 mg) completely erased the problem.  I work all day, I&#039;m calm and focused in classes, and with a Xanax (0.5mg) before bed I sleep a full night without problems."
"Prescribed Flomax for a stone I had for 7 weeks working through, came out with minimal drama within 48 hours. No really side effects."
"I used this for preparation of my 1st Colonscopy. The taste was pretty decent, citrus taste.  Took 1st dose at 4pm with 40 oz of clear fluids, within 3 hours I was going a lot for a good hour. 2nd dose 10pm with 30 oz of clear fluids, within 1 hour was going again. Procedure was at 7:30am, doctor was pleased with how well I was cleaned out. Procedure went well. Note, follow Drs. and medicines directions. Do not eat heavy a couple days before, Stay hydrated before and during. I have recommended this to others since my procedure in September."
"I&#039;m 23 years old, and I&#039;ve been taking LoLo for about 3 years now. It was the first birth control pill I ever tried, and I&#039;ve had such a good experience with it. For reference, I am 5&#039;4&quot; and a healthy weight, without significant medical/psych history. During the first month or two of starting the pill, my only side effect was breakthrough bleeding, which subsided. I haven&#039;t had any weight changes or mood changes while on this medication. My favorite part about LoLo is that it&#039;s low-dose, and that my periods are VERY light; sometimes I will go a couple of months without even having one - that might not be ideal for some people ,but I personally like it. Try it out!"
"Been on trazadone for short time I have not found it effective for sleep.  Taken off Ambien which put me right to sleep but can&#039;t say the same for trazadone. I take 100mg yet I can&#039;t seem to fall asleep.  I get dry mouth and stuffy nose.  Sorry trazadone"
"My grandmother has been perscribed Darvon for many years now. She has recently been diagnosed with liver cancer and to deal with the pain has been almost handed a whole pharmacy. But nothing (i.e. Morphine, Vicodin)  touches her pain or is as fast acting as her Darvon. I would definitely say that for her, Darvon is a life saver."
"I had the Implanon inserted after my Mirena fell out. It hurt a little bit to get it put in. I liked it for a little while but now it has moved further down in my arm. I have non stop bleeding and I have no desire to have sex. My arm goes numb every once in a while and is very tender and I cry over silly things. "
" I had my injections last Wed. I had to go to the ER last night for Major Acute Water Retention (can&#039;t pee). I have to wear a cathater with the bag. I&#039;m pretty sure I will have to self catherize until the Botox wears off. I wish I never did it, it paraylayzed my bladder. I will never have it done again. On the other hand I&#039;m glad I&#039;m not the only one that suffers from OAB I&#039;m 36. Very disappointed why this had to happen to me, quality of life is worse with the Botox at this point I&#039;d rather wear depends. Please do not to this procedure. PLEASE the possible side effects are not worth it at all."
"My fever went down within a few hours and I was feeling better the next day, but weak.  After finishing the last dose of 5 days, I became extremely nauseous and my abdomen hurt so badly, I didn&#039;t think I would survive.  I didn&#039;t vomit, but stomach pain was excruciating.  It has lasted over 24 hours, so far and I can&#039;t find any advice regarding what to do about the pain."
"I started Chantix on June 1 with a June 30 quit date. On the 15th I ran out of cigarettes and decided I&#039;d try to wake up without them and feel it out. It is June 30 today and I haven&#039;t had a cigarette since. I have urges but try to push them aside. Chantix made me strong enough to not need them without even knowing it. I&#039;ve smoked for 15 years and haven&#039;t quit this long on anything, including the patch. I recommend it for sure. You do get nauseous but take the pill with food and it passes after about ten minutes. Just fight it off. Dreams were cool but I did have trouble falling asleep at times. It&#039;s definitely all worth the reward. My insurance covered the entire Rx, I had nothing to lose and everything to gain. Good luck to you too!"
"I have tried to battle my way through significant anxiety at work, and an increase in depressive symptoms for several years. I came to the decision that I was unable to keep the momentum of fighting by myself and saw my GP. This took a lot of courage and fighting feelings of failure as although I work in the Mental health field and recommend this type of medication for clients I was not transferring this to myself. I have taken for 5 weeks with very positive results in terms of mood and anxiety levels gradually improving, it&#039;s not perfect but I wouldn&#039;t expect that. I am taking 50mg daily. Side effects have been increased insomnia, but without so much anxiety, so it&#039;s bearable. I will continue to take for a considerable period."
"I&#039;ve been on everything to control my restless legs syndrome- most recently switched from 2mg of ropinirole (Requip) to 50mg tramadol. So far so good - the Requip had worked well for the restless legs syndrome, but left me feeling nauseous and just kind of icky all the time, and I never felt clear-headed the next day. So far, I&#039;ve awakened feeling much more refreshed with the tramadol, but I don&#039;t believe the 50mg dose will be adequate, as I&#039;ve woken up each night around 3 am with symptoms.  For the past few nights I&#039;ve dosed at 100mg and have slept great.  Good stuff."
"Xanax has helped me tremedously,  I do not suffer from any of the side effects that are listed.  Since being on this drug for my anxiety, I have been given part of my life back. I didn&#039;t like to be in crowds of people or go to social events and since I am on this medicine I no longer suffer from these anxieties."
"I would NEVER recommend this drug to ANYONE! Took 1 pill about 3 hours before bed. Finally got to bed at 3 am, and layed there for an hour with such nausea I had to get up. Tried to take some Pepto-Bismol for it and no sooner than I took it, I got violently ill! I was vomiting the rest of the night until around 6 am. I have no problem at all with taking regular Amoxicillin, so whatever else is in here, my body rejects it strongly! One minute I&#039;d be sweating like it was 120 degrees, the next I&#039;d have the chills so bad it felt like I was outside with shorts and a tank top on in the middle of winter (like now). NEVER AGAIN! Stay as far away from this drug as possible!"
"This drug is a miracle. I presented a presentation today for 30 minutes, and I didn&#039;t shake or turn red....as I normally flight or fight myself off the stage. But today, flawless. I felt so confident afterwards. I know this drug only masks the physical symptoms and not the underlying issue but for now, it&#039;ll do."
"I am 63 yrs young, a veteran with some health issues which causes some problems due to pain. The pain is so distracting that I wasn&#039;t able to achieve
and maintain an erection. My Doctor suggested Viagra 100mg. While I still experience pain I am able to perform , enjoy myself and my loving wife is very happy. It&#039;s been a real blessing."
"Female 5&#039;6 starting weight 261 Started  April 20 2015 I have been on it steady today&#039;s date is july 20 2015 and I am 216. First month lost 20lb second month lost 10lb third month 10lb I am working  on my 4th month now. Side effects for me include super dry mouth and sleeplessness but as long at I work out the sleeplessness is not a issues only a problem when I haven&#039;t excersise. Best of luck all"
"I have had weight gain with this medicine.  It has knocked out the medication-resistant depression that I have been suffering with for years."
"Ativan has been a life savor to me. I suffer from debilitating anxiety and rumination. I can take .5 to 1 and it takes it away w/in 15 minutes. I&#039;ve gone to DBT &amp; CBT classes out patient 2x. Therapy.This medicine is what has helped the most. My quality of life is much better w/ it. The negative is that the Dr&#039;s don&#039;t want you to take it unless you absolutely have to. They say it&#039;s addictive. I&#039;ve not experienced that yet. Oh! I also took Klonopin which didn&#039;t touch the anxiety for me ."
"For me and other people I have suggested this medication too it has completely changed our lives for the better. Reading reviews you often see knee jerk reactions from people suffering deeply and then taking the medication and going through the up to 4 week period of feeling worse. That is a tough 4 weeks if you felt you where already at breaking point, easy to pull out the pitch fork at that time.

But you&#039;re less likely to hear from the people who would tell you the polar opposite of that because once taking lexapro providing you are feeling better it&rsquo;s easy to leave the dark world behind and return to the light. 

My suggestion to anyone who has been recommended this, ignore stigma and try this for at least 4 weeks at your doctors direction. GL ML"
"Was on microgynon for two years because of heavy periods, and while it worked I was awful at remembering to take it.
So I heard mirena could be an alternative and after a bit of research reading both really positive and really negative reviews I figured it was different for everyone and I wouldn&#039;t know unless I tried it myself. 
I was a little scared as not only have I never had a child, I am a Virgin ( age 20). 
But I took two paracetamol and went in completed relaxed listening to music. if you stress you will tighten up and it will inevitably hurt more. 
Yes it hurt,but for about 5 mins. I bled the first day, but not since. It&#039;s been three months, no spotting or bleeding at all. Incredible, best decision I made. Pain killers+relax=success"
"I&#039;ve been on keppra for about a year now. I am not the same person I use to be. I have lost motivation to do anything. I can&#039;t retain information. I introduce myself to people I already know because I can&#039;t remember anything even things I learned years ago. The worst part is I still have seizures. They just keep increasing the dose. I&#039;m up to 1500mg twice a day."
"My doctor wanted me to switch from Detrol LA to Vesicare to see if it controlled overactive bladder better. For a couple of days, it seemed to. I was going less often and the flow was strong. Then the Vesicare started irritating my prostate and I felt discomfort and/or burning much of the time. I took an OTC painkiller to ease that, and it helped somewhat. Then, after about 2 weeks&#039; use, I started getting mild headaches and severe neck pain. It felt as though I had been bitten by a wasp, but the pain didn&#039;t subside like an insect bite. The pain was in the nerves, not deep in the muscle. I also developed dry mouth early on. I am stopping taking the Vesicare and will return to the Detrol LA, which never caused a problem."
"I have been on nexplanon for little over 3 years. When I first had it inserted, I didn&#039;t have my period for 2 months. By the 3rd month I have very faint spotted bleeding. I did get a big nauseated, and had headaches. By the 4th month  I had a really heavy flow that lasted 2 weeks straight after the two weeks it lightened up over 3 days to nothing. From there I was fine, no cramps, no bleeding for 3 months. By then, it would be marked as my 7th month since the implant. I bled for a solid 12 days. And they felt like the worst cramps ever. I literally just stayed in bed for the first 7 days and as 3 weeks before bleeding,  I experienced period cramps. Since then my period was consistent. It came every 3 months and last a little over a week."
"I have been on this medication for about a year and I really do not like it.  Over the past 4 months I have had severe hot flashes and night sweats about 3 or 4 days before my  periods.  I have become very emotional (cry over the dumbest things) and now feel depressed.  I have an appointment this week with my GYN and will be changing to something different."
"Not really sure this drug is really helping. So neutral for effectiveness.
Have taken drug now for 4 months. Am starting to wean off of it due to all the negative side effects.
I would caution anyone thinking of taking this medication."
"I was only on it for about 3 months! I was on the toilet all day with explosive diarrhea!! I lost 40 to 50 pounds within that time period. My weight was down to 125 pounds. I&rsquo;m 42 years old now. The last time I weighed 125 pounds was in high school!"
"This was great birth control for the first 2 months. No mood swings, no weight gain, however my chest size did increase a little. My third month, unfortunately I started experiencing leg cramps which made me have to switch."
"I have had to be on this medicine 2 to 
Three times a year for the last three years. I wish I was able to give it to myself instead of being admitted everytime. Not sure if insurance covers it but it would be worth looking into."
"I had two seizures prior to removal of a benign right frontal lobe brain tumor.  I was initially placed on Keppra 1000 mg 2x/day.  After a year, I went down to 750 mg and the following year 500 mg.  My neurologist will keep me at 500 mg until I am 4 1/2 years from my surgery when he will take me to 250 mg for the final 6 months.  At that point, he says I am just as likely to have a seizure as someone who has never had a seizure.  I have no side effects from Keppra, but am looking forward to my 5 year mark when I will no longer have to take medication."
"On day two and definitely feeling better.  My wife caught the flu a day or two before me so I knew what was coming.  Got tamiflu withing 24 hours of onset.  I can feel symptoms strengthening as I get 10 or so hours after dose (dosing every 12 hours).  Not a miracle but anything that that makes this hellish flu less horrible is very, very welcome indeed.  No stomach problems."
"I was treated with this twice on it&#039;s own and a 3rd time with a 3rd drug added.  I have I have Hep C Subtype 1a.  None of the treatments helped me, but the side effects were devastating. I became anemic shortly after taking the treatment.  I was sick, exhausted and almost glad when the doctor told me that  that it wasn&#039;t working and they were taking me off it. I&#039;m now on Harvoni.  But my girlfriend had Hep C Type 2, it worked for her, but she suffered bad side effects during the treatment"
"Heart ramped up to 200 bpm. Received two doses of adenosine in ambulance as first dose didn&#039;t work.  EMT&#039;s warned me it would cause some pretty unpleasant feelings.  Intense burning and pressure occurred instantaneously, from my head to my toes.  It was pretty horrific, but short lived.  I even manged to joke how excited I was to receive a second dose and experience it again. Heart rate was in upper 90&#039;s by time I was settled in emergency room at the hospital."
"I was diagnosed with lupus 4 years ago and have been living in constant pain.  My knees have been the worst especially my right knee.  I was offered the Orthovisc injections for the first time in May 2011.  I just received my 3rd injection and I could tell immediately after the first one my knee was 95% better. I cannot express how good it feels to walk pain free for the first time in 4 years. I was near using a wheelchair every time I had to leave the house. I am so happy looking forward to seeing how long it lasts. My back quit hurting as well due to knee pain changing my gait caused back pain! I wish I had known about this sooner! I would recommend this to anyone.  I&#039;m so thrilled to feel like I use to and to be able to function."
"I was prescribed this for a car accident, but I kept taking it because it surprised me by erasing about 85% of my sacro-illiac pain. The pain had grown so gradually that I was in deep denial about it, even after the car wreck made it 10x worse.  Then all of a sudden it was mostly gone and I just broke down and cried from the miraculous relief - I&#039;m able to be physically active again even with unfixable injuries.  I have a few side effects: dizziness when standing quickly, and my blood pressure keeps trying to creep up, but the good greatly outweighs the bad still.  I&#039;ve had a gastrectomy which means I&#039;m at greater risk of stomach bleeding, so I&#039;m worried about the potential stomach side effects that increase the longer you take it, but nothing bad yet."
"I am 60 now and had Psoriatic Arthritis (arthritis worse than the psoriasis) since 44yr old, in the UK I first had cortisoids and then methotrexate worked very well indeed for 12y.       Finally the methx started to kill my liver.   Living in France now and I have used Humira for 28wks &ndash; this was some help at first, then arthritis returned. Excellent doctor here not started me on ustekinumab (steleara) &ndash; I am at 3.5 weeks and it seems slow to start to be effective. Using Diclofenac to keep mobile until it kicks-in. God bless the French medical system!"
"I LOVE THIS PRODUCT! I have suffered from profuse underarm sweating for over ten years and have tried EVERYTHING! Paper towels, over the counter clinical strength products, powder, only wearing white and black. I didn&#039;t want to buy expensive shirts because I knew they would be ruined soon. I have only been using this for 4 evenings, with one night off to shave, and I am about to go to class in a GREEN SHIRT. Normally I would have already started sweating but I am dry dry dry! I can hardly contain my excitement! Very very mild itching for ten minutes after application, but nothing unbearable. I had worse itching with Dry Idea. I would recommend this to everyone!"
"I had the same experience as smalltown123456. I have lost 90 lbs over the past 5 years and not lost any weight on saxenda over the past 5 months.  My doctor says I&#039;m a non-responder and amongst his patients there are 3 of us. We have all lost considerable weight before starting saxenda and not had any luck with saxenda helping us lose more weight. I also wanted to share my experience so people know saxenda doesn&#039;t always work as most of the comments are from people for whom the med did work.  It&#039;s dissapointing but hopefully there will be more options soon to help."
"My dentist doesn&#039;t use sedation so he prescribed 2mg lorazepam the night before, 1 in the morning and 1 an hour before my tooth extractions!! It worked wonders. I&#039;m terrified of dentists by the way. I also was prescribed this same dosing for a closed machine MRI, it was very effective. I also use 1 mg for anxiety (panic attacks). It is a bit less effective - I&#039;d give it a 7 out of 10 for that use."
"Got prescribed Cefdinir for Strep Throat and sinus infection and ear infection. I have a penicillin allergy that cause hives and hallucinations and it shows up on day 10 of taking penicillin. My doctor is aware I have this allergy. They prescribed Cefdinir and said that I will have a 10% chance of being allergic to this as well. So I got the prescription filled and took it like I was supposed to. On day 10 I woke up and my face is swollen, and wheezing. Discontinued taking the medication.  I took some benadryl and ibuprophen and it didn&#039;t touch my reaction. I went to the doctor the next morning and they ended up giving me an Epi shot in my arm and a steroid shot in my hip and prescribed Predisone for 4 days after that. Anaphylactic reaction."
"I&#039;m 17 and I got skyla put in 8 months ago and it&#039;s been bad ever since. It didn&#039;t help my period at all. I still get awful cramps and it has made my period last at least two weeks sometimes longer! I&#039;ve been back to the doctor three times since insertion and they have found nothing wrong with it. I&#039;m scheduling my appointment to get it taken out this week. I&#039;d rather have to worry about taking the pill every day instead of paying so much for pads and tampons every month!"
"I&#039;ve been on Tri-Previfem for 3 months now and it&#039;s been quite the whirlwind. Firstly, my periods are so much better, my cramps are non-existent, and my menstrual cycle is punctual. Additionally, my insurance covers all of it so its absolutely free. Although this may sound like a miracle period medicine it certainly has its cons (for me). I&#039;ve become extremely sensitive and needy. As a nursing student life is stressful and lonely enough to deal with, this medicine has amplified my stress, anxiety, and depression. I never thought I would be one of the unfortunate ones to experience the ugly side effects of a medication. This may be fitting for others but certainly not for me, I need my sanity back."
"On Zytiga for 6 months no side effects so far PSA went from 27 to 3 and most of all I feel so much better than I have for past 2 years. Now I have energy to get out and work and I am slowly losing weight, my blood sugar has trended slightly down as well."
"Took 2 pills...... TWO PILLS!!  Spent 3 hours in the ER with rapid heartbeats (over 100), chest tightness, anxiousness and the shakes.  Hospital did an array of tests and told me to stop taking...... No sheet.  Now the bad news..... Other doctor told me it can take up to a week to get drug out of system...... My advice..... Take one and wait a day or so to see how body responds...... In my case this pill was garbage and dangerous..... I have never had a reaction to a medicine like this...... Stay away from this antibiotic....."
"I was suffering for many weeks with pain , extreme urge to urinate at getting up 10-15  times a night . Urine volume was low plus very weak stream . My doctor subscribed Flomax . Took the first one four hours before bedtime . Almost cried because all the symptoms disappeared . Finally a good nights sleep . Couldn&#039;t believe how fast it worked . After a couple of days was back to my normal self . Normal stream , no pain or urge to urinate . Though it was a miracle drug . Then , after three days , the side affects started showing up . First a slightly sore back . Then overall general muscle weakness , dry ejaculation ( reverse ) , soft erection , very weak orgasm at first and finally no orgasm period . Stopped using this today . Day 5 ."
"I have been using this for 5 days now for Sinusitis, which I developed after a pretty significant bout with the flu. Because of prior condition in my sinuses in 2008 and inability to take the necessary antibiotic to resolve the condition, my sinuses were VERY FULL after this flu. I had severe pain in and behind my nose, under and above my eyes, etc. My ears felt like they would explode too. But, after these 5 days on Flonase and an antibiotic to treat the Sinusitis, I feel much better. I am, however, simultaneously taking supplements which aid in reducing inflammation and have altered my diet to dramatically reduce inflammatory-induced health problems. I believe lifestyle changes are the BETTER long-term solution, as steroids are NOT healthy."
"This medication is AMAZING! After 20  years of excessive sleepiness I can finally make it through the day at work without falling asleep. No more nodding off at the wheel and I can enjoy the evening with my family without falling asleep. I&#039;ve been in a great mood and have the energy I had when I was a kid.  I just wish I found out about this many years ago. I take 100mg early morning and 100mg early afternoon. I have had no side effects at all to date."
"Paxil helped me get my life and emotions back on track after depression linked to a divorce. I had been feeling more down than ever before, and couldn&#039;t shake it despite every effort through talk counseling, relaxation, and exercise. For the first 3-4 weeks, initially at 10 mg and then at 20 mg, I felt that Paxil was having no effect on me. But as it kicked in, I felt happier, more myself, and more alive than in years, sustained now for 3 months. It&#039;s been a very natural feeling, as if a fog has lifted rather than any medicated fakeness. Only side effect has been gaining 15 pounds (after losing 10 pounds from depression), even while training for and running a half-marathon. No difficulty cutting dosage to 15mg, and will soon cut to 10mg."
"Finished thus medicine only too remain sick. I think they need to rethink this one.... it was as if I took nothing. Horrible migraines for 4 days."
"I had the Mirena inserted 6 weeks after giving birth to my 3rd baby in August 2011 (I had also had it for a year after the birth of my 2nd baby). Inserting the Mirena has never been a painful experience in either time I had it put in, maybe because I had it put in after childbirth. I&#039;m not sure.. But I spotted off and on for 6 months (same as the other time) then my periods stopped completely, for 8 months! I had no side effects for my first year, which was wonderful... Until OCT 2012. I was spotting a little heavy for 2 weeks. I started having cramps, backaches, nausea, headaches... I felt like I was pregnant (which happened the first time I was on Mirena). I was too uncomfortable, and had it removed today by the obgyn. Not using this method again."
"I have severe chronic abdominal pain and the only medication that controls my pain is Dilaudid. I was first given Dilaudid IV in the hospital after I had a reaction to morphine and it was AMAZING. In less than a minute my pain was essentially gone.  The IV Dilaudid is, in my opinion, the greatest medicine ever invented. I now take 4 mg tablets six times a day for my pain and it keeps my pain at about a 4, as opposed to being 9 or 10 without it. I have a really sensitive stomach but I don&#039;t get nauseated from it like I do with other pain meds. "
"For some reason the stinging only happens to me when I use it at night. To avoid the stinging I now use it in the morning after I shower and towel off.  The day I use it, I don&#039;t wear clothes that I worry about staining.  Drysol has worked fantastic for years under my arms.  I now only have to use it about once a week.  Unfortunately, no matter how I use it on my feet it hasn&#039;t helped them."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 2 weeks and I feel zero side effects. I&#039;m in my mid thirties and have had horrible PMDD depression for 20 freaking years! I started lybrel so I can stop my period for a while and have a break from those dark days. I was so worried lybrel would cause mood problems and I&#039;m so relieved it has not. I give it an 8 rather than 10 because it&#039;s only been a couple of weeks. There&#039;s still time for things to go south but so far I&#039;m so glad I started this! Only wish I&#039;d done it sooner."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for severe chronic pain due to endometriosis. I have been taking it for about 9 months continuously with no placebo. I have not had a period since taking it which makes the pain a lot more bearable. I have gained about 10-15lbs. Major sweet tooth that I didn&#039;t have before. My breasts are also bigger. In all I&#039;d definitely recommend this pill for endometriosis pain. My chronic pain is still there, but wayyy more manageable! I plan to stay on this pill, skipping periods as long as my doctor allows. It&#039;s the only thing that has lessened the pain."
"My breathing has improved;  however,  I have had voice side effects.   I lost my voice and started feeling sick with an upper respiratory illness approximately a week after starting Breo.  I thought I was sick until I took a full dose of antibiotic and nothing changed."
"Ladies..MY DOCTOR SUGGESTED THIS! I am 15 weeks pregnant with a mild YI and my OB told me to buy this stuff instead of being seen. First day was slight hell, second day was in hell and last night..oh last night was like satans breath on my whoha. My poor husband had to hold my hand while I squeezed it to nothing. I have never been in that much pain and I&#039;ve gone through natural childbirth! Luckily my vagina walls were awesome and pushed most of it out but for the next 2 hours I was sitting in the tub crying. No yeast infection in the world is worse then this. My OB is getting a call from me on Monday."
"I was prescribed this for allergies, particularly for constant nasal blockage and sinus congestion.  My doctor advised that it would take 2-3 weeks to take effect. I took it for over a month and had nothing but issues. First off, it did absolutely nothing for my symptoms. In fact, it made them worse. I went from being stuffy and having sinus pressure to the point of it being very painful. I would wake up in the middle of the night so congested that my nose and sinuses hurt so badly, I had to take Advil. It made me start snoring very loudly, regardless of which position I slept in (probably due to the worsening sinus blockage). Since I stopped taking this, I no longer snore and my allergies, while not gone, are better."
"I was on the NuvaRing for 6 years or so, and I LOVED it while I was on it. I didn&#039;t have issues with feeling it, or it coming out during sex. Sometimes if I was having sex we&#039;d take it out just cause it can get uncomfortable being (essentially pounded) in the same place. 

I went off of it about 4 months ago. I only went off it because the hormones started to mess with me. My libido dropped, I couldn&#039;t get wet, and freaked out emotionally before my period every month. I wish the hormones didn&#039;t affect my body like that, cause I really liked this birth control."
"I have suffered from depression for about six years now. I am a female and about to turn 22. I was put on Zoloft because I recently began to experience severe anxiety over little things. Walking around campus terrified me. I couldn&#039;t go through drive-thru&#039;s or phone someone I didn&#039;t know. My mood swings were becoming ridiculous and I had been having more obsessive suicidal thoughts. I started Zoloft 50mg and everything was wonderful for a month then it wore off. I slipped back into severe depression. I just started taking 100mg and feel so much better! The only side effect I have experienced are a little insomnia, slight loss of appetite, random hand twitching, and some forgetfulness. I finally enjoy life and don&#039;t want to just give up."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been on the pill since I was 14. I recently changed birth control to Nuvaring and it has its ups and downs. Pros- super convenient, easy to deal with during sex, doesn&#039;t slip out and I can&#039;t feel it during every day activities. As I read the cons of other women, I thought it wouldn&#039;t have pertained to me but some do. Cons- my boyfriend and I feel it during sex so we take it out, it gets me very moody and emotional, if my sex drive was at 100%; it&#039;s now at 40%. I&#039;m going to stick with it though. You won&#039;t know how it effects you until you try it."
"I took Postinor 2 within 12 hours of the unprotected sex then two days after had I brown spotting for 3 days. I read online that brown spotting is a sign of an early pregnancy. I was worried sick  I took a pregnancy test and the result was negative. I ate parsley then the next day my period came but it came 5 days early. It truly works !! Don&#039;t worry. Don&#039;t wait take it within the recommended time"
"Headache for about a month off and on.
I was prescribed this medication and I took one waited 45 minutes and felt nothing so I took a second one and a hour later nothing. So this medicine didn&#039;t work for me but the positive side I had zero negative side effects. But unfortunately I had zero positive side effects.
I really wanted it to work.
I gave it a five because it didn&#039;t hurt me but it didn&#039;t help me. I hope others in pain  find relief."
"I simply could not go on without Lyrica. I have a peripheral neuropathy known as Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. I experience numbness, pinching, burning, tightness, and severe pain in my feet and lower extremities. I have had to stop driving. The condition has caused a wasting of the muscles in my legs, which has led to problems with walking and balance. It is a progressive condition which I&#039;m led to believe will one day cause similar symptoms in my hands and arms. As soon as I assume a horizontal position (as in going to bed), all the above symptoms return and I find that the Lyrica cannot control these very well. I take the maximum dose of 600 mg spread out over 24 hrs."
"I had massive amount of fluid retention and I lost 50 pounds in 5 days @ 1 pill a day taken with my Lasix , it worked great for me and I&#039;m very happy with the results .... thanks to my new doctor , it got rid of a lot of fluid that was inside of me and I thank God he gave then to me ... that is the only thing that worked for me . Now I&#039;m 70 pounds lighter thanks to that lil small pill ....."
"This medicine has helped control my chronic back pain, and I am able to do normal things but with limitations."
"I have moderate-to-severe Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). I take 1 or 1.5 mg of REQUIP nightly. It is 100% effective in eliminating all symptoms of RLS. I have no side-effects. It has been a miracle drug for me. I also want to say Mirapex (pramipexole) was also 100% effective for me, with no side-effects."
"Went ER on Saturday got Reglan, Benadryl and Toprol, along with a bag of saline. Yummy combination, knocked out my migraine and me. Slept for an hour in hospital then another 4 at home. I&#039;m still wiped out but after a doozy of a migraine I am exhausted for at least 5 days post. Almost like a hangover."
"I have been using Privine Nose Drops for more than 50 years and they are the only product that really helps my severe nasal congestion from colds, allergies or sinus infections.  Best of all, Privine gives me no bad side effects whatsoever, unlike all of the other nose drops and nasal sprays that I have tried.  Privine should be sold in all drugstores but now."
"I&#039;ve had problems with birth control pills and in my 30s I tried a Paragard IUD and loved it. Two years ago I tried Mirena because my OB-GYN didn&#039;t have Paragard in stock.  I started to gain weight almost immediately and my mood swings from anxiety to depression.  Everyone said that the hormone dose is too low to cause problems and to give my body time to adjust. Recently my doctor removed the Mirena and noted that I used to have low blood pressure, but now it&#039;s high, and I&#039;ve gained over 10 lbs. (same problems I had on birth control pills). I&#039;ve always had light periods so Mirena provided little benefit and miserable side effects."
"I have been on 90mg Avinza along with three 10/325 Percocets per day which makes the pain a bit less.  I have had three lower back surgeries with more in the future if I plan to continue walking."
"Prescribed after repeated ear infections and the last cold that turned into a sinus infection.

Felt better by the second day and sinuses opened up. I did have a bout of diarrhea on day 2 but had had soft bowels prior to starting this medication, so I cannot be certain that it was from that. I took Pepto Bismol tablets throughout that morning and did not have it again. I did feel tired, had a slight stomach ache as if carrying around a brick the first few day, feverish/chills but not really as well as somewhat sedated and &quot;out of it&quot; but not unable to function.

I was glad to come across this Web site on day 2 of my treatment. I alleviated the side effects by taking with Greek yogurt, a probiotic pill, a full glass of water, and a starch."
"39 yo male. Diagnosed with hypogonadism following a rather rapid loss of erections in Nov. 2015. Unable to maintain a normal erection. Loss of libido. Doctor found low testosterone as the issue. Levels were between 175 and 275; free testosterone at 6.2.  I was prescribed Androderm 2mg patches and wore them for three weeks. Brought my T levels up to 350. My urologist upgraded me to the 4mg patch and wore those for approximately 2 weeks. While on the 2mg patch I noted irritation at the site beginning after about 7-10 days. I was rotating application sites as instructed but the reaction continued to get worse. Ended up switching to Axiron because the reaction to the patches was becoming severe/extreme. I was covered in itchy spots."
"Worked as expected. No solid food after dinner two nights before procedure day, clear liquids only, began at 6:00pm, then chased each glass of prep with ginger ale on ice for taste. Important to use straw with prep; helps bypass the taste on tongue. Residual cleansing continued into the night for several hours, but not too inconvenient."
"I just wish I had this done sooner. I could have saved my relationship. It&#039;s only been 5 days on the medication and there&#039;s already a dramatic difference in my thinking. I&#039;m relaxed, I haven&#039;t been able to put an outfit together in almost a year. I didn&#039;t know I had a generalized anxiety disorder. I had somebody I truly care about and they&#039;re gone. Mental illness is very real. And this stuff is magical."
"Stelara is a wonder drug! It has cured up to 98% of the psoriasis I have suffered from for 50 years. No side effects (so far) apart from helping with arthritis of the knees. I can recommend this drug, although very expensive, from my personal experience."
"Been having constipation for over a year due to autonomic neuropathy, I was only going perhaps once a week or less and than it was a small amount. I was diagnosed with gastroparesis and put on that medication. The constipation continued. Went back to the Gastrologist who prescribed this medication. 
On morning of the 9th day (8 days of taking med) it finally kicked in, filled the pot, twice that day. 
However, constipation continued to point I had blockage. 
I have had no relief since day 9, have used for 6 weeks so far.
I take the med same time each day.
Its like taking nothing, again.
I have started experiencing headaches, unknown if related to this particular medication or to the autonomic neuropathy.
Will be returning to dr for other ideas."
"Works like a charm.  It has significantly helped me with concentration- whether sitting in a lecture or retaining my train of thought, restlessness, and some impulsiveness.  One thing- for me, mixing with caffeine is a no-no, as it makes me jittery and shaky.  But I can do a half-caf coffee. Only negative things: tolerance does develop over time, unfortunately; it only lasts up to 12 hours, and as a student, I&#039;m up early and go to bed late, so I take a 10mg Methylphenidate tablet 40 minutes before or after dinner to keep me focused for a bit longer.  Around 1 am though, I get pretty restless."
"I got Nexplanon in January, and the doctor assured me the side effects would go away after 2-4 months. It&#039;s now September, and there&#039;s no end in sight. I have literally bled constantly (either on my period or heavy spotting) every single day for 8 months. Now I&#039;m on my period and it&#039;s lasted 2 wks and it just keeps going, so I&#039;m getting the implant taken out. I&#039;m fed up. 

I also got moderate, daily headaches for the first 6 months, periods of acne off and on, and I&#039;ve been more moody and depressed. Yes, it&#039;s great that I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill every day. But I have to remember to wear a pad/tampon, and b/c of the moods and bleeding I&#039;ve only had sex a handful of times in the last 8 months. It&#039;s not worth it. I&#039;m done."
"Love this medication - however - it&#039;s being pulled from the market. When I filled a prescription yesterday, my pharmacist informed me I would not be able to get it anymore."
"The medicine worked SO well on my acne. Not even 10 days after beginning the prescription and my acne was already clearing up. Unfortunately I had an allergic reaction to the Sulfa in the medicine and was rushed to the hospital because the reaction caused the platelet levels in my blood to drop to extremely dangerous levels. 
I&#039;m still searching for a medicine that works like this one did without the sulfa in it."
"I was given dilaudid by iv while I was pregnant, for gallstone pain. I was so depressed because I stayed sick and in pain and I couldn&#039;t experience the joys of being pregnant. But dilaudid allowed me to be a little bit more comfortable."
"I will never take this medication again.  I took it around 9pm and woke up around 1am with some light cramping.  About 15 minutes later, I was doubled over in pain.  I have a pretty high tolerance for pain but the pain was so bad with this laxative that I was on the verge of vomiting/passing out. It did clear me out and I felt fine after and the next day.  But the pain was so bad that it is just not worth it for me to take this again."
"I was given this medication after a major panic episode and I noticed a good change a few weeks after taking it. It helps your mind wander and not focus on the bad things. It also just made me a generally happier person. However, I skipped a few days (I&#039;m on the 75mg) and the side effects were terrible. I got hot flashes, awful nightmares, I was so dizzy I could barely walk, I was disoriented and couldn&#039;t focus on anything, and I was absolutely exhausted. I started taking it normally again but it makes me a little nervous to stop taking it permanently...
Before taking this medication I would definitely weigh &quot;do I want to be on this for a really long time?&quot; Or &quot;I can tough this out.&quot;"
"I have rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, degenerative disc, neck issues and this is the only medicine that doesn&#039;t bother my stomach (gastric ulcer) or give me panic attacks. The problem is being able to get it because of abuse by other people. "
"I&#039;ve been on Saxenda a little over 2 weeks now and I&#039;m down 8 pounds today.   I&#039;m very pleased.  The side effects are manageable and the appetite suppression is wonderful.  I&#039;ve been walking most nights for 1/2 hour.  I hope to lose 60 more pounds and get close to my goal weight by Christmas.  Good luck everyone"
"This medicine takes the edge off my back pain without making me feel dozed out. I&#039;ve used many different brands in the past, but the Norco 10mg/235 works better for me than any of the other generics."
"I have been on Saphris for 6 month. I have had great results from it. I take Lamotrigine with it. The only down fall is bad taste and I have gained 40 pounds on it! I&#039;m trying to weigh my pros and con&#039;s. Other than weight gain great medication."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and got my first YI as soon as I moved in with my husband. I called my mom crying, and didn&#039;t know what to do. So she recommended this product, stating that it sucks but will get rid of my problem with my lady parts... Sucks!? That&#039;s not justifying how horribly itchy this is!! Let&#039;s just say I thought I would be fine, I stood up thinking it was all going to be normal and I was going to lay down... My head hit the pillow and I started itching a little... Then it hit me, it felt like a fire ants and a million bug bites at once. My first night... Going to tough it through the next 6... I wish you luck to whoever is brave enough to take on this challenge"
"Ending my 4th day taking this BC and I&#039;ve been extremely nauseous since yesterday, didn&#039;t even go to work today. Weak. So sick feeling, bloated, constipated, angry and NOOOOO fuse. Yelling at my kids. So upset over this, I hate BC pills."
"Took the pain away in 15 min. The injection site bruises and bleeds. But still worth it. I felt the nausea associated with this medication for about the first 10 mins and extreme tiredness. Got it as a sample but will for sure fill the prescription. Most effective and fastest working migraine medicine so far."
"This was horrible. I had constant bleeding for 7 months, cramps and headaches. My local Dr. inserted it too deep and I drive 70 miles away to the Nurse midwife that delivered my child so that she could remove it. It took her over an hour to get it out. Scar tissue had to be ripped off it to free it from my arm. I DO NOT recommend this horrible little device."
"The first day I was on this medicine I didn&#039;t think about it until a few people at work said I seemed more energetic than usual. When I got home my wife said that not once that evening did I say how tired I was. I then realized that I wasn&#039;t tired as usual and felt like doing something other than sit on the couch. I have been on the medicine for 3 weeks and this 50 year old feels 30 again. The best way to describe how I felt before it was like I was in a fog and walking through corn syrup. That is gone and I feel great."
"I love the results from this medicine.  I am not anxious and haven&#039;t cried or had a rage fit.  Sad to say, I am suffering major side effects such as throwing up, loss of appetite, can&#039;t swallow, sweats, can&#039;t sleep, shaking all over, teeth clenching on and on and on.  BUT it beats the hell out of anxiety, crying all the time and severe and sometimes violent mood swings."
"I was given Reglan pre surgery last month. My daughter was with me and warned me that she had a bad experience with the drug; made her anxious and weird feeling. The nurse said that the chances of me experiencing any symptoms were very low, so I went ahead and let her administer it to me. Bad decision! The side effects were  horrifying. I felt the need to leave the hospital and felt super anxious. Luckily they were able to rinse out with saline and the effects subsided. If my daughter wasn&#039;t with me to explain, I would have thought I was losing my mind! Never again!"
"As a general rule I don&#039;t like liquid medicines, however I did find a few tricks I have read on the internet worked quite well for me and maybe for some other people with issues.  I found that putting the prep bottles in the fridge for about 12-24 hours before use so as to make the solution as cold as possible makes it taste less like medicine.  I also found that reconstituting the Suprep with ginger ale instead of tap water helps to get the prep down much easier.  Also use a straw so that you can shoot the medicine as far back in your throat as possible to avoid as much as possible certainly helps."
"Within days of starting this medication I became a different person.  Anxious, depressed, hopeless.  I thought the world had turned against me for some reason and couldn&#039;t muster the strength to get dressed in the morning.  But the worst part, if you can imagine something worse than constant anxiety, was the fear.  It was like being afraid for your life every minute.  I began checking the door locks 5 or 6 times because I feared being murdered in my sleep.  It was when I was making plans to set up my bed in the closet did I finally have the moment of clarity that this wasn&#039;t rational thinking and something was very wrong!  Stopped taking Singular and was back to cheerful, sunny, optimistic, confident self in 2 days.  Never again!!!"
"I swear by it. I would recommend it to anyone."
"Parnate is the bomb. After trying all the ssri nothing worked.  Put me on parnate built a million dollar company got married and now have 4 children. Love it!!"
"I am on my 3rd pack and I would rather have a period once a month then dealing with everything else. The first pack was great no side effects and no period. Once I got to the second pack I have had horrible mood swings and I just will start crying for no reason. My lower back and my stomach cramp up I get bad headaches and I am tired all the time."
"changed to Yasmin after using levest for 2 months and breaking out horribly. It didn&#039;t really make a difference, I thought it would just be due to the settling in period but I&#039;ve been on yasmin for four months now. my skin only started to get better towards the end of the third month. I&#039;ve only really seen a significant difference now I&#039;ve been using duac for a couple of weeks (I used duac two years ago to clear my skin). I started using duac again during my break week so didn&#039;t know whether using the pill and duac together would work. A couple days after I finished my break week I broke out immediately around my chin (where hormonal acne usually is). Also, although my skin is now almost smooth it&#039;s marked badly!! :("
"I had this inserted in October 2013 after consulting with my doctor, who pushed it for the convenience. Insertion was quick and painless, with minor stinging. The first 2 months were AWFUL with acne, depression, crying, and mood swings, which stabilized once I recognized the cause. Months 4 to 6 were even worse because I would not stop bleeding. Numerous times I wanted it removed, but my doctor told me to give my body 6 months to adjust. Finally after almost 10 months my body is doing better. Bleeding has stopped for 6 weeks and counting although I am fighting slight weight gain of 3 to 5 pounds. Yes, you cannot beat the convenience, but you need to seriously consider the side effects because they were unbearable many times for me."
"Eliminated hot flashes, slept through the night, mood was great, mind sharp, no more brain fog! Lost weight because I am not craving sweets and salty foods all the time. Energy up, feel 20 years younger! The bad part is that it is so expensive, but it has no side effects for me and works quickly. Love it."
"I can honestly say, after years and years of dealing with my anxiety, leaving school to be homeschooled, not being able to function and just accomplish and do the things I wanted to do, being a slave to anxiety every second of my life, finally at 18, after a year of what has been the worst anxiety of my life, I made the decision to take Paxil. 26 days on the medicine and I can honestly say it has changed my life, and saved it. I have never felt so wonderful in my entire life, anxiety does not exist in my life or control me anymore, I am now in control, and it was such a beautiful relief to have such an incredible outcome."
"I&#039;m a 40 year old male who didn&#039;t have the benefits of medications when I was in school. ADD wasn&#039;t as well known back then. I was diagnosed with hyper dyslexia. I always thought that it was strange because I didn&#039;t see letters backwards but I just accepted it. I was officially diagnosed with ADD in my mid 20&#039;s. I have taken most of the medicine options over the past 12 years including Concerta, Strattera, Adderall, Ritalin and Ritalin LA. Couldn&#039;t sleep on Concerta, I was out of my mind with Strattera, Adderall was like popping caffeine pills and Ritalin was too high maintenance as it neutralized after 2-3 hours. Then I found Ritalin LA. It&#039;s not the magic bullet but it&#039;s the best that I have found so far. It costs me 10X generic but worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin Fe for a year now. A couple weeks into the first month I felt  really sick, I was  extremely bloated, and threw up a few times. But after that it has been great. It has reduce my periods from 7-8 heavy days to 1-3 light days. 
It costs $23 dollars for me every month with insurance, and the coupon my obgyn gave me. The only semi-bad part to this is that you don&#039;t get your period every month. I&#039;ve gone 3 months straight without having a period which can be scary at times. Also, I used to be 96 lbs. and since then I gained 8 lbs. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s because of the pill or because of my eating habits. My sex drive hasn&#039;t changed either."
"Me and my girlfriend are both on them. Works excellent. We both have bad back pain and its the best!"
"Before beginning this BC, my cycle would come every 28 days and last for 3 - 4 days.
I began this BC on September 20th. Now, soon to begin my third month on this pill, I have not had a normal period. I only spot every day. Because of the spotting, I am no longer intimate with my partner, therefore my sex drive has diminished. I have also developed daily headaches, and gained weight. I am going to  look into other options"
"Lexapro is amazing except for the massive weight gain. I have gained thirty-five pounds in two years. I workout 4 days a week and eat healthy. I have to accept the fact that being mentally healthy comes at having a stomach."
"Prozac is my miracle medicine. I have been on 6 different antidepressants over the years and Prozac is the only one that ever helped me feel &quot;normal&quot;, with NO side effects. It is wonderful, it&#039;s hard to find an SSRI that causes no side effects for me. Prozac has been the only one and I just love it. My quality of life is much better now and I can function in a happy state of mind. Wonderful."
"My son used Rynatan for nasal congestion due to allergies and it&#039;s awesome."
"I smoked for 37 years and quit with Chantix. I stopped after 3 weeks continued medication for about 6 weeks. Side effects was some nausea lasting for about 30 minuets after taking. Did have headaches some. Had Great dreams. I felt like I would never be able to quit but 2 months before I started I seen 2 of my coworkers quit and they smoked like 2 packs a day and I smoked less than a pack. I started Chantix with a positive attitude that this was going to work for me and could not be happier with the results. I am now 6 months smoke free even had almost a full pack in my purse for about a month then threw them in the back seat of my car one day because they were in my way. I am confident that I will remain smoke free and with more money."
"It tastes bitter but goes away in the morning and isn&#039;t really bothersome because you are finally asleep."
"I went on this because my friend recommended it and because I like the convenience. While on it however, I experienced horrible anxiety and depression. I also had a weird headache and taste in my mouth all month. My appetite varied wildly; I would be so hungry and then not at all. My period, which usually lasts three days and is very light, lasted eight days and I had horrible cramps. During my period I also felt light-headed and out of it. "
"Worst experience ever!!! Immediately after applying it starts itching burning horrible sensation I have ever had ... !!! Do not buy it!!!"
"For the first few months, I bled everyday. After 2-3 injections, the bleeding stopped for the most part, with occasional random bleeding now and then, and light bleeding near the time I was due for my next shot.

Yes, you WILL very likely experience the &quot;breakthrough bleeding&quot; side effect, and it can be annoying having to use pads/tampons constantly, but if you can deal with that, it is a great birth control solution.

I have smoked cigarettes while using Depo. This caused an increase in bleeding when I regularly smoked. I noticed after 3-4 injections when my bleeding lessened to almost a stop, if I smoked cigarettes, I would bleed later. So if you smoke, this might affect how much/often you bleed."
"Omg!!!!!!!!! Worst thing I ever took in my entire life I literally felt like I would rather die if thIs pain lasted any longer !! My vagina was literally on fire after 5 mins of use it was so bad I was considering going to the hospital and honestly it is still on fire "
"During the first month I experienced extreme nausea and gained 5lbs quickly! I was always hungry. The moodiness came during the 3rd pack. On my fourth pack and the new side effect i have is yeast infections! Last month the day after my cycle, my first yeast infection. It is interfering with my sex life w/ my husband. Seeing that this is becoming a regular inconvenience i will be changing my birth control indefinitely."
"I have sleep apnea and am a home-shcooling mom of 3. Today was my first day taking this medicine and I have made it through the whole day without somehow trying to make time to take a nap. It was actually a very productive day for me! I am so happy to maybe have finally found my miracle. I hope the progress continues and I will write again soon to update the progress. It is 6:30pm and I am still okay. Laundry is going, dishes are done and I am good."
"Started hearing whispers for the first time in my life at my current age of 29 while pregnant, (very scary). This pill 20mg has been a miracle. I&#039;M GOOD. I take my pill at night with enough food! I wish I could hug the people who made it. I never thought in a million years I would have experienced hearing voices."
"Honestly, every woman is different, I am currently 17 years old and I inserted Implanon when I was 15 and so far all I have to say is just try it. Its easy to forget you have it and it protects you 100%! I did have much side effects, such as: heavy bleeding, horrible menstrual cramps, and low sex drive, but in all honestly every woman is different. Try it, it works and its an amazing option of birth control."
"I&#039;ve lost weight and feel better"
"I started out taking lexapro for anxiety and depression. I took it for a month then had to switch to citalopram because of insurance issues. The side effects on citalopram have been troublesome including dry mouth, nausea, headaches sleepiness and feeling &quot;gaggy&quot;. Worst of all though I have been having fits of anger and rage. I did not have these symptoms before taking the medicine. The suicidal thoughts are gone but the side effects just aren&#039;t worth it. I&#039;m very glad to hear that it has worked well for some."
"Have two torn rotator cuffs and been in physical therapy for over a year. I first was taking nothing until ALL MRI&#039;s, x-rays etc were done after I had waited a month before going to the DR. Dr. first put me on two Endocet 10/325 a day and was sent to a Orthopedic Clinic. Ortho.&#039;s plan, Physical therapy, quarterly injections of cortisone and continue PCP pain treatment. With physical therapy 3 times per week, an increase of one more tab per day was requested by my physical therapist to withstand the pain. So I have been on 3 per day for about a year with good results. Osteoarthritis has set up in my shoulder joints as well due to the damages caused by my tears/accident. Sleeping is a huge problem still! No side effects on me."
"You don&#039;t need it.
It helped at first. After about a year of regular use, it stopped helping, and instead made me very angry. By then, I was taking around 5mg/day, and had a long taper ahead of me to ease the hellish physical dependency.
You don&#039;t want the taper. You don&#039;t want to numb your feelings with this horrible tranquilizer. You are worth more and you have more in you than you want to believe when you sign up for this cop-out nightmare."
"Geodon is a VERY GOOD medication: made me nicer, and lose the weight put on by the other antipsychotics I&#039;ve been on. I feel quite normal now. I&#039;m even thinking about looking for part-time work."
"I have been using Androgel for about 3-1/2 weeks now. 4 pumps a day( 5 grams), and I am finding no difference in mood, sex drive, libido, weight, or anything. I have been applying it as recommended, yet nothing. I do not know my numbers as of yet, as my Doctor prescribed this over the phone. I was hoping that this would help me turn the corner."
"This is my first experience with birth control and it had been very positive. I did have some bloating and mood swings in the first couple of weeks, but my doctor said it was normal because my body was adjusting to the drug. I used to have horrible acne that nothing would cure, but the pill has cleared almost all of it up. The acne did get worse for me at first, but it takes time to work. I also used to have severe cramping and now I have none."
"After having IBS for about 20 years I went to a new GI doctor. After trying diets and numerous tests he put me on Xifaxan for IBS D. The first few days I had a grumbling stomach and it felt like my stomach might get worse. However after a week on Xifaxan my bowel movements were normal and I no longer needed to run to the bathroom. I even ate sugar for the first time in months and I had no reaction. I feel like my life has changed and I can go out without worries."
"Really helped me with severe anxieties and mood swings. Calms me down, makes me less irritated and obsessive, helps me fall asleep. Better to take it before going to sleep. I tried taking it in the morning and couldn&#039;t get through the day (feeling too sleepy and out of it). It works wonders for those with extreme emotions."
"I went to my doctor and requested a totally different medication. Medication to give me energy which support my quitting and keep me from putting on weight. Well he decided to give me Zyban. Zyban gave me the energy I needed to exercise, stay alert, keep my mind off the cravings and eat a healthy diet. I lost weight on Zyban. After 2 weeks smoking with the medication I had my last smoke. The cravings were incredibly minimal. Yes I still thought about smoking and I still do. But the cravings were bearable. I could manage. They were easy! Zyban made me realise quitting smoking is easy and can be done. I urge you to try if you haven&#039;t before. No negative feedback what so ever on this drug."
"I was receiving Avastin for Diabetic Macular Edema in both eyes, with left eye being the worst of the two.  After 4 injections, no improvement, and left eye significantly worse!  I was so upset.  My doc recommended Eylea to try first in the left eye.  It&#039;s amazing.  Just had second injection today (yeah, they are no picnic, but worth it to see!), and this stuff is awesome.  I was reading 3 lines better than with the Avastin!  Also, Regeneron has me on a program where I pay only $5 for each injection, so I am mightily happy!"
"Week three after Vivitrol. Still having severe insomnia, goose bumps, depression,lack of energy and weakness. It did curb my desire for cigarettes but because I feel so horrible for so long I am craving a fix.  I&#039;m only on the fence with this injection."
"Took my first dose of the salty cherry flavored liquid. Cool water, thick smoothie straw, less than 2minutes! Did a 20oz of water each half hour after for an hour and a half.....it hit me 10 minutes in, no cramps or rush to the potty. Just needed to go like normal, first ten minutes and fluid was coming out more clear. The key to the taste, get it down quick and don&#039;t think about it (lemon wedges are a saving grace). Trick to easing potty pain, eat light three days before, liquids ONLY the day before and easy as 1,2 and done!"
"While propofol is great for knociking you out of uncomfortable procedures, I&#039;ve used it twice and both times have had a runny nose (i.e., constant dripping) for a couple of days following its use. This last time when I told the anestesiologist he said that wasn&#039;t related. But I have the exact same problem as last time."
"I have been using Drysol for almost three weeks for my sweaty scalp, and it has worked wonders. The product is totally amazing!!! I have only one small problem, after using Drysol my scalp has become blotchy. Can anyone recommend a lotion or cream for the discoloration of my scalp? Also I need to know that the moisturizer won&#039;t stop the Drysol from working. Please reply ASAP!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for about 6 mo. It&#039;s done it&#039;s job as for not allowing pregnancy, so I give it a 4. But for the first 2 weeks I was on it I was so sick- waking up at night drenched in sweat, lower back pain, cramps, no appetite, my face broke out, you name it... Now I only have cramps off and on, bloated, my period is lighter but I have been depressed for at least 2 moonth my appetite goes from nothing at all to wanting to eat everything. I have NEVER cried this much in my entire life. Also I will get headaches for a week to 2 weeks straight which has never happened to me. 
Everyone&#039;s body is different, this pill might do great things for you but it has not worked well with my body."
"Cystitis for what seems forever. Take Keflex 500mg. when an attack occurs. Told later by chemist who knew how often I get Cystitis, could go on preventative 250mg. daily so saw Dr. who said OK. After being months free, Dr.said no, go off it for a while. Three weeks later, worst dose of Cystitis ever. Luckily have Keflex on hand so along with Ural, will be seeing Dr. very soon. What&#039;s the risk of being on a preventative dose every day?"
"Had not taken birth control for about 2 years and decided to get back on it. Started out with apri and I would not recommend to my worst enemy. I normally have very clear skin but it made my face break out like a crazy and made me gain 10+ lbs. I am very athletic and eat healthy so I don&#039;t believe it could be contributed to my diet. The weight is also seeming impossible to get off when still on the birth control. It also made my breasts constantly tender. I do not recommend this."
"I have been taking Belviq for 3 months and have lost 43 pounds. It definitely curbs my appetite, and I don&rsquo;t crave carbs or sweets. I&rsquo;m hoping it keeps working as I have a lot more to lose. I highly recommend Belviq!!"
"Helped with depression at increased dosages but once at maximum dosage I had to change meds"
"I have severe anxiety including social anxiety that confines me to my apartment 95% of the time. I also suffer from trichotillomania where my anxiety is so bad I pull my hair out. Have had this for 20 years and all the shrinks could not help me. I am 32 years old and just recently have been put on Xanax 0.5mg 3 times daily as needed. Well the first week I slept and slept, which is good because I wasn&#039;t sleeping before. I also have bipolar disorder and severe depression. Pristiq helps a little but I am allergic to everything else. Xanax slows down my racing thoughts so I can think clearer and make decisions easier and is helping with the hair pulling but am still desperately searching for help with that and have not found it."
"I am 42yrs old and have always had problems with acne.  I have been through a countless array of topical, laser and medication regimes and this is the only thing that has worked.  My skin is clear and no more oil slick.  The only thing I am concerned about is the rapid weight gain...It is not a listed side affect but have gained 12lbs since starting in late December. "
"After 2 doses I noticed a significant difference in my urinary tract symptoms.  It does upset your stomach and make you feel nauseous.  Luckily, the doctor will only put you on this medicine for 3 days before the antibiotics start to kick in."
"I have flare-ups of arthritis in my knees. I am an 80 year old female.  I take Celebrex only as needed, at about 3 month intervals. When I have a problem walking, I take Celebrex 1 table a day for three days - it is like a miracle drug.  It does away with the knee pain and I am back to walking as I need to.  I have had NO side effects so far. I think it is a miracle drug.  Not everyone has had the same good fortune but this works for me and I keep it on hand for this limited use."
"I loved dymista when I started using it. Now after using several months I have horrible sores inside my nose, cold and hot chills, no energy to the point of not being able to get out of bed on my own, white spots just inside my nostrils. My nose is constantly bleeding and my family doctor justs laughs at me. I now have an appointment at an ENT."
"I haven&#039;t had a break- out since my doctor prescribed Solodyn. I&#039;m happy with my results."
"This seems to work well on my muscle tension when I take 10 mg as needed. But I can&#039;t take it as the hangover is terrible and I&#039;m grumpy and tired on it. I am taking Soma for temporary knee spasms after a fall which is much better."
"I took one 20mg pill. It works, I slept better than I had in years, sleep quality better than anything I had ever taken before. The problem was the next day. I was so sedated that I literally couldn&#039;t think or remember words. I felt nauseous all day and that night I almost fainted after eating dinner.

I didn&#039;t take the pill the next night and couldn&#039;t sleep at all. I had to take a double dose of benzos, melatonin and an Aleve because I was so achy. The next evening I went out with friends and had a few drinks. I was acting aggressively, obnoxious and completely out of character. 

I hope they come up with a better version of this drug. I&#039;m sad I can&#039;t take it due to side effects."
"I started abilify recently and it makes me restless like my mind is awake but my body is asleep but for the bipolar I feel so much better and like a new person. Besides the restlessness I love this pill."
"I get tonsilitis every year and recently I decided to go to the doctor to get some antibiotics. He prescribed me cefdinir and It worked great my tonsils cleared up but there is only problem. The side effects. I decided to not go the full 10 days and stopped using it after a week. I developed horrible vaginal itching as well as diarrhea which lead to blood in my stool. This medication did the job but I don&#039;t think I would ever take it again. Hopefully since I stopped this medication these side effects will go away soon."
"31 year old Female. I was on Zoloft for 4-5 years in college and then tapered off. After being off it for 5 years or so, my daily anxiety gradually started creeping back into my life until I reached a point last year where I would have horrible panic attacks everyday. I&#039;ve been on 75 MG a day for the past 7 months and I feel better than I have in years! It took a while to find the correct dosage for me, but once I have it&#039;s been amazing. Along with the Zoloft I also take 15 MG Buspar daily and Lorazepam as needed."
"Well, it worked well for me. I took it back in the early 90&#039;s as a young teenager with moderate acne.  The side effects are bad though, really bad.  My skin was so dry, as were my lips and scalp.  I was sick, had a lot of pain and anxiety and then depression.  I took a 6 month course and it was recommended that I take a second about a year later but I couldn&#039;t face the idea of the side effects. It did, however, do miracles for my skin, it has remained clear some 20 yrs later."
"This is so amazing, I had a severe outbreak and saw change in just a couple of days, now 2 weeks in to using it I am so much better, the redness and bumps has reduced by at least 80% and there is hardly any new spots since I started. I am from Sweden and Soolantra is subsidized, and the cost came to about 20 dollars, a fee that my employer reimbursed me."
"Ortho Tri Cyclen (in my opinion) seems to be the most effective birth control pill with the least amount of unwanted side effects. I have tried several generic forms as well as the Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo and experienced mild unwanted side effects such as cramping and spotting."
"My doc says I may be the 1 in 100,000 that just can&#039;t take it. My liver enzymes went off the chart and I am still recovering from acute hepatitus and muscle pain."
"3 weeks in.  Abdominal issues definitely present.  Not diarrhea but cramping, nausea, bowel urgency.  Lasts around 2 hours after taking the medication.  Can sleep through the side effects from the evening dose now.  Not sure if having any emotional effects.  Skin is clearing well for just three weeks on the med.  I had been on Enbrel for around 3 years and alternated from the 25mg dose to the 50mg dose.  Essentially stopped working. Must have developed antibodies."
"I have been on Xiidra for 5 months now and very happy with the results. I was waking up in the morning could not hardly open. And they hurt like heck. Used two kinds of OTC stuff nothing. Put me on Xiidra and  ointment and night. Feel like normal again.   Thank you     still have a little burning every now and then and blurry vision for about 10 mins, well worth it for my eyes to feel this good again."
"I&#039;m 22 and this is the 1st time I&#039;ve been on birth control. I&#039;ve always had irregular periods, missing them for 2-3 months so that I would only get 5-6 periods the whole year. I have had no side effects at all with Microgestin. During the placebo week, I actually got my period on time as predicted and it only lasted for about 4 days. I&#039;m used to it being very heavy and lasting a week. During the end of the 2nd week and throughout the 3rd week of the pills, I had brown discharge but that usually happens before I have my period. Overall, no complaints and it seems to be working!"
"I have been on this for almost a year and a half now. This medicine has changed my life. It has worked wonders for me."
"After 8 ear surgeries, the tinnitus had grown louder then I could bear. It became overwhelming to be in groups of people larger than 4, hard to concentrate (at work or at play) because of the weird, loud constant sounds and forget about going to sleep if you focus in on the noise, your mind will not let go of it!!
Alprazolam has not made it go away but, has put it where it belongs, in the far off background. Which has allowed me to live a pretty normal life once again. Thankful !"
"I am a 19 year old healthy female, 5&#039;2 138 pounds, however I was diagnosed with high blood pressure. I was having readings as high as 165/106. My doctor prescribed me this, 25MG once before I go to bed every night. I was on this for about two weeks before I started noticing a lot of hair falling out. Thank God she took me off before it got too noticeable, but other than this side affect I feel it was a pretty decent medication, it definitely lowered my blood pressure."
"16 years of bipolar1 all symptoms extremely difficult. Latter years mania faded to a all consuming depression.I fought it refusing to take antidepressants.it was to dark I gave in and tried Seroquel.it helped then I tried Latuda 20mg. helped immediately then to 40mg where I have been for 2 years,Thank and Praise God!!!"
"Started the first dose at 3:30pm. By 4:45pm I had 3/4 down but had to quit because I was gagging and almost throwing it up with each drink.  It&#039;s 9:20pm and nothing has happened yet. I feel like I have to go but nothing is happening, like I&#039;m constipated. I&#039;m worried because I know they will stop the procedure and make you come back if you aren&#039;t cleaned out.  I have my second dose planned for 4AM. Hopefully it is working by then."
"I started experiencing insomnia after separation and subsequent divorce.  Had &quot;back-end insomnia&quot;.  Basically I could fall asleep for 2-3hrs but then would wake up.  Suffered from this for 3 years.  Basically I have an underlying anxiety that nothing could over power.  Not ambien, lunesta, zquil, melatonin, alcohol, valerian, etc.  However, I got a cold and took Vicks nightime decongestant.  Slept like a baby.  Awoke euphoric.  It had doxylamine in it. 25 mg.  Been on for 6 weeks.  25 mg a night. Sleep 7-8 every night.  Often awake feeling great.  Euphoria is the only side effect!  Doxylamine is really good for me.  "
"I&#039;m going to college in a week and thought Skyla would be easier than keeping up with the pills. I got it inserted yesterday, about a month before my period so my cervix wasn&#039;t open AT ALL. I&#039;m not going to lie it was the worst pain I&#039;ve ever felt. Even the 30 minutes after it when I felt sick, like I was going to faint &amp; was sweating was horrible. I had constant killer cramps for the rest of the day, but today they have settled down and they aren&#039;t so bad. Over all, the insertion was unbearable, but I&#039;m definitely glad that I got it. Honestly we&#039;re women and we&#039;re strong enough to get through anything so don&#039;t let this post throw you off. Everyone&#039;s body is different &amp; we all react differently."
"Prostrating headaches and malaise lasting 24 hours and not responding to any analgesic with useless assistance, suggestion from Customer Service that should be regarded as poor Service to a Customer who spends lots of money. It has been a bad-bad experience!"
"I have been taking Paxil CR for a few months.  My doctor and I tried many many things.  I think an entire year of my life was spent on playing with medications and dosages.  I am currently taking 37.5 + 12.5 and have been for a while now.  I haven&#039;t felt this &quot;steady&quot; in years.  I can leave my apartment feeling &quot;Free&quot; now.  I used to be borderline agoraphobic. I still have a long way to go but Paxil has done NOTHING but GOOD for me. Good Luck!"
"Please please anyone starting on citalopram keep with it, when I was taking them a few weeks I felt like giving up thinking nothing was going to  help me, I was so bad I couldn&#039;t leave the house, even after couple of months wasn&#039;t sure if I was ever going get back to feeling my usual self , BUT, now after 5 months I feel great. I just feel like my old self, no more side affects no more staying at home worrying and no more anxiety, I still think sometimes, right am I ok, but then just brush it aside and I suppose that will go with time as well. So Definitely stick in there, don&#039;t give up...."
"I had unprotected sex on the 9th. I took plan b on the 10th 20 hours later. On the 22nd I got a positive pregnancy test. Same on the 23rd. So here I am. Pregnant. Guess I&#039;m one of the unlucky ones"
"Brand name Zithromax works better than the lower quality generic however I&#039;ve found that Zithromax isn&#039;t the greatest when you have infections of both upper and lower airways, it may be due to antibiotic resistance. Same thing with amoxicillian alone happens, not as effective as it use to be years ago."
"I&#039;m confused about comments. Do most bi- polar 1 patients find Geodon taken before sleep helps sleeplessness? I have been taking Geodon the last 6 months and weaned myself off of lithium. The only side affect I have with Geodon is sleeplessness. Is Geodon more effective taken in the evening? I see my Dr.in a month, I will bring up patient responses to Geodon,taken before bedtime. I&#039;m willing to try! "
"OMG! I would rather deal with the YI then this cream. The first night I put it in it burned so bad it took my breath away. I thought it was burn because maybe the infection was worse than I thought. So next night right back in the same pain can&#039;t breathe, can&#039;t make the pain stop. Wishing like hell I wasn&#039;t dumb enough to use night three but I did. I&#039;m praying it&#039;s not causing damage to my vagina. I will never use a cream again. I feel like a hot poker with spikes and poison ivy has be shoved up there."
"I had my skull IUD places in October of 2014. The procedure was quick, just under 10 minutes. I took 800mg of ibuprofen before it to offset the cramping. It was 3 cramps. the last one being the worst but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. I used to get horrible periods, 7days of bleeding and cramping requiring 800mg of ibuprofen around the clock. The first two months with he skyla I experienced cramping and bleeding just about everyday. At the end of month 2 the bleeding and cramping subsided. I haven&#039;t gained weight, don&#039;t feel out of emotional control and haven&#039;t had a period since! I love this. The only reason for a 9/10 is I believe I may have developed slightly more acne. It&#039;s hard to tell since I had acne before though. Still so happy!"
"My son has used various stimulants for 5 yrs.  Still struggling because of impulsivity &amp; super high metabolism, the docs wanted to add non-stimulants.  We started w/ Intuiv, which dropped his bp way too low (75/43) so stopped after 2 wks.  Tried Clonidine IR and it worked GREAT the 1st 2 days, then fine (not great, just fine).  The doc changed to Kapvay for long-acting effects, but we stopped after 2 wks because he got awful insomnia (took 2-3 hrs to fall asleep instead of his usual 15 mins).  Last night we went back to Clonidine IR - he fell asleep quickly and slept great!  I give Kapvay a 2 because it decreased his impulsivity a bit, but the insomnia was awful, he got more aggressive/emotional, and really affected him negatively."
"this is ridiculous I&#039;ve been on my period for almost 2 weeks I&#039;m super emotional and I get really bad cramps and I&#039;ve been SUPER heavy. I want this thing out asap"
"I was prescribed MacroBID after previous three antibiotic courses failed (1st Cipro made me violently ill, 2nd and 3rd were amazing drug Selexid with zero side effects and almost immediately relieved symptoms, however both times UTI returned after a week). Delayed starting the pills due to travelling and not wanting any of the awful side effects I&#039;d read about this drug but my doc warned me of the infection spreading to kidneys so I risked it. I made sure I took a snack and some milk 10min before and swallowed with plenty of water and honestly no side effects, 5 days in only noticed runny nose but nothing else. UTI cleared up within a day too so I would highly recommend trying this, and not worry too much about the negative feedback"
"On maximum dose with Keppra, and still having some break through seizures.  Still less then I was having before.  No side effects.  Had a full term pregnancy while on medication.  Baby is very healthy."
"(Continuation) It was on the fourth month, my condition got better but still with bouts of migraine and what I noticed is that I somehow smell &quot;down there&quot;. Though my BV was treated more than five months ago, I became worried about it. Before the fifth pack, I forgot to take a pill so I had to follow how to continue it. I stopped by the fifth pack because I simply couldn&#039;t take it anymore. Migraine was so severe and depression and anxiety made me feel restless. I bled again. The smell of my discharge is not really good like there was something rotten (I don&#039;t use tampon). I gained weight too. Though I have lesser acne. But I can&#039;t prolong my agony anymore so I stopped."
"I have had severe depression  for about 1 year now. My psychiatrist and I have tried just about all SSRI&#039;s/anti-depressants (Prozac, Paxil, Effexor, Abilify, Deplin, Cymbalta). I started Pristiq ER about 4 months ago. WOW!I felt about 50% better in 3-4 weeks, than I had in several months. At my follow-up appointment I asked my Doctor to increase my dose and he did. I now take 100mg daily. Although my depression has plateaued, I&#039;m not AS depressed as I WAS. Suicidal thoughts, and worthlessness are a lot less. I also have very few side effects. I&#039;ve lost about 15lbs while on it. So if you are truly desperate I would recommend you try this one next."
"I&#039;ve suffered from a level of anxiety for most of my life, but last year my husband lost his job. And, while that was a bad turn for us, my reaction to it was quite out of proportion.  I was a crying, anxiety-ridden mess - just struggled to make it through my workday and felt completely unglued and out of control. It was the final straw and my doctor prepared Celexa. I was nauseated the first 2 weeks and then suddenly one day I wasn&#039;t and it&#039;s been smooth sailing from there on out. I do have less interest in sex - a down side and I am sleepy more than I&#039;d like. But, it is overall worth it - plus. God bless whoever made this medicine. It has been a life-saver for me."
"I took this yesterday after a whole night without sleeping, but after 30mins the pain was gone I mean really gone I even forgot I&#039;m on my cycle."
"Was given this due to daily headaches. I&#039;m not one to take pills so I started slow. One morning and one at night. Stayed like that for two weeks. I started exercising around that time also but only about 3times weekly and dieting pretty well but lost quite a bit of my appetite. I weighed myself and after two weeks I&#039;m down 15 pounds. I ate allot of yogurt and drank allot of coffee and water. That&#039;s all. I can&#039;t believe it was from this pill. I&#039;m More motivated then I ever was! Starting weight was 189. Now I&#039;m down to 174"
"A regular user of Alavert, I thought I&#039;d give Flonase&#039;s &quot;six factors&quot; a try, being a fan of being thorough. Unlike my former med, the floral-scented spray took a week to even begin taking an effect, which was minimal at best. At the first sign of a pollen explosion, my allergies went rampant, as though I hadn&#039;t just spent the last two weeks cramming spray up my nostrils. I&#039;m praying for rain today for relief. And I&#039;m going back to Alavert. Sorry Flonase."
"I was accidentally put on Yaz when I was supposed to be on Yasmin back in July 2008. I just decided to stick it out and see if there was a difference. The 10 microgram difference in dosage made a HUGE difference. (Yasmin 30 microgram, Yaz 20 microgram) From July 2008 to January 2009, (the time I was on Yaz) it was completely miserable. I had constant nausea, would feel sick eating anything with lactose, had mood swings that almost cost me my relationship, unbearable headaches and at times I had sharp shooting back pain. I felt completely unmotivated and it had a negative effect on my school life. Once I switched back to the 30 microgram dosage, (Ocella) the side effects decreased dramatically."
"I was hospitalized within the first 3 weeks of taking Tricyclen as I had a severe side effect. It created excess spinal fluid in my body causing pressure on my brain. This required two lumbar punctures to help drain my spinal fluid following by a week of being bedridden. 

Please please please talk to your doctor before taking this. I have never had a problem like this with BC before until I got put on Tricyclen and threw the rest of them out."
"I have health-related anxiety issues.  Ten years ago I took 25 mg Paxil CR for about a year and it was a life-saver.  No side effect, no withdrawal issues.  A month ago my anxiety returned for a new reason. My doctor started me on 20 mg citalopram. I think I had every side effect possible and made my anxiety worse.  I switched to 12.5 mg Paxil CR and within three days was a new person.  For me, there is no better medicine."
"I&#039;m in desperate need of a fireman to put out this fire !. It&#039;s day one of the 7 pack &amp; I want to rip my vagina off. The only thing that is getting me through this burning pain is reading your experiences. I can&#039;t stop laughing at some of your usernames. Maybe I&#039;m drunk too off of this monistat but probably I&#039;m delirious from the pain. Going to take some ibuprofen &amp; hopefully I&#039;ll fall asleep and will still
have a vagina in the morning. Thanks for sharing your stories ladies &amp; reminding me I&#039;m not all alone in this experience. I don&#039;t remember when I laughed this hard before &amp; don&#039;t ever remember laughing when I&#039;ve been in this much pain! Xoxoo"
"$435.00 for 2 pills? My doctor had a coupon for $400.00 but still...It seemed to help some but not worth the money. Insurance would not cover."
"Have been on this drug for the full four weeks now.  I&#039;ve noticed in an improvement in my energy and mood.  The muscle pains have all but gone too.  I did have sweating/hot flashes with it but those are better now.  Luckily my insurance covers it but it&#039;s still $60/month.

I also noticed the increased heart rate so I quit drinking caffeine during the day and keep my beer/wine consumption down a lot.  Increase your intake of water as that helps with the head pounding feeling.  I also take Ambien so my sleep has not suffered.  Consider taking something to help you sleep, at least until you get used to the medication."
"I had C-Dif which is a bacteria which is resistant from too many antibiotics. I caught this in the hospital. I was never so sick. Betweem losing weight and the vomiting and diarrhea I thought I was going to die. Flagyl did help but took many months."
"This is my favorite cold/sinus medicine.  It allows me to sleep at night.  Doesn&#039;t give me that stuffed up feeling other medicines do."
"I&#039;ve had acid reflux for 4 years. My doctor recommended Prilosec, etc. None of the over the counter medicines worked. Some mornings, I would wake up with a mouthful of acid. My voice was becoming more horse. On some days I could barely speak and thought I would lose my voice entirely. 
My latest Doc prescribed Dexilant after giving me some free samples.
Within a few days, my throat was better. I&#039;ve been taking it for 1 month and my voice is almost back to normal. So far, I&#039;ve had no side effects, but will taper off the medicine so I don&#039;t get weakened bones due to lower calcium intake. The doc gave me a discount card, and insurance covers all but $20.00."
"My bald head, forehead, and face have the actinic keratosis spots to be treated. I tried one laser peel and it did well for about 6  months. It was painful and the recovery was as well. I tried Efudex cream several times and had some success. I am on the Zyclara now for 7 days with just some itching, redness and minor swelling. I made the mistake of being in the sun for 5 hours on the sixth day and had to skip the treatment one night due to some pain. Some sores have began to appear like old zits. It wont be pretty for several weeks but it should be worth it to avoid cancer."
"Bactrim is the only thing to ever get rid of my acne."
"I have changed my rating from 4 to 1.  Upon recommendation of my counselor, I saw a physciatrist to regulate my antidepressant medication.  Thank the Lord!!!  Physciatrist switched me to another antidepressant that has been on the market for a long time.  It is actually the first one I was ever prescribed, Zoloft.  I&#039;m into my 6th day off Fetizma and I&#039;m starting to feel like my old self again.  Fetizma had me in a state of mental anguish.  I wanted to harm myself.  I was so sad, so sad, then rages, then shame over ugliest behavior ever.  I hate this medication."
"Have used it only 4 days. The first night I felt quite sedate and went to sleep easily. The following nights were just the opposite  Have great difficulty settling down and getting to sleep. I take it about 9 pm and would like to be asleep by 11:00."
"Been on this medicine for almost 2 years. Went to max dose of 60mg. Did NOTHING for my depression, anxiety, back pain, or Fibromyalgia. Completely useless medication. And whats worse? You got it- WITHDRAWAL. I have been to the ER 4 times now since withdrawing from 60mg down to 30mg, so I am only half way weened off as of now. Extreme vertigo, nausea, dizziness, brain zaps, edge of panic all day into night. Worst experience I have every had after trying different anti-depressants for the last 7 years. Gave this medicine the last chance. After I get off it, may take me a year or more to ween the rest of the way down."
"The doctor prescibed epiduo as a 27 yr old I have never suffered from acne and it has just come out of no where in the past couple of months. After reading reviews I cannot believe how I have the same experience using this as a lot of people! Yes it gets rid of the spots but..
At first it was fine slight burning after the 4th day of using it (only once at night) my skin was worse than acne! I have never been in so much pain on my face! Red! Itching rash! I am stopping from using this now as it feels like someone has scrapped the skin off of my face ! The doctors should warn us about this before prescribing!!!"
"I used the NuvaRing method for 18 months. I loved it because it was easy to place and you forget that you even have it &quot;there&quot;; but I had to stop using it because I was having yeast infections every single month- I was miserable and the medication that my doctor prescribed wasn&#039;t doing any better. Also my sexual drive went from average to zero."
"I take 200 mg per day. Extremely effective in helping control my OCD. Some side effects. Dry mouth and a little weight gain. Nothing I can&#039;t deal with."
"I took this for a tooth ache three days later my ankle locked up I can&#039;t walk. 
Former pro athlete and physical elitist I don&#039;t understand what happened I stopped taking meds 5 /28 - 
We will see"
"I smoked for 40 years. I got a prescription for Chantix  used it and was smoke free after 2 weeks. Finished the prescription 5 years later. Haven&#039;t touched a cigarette since and had no side effects during or after BEST THING I EVER DID FOR MYSELF. Thank you for giving my life BACK. "
"In May of 2010 I went into labor at 20 weeks but other than that I do not have any kids. I typically have a high pain tolerance but when I went and got the Skyla put in I started having contractions. This lasted for about 30 minutes and of course did not feel very good. I cramped for the rest of the day, but other than that haven&#039;t had any &quot;difficulties&quot;. I was on the depo shot for 2+ years and my periods had gone away. I&#039;ve had light bleeding with the Skyla and was told this was normal. I&#039;ve only been on it for a little over a month now but I&#039;ve noticed that past few weeks I have been SUPER hungry. I&#039;m not sure if this is because my &quot;periods&quot; are coming back or what, but I&#039;m hoping this goes away."
"I have been taking Ambien CR 12.5 for years and it works great. The generic Zolpidem is like taking a sugar pill it does nothing. "
"Voltaren, as opposed to every medication both across the counter and by prescription, gives wonderful relief from severe gout in as little as two hours. Nothing is as effective"
"I&#039;m on cymbalta 30mg for my anxiety and depression and I have been on it for a month I have no side effects but nausea and being tired but that all went away in about 2 weeks but great meds works great for me"
"My rheumatologist put me on Lexapro for both depression &amp; fibromyalgia, after Cymbalta stopped working for me. I started it two weeks ago Tuesday &amp; I absolutely love what it&#039;s doing for my depression &amp; anxiety but hate that it&#039;s caused me to gain at least 5 lbs already. I&#039;m going to try to stick with it for another 4-6 wks, but if my weight continues to increase, I&#039;ll have to wean off of it. I dread weaning off of antidepressants."
"The medicine seems to work well but still bleeding so doc put me on canasa and prednisone seems to work better"
"Severe coughing and cold, tried other over the counter cough and cold products. The only product that really worked was Buckley Cough Mixture and I did not experience any side effects. I recommended it to many people and it worked for them. Now we can&#039;t find it anywhere. "
"I&#039;ve currently been on this medication for only 2 weeks and I have already lost a stone with no side effects due to sticking to a low fat diet but this hasn&#039;t stopped me from eating my naughty treats I just now make a homemade healthier version, which if I&#039;m honest I enjoy more there are a lot of healthy options of food out there to trick your mind into thinking something naughty I recently purchased some chicken sausages and they are lovely. Looking forward to continuing my journey on this medication"
"I was diagnosed &quot;clinically depressed&quot; 25-30 years ago and can&#039;t begin to name all the antidepressants I&#039;ve been given.  I have been on Zoloft 200mg for the past couple of years and it&#039;s working pretty well.  Lately , I have noticed I can&#039;t remember anything.  I hadn&#039;t thought about Zoloft being the culprit because I&#039;ve been on it so long with no problems.  I have never kept a journal, with side effects, likes, dislikes of drugs, but I think its time to start one.  I&#039;d like to hear others&#039; experiences with this medicine, or other &quot;popular&quot; ones. "
"Had epilepsy since 14 now way over 60 and been on phenobarbitone all my 
life.    Doctors have tried new ones on me but they had side effects whereas
Phenobarbitone have been good for me.  
Epanutin caused gums shrinking and were bad for my liver.  
Now been put on Keppra and I cannot keep awake and ear hurts. Docs leave my pills alone please."
"Works real good, my doctor is happy now. The only side effect is large hard stool which plugs the bathroom plumbing up every time, so I need to carry a plunger with me when away from home. Have been on it for about 3 months now, 100mg daily, along with 1000mg Metformin twice daily, and 4mg Glipizide twice daily."
"Second time around with the methotrexate .I use it as a bridge drug until I find one that works. I was on enbrel and humira for past 15 yrs. both worked extremely well but lost potency after about 7 yrs. Now in search of new drug now trying Otezla it&#039;s not a biological and has less side effects of all others I have researched. I don&#039;t like the methotrexate. Long  term because of hair loss and the continued dosing changes. But fortunately now we have many drugs to choose from finding one that works and is safe and effective is the dilemma."
"I went to my doctor and requested a totally different medication. Medication to give me energy which support my quitting and keep me from putting on weight. Well he decided to give me Zyban. Zyban gave me the energy I needed to exercise, stay alert, keep my mind off the cravings and eat a healthy diet. I lost weight on Zyban. After 2 weeks smoking with the medication I had my last smoke. The cravings were incredibly minimal. Yes I still thought about smoking and I still do. But the cravings were bearable. I could manage. They were easy! Zyban made me realise quitting smoking is easy and can be done. I urge you to try if you haven&#039;t before. No negative feedback what so ever on this drug."
"I have been on just about every antidepressant you can name. They started giving me bad side effects like constipation so I had to stop taking them. For about two years I could hardly get out of bed in the morning, I was suffering from severe depression and had absolutly no motivation to do anything. I had gotten tennis elbow and the doc put me on tramadol. Within a couple days not only did it help with the pain but I started feeling my depression lifting as well as my motivation. I told the doctor it was working great for my depression so he kept me on it. I take 150 mg a day. I no longer sleep all day and have even decided to go back to school. It helps with not only my motivation and depression it helps me concentrate. I love it! "
"I was in a car accident several years ago the Doctors gave me this medicine. It helped very well. But taking it for so long I am getting used to it. But for the most part it works better than anything else the Dr. has tried."
"Had Mirena twice. First time it rejected, 2nd time I had it in for 2 years. Insertion was painful, they manually opened my cervix to place it. Hurt so bad. Was depressed, mood swings, no sex drive, painful sex, cyst on ovaries, it migrated and was extremely painful being removed. Cant forget hair loss, lost a ton of hair! Came out in clumps... but never had a period!"
"I&#039;ve have fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome, and neuro-musculoskeletal disease as well as Multiple Sclerosis and depression. I was told of Nuvigil by a friend who also suffers with MS and fibromyalgia.  I found myself in a deep depression with so much pain I was sleeping 18  hrs a day. But since I&#039;ve been on Nuvigil I am able to stay awake more alert and have been able to get my life back. It doesn&#039;t whack me out like Adderall did.  I feel happier and more alert thanks to Nuvigil.  This has been a wonderful experience and I thank my friend for suggesting it. What a life saver!"
"I got my Skyla inserted yesterday. I had severe pain, almost to the point of passing out. I&#039;ve never had kids so perhaps this had something to do with it.  My obgyn didn&#039;t give me anything for the pain, I would&#039;ve def asked for a prescription if I knew it could be that painful. I was on the couch all day."
"Excellent!!"
"27 years old been drinking for 15 years. 3 cases of beer and 6 to 9 pints of hard liquor a day. Tried to quit on my own for months, kept relapsing from pain. Lost my family, now on Librium for two days and better than ever and will not go through this again. Feeling like death is not worth your children and a good woman."
"I have been on several different SSRIs before and haven&#039;t seen much improvement. So far, this seems to be the only antidepressant that&#039;s worked for me and hasn&#039;t given me too many side effects. I was on Luvox, which wasn&#039;t helping at all for any of the multiple conditions it was prescribed to treat, and was switched to an equivalent dose of Prozac. Ever since starting it, I&#039;ve had more energy and have been able to smile, laugh, and overall just feel like a normal person. For me, in combination with Seroquel, Adderall (for ADHD, but also gives what I take for depression a little boost), and Wellbutrin, this is a wonder drug. It still helps me get through every day after quite a few months on it. Couldn&#039;t say the same about other SSRIs."
"Had lower back surgery in 2000ish. Was taking 750mg before and after surgery. Help with dealing with pain and got me back to work as a roofer. Recently my neck had been giving me problems an a MRI revealed disc herniations, bulging disc, degenerative disc disease, flattening of my left spinal cord and a hamangioma, with pain and numbness in my left arm/hand, neck. I&#039;ve been treating with 500mg vicodin &amp; 15mg Ms-Contin. Brings pain level down to a tolerable level but as always, somedays are better than others."
"I weighed 230 pounds and felt like a cow.. I started off on 25 mg 1x a day and noticed no change. So asked doc to change me to 100 mg twice a day. I just take the 200mg at once. That&#039;s when I finally noticed a change. I&#039;ve lost 45 pounds in 6 months! I&#039;m continuing to lose and my goal weight is 160 since I&#039;m tall so only 25 more pounds to go.  I noticed at first pop tasted different but now it tastes fine. I used to love beer but now I don&#039;t want it..which is fine since it&#039;s so fattening lol. I only eat once or twice a day and the carb cravings are gone. I don&#039;t exercise much at all. I have no side effects at all. I&#039;m so glad I found this medication it really has been a miracle. :)"
"I was not officially diagnosed with ADD until I was 30yrs old. I have been on Vyvanse for over 10 yrs now. I have had to increase my amount from 30 to 50 and have now been at 60 for over a year now. Sometimes I feel it causes irritability, but other than that only dry mouth. It has definitely helped with my attention disorder. It initially made me lose 10lbs and then leveled out. I have always been athletic except when my chronic pain is too bad. My son has ADHD and took Concerts for about 2 yrs. It helped tremendously with his anger and outburst and his grades. I only wish that my parents had me tested when I was younger as we did for my son. It would have taken away a lot of heartache! My daughter never suffered thankfully."
"I never knew of this product until about 10 years ago when I had the worst sinus infection of my life.  As was typical, the medication given by my doctor did nothing for the congestion and pressure and only made me tired and thirsty.  My wife came home with Afrin and with just one squirt in each nostril I had almost instant and dramatic improvement.  Since then, my doctors routinely tell me how bad this product is for me despite the fact that I have tried everything they have offered without improvement.  Now being on CPAP for sleep apnea Afrin is a must if I want to breath through my nostrils. "
"This is my second week on the medication and I would say it works. I have been smoking for the past 12 years now and tried all the gums, patches, e-cigarettes and even tried hypnotherapy at some point in time but honestly I always end up finding myself lighting another one. But Chantix works. I do not feel like smoking; although smoking has become like an unconditional part of me; but I am trying to avoid the places or events that would trigger the urges."
"I felt relief the very first day I started taking Kapidex for erosive esophagus and GERD. It is the only drug that has worked for me. I have had absolutely no side effects. It&#039;s wonderful to be able to eat again."
"I took it for 6 weeks. First week 25mg increased to 50mg second week. After 10 days I didn&#039;t have a single headache. I loved that! After months of headaches 70% of the day and 2-4 migraines a week it seemed heaven sent. Only thing is it put me into a deep depression. So now I can&#039;t take Elavil. Trying Topamax 75mg and its not cutting it. Back to frequent headaches 70% of the day!"
"Caused very bad stomach cramps."
"I have Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS). It&#039;s a painful condition that keeps me up all night long. I take narcotics (least possible) &amp; other CNS depressants. I have tried everything 4 insomnia &amp; ambien was my fail proof last ditch for 7 years. But ambien stopped working. I was taking 20mg a night. For the 1st time I took Belsomra last night - 10mg (supposedly ineffective dose) &amp; I slept better than I have in years. Lunesta sucks. I&#039;m really not ok w/taking anti-psychotics/seizures or benzos for sleep as they can affect  your mind later. What&#039;s the point of sleep if you don&#039;t heal? Benzos change REM sleep anyway and your memory fails in 10 y. I slept last night. I&#039;m grateful for the med. $10 a pill is expensive but worth it. I will keep trying them. Downloaded coupons."
"I have been on the generic version of Wellbutrin XL since July 1, 2015. It took about a week for me to notice any change but it was definitely for the better. I started to feel like my old self again. Happy, fun, energetic, and social. Every once in a while I still have a bad day but it&#039;s much more manageable now. I haven&#039;t experienced any negative side effects and have actually lost 30lbs since I started taking it. Overall, I am doing much better now that I am on Wellbutrin."
"It&#039;s so bad I wouldn&#039;t suggest. I have had it since December 31,2014 
I have major weight gain, mood swings,depression, body aches,sleeping a lot,nausea,vomiting,don&#039;t get no periods, can&#039;t keep track of my periods,decreased sex drive,breast tender and pain in breast,hair loss,anxiety, eating all the time,snapping, Moody, irritated, don&#039;t wanna go out, bad stomach pain and cramps. Starting today June 20,2016 I feel like I can&#039;t eat I can&#039;t take any type of smell I&#039;m super nauseous I can not deal getting it taken out some time next month because I&#039;m always assuming stuff and depressed. My 1 year old daughter even noticed the new actions and moods from her mommy and that&#039;s now good. Do not get this please don&#039;t or it might be hell."
"I have had estrogen- and barometric migraine since my mid-twenties. I was noticing that the intensity &amp; frequency of said migraines were getting worse over time (I&#039;m 47 now). I was over-presrcribed Imitrex &amp; was having rebound migraines, suffering 20  migraines/mo. So far, I&#039;ve been on this med for a little over 2 weeks, &amp; am on 25 mg. I don&#039;t think I need to go any higher right now, which is fine by me. For the first 4 days, I had a horrid migraine, felt dizzy &amp; had some nausea. After that, I started feeling a lot better, more alert, no pain, felt sharper too. I&#039;m in peri menopause &amp; have noticed that I get a migraine around the time of my period, but it&#039;s about a 5 or 6 instead of a 10 . So far is working w/very few &amp; side effects."
"Having had a complete hysterectomy when I was young, I&#039;d been a very long-time Premarin user until diagnosed with breast cancer. I had to stop taking Premarin. And I was back into the hot flashes, until the oncology department staff recommended Effexor. The first capsule (37.5 mg) made me woozy, but stopped the hot flashes immediately! I lessened my dose by splitting open the capsules, and gradually built up a tolerance. I now take one capsule in the morning and one in the evening, with no wooziness and no hot flashes. I can lead a normal life and am extremely grateful"
"I had had the skyla inserted since October 28, 2015. I must say that this birth control is the best. I recently was on the depo shot, which made me crazy. I feel like I am now coming back to myself. Goodbye bloated belly and water weight."
"I am new to the anxiety realm, and have already tried a few different meds (xanax, ativan, buspar) and so far buspar has shown the most promise. However, even on buspar I still experience sporadic chest pressure, sharp pains in the chest, brain buzz, and muscle twitches. Today the chest issues were so bad that I had to take a xanax.

I am typically against prescribed meds, and this is really the first time in my life taking them. The side effects and other dangers scare the crap out of me, but I need to figure out how to subdue my anxiety.

Does anyone have any suggestions?"
"Blood Pressure was 180/114 when I started taking Lisinopril.  It worked well for my BP but the side effects were more than I could handle.  Fatigue, nausea and daily vomiting.  We are in the process of trying to find a better option."
"I&#039;ve been on Seasonique for a few years and I love it. Only four periods a year and they are much lighter. I do have some spotting in between periods but only four periods a year, out weighs the occasional spotting. It has really helped me with my endometriosis. I rarely experience symptoms from the endometriosis and when I do they are usually milder. I would recommend Seasonique to everyone!"
"I have been diagnosed with PCOS for years and have never been given anything for it. I became pregnant in 2003 and now have a beautiful 11 year old. In May 2015 I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and have been prescribed Metformin. I take 500mg in the morning and 500mg at night. At first I felt pretty yucky from the medicine. Now that my body has gotten used to it I feel fantastic! I just had my first period in months and am finally beginning to feel like myself. I wasn&#039;t aware the Metformin works well with PCOS until I did some research on the medication. I&#039;m killing two birds with one stone! Wish it helped with my Hypothyroidism."
"I love all the reviews here. Love seeing how open women are to discussing such a personal issue. So here&#039;s my story, I never had regular periods, maybe 2-3x times a year. I got married at the age of 24 and after a year or two of trying I went to a doctor and she said it may be pcos. Never really went back to that doctor(wasn&#039;t crazy about her). At the age of 28, I said enough is enough, headed to a fertility clinic where they definitely said I had pcos. They started me on metformin as well as Ovasitol (a supplement for women with pcos...it&#039;s pretty new, however ladies these 2 together....MIRACLE!!!!) after just 5 months on these 2 drugs and one round of femara(a pill you take for 3-5 days that help with ovulation) I was pregnant. good luck!"
"I started taking the pills on Labor Day weighing 234 lbs, and weighed myself on 9/13/15 weighing 228.8lbs. I&#039;m very excited about this even though it is a small loss. As far as side effects go, I&#039;ve experienced slight headaches in the temple areas but they don&#039;t linger, this morning (9/14/15) I had extremely dry mouth but it was cured with water, I always have a burst of energy when I take it yet i&#039;m still able to take a nap before work while on the medication. I also take a multivitamin at bedtime, and a B-12 vitamin in the morning with my pill."
"I am over 40 with adult acne for years. I had it under control with epidue for years but something hormonal happened and I had a severe break out and it was bad. My dermatologist started me solodyn 105mg. It worked immediately. My acne cleared up and my face was smooth again. But my only side affect is I have gotten really dark, I haven&#039;t read anyone complaints about getting dark so I would  like some responses to my post. I don&#039;t know if its because I am a black woman.  But after reading some of the posts I will start taking a lesser dose to see if that helps."
"Looking at these different reviews I have to make a comment. I was placed on low T therapy in 2005. Tried Testim &amp; Androgel, couldn&#039;t tolerate them, was refererred to a compounding pharmacy who produce whats called a bio identical testosterone gel, measured dose with a small spoon and applied to the skin, in my case upper forearms. Works great, no skin irritation, dries in a couple minutes, not sticky, clear in color, slight alcohol smell, bad thing insurance won&#039;t cover it, good thing it currently only costs $48. For a 30 day supply. Been using it now for 10 years.. might not be for everyone but worth a try if you are not getting positive results with the other products.."
"My sister suffered fatal respiratory failure from this pain med.  Propoxyphene, on the market one minute, off the next, sounds like-and it is a warning enough that propoxyphene containing products such as this one can yield the dangerous adverse effects."
"Since taking Singulair I have tooth pain, tingling in my face, and a bad metallic taste in my mouth. Plus my anxiety level went up, feel really tired, and very agitated. Stopped taking it last night. Hope these side effects go away soon. This metallic taste is driving me crazy! This is the 2nd time I&#039;ve tried it. Same side effects and more."
"Have lost 7 pounds in less than a month of taking metformin, for my PCOS (Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome). Can see the change physically in my face and stomach, as well as been told it by others, and on the scale. My hormones are also regulating themselves (having a period naturally for the first time in forever). Happy and proud of the results. My body has needed this for a long time, in both aspects. I do have diarrhea as a side effect, but I&#039;d rather deal with that and lose weight."
"Anger. Anxiety. Stomach in a knot. Wanting to die. Then I take my Klonopin and a warm feeling envelops me. I&#039;m suddenly calm. I&#039;m reasonable and rational. The violence in my heart temporarily melts away. I&#039;m not angry anymore. I take a short vacation from misery. Then I blissfully drift off to sleep. I won&#039;t take it often because I don&#039;t want to become addicted. But when things get unbearable, my Klonopin soothes my racing mind."
"Gelnique was the second medicine I tried for overactive bladder.  It worked fine for my problem, but it takes a bit for it to soak in after you rub it on your skin.  It leaves a sticky residue which makes your clothes stick to the area.  It is also very drying to the skin.  I have very dry skin and my dermatologist gave me prescriptions for moisture barriers, so Gelnique was not a good option for me."
"This drug was a terrible experience for me. It worsened my depression and anxiety symptoms but one of the most unbearable parts was the restless leg syndrome. I couldn&#039;t sleep. I would lay awake for hours with the craziest feeling in my legs. Brain fog. I slowly was weaning off and then quit cold turkey because I wanted this OUT of my system! 

All in all, do NOT recommend."
"I have been on this for over a month and there is good news and bad news. Good news is the pill works very well. Bad news is lots of side effects. I am dizzy, unstable on my feet, light headaches, low energy and others. I have lost about 8 pounds which is good. Today my Doctor cut my dose in half. I hope this keeps working because it works on depression."
"Unfortunately, this medication just didn&#039;t work for me. First off, while I understood from the many reviews I read that there may be some stinging, the pain I experienced was excruciating and didn&#039;t dissipate with time. The pain actually turned out to be an allergic reaction to benzoyl peroxide, so don&#039;t disregard it if you continue to experience pain despite carefully, staggered application over a couple months. Secondly, it simply didn&#039;t clear my acne BUT it did temporarily smooth out my frown lines and fine lines on my forehead, which was an unexpected bonus. Hope it works for you, it was simply the wrong product for me (Aczone turned out to do the trick)!"
"I have been using this medication for 18 years now. It has proven to be very helpful as I have pretty bad asthma. Always come back to singulair after trying something new. Great maintenance drug."
"I suffered from chin acne for about 5 years. The spots (I think hormonal) varied from the big under-your-skin ones to white heads and I would literally get a new one every few days. I&#039;d tried loads of different treatments from the docs, including antibiotics, and even went for face peels but nothing helped long term. My brother recommended tretinon and I was dubious at first but decided to give it a try. Bought the gel online (but I think you can get it from your doctors too). First few weeks I saw a huge improvement in the amount of I was getting although my skin did peel a fair bit. I started moisturising on alternate days and two months later the difference is incredible! Had no new spots for a month and even my acne scars are fading!"
"compared to ritalin i was taking, provigil works much better and less side-effects.  hasnt effected my blood pressure"
"Works better for me than anything I have tried!  Works great to get rid of my back pain."
"I&#039;m a 48 year old female.  I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for around a year due to panic attacks. Unable to function, I couldn&#039;t breathe, or drive myself to and from work without having an attack. My Doctor put me on 10 mg Lexapro, and all of that stopped.  Have not had a problem with that since. I was absolutely exhausted and numb, though.  I have also gained around 20 pounds, and no libido at all.  My Doctor cut me down to 5 mg, and I took myself down after a couple of weeks to none.  Probably not the smartest move.  Now have dizziness to the extreme and some headaches, but I&#039;m determined to get drug free if possible."
"Only medicine that works for me.  No side effects yet."
"I have been on Qsymia for about 5 weeks and lost 15lbs. While I am very pleased with the loss, I have had a lot of cramping &amp; extreme diarrhea for the past week. It started out always hitting me about 7PM &amp; then increased to mornings and then during the night as well. Has anyone else had this problem. I am calling the Dr., but haven&#039;t seen anyone else with it and wonder if it could be caused by something else. I don&#039;t really want to give this up yet."
"This drug combination has literally saved my life 3 times. I suffer from comorbid spectrum anxiety disorders: OCD, Severe Panic Disorder, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I also have Major Depression.

This combination worked so well, I took it for 3 years straight in my early 20&#039;s. Went back to school, got a job, felt like my old self.

The only drawback is the major weight gain, a mild tremor when waking, and some orthostatic hypotension. 

But if you take it easy, and watch your weight, you will feel better. I hope other people who feel hopeless see this, that is exactly how I felt. It is a great combination. Best of Luck!"
"6 weeks after giving birth, my OBGYN informed me that I had BV.  She prescribed metronidazole 500 mg to be taken 2/day for 7 days.  I read all of the terrible reviews on this site and freaked out.  I did not want to take this drug.  I could not use anything topical due to not being fully healed from my delivery.  I decided to try one pill and see what happened.  Needless to say, I had absolutely NO side effects from this drug. I finished the course and my BV was cured. I made sure to take each pill after eating a full meal, and I even snacked a bit for a few minutes after.  I also took very large doses of probiotics while being on this drug.  I was pleasantly surprised and I try to avoid meds at all costs in general."
"Aside from the sexual benefit I find what I appreciate most from yohimbe is my improvement in energy. Big improvement."
"After all the pills and side effects I have had this medicine is a class A. I only wish I would have had it years early in my situation I still have pain but less than I have had in so long! I feel so good if I could dance I &#039;would! For me it worked right away. I can&#039;t believe how much better I feel in one day. I give it an 11 ."
"I took it to the pharmacy and I was told it was going to be $400. I called my dermatologist and they told me to use the rebate card and it should be $35. I went back to the pharmacy and sure enough after I insisted what the cost should be I got two tablets for $35. I have not had a cold sore in six months which is unusual because I usually get one every 2 to 3 months."
"Have used this medication since 1987 after partial bowel resection due to Crohn&#039;s Disease. I&#039;ve had no adverse reaction in all these years of taking this medication."
"Chronic constipation my whole life.  Tried all over the counter meds over the years.  After a bout of 3 full weeks straight of constipation, not one bowel movement the entire time..went to the pharmacy and bought an enema...it did nothing...the next night I went back and bought an oil based enema...that did nothing.  Pharmacist advised I go to the hospital.  Went to the hospital.  Xray showed entire digestive system filled from the bottom to the top.  No blockage though.  So they gave me a drink...told me to drink it at home and I would have explosive bowel movement.....it did nothing.  Went to my doctor...he gave me 290 mgs. of Linzess, finally I went for like an hour. Only diarreah toward the end. Switched to 145mgs when needed. Woohoo!"
"I am on a very small dose for epilepsy 250mg twice a day.  It has made me quite tired, but apart from that there&#039;s been no problems. I only have a couple of seizures a year so hopefully this low dose will keep me seizure free."
"As somebody with high anxiety I can&#039;t recommend this medication to anyone with any kind of stress disorder. I have only been on this pill for about 3 months, so when I was constantly sick I thought it was my body adjusting to the hormones. However, I recently figured out that my nausea is due to high anxiety, which has been made VERY intense by this medication. I feel anxious until point of vomiting. My breasts grew which wasn&#039;t an issue for me but I didn&#039;t gain any other weight. My periods are much shorter and lighter but my cramps are just as bad as always. My appetite has decreased and although I feel hungry the second I eat I start to feel sick again. The drug did its job, but I am so uncomfortable I am considering switching pills."
"I have severe anxiety and panic attacks. I have been on Lexapro about 4 different times. I never learn my lesson.  After 6 months or so I think I am doing good enough to wean myself off and within 6 months I am back in the ER with a severe panic attack. I should just stay on it. This time around I started on 5mg and then bumped it to 10mg after 3 days. I am on day 2 of 10mg. I finally feel some relief. I have not left my house in a week- trapped due to panic attacks and today I was able to walks dogs and go to the store. Thank God there is something like Lexapro out there or else I would surely be in a mental institution."
"I&#039;ve been taking methylphenidate (Ritalin) for years. I started during my professional career, because according to my psych, I am &quot;too smart to sit still&quot;, and that because of that, my brain gets bored easily then my attention span fades. With Ritalin I can focus like a laser on tasks, get much more done, stay organized, and it also helps with that afternoon sleepiness. Added bonus is it revs up your basal metabolic rate, and reduces appetite so you can lose weight easily.
Downside, it increases BP. If you have high BP you may want to avoid it.
I take a 20 mg pill 3-4 times a day, never after dinner if you want to sleep."
"I have severe GAD since my teens but it really hit me harder in my early 20&#039;s, I had been taking generic Valium for 8 yrs then got into a psychiatrist at first he switched me over to Xanax 1mg 3X daily which works for immediate panic attacks but would wear off very quickly and I would wake up first thing in the morning with my heart racing and had to take 1, I told him this and got switched back to my original dose of Valium which lasts all day, 1 and a half 10mg in the morning and the same at night and I no longer had to wake-up first thing for my meds, and they pretty much prevent my panic attacks unlike the Xanax.I can function just fine and work with people now that I&#039;m at the right dose and not be self conscience great medication!"
"I had a gum infection that several other antibiotics did not cure. Within 3 days of using this the infection was gone."
"full erections and orgasms again. prozac killed my libido and my sexual functions but no side effects with wellbutrin."
"Cymbalta was the first drug that actually improved the diabetic neuropathy pain I was experiencing in my legs, feet, arms and hands.  For the first time, I was able to sleep through the night without waking in tears from the pain.  I was so happy my doctor put me on this drug in conjunction with Neurontin.  The pain almost disappeared!  Approximately 6-8 weeks later, I noticed that the neuropathy pain started back up again despite continuing on the medicines.  I too, had insomnia making it difficult, at best, to be alert, focused or have any energy the following day.  To this day, I still have some insomnia and an increase in the neuropathy symptoms; BUT Cymbalta 60mg &amp; Neurontin 600mg are the BEST drugs so far in lessening the pain."
"I have suffered from cluster headaches for over 15 years and have tried almost everything offered by hospitals and over the counter. I recently was given Imitrex in a nasal spray by my doctor and as long as your nasal passage is clear I have found that about five to ten minutes after you taste it in your throat the headaches go away. It is the best medicine I have ever come across for cluster headaches and my days and nights are much better because of it."
"I been on nexplaonon  for a year now an this is worst birthcontrol every my periods last up to 2 weeks an I have bad anxiety attack were it feels like I can&#039;t breath or catch my breath  an  never sleepy I&#039;m always up at night an,don&#039;t go to sleep until the afternoon I getting it remove asap"
"Yes, it got rid of my ear infection after the generic was prescribed at a CVS Minute Clinic. HOWEVER (BIG however), I ended up getting strep. My GP said that the generic does not have as long a 1/2 life as the brand name. So, the 5-day dose (which is supposed to stay in your system for up to 10 days) does not last long enough. As a result, you can either end up with the original infection coming back, or make yourself susceptible to a second infection. So now I had to go on Cipro for 10 days to get rid of the strep! This is the kind of thing that produces super bugs--thank you, insurance cos., corner-cutting pharma cos. and especially the FDA for approving substandard generics!"
"I have Crohns&#039; Disease along with GERD and Prilosec works very well for me. I live by the stuff, it&#039;s the only thing that has ever worked."
"I was on Deposit-Provera for 23 years and my MD decided I needed to come off of it and placed Nexplanon in my arm. I would have just had tubes tied except I have PCOS and need the hormones to control cysts. It was placed in October 2014 and periods started July 2015 and have been relentless since occurring 7-9 days every other week and I also have PMDD and the change almost made me end up in psych ward. I became extremely depressed and wanted to get away from everybody and everything so My MD started me on estradiol in addition yo Zoloft I take already for PMDD. This was slightly helpful but not much and mood swings and depression did not calm down until I put myself on Estroven and Relacore to help stabilize my PMDD. periods are painful."
"5 yrs ago, I got Amerge after trying almost every other medication available. My migraines tend to come back within 4-6 hours with Imitrex, but the Amerge would keep it gone. Unfortunately, I had a really hard time getting my insurance to cover it. Another good thing about the Amerge is that it didn&#039;t seem to have the photophobia effect after I took it. Also wouldn&#039;t knock me out or make me feel groggy. It was like taking a vitamin and then my life could just go on as planned! I really hope that insurance companies get better at covering effective medications for their patients. I also wish I could just afford the $200 or whatever for 9 pills. "
"I am Software Engineer and working in It company. I am totally busy in my work day night to complete my projects. For every new project i need to spend extra time in my work, due to which i am not able to complete my sleep. It had bad impact on my work as it was difficult for me to stay active and fresh. Then i came to know about nuvigil from nuvigilshop site which helps me to become a normal person. It controls my excessive sleepiness and makes me energetic during work time. It helps to stay awake for around 40 hours. Now I am very happy that I can complete my every project with good concentration."
"I have been using this medication for a year now. I was on the basketball team my freshman year (I&#039;m a Sophmore now) and unfortunately suffered a severe concussion.  This medication is my lifesaver. In December of 2013, I had to go on home hospital and I was on home hospital for 8 months until August of 2014. I first tried steroid type medication for a week and it failed. But I was on this medication soon after, 10 mg, then 20 mg and then 25 mg over the course of 8 months.  It has worked wonderfully for me and I have been able to go back to school. The only reason I am giving it a 9 is because it also caused me to have slow thinning hair loss on my scalp, eyebrows, and eyelashes, however this was my experience and I still suggest using it."
"No side affects don&#039;t work they used to be amazing. Have used for 3?weeks waste of time and money !! They should be discontinued its dreadful hardly any medication in each capsule"
"No side efects at all"
"So I&#039;ve had the Implanon NXT in for a few days now.  I have a huge bruise where it was inserted and having a lot of headaches. Really hoping the headaches will pass. I have already noticed my period slowing down massively and my skin clearing up heaps so definitely a plus with this device. It was recommended to me because my periods are generally very heavy and I have become iron deficient. So as I said, hoping the side effects will pass."
"For my first  2 - 3 days on Pradaxa, my stomach gurgled. Fortunately, I have had absolutely no other side effects during my 18 months of use. After 7 years on Coumadin, the monthly blood tests and diet control were a bit of a pain especially when traveling for extended periods."
"I started the depo shot in December didn&#039;t Bleed that whole month, January until  now we&#039;re in May I have not stopped bleeding! So I&#039;ve been bleeding for six months straight about. And its so heavy, its ruining everything. I&#039;m def getting off the shot and switching."
"I started the pill purely for birth control although I&#039;ve always had painfull periods and terrible skin. Since being on yazmin, my face has completely cleared and I only have a tiny amount of acne left on my upper back. My periods are no longer a nightmare and only last around 2 days and the pains have almost completely disappeared. 
The only downside as it costs me $74 every 3 months but other than that I love it. I haven&#039;t had a single negative side affect to date."
"Does the job I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, but in the 3 months I have been taking it I have been experiencing breakout bleeding, headaches almost every morning, nausea, weight gain, and feeling overly emotional.  I&#039;m going to find a new birth control."
"I didn&#039;t want to take enbrel when my dr. first suggested it but I did take it and am very glad I did.  It has made a big difference in my life.  I don&#039;t have to live with the pain of RA and the horrible itching from PA.  I hope it always continues to work for me.  I don&#039;t even mind the injections any more but I know that I will feel better because of it."
"Working on a diet program, the doctor gave this vitamin, I noticed low sugar, at times, my sugar went far too low, nearly causing me to pass out. Realizing what I am taking new, I reviewed information right here and so now I know to lower my insulin. Contacted my endocrinologist, suggested to test more frequently. Hopefully, if I do lose weight, want to be off insulin altogether.  Thanks for the information"
"Before Natpara, I was considering declaring disability because I could no longer function adequately in my role as a professor.  The brain fog was so bad that I could not finish sentences and I was getting lost when driving in my neighborhood. The fatigue limited me to one activity per day.  I could go to the store, or I could cook, or I could clean the kitchen, but I could not do more than one activity.  Now I can work and still engage in some activities.  The brain fog is almost completely gone.  I have noticed some diarrhea when I start using a freshly mixed syringe. I still have some cramping in my hands and feet- especially about 18-24 hours after my injection.  I am so grateful to have Natpara.  I got my life back!"
"Does not work enough for what I thought. I still panic a lot but this only seems to slow down how long I panic. I want the panics and thoughts to all go away not just part-time."
"I&#039;ve been taking Yaz for three months for adult acne that was unresponsive to just about every skincare/formulation/medication/creams/makeup on the market. I had tried everything but the pill (Yaz) for several years due to becoming depressed/irritable on other contraceptive pills previously. This is the only thing that has worked! I&#039;m so happy. The first 6 weeks made my skin much much worse but now, I&#039;m clear for the first time in years. My breasts are fuller also which is a bonus."
"I am 19, And weigh approximately 112-117 lbs. Doctor changed from Microgestion FE 1.5/30 to 1/20 because of weight loss experienced due to diet change (can&#039;t eat well in the GA summer heat &gt;.&gt;) Anyway. I began spotting on day 2 and by day 5, I was having a period, I decided to wait another week before calling my doctor, and the bleeding was consistent with a &quot;normal&quot; period. I believe it was too light for me. I was also a bit emotional. Crying jags over the silliest of things. Did not improve acne. Hope this helps."
"I started this pill about three weeks ago. I&#039;ve been crying non-stop. Not to mention I get irritated quickly and my moods are up and down. It&#039;s affecting not only me but my love life. I started doubting my now long term boyfriend loving me. Before I started this pill my depression was starting to get better then BAM I&#039;m on this pill and I start sleeping over and over again, I feel bored/worthless in life once again.
Also the side effect of getting pimples, my skin was clear before this. I&#039;m changing my pill."
"I started a course of Lexapro around eight months ago. I suffer from major depression so I started out using 5mg, then up to 10mg and then 20mg. At first I felt a slight feeling of nausea that only lasted a few minutes. The other side effects I experienced were slight mania and decreased appetite. It helped me remain calm during pressure at work. I am now weening off escitalopram and am experiencing involuntary muscle contractions whilst entering sleep beyond R.E.M. I also find myself chomping my jaw sometimes and am having cold and flu symptoms along with an unusual head rush that left me a little bit disorientated. I am on my final days of escitalopram now, and I&#039;m sure side effects will diminish soon."
"It made me very sick.  It caused a reaction of large hives and made me throw up."
"Excellent medicine with little or no side-effects. I use it and highly recommend it."
"I took it on first day 10 mg ! Shaking of body , confusion , vomited 4 times , feeling sick , can&#039;t talk as much through mouth due to confusion . Burning sensation in body , passing out . Etc ! Don&#039;t take it if it&#039;s worse"
"This pills are horrible!!! Stomach pain is extremely strong!!! I wake-up in the middle of the night with shortness of breath and tachycardia. I feel more depressed! Very Tired, sleepy, drowsiness, nausea &amp; so much more."
"My mom is an OVCA patient undegoing chemotherapy with Docetaxes and Gemcitabine on a 3-week cycle and she had developed severe diarrhea accompanied by fever probably due to neutropenia and Loperamide/Imodium did not help her even after one week of taking it. The doctor suggested Sandostatin and after 2 doses of 100micrograms 8 hourly, the diarrhea stopped completely."
"Had the Implanon for 4 months and I just got it removed today. Worse 4 months of my life!! After I got it, my face broke out very badly, my periods lasted a month so during these past 4 months I&#039;ve only had like 5 days without bleeding. I could never have sex because it was a heavy flow. it messed up my cycle completely. Before I would only have my period for 3-4days.  I just switched to the nuvaring, I hope I&#039;ll have a better experience."
"When I was a teen I began getting the dreaded toenail fungus. I went to our family doctor at the time, which was 20 years ago, and he said it was something I had to live with. When I was 22 all 10 nails were infected and would basically pull off with little or no pain. I finally went to see a doctor in Washington, DC were I was going to college and he prescribed terbinafine for me. I was so scared about the liver side effects I only took the first month&#039;s dose. My toenails were clear as ever for about 5 years when it started creeping back. Considering I only took a 1 month dose (pill a day) I think that says a lot for this medicine. I have just been given another script for it and hope and pray I can only do the 1 month of it and things get back to normal."
"Great medication. Immediate results. Life changing for me."
"I have had RLS since I was 14. I am now 42.  RLS is a miserable existence. An annoyance beyond belief. I have gone with no sleep for 3 days at a time more than once because of my legs, or legs and arms, or even knees and a shoulder joining in to laugh at me. I have been on Mirapex most of my adult life at 1 mg being told I could take 2 on bad nights and it worked most nights, but most of my adult life I have taken Mirapex 1 mg, gabapentin 300 mg, trazadone 50 mg, and 1Tylenol #3 Every night.....just to go to sleep. And it took all of that just to go to sleep. A doctor might look at you like your nuts if you ask for all that but I&#039;m telling you it will work. I moved and my new Dr decided to take my Mirapex away and try me on requip.. Fail.."
"I was put on 20mg citalopram in October 2016. I have always had issues with depression but managed to get myself through by exercising. I lost my nan in the January and the grief was a bit too much. Anxiety depression and awful paranoia and panic attacks.

I was promised it was for 3-6 months and then I would be off. No side effects nothing to worry about.

But I feel hungover or foggy most mornings it takes a lot to motivate me. Where I used to get up and go to the gym or to a class I don&#039;t want to, I doubt myself all the time. I feel constantly tired and numb with no feeling whatsoever I have put on weight and feel so uncomfortable in my own skin"
"I have suffered from migraines since I was 19 (now 23). My migraines were debilitating and caused me to miss a lot of school, so my doctor prescribed me Maxalt. Maxalt almost always cures my migraines within 1-2 hours! The relief is long lasting; one dose and I am usually pain-free for an entire day. For me, side effects are infrequent and usually very minor (sleepiness, dizziness, &ldquo;foggy brain&rdquo;). To elaborate on the &ldquo;foggy brain&rdquo; side effect, post-headache I would sometimes experience a feeling of euphoria combined with a difficulty concentrating. Usually this is not a big deal, but if I was taking an exam it would slightly affect my performance and concentration. Overall, a great medication that has improved my quality of life!"
"I am on Nuvigil now and have been for several months. I take the 250mg tabs. Before Nuvigil, I took Provigil for over a year and my doctor told me that Nuvigil was a new refined version of Provigil. They work great for a while, then your body gets used to it; I will go a day or two without it and it seems to work better that way. My insurance did not want to pay for Provigil, so my doctor wrote a letter that it was imperative for my quality of life, so they started paying. When I switched to Nuvigil, nothing was ever said about it. It does make me more alert, but I can still lay down and take a nap while taking it. It is sure better than nothing, Or I would be in bed 24/7 as before."
"Side effects are worse than Fibromyalgia pain. I&#039;ve been taking Lyrica for two months. It was a miracle drug for the first few weeks. I&#039;ve been living with Fibromyalgia for over 35 years and have tried eveything. Anti depressants, excersise, bio-feedback, acupuncture, narcotics, you name it. So I was excited about the dramatic pain reduction from Lyrica.But now I have developed severe muscle weakness, headache, abdominal cramping, acne and difficulty thinking clearly. I can barely hold myself up and I can&#039;t lift anything over a few pounds. I have asked my doctor if I can safely stop taking it. I&#039;m just waiting g for him to return my call. I would rather just live with my horrible pain than take any more of these toxic drugs."
"I was suffering with panic disorder with agoraphobia for 10 years.  It started off pretty innocuous,  a few trips to the ER, calling out of work... As my symptoms got worse I became more and more housebound.  Going ANYWHERE, even a trip to the supermarket was miserable.I couldnt take my kids to the park.I had to quit my job because of the distance and panic attacks. I loved to travel but I could no longer get on a plane, forget getting to the airport.  I literally tried everything. Finally I cracked.  my doc prescribed me lexapro. I was so scared but so desperate.  It has completely given me my life back. Slowly, surely, persistently I began to drive again. 2 years later I am me again. Fight through the side effects. Don&#039;t waste your life."
"For over 5 years Provigil worked very well. It would appear I have developed a tolerance as within the past 6 months I have had an extreme decrease in efficacy. "
"I have been on Trinessa for six months and have decided to switch to Loestrin. I have the worst acne I&#039;ve ever had, not just my face but my back and chest too. I get headaches all the time and I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds. It&#039;s like my appetite for food sky rocketed. My appetite for sexual activity, however, got depleted. Which is frustrating. "
"I have an injection the day after Taxotere chemo for breast cancer. The aches kick in the day after and two days` later are very uncomfortable, mostly in my bones down from the waist. I take 4 x 200mgs of Ibuprofen with my morning cuppa and that takes about an hour to take effect and will last me until about tea time. Then I take a couple of paracetamol before bed. When it starts to get better after about 5 days, I just take a co-codemol tablet before bed and then I sleep. My doc` has approved this regime. I even resorted to drinking wine one night and yes it dulls the pain but I felt rubbish the next day. I experimented to see what worked for me. My blood count is excellent so it all seems worth it."
"I&#039;ve  been prescribed Lyrica 300mg morning and  night also Amitriptyline 10mg for TN pain. Before taking these meds life was near unbearable to live.
The meds do come with some side affects, short term memory loss and sometimes blurred vision  being the worse. I&#039;ve thankfully not had issue with weight gain. You have take the good with the bad sometimes. Without the prescribed meds life would be hell."
"I&#039;m a 74 year-old woman who has had peripheral neuropathy for about 7 years. None of the meds prescribed gave me any relief until I was started on Cymbalta. It seemed miraculous, as within a week or so I had almost no pain or burning in my legs and feet. I&#039;m on 60 mg daily, along with oxycodone (7.5 mg twice daily). In the last couple of years the Cymbalta is far less effective than it was initially, and I would have even more pain if it weren&#039;t for the oxycodone. I asked my doctor about increasing the Cymbalta to 90 mg, but he says you don&#039;t get much more relief beyond the 60 mg dose. It&#039;s very disappointing to have the effectiveness decrease. Side effects are weight gain and sensitivity to heat and sweating."
"It is a fact baclofen took away my craving for alcohol. I am an alcoholic. It is amazing because I had no intention of quitting alcohol. I looked forward to 5 o%u2019clock so I could have a few drinks. The alcohol provided better pain relief than the hydrocodone. With the baclofen I just don%u2019t need alcohol for my pain and have no desire for alcohol. 
I have a friend that flat out died from alcohol abuse. I wish I%u2019d known about Baclofen. How many alcoholics would quit drinking if they could? More doctors and psychologists need to know about baclofen for alcoholism,This medication can save lives, It%u2019s going to save my liver for sure after many years of nightly drinking.I learned about baclofen and alcoholism first by experiencing it not reading it"
"I have had migraine headaches for years now. And this is the only pill that has helped. I would really recommend this to anyone."
"I&#039;ve been taking Avinza for a few years and it has changed my life.  I have chronic back pain and have had 1 unsuccessful surgery.  I will not go through that again just to be disappointed. I started with a dose of 120 mg and have been able to reduce that to only 30 mg over the past 18 months.  I added in a regular visit to a chiropractor and had acupuncture.  All together these things have made my quality of life so much better.   Soon I hope to be off of it totally."
"I took this medicine for both my depression and anxiety.

In the first week I had a really dry mouth and was lightheaded and couldn&#039;t really concentrate on anything but that passed.

It just about cured my anxiety; I can&#039;t even express how grateful I am. While being on it (after the initial 6 wk period), the only time I really suffered from anxiety was in situations where any NORMAL person would start getting anxious and it never escalated to the point of tears and having to lock myself in a bathroom.

As for the depression, it helped a lot but after 18 months of being on the maximum dose, I guess my body has built up a tolerance to it and I now need to change over to something else. I&#039;ve gone back to crying every day. Was great while it lasted."
"I know everyone has different reactions too different birth control, this does not work for me! I switched from the pill to this patch because I hate taking pills every day and it&#039;s so much of a hassle. So I found as soon as I started the patch, first 3 days extremely nauseous, within the first week my fave and chest broke out crazy in deep cystic acne, I didn&#039;t have any acne before, and it cause libido (major decrease in sex drive) as well as made me super emotional and just angry all the time, so therefore I immediately switched back off of it due to too many unwanted side effects, just bought the Nuvaring I hear good things about it and hear it&#039;s a very low dosage ... Hopefully not as many side effects involved."
"I was tappering off of both MS Contin and Percocet and developed diarrhea. I started taking Imodiun and started itching  and a rash. It did help the diarrhea but I am one of the people that had a reaction to this medication, unfortunately. I also had cramping, and sweating as well as lightheadedness."
"Mirena (levonorgestrel) for Birth Control: 36 YRS OLD, NEVER HAD CHILDREN MIRENA INSERTED 1 MONTH AGO, THE PAIN OF THE INSERTION WAS HORRIBLE, BUT MANAGEABLE AND I DID TAKE PAIN PILL BEFORE APPOINTMENT.  BEEN SPOTTING OFF AND ON, SEEMS MORE SPOTTING AFTER SEX.  READING THE REVIEWS HERE ARE HELPFUL AND I WILL REPORT MY THOUGHTS IN A FEW MONTHS.  I SAY DEFINITELY KEEP A LOG OF YOUR SPOTTING, ETC."
"Just had it inserted today and it was pretty painful. I&#039;ve been bleeding for a couple months and after a d&amp;c about a week ago it hasn&#039;t gotten any better. Mirena is the next step for me to try to stop the bleeding. The insertion for me was just as painful as the endoscopy/histoscopy that I had over a month ago. It was a deep cramp with very specific pressure. I should have taken an ibuprofen beforehand to help. Obviously I have no clue how long it will last and if I&#039;ll like it in the long run but I figured I should at least share how I felt about the initial reaction"
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for about a year now. I was taking it for depression and anxiety disorder along with other medications. About 6 months ago I became severely depressed and suicidal. I was put on two more different drugs for mood stabilization. Nothing would help. My doctor did not once tell me that the Cymbalta could be the cause of my increased depression. I finally was taken of the Cymbalta and put on a new drug 6 days ago. Barely 24 hours after the Cymbalta was out of my system my suicidal thoughts and severe depression was almost completely depleted. "
"This is this first and only time I will be taken this pill. It made me feel very out of it. I fell asleep for hours and couldn&#039;t remember anything. I have been on other brands of the oxycodone from 10mg-30mg and none has made me feel this way. WHY?????? No other medicines were mix with the dose. 
Not happy got a whole script  K 36 and Pink 10mg oxycodone. "
"I&#039;m 19 years old and this is my second time doing this. first time i had the lemon but the orange tastes a bit better. i&#039;m now into my morning dose but I just can&#039;t hold it in anymore. I gag after every sip starting to feel dizzy again, my cheek is cramping up and can&#039;t even take the smell anymore... if they ever start producing this in pill form I&#039;ll be the happiest man alive."
"I couldn&#039;t live without this medicine. Elmiron works I just wish it was cheaper."
"Terrible experience on vraylar, upset stomach, insomnia, felt like the flu upon stopping, would not take again.  Glad I stopped after 5 days easier to detox.   Had almost the same experience on saphris , which caused hairloss as well and rough detoxing."
"I have worked rotating shifts for over the 30 years and I have never had enough sleep. So I asked my doctor if there was anything I could try. He suggested Ambien, 10 mg at bedtime. So for the last year I now wake up after 6 hours of rest, which nothing compared to years of restless nights tossing and turning over to look at a clock. Good sleep means a lot and is worth a pill every night."
"I&#039;m not a big fan of this pill at all. I&#039;m on my first month and I didn&#039;t even get to the &quot;brown&quot; pills yet and I already have my period and it&#039;s been lasting for 4 days now. I went on this to shorten my period because my period was lasting for 15 days straight... horrible. I just hope my body will get used to it. I&#039;m afraid I will gain weight. Overall, this pill has not yet helped me. "
"My GP prescribed this for neck cramps from sitting in front a PC monitor so much.  Works great for that.  However, it also works wonders for my lower and mid back pains, aches and spasms.  I take 2 mg a couple times during the day and 4 mg about 30 minutes before bed.  If I am having really bad back pain, I&#039;ll take 4 mg 3-4 times during the day.  I do have some pretty vivid dreams, some bizarre, but few horrid dreams.  Overall this is wonderful medicine for my ailments!"
"I&#039;ve had migraines about once a month for a couple years, sometimes more often. I&#039;m a teenager, so when I would get my migraines I was physically unable to get out of bed, and would have to miss multiple days of school and make up work. Three months ago I went to my doctor because my previous medication wasn&#039;t working. She recommended Excedrin Migraine, and my grades have shot through the roof. I take Excedrin as soon as the vision halos set in, and after 20-45 of the halos, when the migraine would normally set in, instead of an excruciating headache, I get a minor tingling sensation in my head instead, which doesn&#039;t bother me at all, actually kind of feels nice. I would recommend Excedrin Migraine to anyone!"
"I&#039;m not allergic to anything except this drug. It made my body turn red, was painful, and gave me bumps all over my body that looked like measles which lasted for months before going away. I only took this medication for 3 days."
"Original symptoms slightly decreased but side effects such as heart palpitations, sweats, hunger, weight gain, hand tremors, feelings of panic/stress, insomnia, acne, irritable/depressed make me question is it the drug or is it the dosage. Dr says higher dosage is needed. Endocrinologist says lower dosage is needed. Surely medicine for a complaint should be more clear-cut and less guesswork done by the medical profession. I&#039;m told there is no other drug available to me for my hypothyroid problem."
"I have had panic attacks for over 20 years, I been using clonazepam for over 10 years.  I found this medicine to be very helpful it saved my life, but I do hate that I need it just to live a normal life, but glad I do have something to help me to obtain my goals.  I  have started and stopped with this medication prior to recently starting it up again. I used to use 1mg 3x a day, so, I am low dosing for now, 0.5mg. But it is a wonder drug.  One thing people did not write about this drugs is that it keeps you from over thinking which helps for anxiety a great deal.Love this medicine - just do NOT abuse it . I have safely used it for over 10 years."
"Epiduo Forte is a great topical! My dermatologist put me on it about two weeks ago because I have mild, non-cystic acne. I also have oily skin. She said to wash my face with Cetaphil moisturizing cleanser and use a pea size amount of cetaphil facial moisturizer mixed with the Epiduo to make it easier to spread around and prevent total dryness of the skin. She also informed me the the first four weeks would make my skin worse before it got better, so if your trying it and you see this, don&#039;t worry. In the morning, I use Clinique moisture surge on the areas that are most dry and it really helps. I can&#039;t say much about the full results yet, only because its my third week on the stuff, but so far it is trust worthy. Hope this helps !!!"
"Taking this medicine for a prostate infection, I previously took another antibiotic that did nothing as it was a wide spectrum one until my results were in. I have struggled taking these pills, because they do make you feel a bit gassy and also I have struggled to get my breath a bit. My main worry was being sick on them, and because I am forcing myself to eat four fairly big meals a day I have not suffered half as much on that side as I thought. After reading all of the horror stories on here, it has not yet been quite as bad as I had thought it might be. I am about half of the way through the course, taking 100mg 4x a day. Going to try to get to the end, starting to feel a bit better. My urine is clear again but I still have the urge to go."
"I just started my third week Friday night 1.8 milligrams and as of August 2nd I believe I&#039;ve lost almost 20 pounds I have zero urge to eat, I have zero urge to drink anything including water.  I don&#039;t even drink my cup or two cups of decaf in the morning anymore.  I&#039;m afraid I am not getting the energy I need because I really just can&#039;t eat. I am trying to drink as much water as possible.  I&#039;m trying to eat my roughage, and I&#039;ve also started eating fruit that tastes pretty good. I did have some nausea for the first 3 days and that was it. I am having a problem getting the job so far my insurance will not cover it and I hope a miracle happens. I want to stay on and continue losing weight and having my body feel as good as it does."
"I switched over to Portia because my previous birth control was making me highly emotional. Portia was able to fix that. I felt like myself again and I wasn&#039;t crying over every little thing. However, the side effects I&#039;m facing are not worth it to me. The first one is that my cramping from my period is extreme. The main reason I got on birth control was to minimize the pain from my period. With Portia, I&#039;m back to spending a week with a heating pad on my stomach and just hoping for the week would go quicker. The second side effect is the nightmares. I would get them every night the second week of the series. They are awful. I would wake up sobbing. These are just my experiences though."
"last year I had gotten a UTI and was first prescribed Bactrim and it didn&#039;t help. I went back and was prescribed a 10 day pack of Nitrofurion.. Worst decision of my life was to take the Nitrofurion. By the 9th day I started breaking out in hives, which continued to take over my body for the next several weeks. I then spent the next 9 months going to allergists to help me manage the constant hives. I had developed chronic hives from this medication. It has been a year and the hives have finally subsisted. After all that I still had that UTI
I learned a recipe making tea with Uva Ursi to clear the infection (known for killing Ecoli) and drank marshmallow root tea seeped for 8 hrs in cold water. And it cleared up the infection."
"I had a decent experience with Balziva. It wasn&#039;t right for me, but everybody is different, so that doesn&#039;t mean it won&#039;t be great for someone else. Before birth control, my periods coming every other week. With Balziva, they came about halfway through the pack and lasted until the end of the pack. This happened for the 3 months I was on it, so my doctor switched me to a different one. Other than the weird periods, I&#039;ve had a positive experience with Balziva. I think my face did break out a little bit, but nothing serious. My breasts were also a little bit more sensitive, and I have gained a few pounds, but I&#039;m not quite sure if it&#039;s due to the Balziva or me being away at college. But overall good experience."
"23 + no kids. I went to the doctors and expected the worst. I took an Excedrin and 2 Advil beforehand. My doctor &quot;numbed me up real good&quot; with four shots in the cervix. Four sharp pinches. Then measured me with a long probe, also not pleasant - the pain was probably an 8. Then she inserted the Skyla which was uncomfortable and instantly made my legs go numb. She had me lay there until I felt better, and by the time I got up I felt fine. I didn&#039;t feel nauseous or light headed. This followed with a night full of intense cramping and heavy (to me) bleeding, I took another 2 or 3 Advil . Friday I woke up and went to work feeling brand new with light spotting. No bleeding Saturday, Sunday, or Monday with the occasional light cramp. Loving it!"
"I was on Loestrin for 3 years. My experience on this pill was overall a good one. I was sexually active and never used back up, the pill kept all pregnancy scares away. Cramps stopped and stayed away for 3 years until they reappeared suddenly and was one of the reasons I switched. I had little acne and no mood swings (to my knowledge), my breasts did grow almost 2 cup sizes. The only problem I had was due to my own fault. I never took my pill with anything and I&#039;d take it right before I went to bed. In the morning I would feel extremely ill. I fixed this with just taking my pill at dinner. I switched pills because all of a sudden I started bleeding and cramping all the time and not following the pill schedule."
"Roxicet has been extremely effective in relieving my occasional severe pain. Thirty milligrams eases the pain completely and lets me get back to the important things in life, like work or family time."
"Wow! After a 1 year of frustration this really worked. I got an erection after 15 minutes and was able to put on a condom without rushing or worrying about losing my erection. It was so nice."
"I had unprotected sex on day 12 of my cycle. I have two kids. I am 6 months postpartum, and breastfeeding. I am not ready for a third kid, any time soon! I&#039;ve never used EC, so I wasn&#039;t sure what to expect. I didn&#039;t take it till 53 hours after.. So I was very paranoid it wasn&#039;t going to work. 6 days after taking it, I got my period!! I&#039;ve never been so happy.. Cramps and all! I had no side effects at all after taking the pill. I also don&#039;t think my cramps are worse than normal. I would recommend EC to someone, I wouldn&#039;t wait long to take it, but know that it still worked for me even after 48 hours. I&#039;m so grateful! Now time to get back on BC!!"
"I had the Paraguard IUD inserted Dec 18th 2015. I followed up to make sure it was inserted properly and would check my strings every month after my cycle.
On August 13 2017 I discovered I was pregnant. When I went to the doctor not only did I discover I was 6 weeks pregnant, also discovered my IUD is still in the proper position and the doctors are unable to remove it because it is right next to the pregnancy. I also have a cyst on my ovaries that&#039;s bleeding out to top it all off. I will never be using an IUD again because not only did it not work, but now I have an at risk pregnancy all because my IUD is still in the right positioning but failed."
"I&#039;ve tried Prozac and Effexor. I&#039;m back on Topamax because it seems to be the only medicine that works for me. I never thought my bulimia would get this far, I&#039;m 22 and I&#039;ve been bulimic since I was 14. I&#039;m done university, and it&#039;s been the hardest thing I&#039;ve had to go through. I&#039;ve had trouble finding a job and leading my life in the right direction...I wish this medication was sought out more for bulimia."
"I have been taking gabapentin...for awhile now. Me &amp; my husband both. And it works wonders with our depression, anxiety. It also keeps us from craving drugs or alcohol.  It helps with my social anxiety as well. We think its a miracle drug. As far as we&#039;re concerned."
"I started Adipex on 10/23 and by 10/28 I lost 5 pounds so I am impressed with it already. Now I want to start getting some exercise and see what I can really do.

Now after 2 weeks, I still have had no time to exercise and I loosely follow a 1500 calorie diet. Beginning weight 217 lbs and current weight 202 lbs. "
"I noticed pretty good results within two weeks- my general anxiety lowered significantly, but I still get frequent panic attacks."
"I absolutely hate it!! Made me gain so much weight and I&#039;m on day 34 of my period. Getting it out soon thank goodness. I do NOT reccomend it."
"I love Mirena! I got it put in 6 weeks after having my daughter and yes it hurt and I cramped after but I just had a baby so it was nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. I had it put in a little less then a year ago and I just stopped getting periods. I have light spotting and I still get my symptoms of a period. I love having Mirena because I don&#039;t have to remind myself to take a pill and I also love how effective it is. Mirena is more than 99% effective at preventing pregnancy. "
"I have had great result using Tarka.  I had problem controlling my blood pressure, but once my doctor put me on this medication I haven&#039;t had any problems."
"I love this type of birth control. You don&#039;t have to worry about taking it each night. It does effect people in different ways but I have lost weight from stoping my other birth control to this one. I do get migraines and it works awesome! The only thing is that my arm is so itchy!!! I did just get it about a month ago. But love this birth control!!"
"I was on 200 mcg of Fentanyl Patchs, and 100mg of MS Contin 3 times a day and 30mgs of MSIR (instant release morphine) 3 times a day for almost 7 years for these horrible migraines I have constantly. These medicines were not helping anymore after being on them for so long. About 6 months ago I changed doctors who switched me to Opana ER. I am taking 80mgs every 12 hours along with 600mcg Fentora 3 times a day for breakthrough pain. I have not had any side effects from the Opana at all which is wonderful and I can function daily and not be laid up in bed constantly. I would definitely recommend Opana ER but just think about something for breakthrough pain in case it is needed."
"Nexplanon was the WORST birth control I&#039;ve had. I got it implanted on March 1, 2016. After a few weeks all of the bad side effects started to occur. I was confused all the time, gained 8+ pounds in a month while eating healthy and exercising, extremely tired, depressed mood, and the worst side effect: I felt as if I was living in a low blood sugar state at all times. After reading reviews, some say they need to snack every 2-3 hours to not feel dizzy... At that point I would rather not have the implant at all. Got it removed may 28th and it was the best decision I have ever made. Most of the symptoms have subsided, waiting to get another set of blood work done 2 months post removal for my PCP."
"I have been on 60mg of citalopram  for the past year to treat panic and anxiety disorders.  At first I was pleased that the medication seemed to be working but after a while I was feeling lethargic, tired and numbed.  Not myself.  I want to go off it but I am scared of what the side effects might be.  I definitely don&#039;t want the panic attacks back but I feel that I am walking around half asleep.  I want my normal energetic self back!"
"I got this implant in August 2016 , at first it was terrible!  My period stayed on for 9 days , I was depressed  all the time and my cramps were the worse . But after the 9 days my period went off an just came on in October, but it&#039;s been on for 3 weeks now and it&#039;s driving me crazy !"
"I had a muscular injury to my leg. I rubbed on the ointment and the &quot;slight burning&quot; the packaging warn of was a horrible burning that I could not remove with repeated washing with soap and water. The intense burning sensation went on for a few hours. "
"I got my implant in May 2016. 4 of 7 girls I work with have the Nexplanon. I was the last to decide to get mine. Two say it&#039;s perfect &amp; the other is having my same side effects. I&#039;ve enjoyed not having a period or super light spotting. It&#039;s working as far as not getting pregnant. I have not enjoyed the side effects one bit. Since May, I&#039;ve gained 20lbs, super emotional getting upset &amp; crying/angry for no real reason, and NEVER wanting to have sex. I&#039;ve been with the same amazing boyfriend for 3yrs. I&#039;ve never not wanted to have sex with him. I&#039;m a sexual person and I enjoy it. Now, I could care less if we have sex, we need to use lube, sex drive is gone. It&#039;s taken a toll on my relationship. For me, it&#039;s not worth it. It&#039;s coming out ASAP"
"I have tried most of them. Mirpex works well and I have had no side effects. I tired to stop all my meds that I&#039;ve taken - some for 40 years - so I could see how bad the condition had become over 40 years. It was terrible, I can&#039;t image surviving life had Mirapex, Sinemet and Clonopin come along. Opis work well too. Cannabis helps a lot."
"Few weeks off Accutane and happy with the results. Experienced minimal side effects. Just hope acne will never come back like before."
"I have had spinal fusion,  done with 6 discs herniated and a fractured vertebrae and a spinal stimulator put in and about 36 injections but was never a pain med. person until I could not walk. So I broke down and took the lightest dose of percocet 5mg. It worked for me but after surgery the pain was really really bad. so the Dr. started me on butrans 5mg but it didn&#039;t not do anything, so went to the 15mg but got very very sick, sluggish unmotivated just felt lousy BUT got rid of the pain.  I have gone back  down to the 10mg and stayed on that for a bout 6-8 months but I have just got tired of feeling lousy, and sluggish, so I went to the percocet 10mg as I need them and I have found what works for me. I hope it helped out."
"When I first starting taking abilify, I was about 14 and a half and 130 pounds, and it worked great. My mood was great, side effects were minimal. However, over the course of about a year I have gained almost 60 pounds, and that was while playing two varsity sports and a club sport that whole time, so I was active majority of that time. When I came off it recently, I lost about 10 pounds over two weeks, but I was much worse than I was before I went on it, (which I find weird), so I was put back on. It is impossible to get the weight to go away."
"I&#039;ve been on 75mg of Effexor XR for about 3 weeks. I still have some anxiety but I can tell it is helping. I was very afraid of sexual side effects when taking this medicine but I&#039;m happy to report that overall its not been a problem. 70% of people do not have sexual side effects. "
"I&#039;m currently starting my fourth pack of Lutera. This past month for me has been a bit nuts for me and my boyfriend. I&#039;ve been overly emotional and anxious beyond belief. I AM dealing with emotional triggers but I feel Lutera has exacerbated things. I&#039;ve had a loss of appetite but I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s because I&#039;m loosing my mind. Ugh, birth control.  On the other side, my breast have been fuller than normal, which has been a perk. My flow and pre-menstrual physical symptoms have been just fine. No unusual cramping, spotting, etc. I&#039;m continuing with Lutera for another 3 months and am hoping to see my emotions settle down. "
"I was on Clavaris for 5 months for my moderate acne that only got worse with age (I am 26). It worked wonders. I have been off the medicines for 3 months- not one pimple and even the old scars cleared up. One downside though was that I started getting depressed and anxious especially during the last month so I stopped taking it. The depression went away but I have trouble with speaking in public forums and in interviews now. I know, kind of ironic to have less self esteem now even with the perfect skin. Just watch out for those signs, they could be dangerous if not controlled or even acknowledged. Overall I am still happy I took the medicine."
"It does work, but you need to give it a few weeks to help with the cravings. I lost my partner, my friends and my licence. Thanks to finding out about Campral myself on the net, my life has turned full circle and I got my REAL friends and life back again.
My side affects were gas and lightheadness. I can live with that."
"bad"
"I have been on this med just over 3 weeks. I initially was put off by the side effects (feeling a bit off, nausea, body aches) so started at one tab every other day. That seemed to make the transition better. But still not without side effects. The worst of which are: dry mouth (which helps up water intake so not too bad), hot flashes (which are NOT fun but manageable ), and constipation (the worst of them all and nothing I do seems to help).   
But to date I have just hit my 10 lb lost mark!  Within the first few days I could walk by cakes or donuts that were brought in to work and it was like it didn&#039;t even register as &quot;food&quot; in my mind.  Cravings for soda and junk are gone and I can eat very little to feel full."
"I got the nexplanon in March of 2015 so far it&#039;s been good never had any problem bleeding wise but I have developed severe anxiety and depression and I&#039;m always tired but when I close my eyes my anxiety kicks in and I can&#039;t sleep and I&#039;ve had horrible mood swings the littlest things set me off!"
"I have been on Pristiq for 3 months now. I am a 23 year old male who suffers from depression. It is only the second drug I have tried after Cipramil (Which did nothing for me). I started on 50mg, and at first felt great (minus minor nausea, headaches and bad insomnia). However, in comparison to the depression, the side effects were well worth it, and my Doctor said they would go away. The sides only lasted a week and I felt pretty good. A few weeks later however, I was feeling really bad again, so my Doctor upped me to 100mg. This did the same thing as when I first started the medicine, gave me small side effects, but made me feel ALOT better in general. Sure enough the side effects were gone after a few days, but now the 100mg dose isn&#039;t doing much."
"I have Mitral Valve Prolapse and extreme anxiety where I basically depleted my adrenals from being so anxious all the time. I was in a constant state of fight or flight. Since my Dr. prescribed this medicine a few years ago it has worked wonders and changed my life. I am now able to function fairly normally as it greatly reduces my heart rate. I seem to have extreme sensitivity to heat as well and it calms my pulse in warm temperatures too. Its never fun to always be aware of a racing heart rate and this med really helps. Takes about 20 mins to kick in but then I usually feel much calmer. Very happy to been prescribed this."
"I was prescribed Nitrofurantoin(7 days) after Trimethoprim wasn&#039;t working after 3 days. What started as a urine infection got further up and spread to bladder &amp; kidneys. 
I immediately looked online at reviews of Nitrofurantoin and was scared to death about taking it after what I read. 
I took it at 8am and 8pm WITH food (just 2 slices of toast or 2 weetabix was enough for me to not feel sick after taking it) BUT for me, if I got up and tried to do too much just after taking the tablet I&#039;d feel a bit sick. So for the first hour after taking it i&#039;d just sit and relax and then I&#039;d be fine!  
The only side effect I got was a bit of a dry mouth. I started feeling the tablet working after 2 days. Definitely recommend this! U.K. England"
"I am 32 years old and have struggled with acne since high school.  I was completely freaked out about taking this medication after reading all the horror stories online, but after talking to my doctor I knew I wanted to give it a try.  I am in my 2nd month of taking the medication and I have seen dramatic results.  I have not had any bad side effects so far.  Have had dry lips (too be expected) but they have not been bad at all (Thanks to Aquaphor Lip Repair - I constantly put it on).  My skin is dry, which is also to be expected.  I wear contacts and my eyes do get dry at times, but no drops help.  I do notice joint aches at times so I take Tylenol or Advil and it helps.  It&#039;s nothing severe at all.  BEST MEDICATION EVER."
"Original total cholesterol value was 237.  Prescribed 10mm of Crestor and had stomach cramps. Two weeks later prescribed 10mg of Simvastatin. After 3 months, recent blood test revealed a total cholesterol value of 139.  No side effects and all other blood test results were in normal levels. Works for me."
"I had a yeast infection for about 3 days last week. I knew I needed to do something. I purchased the 1 day treatment with the day and night time option. I inserted the medication on my lunch at work with out using the cream or wipes. I then started reading reviews which freaked me out and I got so scared. Nothing happened for a few hours then there was a slight burning sensation. Nothing horrible. Some of the medication came out on the pad I was wearing, and the uncomfortableness lasted the rest of the night. I woke up fine and the yeast infection was gone. Worked for me, and will use this again."
"I started taking this since I was 17, 19 now. Works great, but definitely gained weight. I gained about 30 pounds while on it. my boobs went from a B to a C &amp; usually they usually get tender the week before I start my period. My period lasts about 4 days with light bleeding. Never had an issue with headaches or severe cramps. I took this pill every morning, but if you take it without breakfast you tend to feel a little nauseas."
"So happy! I have been taking Celexa for 12 years, tried several others first with terrible side effects or no effect at all. Have stopped taking it a couple times ...fantastic sex drive but depression returned. Instead have reduced to 10 mg/day and it&#039;s still working for me after all these years. "
"At first I was scared because I heard some people had non stop bleeding. But I&#039;ve been on this for about a year now and it&#039;s been great. I get my period , maybe once every 2 months but I rarely get it. I don&#039;t have to worry about it and I have no side affects. I&#039;ve tried the shot and the pill before and don&#039;t get me wrong the pill was great. It was just the matter of remembering.  I hated the shot. I only did it once and I stopped because it gave me bad stomach pains and I was consistently bloated.  So my body took the implant pretty well and I don&#039;t plan on taking it out anytime soon."
"My experience on this medication was a roller coaster but thank God I stayed on. I am a 21 year old college female, studied abroad in Europe with no anxiety problems, but when I came home my world came crumbling down. I couldn&#039;t work and would even throw up and pass out from anxiety. When I went on 5mg I had every side effect in the book. I wanted to get off but stuck it out. Went from 5 to 10 to 20mg, which I am on now. It took 5-6 weeks but THANK GOD I waited. I feel back to my old self and can resume my normal life. I would&#039;ve been in the looney bin had it not been for Lexapro. Not a 10/10 because it took so long to work and side effects were awful at first, but they go away!"
"This drug works wonders on most people including myself.  It calmed my panic, it helped my depression and helped me see life for what it is instead of worrying about every little problem.  "
"This is the only drug that has kept my generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder under control. I prescribed this by my PCP when I was about 20 and have been taking it up to the present. I couldn&#039;t go without it. "
"I&#039;ve been battling depression and anxiety for 20 years. I&#039;ve tried just about every medicine, but they all kept me from sleeping and I suffer insomnia on my own as it is, but they made it worse. It took a month on lexapro before I could wake up. But I gave it that month to see and the side effect went away and I sleep better than I usually do. It helped depression and anxiety in just days.
Recently, my husband of only one year left me at the same time that my mother died. It&#039;s not helping as much now, but were I not on it I would NOT be here. Even on it, it&#039;s a daily fight."
"I dumbly took Botox for migraines after not researching the potentially dangerous and fatal side effects. Botox is a dangerous neurotoxin that can cause the symptoms of botulism if it spreads. This is exactly what has happened to me. Side effects included extreme muscle weakness, dropping eye lids, difficulty swallowing and breathing and as well as vertigo, ringing in the ears and burning and numbness in my arms and legs. Side effects lasted longer than the 3-6 months I was told they would by doctors. Do your research before trying Botox."
"I had the nexplanon for a year and two months. It was an effective form of birth control until it started giving me excruciating joint pain to the point that I could not get out of bed. It started with the bottom of my feet and my toes. At first I thought I had hurt myself working out or some problem with my feet. Two days after that it started in my fingers and then day after day it started working its way to my wrists, elbows then shoulders. Then it started moving to my knees. The inflammation and the pain grew tremendously. This was all in a month. During that month I went to several doctors. None of them knew what it was. It sounded like RA But I did not have any of the symptoms that would lead to arthritis."
"Clearly the nuva ring doesn&#039;t work the same for everyone but I love it. Stick it in once a month and forget about it. Cleared my face up and it didn&#039;t affect my sex drive. Occasionally I experience dryness but that&#039;s what lube is for ladies!! Don&#039;t be afraid to try it I&#039;m sure your partner will be open to the ideA."
"I was told I had osteoarthritis and surgery is not an option on my knee due to my age.  I had the cortisone shot in August.  It did nothing.  Therefore, I had the Synvics-one in March. Oh my god, there ought to be law that ALL doctors should be frank with their patients, who are in severe pain and seek relief.  Low and behold, I had the shot which was somewhat painful, but bearable.   The first night I was in agony...could not sleep for the pain.  It has been a week, and severe stiffness has set in.  A friend recommend Blue emu for the pain, and Tylenol.  The Blue Emu helps, but the pain (which is  as worst as last week) is beginning to subside during the day.  At night...just horrible, I awake ever two to three hours with pain!  Never!!!"
"I wouldn&#039;t typically give any drug such a high rating, but Vyvanse has truly changed my life with few if any side effects. I take 20 mg once a day, and it lasts 12 to 14 hours. It took about 2 weeks of trial and error to find the dosage, but it was very worthwhile. I am happier, less anxious, and significantly more organized than I have ever been. I am a student and many areas of my life--academics, social functioning, general health, etc.--have all improved greatly. The inattentive fog has cleared, and I finally feel able to create the life I want to be living. Better control over my life has also given me back self-esteem and stabilized my moods. I am so grateful."
"First of all, for all the people writing reviews that haven&#039;t been on this drug for AT LEAST 4-6 WEEKS your reviews are almost invalid, this drug is as two-faced as many make it out to be and for those people they just aren&#039;t giving it enough time to see both sides of it. I have been on and off Seroquel for a few years now and currently taking 150mg at night for the past 3 months. It helped with anxiety and sleep which was great! I was less intimidated and anxious at school and with friends. However, it seriously affected my mood, constantly shifting from agitated to blunted, my concentration, my dreams, weight and eventually, over the course of about six weeks, caused one of the most serious relapses in my depression in years. Be careful!"
"Good Experience overall. More motivated less depressed and no side effects. I take 30mg. You have to take it with food otherwise you&#039;d get nausea."
"Doc put me on this drug as a &quot;broad spectrum&quot; for a suspected bacterial infection.  What started out ok (bad taste but no other side effects) turned into HELL.  On day six, this drugs side effects came on strong.  Horrible taste, AWFUL nightmares to the point where I would lay in the bath or repeatedly read a poster in my room to avoid falling asleep.  Stomach pain and nausea were unbearable and I was very disoriented."
"My headaches have been a true mix of both tension/migraine.  I cannot tolerate triptans, due to heart and blood pressure issues.  I could not function without this medicine, when I have a bad headache, that can keep me in bed for days.  One warning, as I&#039;ve been on and off these for 20 plus years - and you will be up a tolerance, and risk of rebounds - so take early when you feel one coming on, so as not to need more during the day."
"This pill works fast. Taste is horrific but it works. One issue I have is that I have crazy mood swings and mental problems. I&#039;m seeing doctors but they believe these came out of nowhere because of the pill side effects. So if your noticing yourself crying a lot or having mental issues out of no where go back to your doctor."
"I have a son that has struggled with an attention problem in school since kindergarden. He is now 11 years old. We tried everything not to put him on medication. The homework struggle and impulsiveness became too much for us to handle, and we finally agreed to try something. His doctor told us about a new ADHD medication called Vyvanse. Believe this or not, it was like magic the first day. He was able to get all his work done in class, and went from a A,B,C student to all A&#039;s and one B in one quarter. We have the report cards to prove it. The side effects are minimal and for him the 30mg works great. I encourage anyone battling this problem to ask their childs doctor about Vyvanse. It has changed by sons life as well as ours."
"I have been off and on Byetta for about 2 years.  I had issues with vomiting and not being able to tolerate the 10mg.  Finally I found the answer.  My doctor said to take the injection then wait 1 full hour to eat, and not to eat more than a very very small portion of food. I have not had any upset stomach doing this. I thought it was because of what I ate, like salad dressing or greasy foods, but it was the amount of food that I ate that was making me sick.  I haven&#039;t been sick this round of using the medicines, using this method and feeling very full after just a few bites of food.  Try limiting your food intake to relieve stomach upset."
"I can&#039;t say whether or not this was successful at treating my UTI because I had to stop on the third day. I was experiencing severe side effects, including chest pain and  numbness in my hands and arms. Also it was rather expensive, even with my insurance, after I stopped taking it my doctor prescribed Keflex which worked and was only $2.00 a month."
"I was hospitalized within the first 3 weeks of taking Tricyclen as I had a severe side effect. It created excess spinal fluid in my body causing pressure on my brain. This required two lumbar punctures to help drain my spinal fluid following by a week of being bedridden. 

Please please please talk to your doctor before taking this. I have never had a problem like this with BC before until I got put on Tricyclen and threw the rest of them out."
"I was on some heavy duty antibiotics, which caused a yeast infection. So I called my doctor. She told me to get monistic, but not the one day (she said that one caused burning) 

I think she might secretly despise me. Like, why tell someone to get this vaginal hell cream instead of just prescribing a one day pill. 

Anyways, day one was like hell. It burned and itched and my fianc&eacute; thought I was insane. Literally insane. I cried, I rocked on the floor crying and itching my sore vagina. Night two right now and it&#039;s not so bad. It burns, and itches but nothing like last night. I&#039;ll update the next few nights."
"I took the first pill today (4/17/15) and within 30 minutes I felt as if I just walked out of an Olympic sized pool that I&#039;ve been walking in my whole life. I&#039;m super alert and my hearing even perked up. Wow! I generally don&#039;t like taking meds that make me &quot;feel&quot; different but this is a reaction I can appreciate. I feel like I&#039;m plugged in right now. Like my metabolism switch was turned back to &quot;teen&quot;! I&#039;m looking forwards to the weight loss and weening off the med and maintaining better eating habits and exercise...for life."
"Be very careful with the dosing, less is more. Start slow, for me, I&#039;m Bipolar 1 &amp; 50 mg brought clarity but 100 mg. made word finding difficult."
"Lisinopril 10mg and jumping rope twice a day for 10 mins, controlled my high blood pressure bringing the numbers from 140/90 to 118/60. Not side effects at all. I&#039;m guessing I&#039;m so lucky not feeling the side effects as many people do."
"A combination of PTSD....also suspect too many years standing watch in Navy.
It has all resulted in YEARS of a nightmare surrounding sleep
It featured high anxiety which began about 5PM.. inability to go to sleep once I got into 
bed, and waking up during night and early AM awakening...
I was lucky to get 4 hours..sometimes so wired no sleep at all during night
Prazosin shuts off my mind so I can not only go to sleep but stay asleep..
and the result of my days are better...less focus on negativity
I am unable to verbalize how much it has helped.....so entirely thankful
my physician who listened and Rxd..
He works with other vets too who apparently have also remarkable stories
of success."
"Before taking Paxil, I was on several different antidepressants which didn&#039;t work. At one point I had to be hospitalized, but since being on Paxil I am no longer depressed. Only side effect that I have experienced is dry mouth. It has been 17 years that I have been symptom free!"
"I&#039;m 21 and have two babies. I had the Mirena inserted about 6 weeks after my son was born. Insertion was slightly painful but overall had few cramps that day. From there on after had unpredictable bleeding and bad mood swings bloating all the time even still today. My periods are light but the side effects constantly make me feel as if I&#039;m pregnant. I&#039;m have cravings and breakouts sometimes. My partner feels it during intercourse and he absolutely despises it I&#039;ve been seriously considering getting it removed but as for a long term birth control it&#039;s a good option but my side effects are awful. I&#039;ve had it now for 9 months. "
"From Day One, the very first dose of Suboxone, I was able to quit my habit. No withdrawals at all - even the mental depression &amp; lack of energy the Suboxone had that covered too! Never missed a moment from work (except to make my Subs appointments). I feel great and am living again. Now I&#039;m into Month #2 of Suboxone Maintenance: 16 mg. a day, as one daily dose. The best news is my insurance covers the &#039;program&#039;. So instead of chasing a high every 4 hours &amp; wasting $300-400 a month, I take one single Suboxone dose each morning and just $8/month (!) in copay. For me a Win-Win situation.                            Side Effects: Urinary hesitation and constipation - that&#039;s all."
"I&#039;ve been taking 250mg for almost a week.  At first I felt a bit euphoric, but that quickly passed.  Now I just feel physically anxious- sweating, increased heart rate and blood pressure, heat waves.  I&#039;m cutting down to 150mg and hoping that the effects subside as I get used to being on the medicine.  If this anxiety does not go away, I cannot continue on the medication."
"Being un-diagnosed bi-polar for almost 40 years having many manic breaks until one was so big I wound up hospitalized.  I was put on Topamax, Prozac and Lunesta. With a Bi-Polar type II diagnosis I had to change my lifestyle.  Already in recovery I approached mental health in the same way.Topamax soon wasn&#039;t enough so my doc tried Latuda and it didn&#039;t work. Depakote is working great I am finally myself! Yes it makes me hungry I just keep my calorie count the same. The med doesn&#039;t cause weight gain -  my decisions do. With how well it works I&#039;d take some curves and feel this awesome any day!!"
"This works! I&#039;m so happy my doctor recommended me this 5 years ago! My life has less worries! Thanks Hyper care/Drysol!"
"I have been taking Januvia for 3 months and my A1C has dropped from 7.2 to 6.6.  I have also lost 12 pounds."
"This medication acts fast, causes me be be jittery, my blood pressure is low and then settles down after a few hours, then my blood pressure rises again. I take 2 a day."
"I have been on Lo for over 7 years now and love it!! I went thru 3 other BCs with horrid side effects and then found this! I have never experienced any negative side effects and have not had an unwanted pregnancy so I suggest it!"
"I had anxiety and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and tried many medicines before pregabalin. It has been the most effective of all. I would describe my condition as a constant compulsion to change the present moment, no matter what I&#039;m doing. I had only a very vague idea what &#039;relax&#039; meant. I get what I think is relaxation on pregabalin and just be. The compulsion to change every moment is greatly reduced.
For side effects I do get dizziness and if I miss a dose, I can&#039;t sleep."
"If you are debating on whether to take this, please don&#039;t hesitate. I was in car accident Dec 2012 and have whiplash/cervical strain. Injured my neck and shoulder. I was in pain for the past 9 months and no doctor would prescribe me narcotics due to Ohio law. I was miserable, crying, irritable and nothing I took (IB, Tylenol) wouldn&#039;t touch the pain. I got a prescription for Gabapentin, which I am allergic to BAD side effects. Finally the doc gave me Lyrica, within 15 min of taking pain GONE. I feel like I&#039;m back to normal again (like the day before accident). Lyrica is a miracle although pricey. There is a program you can get through Lyrica website to qualify for free prescription. Try it."
"I was given Flolan after a major heart attack and bypass surgery. In the ICU for a month my vitals were failing and lung function continued to decrease. As a last resort Flolan was given (on a ventilator this entire month). Within 24 hrs my blood oxygen was near normal and I was soon off the ventilator.  Without this medicine I would have surely died."
"Works on paranoia really well, very calming. But this is really for SEVERE symptoms (mostly POSITIVE schizophrenic symptoms like hearing voices, paranoia). The higher the dose, the more zombielike. It literally is a chemical straight jacket.. But some of us need it."
"This drug was totally ineffective for restless leg syndrome.  DR determined it would help.  Dr was wrong."
"I was put on Lexapro for 6 months as a trial after having a major anxiety attack (my first one ever) to see how my anxiety would change. I was prescribed 20mg. Because I have never been on medication in my life and heard these things can be highly addicting I took it upon myself (and with the approval of my Dr) to only take 10MG for the duration of the trial period. I definitely feel it helps with anxiety in the short-term. I gained 40lbs, especially in my belly area and head HORRIBLE heart burn. I also had dizzy spells once in a while. I would not count on any meds for long-term. I recommend change in lifestyle than to suffer from side effects of meds. The good almost doesn&#039;t outweight the bad."
"Monistat 7

I&#039;d used Monistat in the past, worked great, no problems, so this time I picked up Monistat brand since I didn&#039;t want to risk having a different experience.

WAS THAT EVER A MISTAKE!

The first dose was fine and my YI cleared up significantly.  I was pretty happy.  The second dose came with intense itching that nothing relieves. It was horrible!  It lasted about an hour.  The third dose I had the same intense itching plus unbearable burning!  I washed and douched and tried to get as much off of me as possible.  It&#039;s nasty greasy stuff, so hard to wash off.  I won&#039;t be sleeping much tonight as the burning is NOT fading off like the itching did.

It&#039;s worse than the YI."
"I went to the Dr. today for a medication refill, and happened to have a migraine which was getting to the point of vomiting. When the Dr. came in, he gave me a sample which I took in the office. Within an hour, it was gone, without the weird side effects of Imitrex and Relpax."
"Insect bite: No side effects. Tape was a relief for the pain and swelling relief."
"I started this medication about a week ago in preparation for Lasik surgery. At first I balked at the price, but it works really well and I thank my lucky starts for the company that made it. My eyes are not as red as before and I am not blinking every three seconds. I think it&#039;s great!"
"I been on nexplanon going on 3 years in July I can  honesty say this is the worst  birth control ever please don&#039;t make the same mistake I made I suffer mood swings depression long period that last for 2 week maybe more my sex drive was so low,  I had anxiety attacks, bad acne,  yeast infection and weight gain.  This birth control will make u so mean and grumpy the only good thing about this product is you can&#039;t get pregnant unless it is inserted  incorrectly in your arm. Out of all the stuff I have gone through I never gotten pregnant so it does it job. But who want to put up with the horrible side effects? but everybody body different "
"I am really worried about all of the negative side effects that everyone keeps talking about, only because I already had them before I got Mirena put in. I just had Mirena put in two days ago, I was on the third day of my period, and it was heavy enough for super tampons.  Now, two days later, it&#039;s not even heavy enough for alight tampon, I&#039;ve been wearing a liner since I had it put in.  The process of getting it was nothing. The doctor kept telling me that I might feel a cramp.... nothing but a tiny pinch. Overall it went very good for me. I went out in the waiting room for a few minutes and was reading a magazine. Felt a little carsick, but that went away in less than a minute and hasn&#039;t been back since."
"My dr. prescribed Contrave for weight loss.  I started taking it yesterday with only 1 tablet around lunchtime.  About an hour later I was bowing down to the toilet and extremely dizzy.  It&#039;s been 24 hours now and I&#039;m still feeling nauseous and I feel &quot;out of it&quot;. I&#039;m glad I only took 1 pill!"
"I&#039;ve been trough a lot of trauma, lost my family, just had a baby and now looking forward to  a Euro-trip. This drug is a life-saver, after trying a lot. Makes me feel good, lot less anxiety and safe to take it while taking care of my daughter. You found the right one! ;-)"
"I got on Wellbutrin Xl 150mg cause I was having a hard time with racing thoughts and depression . It&#039;s been two weeks and my anxiety went up from a 6 to like 100 it also makes me afraid I&#039;ll hurt my self when I get the strong anxiety feeling its weird. I also have been really shaky inside and nausea it&#039;s hard to eat I get so sick at my stomach which isn&#039;t so bad I need to lose some lbs . I told my doc and he is going to add abilify 2 mg to see if it helps . I haven&#039;t picked up the prescription yet till later today. I hope it helps . I just want to feel normal again enjoy life instead of dwelling on everything. "
"This medicine is amazing. I have taken this for three different urinary tract infections and it has cured them in only one day, seriously. I give it a rating of 11."
"I have had no side effects from Januvia.  My A1C went from 9.2 to 5.5 using 1500 mg of Metformin and 100 mg Januvia, and adjusting my diet and exercising a bit.   I am lucky in tht neither Metformin or Januvia seems to bother me.

There is a savings certificate on the Januvia site to keep the co pay down to $5, normally it would be $55 for me."
"Though the Prednisone is working so far for the anemia, the side effects are bad. Extreme retention of fluids, high blood pressure, moon face, little sleep, and indigestion.  Now taking more pills to combat the side effects of this medicine. "
"This is the best medicine for Chronic pancreatitis. I am using it and it&#039;s very helpful for me. Please use less amount of protein in your food and break your meal in two three to four parts in full day. Don&#039;t take more amount of food at one time. This medicine is helpful for improving pancreas.
"
"I&#039;ve had this for a month- perfect. No pain, no cramps- feel completely normal and happy! This is the birth control I&#039;ve been looking for. I&#039;m on my first period- showed up like clock work and very light. No pain! Great. Give it a shot."
"I was prescribed this medication when Celexa wasn&#039;t working. My doctor put me on 75mg to start and that night I took my first dose at 9:30pm and by 11pm I was a total wreck. I became super nauseous and began throwing up quite a bit. My my body was restless and my arms and neck were numb and tingly. I managed to get a bit of sleep but the next morning was a write off - I felt completely disabled and lethargic. I was so weak, I could hardly hold my cell phone. I could hardly walk I was so dizzy and the brain zaps were fierce. I immediately visited my doctor and he prescribed me something else. 75mg to start was way tooooo strong for me. I can&#039;t believe the side effects I&#039;ve suffered after 1 dose. My advice would to please try another option."
"I have been on the Implanon since May of 09. At first I bled a lot, like everyday for six months then I would bleed two weeks out of a month. I had really bad mood swings so I went to my doctor and she put me on Prozac to calm me down. After I was put on that I wasn&#039;t as stressed and I am now bleeding once a month for 5 days except this month, I haven&#039;t had a period. I like this birth control because I do not have to think about it at all and because it&#039;s a three year plan which is perfect for me but other than those minor issues I love the Implanon."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and have had terrible acne for almost five years. I tried every possible thing before being put on Bactrim. I have been on this medicine for a little less than a year. After trying every other medicine my primary doctor could prescribe she gave me this and it worked so well. I&#039;ve never had a problem with side effects. I highly recommend this medicine if you haven&#039;t had luck finding a solution to getting rid of your acne."
"I am 40 yrs old, and I have had Mirena just 2 months shy of 5 years before having it removed. I experienced some cramping when it was inserted and a few days after. Post removal, I had very minor cramping, but nothing that required medication. I have had no to very light periods the entire time. I still weigh within 5 pounds of what I weighed when I got it. No mood swings, no anxiety, no depression. This is the best birth control that I&#039;ve had. Previously I was on Depo for 12 years and the pill before that. Everyone&#039;s body chemistry is different, therefore, the negative experiences may not be yours. If you are hesitant, I would try Depo Provera first as my experience with both have been very similar."
"Life saver!! When I first got this I had about ten pimples on my face.. I&#039;ve been suffering from acne for years and years. I applied this and went to bed and when I woke up I could already tell a difference. Within 2-3 days I had no pimples on my face! I&#039;m not joking! Also it did not make my skin feel dry at all which is a bonus! This cream seriously boosted my self confidence by 100%! I will continue to use this for as long as I can."
"Love this med! Nothing else works to stop my nose from running all day."
"I was prescribed the metronidazole vaginal gel for bacterial vaginitis. They have me using the gel before bed for 5 days. Tonight will be my 4th night of use. So far the only side effects I have noticed are a very think, white discharge and menstrual like cramps and discomfort in my pelvic area. I also have had a slight decrease in my appetite. "
"Anafranil completely rid me of OCD for the first time in my life.  No other medication was as effective. I recommend anyone with severe OCD at least give Anafranil a try."
"I am bipolar on 500mg Lamictal, 1200mg gabapentin and prescribed Klonopin. I am prescribed to take it 1.0 two times a day but don&#039;t need to often. When I am hysterical or very angry in which I want to hit someone or tell them off which happens sometimes you take half usually and it works. I take a whole one if its too much to handle. I don&#039;t use it all the time sometimes not even for a week. It&#039;s wonderful for those out if control moments! Klonopin is much better for bipolar, to use than Xanax. Xanax had no effect in me at all!"
"Product had pretty much zero impact on my acne. I used daily, sometimes twice daily for a year and there have been no results. Product can be pricey as well. I&#039;m not sure it&#039;s worth. At least it wasn&#039;t for me."
"My experience with implanon has been off and on good. I got my implant in July 2015 and in September I started losing weight due to diet and exercise. I eventually fell off with that then started gaining weight. So I cannot be sure if its the implant or not? My boobs were constantly sore with the month of October, that has gone away now. I had my period in August, and spotted a little in September but I have not had my period since which the doctor said was normal. I have had a lot of depressed symptoms, I am more sensitive now than I was before. But now I am getting use to it and just becoming more intune with my body. Overall I do like the implant, the procedure did not hurt, everything went well. So far so good for me :)"
"My daughter has been on this medication for a little over a year. She is doing wonderfully on it, besides her attitude and behavior when it wears off.  I do however, give her an additional pill in the afternoon if we have something to do in the evening. The only side effect that she gets is not wanting to eat. She has been on several other medicines and this one is the best."
"I&#039;m not exaggerating when I tell you all: This medicine has truly CHANGED my life! After suffering with clinical depression and anxiety for over 12 years, this is the only medicine that has completely taken the anxiety away. I take it along with Prozac 30mg and WOW what a difference it has made for me. (I&#039;ve been on Prozac for 8-10 years). The Prozac helps with depression, but since my main problem was anxiety, it didn&#039;t help very much with that. Xanax wouldn&#039;t work for me like it used to, and after this last debilitating episode of anxiety, I had lost hope that anything would work for me. I&#039;m only on 10mg on Buspar and it&#039;s literally made me the way I was before I started suffering all those years ago.  I feel like the REAL ME again! Amazing!"
"Started taking contrave July 13th the 1st week I lost 3lbs but since then I have gained 4lbs... I have counted calories staying under 1200 a day  and exercised 30 mins 3-4 times a week before contrave but had come to a platue so dr. wanted me to try contrave I am thinking this is not a drug for me..... I will give it one more week before going back to dr.... hoping for some changes.."
"This review is past due because I stopped taking Lo Loestrin a couple years ago due to job/insurance change and moving. But out of all the pills I&#039;ve tried, this one was actually one of the better ones I tried. PROS: NO periods, no cramps, no mood swings, all gone :D!!  I&#039;m a heavy bleeder with horrible cramps/pains. This completely got rid of it and it was SO nice. 
Weight gain! For some this is a huge con,  but I&#039;m a 5&#039;2 105lb stick figure girl and I&#039;ve always struggled with trying to gain a healthy weight. This added about 5-10lbs on and I was really happy about it. 
CONS: Acne :(  I never had bad acne until I started taking this. Also had no desire for sex, but I took it to fix my bad periods, not for dodging babies."
"Okay so i started my first depo in July of 2016 because I had a pregnancy scare and my periods are terrible, the first month was fine. Second month I started spotting but it never showed after a day. The third month was just terrible blood everywhere! I went to my docotor and she told me that its rare for women to still have heavy periods on the depo and convinced me to get another in September which was my last. I bled for the entire 2nd shot and thats what? 4 months counting August. I have nothing but blood clots n pain. I feel I lost my boyfriend because I couldn&#039;t have sex. If iIdid would cause me to bleed a lot more! Its now been 3 weeks since I&#039;m off the depo PLEASE DNT GET THIS SHOT!! Its just a mistake you&#039;ll carry for 10 months!"
"I have absolutely no complaints about Celexa. I&#039;ve been on 20mg for about a month and a half now, and I feel like a huge weight has just been lifted off of me. I spend so much less of my day thinking about things that upset me, and I&#039;m much more capable of just letting negative thoughts go and not letting them affect me. As a college student, I&#039;ve dealt been dealing with a tremendous amount of social and academic stress. I was very weary about getting on an antidepressant out of fear of being &quot;judged&quot;, but in retrospect getting on Celexa may be the best decision I&#039;ve ever made. I couldn&#039;t help but to post on here and share my experience. It certainly took a little while to kick in, but be patient. I am feeling happy like I haven&#039;t in years!"
"I was diagnosed a year ago. I have cataplexy as well. I&#039;ve been taking 250mg daily of Nuvigil for about 8 months and I&#039;m very happy with it. The only complaint is that (as another person said) it doesn&#039;t last all day, I also crash out in the afternoon. If you have this problem I suggest eliminating idol time. I have noticed that if I keep myself busy I have no problem going through the day normally. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects whatsoever.  Most of the other medications may keep you awake all day, but seeing as the side effects can be devastating for many people, I&#039;ll take the extra effort to keep my idol time to a minimum and unlike the other medicines I&#039;ve tried, I don&#039;t feel like I need a higher dose every 3 months."
"My 7 year old son has severe ADHD, ODD, and anxiety. We started him on Vyvanse 20mg, Depakote twice a day, and Kapvay .1 in the evening last week. We were worried because he talked SO much like he was on speed, and ran around the house looking for paper, books, pens to write with and never sat still but he was very pleasant when we started the Vyvanse. However, he was Always saying I&#039;m sorry for blurting, please, and thank you which was unheard of before starting the Vyvanse.  We were noticing around 4:00 the Vyvanse wearing off and the aggression and whining came back with a vengeance! We added another .1 mg Kapvay after school with his Depakote and the result was AMAZING. He is pleasant ALL day long."
"I love this medicine. I do not sweat anymore. I don&#039;t have the armpit stains. I can wear whatever I want without worrying about sweating. If you have excessive sweating you should try this product."
"This med did nothing for the pain. I have a pinch nerve in my neck  Give me the impression that I don&#039;t have muscle spasms. Used an anti inflammatory which did the trick."
"vomitting and stomamps Cramps 
going to Toilet  every 5 to 10 minute  

"
"i dont know what i would do without this medication. it has made my pain so much more bearable, i still get flares from time to time but on a daily basis my life is so much better than when this first started."
"3 days of using Azor and had swelling of my lower lip.  I was taken off Lisinopril for the same reason."
"I have taken Adipex since February 2009.  I am a 41 year old, 5&#039;6&quot; female.  When I started taking Adipex, I weighed 187 pounds.  By August, I weighed 150 pounds, which was my initial goal.  I now weigh 143 pounds!  Most of my clothes are now sizes 6 &amp; 8.  I feel great.  Adipex has changed my life.  It was super simple to do."
"Fantastic for my migraines."
"The product sample worked great. However, when I went to fill my prescription, even WITH insurance, the cost was $100 per bottle. You should be ASHAMED!!"
"I have severe IBS and am frequently suffering from either constipation or diarrhea. The pain from either one (but especially the diarrhea) is excruciating at times and can be debilitating. After a hospitalization for dehydration due to the diarrhea and for pain management, my PCP prescribed a regular dose 1x a day as well as a sublingual PRN dose. The PRN in particular has been an absolute miracle drug. It does cause some drowsiness, but it is worth it to me to get so much pain relief so quickly. I usually feel better within just a couple of minutes of taking it. No other medication has ever helped me so much or so quickly."
"I recently started taking birth control for my PMDD and this is my second pack (Gianvi with my 1st, Loryna for the 2nd).  I&#039;m also diagnosed with GAD (Generalized Anxiety Disorder) with Panic Disorder and depressive symptoms. When I was taking Gianvi, I had no anxiety, mood swings, a short period that lasted 4 days (it used to be 7-9), and my relationship around people, especially my boyfriend, is stable. 

It&#039;s only been my third week of using Loryna, and my anxiety and depression is back, I break out easily, I&#039;ve been feeling this terrible ache in my lower abdomen, and I&#039;ve been constantly arguing with my boyfriend. I&#039;m definitely calling my doctor to change prescriptions!!!"
"I was on Zelnorm for less than a year and it was the best year I had. I had energy, was losing weight, went to the bathroom on a regular basis. Please bring it back."
"I take Seroquel for schizo-affective disorder.  I also take Prolixin in addition to that and an anti-depressant.  I have had schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder for about 4 years now.  The reason I name both schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder is because I go in and out of delusions that seem very real, but I have discerned to just brush most of them off as normal things I interpret as conspiracies or straight out someone wishing me to be dead.  It can be fairly scary but it has made me much stronger and now I still constantly get the voices but no longer do I go months, day after day, of thinking someone out there has it in for me or other delusions.  Seroquel, in my opinion has made me much less paranoid."
"This is the best birth control. I got off my period before I got the Nexplanon since then small spotting. Every now and then I was diagnosed with endometriosis. I haven&#039;t had any cramps. With the Depo shot I had a period for 2 months, gained 40 pounds. Horrible I know. But I have actually lost weight, no cramps, no heavy flow. I&#039;m so happy with this choice this is the best thing I have done!"
"This medicine works fast and hard for anxiety. It will stop anxiety dead in it&#039;s tracks. I highly recommend Lyrica for anxiety. The only side effect has been some sleepiness, but I&#039;ll take it considering the anxiety relief being provided by Lyrica."
"UPDATE: I wrote on here March 7,2017 complaining of bleeding since January, it is now April 26,2017 and I&#039;m STILL bleeding. Almost 5 months!!! I only had one shot and I&#039;m bleeding for this long... Anyone who has experienced this, how long did it take for the bleeding to stop? Did you period go back to normal?"
"This was the generic brand my original bc was changed to. The 1st month or so I didn&#039;t notice any changes but recently, about 3 months in I&#039;ve been getting headaches, horrible nausea and stomach cramps &amp; my period has gone back to being longer than shorter like it was on the first pill. I&#039;ve never been one to feel unmotivated, lethargic, depressed, or anxious, but as of recently I&#039;ve been experiencing all those things which is no doubt making stress induced nausea worse and have just generally felt bad. I went to my doctor and had multiple blood tests taken and some other tests but all came back with no abnormalities, leading me to realize it was change in birth control. Ups? Worked and no breast tenderness. But thats it."
"Pros: Have NOT gotten pregnant; clear skin; easy to take.
Cons: ALWAYS tired; decreased sex drive; EXTREMELY moody; period last 10 days."
"I&#039;ll have to say it worked cuz it did , my partner and I had intercourse but the condom broke , I pulled out anyway to be sure , thats how I knew it broke , we went 45 mins later to get plan B , and she had light spotting 2 days later , then nothing and about 2 weeks later her period came before the expected date with all the cramps and stuff"
"I have been on nexplanon for about 5 months now and I like it as far a proctection from getting pregnant but not as far as the hormone changes. I get very bad mood swings, I also get depressed sometimes. The worst part is I get very bad acne i have never had this issue and now one side of my face looks very ugly!!!!!! They may want to chnge the hormone effects with this considering acne problems. It has also started acne on my back as well!!! My boyfriend hates it! and so do I"
"I have taken two doses and it didn&#039;t work at all. Was it placebo? I have no idea. What happened was that I experienced strange psychotropic effects: lessened ability to judge distances, lessened ability to follow conversations, slower reading speed, headache, facial muscle spasm, clenching my jaw, and then a crying episode after 4-5 hours after the dose. At least I know it didn&#039;t cause my acne.

I am scared to try the higher dose after reading everyone&#039;s comments and the fact that my blood pressure runs low to begin with. And the fact that my stomach is prone to nausea."
"Bupropion has restored my very far-gone faith in the entire concept of medicine for depression. It&#039;s not an acutely noticeable effect, I am not jumping for joy or smiling like an idiot but I am not depressed anymore. I still have kind of a sad life thanks to my mental health problems but I no longer feel like I need to kill myself in the near future, I don&#039;t cry, and my anxiety has become less severe.

Prior to bupropion I had been on a ridiculously long list of other antidepressant medication (Including but not limited to: Fluoxetine, Citalopram, Venalfaxine, Mirtazapine) and benzodiazapines for anxiety (like, 4 different ones). These did NOTHING. But bupropion did, it&#039;s kind of amazing. I recommend it highly."
"Horrible side effects. Was on for 1 month but was nauseated and vomited every day for that month. I give it a two only because it didn&#039;t make me suicidal, as some other Rx&#039;s have (cough-Cymbalta) 

Now on Viibryd and doing much better (and not vomiting!)  :)"
"This was my first colonoscopy prep. MoviPrep tastes like a salty, lemon flavored drink. I chilled mine beforehand and I think that made it go down easier. My doctor&#039;s orders were to follow a clear fluids diet in the morning and then start a liter of MoviPrep at 5pm and at 10pm. It started to work before I finished the last of the first one. After about an hour and a half on and off the pot, it all settled and I rested until the next dose at 10pm.  
I did some research and decided to follow a soft diet the day before I started MoviPrep, so maybe that helped the whole process. It really wasn&#039;t that bad."
"I started taking this last year to help with my periods. I was having severe cramps and long, heavy periods. After the first 2 months or so, my periods are lighter and shorter, and I rarely have cramps. My only complaint is when I haven&#039;t eaten recently and then take the pill I usually end up barfing in the middle of the night. Other than that, I really like this pill."
"Pleasantly surprised to find that there are an awful lot of drama queens/kings and cry babies on here. The stuff really does not taste all that bad. Started by holding my nose only to end up casually sipping it. Only thing I will say is that you will do yourself a favor to camp out in the bathroom and make yourself as comfortable as possible. Bring laptop, books, Ipad, phone. Your going to be in there for a while. Also a small heater and jacket for when you get some chills. Stay in there for as long as your still going, otherwise I can see how people would have accidents. Good luck!!"
"I&#039;m 13 and I take it for regulating my periods and making my cramps easier to handle. I&#039;ve been taking it for 2 months and it made my acne better, I&#039;m not so moody and my periods are normal for once! The only thing is I&#039;m hungry more often, no weight gain though. I love Apri!"
"This prescription had the opposite effect. It did not help me sleep at all, but made me want to climb the walls. Wasted $44. After insurance payment"
"While being care giver for my dying husband I rarely remembered to take BP meds.  One day I felt terrible and checked my BP.  It was 120/111.  Trip to doc.  Put on increasing doses of Carvedilol, up to 25mg twice a day with zero results.  Lowest BP 147/89 usually 190/86.  Do not feel this is working and have asked doctor to try something else.  Problem is systolic is  much higher but diastolic is not.  Doctor says my heart is good and lungs clear despite having the flu.  I am 82 years old.  Had a stress test two years ago, which was perfect.   I am hoping she may add something to bring down the systolic.  I have had few side effects"
"I was diagnosed with rrms in May this year. Tecfidera was the first medication I have tried. I felt good for about three days in the first week on the 120mg dose, apart from some flushing and burning skin.  I haven&#039;t felt that clear headed for such a long time. Then, two weeks into the full dose I developed such severe cramping in my stomach with vomiting and diarrhea that I was too scared to take another dose. I will try something else instead. I really really want to have clear thoughts and energy!"
"I was asked by Dr to try Mirena as the pill was causing a skin condition of my vulva to get worse.  I didn&#039;t want to as the progesterone only pill when nursing made me gain weight. But she suggested 3 months so I agreed to prevent my PCOS.  It hurt A LOT!! I cramped really bad for an hour and bled for a day or two. I then had 2 periods per month.  Yes, they were lighter and no pain (it helps with pain my Dr said.)  I also had dizzines. I felt like I could faint often! I also was very forgetful. I forgot my son&#039;s ortho appt 2xs and never had in 3 years!!! I hardly ever have acne and did all the time. I have been off a month and that quit, normal period. I lost hair but have lots. It did not hurt coming out my only good comment. Ha"
"I decided to have Mirena after being on the pill for so long. The insertion was painful but barable. My doctor said because I have had no kids my cervix has never been diallated so it could be painful. She made sure I took ibprophine before the appointment. I&#039;m prone to migraines around my menstral cycle and I noticed they were gone. A def plus for me! But a major down fall was major hair loss and major acne on face, chest, and back. I have scars everywhere. I&#039;m a hairdresser and spent a ton of money on acne and hair stuff, nothing worked. I never had any other problems or had any other symptoms. I would still have it in if it wasn&#039;t for the hair loss and acne in my mid 30s. Everyone is different and has their own experiences."
"I have been on 50mg of Topirimate for just over a month now and have had no weight loss. I am very disappointed. I suddenly gained 12 kilos last year due to medication and now weigh 55kg which is heavy for me. I want to lose 7kg to get back to my normal weight. I don&#039;t know whether to up my dose? Everyone seems to lose weight instantly?"
"I use this for frequent urination/interstitial cy. I have been on it for three weeks, and it works great.  I am a little tired from it...but it is no big deal."
"Thanks to all for sharing experiences. 20days back I was diagnosed with kidney stone. This will be my second case in the last 3 years. Initially they opted for an ultrasound to check the size, but couldn&#039;t find it. A CT scan last week revealed a &quot;5mm nonobstructing caculus&quot; in the right ureter. The pain wasn&#039;t much but seeing blood a few days later while under medication got me worried. I have been given Tamasulosin 0.4mg today. Will start taking it by night, as the doc said it may cause a slight drop in blood pressure so make sure you&#039;re in a controlled and safe place. Hope it the stone pops out early. I&#039;m not a fan of drugs of any sorts.
Male, 28.."
"I have used NuvaRing for about 3 years.  I LOVE the convenience and the fact that it&#039;s a low-dose hormonal contraceptive.  I haven&#039;t experienced weight gain, mood fluctuations, or spotting while on it.  However, I&#039;ve noticed that my sex drive has diminished greatly over the past year or so.  I&#039;ve had recurrent bacterial vaginosis, which is caused by a change in the balance of the vaginal flora. I&#039;ve noticed an increase in acne along my jawline around my withdrawal week, and I have a predictable headache during that week as well.  Despite the fact that I&#039;ll really miss the convenience of the NuvaRing, I&#039;ve decided to talk to my gynecologist about trying another contraceptive."
"Severe withdraw pain for fire burns victim over 65 percent 3rd degree burns.R resulting in increase blood pressure and after several hours patient was able to sit up but not without extreme burning feeling as though the fire had just taken place."
"I was suffering from depression and anxiety for as long as I could remember, but never sought treatment. My family has always been against relying on any sort of psychiatric drugs and believe in willpower as a medicine. Eventually, my condition got so bad, that I knew I had to do something about it. Zoloft saved my life! I feel like myself again and my rationality and naturally positive outlook have returned to me. Plus I haven&#039;t gained a pound! The only really negative side effect is reduced sex drive. This can also be due to hormonal birth control. I have also had very vivid dreams since going on Zoloft (50mg). That, I&#039;m not complaining about. Amazing medication!"
"I smoked for over 50 years.  Today is my 40th day without smoking.  I can breath better and generally feel better.  The nausea got to me, so the Doctor said cut the pill in half and that worked.  I have no trouble sleeping, but have weird dreams. First, I think you really have to want to stop and get help.  Now I need to just keep going day by day."
"I have had the paragard for six years and I don&#039;t regret my decision for getting it inserted. I absolutely love it! No hormones..it hasn&#039;t caused me any side effects that I&#039;m aware of. It did kind of hurt when it was inserted, and I cramped the day of. I spotted for about two -three days but after that I was fine. I took birth control pills for years and after having the paraguard for six years I will never go back to the pills.  I have normal menstrual cycle..it isn&#039;t too heavy..and I don&#039;t cramp every month; however some months I do. Unfortunately I have heard of women getting pregnant while on the paragard but not everything is 100%. Most of the time..the paragard does prevent pregnancy and I would definitely recommend!"
"After 15 years of cholesterol issues and statin intolerence, I met a great cardiologist after my heart attack and now have 3 stints. She got the insurance to cover the Repatha. I had blood work after 12 weeks. My total cholesterol is cut in half. Triglycerides from 85 to 74, LDL 154 to 55, HDL from 42 to 46. I&#039;m on my 2nd quarter of shots so we&#039;ll see where it goes after another 12 weeks."
"I LOVE TENUATE. IT&#039;S A DREAM PILL. Nothing else worked, but this is amazing. I feel SO much better than I have before, and I&#039;ve been on it for 3 weeks now, and have lost 13 pounds. You just don&#039;t think about food as much, and it&#039;s amazing how quickly you get full. I can&#039;t believe it took me this long to find it."
"Yes this is a great form of torture: After 3 weeks of failed attempts to get an answer, tried waterboarding, electrocution, the works, I used this and got the confession I needed."
"Although this medicine does work as described its response time to panic outbreak is not fast. It takes about 45 minutes for the feeling of dread or mania to subside. To go further the feeling is still there but it blocks the mind from reacting irrationally to the racing thoughts. I gave this medicine an 8 not a 10 because of the reaction time. So far all medications in this class have made me tired. I like this one because I have had no side effects or cross interactions with other medications."
"Love Qysmia, I started this Jan.15 today is Feb 10 I&#039;ve lost 24 pounds. The only side affect I have is dry mouth. I absolutely have NO appetite. I have to force myself to eat.  Love this pill."
"Im on year 12! Large weight gain. Horrid bone pain...especially bottom long bones in legs and right arm.  Neuropathy.  Weak hands as far as gripping.  Getting up and moving after sitting awhile is not fun.  Headaches. Walk the floors at night, because being up ON  my legs, makes the pain a little better.  I was stage 3c, ER+, scared too death to come off it.  I&#039;m 45 and want to stick around, but wish I didn&#039;t feel so crappy."
"Just wanted to share my experience on this drug. Within weeks, my skin went from what I would describe as &quot;nasty as hell&quot; to &quot;clear, with some residual redness&quot;. For my skin, it worked wonderfully.
HOWEVER. I am one of the rare few who&#039;s depression/anxiety was made 100x worse. Also I gained a dissociative personality, which basically boils down to: I had panic attacks BAD. All of the time. I was also in a constant state of not knowing what was real or not. Moments of not knowing who I was, where I was, having to force myself to ground back into reality because I wasn&#039;t sure what was real or not. My doctor never asked if I had mental health problems, and I am now on anti-psychotics."
"So I baught this last week read the reviews and till today am barley trying it.. 
I feel like it itches a little and stuff but its not bad..  I don&#039;t mind it plus I was expecting a lot worse with all these reviews but its not bad a little burning but hey read the box people ! Those are the side effects it means it&#039;s working .. This is my first YI and was embarrassed to go to the doctor so baught this.. Pretty satisfied"
"I started with my Saxenda 0.6 injection for the first two (2) weeks and had no side affects at all. Prior to deciding to taking Saxenda, I had did quite amount of research to find out about Physicians in the St, Louis area. the success and side effects. The blogs all talked about the nausea and constipation that was horrible. This was a big delay for me making a decision to try the drug. My obesity is a health factor and can potentially become life  threatening so I weighed the pros and cons and decided that i would try anyway to see if I could weather the side affects. After the first two (2) weeks of injections and NO SIDE AFFECTS, I return to the doctor for a follow-up appointment to find that I had lost 14.5 pounds.  Try it for yourself"
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for a month now and have no complaints really. It&#039;s been great for regulating my periods and providing protection from pregnancy. My period was normal, and I haven&#039;t experienced any major weight gain (gained a 1lb or 2) or loss. My breasts are tender sometimes, and I&#039;ve experienced some  swelling. But I&#039;m not complaining about the free breast job. The only thing that has been a bit annoying is that my sex drive has increased, and my libido was high enough to start with. Other than that, it&#039;s a great contraceptive that I plan on taking it for a while."
"The blue one prescribed to me was 3mg. Swallow as soon as it hits tongue or the taste will haunt you several hours. This pill shuts me down fast and only one was needed but it made my shoulder and elbow joints ache the next day."
"I&#039;m 26 and from Scotland and I was addicted to heroin. Luckily at the age of 17 I was told about Subutex by my councillor. I had been on a methadone prescription but was left without a chemist. So this left me back on heroin. I never liked methadone as it gave me a similar feeling of heroin the drowsiness, brain fog, bad memory, no appetite. My councilor put me on Subutex I was so gratefull she was so lovely about my situation not having a chemist she met me every day to give it at my home. Not sure if she was meant to do that but she showed belief in me. I started of at 16mg and I instantly stopped using. I&#039;ve been clean for 9 years now. I receive 2mg suboxone &amp; 4x 0.4mg Subutex daily. I hope to tapper off completely."
"I have irregular periods due to the endometriosis. I can bleed for weeks and heavy. My doctor gave me the prescription for medroxyprogesterone a long time ago and it was like a miracle for me. By the third day out of the ten that I had to take it for my long awaited bleeding stopped. I have never encountered any side effects from the medication at all and I have had to take it on many occasions. I am very grateful for the manufacturer of this medicine. I don&#039;t know where I would be without it today. So thank you so much."
"First tried Champix about a year ago, pretty weird and vivid dreams for a couple of nights but after that all OK. Tend to take second tablet at lunch or early afternoon to lessen any impact on insomnia. Only stopped initially for a few days but cut down to only 4 or 5. I had smoked around 20 a day for 38 years after starting when 12 years old. I kept taking Champix for the next year paying full price as figured the cut down was worth it even though still smoking - the Champix did not seem to affect me or my desire around those 4 or 5 (but if I had more I felt pretty crook). Finally stopped 18 days ago  and pretty confident that is it. i am back on the second lot of PBS subsidised scripts with about 4 months to go and will see them through."
"Honestly so happy that I was prescribe this!!! Never ever had problems with my skin and then recently I was diagnosed with &#039;mild acne&#039; and given this .. Absolutely over the moon with how much its cleared up my face and I had results within the first night of using it! Skin is dry in the morning but overall  would definitely recommend this product!!"
"Have had Implanon for 4 months now after ditching the Depo shot. (Made me gain 30lbs in one month. Not joking and I&#039;m a skinny person and made no health changes) So far have lost 10 of those pounds on Implanon. Have not had a period or spotting.
THE PROCEDURE: was easy. The Lidocane stings like burning nettles, the rest was easy. Only had a tiny bruise and a tiny scar from the needle (which looks like a mole honestly). 
Side Effects: Only one I&#039;ve had is achy breasts. Like you don&#039;t even want people near them in case they bump into them. All my friends on Implanon have experienced the same thing. 
I LOVE Implanon. Won&#039;t change birth control ever again!"
"I started Adipex-p on May 10 weighing 292 pounds. It&#039;s now May 19 and so far I&#039;ve lost 9 pounds! I definitely feel like I have more energy and I have more of an endurance when doing cardio. It seems like I&#039;ll drop a couple of pounds and then stay level for a couple of days and drop again. So far my only side effect is dry mouth so I&#039;m thirsty all the time. Can&#039;t wait to see what the rest of the month brings! 

5&#039;6&quot; 
5/9/17 292
5/19/17 283"
"I had open rhinoplasty 4 weeks ago for a broken nose, 2 weeks after the surgery I developed a sinus infection, my doctor called in levoflaxon 500 mg 1 a day for 10 days. After taking them for 6 days my infection was gone but day 7 when I woke up I could hardly move the pain in my knees and hips was unbearable I hurt so bad, I took day 8 pill before I realized that it was the levoflaxon causing it, the doctor nor pharmacist told me about the side effects except it could cause insomnia and loss of appetite. I threw out the remaining 2 pills, it has been 3 days since I took them and the pain is better but my tendons are very stiff in my legs above my knees I am calling my doctor in the morning. This drug needs to be off the market!"
"This drug might as well be full-blown chemotherapy.  My best friend started taking this and the chronic fatigue and overall depression that he is now battling has kept him from participating in his nightly role as a special forces operative. Otezla has caused him to miss multiple engagements over the past week and I see no signs of this changing.  If this continues, the drug trade in Bolivia will continue to skyrocket, and the flame of democracy will move even closer to being snuffed out. This is how the terrorists win. Thanks Big Pharm."
"Been on Yasmin for 5 years. Always had brain fog. Gained 50lbs. Lost hair. Stressed. Appetite went way up. Recently decided to go off the pill. After period I instantly felt better. Sex drive is coming back. Just feel good. Hope it keeps up but I&#039;m not going back."
"Ineffective. Shouldn&#039;t have been prescribed as I am bi polar, diabetic and in dire need of anger management.  I wasn&#039;t 100% honest with the doctor. Therefore the drugs prescribed for me, erroneously,were my fault.  Thanks for understanding, &quot;my bad&quot;.  :(  :("
"I have been taking 14 units each morning for the past 3 weeks.  Week one not bad I think because of the transition from Lantus to Trebisa.  Week 2 started having highs in the morning with meals and then dropping low starting around 4pm.  Week three highs still in the morning and having to take triple Novolog (1 unit per 15 carbs) and then by 4 pm dropping to the 40&#039;s and 50&#039;s and having to drink up to 3 8oz glasses of OJ to level back out.  This week I am trying to split the dosage to 7 units in the morning and 7 at night.  That was a fail, I ran high all night.  With all these challenges Dr. switched me back to Lantus."
"I was skeptical at first but just after the first week I feel a huge difference. I have slight nausea, dry mouth and yawning but they are getting better. The world is a much better place now."
"Don&#039;t waste your money on this. All this product does is take away the pain. I got this as soon as i felt a cold sore coming and applied it religiously and it did nothing for me. On the 4th day of my outbreak someone told me to try &quot;New Skin&quot; its a type of liquid bandaid, got it at wallmart for 4$. Less than 12 hours after putting new skin on the outbreak has drastically gone down in size and the nasty scabs were gone. It just looked like a small burn."
"Long story short. I got it inserted march 2014. First yr went well besides anxiety, depression and mood swings. Right after the first year I started to get constant bv ( bacterial vaginosis). AFTER everything!!! And I couldn&#039;t figure it out. My face started to break out for MONTHS. I&#039;m not really prone to acne. Did some research and seen others going through the same thing.. finally gotten it taken out October 2014 and I am relieved!!! I haven&#039;t had any bv since and my acne is clearing! No more depression, anxiety I&#039;m back to normal! The good thing is it 100% protects you from pregnancy but I couldn&#039;t take the side effects. &amp; not to mention when I first started I was 110lbs I&#039;m now 129llb."
"I have been on this medicine for almost 2 months now. It has helped a little with anxiety but not as much as Clonazepam. I am now on 15mg of Saphris, 5mg in the morning and 10mg at night. It messes with my sleep, with agitation to the point where sometimes it hurts. It is also very expensive for someone without insurance of some kind. Also a trick I used for the horrible taste is Crystal Light powder by sprinkling it on my tongue when I take the medicine."
"I am twenty years old &amp; started Finasteride about 2 1/2 weeks ago. I went to my dermatologist because I have thinning along my hairline and my main goal is to prevent it from getting worse and potentially regrow some. I rated it a 5 as of now because it&#039;s still too early to tell if this medication is working. Take my rating as neutral. My main point for writing a review as of now is to note that I have no noticeable side effects. My sex drive is the same, I don&#039;t feel fatigued, and so on. I am also using Minoxidil foam 2x per day. I have been consistent with Minoxidil for about 10 days now. I will update again in a couple months!"
"If you want to bleed constantly, heavily, and unexpectedly, this is a great pill for you! You also get the bonus of horrible bloating, quick and noticeable weight gain ( I gained 15 pounds in 2 months, and I have an excellent diet). I can&#039;t have sex with my boyfriend because I am ALWAYS bleeding. So I feel low self esteem because I can&#039;t be intimate with the man I love, which makes me feel insanely sexually frustrated.
This is a horrible birth control option. I took it at exactly 12 noon every day and never missed. I had a total mental breakdown this morning because I realized I have been bleeding for about a month and a half and I am fatter than I have ever been in my life."
"Horrible!!! Omg i bled for the first 4months nonstop! My iron got so low i was put on iron tablets and had to change my diet! 
Ive put on almost 5kg since having it in for 7months even though i go to the gym up to 5 days a week and eat very very healthy.
Insertion was worse than childbirth and side effects like daily headaches and migraines, massive mood swings, feeling really angry and then sad."
"I have had nexplanon since 3/31/14 and it is a very effective birth control with little to many effects depending on the person. I have had some effects which are irregular menstrual cycles and weight gain which the doctor did say was very common. The first 3 months my period was 2 weeks long every month after that it went to 3 days a week for 2 more months. And from their I&#039;ve had light spotting a few days out of the month and now I have no period due to nexplanon. I have also gained 20lbs. Also nexplanon has cleared up all of my acne with in the first 6 months of having it. Keep in mind this birth control lasts three years and it all depends on the person and the effects that will occur. Despite the effects it is very effective and safe."
"I&#039;ve only been on Nexplanon for a couple of months. I switched over from the Depo shot, which made me gain excessive weight after having my son (whom I got pregnant with while on the pill). My reasons for switching were weight gain, mood swings, and loss of sex drive. Since I&#039;ve switched, I have 180&#039;d. I&#039;ve lost 3 pounds in only 3 weeks, and my other issues also seem to be resolved and I have had no issues with spotting thus far. I could not be happier with what I&#039;ve gotten, my one and only issue is that my arm seems to itch where it is. I can deal with that as long as I&#039;m not dieting and gaining anymore. I know that this form of birth control affects every individual differently, but I do want to say, it works great for me!"
"Thay gave me Remeron in the hospital. I took it for two and half years. It worked wonders for me I have no luck at all with SSRI&#039;S. My doctor told me usually people that have no luck with SSRI&#039;S usually have good luck with tetracyclic antidepressants. The only drawback is I gained 85 Lbs, which needless to say did not help my self image. I&#039;m considering Ludiomil (maprotiline)."
"Overall, the Bentyl works really good but at times, the spasms get to be to much that I take a prescription pain pill along with the Bentyl. Works great."
"It gave me cancer"
"This medicine is very effective, I use it regularly. I take two before bed with lots of water and usually wake up to a BM. Just make sure you don&#039;t leave the house. Last night I took two, and by 10am I still Hadn&#039;t had a BM, so just thought it had t worked. Got in the car with friends, started driving to the beach. Half hour in I got excruciating pains, doubled over in the car, nausea, no services so my friends had to pull over the car and watch me run to the side of the road, hoist up my dress, and make a huge mess at the side of the road. This happened four times on the journey before I was finally done. Never been so humiliated in all my life."
"I smoked for 35 years. Pack a day.  I never though I could quit. 

I joined a smoking cessation workshop run by a doctor and social work from the HMO I belong to. They offered an 8-week workshop and 6-month prescription of Zyban at 20% the over-the-counter cost for the drug.

The first week of taking Zyban was accompanied by some side effects which I hated. (waking up early, nervous). I spoke to the workshop leaders and said I felt like quitting the drug due to the side effects. They told me to &quot;hang on a few more days&quot; and the side effects would disappear.

They were 100% correct!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so happy!!!!!!!!   I took Zyban for 5 months and then weaned off of it. I never have the urge for cigarettes."
"I started taking Seasonale 3 months ago as my previous birth control medication was no longer effective. I take it to regulate my periods as they never regulated on their own. Everything was going well (no pain or abnormal bleeding) until this past week when I got my period while taking the week of inactive pills. I have recently suffered 48 hours of intense breast pain and swelling (way worse than &quot;tenderness&quot;) where the pain hits in waves and makes it nearly impossible to do anything. I am exhausted from being in this much pain. I have also experienced my left breast &quot;leaking&quot; for most of the day which is really uncomfortable.  My body now thinks it is pregnant which is something I should not have to deal with. Not taking this again."
"ultram is the only drug ive had that relieved my pain without side effects
i never require increase of dosage which suits me ...i dont want to be sleep
ly at work so its great for that too"
"I have been on Adipex for about 2 months. Started out at 262 pounds. At my 1 month check up I weighed 249 so I lost 13 pounds in the first month. It&#039;s a few days before my second check up and I weigh 239 pounds so I only lost 10 pounds this month. I feel stuck at my new weight.. So I need to change something about my exercise or my eating. I really feel like this medicine is great for anyone with a weight problem. Looking in the mirror I see a whole new person. I set my goal to high and I think that&#039;s what&#039;s causing me to feel like it isn&#039;t good enough. I had a friend who lost 80 pounds in 3 months on Adipex. So I guess it&#039;s about determination. So I&#039;m back to the gym. I want to get down to 150 pounds. Where I haven&#039;t been in 7 years!"
"I started this drug about 4 weeks ago. Since I started it I have been vomiting and having diarrhea constantly. I am also more agitated and annoyed than usual, and I have been manic several times (I&#039;m actually taking it for bipolar II, not MDD). It doesn&#039;t work as well as risperdal for controlling my mood and I can&#039;t keep anything down, but my psychiatrist thinks that&#039;s my birth control so I don&#039;t know that he&#039;ll be willing to switch me to another med. my mood swings have been a lot worse on this than on the risperdal which I wish I could have stayed on but it was messing with my prolactin levels. I almost killed myself 2 days ago and about 6 days ago I was extremely manic and spent $400 within a couple days. do not recommend for bp II."
"My mother was on this IV treatment for about 3yrs  when she was first diagnosed with Multiple Myeloma. The only side effect at the time was nausea. 3yrs later she is now experiencing Osteonecrosis of the jaw due to this treatment. I guess my view on it is the treatment is it helped at the time to prevent any more lesions but now the bone in her jaw is dying and causing lots of pain. She just had surgery on her jaw to remove the dead bone and hopefully heal."
"I went to the ER on day two of shortness of breath, chest pains, fever, coughing, aches and pain all over my body. I was prescribed Tamiflu. I went home took it around 7 my fever dropped down from 100.7 to 98.6 in an hour. I had no more chills and was able to turn my heater off and felt a lot better. I did get very dizzy and felt light headed, but over all I do feel a lot better only after 1 pill!"
"I&#039;m 53 years old and in good health but was finding that my erections were unreliable and would often be lost during foreplay before penetration. After three failures in a row I decided I had to do something. I take half of a 20mg Cialis and am ready to go in about 30 minutes. The erections are rock hard and I now have my confidence back knowing that they will not let me down. The pill is effective for about 2 days and I wake up with an erection next morning just like when I was in my 20&#039;s. I&#039;ve been taking these for 9 months now with no side effects. Amazingly good medication. I wish I had got these years ago. They are expensive but by using half a pill which lasts all weekend it is well worth the cost."
"Efudex works great to eliminate actinic keratosis. I have used it before and unfortunately am using it again. It becomes VERY unsightly.. blotchy, swollen, very painful, etc, but it works."
"I have been dealing with general and situational anxiety disorder and panic attacks on and off since college.  Tried Paxil and Prozac. Paxil made me gain 20 lbs. and Prozac increased my anxiety.  Lexapro works.

My advice: Try taking Lexapro for at least one week. The first week you will feel tired, dizzy, and mildly nauseated. Those effects disappear very quickly.  Do start at 5mg and slowly increase to 10 or 20mg. Ask you doctor to supplement with Buspar XL which counteracts most Lexapro side effects and further helps control anxiety and panic attacks. I don&#039;t recommend using Lexapro without Buspar.  Anxiety/Panic will gradually disappear over two to four weeks.  Use Ativan or other Benzodiazapines sparingly until Lexapro is working."
"Let me start off by saying that I have a high pain tolerance. I have fractured bones, went through surgeries with out pain medicine (because I am allergic) and I have been in a car accident and nothing compares to the pain I had when I got my Skyla inserted. Before insertion I took a muscle relaxer and I wasn&rsquo;t prescribed any numbing cream or cervics softener medication. I was on my period when she started and it felt like someone was stabbing me with a knife. After my mom was driving me home and I was hurting so much that I threw up and I remember telling my mom I rather be shot in the head than go through this ever again. The pain lasted about an hour but after that hour the pain magically disappeared and I haven&rsquo;t had a problem since."
"I&#039;m a 60 year-old male and active tennis player that is almost bone-on-bone in both knees. My orthopedist has recommended replacements. I opted to try Euflexxa. I had both knees injected in April of 2013 and again 7 months later. Both procedures have given me amazing relief. My doc lowered my expectations on the first round, so I didn&#039;t have high hopes. I was more that pleasantly surprised! Without these shots, I would be facing immediate surgery. I endorse Euflexxa highly. I did learn a trick: Ice your knee(s) 30 minutes BEFORE the injection! I had close to zero injection pain as a result. Also, ice afterwards to reduce inflammation. Good luck all..."
"I have a severe case of tennis elbow, so I tried acetaminophen, naprosyn, ibuprofen and none of them provided any relief.  Then my orthopedist prescribed Mobic....it&#039;s done wonders!!  I&#039;m 42 years old, 5&#039;7&quot;, and 180 pounds, and he prescribed 7.5mg.  The pain is almost entirely gone after only three days of taking the drug.  Taking Mobic has allowed me to sleep at night!"
"Interesting reading about the flu like symptoms after coming back from our holiday with a UTI. I started the pills on Monday and that night I had all the flu symptoms and it was horrible but never thought it was the antibiotics so thank you. I&#039;m covered in a rash which isn&#039;t itchy thank goodness but wow it&#039;s everywhere. Only 5 days worth but it&#039;s working. Thanks for sharing."
"Used Nuva for two years from 18yrs old to 20 and it was a dream come true, only positive side effects if any, easy periods, and no pregnancies. 
HOWEVER - after the 2.5 year mark I started having pain &amp; sensitivity in my left leg only, bleeding/sensitive gums, and worst of all chronic yeast infections. 
It all started happening out of nowhere so I went a while not thinking it could be Nuva. After many trials I took the thing out and now my gums, legs, and vagina are back in working condition.

I think NR has long term effects that aren&#039;t recognized yet. I had a great time with it for 2 years and suggested it to all my friends, but it really turned on me down the line.
 Luckily, you can just take the thing out and the hormones leave with it!"
"Took drug for post concussion syndrome migraines. Did NOT work. Also had constipation and dry mouth, it elongated my periods from 6 days to 9.5 days, and at 20mgs, this drug immediately gave me a strong, persistent neck spasm that has not gone away months after withdrawal. This drug CAN INDUCE DYSTONIA and torticollis and I believe if I were on it longer, I might have developed those conditions. I think that people who already experience fasciculations or muscle spasms are more at risk of developing these conditions because the drug made my muscles twitch a LOT. I was on 10 mg for 5 days, than on the 6th day I took 20mgs, and that&#039;s when the spasms began. I was on the drug for maybe 6 weeks."
"I&#039;ve used Ortho for 17yrs off &amp; on. I have PCOs, PMDD &amp; painful uterine fibroids. This is the only pill that stops the most heaviest of bleeding within 24-32hr for me! Stops the horrid pain of my fibroids &amp; cysts. I&#039;ve never gained weight from it, it&#039;s always cleared up my skin &amp; periods are 60% less painful &amp; the flow is low &amp; short lived! This one has always been perfect for me."
"I just had an tooth extraction #13, was prescribed Tylenol 3 and it barely worked. I&#039;ve taken two within 6 hrs and nothing has happened. Instead I feel more pain and it&#039;s causing me a severe headache. Will go back to my oral surgeon to see if I can get something stronger. What a waste!!!"
"I posted when I first got skyla (almost 6 months ago April 27,2017) and wanted to share my experience. I spotted for a little over 3 months which wasn&#039;t fun since it was summer. Usually wore just a panty liner. My periods definitely are a lot longer close to 10-11 days but lighter than they used to be. My bf can feel the strings in certain positions but says it just feels like scratching. (He can suck it up since I&#039;m the one who has it inside them). Other than that I&#039;ve had a positive experience. I&#039;ve been on the pill twice and gained significant weight both times. Haven&#039;t gained weight or had acne appear since getting skyla."
"I have been on Yasmin since I was 15.  My periods used to last 9-11 days, were heavy, and very painful.  I can remember my mom keeping me out of school due to this.  Not only was my cycle completely crazy, I had acne on my shoulders, upper back, and upper arms.  Being in high school, something like this can be traumatizing.  Anyway after almost 6 years, I have been acne free (maybe the occasional bump or 2) and 4-5 day easy periods!  I did gain weight...but who knows if it was because of the birth control...like the lady said before she gained in all the &quot;right&quot; places so I can&#039;t complain about that one.  I went up a whole up size! I plan on taking this until I decide to make a little one (another 4 years hopefully)."
"Extremely effective for dry countinuous cough."
"This is the best birth control, I never even notice it. It last for 3 years. And this is my second round, the removal and insertion was painless and simple."
"Hi I recently married my girlfriend after my wife of 39 years passed away I was able to have sex but my erections were not very good .my doctor gave me a 3 pill sample.it works very good for me"
"I know products work differently for different people but sweating profusely was ruining my life. My self confidence was lower than low and I wore black constantly  because within half an hour I would have massive wet stains. I never thought it would even be any different. A friend recommended Drysol and honestly after 1 use- I was cured!! Seriously- I used it only once (at a music festival at that!) and since then I DO NOT sweat from the pits anymore! (Very little anyway) it changed my life (sounds dramatic but true!) I would recommend this product over and over again. If you have a sweating problem- please try it!!"
"Im 17 and I started Yasmin 4 months ago as I broke out in acne and I also had PCOS. This is not good when you do modelling, I was devastated. The doctor also started me on antibiotics to give the pill a chance to kick in. I have mood swings but I think that&#039;s pretty normal for a teenager, haven&#039;t really changed in my weight, but the great thing is my acne has cleared up, I can go without makeup now. I still get pimple breakouts every now and then but that&#039;s also a normal teenage thing. The doctor wants to change me to a milder pill soon, but if I break out again I will be asking to go back on Yasmin&gt;"
"My 7 year old son started Vyvanse about 3 weeks ago.  The first day he took a 30 mg dose which made him like a zombie all day and absolutely manic all night.  He literally stayed up all night and ran up and down the hall and talked incessantly.

At the end of my rope at 7 am I paged his doctor.  We lowered the dose to 15 mg.

He seemed initially to do better on the 15mg and was doing well in school.  He became more aggressive and started having OCD behaviors of constantly washing his hands (I counted 30 times in an hour) and crying and staying up all night.  Last night he stayed up until 4:30 am and I was at my wits end.

So today his doctor is switching him to another medication but we may try it in a combination."
"I started phentermine on 10/28 at 318 lbs. I was miserably depressed and my weight had spiraled out of control after getting married and having a baby. I had tried to lose and I found it nearly impossible. With phentermine, I have energy and my appetite is very controlled. I limit my carb intake and eat 1400 calories per day.  I work out 3-5 times per week and my endurance has greatly improved and there is a huge difference in the way I feel. I have lost 33 lbs in 7 weeks.  I expect to lose 10 lbs per month and I am very satisfied with that.  No side effects to speak of.  I am very happy my doctor prescribed this for me!"
"I began a 6 month course of lupron with add back therapy in January 2015. I was terrified from everything I&#039;ve read online. I had none of the horrible side effects, some hot Vosges here and there, but nothing unmanageable. I am a 41 year old female with endometriosis. I was pain free for the entire six months and felt good. Everyone is different, but with so many negative comments about thus therapy flooding the Internet, I thought it might be helpful to add my 2 cents."
"I love Avelox.  Every winter, I am sick for months.  I spend thousands of dollars on doctor visits, blood tests, chest x-rays. We go through rounds and rounds of antibiotics.  I used to have great success with Augmentin, but it doesn&#039;t work anymore.  Levaquin did the job one year, but hasn&#039;t been effective since.

Last year, I combed the internet and found people like me that had success with Avelox.  After one dose, I was feeling better (after being sick for 3 months).  It completely knocked out the infection and I was back on my feet the very next day.  I&#039;ve been sick for 3 weeks and took my first dose of Avelox yesterday.  I am already feeling better.  I am so thankful for this medication."
"My doctor switched me from Lipitor to Crestor because I was getting incredible leg pain and joint swelling.  The Crestor has performed equally as well without any of the uncomfortable side effects."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for a little over 3 weeks now and it&#039;s absolutely terrible. Let me start off by saying I take it at the exact same time every single day and have never missed a pill so I am using it correctly. The second week in I began bleeding and have been for over 10 days now. Not just a little spotting but full out blood almost like a period And with cramps! My boyfriend noticed I&#039;m moodier. I&#039;m so emotional I can cry at any second over the smallest things and I get headaches all the time. The first week I took the pill I had no appetite and was sweating and hot every second. I know you are supposed to wait 3 months to let your body adjust to the birth control but it is not worth bleeding for over a week and the mood swings."
"I was very young and I would get a feeling of not being able to breathe so I would lay down breathe slowly and that was not helping me anymore so I was put on Xanax I didn&#039;t even have to take all that was perscribed that is how well it helped"
"1st time caller here. The taste was not what I expected. Everyone I talked to told me that  its gonna taste horrible. With much anticipation and hesitation, I took the drink around 6pm, and to my surprise, it wasn&#039;t half bad. I could even see mixing it with some rum and it might make quite the drink. I didn&#039;t do that, but it was just a thought. Anyways, it kicked in around  640 pm and its now 8PM and I&#039;m still on the pooper. I&#039;ve just been reading and surfing on the net and its now seeming to slow down...This stuff sure cleans you out. I didn&#039;t eat all day except for some water and chicken broth. Works good! Wish me luck tomorrow on my procedure. God bless you all!"
"I just started taking this.I have severe stress and anxiety. My son has disabilities, G-tube, needs a lot of help. I find I am just exhausted on a daily basis. I would literally rub my hands till they bled and crack open because I was so over stressed about my boy. He is so sweet I found my self crying over littlest thing that would go wrong at school or at the playground. Now I can go and enjoy myself without the worry 24/7. My hands are slowly getting better with help of UVB Light Therapy but the meds are a MUST. I used to love to knit But I had to stop because they were so painful! Now I can go for walks with out huffing and puffing.I hope with the help of my Doctor that I can find balance and peace without yelling at my boy or husband."
"This is my first ever birth control, when I first started I had lots of cramping but nothing I wasn&#039;t used to before taking it. So I took some advil and continued using this birth control. Periods are a lot lighter, first one was really heavy, but second one was light and lasted only a couple days. Haven&#039;t had any other negative symptoms that are over the top or causing me stress or pain, overall I think its great and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant yet."
"I have been on this pill for a few weeks, and it has caused me to cry constantly! I feel depressed ALL THE TIME, and I have no appetite. So, this pill isn&#039;t for me."
"I&#039;m 19 years old and suffered with depression since I was 11. Everyday was a constant heavy fog. Those who had/have depression will know what I mean. Finally, I saw a psychiatrist at my college, and she prescribed 300 MG of Wellbutrin. After around 8 weeks, I could honestly say that the depression was gone - that was a very good day.  

I have experienced no side effects except a slight appetite loss, but that hasn&#039;t interfered with my health.  

"
"I am not gonna say its bad about a hour after using it I did have a burning sensation and it did get to point where I sat in front of my fan with my legs spread open  which  did help. This morning I have burning no itching and no YI I couldn&#039;t be happier all I can say ladies is get through the pain if you want rid of you YI."
"I had a spinal fusion on July 2015 n have had extreme nerve issues since then n numbness on my left side.  I have been on everything woth no relief.  Tried Baclofen 10 ml 3x day. Had some pain relief 1st day..since then nothing but very sleepy.  Why would work on 1st day then nothing??"
"I am 28 year old male that did not like the lines on my forehead. A doctor recommended Botox Cosmetic. I am going on 3 months and can still visibly see the results."
"I work the night shift 8pm-8am, and would often literally stay awake for 2-3 days at a time. I had tried everything which either didnt get me to sleep at all, or would make me feel groggy and sluggish upon waking. My doctor reccomended I try Valium 10mg when i get home from work, and from day one I have been able to sleep 6-8 hours and wake up feeling refreshed, not groggy. I literally cried that first good sleep I got, after 6 months of severe insomnia, something finally worked!"
"This medicine is as effective as Provigil or Modafanil but side effect of loose stool and diarrhea is not tolerable but Medicare leaves me no other option.I do not understand because all 3 drugs priced similar amount.Running to washroom constantly is this drugs worst side effect.My bodies G.I. tract is still not adjusting at 3 weeks."
"Sadly, oral Zofran (or at least the generic of it) was not enough to combat my nausea while on GDP. However intravenous zofran along with hydration did help."
"Don&#039;t buy!!! Just don&#039;t buy!!!

I believed I have a yeast infection as I have some itchiness and some discharge (nothing crazy) so I purchased this product. I inserted this just as you are supposed to and within 10 mins my vagina was burning, at first I thought it would go away after awhile but it got WORSE! After 20 mins I went upstairs and got a wet towel and placed it on my vagina hoping it would work. 40 minutes later and I am now crying in extreme pain as if my vagina is on fire. Another 30 minutes goes by and I cannot stand the burning and itching anymore and drove to emergency. The doctor ended up giving me a steroid shot to help with the pain and some cream that ACTUALLY works. DO NOT USE !!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Diphenhydramine definitely calms down my muscles and helps with any antipsychotic induced akathesia at night. Great for sleep as well and helps me stay in bed in the mornings, but I&#039;m able to get up early if I need to."
"I have done this Efudex treatment three times over a 20 year time span. It is a hideous process but it beats the alternatives! KNIVES cutting you up in particular. I use and recommend AQUAPHOR instead of the expensive prescribed cortisone cream for a quicker more effective healing process. I think EFUDEX is Great!"
"This birth-control is the worst! If you were OK with having consistent bleeding for over a month, then this is for you. If not, try something else because this is not worth it. I am now on week eight and still bleeding/spotting. I wish I would&rsquo;ve read the reviews before starting this prescription. I hate it. If I could rate it a zero, I would."
"I had had yeast overgrowth for many years, brought about after using Nasalcort for a few years. I had a thick white/brown coating on my tongue that no scraping would help. I had vaginal yeast, itching and discharge. After only one bottle of 1 billion bacteria acidophilus, MY TONGUE IS PINK AGAIN! My vaginal itch is gone and the smelly discharge. No one is more surprised than me, I had previously taken Nystatin and Diflucan and they failed. I will keep taking it because I want to keep the yeast away, and it helps my digestion. I cannot say enough good things about this product. I look forward to taking it, it tastes great."
"I am on my 7th day at Pylera and so far everything is good. Yes I feel a little bit tired, had a few headaches especially in the midfrontal head and I had the metallic taste every morning; however, I&#039;ve been eating better. I had some diarrhea the first days and now my stools are better. It is annoying to take 12 pills at day and be on top of schedules. I also take probiotic yogurt even though my gastroenterologist did not told me about it. I hope this works. !!"
"By far the best birth control pill I&#039;ve taken.
Periods are super light and cramping is minimal to none. No weight gain or bloating.

Best part for me is my insurance covers it for free! This has never happened for me.

Biggest downsides I&#039;ve experienced are spotting if you are off by a few hours from your normal time and my mood swings are been considerable.  I&#039;ve found myself to be a little more irrational and emotional. I&#039;ve had a lot of stress, so I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s a direct effect of the pill, since no one else seems to be having mood swings."
"I got skyla on January 5, 2016 &amp; I was so happy I didn&#039;t have to worry about pregnancy again. The procedure only took my doctor a minute but the downfall is I&#039;ve been bleeding every since &amp; that sucks when you wanna have intercourse. But I recommend this birth control highly."
"I was taking Solodyn for about a week and a half. My acne was very moderate and it cleared up pretty quickly after taking Solodyn. But it caused a very severe yeast infection and caused me to have nose bleeds."
"Worked great at first.  Went to the doctor after a month and he checked my blood pressure,  which incidentally had always been good,  to find it sky high.   Immediately came off them and 10 days later, my blood pressure is still bad and I&#039;m terrified of potential illness due to that. Wish I&#039;d never taken it and hope to God that these side effects are not long lasting."
"Humira has been amazing in treating my severe Crohn&#039;s. I used to suffer almost every time I&#039;d eaten 7 days/week or unprovoked but now it&#039;s gone down to only once or twice. The only reason I&#039;d rate it 9 instead of ten is because the initial injection burns very badly (the medication, not the needle) and can interrupt my day for an hour or so. The pain is worth the long term result. I highly recommend going for it if the option has been made available to you. I have two family members who use it too, one for Crohn&#039;s and one for arthritis and it&#039;s given them great success as well :)"
"Bought this to relieve itching - and it actually created more itching. I don&#039;t get it."
"I have never been on any pill, my acne was getting really severe so my doctor suggested Tri-Cyclen Lo.  The first two months on Tri-Cyclen Lo made me get cystic breakouts and I was miserable.  I finally switched my birth control to Gianvi, this has been the best alternative to cleaning my skin.  I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects and my skin is finally clear! The only downside is the increase in appetite, I haven&#039;t gained any weight I live a healthy life style-eat clean and workout regularly.  But I&#039;m constantly hungry! Besides that my skin looks its best that it has in years! Now I only need to get rid of my blemishes.  I would highly recommend Gianvi, your period is light, you don&#039;t experience nausea or mood swings."
"I am 51 yrs old with advanced Osteoarthritis in both hips, and on the surgery wait list to have THR.  Naproxen is quite amazing for me at controlling OA pain.  So far I only take it when I have upcoming situations where I will need to walk alot.  For these situations I&#039;ll take Naproxen 1-2 days in advance, 2 x 500mg tablet daily.  It makes a huge difference.  If I didn&#039;t worry about stomach or intestine damage I would take it continually.  Other days, I try to get by with low doses of ibuprofen."
"I started taking Adderall XR 12 days ago and I love it. I immediately started focusing better. I now feel great when I wake up knowing that I will be able to get things done that have been put off for so long. My memory and self esteem have improved dramatically. Only side effects I am experiencing are dry mouth and mild headaches."
"I was given samples by my gynecologist to treat menstrual migraines. My gynecologist told me that my migraines are the worst she&#039;s ever seen. Treximet is the best migraine treatment I have ever taken. Within 20 minutes (and only one pill), my headache is completely gone and it will not reoccur. I can continue doing whatever I was doing before the migraine kicked in. The only reason I didn&#039;t assign it a 10 was because I tend to get excessively thirsty along with a dry mouth but nothing compared to those horrible migraines. Completely worth it."
"This is a great medicine. The first 2 days I felt ill on it nausea mainly and I find sleeping incredibly difficult but don&#039;t mind so much as I don&#039;t feel bad for it the next day. It&#039;s also making me dream a lot but overall I feel great and have much more of a will power to do everything. I started on 18mg and on Friday I go up to 36mg so see how they go."
"I just started taking this and it works. I have been taking hydrocodone with codeine 10mg for a few months and had horrible constipation. Miralax  and other products didn&#039;t work. Yes, with Movantik it can be uncomfortable... but I never had any of the other issues. I did get a little dizzy, but nothing serious that would send me to the ER."
"I have been on many different forms of birth control and this has been the best. I&#039;m 33 years of age and I&#039;ve been on this a little over a year. At first I had experienced a heavy period on and off the first year but starting January 2016 it became lighter and lighter to now I dont have one.  Ive taken the depo shot as well as other birth control pills and this tops them all. I have very bad acne but since on this birth control little to no breakouts at all.  I love it!!!!!!"
"I like zyrtec but I seem to have a strange metallic taste in my mouth. I can&#039;t find this listed as a side effect?"
"Just Switched from Synthroid.
I had been on Synthroid for about 9 years. No fillers.No Brain fog.So Far I feel really good. A lot more Expensive.
But I Don&#039;t Care.. A lot more Energy. Much better medicine.
Try it!"
"This medication has been very effective for me. No major side effects to mention. I think the only negative thing is that it&#039;s a larger pill."
"I was very scared to get this inserted but knew this was my only option because it had no hormones in it. My doctor was very patient and didn&#039;t rush anything, she got it in and I didn&#039;t feel any pain or discomfort during the process. After it was complete I did have some cramping in my abdomen and got the dizzy spells. Ibuprofen took care of the cramping and as for the dizzy spells, that lasted about 4-5 hours. The next day I has some mild cramping again but the ibuprofen took care of that again, and I didn&#039;t get dizzy. I am going on my 2nd week and the only thing that I have experienced is spotting and some gooey discharge every now and then (I don&#039;t know if this is normal, but I got to check into this). Other than this I am satisfied so far."
"After my second child I decided to use the Mirena. I have been using the Mirena since 2005! The insertion was not painful. A little cramping about a day after but that was it. I would occasionally get spotting a few weeks after insertion but nothing heavy. Haven&#039;t had a cycle in years. I had the Mirena replaced in 2010 with no problems. The Mirena is a great choice for birth control. "
"Absolutely brilliant.  I only asked the doctor for a break from heavy periods for my 2 week summer holiday.  She suggested that long term I should consider the Mirena.  It has changed my life.  I had it inserted in August and have had very light one day periods every month since.  No cramping or flooding, no headache beforehand and still regular.  I did notice swollen breasts for a few months but this has settled.  Am 39 now and wish I had found out about Mirena ages ago."
"I am soon to be 49 and I was feeling so bad, hotflashes, 30 pounds of weight gain in 2 yrs, insomnia, foggy brain and a very large appetite, to name a few right but saw a doctor (alternative) and he did blood work and found my testosterone was so low and my progestin. So I now take a small dose of testosterone cream and 200 mg of natural progestin and can I tell you I feel like I did in my 30&#039;s. Use progestin at night, testosterone in the morning. I have lost 12 pds in about 40 days and it continues to fall off. Sleeping like a baby, no hot flashes and I think more clearly and my memory is awesome too.  I do take a lot of supplements that work with the hormones. "
"It has literally made me who I am. If I didn&#039;t take it I wouldn&#039;t focus, I wouldn&#039;t pass school. It helps a lot."
"I&#039;ve been on 50mg twice a day for two weeks. Started on 50mg once a day. My seizures are only once a year, but my last one was so severe, my neurologist said it was time to treat. I also suffer from chronic migraines, so this medicine is serving a dual purpose for me. 

I was reluctant to start this medicine, as I&#039;ve read about all the terrible side effects. For ME, the side effects have been minimal. The biggest side effect I have experienced is fatigue, but it is nothing I can&#039;t manage. From time to time, I feel a pins and needles sensation in my feet/toes, but it&#039;s nothing more than annoying. Sometimes, I feel a little &quot;brain fog,&quot; but that seemed to diminish after the first two to three weeks."
"Takes care of my chronic knee pain. Due to cancer, I am not a candidate for a replacement at this time, though I am need of them. Tramadol keeps me from suffering. I usually take 2 daily, prescription is for 4 daily. I up it to three if I have a day where I am very active. Everything has side effects and I can live with Tramadol. I like that I can drive and go to work while taking it."
"Great. Changed my life for the better"
"The Seroquel makes me feel like I&#039;m dreaming. I kind of feel like I&#039;m losing my sense of reality. The dreams/nightmares I have seem lucid like I can&#039;t tell the difference between  what I dreamt and what really happened. It is just completely changing my personality. I don&#039;t feel like myself anymore."
"I was given 56 pills to take every 6 hours for 14 days (in addition to Clindamycin) for severe tonsillitis.  I&#039;m a third year medical student who will never take for granted prescribing this medicine again.  I&#039;m not sure if it works (this is day 3 and my tonsil is still huge, pus-filled, and incredibly painful) but I feel like I&#039;m experiencing every side effect except the diarrhea.  I&#039;m absolutely hating how I feel right now and just wanted to sound off - to try and release some of this frustration."
"I took this for undiagnosed non specific mixed connective tissue myalgia type issues and it made the roof of my mouth and teeth ache. I stopped and the ache went away. I restarted and the ache came back after a couple of days. Went like this back and forth and it was definitely the medicine. Also I started to feel worse while taking it. It could be that the weather is getting colder and that always makes me feel worse. but we decided I couldn&#039;t tolerate an increase in dosage which was what would have been next on the treatment plan so we moved on to something else. Still searching."
"I have used this pill for a short time. The doctor told me to take it at night, that was a bad move. I couldn&#039;t sleep at all then during the day I felt as if I was high. Didnt like the feeling. So my doctor switched me to Pristiq hopefully it will work for me."
"I was on Gianvi for about five years with minimal issues until I developed bilateral pulmonary embolisms (blood clots in my lungs).  The only thing that the doctors could find as to why I developed the blood clots was my birth control pill (Gianvi).  After doing some research after the fact, I discovered that the hormone used in Gianvi, drospirenone, makes you more likely to develop blood clots as compared to other birth control pills that do no have drospirenone.  I would have not taken this pill had I known that I had a higher chance of developing potentially deadly blood clots."
"Nothing noticed during loading, once I got to 150 mg I felt absolutely fantastic, I have tried many other medicines. This one seems to have the least side effects for me and makes me feel like a &quot;normal&quot; functioning human."
"I have pregnancies characterized by extremely severe hyperemesis gravidarum. I spend most of my pregnancy nil by mouth in the hospital and then get a picc line. They gave me Reglan and let me tell you. It made me severely depressed and suicidal. It did not touch my nvp either. The combination of a very adverse reaction to this medicine and malnutrition caused me to terminate my wanted and planned pregnancy. I have dealt with severe hg before and have a 2yo. I did not realize this medicine caused this until recently I was given it before a surgical procedure. It made me out of my mind! I felt like jumping out of my skin. I tried to rip out my IV and leave the hospital! They said it&#039;s a common reaction to reglan! Why wasn&#039;t I warned?!"
"After dealing with acne for my entire life I finally took my doctors advice and started Accutane. I was a little skeptical at first because of all the side effects but every other cream/oral medication had failed. The first month I didn&#039;t see much of a difference so then he upped my dosage from 20mg to 30mg. The second month I was completely clear and he put me on 40mg the third month my face was terrible it was like I wasn&#039;t even taking Accutane but that only lasted like 2 weeks and then I went up to 80mg a day and wow did it work. I am currently on month 7 and my face has never looked better. I don&#039;t have to wear any makeup before I go out and I feel 100% confident. The chapped lips are bad but I use Dr. Dans hydrocortisone chapstick."
"I have been on Sprintec for a month and a half so far.  Let me say that I have tried over 15 kinds of birth control in the last 10 years and usually have horrible side effects.  So far, I have had none from Sprintec.  In fact, even though I have severe endometriosis, I was put on Sprintec due to untreatable acne and oily skin which had developed only in the last year.  After being on Sprintec for 2 weeks only, my skin had cleared up.  I had been seeing 2 dermatologists for the last year who tried many different medications and nothing worked to clear up the acne!  Also, I had been a little depressed (also due to some hormone sensitivity) for the last couple of months and that has cleared up very quickly as well.  So far, so good!"
"I have been using Implanon since November of 2010. So I&#039;ve only had it for 5 months or so. At first, I LOVED it. Anyway, the past couple months I have been on edge and moody. It&#039;s ruining my relationship and social life. I try to keep cool, but anything can set me off. I&#039;ve become jealous in my relationship when I never would have been before. I am getting the implant removed."
"I started taking Zoloft about a month ago, in the first week i had some diarrhea and experienced some insomnia, but it soon disappeared. Within three weeks my depression and anxiety subsided. This medication changed my life."
"My 81 yr old father took 2 pills of Livalo. He stopped it because he was in pain right away. He still complains of pain and it has been at least a year since taking it. He is off all statins because he reacts to them. "
"I spent almost 2 years on alesse 28. My first couple months were okay. I experienced severe nausea and gained 10 pounds but lost them shortly after. I took Alesse routinely at 10 pm. My first month on it I woke up with sweats, seeing &quot;stars&quot; and started vomiting. I assumed it was a bug until it happened the following week again. My doctor told me to give it 3 months so I did. This continued about once every 1-2 months at the same time during the night. I began living with gravol in my back pocket until I had enough. I came off alesse and have not had any midnight &quot;episodes&quot; and feel so much better. It was effective in preventing pregnancy although I always use backup methods anyways. My periods were short and light &amp; minor cramps"
"I am a retired physician who during the course of his practice treated many patients with severe anorexia secondary to HIV/AIDS as well as near end stage malignancies. For many years I prescribed Periactin starting with the 2mgm dose 1/2 to one hour before meal time. Many patients reported a robust weight gain. The hypersomnolence (excessive sleepiness) disappeared after one to three months. The Periactin can be reduced to one 2mgm every third day and the weight usually is maintained at good if not optimal levels. "
"My husband has been now been taking Lisinopril right at 1 month, add a few days to that. The last week I noticed him complaining and dealing with some pretty rough heartburn, which just in the last 3 days has increased dramatically. He isn&#039;t one to complain about anything medical related but this has. He also has had more episodes of feeling bloated without any visible distention I could see or noticed. It&#039;s a heavy feeling that just sits there (upper middle abdomen) Well tonight or rather about 4 hours ago he had the same discomfort in upper abdomen with tenderness, bloated feeling, increase in burping, diarrhea, nausea that later progressed to vomiting. He threw up bile/green color. Can&#039;t lay down."
"Works great, little side effects. I will get a little stomach upset if I don&#039;t take with food, which you should do. I am not sure why the reviews are bad unless you are allergic. My UTI symptoms start to disappear with one pill. Fast relief."
"I started using Adipex March 08 weighing in at 332lbs. As of September 08 now 284lbs. Lost 48lbs in 6 months. At first had a little trouble going to sleep but that went away after a coule of weeks. I think that the pill is totally worth it. Now I have REALLY picked up my exercise routine and I am now very cautious about what I eat. Very little starch at all. Exercise consists of 3-4 miles on treadmill at 6-7 mph then 30-45 minutes in a sauna EVERY DAY. I would suggest taking the pill for 2-3 weeks then laying off for a week. This is what has worked for me."
"Another update.  Have been on Belviq for about 9 months now.  I have lost about 25 pounds.  Zero side effects.  I am at a weight that I haven&#039;t seen in about 20 years.  This is the first time I have been able to control what and how much I eat.  It also seems to be much easier to burn off the fat with exercise."
"The olanzapine works for me. I sleep at night and my thoughts rarely race now. And it is so wonderful not to feel depressed. If it wasn&#039;t for the weight gain, I would give it a ten."
"Januvia side effects include crippling, debilitating pain, and swelling. Dad&#039;s been taking it since March 2015,  and by August could barely walk.  He had joint swelling, and excruciating pain.  Doctor after doctor visit.  No clue! Called me,  his daughter,  RN BSN, and we returned to the doctor wanting to know why he didn&#039;t know more about this drugs side effects. NONE OF THEM DO! A friend veteran, same thing.  Could hardly Stanfield the pain,  talking about swollen and angioedema. They even ran heart tests! It was the Januvia,  and my dad, and the vet, taken off Januvia have completely recovered. The veteran had even been referred to a rheumatologist. My dad is now taking chromium type supplements, and watching his carbs. Doing very well."
"Took Delsym 12 hour cough and after about 2 hours got terrible stomach pains and diarrhea. It wasn&#039;t very good at suppressing my cough either! Be warned, I would never take it again!"
"This makes me dizzy and weak for several hours after taking even though I drink lots of water and ate crackers."
"I have been on opioids for 20 years at least.  So constipation kind of rules my life. I too ended up in emergency twice, but all they did was give me an enema which never works for me. I saw a Movantik add on tv, so I asked my Dr. if I should try it. He agreed and wrote me a prescription. When I got home I took one, and it had no effect at all. Just nothing. So I decided to check the reviews on this drug and people have had just too many problems with pain , cramps, all sorts of awful things. Since it didn&#039;t work, I felt lucky. I don&#039;t want to go through the pain."
"I have RLS and insomnia. I don&#039;t want to use an addictive medication for sleep. Unisom has thus far been very helpful. I start feeling the effects after about 30-45 minutes. Also I try not to take it every day. 1 every few days. I needed it and I&#039;m happy with the results."
"I have had Implanon for over a year and the side effects have been going on for that long.  My hair is falling out I have the worst anxiety and mood swings and have gained over 30lbs since on it, no amount of exercise and diet can help.  I have an appointment in 3 weeks to have it removed because of the side effects."
"My derm gave this to me on a whim, as a sample at my last visit.  The nurse PA said her mom used it and it worked great........how many times have I hear that.   I have to say this stuff is FANTASTIC.  Not only have I not had any more cysts to form, it seems to have evened out my skin tone and texture.  I was very surprised at the results.  I have been using it for about 4 weeks......and I have three small pimples......PIMPLES....not cysts that are what &quot;normal people&quot; would get.  I have been very pleased and I keep thinking it will fail.......so far so good.  I would definitely recommend Soolantra"
"If you&#039;re suffering, you need to fix you! This medication is the most important thing to ever happen in my life. I went from a nervous, neurotic, obsessional wreck, to calm, cool and in-control dude - and I only take 5-10 mg (I&#039;m 6&#039; 4&quot;). Over the last seven years, I&#039;ve taken it on average 1-2 months out of the year - only when needed and never more than 6-8 weeks. I prefer not to be on anything, but when my health and business decline because of my mood, I immediately break the safety glass and reach for the Lexapro. And if for some reason Lexapro doesn&#039;t work for you, work with your doctor to find the right medicine so you can feel better. (I&#039;ve tried 6 different medicines, we all have different chemistries - never give up."
"It has the desired effect of stopping the itching in the night, but I cannot stay awake the following day. The drowsiness is almost impossible for me to cope with during the working week. I&#039;m literally falling asleep at work (and I&#039;m only taking half the dose)."
"I started taking Ambien for insomnia about a month ago. It works great if I am able to take it early enough to get in 8 hours of sleep...however...I also take Wellbutrin and apparently they do not work well together. I have been sleep eating, sundaes, brownies, yogurt, sandwiches. I also cook and leave the mess behind and don&#039;t remember ANY OF IT. I colored my hair with two colors, and gave myself the worst haircut I&#039;ve ever had in my life and was totally shocked the next morning when I saw the bright pink color in my hair and awful short bangs and uneven length. I had a conversation with my daughter and gave her permission to spend the night out which I would NOT have done in my right mind and she made me write it down for proof!"
"I was prescribed this medicine at 500 milligrams twice daily. At first my infection seem to get better the pain decreased. I noticed some shortness of breath within the first couple of days by the third and fourth day taking this medication I had muscle aches over my entire body, joint pain, would wake up in the middle of the night with a severe dry mouth, headaches and a bad rash that was extremely itchy and benadryl would not relieve. Now on my fifth day I have decided to discontinue this product because the muscle pain and itching or for worse than the infection is treating. I believe this is possibly a good medication however I believe maybe I should have been given smaller dose."
"This medicine has helped about 95% with my depression and about 75% with my moods I have been on it for about 3 months now I go through periods where I am so happy and so in love with my husband very high libido (feelings I have always struggled to have) But there has been about 2 weeks during this 3 months that I go back to being irritable and moody and wanna smack my husband for everything that comes out of his mouth. So being on these medicine and being Bipolar maybe I&#039;ll never be 100% normal."
"I Have been taking Levaquin for 3 days for bronchitis.  Having difficulty sleeping and have no appetite, along with headache and a persistent fever.  Pharmacist never told me to take the medicine with a full 8 oz glass of water.  Might have been good to know.  So far, still have bronchitis, coughing up mucus and needing an inhaler.  I have never used an antibiotic that after 3 days I remain ill.  Jury is out however, as I may be better...soon I hope."
"I&#039;m 60, and had one previous colonoscopy over ten years ago. I don&#039;t remember how unpleasant the prep solution was, but it was taken in one dose, not over two days, as is more generally done now. I chilled my water and the suprep over night. It took me about ten minutes to get it all down. Nasty stuff! I just kept chugging it as quickly as I could. I stopped to take sips of iced tea whenever it became nauseating. Once you get it down, the rest is a breeze. You will want to drink the next 32 ounces of water, just to get that taste out of your mouth. All in all, it could have been much worse. Just do it!"
"Used for post op surgery due to a history of nausea and vomiting. THE BEST recovery room experience. I took it off the next morning because I think, combined with the pain medication I was extremely dizzy/headache. I have never been seasick but I would recommend it for surgery."
"I had to stop after 10 days due to a rash all over my body. Hope after it goes away I can start on it again and use 2 a day instead of 4. I am on 2 Prevacid and 2 Zantac also. It worked great and for a week I was in heaven."
"The first few days while taking Wellbutrin,which is not really recommended for anxiety but doc recommended giving it a try, were not too bad.  Around week 2 I began to notice I was miserable, angry all the time, and just not feeling like  myself!  I am usually a happy person that laughs alot and enjoys making others laugh!  Wellbutrin changed all that!  I was now a bitter and angry person that found fault with everything!  I wasn&#039;t sleeping well, had slight headaches everyday and my head felt cloudy and foggy all the time!  I wasn&#039;t able to concentrate which made it difficult for me to function properly at work. I was no longer the happy,silly person I used to be!  This drug totally changed my personality!"
"I suffered a bilateral subarachnoid brain hemorrhage and am happy to be alive.  However, one of many hurtles left behind for me to deal with was laughing at inappropriate times and crying at the drop of a hat. My brilliant Doctor, prescribed Nuedexta.  I have not had an outburst since taking the medicine and no side effects at all."
"The problem I ran into however was it&#039;s side effects.  I had to stop taking it as it affected my breathing to the point that I couldn&#039;t walk half a block without gasping for air.  To this day I still have respiratory problems after taking this."
"After working 12hr shift work for our local Police Department, when you come home, you have what I guess nervous energy.  I have tried other medicines. However
&quot;Ambien allows a deep sound-ful sleep."
"I always knew I was different from everyone else. I was very quiet and shy. But in my mind I couldn&#039;t shut up. My mind was loud. In class I could never stop fidgeting, playing with my hair, scratching an itch, doodling on notebooks. I wondered why nobody else squirmed around like me. At 24 I was diagnosed with ADD. Adderall is life changing. I&#039;m finally normal. I feel like everyone else. My mind is at ease. I am in charge of my thoughts. I can have genuine conversations with people without my mind wondering. I am finally happy after years of struggles. I am organized and more peaceful. "
"I have been unable to take antidepressants due their side effects. I had pretty much given up trying to feel &quot;normal&quot;. I saw a new Dr. And she gave me viibryd samples. 
I have little to no side effects except for occasional diarrhea. For the first time in a really long time, I feel good. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie, and I am able to get up and live. 
I do take the medication earlier in the day because it can cause me to keep me awake. 3pm seems to work out well. I haven&#039;t gained weight on it, but I tend to bloat more if I eat poorly. I just wish I didn&#039;t have to go broke to function well."
"Along with narcolepsy, I&#039;ve also been diagnosed with ADHD. I have been taking dexedrine for the last 4 years. At first it was 5mg tablets which worked for a couple months. As soon as my dose was increased to 10mg spansules a day, my life has been so much easier since then. I can actually concentrate on one thing without wanting to quit in the middle and take a nap. Many side effects including dry mouth almost every day, heart pounding, loss of appetite leading to weight loss, muscles twitching, and severe tiredness if I suddenly stop taking it."
"Using for one month working great on my big toenail ."
"I&#039;ve only been on Aviane for a month, and I absolutely hate it. I would not recommend this to anyone. I was taking Aubra before, but wanted to get out of Planned Parenthood. So I went to my family doctor, he gave me this. I have been depressed, have had bad mood swings, absolutely no sex drive, my breasts are very tender, and seem larger and I know I&#039;ve gained weight. This will be my one and only month on it."
"Within a day in a half this medication has done wonders for me. All smiles."
"My age is upper 80s. My urologist prescribed Cialis 5 mg daily about 18 months ago. Amazing medicine. I still have erectile dysfunction and benign prostate hyperplasia but both have improved more with Cialis than Flomax and Proscar. Bathroom trips once per night usually. My penis stays somewhat engorged 24/7 and I am in a constant state of arousal and &quot;sexual awareness&quot;. I don&#039;t get hard enough for penetration but my penis extremely sensitive."
"I am an adult male who had tried almost everything THREE dermatologists.  Some antibiotics would work briefly, retin a pretty much burned my skin in a couple days and we had to stop, liquid nitrogen was sprayed on my face every few weeks.. you name it, they tried it.

Then,  my current derm (10 years now) put me on accutane when we first met. Three 20mg a day for 6 months. Yes, I had drying of my LIPS but no other major side effects and my acne stopped. Yes, we have had some flare ups and we use accutane briefly to stop them and they stay stopped for years. It is really the only medication that slams the door on my acne.. even if not forever."
"While it helped me to sleep, I awoke feeling drowsiness most of the day. It was only 3 mg. I question if I will continue, because I cannot go to work drowsy."
"I am extremely happy with the Botox injections in the bladder. I have severe incontinence, overactive bladder before.  I have MS and my urologist explained I would have to self-cathe after the procedure. That&#039;s no big deal.  I cam wear real underwear again! Yay!"
"I started taking BCP years ago, and Aviane more recently in the past year or so for endometriosis/severe cramps while having my period. I am now pain free, so happy!"
"I started taking Yasmin about 6 months ago for extreme period pain which some doctors thought might be endometriosis. It worked alright for the first month or two. I was at least able to move. After the second month I noticed that I was always hungry and eating a lot of the time. "
"I&#039;m reading a lot of bad reviews on here and I cannot relate to them at all. I&#039;ve had nexplanon for almost a year now. I do have a period, that is a few days longer than my period was prior to nexplanon, but it is certainly nothing unbearable. I have not gotten pregnant and my mood is steady. I did gain a few pounds when I first got on nexplanon but they quickly dropped off as my body readjusted. I barely notice the implant is there. I&#039;m very sorry for the ladies who have had a bad experience but I would definitely suggest this to anyone looking to be on birth control."
"I am 20 years old and never had a child or been pregnant, and I decided to go with Mirena after much thought. I was pretty nervous going into it, and I&#039;m not going to lie, insertion was pretty painful. I would recommend taking that day off for anyone, but by the next day I felt better, and by the second day I was back to the gym. The first month was pretty much continuous bleeding, but I have now had Mirena for 4 months and I must say the pain of insertion and bleeding was worth it! I would definitely recommend sticking it out, considering that you can keep it for 5 years!"
"Was prescribed for a tooth extraction and it worked great. Never felt pain and this is the only narcotic analgesic that doesn&#039;t make me feel nauseated."
"I have lost about 30lbs, and gained muscles in the last 8 months while working out 3 days a week. The last 5 months I&#039;m down about 20 inches also. I do have to take it by no later than 9am so that it doesn&#039;t affect my sleep. It&#039;s best to take this as soon as you wake up. If you take it later in the morning or noon it will mess with your sleep! The dry mouth issues went away for me around 3-4 months."
"Been on trinessa for 6 months because my insurance won&#039;t give me ortho tricyclen. I used to just go to the health dept and get ortho for free, I was on that 15 years and didn&#039;t have a single issue. Trinessa makes me bloated, irritable, depressed, sore swollen breasts, I cry a lot and I&#039;ve gained 20  lbs!!!! No babies is the only plus."
"I have arthritis in my ankles, knees, sacroiliac area, and hip. I also have fibromyalgia. It hurts so much I can barely move. When ever I have pain, I use Voltaren Gel. This stuff is a lifesaver. It helps me regain my joint flexibility and I can move and walk around again. Also, I am not crying out in pain. My life was horrible before Voltaren Gel. Now, I have a normal life again and can manage my symptoms."
"The medication was quite effective in doing what it was supposed to do, but it was really hard to get down.  I tried several of the suggestions here and while they probably helped a little, it was still very, very difficult for me to drink this prep.  The first bottle was awful and the second bottle was even worse.  I did have some butterscotch hard candy that I sucked on in between gulps, which helped a little, but if I have to do it again I think I would try cinnamon candies because they have a much stronger taste.  Since I don&#039;t have to do this again for another 5 years, I am just hoping they come up with a better option by then.  Good luck to anyone else that needs to do this."
"I&#039;ve been on this med for a year and it works wonders for me, gives me Energy And the drive to do things more, I&#039;ve also lost weight and feels good..."
"I am on week 11 of 12. Almost done!
I have genotype 3a. I have only had hep c for two years, but it&#039;s been a rough two years. I already have stage two liver fibrosis, as well as fatty liver disease, not to mention my liver enzymes had consistently stayed in around 90 and 200. I learned that genotype 3 can be very aggressive.
Even though my doctor told me this medicine, should work great for me, I was still worried it wouldn&#039;t work for me.
The first couple of weeks taking epclusa I was more fatigued than usual, but that side effect subsided. I haven&#039;t really had any other side effects at all! 
since 6 weeks in, my viral load is undetectable, and my liver enzymes are back to normal levels for the first time in 2 years!"
"A very dangerous medication. I was prescribed it for headaches. Many side effects were problems I was already having. I told my doctor about I, and so did my wife on many occasions. The doctor said keep taking it, the good out ways the bad. And if I don&#039;t take it. They will not try a new.medication,or see me again. So I tried it for 21 days. Hallucination, didn&#039;t no if I was awake or dreaming. Many bad things. Then out of know where. I shot myself under the chin. Some how I survived. After coming out of coma and many surgeries. I did more study on the medicine. I&#039;m 46. In the testing of this drug. 31% of all males between 41 &amp; 49 committed suicide on it. That&#039;s one in three males. All within the first 30 days. So I was failed by my the docs"
"I used this product and within 15 minutes was in extreme discomfort. So of course I googled it and found these reviews (as I sat on an ice pack). I got scared and thought I may be in pain all day. But after sitting on ice for about 1 hour, the pain was not there when I got off the ice. Hope that helps others."
"I was automatically switched to Tri Sprintec as the new preferred generic at my pharmacy (I was taking Trinessa). I have never had such awful migraines or nausea in my life. My fiance finally pushed me to call the pharmacy and get my old pill back. It&#039;s been a huge fiasco but I&#039;d rather be off the pill than take Tri Sprintec any longer."
"I switched to this pill after taking progesterone only, and I almost immediately regretted it. I was moody and nasty, gained 10-15 pounds within the first two weeks of taking it, started to become depressed, and it completely reduced my sex drive. I also had mild acne before I started taking it, and it developed into cystic acne within a week, and didn&rsquo;t clear up. I&rsquo;ve been off it for over a month now, still have the cystic acne, but my mood and sex drive came back up. I hated what happened to me on it so much that I stopped taking it after the first month because to me, trying to finish the 3 mo trial wasn&rsquo;t worth it. There are other options."
"I give this a 0 as with all other antidepressants because they don&#039;t relieve symptoms naturally.  I also had an extremely bad reaction with this one."
"Cardizem started taking yesterday 2-10-2016 making shakes like I have Parkinson&#039;s which I don&#039;t have. Did not sleep all night at all.  Feel bad  face flushed to point it was red. Taken 2 doses so far and may not take any more until I talk to heart Dr. That prescribe it. Check blood press it had gone up instead  of down.it was 196over70."
"Very effective for  diarrhea, besides it alleviates heartburn and stomach discomfort"
"My job has these little pills and I took a couple because of cramping. It helped a lot and with the swelling in my feet. What a great pill."
"In the past year, my peeing frequency has increased to 3-4 times a night (from 1-2 times). I began taking Urorec (4mg) two weeks ago, following a rectal ultrasound confirming an enlarged prostate (PSA 3.9).  In Europe, 30 days supply only costs $2.50! 

I&#039;m in my early 60&#039;s and this is the first time I&#039;ve taken this type of medication. The Urorec has improved my urine flow/bladder emptying and I now get up only 1 or 2 times during the night.  I have experienced both anejaculation and reduced ejaculation and the sensation of orgasm is less intense and lasts less time, plus aching leg muscles. I intend to carry on ... perhaps exploring a 5 days on/2 days off routine to see if it improves orgasms/ejaculation"
"Honestly, I have been on 32 different medicines for bipolar disorder since I was a teenager. Only in the last few years have they realized the severity of mental illness in people. Lithium seems to be the saving grace so to speak. It has helped me feel like a real person."
"please be cautious before taking cymbalta.
I took cymbalta for 20 months, then decided to quit after changing my lifestyle. After discontinuing my perscription of 60mgs a day I endured brain zaps, insomnia, and eye pain for 3 weeks."
"This drug is so incredibly strong. I was prescribed 25 mg for anxiety. I tried it for the first time tonight and I felt the effects after an hour. It made me feel even more anxious because it was so strong and I was not expecting it to be like this. It feels like a really strong/weird high. I was having a little issues breathing and I was seriously considering going to the ER. If you have bad anxiety I would not recommend this drug. I did however pass out after 3 hours and I had the coolest dream! I just woke up after about 3 hours of sleep, even though the purpose was to keep me asleep. If you do take this drug, I recommend taking it at night because you will pass out and be extremely slow and sluggish.  I&#039;m just happy to be alive!! :)"
"I am on prescription opiate pain medication which makes me constipated on a regular basis. I have tried every laxative on the market aside from enemas and this is the ONLY one that relieves me. Yes, I do experience cramping a few minutes before &quot;its time to go&quot;  but it definitely does its job every time."
"Took this medication for 4 months it didn&#039;t do much but help me sleep. I experienced lactation, enlarged breasts &quot;went from a B cup to a Double D&quot;  hunger to the point that I never felt full no matter what I ate, obsessive sweating, and the worst thing was that I gained 40lbs in 4 months. I was originally 130lbs and topped off at 170lbs and flushed the remaining medication and had zero withdrawals. Unfortunately this was 3 years ago and no matter what I do I can not lose more than 10lbs and I gain it back off and on. I am getting my thyroid tested to check if it caused it to be come inactive or under active. Because I have never weighed more than 135lbs even after having 3 Full term babies. This Medication should be removed from the market!!!"
"Hi, am 56 year old Fem, and have lost 26 lbs on WW within 7 months. I have been eating right &amp; working out weekly but hit a plateau. With the holidays coming, I asked my Dr. as to what could help me keep my path.  He mention that Contrave is not a diet pill..WOW, I was ready, read up on it and started 2 days ago.  The only thing was I felt a little foggy and tired in the p.m., but it went way.  Did have some feaky dreams, but slept great.  I woke up with energy and have had no cravings. I get full quickly, and want to drink water all the time.. Feel great!  BTW, I did view some reviews and I was so scared about the side effects mentioned, BUT so glad I started Contrave since I know it&#039;s works different for everyone."
"I am 21, 5ft .5in female and I got to my heaviest point, weighing in at 155.2. I have never been more than 130. I tried weight watchers and I worked out for about 45-1hr every day and nothing was helping...anyway, I went to my dr and he said he felt I reached a plateau, where it was very hard for me to lose the weight. I was proscribed Adipex tablets on 11/17/15 and today, 12/1/15, I am down 11.2lbs. That is 11.2lbs in exactly 2 weeks!! After losing about 5lbs I felt so much better already. I have not had any horrible side effects. I have dry mouth if I don&#039;t drink much and I barely ever eat anything. I have to force myself to eat. Other than that, I have nothing bad to say about it. I definitely would recommend it! Will update in 2 weeks!"
"When first diagnosed went on metro for 10 days, 4x a day. Did not work.  Then given a 1 day dose of Tinidazole, and had immediate relief. Use Tinidazole  FIRST!"
"I&#039;ve been on Victoza for 3 weeks. I started at 0.6 and increased every 7 days. I&#039;ve lost 17 lbs thus far. Not eating much. I was nauseous in the beginning but it wears off.  I can&#039;t eat more then 1 cup of food without feeling miserably full. No desire to over eat at all.  So far so good.  Hoping I don&#039;t plateau.  I am still making good food choices and exercise regularly. Sugars were maintained on metformin b4 starting so I&#039;m hoping to go off metformin by October.  Praying I don&#039;t get pancreatitis, gallbladder problems or worse."
"I take Flexeril for muscle spasm related to bulged discs at L3-L4, L4-L5, and L5-S1.  I get sciatica down both legs.  I also have C6-C7 facet joint damage that catches and occasionally prevents me from turning my head to the left.  I am highly resistant to narcotics and anesthetics, and take 10mg Flexeril during the day without any side effects.  It allows me to function without letting the muscles lock up.  It stops the pain cycle (pain=muscle tension=pain=muscle tension).  When I take it at night, it quicly reduces the spasming.  If the pain is severe, I take with narcotics for one night to force massive relaxation.  This should be done with extreme caution tho - combining opiates and muscle relaxers can cause someone to stop breathing."
"I just started taking Dilaudid a short time ago. I have lived in misery for the last 12 years with lower and upper back pain. I have been on MS Contin. Vicodin, Lortab pill and liquid.  I recently hurt my back at work to the point that, I could not even drive. My doctor put me on Dilaudid and I have to say that it works well.  I feel for anyone who lives with chronic pain.  At least I can move and work. Maybe not as fast as I once was but, I still get the job done. Please don&#039;t give up there are other alternatives that may work for you."
"All I have to say is try it. Yo will be glad you did. I lost 30lbs in 30 days."
"This is for the insertion only. 
Don&#039;t listen to the reviewers that say the insertion is excruciating. I read all the horror stories on the internet and waited to get the mirena for 2 years because of them. 
I finally got it today and the pain wasn&#039;t as severe as I thought. It was some weird, intense cramps and uncomfortable pressure and stopped as soon as the doctor was finished and I&#039;ve experienced NOTHING since. The sensation lasted for maybe 3 minutes total, I couldn&#039;t believe how quick the procedure was. Worrying about the pain was the worst part. I was able to sit up right away (no dizziness or nausea) and drive myself around running errands. I&#039;ve had some minor spotting since but that&#039;s about it. 
I&#039;m 28 with no kids. I took 3 advil."
"I was prescribed this medication for breakthrough pain. It works better than the oxycodone and I rate it a 10. They would highly recommend this medication to people with severe pain to help with the breakthrough pain. This is Dilaudid which is a very effective medication post surgery."
"Significant side effects.  Headache, dizziness, nausea, chills. Only taking 15 mg.  Has caused me to miss work.  I am sleeping a full 8 hours now but the side effects are almost as bad for me as the insomnia."
"Absolutely effective. Had been having hot flashes for about 6 months and they were increasing not only in intensity but also in frequency. The final straw came when I was out with my daughter, 19, and she said &#039;your face is all sweaty.&#039; Since I have started taking Venlafaxine, I can say the hot flashes have almost completely disappeared. I feel so much better. I do have a problem sleeping and am not sure if that is related to the medicine."
"This really hits the spot."
"ONLY pain medicine that I could/can take that does not have side effects.  I am sick it is no longer on the market.  "
"I received the Nexplanon about 4 months ago. I&#039;ve had on and off bleeding and spotting for the past 3 months, sometimes heavy and sometimes brown spotting. No weight gain and more pimples than usual on my chest and back. I have experienced mood changes, somewhat of a depression and immense fatigue at times. Sex drive has decreased noticeably. I do not feel like myself. May consider removing it at 6 months if issues have not resolved and the doctor will allow it."
"First day worked fine, although will say my pee was neon...wasnt expecting that. Second day however,  tired all of the time with a killer headache that doesnt seem to go away and very cold and achey. Good that I can finally sleep after three nights of not being able to (great bank holiday that was) and pain went after the first two tablets were taken. This is the second time ive been on these, would definitely take again."
"This is the 3rd course of metronidazole I&#039;ve taken in the last year for BV and I will never take this medication again!  The first 2 times I had the normal side effects of headache, fatigue and metallic taste.  This 3rd time has been an absolute nightmare! Around day 4 was when I started to get heart palpitations, flu-like symptoms, muscle aches, tiredness and chills.  I literally thought I was going to die a couple times.  I had to go to the ER because I almost passed out.  They did a full work-up with labs and an EKG and found nothing wrong.  I&#039;ve stopped the medication 5 days ago and my symptoms are getting worse.  I&#039;m not sure how long it will take for this medication to get out of my system, but I hope it is soon!"
"I&#039;ve tried Prozac, Zoloft, Celexa and none of them worked well. They would work maybe a month and the depression crept back into my life. I started taking Viibryd and the recommendation of a doctor and trusted friend and my life has changed dramatically for the better. I don&#039;t have the wiped out feeling and my sex drive has stayed the same. This medicine has been a God send for me. I had to fight to get my insurance to cover it but it has so been worth it."
"Haven&#039;t had a UTI in probably more than 10 years.  Have recently been diagnosed with 2 in the last 3 months.  Had Macrobid both times.  The first time I ended up with fever and chills, but thought I was unlucky and had picked up a virus.  Symptoms went away by the end of the treatment.  When UTI came back, I was given the same medication.  Within 12 hours of taking the first does, my fever and chills became so bad that I almost went to urgent care.  Advil reduced the fever temporarily, but I won&#039;t take it again."
"Used Benicar for 6 weeks to see if I could tolerate it.  Doctor then prescribed Losartan - a generic from the same group of medicines.  Within a week of taking Losartan, I began to experience &quot;fatigue&quot; in my upper body with slight numbness in my arms, hands and fingers. Simple tasks like mowing and trimming my lawn wore me out and caused my upper body muscles to feel like I&#039;d worked out for hours.  Some experience of jaw pain on my left side, ache in neck as well.  I&#039;ve taken myself off this medicine for the weekend and will see if my Doctor can put me back on Atenolol/ Chlorothal, my previous blood pressure medicines (made me sensitive to sunlight but nothing as bad as Losartan)
Doctor seemed surprised by my side effects but reading this site among others shows I&#039;m not alone."
"I am 41 with Crohn&#039;s disease causing my lack of vitamin absorb. I had my monthly entyvio infusion and right after my first reclast infusion just yesterday.  I was just fine until about 5 hours after when I started having diarrhea. It later turned into severe watery diarrhea shooting out into my Ostomy, chills, sweating, fever, aches, and weakness. I was told it may happen but was hoping not to me. If this helps me a few days of this is worth it and I will do it again. Like on Harry Potter &quot;growing bones is a nasty business!&quot; Lol"
"I started on Phentermine on June 7, 2016 at a weight of 235#. I am 5 feet 7.5 inches tall. The only side effects I have experienced are a dry mouth and increased energy (a good thing).  In the first three weeks I lost 15 pounds. Then the weight loss slowed a little. It took three weeks to lose the next ten pounds. My target weight is 180#, a loss of 55#, so I am about half way there. My plan is to take 90 days of Phentermine, then discontinue for 90 days to figure out how to sustain the weight loss without the help of an appetite suppressant. After 90 days I will resume taking Phentermine until I reach my target weight. I have never felt more optimistic about losing weight and keeping it off."
"I&#039;ve been on Restasis for several years and have done well on it. My insurer stopped covering Restasis this year, but covers Xiidra. I&#039;m not sure why since they&#039;re priced similarly. Restasis is actually a better value because it has .4 ml in every vial (I can stretch out a 90-day supply to 180 days) vs. Xiidra&#039;s .2 ml. I decided to try Xiidra. Right away, my eyes burned and itched and are extremely red. I&#039;ve only been on it for 5 days. I don&#039;t know how long I can tolerate the Xiidra. I don&#039;t know if I should discontinue using the drops because I suspect I might be allergic to them, or will these side effects subside?"
"I was on Cymbalta about a year ago but when I found a job I wasn&#039;t able to make my monthly appointments due to being new and have a probationary period, so I stopped cold turkey and stayed very very dizzy but I was able to beat it and the dizziness went away. After losing my job my depression worsened very bad so I went back to my psychiatrist and got back on them. I got so bad I cried a lot while being alone, suicide thoughts, anger and hatred, lack of confidence. I sat in a recliner for 16 to 18 hours a day, but let me tell you something when I got back on Cymbalta 60mg I have done a complete turnaround. I have lost 40lbs, sex life is great now,  my confidence is through the roof. I smile and laugh instead of crying, no suicidal thoughts."
"I took this pill at the end of April, and went through an emotional rollercoaster. Me and my boyfriend always have unprotected sex (dumb right?) well, I got a very heavy, emotional and painful period about 10 days late. I recently took this pill, about 24 hours after sex. It was a week before my expected period, I recieved my period (I hope) 3 days late. It wasn&#039;t like my normal period but it was bleeding, so I&#039;m happy. I&#039;ve had really bad frequent urination so I have no idea what&#039;s causing that. I&#039;ve experienced nausea and dizziness. Still worried, I&#039;m going to take a few more pregnancy tests. But it seems like it&#039;s worked! Fingers crossed! I&#039;m only 17!"
"I&#039;ve been on lexapro for 4 days now, and I&#039;m honestly feeling so much better. I read in some reviews that some of you guys experienced nausea, and I fortunately didn&#039;t. I just feel better. And I hope that as the time goes by my anxiety fades away even more."
"I have had Mirena for 1yr now, I had my doctor insert it after my six week check up, after having my baby. I never tried birth control before but thought it would never hurt to try. My experience with it so far has been very uncomfortable the insertion was horrible. I went into depression, mood swings and weight gain. My sex drive went completely out the window. I want to remove it but I just don&#039;t want to go through the same scenario with another Birth Control."
"I have had very painful Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation for most of my life and have gone as long as three weeks without a bowel movement. It hasn&#039;t responded to changes in diet, exercise regimens, or fiber supplements. (In fact, the fiber made it much worse!) Other laxatives either don&#039;t work or wring me out for days. My doctor prescribed Miralax in 2008 and I have taken it daily ever since with no problem. I still don&#039;t go every day, but when I do go the stool is soft, and the motion is easy and painless. I expect to take Miralax forever, and have no problem doing so. It&#039;s a beneficial, versatile medication that&#039;s definitely worth a shot if you&#039;re battling constipation."
"I have been on this medicine for almost 2 months.  
On the plus side it lowered my blood pressure effectively.  My readings are excellent!
Now the minuses.  I always feel lightheaded and dizzy.  My mouth feels dry and I keep feeling like I have to clear my throat.  Everyday around 2:45 I become extremely tired and nod off.  It is hard to fight through this. I constantly feel queasy.  5 days ago around the same time I started feeling extremely nauseous and began to sweat heavily.  When I stood up to go to the bathroom I felt dizzy to the point I strongly thought I was going to pass out.  My vision also became blurry.  I sat on the floor, then laid down.  Within 1 minute the feelings subsided.  I think this is the medicine doing this."
"I am new to birth control. I first took it when I was 19 and turn 20 shortly after. My first three months were hell. My nausea was terrible that I could not eat anything, engage in sexual activities without the urge of vomiting and be dizzy. My period was very off. My body was almost on a whole month of just my menstrual cycle. It was nasty. HOWEVER, I decided to stay on it because those side effects are normal. On my second pack (4-6 months) my ACNE CLEARED UP!!! Since I had gone through puberty at 11,and had acne since then and now my skin is like a baby again. My period is officially 2 weeks long (I begin spotting and gradually have a heavier flow). I have gained about 17 pounds but I think that&#039;s because I stopped exercising rigorously since graduating high school."
"I started phentermine right before thanksgiving.  I am 5&quot;2&#039; and starting weight was 184lbs.  It made me not hungry at all.  I constantly drank water and ate very lightly.  No insomnia first month.  I lost 17 pounds.  Second month I had to take 3 days off because of the insomnia.  If I feel I can&#039;t sleep I will skip a day or two.  Still only drinking water and eating lightly.  No exercise at all and today I weigh 156lbs.  Total loss of 28lbs in two months.  This month I plan to add exercise to drop more weight. Love Phentermine!"
"Please!!! just walk away from this pill, my breast are so tender I can&#039;t touch them, I stay nauseous and light headed and I&#039;ve had my period now for 2 weeks. And I&#039;ve only take them for 2 weeks. I stopped taking them I&#039;m no longer nauseous and light headed but my period is still going strong. My breast are getting better, to many side effects for me. Oh yea and they make you eat A LOT!!!"
"I got mine inserted early January 2016.I&#039;ve been constantly bleeding for two months since it&#039;s now March. I&#039;ve read it takes about three to four months for you body to get used to it so I&#039;m giving it a chance. The bleeding is extremely light so it&#039;s not too much of a pain.Other than the bleeding, I have not gained weight aside from my own doing by eating fast food &amp; not working out. After starting to workout again, the weight is falling off so it&#039;s not due to the Nexplanon.I don&#039;t break out, get headaches, or mood swings aside from when it&#039;s time for my actual period.I&#039;ve always had a high sex drive so it wasn&#039;t affected at all. I&#039;m going to cal my doctor to see if I can take that &quot;combined&quot; pill to help the bleeding! I&#039;d recommend!"
"When I originally took Microgestin 1/20 by Watson, it was amazing (particularly after the first couple of months of taking when my body got use to it). My breasts went up a cup size &amp; there were little to no side effects. Lighter periods. No pregnancy. WIN!

THEN after almost two years, a dark cloud called Actavis became the new manufacturer and shattered my love for Microgestin. Something changed in the formula because I was suddenly sick during the first week of each new pack to the point that I&#039;d throw up at times. Random cramping. Gained about a pd a week - not a deal breaker but still sucks. HEAVY exhausting 2-3 day periods. Two side effects worsened over time: melasma and mood swings. Needless to say, it&#039;s goodbye time. Beware!"
"Hydroxyzine is an oldie; but a keeper. It is more powerful than it&#039;s younger brother Zyrtec and lasts 24-36 hours. If taken at night, there is little chance of a &#039;hangover effect&#039; or residual drowsiness. It is probably the safest and most effective sleep medication available; and you don&#039;t build a tolerance or addiction. As a HCL salt; check your liver and kidneys annually to make sure there are no ill affects which are rare."
"I found that Buspar helped quite a bit in allowing me to orgasm.  It was also quite useful in partially abating teeth grinding, which I get in relation to SSRIs."
"I Have been on this medication for 2+ years. I would not recommend a dosage higher than 37.5MG a day at 200lbs male. It keeps me awake and not having ADHD type symptoms throughout the day if i take it in the morning. I have tried Prozac and it only made my symptoms worse not better. 

As a night person who had sleeping cycle problems from a young age."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for a little over a month. I had some concerns at first because of all the side effects people have experienced, however I haven&#039;t had any problems yet.  The only thing I have experienced is a nauseous feeling, but nothing that really makes me lose my appetite."
"I found Tri-Previfem to be an effective contraceptive for my boyfriend and I; however, I have recently started getting sudden and severe headaches, and in some cases body aches. I can&#039;t leave my room or function when these happen so I usually just sleep. It&#039;s really hard being a college student who needs to get work done when I get sudden severe headaches. 

On the bright side, I&#039;ve noticed no weight gain and my skin cleared up. My periods also became regular."
"Works for me!"
"Helped with the endometriosis pain but had constant nausea and severe leg pain that was debilitating to the point of going to the ER. Could not rest my legs and was making me miserable."
"I started taking this about 2 weeks ago and I have yet to have a period while on it but so far, it&#039;s alright. I got sick about an hour after taking it. It also gave me a horrible yeast infection. But that all went away and now I&#039;m back pretty much to my normal self. I will continue to keep using it"
"I get about 4 migraines/tension headaches per month and have since I was a kid. If caught early enough, I can make do with just caffeine pills and an aspirin, but when things get bad I&#039;m reaching for my Excedrin migraine. I&#039;ve timed it to 20-25 minutes to fully take effect, if it works. Sometimes, though, it is not quite strong enough and I have to use other methods to calm the pain (dark room, ear plugs, pressure points, etc). My migraines have no aura to speak of- just a little bit of wooziness as a warning-  and nausea is mild, so mainly concerned with the pain and accompanying sensitivity to light and sound. Excedrin helps with those at least."
"I am 20 years old and have been suffering with acne since I was 14. I tried EVERY topical lotions, antibiotics, and face washes you can think of and nothing worked on my stubborn skin. I was terrified of going on Accutane because of some bad reviews I read about it. After talking with my dermatologist, I decided to give Accutane a shot. Best decision of my life!! I am currently almost done with my third month and my skin feels so smooth and looks amazing. I have so much more confidence in myself and can go out without worrying about my skin looking horrible. The only side effects I have gotten so far are dry skin and very dry lips (I carry Chapstick with me 24/7!). Other than that, all I can say is Accutane is truly a miracle."
"Well I been on this medication since I was 9 to about 13 years on age and I was wondering was that a to long amount of years on medication I&#039;m 19 now"
"My Dr wanted to change my prescription of ambien CR. And put me on belsomra. Didn&#039;t sleep for more than 10 minutes at a time, then couldn&#039;t tell if I was asleep or awake.  Probably the worst nights sleep I&#039;ve ever not had.  On top of this, I also suffer from depression. If you do, DON&#039;T take this drug. The next day all my work colleagues kept asking me why I was so sad.  I know you are supposed to take it for a few days.  I can&#039;t take that risk.  I&#039;ll just buy ambien if I have to.  I&#039;ve been taking it for 10 plus years and have never had any side effects  just good night&#039;s sleep.  I can&#039;t believe how depressed I&#039;m still feeling. "
"I was prescribed Levaquin for a sinus infection-on the up-side, the sinus infection is gone. But after taking the second dose, I started itching all over esp. my face "
"Never felt better or so fat. This is just the same as Abilify. That drug made me fat, too. I don&#039;t recommend this drug to anyone."
"Took it for six months and nothing cleared up and I had an especially red spot on my nose. I stopped taking the pill and the red spot went away. A few weeks later I started taking it again and the red spot came back. It doesn&#039;t work, only makes things worse"
"I&#039;ve been using this product for about 2 weeks and I have seen a LITTLE difference. But it does take time, and my doctor said it would get better before it gets worse. I&#039;m still holding out hope! My acne is pretty bad on my face. On my sides, my forehead, and my jawline. It is really bad. But I have faith in this product. Because my acne will not go away for anything! It is extremly stubborn. I&#039;m 18 so that may be part of the problem. I got this free with my isurance otherwise it would have be $380!! So, it better work. Only problem is it drys out my skin so I&#039;d recommend lotion!"
"Effexor helped me see the reality of my life when I couldn&#039;t. I took Zoloft for a while (up to 150mg) and I felt more numb than &quot;happy&quot;. When I switched to a family doctor from my psychiatrist, they recommended Effexor XR; I&#039;ve been taking 75 mg a day for the past four months and my life has done a complete 180. No depression, very little anxiety, and I finally have CONFIDENCE. I have more friends now than I ever did, a wonderful new relationship that I could never have foreseen myself happening, and I&#039;m performing really well academically. Best decision of my life was taking Effexor- I can immediately see a difference in my thought processes when I forget to take it for two days at a time."
"I was one of those people who could not even wear a T-shirt because of excessive underarm sweat. I would wear sweaters all through summer, and the sweat even went through them. It was awful. After the first night of Drysol, boom, not a drop of sweat. Now, about 6 months later, I only need to use it once every couple of weeks. This thing is a miracle product, and well worth the itching of one night before you fall asleep."
"While I enjoy not having a period and knowing I am protected from pregnancy without having to take a pill everyday I am having my Mirena removed Thursday. I have only had it 6.5 months and in that time I have had a constant dull back pain, uncontrollable acne and I have also gained 25 pounds. Mirena is just not for me."
"I have suffered with right lower back pain for many years. I have taken Flexeril, Ibuprofen800, Percocet all of which dulled the pain or put me to sleep. My doctor put me on Naprelan and after two doses I am almost completely free of back pain."
"This was my third colonoscopy, but the first time I received propofol. I didn&#039;t experience any pain at the IV site, I drifted off to sleep immediately, and after approximately an hour in the recovery room I was discharged. Unlike the previous colonoscopies where I had to go home and &quot;sleep it off&quot;, I felt fine and alert after this procedure.
Now for the bad news. After I woke up I could recall feeling a &quot; tugging sensation&quot; in my abdomen, hearing conversation, and being aware of the procedure momentarily while it was going on. I didn&#039;t experience any pain. I would still give the drug a nine out of ten, although if I receive it again in the future I will tell the anesthetist about this experience."
"I suffer from depression and also have Type 1 diabetes. I wanted to try this medication and quickly noticed a difference in mild pain in my legs. I take good care of my my diabetes, have had it for 25 years and have been in a nationwide study for 24 years.
As for depression, the Cymbalta seems to do nothing for me. I started on 60mgs, then increased to 90 and then 120mgs with no improvement ever since taking it. I&#039;d like to stay on a lower dosage of it for my mild leg pain but, desperately need something for the depression."
"This is a relatively gentle sleep aid.  Only time I ever had problems with it is when I accidentally put it in with my morning medications!"
"I just finished with my 5th injection in my left knee, can not walk today. Pain after injection was like having a scope done and walking on it immediately after.  Hoping to find some relief soon. Not looking good.."
"I am a 40 year  old  female. I have suffered  from  major  depressive disorder  for over 10 years. I have been on so so many antidepressants over the years. Recently, I stopped seeing my PDoc, and during my transition to finding a new one I had to go off prozac. I was being supplemented  with Bupropion, I was then only taking the bupropion. Since then I  have had the BEST sex of my life. I have more energy  than I have had in years. This was a pleasant coincidence that I stumbled into. I have noticed that reading  other blogs, men do not have the same experience as women in general, and will probably  be disappointed  if going on this medication for increased  libido. It does do wonders for a good all around mood though."
"Xyrem has changed my life.  For the first time, I can awaken from sleep feeling refreshed.  For the first time, I can achieve a deep sleep.  The quality of sleep that I get while on Xyrem is a miracle.  Before Xyrem, I used to sleep extremely light all night long, while waking dozens of times and tossing and turning.  Between constant REM (dreaming) and spurts of very light sleep, I was so exhausted in the morning and I could barely function during the day.  Also, I had a hard time with falling to sleep at night.  And trying to maintain a set sleep schedule was nearly impossible."
"Paxil has changed my life for the better.  My PCP switched me to Paxil after trying Zoloft first.  Zoloft didn&#039;t help my anxiety and I still needed to take Xanax.  I had immediate relief the first day on Paxil and haven&#039;t needed Xanax at all.  And my hot flashes are gone.  Life is beautiful!"
"It is a very effective medicine if taken with full precautions and complete dosage as prescribed by the doctor. I am feeling well within 24 hrs but will continue the dosage for 2 more days to complete the cycle."
"I am prescribed this for chronic neck/shoulder pain. My doctor gave me this instead of a straight narcotic, Tramadol 50mg tabs 2 or as needed 3 x a day.
I also take Lexapro 25mg 1xday. Just using Lexapro erased my depression symptoms, after starting tramadol. I find I am hugely motivated at work, I have a fairly physical job and it can be draining but with this not only is the pain controlled my mood is &quot;Mr. work&quot;. It really makes me more productive and happy able to get up in the morning without the hangover of Percocet. Much more alert and able to tackle heavy work that guys 15 years younger whine about.
Highly recommended."
"This is an amazing birth control pill. I have been on this pill for two months now and I love it.  I didn&#039;t gain any weight.  Because I have a balanced diet and also exercise twice a week. Try relaxing perhaps and believe in it that is the key girls!"
"I had a similar experience.  I had persistent back pain that muscle relaxers did nothing for.  I started taking Bextra and the pain was gone in a day."
"I think it works. Yes it does clear up the bacterial vaginitis. However I have terrible back pain. Joint pains, headache, awful taste in mouth. Been 5 days on metronidazole for the first time and these side effects mostly have me in bed. I am 18 and anemic. I like the fact that I smell better already. Hate that each day if taking this medicine, feels like the first day of my period. Except that I am not having my period.. Good thing its only a few days 2 to go."
"The Paraguard is HANDS DOWN, THE BEST METHOD OF BIRTH CONTROL! I had a lot of trial and error finding the right kind of birth control for me. I&#039;ve tried Plls, the Depo Shot and The Implanon. They always had some kind of bad side effect on me from weight gain to acne to migraines. I just wanted something all natural that would get the job done. I decided to give The Paraguard a try even though I didn&#039;t like the fact of something being inserted in my uterus. It&#039;s done an amazing job. Insertion and removal were quick and almost painless with some mild cramping. Periods were light and maintainable. I couldnt &quot;feel&quot; it either. Now I&#039;m ready to have my first baby but it&#039;s going right back in afterwards!"
"I have had trouble falling asleep for years. Prosom works well for me. My doctor wanted me to start alternating so I do not build up a tolerance so last night I tried 15mg of belsomra . In my opinion it is NOT for the people who cannot FALL asleep. I felt very tired(a natural tired, yawning like crazy) my body wanted to fall asleep but as usual my brain was not having it. After 1 1/2 hours of laying trying to    fall asleep, I took the one last xanex I had and fell asleep 20 minutes later. I did however sleep soundly and wanted to sleep longer when I woke to my alarm. I had no side effects but I do feel tired starting my work day but the tiredness is wearing off. This may be worth a try for people who cant stay asleep."
"I have no known side effects, Asacol changed my life."
"It help me a lot- skin infection cleared in one week. I had no problems with headache or dizziness."
"I started on this 2 months after asking my Dr to prescribe bcp. I had the pills but was too nervous to take them bc being of Caribbean descent I am not used to taking all kinds of chemical based medication I am so used to healthy diet and such but birth control is birth control I needed something. So I took Junel Fe and at first I thought it was great. I felt more calm than normal, more organized. More relaxed. that turned into outright fatigue and tiredness after the 3rd day on it I was sleeping all the time. Then 5 days into it I developed a terrible yeast infection type rash on my inner thighs. That was the final straw. It was disgusting. I had an itchy rash and couldn&#039;t stay awake. I stopped after a week and a half. Not for me."
"I was a HUGE skeptic but my lack of libido was threatening my marriage. I love my husband enough to give it a go. Within 3 weeks I was astonished. I forgot, literally forgot what it felt like to get horny and only started to remember after Addyi! This medication works!!!!! I now am convinced I had hypo active sexual desire. Despite loving my husband I dreaded sex. Now I enjoy it again and feel the desire that was so lacking. I am a big fan of this medication. I highly recommend it. It&#039;s worth a shot if it works as well for you as its working for me."
"I have been on Paxil for 5 years now.
It has done wonders up until I had a baby a year ago and I just don&#039;t think it&#039;s working anymore. The only thing I hate about this drug is weight gain but other than that it has been a life saver for me and I would recommend it to anyone."
"I have always had facial hair but after my menopause started prematurely the hair growth became very much like a man&#039;s. I would pluck at least 2 times a week and each session would last 2 hrs.  I started using Vaniqa 2 weeks ago. I plucked whole face the same day and 2 weeks later I have only just had a few small areas that have needed plucking today which is the first time and even those hairs are fairly soft and finer.  I love Vaniqa and feel like its changed my life!"
"I appeared to have a kidney infection because of the pain. Dr gave me metronidazole but the side effects were horrible - I thought I was having a heart attack from the pain/pressure.  Amoxicillin was tried but 3 weeks later little better.  When I ran out of Amoxicillin within 24 hours I was in horrible pain again and went to the ER.  Like others the Dr said everything is GREAT, you can go home.  No way I feel like crap so he did a CT.  The CT showed diverticulitis.  Vindicated!  But then he prescribed Cipro and metronidazole.  I&#039;d taken Cipro last year and it destroyed my knees...I was on crutches for months.  Trying just the metronidazole, still feel crappy, but pain is going away.  Why not Augmentin?"
"I just got my first IUD put in Mar 17/15 and the insertion was pain free because I was frozen but afterword&rsquo;s was quit painful. I&#039;m 40 with no children. Pain went away after about 6 hours. 1st week I had no spotting but cramps every day. 2nd week got my period, it was a little more painful then normal but then again I have endo so they are always painful and heavy, lasted regular 10 days. Now going into week 5 no bleeding but am still getting cramps every day. I haven&rsquo;t noticed any mood changes. Hoping the cramping goes away soon. Thanks god for Advil! For the first 2 week I lived in track pants as I couldn&rsquo;t wear anything tight because it would bring on the cramps. Happy so far as I hated taken the pill so hoping month 2 things get better."
"I got psoriasis in March after a strep infection. I probably had 1,000 spots on my legs, a few spots on my scalp and arms and chest, but my legs were horrible. My doctor gave me some samples of Clobex spray and after 1 week my Psoriasis is 80% gone. He said I need to go in a mega tan bed for 15 minutes and take 8,000 IU of Vitamin D3 and take zinc, so doing all that I am so thrilled with the results. I would recommend Clobex to anyone - pricey but so worth it."
"I was diagnosed for the 1st time at the ER after a CT scan. Cipro 2x and flagll 3x per day were prescribed. I can&#039;t feel any pain b/c I&#039;m too focused on the nausea, dizziness, bloating, gas and diarrhea. Day 2- I had an important meeting to attend (that I could not miss), the metallic taste was awful and the smells when I walked in the room made the nausea unbearable. Out of desperation I popped 2 pieces men tos spearmint gum in my mouth and sucked on them and within minutes felt so much better. The mint soothed my stomach and I was functioning.  I went on to another meeting thereafter and did just fine. Thereafter, I tried peppermint candy but it didn&#039;t have the same effect. I&#039;m on a clear liquid diet too which doesn&#039;t help"
"The simplicty of use and rapidity of action make my life on the road so much simpler. I have a job that forces me to be on the road and eating out a lot. This stuff is amazing. Less swings if my new Dexcom is to be trusted. I might daily or twice a day basal another go and see if I could loss the pump. From my early tests precise dosing less critical."
"Start losing weight about 5 - 7 pounds a week. I have lost 52 pounds since started 9 weeks ago. Working great!"
"I have been taking 30mg of Vyvanse for one week now. It works great. The first day I could really feel the amphetamine and found it too strong and unpleasant but on day 2 I did not feel bad from it. It lasts long, probably 12-14 hours and is very smooth. The crash is relatively mild.
Previously I have been on dexamphetamine IR 3x10mg/day for one month which worked really well, but I wanted something that is sustained released. Before that I was on Ritalin IR and LA for over 15 years. The Methylphenidate just did not work as well as it used to and I found the side effects more and more unpleasant. 
I can really recommend Vyvanse so far. I am really calm from it and can focus very well on tasks. It also has less cardiac side effects than others."
"I started this medicine two days ago. It was working great. I was alert and my wife was enthused that I was able to have conversation with her. The second day my face got a rash and was swelling. I ended up in the ER. Truly upset because think it would have done great if weren&#039;t for side effects"
"It hit me hard. Insomnia. Bad dreams. Dilated pupils. Brain fog and headache. Freaky hungry but I countered with Tumeric Golden Tea to up my insulin resistance. I took 2 days. I was Tripppping..."
"Was put on this to help me sleep with my restless leg syndrome it works fairly well, but there&#039;s another drug I want to take, that I shouldn&#039;t take with it. so I am looking for a replacement drug"
"I have been on Lisinopril for 12 days now. It has not worked at all with lowering my blood pressure and I have a horrible dry cough to the point I have side pain from coughing so much and also has caused incontinence. Also have terrible cramps in feet and toes. My doctor has taken me off of it."
"I started taking Repatha in Feb. of 2016.  It lowered my cholesterol considerably at the beginning but started experiencing pain in my legs, hips, back and shoulders right after taking it but did not tie it to the Repatha at first.  I gave myself an injection in the leg in August and had a large swelling at the site of the injection.  It went down in 4 days, but the pain in my body became severe to the point I could not walk many days.  My muscles and tendons became very swollen.  I called the number listed on the Repatha prescription insert a total of 4 times the pain was so bad.  The Repatha reps were no help and told me to talk to my doctor.  I finally ended up in the E.R. and then had an aneurysm 3 days ago.  I blame it on Repatha!"
"I have been in many situations but once my company went bankrupt and the bills started piling up I began to have such severe anxiety attacks that I have lost my vision. Had numbing in my lips and trouble sleeping. I take 0.5 mg when I notice my anxiety coming on. Take 1 mg before I go to bed, helps me relax enough to sleep naturally without being tired the next day. I started taking some supplements and exercising and noticed that I need less and less throughout the day. "
"I have never been so aware of my vagina. I inserted the single dose and went to sleep. You know you&#039;re in trouble when you have an itchy vagina in your dreams. I woke up to a vagina in agony. This stuff has made made the itching from my infection worse! My vulva is cherry red and inflamed. I couldn&#039;t go back to sleep and applied an ice pack. Then when the fires of hell went to an cool sizzle I slathered on hydrocortisone cream.  The next morning I made a bee line to CVS for maximum strength feminine anti itch wipes and made a panty liner with them. Sweet relief. After all this torture I hope it cures my infection. They should market this as a torture device. Women would sing like canaries."
"Definitely not a fan. After being on it a full month I&#039;ve experienced EXTREMELY low sex drive. This is coming from someone who typically enjoys sex. Now I view it more as a chore. Low energy, low mood. Headaches... the only thing that it did prevent was pregnancy! But I&#039;m pretty sure it does that by making you never want to have sex in the first place."
"Life saver! I feel that I was possibly depressed for maybe a decade or less, but soon after my father passed away about two years ago- I hit rock bottom. I was EXTREMELY depressed. I just couldn&#039;t function emotionally, physically, etc. I would sleep all the time. I just overall felt like life was not exciting anymore and that I lost my sense of identity or having a purpose! Not only did my fathers passing cause me to become more depressed, but lots of other MAJOR traumatic stressors hit me all at once too. So, I had and still have a lot going on. BUT since I have been taking Prozac (only 10mg)- I am alive again and HAPPY! I just feel normal. I don&#039;t cry anymore. I feel amazing. Oh and no side effects at all! Just happiness."
"It works."
"I have lost 18lb but the side effects r:  severe groin pain - severe leg cramps- muscle spasms - blurred vision- chest pains- unable to sleep good- cannot walk right- shoulder bone aches - I thought it was due to age- but its not!  Even though I have lost weight its not worth feeling the way I feel!  I&#039;m not going to take this med any longer!  I have taken 2 other weight loss meds that did not work - this med worked but the side effects r horrible!  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!"
"Barely took the edge off of my anxiety AND made me severely depressed. After a week of trying to consult a doctor about the depression I gave up and quit cold turkey. The withdrawal symptoms were bad. Never again."
"Gleevec has been a miracle drug for me, the side effects are minimal when you consider the outcome, if you don&#039;t take it. Thanks very much to the inventer of this medication."
"I use to run off stage or start crying on stage due to extreme fear of public speaking. My voice trembled so terribly that my nickname was baa baa sheep. I suffered from this phobia for over thirty years and I took propanolol for the first time and I was a stunner during my presentation. Thank you to whoever created this medication."
"Very effective with no side effects."
"Started Topirimate 50mg today for one week then go on to 100mg next week for migraine prevention but also to help loose weight! Reading the stories on here I&#039;m feeling hopeful and will let you know how it goes!! XO"
"I was very scared about all the side effects of birth control. However, I recently got married and we had used abstinence during our year and a half of dating and I needed a birth control for after we got married and this is what I was given. I am going on my 4th month now and have experienced none of the side effects. I eat healthy and live an active lifestyle and don&#039;t ever workout and I haven&#039;t gained any weight. I had mood swings before I got on any birth control usually right before my period and that is kind of the regular for me even with this pill. My skin is a lot clearer. My boobs did get bigger for a little while there. My periods are either light or non existent. I take this pill every night at 10 so I don&#039;t experience nausea as I&#039;m asleep."
"Before Latuda, I had become scared. thought everyone was lying to me. I had become violent, screaming, crying for long periods, sitting in the dark for hours, staying home. I started on 40mg daily. I noticed within 2 days I was thinking clearer and feeling less anxious. I was still having &quot;meltdowns&quot; about every three days, so we went to 80mg six weeks ago. I have been much happier, more productive and sleeping better. I take it at night. The worst side effect I had was swelling around my ankles. But that went away. I&#039;m losing weight. No longer eat in my sleep. It hasn&#039;t fixed all, but it has me on the right track to trying to get well. Before Latuda, I didn&#039;t care about getting well. I Hope and pray it keeps working."
"Wonderful drug!  Now available in Generic so doesn&#039;t cost an arm and a leg.  I have severe disc and arthritic problems in my neck with severe muscle spasms and this really helps. At first when starting this medication it can cause a serious dopey feeling but this can be eased by gradually increasing the dose until benefits are produced.  I am on 4mg 3 x a day and allowed to use 8 mg 3 x a day if my muscles are extremely spastic.  Do not drive when taking this medication until you understand its effects."
"Did the Suprep last night. Used a straw and plugged nose and took sips of plain water periodically during the course of drinking the  prep.  Popped mint gum in my mouth right after. No nausea at all. Took 7 minutes.  If you are not used to drinking that volume of water you might want to start practicing a few weeks earlier. My work out trainer always has us drinking approx 120 ounces of water throughout the day so the volume was no problem. At the doctors office today a nurse was telling someone it&#039;s not the taste (slight grape) , it&#039;s the liquid volume that makes folks nauseous. It worked really great and was a much better / more efficient experience than the miralax."
"I have had pain in my left leg and various other places on the body for years and when I was prescribed this medication, it was gone the next day.  I had more energy, pain was gone, felt better in the mornings and lost any depression I had."
"Ask for a different medication. I used one bottle and mixed with water, then 32 oz of water. Threw up 3 times. I am dreading the fact that I still have another bottle I have to drink in the morning before my appointment. I have had two of these appointments previously and never got this sick on the prep! It is the most horrible disgusting thing I have ever drank in my entire life!"
"Hello

Let me 1st say that I only gave it a 5 because its only been 4 days since I started the medication so I am still in the stage on taking only 1 per day. I have had zero side effects and I am grateful for it. I will admit to praying before I took the medications because I am determined to get this weight off. I have envision myself at a certain weight and that is where I will be. I also have had 3 drinks (wine) since I started and no effects there either. I have also craved coffee but just haven&#039;t gotten any yet. I went from being a everyday drinker 4 years ago to occasional. I just got off the scale (something is said I wouldn&#039;t do) and I am down 5lbs in just 4 days, stay hydrated! and let this thing work for you! I wish you all well."
"This gets a 1 is because I&#039;m not pregnant. What an evil, dangerous, terror stick!

I had it inserted Oct 2015 and have bled every day since (apart from 4 glorious days), never had acne before but I sure do now. I haven&#039;t gained weight, but that&#039;s because I haven&#039;t had an apatite at all and have had to force myself to eat most days. 

New symptoms cropped up as the months went on: nausea, fatigue, incapacitating back pain, breast pain, stomach cramps, headaches, dizziness, brain fog, irritability and general over-sensitivity.

But the worst part is how I seem to have become a depressed, raging lunatic. My thoughts and mood are just scary. 

Removing this evil thing tomorrow, just in time as I thought the culprit was my job and nearly quit."
"I had a HORRIBLE allergic reaction to the ear drops! The medication made my look like I had a chemical burn on the right side of my face and blister like on my ear. The itching was immune to Benadryl and I am hoping my face will heal soon."
"I hate this medication because it hasn&#039;t helped any of my joints or nerve pain. The only positive side is it helped my IBS and I don&#039;t get stomach attacks anymore. I still have so bad joint and muscle pain all the time, I take 75 mg twice a day and nothing  seems to do the trick. I hate the side effects I get a real bad headache too."
"10 out of 10 for controlling the colitis and getting the healing process going, but 0 out of 10 for the side effects. Thus, a 5/10 average. Been on prednisone for about 4 months at a variety of doses (40mg to start, then 30, 20, 15, 10, 5). Has alleviated many of the colitis symptoms and allowed for semi-normal bathroom habits. Used in conjunction with mesalamine, canasa, and vancomycin for a stubborn C-diff infection. Side effects: Stimulant effects at first (like too much coffee), elevated mood and MASSIVE appetite, puffy face. During the taper process: insomnia, anxiety, depression, rapid heart beat. NOT FUN. "
"I have been using thiothixene for over 35 years.The only time I had a problem was when my doctor took me off it. He put me back on and it has been clear sailing ever since. It has changed my life for the better. I take 2 mg at bedtime."
"I was prescribed .05 mg twice a day (half a .1 mg tablet in a.m. and p.m.) for night sweats associated with early perimenopause. It worked perfectly with no side effects and I could again sleep through the nights. I took clonidine for approximately 9 months then went off the medication for 3 years. This year the night sweats came back and I&#039;ve resumed taking the same dose of clonidine with the same wonderful results. It is a minimally invasive solution for a very disruptive problem."
"Opana ER is the 1st ER medication that I&#039;ve tried that actually works for an extended period of time. And I&#039;ve had to try many for my severe back and neck injuries. One 20mg pill will last at least 8 hrs, and I work long 16 hr days so that&#039;s a very good thing. I highly recommend it for people with severe problems/injuries. I definitely wouldn&#039;t recommend it for just mild to moderate pain problems or acute problems. Most ideal for people with chronic severe injuries who also work a lot."
"I was initially on Yaz for about 6 years then stopped because I was getting migraines. The whole 6 years my skin was flawless. I quit taking it Jan 2015 and it is now Aug 2015. My skin is unbearable I don&#039;t even recognize myself. I got back on Gianvi (generic Yaz) and I&#039;m hoping it will work again. I&#039;m experiencing like 10-15 cysts at once and lowest self-esteem in my life. I can&#039;t tell if the birth control is going to help anytime soon. I am only on week 2 and losing hope."
"Awesome &ndash; back from the dead after only the 2nd day.
Great stuff"
"Viibryd is the only anti-depressant that really worked for me. I tried Prozac, Zoloft, Effexor. I&#039;ll never know if those 3 medicines didn&#039;t work but the effect was subtle at best. Viibryd&#039;s impact was unambiguous. So much so that after the 3rd week I felt that 30 mg would be sufficient. My Doctor advised me to go ahead and take 40 mg and that is my current dosage. Note that I was diagnosed with co-occurring anxiety and the action of Viibryd is such that it is a very effective anti-anxiety medication, at least for me. Note that some people report an increase in anxiety with Viibryd at higher dosages."
"Great. No cramping. Periods every 3 months until this last 6 months have been monthly. Insertion painless but since I don&#039;t have insurance its expensive to have it removed and have a new one."
"Victoza has been great for me. My numbers are 88 to 125 consistently. The first couple weeks were a little rough with the side effects but my body has adjusted the last 2 weeks. I am eating normal meals, snacking a little more and sleeping better. My A1c was 8.3 in June, gets checked again in November. Based on my blood sugar testing, I expect my A1c to be below 7. Thank you Victoza!!!"
"I take 4mg at night and feel terrific in the morning!  Some nausea at bedtime, but totally worth it to have a good night sleep.  I also take Viibyrd.  I have noticed a significant amount of weight loss too.  I have lost over 48 pounds in four months time.  I&#039;m happy, very focused and feel well rested.  My depression has faded as the weeks go by.  I&#039;m glad the DR. felt comfortable putting me on Minipress. I was taking so may pills that had me in a continuous circle.  Now I&#039;m on two medications and they are working wonderful together!  It sure beats 7 different medications working against each other."
"For short term treatment of obesity there is no doubt this is hands down the best thing on the market. "
"Relaxed me emotionally to releave stress of both positive &amp; negitive kinds. From happy (smiling) to sad (frowning) relieving the stress from facial muscles! A must have with this injury from my experience."
"Modafinil did not work for me at all. If you want to try it look for coupons online  the cost was $800.00 and I got it for $94.00."
"My first anti-depressant/anxiety. Removed any anxiety 95 times out of 100 but at the cost of no emotions within your daily life, basically a rock."
"My son is sick with Influenza B. Last night his fever skyrocketed above 104, he vomited, wouldn&#039;t move, eat, or talk, I was terrified. I called the doctor and he recommended Children&#039;s Ibuprofen. Within an hour of taking it he was asleep, I give it every 6 hours and today he is 100 percent better, playing and even eating. I can&#039;t believe how well it works!"
"I suffered with chronic pain for 10 years. Used fentynal pain patches and codeine number 4. Did very well until the heat and my hormones made the patch secrete crazy ways, making me sick for about 9 months. I wanted off these patches and was referred to great doctors, and started the Subutex 8 mg and have been a new person since it began. I did have to increase one half pill after about 6 months, does your body get used to the Subutex, or is my body changing? I&#039;m also menopausal, depressed and Subutex seems to help with these issues also.  "
"Combined with ibuprophen, my pain is lessened enough to carry on household chores and to pursue my hobbies."
"First I&#039;d like to say that different meds are for different people so just because you have a bad experience doesn&#039;t mean it&#039;s not the perfect med for the next person.
Personally, I love Jolivette, it has done wonders for my depression ... Great non estrogen birth control pills for me. I will say that the lack of periods is odd but I feel better than ever."
"Reading some of these reviews makes me wonder how much of a chance they gave the medication. 
I&#039;ve had &#039;vascular&#039; migraines since I was 13. I&#039;m 35 today. I take Excedrin migraine for my headaches. I take Imitrex for my migraines. Used to be hard to tell the difference. I understand now the difference. But before I found Imitrex, I took all kinds of &#039;prevention&#039; meds. Amitriptyline, nortriptyline, Zoloft, more than I can remember. Never prevented a darn thing. Just ended up with side effects from those. As a teen, that meant acne and weight gain. Aka, hell. 
It&#039;s been years now since I&#039;ve found Imitrex. And like many, I was worried about trying it. But there came a day I couldn&#039;t NOT try it. 20 minutes later, I kicked myself for waiting."
"Everybody body reacts different to certain things so for my personal experience I don&#039;t have a problem with it so far. I got the nexplanon late November before thanksgiving and I haven&#039;t gotten my period the next month only side affects I&#039;ve been having is cramps just on and off and sometimes I feel this sharp pain in my back here and there or a headache which I don&#039;t get anymore. Cramps are not that bad don&#039;t happen everyday but pain wise it hurt,the sharp pain in my back hurts but doesn&#039;t happen everyday otherwise its pretty cool I haven&#039;t really experienced so much so far because I only had it in for almost 2 months"
"Ecellent medication for depression, although weight gain can be a problem. I have found it to be the only medicine that can assist me with little or no side effects. Been on it for two years."
"Personally I didn&#039;t have any issues with this birth control pill,  actually the only brand that I would prefer now, after testing out some other brands. I was on the pill for 3-5 months and didn&#039;t get pregnant. My periods came regularly during the sugar cycle. After taking 2-3 sugar pills, my light periods, compared to my heavy periods when I wasn&#039;t on the pill, would last 3-4 days until I would be back on my active pill. The only negative outcome would have been the small emotional outbreaks that I had, of me crying over the stupidest things. As well as, for me, during intercourse, my vagina seemed to be very abnormally dry, that was no fun."
"November 18 I got my period and on Dec 3-4th my boyfriend and I hadn&#039;t use protection and I was a little worried because the days happen to fall right smack in my mid-cycle. We use contraceptive but I guess the heat of the moment caught us off guard. On Dec 5th at 8pm I took the Plan B pill. I did experience some cramping and mild nausea, after taking the pill but nothing unbearable. I waited for my period and on Dec 16th... I got it! It was right on time. I am very please with this product."
"I went on for acne, and I&#039;m not really sure if it ultimately helped with that since I began Accutane a few months later. However, I didn&#039;t notice any changes in my mood, weight gain, cramping. I had irregular periods before, so it was nice to finally have them on a schedule. On Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, my periods lasted for approximately 6 days but after the first 2-3 days it was light. I ultimately decided to stop because I think it may be affecting my sex life. "
"While I&#039;m sure this pill prevents pregnancy, I stopped taking it two days ago because a week into my first pack I started bleeding heavily. Was almost done with the 2nd week and it has yet to stop. I also developed what seems like a yeast infection but worse! I can usually treat a yeast infection in a couple days with garlic clove and plain yogurt no problem but I&#039;m still in hell thanks to Tarina Fe."
"After spinal surgery I was having shock life pain and tingling in my hands and feet all the time. After about a month on Lyrica that pain had calmed down and I was sleeping much better. I do feel somewhat sleepy when I take it but nothing too out of control. I hope I can cut it out in a few months as I hate to be in any medication very long."
"I love this product. The first day I felt the tingling I went to go buy the product and by the morning I had no itching, tingling or much of anything. They were really small. By the third day they were pretty much gone. No one noticed I ever had it."
"I&#039;ve been on LoSeasonique for about a year and a half. I love it. I had no major weight gain (that I can tell), hair is still thick, and when I do have a period it&#039;s very light and cramping is less severe. However, my body seems determined to have a monthly period so occasionally I have to stop for a week and allow my body to have a period to stop the spotting. I highly recommend it, however, everyone&#039;s body reacts differently to birth control so make sure you ask your doctor before making your decision. Hope this helps."
"I felt better within a few says of starting Citalopram. I felt good for the first few months of taking it. It was difficult to orgasm but I had no other complaints. About 4 months after starting it I developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (at 32). The IBS improved the day I stopped taking Citalopram but I still have it 7 months later. 
"
"A prev smoker,I started on Advair 500 twice daily in 2010 after almost dying from being unable to breathe at all. After no serious improvement &amp; being unable to hardly walk, I went on spiriva in April this year..Almost immed results..a HOME RUN!!! I now can walk at fairly good pace &amp; for reasonable distance.I also continue on with Advair 500 morning/night..

Finally, I am living almost normal life...and NO EFFECTS!!"
"I was on this pill for 3 years and absolutely loved it. I had no negative side affects during this time.  My pharmacy stopped providing this pill around July 2015 and I was switched to something else until September 2015 when I was told Lo Loestrin was available again.  I immediately gained 10 pounds (I ran daily and ate healthy) and started to develop hives off and on for the next 4 months.  I ended up gaining 35 pounds over an 8 month duration due to the change in the chemical makeup of the pill that occurred in the fall of 2015.  Be wary if you have any sort of hypersensitivity to hormones as I do."
"After a couple of days of taking it twice a day I started crying all the time and everything got worse. I called the Dr and they said stop taking it."
"I started taking Yasmin after experiencing low moods on a previous pill.  However, I found Yasmin caused me to experience migraines during the week before my periods and also during the week I was having my period.  I also experienced very low and tearful moods which caused arguments with my boyfriend.  None of these aspects improved after a few months and I then had to change to another birth control pill."
"Doctor prescribed me Remeron, I&#039;ve been taking 15mg for about a month now. I&#039;ve noticed an increase in hunger and I get great sleep with this medication. However it hasn&#039;t helped with my anxiety attacks or depression. I also noticed that I&#039;m becoming more and more forgetful, often find myself staring at nothing in a daze, and hard to articulate what I&#039;m thinking or feeling."
"It has an opiod effect.  I forget words I&#039;ve know all my life.
I am more fatigued.  My doctor prescribed it for me &quot;because&quot;.
I haven&#039;t noticed any effect.  Coming off the drug, my foot and upper leg get shaky.  It is also a very expensive drug."
"Started in 2005 with a low dose 50 mg once daily in evening time with no regard to food. It has done a miracle in my case I am virtually 100 % seizure free. No noticeable side effects in my case except dreams in 1st week, as I remember when I started 11 years ago. In 2011 I stopped taking it as I thought I don&#039;t need it any more but I had a fit again very soon, so I started again immediately. In 2012, I tried to be over smart and reduced its dose to 25 mg 1 OD, but soon afterwards I had another episode though it was less intense and I controlled myself. Since then I never thought again to discontinue or reduced its dose, I take it each day every day religiously honestly without a break like my breakfast every morning."
"I started with the the sample in may 2016 I&#039;m on my 5th week on it at 3.0. Until now I didn&#039;t lose weight at all but I did lost my appetite.  I have PCOs that I control with metformin and pre diabetes that I control with diet and exercise. Right now I am having a pretty severe side effect as I am tired all the time and my period stopped. In the beginning I had nausea, vomiting, dizziness slow digestion and sensation that something is in my throat at all times. Going for a doctor appointment soon to assess if it&#039;s  worth to keep using it."
"The best working medicine for my Gout.  Pain reduced 95% within the first hour.  I&#039;ve tried steroid packs and other medicines but this works and works fast.  No side effects for me but I follow directions and usually have some food in my stomach before taking."
"This medicine made me confused, slur my words, exhausted. I was basically living in a fog for over five years. No amount of sleep helped, I needed to take a nap every day and would still be tired when I woke up. I had difficulty thinking, repeated sentences, had anxiety attacks. This medication is only suppose to be given for a maximum of 2 weeks. It&#039;s highly addictive and the user develops a high tolerance. Long-term usage can result in brain damage and benzos are the most overly prescribed drug in the world. Withdrawal was horrible, but worth it! I got my life back after getting off of it and I don&#039;t have anxiety or seizures, changed my lifestyle, diet and exercise."
"It did the job of relieving my sore throat and massive headache. The bad thing is that I felt like a drugged up zombie the entire night. Had to call out of work cause of the insomnia :("
"Great for getting uninterrupted sleep....no groggy feeling in the morning. However, tolerance to medicine is pretty quick,  therefore it has not proven to be the BEST remedies."
"I&#039;ve been taking Hydrocodone APAP 5-500 for 2 months now.  It works for me. I only take one tablet at night to help me sleep. I was operated on cubital tunnel syndrome. It helped me a lot."
"Terrible leg and knee pain , the drug worked great in reducing my bad numbers but the pain is not worth the results"
"I had the Mirena inserted in December 2007 and I my periods are the same. I have one on a monthly basis lasting about 5 days. The Mirena is a good option however, I have experienced hair loss and I am sometimes moody and my sex drive has decreased. I am not sure if the Mirena has something to do with that or not but I am sure going to ask my doctor."
"Never take this for an UTI. I&#039;ve been having recurrent UTI&#039;s every month on my period. I usually take an over the counter drug called Uricalm (works wonders) but this recent time the pain was really bad. After going to the doctor listing my symptoms of an UTI, they gave me this drug for 3 days. First day I felt a tad nauseous with chills and hot and cold flashes. Second day I feel so sick to my stomach, and extreme loss of appetite. I&#039;m not finishing these two pills I have left, they make it worse than it already is. If I could rate lower, I would"
"I have suffered with migraines for 15 yrs. sometimes for days straight, sometimes 2-3 per week. Have been on amitriptyline for 10 months now at 10mg and my migraines have improved by about 95%. I still get the odd one only now they are silent migraines which is tolerable. Have gained 10 lbs that I needed so I am very happy with this medication."
"Omg! I bought the 7 day treatment and the instant burning and internal itching is unbearable. I am in so much pain right now. :( I&#039;m wondering if there&#039;s something majorly wrong with me that I am not aware of. This much pain and itching can&#039;t be normal."
"I started taking Generess Fe 5 weeks ago. I bled for the entire first month. It just didn&#039;t stop. Then I developed a stronger sensitivity to dairy products than I ever had before. The past 3 days have been unbearable. I haven&#039;t been able to keep anything down, I started sweating and nearly fainted a few times. I&#039;ve also thrown up 5 or more times. My mood swings have been really bad also. I have no idea if this does even help prevent pregnancy, as I needed a back up method for the first month. I&#039;m stopping this and making an appointment to see my doctor. There&#039;s no way I can live with constant gas pains and nausea and throwing up."
"I am no longer obese, but it looks like I will have to fight bulimia all my life. With ups and downs. It is not like I have not tried to work the roots of the problem, but extra help is needed now and then, as I can&#039;t eradicate it it seems. Tenuate has been a great support. I have used it sporadically, for moderate lengths of time. It has helped me so much when bulimia takes over, it lifts the dependency. Unfortunately it is no longer approved in Europe. I feel let down, and left to face my problems the hard way, again and again. "
"Luv it been on it 2 days now had an attack like an hour ago was in severe pain took one 20 mg worked in 30 min its a life saver for me!"
"I too had my gallbladder out 15 years ago and immediately following removal gained 30lbs in three months and had constant loose bowels (dumping syndrome). My doctor had told me the weight gain was because I was now able to eat.  His comment annoyed me. It just wasn&#039;t true. I knew it had to be something more than that. I had never been over weight before and my digestion just seemed so out of wack.   I stayed away from the doctor and tried my own things. Diet, exercise...nothing worked. 10 years later I went to a new woman Dr. and she prescribed Cholestyramine.  It works great. I take it 1 x per day. What I do notice however, is it must be taken with a lot of water or I will get heartburn.  If I skip a dose my problem returns immediately."
"Yesterday I received my IUD. Before the IUD was placed I was given by my doctor pain pills. I experienced a little cramping and slight headache. 2nd day in and I feel amazing. IM glad I made this decision and I do recommend it."
"I got my nexplanon insert in December 2015- 5 months later and I wish I did not get it. I have crazy moods swings and get depressed for no reason. I have gained almost 10 pounds and workout 3-4 times a week. Although this form of contraceptive does its job of not getting you pregnant, I wish I researched more about the side effects. When I first got nexplanon I spotted for 2 months and after that I haven&#039;t had a period since the end of February. I do NOT recommend getting this insert!"
"Norvasc was given to me to treat migraine headaches. I am 28 years old.  I was having them as frequently as every other day.  I dealt with this for five years before being prescribed Norvasc.  After two months of taking a 5mg dosage, I can say I am a new person!"
"I&#039;ve had an extensive history with Pain meds. My whole fam literally has drug prob &amp; is addicted to alcohol. I was sober 11yrs back in 2001. I was 21. Since I married, we had a child &amp; moved cross country. When we moved I found out I had b ca. After being dx at 36, finding out I carry the gene, an 18 hr surgery to save my life, throw a PE 3 wks later my disease took over again.
I was put on Zub over 2 yrs ago. I thought this is a life saver! Now day 15 into detox I have never in my life had w/d this bad! I&#039;m 44, healthy now. I have awful restless leg, flat affect, emotional,
Fever/chills.. all for 11 Days now! I have never in my life been in w/d for this long! You think it&#039;s saving u, your switching an addiction for another one! No lie"
"I used to be an extremely bubbly, happy, and very sexual person. I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon for a little over a month and my weight has stayed almost the same (I went from 140-135). I&#039;m very active and generally up for anything.

After having the Nexplanon implanted I&#039;ve been miserable. I have at least 2/3 anxiety attacks weekly, I&#039;m moody, hateful, irritable and downright not myself. My poor boyfriend is trying to be a trooper but I can barely contain my own feelings :(

My sex drive is GONE whereas previously I was craving sex twice a day! I don&#039;t feel like myself. I had my period for 2 straight weeks after implantation and now I&#039;m bleeding very lighting continuously. I&#039;m giving it a couple more weeks before I call to have it removed :("
"I work in a call center and I was made aware of my hyperness and also that I was speaking way too fast to our customers on the phone. In reality I always knew I was a bit loud with my voice and with my actions. I was diagnosed with ADHD and placed on Vyvanse and to my surprise my world changed I am able to focus not just at work but in my life as well. I feel like every thing has been placed in order. Things make sence to me and I love the feeling. I am glad to have this medication in my life, and I don&#039;t see myself as ever going back to living the way I was."
"I&#039;ve been on Brintellix for about a week.  I didn&#039;t notice anything until yesterday when realized I felt happier, not manic... just normal happy. Less anxious and more sociable.  I&#039;m worried about the side effects, don&#039;t want it to backfire on me like Ability and Lamictal did.  Constipated but that is normal for me.  "
"Vistarip is VERY helpful for my PTSD, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and some of my depression coming from my anxiety. This medication for anxiety works wonders for me and I would definitely recommend using it. I use 50mg every 6 hrs during the day (3X daily) is the prescribed dosage.. It keeps me calm and collected without having so much  panic! It definitely relieves anxious tension!!! :)"
"I was given this medicine due to an ear infection.  After the first day I felt so much better.  The taste it leaves in my mouth is horrible though, and I am so tired!   I feel like I have not slept in days.   No feeling of sickness though."
"I&#039;ve only been on Lexapro (10mg) for 4 days and already I&#039;m a little worried. I am experiencing extreme dizziness and nausea to where I think I&#039;m going to pass out. The good news is I&#039;m not as depressed. The bad news? I&#039;m not exactly happy either. I am a complete zombie. I don&#039;t care about anything. I cannot concentrate. I find myself &quot;zoning out&quot; during the day, like I&#039;ve mentally checked out. The second night I took my medicines I had an anxiety attack as well, and my depression slammed me pretty hard. My suicidal thoughts were worse during the attack and I did some serious damage to myself. I&#039;m sure this works for some people, but I&#039;m going to give it a month and if there is no improvement with these side effects I&#039;m switching."
"I was prescribed Klonopin two weeks ago by my neurologist to help with migraines. My best friend was murdered a month ago and dealing with that stress has caused me to not be able to let my mind slow down enough to sleep which triggers migraine attacks. I find the Klonopin does help me sleep at night but I feel my mind racing with the stress of my friends death while I&#039;m awake so I&#039;m dealing with headaches still while I&#039;m awake."
"I&#039;ve had Paragard for 6 months now and it&#039;s great. I got off Seasonique, so it was an adjustment going back to periods every month, but worth it. (Plus, I started using one of those cups and it makes life so much easier for me!) Honestly, my main concern on the pill was that I had pretty much no desire for sex and everything &quot;down there&quot; felt so dried up. I wanted to get off hormones, too, for all those risks, but truly, sex was the main factor. Also worth it. :)

My gyno was really good. She had me take Misoprostol before hand and 800 mg ibuprofen. The insertion was quick but yes, painful. She had me keep taking the pills the next month, then did a follow up with ultrasound to check on things.

This is free now with insurance!"
"I was very surprised when I took this medicine. I took it at 9pm and by 9:30 I was in bed sleep. It a high power pill and I rested all night. It a good pill besides the fact that I woke up the next morning and barely could get up and get dressed for work because I was still sleepy for the pill. It finally wore off at about 10am. It helped me a lot. I was told by a friend to take it for pain and I&#039;m glad I got it."
"Alright 14 days to go thank goodness. Since my last comment so much has happened, still buzzing which is driving me crazy, joints aching, and now getting anxiety (panic) attacks something that I  have never had before, this freaks me out. I do have a lot of issues coming up from my time in juvenile detention 40yrs ago, so can&#039;t specifically place Epclusa as the cause but my lady reckons it is playing the major contributing factor. I&#039;ve had Hep C since I was 23 years old. I&#039;m now 54 I&#039;m hoping that these (side affects??) disappear along with this disease when I&#039;ve finished this course of meds.  I&#039;m hoping the best for everyone"
"Viibryd has changed my life I was so lost I had actually forgotten how it felt to smile and laugh . My only issue is due several injuries I have suffered and the cost of my doctor visits and other medications that I am taking it has been quite a financial hardship I wish this medication was lower priced ."
"I had used chewing tobacco for 30 years and wanted to quit, my Doctor prescribed Chantix, one thing he told me to do was to take the second daily dose in the afternoon rather than in the evening to help prevent strange dreams and I never did have any. Make sure you eat something before taking to prevent upset stomach. Chantix did make me feel paranoid and nervous and I did worry more than normal and I couldn&#039;t drink while on it, I had one drink after I had started it and the next day I had the worst hangover I had ever had, actually I haven&#039;t drank now since I quit Chantix since I no longer have a desire to do so. All in all I feel it is very effective."
"This is the best method for me! Regulates my period and I don&#039;t have severe menstrual cramps. It does come out sometimes during sex but you can leave it out up to 3 hours which is a plus. It&#039;s very effective!!!"
"I am 31 and have had acne for my whole adult life. Frustrated, I went to the dermatologist and she prescribed Doxycycline twice daily with a night time cream (Tetrinoin). You MUST take this medicine with food or else you will feel extremely nauseous. You can&#039;t take it with dairy or within 2 hours of a multi-vitamin. It has been about a month and I have noticed improvement in my skin, although maybe not as much as I would have hoped for."
"Honestly I haven&#039;t had a problem with this birth control other than irregular bleeding and prolonged bleeding.  I haven&#039;t had any other side effects (headaches, acne, etc.) except for a little bit of weight gain but I can use it because I&#039;m already really skinny.  I have had a great experience with this birth control except for the bleeding."
"I was given dosage of Bactrim for 10 days 2 times a day for a spider bite. Side effects were nausea, diarrhea, tiredness, loopy feeling, slight fever, and loss of appetite. I had a general feeling of malaise and &quot;blah&quot;. All I wanted to do was use the bathroom and sleep. I couldn&#039;t focus on anything at work.  I couldn&#039;t make myself finish it. I stopped after day 5. It didn&#039;t matter if I ate a bunch of food or drank a lot of water while taking it. I was running to the bathroom.  I have never had such bad side effects to any antibiotic.  If there are complications to the spider bite, I&#039;ll go back to the doctor for something else."
"Day 3 of medication and pretty much all BV Symptoms are gone. Thank god!! Hopefully I&#039;ll never need this again...once was enough! Fortunately, i did not experience horrible side effets...maybe just tiredness. I"
"I have had insomnia, anxiety and migraines since I was 7 years old (I&#039;m 47). I&#039;ve been taking 10mg every night for the past 7 months to prevent migraines and it has helped immensely. Migraines have virtually stopped (previously migraines were almost daily). Insomnia has gone - this was an unexpected positive side effect. Anxiety seems to have improved but this could be because of not being in pain and sleeping well. I don&#039;t seem to be suffering from any side effects and I&#039;m usually very sensitive to medication. Perhaps a little groggy in the morning like a normal person - coffee fixes it."
"I have always had anxiety ever since Iwas young but this past summer I was so bad I couldn&#039;t go anywhere or do anything. I was even at the point I didn&#039;t want to leave the house I was so depressed. I didn&#039;t know what I was going to do and I was ruining my daughters and husbands life so I went to the doctor and she put me on paxil 30 mg.  I didn&#039;t want to take it cause I  never take pills not even for a headache and was scared how it was going to make me feel. But I took it and it changed my life after about a month I could go places and enjoyed life again with God and my family&#039;s help I am doing so much better I still have some days I don&#039;t feel good but i don&#039;t let it get me down so if anyone is struggling with anxiety there is help out there"
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 6 years ago after a toxin exposure. I recently had some flare ups so bad the pins/needles were back in both arms and legs.  Finally they gave me Neurontin yesterday.  Other than really knocking me out it relieved 80-90% of my pain.  I did not take it this morning and am hoping by weekend to be on the 2x a day as doctor prescribed.  I had the first full nights sleep in over 3 years.  First time I could walk without pain in the morning.  Did anyone else get really tired when first taking this?"
"While I was in the Emergency Room the doctors diagonosis was that I had a blood clot in the right lung. I was given morphine, which didn&#039;t work, they then gave me Dilaudid and it was a wonderful pain reliever.  Thank you for the pharmaceutical advances that have been made to help me in my hours of pain."
"Great medication helps with bi-polar. If I had anything bad to say it would be that it makes you gain weight like crazy. However other then that I sleep better then I have in twenty some years. "
"I am on 2.4mg. The egg burps and diarrhea are constant. Tomorrow I go to 3mg. Hoping side effects subside"
"I have just  received my 4th Xolair shot. I get them every two weeks. While I do think the shot is making a difference I am also discovering I am having some common side affects. Apparently I am getting dehydrated and have some dizziness. Anyone else have side effects and how long did they last? I was so concerned with the possibility of an anaphylactic reaction I did not catch that I was experiencing common side effects."
"I was practically bedridden when I finally got diagnosed with fibromyalgia.  After prescribing all the usual medications, with no relief, Lyrica was added and gradually increased to my current level of 400mg/daily.

I was able to break the bed to sofa to bed routine and start moderate exercise.  While I am nowhere near my former physical self, the level of relief is remarkable.

I had some problems getting Lyrica because it was so expensive and I really suffered while I didn&#039;t have it.  Currently I am getting my prescription through the VA but we are moving and a new VA doctor may not be willing to jump through all the hoops necessary for me.  I know my current doctor had to fight for me."
"Xyrem gave me the ability to return to work with the use of stimulants during the day.  Stimulants alone would did not work."
"It works.  It wasn&#039;t the magic bullet for me (Wellbutrin was it for me) but I still take this in a 20mg dose to help with things.  Mainly still taking it because I was tapered down from 40mg which was giving me sexual side effects, while simultaneously upping the Wellbutrin, and have been stable ever sense so Dr just wants to let it be because it&#039;s working.  Going to ask for a reduction in this next time though as I feel that the Wellbutrin is most likely enough on its own at the high dose I am currently on (600mg).  This medicine is definitely worth trying and works for lots of people, just wasn&#039;t the end all be all for me personally."
"I inject in my stomach, have had nasal/congestion issues. I also have pressure behind my eyes and headaches in the first week. I have had extremely dry skin to my face (normally oily), not sure if associated with this med or not. Leg and toe cramps have been horrible!  Not sure the good will outweigh the bad.  Still waiting on insurance approval, so unsure of cost at this time."
"The 600 mg fenoprofen tablets helped with the rheumatoid arthritis pain in my hands and increased function of my fingers. I used the 600 mg tablets until my pharmacy was no longer able to obtain them.  The capsules caused severe stomach pain making me unable to take them.  I do not know the difference in the make up of the capsules and the tablets, but the tablets did not cause the stomach pain. I would like to be able to find the 600 mg tablets again."
"This medicine has helped significantly more than any other irritable bowel syndrome prescription I&#039;ve been on and it helps me lead the most normal life possible.  I&#039;m grateful that this has become available and at HALF the cost of my other medication."
"I have use this medication for over 10 years as need. It takes some time for your body to get use to it but it takes care of my migraines faster than anything I have taken. I do use over the counter medicines to control the headaches that are not as severe or when I can bear it. I works great for me. It lets me continue living without the pain while managing the headache at work or on the go."
"I&#039;m 17 and on 60 mg of Vyvanse. I weigh about 112 lbs. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s too high a dose, but ever since I got it increased from 50 to 60mg. I&#039;ve been feeling actually tired, which is a surprise to me because it&#039;s a stimulant. I&#039;ve also had more intense dizziness and headaches, and I had heart palpitations on the 50, but now they&#039;re more frequent, and chest pain, heart races, but I&#039;m able to focus a little better."
"After suffering with dyshidrotic eczema on my feet for more than a year, I finally went to a dermatologist and she gave me a sample tube of Topicort (desoximetasone) 0.05% ointment. After two applications, the intense itching stopped and the blisters started healing. Unfortunately, I have a high dedictible health plan and a tube of this (even generic) costs over $300 in my area (NC). My insurance also requires step therapy (despite that I have to pay so much out of pocket)."
"Never take this drug.  There are other alternatives.  I am on my 6th day and I have numbness in my hands, diarrhea, headaches, nausea, extreme fatigue and now I am breaking out in acne all over my body.  

Talk to your Dr about other alternatives.  This is horrible beyond explanation."
"I, have anxiety issues eversince my teenage years.
And I have noticed as I get older. My anxiety has gotten much worse. 
 I have went back into the USAR. As of 2009. And my MDD, Panic Disorder and GAD (Social Anxiety) has shpwn it&#039;s ugly horns.
 I have missed taking an airplane for Annual Training.
Or have had numerous Panic Attacks while at the range.
 I was on Paxil 60mg for 3 months. The brain zaps. Didnt help. But still had debilitating PA. 
 So I have been on Lexapro 20mg n Xanac 1mg. Have greatly helped. But still had racing thoughts. And couldn&#039;t goto sleep 
  So, for 5 days while being on 15mg Buspar. Taken at night before bed. Has greatly helped me. With sleep. 
  No harsh side effects. I take the lexapro, buspar, xanax. Everyday."
"I have been on Pristiq now for about 15 months. I started on 50mg, which only worked for part of the day, I had to be bumped up to 100mg. I can&#039;t remember any immediate side effects, apart from maybe a little headache and dilated pupils due to a sudden burst of energy. They give you a burst of adrenaline. Now the medication has well and truly settled into my system, my body and mind now rely on it for me to actually function. If I miss a morning pill, by mid afternoon I am grouchy, prone to mood swings, tired and sleepy. If I miss two days, I am severely tired, sad, prone to rage and severe swings of depression. I have severe photosensitivity if I miss a pill. I have tripled the freckles on my body, my eyes cannot deal with bright lights."
"I have had FM for 20yrs, been on morphine,anti depressants, Fentanyl patches - you name it I have tried it, but thank the lord for Lyrica which I started in March 2008. It has made my life worth getting up for in the morning. I can do things I was not able to do for so long. "
"I have been taking this for Idiopathic Small Fiber Sensory Neuropathy. Experienced chronic nerve and muscle pain shortly after a flu-like illness. Was diagnosed with late state neurological Lyme Disease by a naturopathic doctor. Neurologist disagreed and diagnosed me with idiopathic small fiber sensory neuropathy. After several MRIs, blood tests, antibiotics, muscle relaxers, gabapentin, a nerve conduction study, a spinal tap, acupuncture and massage therapy sessions, this medicine has helped the most and with the least amount of side effects. Started at 10mg and slowly increased to 60mg over a six week period. At 60mg into my eighth week, I sometimes feel underlying neuropathy. But I can function nearly as well as before the onset of all these problems. So far, so good."
"Do NOT use! Especially if you know that you are more sensitive to hormonal changes. I took this and literally an hour after I put it in I had a major rush of heat and felt like I had been hit with depression, anxiety and had a panic attack as a result. Everything felt unreal. I&#039;ve had anxiety and panic attacks before and I&#039;ve never felt like that before. I was crying and paranoid. What an awful experience. I would never recommend to anyone. Going to possibly  try something like the copper iud that uses no hormones...crossed fingers it works."
"First of all, it didn&#039;t really help me, I still suffered as much after I used it a few times for a sinusitis that was about to start. Second, it caused a huge cold sore to burst on my lip. I only had a cold sore once before (the first time I was infected) so I don&#039;t have have much doubt that Nasonex is what caused it."
"I was on Trinessa for a little under a year. I threw up during the first week of each pack and I was so emotional. I could hardly function both physically and mentally. I don&#039;t know how I made it to school and passed during the first week of the pack and I could not make it to work during the first week of each pack. The second week I was just plain exhausted and could not do much either. The doctor kept telling me those symptoms would go away. I finally called up there as one crying angry woman and they finally changed it for me. I feel great and back to normal now."
"This medication is first line treatment in chronic pain. Its pharmacological side effects are quite similar to benzodiazepenes. Side effects include acute cognitive impairment, significant motor control reduction, loss of swift reflex&#039;s, inability to concentrate etc etc.
Anyone who studied pharmacology knows that benzodiazepene&#039;s are far more addictive physically and mentally and the withdrawal can be LETHAL, via seizure and death, as compared to opiods/iates, where it will not kill but the withdrawal will be highly uncomfortable.

So lyrica, gabapentin and the other drugs that fall into the category, at least of the way I lay them out as &#039;gaba-nergic&#039; like, side effect, drugs.

These drugs are MORE DANGEROUS THEN OPIODS. This is objective."
"I have had this birth control for a year and a half and I can honestly say it was one of the best decisions I ever made. When I first got it in my arm bruised really badly, which was expected. I had problems with acne in the beginning, but for my first time ever using a hormonal birth control, and having really acne prone skin that was expected. I also did gain a little weight (like 5 pounds) but it was probably due to a stressful lifestyle and not so healthy eating choices. and the best thing, I haven&#039;t gotten my period since before I got this. Every now and then I get slight cramping like I am going to get my period but I never actually get it, just slight spotting every 6 months or so for about a day but that is it."
"I&#039;m on 150mg Atenolol, I take 100mg in the morning and 50mg at night.
Side effects are, leg water retention, breathlessness on exertion due to too slow heart rate, breathlessness when sleeping due to even slower heart rate, this in addition to dizzyness.
I should mention I sauffer from Diabetes type 2, insulin/diet controlled, so there may be an Insulin/Atenolol conflict there, and polyneuropathy to the extent I can no longer walk as my legs no longer respond to instructions from my brain."
"I had endoscopy  Thanks Goodness its not an ulcer or H.pylori. Since diagnosed with mild gastritis but then doctor gave me Dexilant, domperidone and Gaviscon . Its compulsory to take Dexilant everyday for 2 weeks , but then I had nausea all day, diarrhea 3-4 times a day, my body getting weak and no appetite, its getting worse in the office due to the side effect . After 10 days , I stopped. I could not take it anymore although nurse asking me to continue it. The day after, I could eat without having nausea anymore, I don&#039;t even need to go bathroom every time everyday. If you experience same thing like me, STOP it because your body has rejected and caused weak, body aches and cramps, nausea diarrhea. Trust me"
"I was prescribed clonazepam, 2mg, 3 times a day for 6 years. I was dropped because my doctor moved out of state. It is The only one that has ever helped to calm my anxiety. I need a new doctor that understands."
"I got a pretty bad bladder infection and got prescribed this medicine. I didn&#039;t bother to check reviews, as my infection was so bad that all I wanted to do was be able to pee. 
I&#039;m on day 3. Symptoms barely better. On top of that, I now have bad pain in my lower back, a swollen stomach that hurts really bad, gas, constipation, and worst of all, I can barely stay awake. I&#039;m exhausted. I have zero energy and I&#039;ve been bed ridden since the first dose. My joints hurt, my shoulders hurt, I am dizzy and nauseous.
And I take the dose with a decent meal to prevent stomach upset but it doesn&#039;t work. Worst part is that I keep having bouts of diarrhea but nothing comes out. 
I don&#039;t know if the medicine is worse than the disease, but I&#039;m miserable."
"I&#039;m 53 and have fibromyalgia. I was at the end of my tether with the pain. A new doctor put me on Gabapentin. I take 200mg 3 x a day. It has literally changed my life. My pain levels have reduced dramatically, I don&#039;t wake up with the &#039;fibro fog&#039; and my energy levels are as a &#039;normal&#039; person&#039;s would be. It was been a revelation!"
"So I came positive for chlamydia and I was very nervous I got prescribed 500 mg of azithromycin it says take 2 tablets by mouth so I took it thinking everything was going to be fine.  I took them early in the am and truely falling asleep about an hour later my stomach was making the weirdest cramps ever not sharp pains just felt my stomach was turning I was VERY nauseous I stood over my toilet for about an hour throwing up saliva nothing else but thin clear salaiva now I&#039;m starting to feel much better I think azithromycin will effect everyone in a different way because it is taking away a STD which is a big deal luckily I didn&#039;t have any diarrhea and hopefully I start feeling better ."
"This cream is really good. Its been 8 days now and I can see the difference. On my third day of trying soolantra my face got really bad worser than what it was. But when i read some of the reviews here they said it gets worse before it gets better and its probably killing the mites thats why it got really worse so I stick to it until now  its day 8 and I&#039;m so happy less redness 80% of the bumps and ugly burning are gone.
I mixed hot water with little bit of salt add cold water to make it warm to wash my face before applying soolantra morning and night."
"I didn&#039;t think there was anything to help my tinnitus after a head injury. My neurologist prescribed Clonazepam to help the sleep problems caused by tinnitus. I finally get some relief and a better nights sleep without the constant interruptions from the ringing."
"I started on trimethoprim after taking a variety of different antibiotics for several years including erythromycin and lymecycline. 
I have been taking trimethoprim for three months now, and have halved my dosage after seeing an improvement. 
My skin has remained relatively clear (bar one or two spots) and I presume there hadn&#039;t been a growth of resistant bacteria since my skin has not worsened after lowering the dose (unlike other antibiotics I have taken). 
I&#039;m giving it 9 because I haven&#039;t gone off it completely yet, and don&#039;t know what the result of that would be."
"Took it an hour ago. Now I&#039;m drowsy but also heart racing and shaky and nauseous ... so 3  more hours of this, and i have to get my kids off the bus.  Never again will I take this.  Did wonders for my cold but these side effects aren&#039;t even worth it...."
"I have had the implanon since February 2012 and I hate it. The first 6 months were okay only had 2 periods on it not got pregnant but ive gained a lot of weight more than I did when I gave birth. Before birth I was 156 now im 198. I get bad headaches and stomache aches. My back always hurts and I always feel tired. I get dizzy alot and it scares me having our little girl while im driving. It has caused me to faint 1 time at home while my husband was there. I just want my energy back so I can do the things I want to with our little girl who is almost 2. I havent lost my sex drive but my husbands job is 1week on 1week off so I guess its hard to tell. I just want to feel normal and happy again. Im tired of the mood swings and depression also."
"I&#039;ve just turned 40. I have 3 children all by caesarean (19,16 and 9 yrs). I&#039;ve had very heavy bleeding for a few years so after having blood tests and a biopsy of my uterus they found nothing wrong with me , so suggested the coil. I&#039;ve had it in now for 15 months which at first was annoying as I bleed heavy for 92 continuous days! But since that its brilliant no side effects not even one. I haven&#039;t bleed again since . No headaches, pain, nothing. So when it&#039;s ready to come out I&#039;ll have another put in."
"I am a 18 year old girl who had unprotected sex with my boyfriend. He didn&#039;t climax inside of me but I was still afraid that something might have happened so to be safe I bought a plan B pill, took it 2 days after having sex and waited. My period was supposed to come the next week and it was the longest wait ever. It was the day I was supposed to get my period and it still hadn&#039;t come yet. It was 11 p.m. and it finally came the day of. Super happy and this pill works great."
"Abilify has been a miracle drug as an anti-depressant augmenter. It eliminates the mood disorder side of depression and anxiety when taken with my other medications.  Unfortunately, it&#039;s also makes me very drowsy even at super low dosages (e.g. 1/2-1.5 mg)."
"I an allergic to all opiates. I have suffered for years with a fractured l4 and now a knee replacement. Without tramadol I could not get my work done.  This really works."
"The only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is sleeplessness."
"I am in the same boat.  After years of suffering, I reluctantly started Zelnorm.  I was on it for just a few months before it was taken off the market. Since then, it has been a constant struggle and NO other medicine or alternative source seems to help.  I would like to take it despite the risks and really wish there was another option that worked as well."
"The taste from inserting the eye drops was awful for around 5 hours when I first started to use the medicine. However, when I started to follow the directions such as: shake of the bottle, the make of a pouch with my eye and insertion of drop into the pouch and ensuing application of pressure to the pouch of eye for a short period of time, the taste was seemingly absent, or only present briefly for several minutes."
"I had Skyla inserted in October of 2015. The insertion wasn&#039;t very painful at all. There was a pinch when they inserted it, but nothing more. I had taken 2 ibuprofen prior to the procedure. For about 2 months after the insertion, I had constant spotting, which was pretty annoying. Since then, my periods have been normal. Twice, I have gotten pelvic cramps after having sex, though I am not sure whether this is related to the IUD. Overall, it is more than worth it to have the peace of mind that I won&#039;t get pregnant."
"5 stars!!! Acne gone, my hair is stronger and shiny!!!"
"I am usually very regular (28 day cycles) and have had unprotected sex on day 14 of my cycle. My partner came inside me. I took ella one 58 hours after unprotected sex and was very worried. My period came just one day late."
"Mononessa has been great so far , I started with minastrin and then I switched to sprintec. I was experiencing serious weight gain from sprintec and finally made the switch to mononessa. I have experienced breakthrough bleeding but only due to my own irresponsibility . I am rating this 10/10 because my experience without the condom has not resulted in pregnancy. I am starting to have some concerns though. Sometimes I get these very weird headaches , its almost as if I&#039;m dehydrated . I&#039;ll drink tons of water but that doesn&#039;t seem to help. And this  month I have become very irritable and upset over just about anything . My moods are out of control and i just feel so hopeless sometimes."
"I had Nexplanon put in October 2012. I had bleeding and spotting non stop for an entire year. I&#039;ve gained 15lbs and there has been no change in my diet. My skin is very oily. My hair gets very greasy. I sweat a lot now. I used to never sweat. I break out all over my face, chest and back. I&#039;m 25 years old and I&#039;ve never had acne. I&#039;ve been super moody. To the extent that my antidepressants needed to be increased. Anxiety has gone up. It wasn&#039;t until early November 2013 that my period finally stopped. It&#039;s been 3.5 months with no bleeding. I&#039;ve had almost every bad side effect, but I can&#039;t get pregnant on it."
"Golly I am disappointed. I tried this for my anxiety because it was getting out of control. I could not extend conversations beyond a minute or so without getting all flustered. Could not think, started to sweat, heart beat faster, tightness in my chest, hands tingle, could not breathe. None of those are fun things! Even basic day to day stuff like getting a haircut would freak me out enough to avoid. My hair looks terrible now! So my Psychologist and MD recommended this drug. He, the MD, told me he took it himself for public speaking . &quot;Take one 10 mg tablet and a feeling of calm washes over me.&quot; Unfortunately I have been taking it three days now, two 10 mg pills three times a day, and I feel absolutely nothing."
"The Unisom Tabs 25 MG does not work for me even if I take 2 tablets.  I was diagnosed with Sleep Apnea about 5 years ago and have gone from taking the  of the &quot;Z&quot; pill (6 MG) to taking the extended release &quot;Z&quot; pill (12.5 MG).  Decided to try to wean myself off for the past week by taking only half a dose of the &quot;Z&quot; pill and amazing that worked.  Now, trying the Unisom Tabs and trying to give it a week before I refill the &quot;Z&quot; tabs.  As I sit here, I am tired on night 2, but still don&#039;t think I am tired enough to fall asleep."
"Cymbalta has turned my life upside down. I was on the awful excuse for a medication for a year and a half taking 100mg every day. Over the past four months I have been weaned off of it by my doctor and 10 days ago was my last dose. I will never ever take that nasty drug ever again. The withdrawals are excruciating. I am absolutely miserable. Even after ten days I am still experiencing the following: nausea, dizziness, fevers, chills, emotional roller coasters, random crying, brain zaps, irritability, loss of appetite, loss of interest to do daily activities, anger, vomiting, isolation, aches and pains in my bones and high levels of anxiety. I feel as if these feelings are never going to end. "
"Vimpat severely increased my seizure activity. I took lamictal for 15 years by itself and it was extrememly effective until after childbirth.  I developed a rash after a 50mg increase to try and cover the auras I was having. So, because of &quot;the rash&quot;, I had to stop taking lamictal altogether.  I started Vimpat before they weaned me off lamictal and I was having seizures daily, sometimes twice.  As I weaned off the lamictal, the seizures continued and then I became aggressive.  A side effect of Vimpat is mental alertness.  Caffiene is a trigger for me so it was almost as Vimpat was the equivalent of drinking several energy drinks.  I can&#039;t take Vimpat"
"I had previously been on Ortho Micronor, the name brand for norethindrone, 0.35 mg, for 3 years. Then my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it so I had to go on Jolivette. After about a week of taking this pill, I started to experience heightened anxiety. It got so bad that I could no longer do simple day-to-day tasks such as going to class or going to a restaurant. I was having panic attacks daily. It then got to the point where I was terrified to leave my house. I was also overcome with depression. This all happened within the first 2 weeks of taking this pill. It was too horrible to endure so I stopped taking it. My mental health is still not 100% back to normal."
"Single worst sleeping med I&#039;ve ever taken. &#039;zombie&#039; like, for most next day. also most expensive."
"Have taken 120mg 3 x per day during cluster cycles for many years.  Taper off when I think I&#039;m finished with cycles.  Sometimes takes a week or two to start working, but almost always eliminates or diminishes severity of attacks."
"Fixed my heavy, irregular periods. Bonus-my skin cleared up too. Zero side effects."
"I took this drug for 7 years, only gained 5 pounds. Recently I quit using it and started taking Gabapentin. I&#039;m at 1800 mg. a day and I&#039;ve gained 15 pounds and counting. I walk briskly every a.m. for 45- 60 min., 7 days a week. I&#039;m up to 15 laps a day in my pool and I eat like a bird. Saw my Doctor yesterday, am weaning off the Gabapentin and in a few days I will start taking Lyrica again! It helped my pain much better than the Gabapentin and the weight gain is ridiculous! I realize that some people have similar experiences with Lyrica, it just goes to show that every &quot;body&quot; is different. Some people have a better time on Lyrica, some on Gabapentin. I&#039;ll take the Lyrica!"
"Improved my asthma symptoms quickly but the side effects made it unusable. Improved lung function within a day or two but had severe muscle spasms first in my right trapezius . Didn&#039;t relate it to drug at first so went to dr and started muscle relaxers and inflammation reduction meds. Unable to turn head at all by day 3 and not able to sleep because of pain. Discontinued Breo and symptoms were better within a few days. Restarted Breo a week later and had muscle spasm in upper thighs and neck by day two.  I really liked the effect for my lungs but the pain and lack of function are not bearable."
"I have not felt this happy and normal in a very long time. Do feel shaky about once a day but worth it to feel happy again."
"Insomnia, nausea"
"I have never been so upset/embarrassed with outbursts of anger. The day before I was screaming at my daughter at a water park as well as my poor son in the airport.   I can&#039;t believe my aggressive behavior. I&#039;m getting off of this."
"If you are like me, bought this, started burning, and went to the internet to see if it was normal: GO TO THE TUB AND GET THAT STUFF OUT. Seriously, it made me prefer the YI. I also thought, like many others, the first couple minutes it would be okay. Wrong. It lasted hours, woke me up out of a dead sleep, and I wanted to cry. Unreal that this stuff still sells. It is nothing like it used to be. The little solid rockets never gave me this reaction. DO NOT USE THIS."
"I&#039;m 50 ; never had a colonoscopy.  Yes, not smart.  But needed one now.  MoviPrep Spit-dose was surprisingly expensive.  Heard lots of negatives re: the prep procedure so, I researched and thanks to this website, found some good suggestions to get through the &#039;gross time&#039;.  Mixed it with cool water directly from the faucet and left it on the counter while I drank the first obligatory 4 8-oz glasses-15min apart within 1-hr. Prep had salty/citrus taste--not good. I used 2 straws, took big gulps and after each gulp, drank a mouthful of clear liq (Snapple) to get rid of taste.  Then drank 16 oz. clear liq.  Prep worked quickly-within 2 hrs.  Woke up 4 a.m. next day; got through 3 glasses of Prep; couldn&#039;t drink more.  But all was clear for test."
"I just finished taking my first pack after switching off Yasmin. Yasmin gave me migraine 4-7 days a week which was awful! My doctor switched me to this pill, and so far I haven&#039;t had any bad side effects that I can tell. Plus I don&#039;t get the horrible headaches anymore! I think my hair has gotten a bit thinner, but that might have been from the Yasmin (hopefully). I haven&#039;t noticed any breast size enlargement, but with my B cups, I can&#039;t say I wouldn&#039;t mind a little growth! haha. On this pill, so far so good. Also I thought I should mention that my doctor recommended to not take the iron placebos every day as it can be constipating. She said just take an iron pill (the brown reminder pills) maybe once or twice during bleeding."
"I took Stelara for plaque psoriasis for about four years and it worked very well----- until I had to miss a dose because I was having knee surgery. After 3 1/2 months I resumed taking Stelara but my body no longer responded to it and I started getting a lot of activity on my legs. My doctor suggested switching to TALTZ but I was put off by the initial starter doses and the monthly maintenance dose. (After all, Stelara is only one shot every 3 months.) Nevertheless, I decided to read online comments about TALTZ and was encouraged/ but skeptical about some people saying they saw improvement in days. Well now I&#039;m one of those people. I saw improvement in just 4 days, I&#039;m on week 6 of treatment."
"This worked well for me. I had what felt like a pretty bad cold....headache, nasal and chest congestion and generally run down feeling. Stayed in bed the first day and on the second I took the prescribed dose of Mucinex D - 2 tablets at 7:30 pm.

I didn&#039;t experience the insomnia others spoke of, but maybe my perspective is different, because I KNOW that if I hadn&#039;t taken it I&#039;d be up blowing my nose and coughing all night. Yes, I did wake up a few times more than usual, but I wasn&#039;t miserable when I did."
"I purchased this for my son, who has a very bad case of Keratosis Pilaris (KP).  This lotion is unscented, non-greasy and soaks in quickly.  Best possible for an 8yr old boy.  Applied after bath, once skin has dried, especially if skin was scrubbed or has any open sores, as it would sting those areas for a moment.  Results of 1-2 daily applications were awesome!  I was so impressed with how my son&#039;s skin was looking and feeling, I started applying it on my feet at bedtime in between pedicures.  Wow!  Great results again.  Eventually, I began using it on my face, neck, chest and the rest of my body.  My skin is now super smooth, has reduced fine lines, fewer pimples and dry skin patches. "
"Taking prednisone for 6 weeks starting 60mg daily. After first week it significantly reduced chest pain. In week 5, dosage was already at 40mg, started feeling anxiety, tremors, increased blood pressure and heart beat 114-125, blurry vision, diahrrea, low potassium, decreased thyroid function, increased glucoze, and muscle weakness in legs. Dr reduced dosage to 20mg and prescribed potassium supplement. K came back to normal within a week. Now still on 20mg prednisone. So far my inflammation in mediastinal lymph nodes did NOT shrink and still having chest pain. Working on the right dosage and length of treatment."
"I have been on Effexor for over 5 years now and I cannot imagine life without it.  I was crying all the time for no reason....my dr. Put me on 75 mg a day and it made me extremely anxious.  He then upped it to 150 mg per day and I have no side effects and function great!  The only side effect I have noticed is:  if I forget to take it I start to feel dizzy after a few hours and by night am crying."
"I was given this medication as I was prescribed Provera due to hyperplasia, the provera itself have made me bleed heavily for 4 weeks making me anemic so my gyne suggested tranxemic acid 1 3 times a day it&#039;s has slowed the bleeding down somewhat but not completely so doctor put me up to 2 3 times a day which I have had to put back down due to severe migraine, runny nose, chest pain and flu symptoms, I don&#039;t know what is worse, being on the toilet every half an hour or feeling so run down I can&#039;t get off the sofa!"
"I am sorry to hear of those of you for whom Avonex hasn&#039;t worked.  Either I am in a minority or just lucky with how it has helped me,  I have been on Avonex for almost nine years and he first month was a challenge....shivers and aches shortly after my injections.  Ever since, however, it has only been a minor inconvenience.  I take two Advil an hour before my shot and only experience what I call a bit of a &quot;funk&quot; 24 hours later, other than that, it is a breeze, thank goodness!

My biggest challenge was the 1-1/ 4 inch needles so I changed to 1 inch.  Much less daunting!

I have never missed a shot in almost nine years and don&#039;t plan to miss one going forward.

Best to all of us MSer&#039;s!"
"Due to an infected tooth, I was given penicillin which didn&#039;t work at all. I was then given clindamycin which has left me with such a severe sore throat that keeps me up all night in agonizing pain. Swallowing has me wanting to jump out the window in pain"
"My doctor put me on Aviane to suppress my periods for terrible PMS and mood swings. I have been taking them now for 4 weeks. Am supposed to be getting my period today and feel GREAT.  I have not gained any weight, which I would gain 5 pounds just prior to my period.  Besides the very mild cramps nothing unusual. I do not feel any lack of sexual drive but do feel slightly drier than normal.  Again, I can deal with all of these symptoms to skip the PMS rollercoaster.  So far so GREAT!
I am 39, two kids, no more with a history of depression type symptoms."
"I began Pristiq about 6 months ago. At first, it worked better for me than any I&#039;ve ever taken. Now, though, I have days when I feel like it&#039;s not working very well. I am considering trying something else, but I&#039;m still not sure. I wish there was an antidepressant that would continue to work forever...."
"I was put on this while during my stay at an inpatient rehab center for opiate/benzo addiction. At first, it made me hullucinate (sp?) and walk into walls (50mg). This was for detox. Then, they slowly tapered me so there were no side effects. I am 40 days sober, but still feel anxious. I can&#039;t take any mind altering drugs, so wouldn&#039;t be a good idea to go back on it. I think under close doctor supervision, it&#039;s definitely worth it, even though I was walking into walls. :)"
"I was very scared to use monistat 3, especially after reading so many negative reviews about it. After the first dosage of monistat 3, there was already less symptoms of the infection, but mind you there was some leakage the next morning and a couple times throughout the day. However, this does not mean the medication was being rejected, its normal. I just took my second dosage and the side effects I experienced both times consisted of minor cramps, and minor body twitches. It is best to lay down right after inserting, to reduce the amount of leakage. So far I am happy with monistat because it seems to be doing the trick."
"I refused to get the shot because I had researched Depo for a paper in college, but it came down to Depo or severe anemia. So I received the shot and the next morning I was praising Jesus because the shot got rid of the almost constant back pain I&#039;d had for 2 years since delivering my twins. Doctors kept telling me it was a sprained muscle only it never healed, now I believe it was endometriosis."
"I found out a yr ago, that my high functioning autism son had Asperger. He was put on Ripserdal. After about 10 months I found out the doctor should have been doing blood work to test his porlactin level. His levels should have been between 2.8 and 5.8. His was 55.9. His doctor told me this was okay and not to worry till it got up to 1000 or higher. We tried other medications but nothing seem to help like the Risperdal. So he is back on the Risperdal. It does not have the same effect in girls that it does boys. "
"I started using this medication...You cannot drink, need two methods of birth control, lips chap badly, skin gets dry and gets rashes, trouble going to restroom, severe mood swings, always feeling sleepy and tired, started feeling depressed and suicidal. That&#039;s the possible down side...I started taking it about two years ago. My treatment only lasted about 4-5 months, had to cut my treatment short because of depression. It worked wonders on my skin. My skin was really REALLY BAD BUT My dermatologist told me that if ever I were to get 3-4 pimples at the same time, to consult him asap. My skin had been absolutely clear for a year....a couple of months ago, I begin to notice bad acne reappearing."
"I have been taking Diltiazem 360 mg once a day for about 10 years along with 20 mg per day of Lisinopril for high blood pressure.  I am 58 years old. This combination has kept me at normal BP numbers all these years. The Diltiazem capsules are 180 mg each so obviously I have to take 2 capsules (at the same time). I have noticed in the last few months my BP gets pretty low...about 90/60 and even lower. Every time I bend over I get real lightheaded not to mention feeling tired all the time so I decided to take just one capsule per day of the diltiazem along with the Lisinopril and in the last 3 days of doing so I feel 100% better! I think the 360mg is too much for me now maybe because I am getting older. My BP now stays about 117/73."
"I got the implanon put in August 2012 at my 6 week postpartum check. It does what is says help prevent pregnancy. My only complaint is the weight gain that I&#039;ve had and to trouble it is to lose it. While on the implanon my periods were irregular But light. I&#039;m getting the Nexplanon hopefully in a few weeks see how it goes."
"Excellent drug for back pain. Generic does not work as good as the real brand Cataflam.  "
"I was prescribed Cipro on a Friday. Random body heat spikes. Back hurt. Nausea. Bad dreams. I didn&#039;t find out until Monday when my doctor called with bladder test that I was resistant to Cipro and they put me on Nitrofurantoin. Hope it works. I would recommend asking your doctor for another antibiotic other than Cipro."
"I started depo provera IM after the birth of my son. I never had regular monthly periods before so the injection completely stopped my period while on it. I went off it one year to attempt another pregnancy and it took almost a year for my period to return. I went back on it after deciding against a second child. The only issue I had with the IM injection was a heightened feeling of irritability/anger and soreness at the injection site for a day or two. When depo provera was switched to SQ it alleviated any irritability the day after. I&#039;ve only had good experiences with depo provera."
"I&#039;m a 46 yr old female with a long history of being a control freak, unable to sleep, edgy, irritable, etc.  I&#039;ve been using 10mg of Lexapro for about 5 weeks now and the results are amazing.  I can sleep, I can focus on what&#039;s important, and I&#039;m much more even tempered.  All my close friends and my boyfriend have commented on the difference.  I haven&#039;t seen any side effects that I can&#039;t deal with yet, in fact the best one is that it makes me sleepy, so I take it at night."
"This medication significantly reduced the amount of pus production overnight.  Relatively mild burning even with the severe amount of inflammation I was experiencing.  No common side effects so far.  It seems to be doing it&#039;s job rather well."
"I love Trinessa! It works great and there are no painful side effects or weight gain or anything of that matter. However, I have experienced terrible nightmares while on it making it difficult for me to want to sleep, and I am ALWAYS aroused while on the pill which is another thing I don&#039;t like. Overall, great pill and I recommend it!"
"Champix worked like a damn!!
I was three packs a day. Moderate COPD!
Tried many many times to quit; tried gum - made me sick; tried patches - kept me awake and made me nauseous. 
It took three pkgs but Champix finally worked!! (spelled champTix in US)
BUT; and I&#039;m telling everybody this; 
the worst side effect is nausea and it was fairly bad. SOLUTION; buy a packet of gravol (or its generic copy) and take the champix tab WITH a gravol. It ended my nausea and I had no other side effects. My biggest thanks to all those fine folks who developed this drug. It worked really really well for me.
Good luck,
Jack in Vancouver."
"I was recently diagnosed with Hypogonadism, so Axiron is the first replacement medicine I have used.  I find it easy to use, and I don&#039;t think it has a bad odor. I can barely smell it. I just find that you need to give yourself about one minute per application. You have to move the applicator very slowly so it has time to spread and be absorbed. If you try and rush it, the watery consistency of the product will run down your body. Give yourself about three minutes for it to dry, and then get dressed."
"Migraines started at age 50. Just about every day at 3PM. They were severe, but only lasted 2 - 3 hours. My eye area, cheek and ear were always sensitive to touch. Inderol was a life saver. 10mg twice a day. Sometimes I would feel slight pain behind my eye, but never needed pain reliever. The nightmares were something else, 3 -4 times a month.  I was actually afraid I would give my husband a heart  attack  when I would wake up screaming and thrashing at night. When I hadn&#039;t felt that pain behind my eye for about a year, I gradually went off Inderol (around 60 yrs old)."
"I have been taking Remeron for about two months now and it doesn&#039;t help me go to sleep but it does help me stay asleep. I have to literally force myself to get up in the morning. It does make me eat more though and that is the only side effect that I have noticed so far but overall its been working great."
"I have been using this medication for quite some time. 300mg 3 times a day. It almost completely erases irratability without hindering my ability to think clearly. In fact it helps my concentration considerably. I am able to focus on the task at hand without freaking out about why things arent working right."
"I got mine implanted in December 2008 and for the most part, it was great. The irregular periods are really annoying and I&#039;ve had a slight weight gain since then, but none of this was bad enough to make me complain. And actually I was singing Implanon&#039;s praises until this year. The mood swings I have now are ridiculous. I am the meanest, most vicious version of myself. It&#039;s a constant struggle with myself, trying to figure out why I am so angry ALL THE TIME, and why over something so stupid or small. I am the absolute worst the day before my period starts, and I&#039;ll have no idea why. Then the next day I&#039;ll get my period, and I am fine, and my mood just deteriorates daily from there, until my next period."
"47 y/o male. This colonoscopy prep was much better than the ones I&#039;ve used in the past. It tastes terrible, but it&#039;s a relatively small amount to drink, compared to preps I&#039;ve used in the past. Started working in about 15 minutes. Worst part is having to get up in the middle of the night to take the second dose."
"Was hospitalized with diverticulitis. Pain was acute. It made a grown man cry. After 4 days of IV injected Levaquin and another broad spectrum antibiotic, the white blood cell count was not going down. I constantly had blood drawn at 4 AM and results from the lab by 12 noon. The broad spectrum antibiotics controlled the white blood cell count from rising, but did nothing to decrease it. Even though I was on all liquid diet, and on morphine for pain, nothing was controlling the severity of the symptoms. It could have led to sepsis. An infectious diseases specialist was called for a consult and he added this antibiotic into the mix. In one day, this got the white blood cell count down and kept it going down after repeated blood draws."
"This medication has been an on and off solution.  It used to cause a lot of keppra rage.  but am on another medication that are for seizures that also help with my anger bouts."
"really helped, worked fast. I took it with food, without food gave a sour stomach. Helped me to sleep, too."
"I had such horrible time with my mirena. I wasn&#039;t instructed to take medication for pain before insertion. Insertion itself was painful but as I got home, I was in nauseating pain for 1hr. I finally took a vicodine to be able to ease some pain. I did not have a period for the first 8 mo the after insertion. In the year and a half since I have had the devise in I have gained 40 pounds. I never had weight issues. My mood has turned really aggressive and I loose it over little things. I am depressed a lot  and have no idea why. I had mine removed today and it wasn&#039;t as painful as insertion but I did feel some intense pressure pain during the removal.... I hope this can help someone!!!"
"For me Lexapro is a very effective medication for both depression and anxiety in the form of excessive worrying.  I&#039;ve always said this medication was &quot;smooth&quot;, trying to indicate that it produced no sudden or worrisome side effects.  I&#039;ve taken Lexapro by itself many years ago and now it has been added to my current medications for bipolar II-mixed, anxiety, and lately for severe depression."
"I loved smoking and didn&#039;t have plans to actually quit. However a friend wanted to quit and I agreed to join in her goal to help her with the understanding I would smoke again. She used the gum, patches etc. I chose Chantix and ten years later she is smoking and I&#039;m a non smoker still. Amazing! It took 1 1/2 months that&#039;s it."
"So I decided skyla was the option for me because I recently got diagnosed with bipolar 2 disorder and the hormones from birth control pills were too much to handle. I&#039;m 21 and I&#039;ve never had kids before so I didn&#039;t want to do paraguard or mirena due to the size. The insertion process was not the best but it was not the worst it could have been. I definitely psyched myself out thinking the absolute worst was going to happen due to all the reviews I read on here. As long as you take 800mg of Advil or ibuprofen about a half an hour before the procedure you will be fine. I can describe it as poking in places I&#039;ve never been poked before, a little bit of lightheaded was and you&#039;re done. Had some cramps but I&#039;m happy with my decision"
"I have severe neck pain from herniated discs, bulging disc, foraminal stenosis, osteophytes and arthritic changes in the neck. I was also depressed from chronic
pain and anxious about the pain. It has interfered with my life and stopped me from enjoying life. I started on Cymbalta about a month ago. My pain seems to have improved some but has not yet gone away. The side effects have been troublesome including dry mouth, constipation, palpitations, rapid heart rate, some sweating, tremor, and difficulty urinating. I plan to give the mediation three months before I suggest a change to my doctor, based on the comments above. Hope it works."
"I can take 0.5 mg twice a day as needed. Some days I don&#039;t take it. It helps so much even with my depression. I take one of these if I&#039;m planning on killing myself because I&#039;m suicidal every day,  &amp; the urge wil pass once this calms me down.  I take it for anxiety, panic attacks,  &amp; twitches/seizures."
"I had a lumbar fusion and discectomy and the neurosurgeon discharged me from the hospital with Norco 10/325. That was not a good post-op medicine. I went to my PCP and he prescribed Oxycontin 40mg 3x&#039;s a day and that didn&#039;t help. It made me itch all of the time. Finally, he started me on Vicodin HP 10/660 4x&#039;s a day and it has helped TREMENDOUSLY! Two thumbs up!"
"I had a very positive experience.  I mixed the Suprep with cold water.  I utilized a straw to suck it away from most of my tongue.  I was able to get the entire initial dose down quickly, and and while I was still able to taste the product, it was not that bad.  I immediately chased the Suprep with some grapefruit seltzer water mixed with lemon juice which removed all residual taste.  The first movement came on in an orderly fashion within 30 minutes and continue every 15-25 minutes for the next few hours.  I utilized Desitin in after each which prevented any rawness.  The next morning I repeated the same process with the same results.  By the 4th movement on the second day the necessary clarity was achieved and the procedure went well."
"The binder change several years ago caused internal bleeding, severe bloating, complete loss of appetite as well as liver, kidney &amp; pancreas issues.  It was so bad I was in bed 24/7 for several years.  I had to change doctors to change the medication and everything improved immensely.
The Mayo Clinic wrote about this reaction."
"Thought this medicine was great at first, but after going to 300mg dose, got yeast infections, terrible itching and burning. Tried all the suggested ideas, probotics, washing more, baby wipes, drinking more water, vasoline, moniststat, but to no avail.  Would clear up for a few days and start up again. Just could not stand it any longer. While I could eat slightly more carbs, only lost about 10lbs after 5 months and then it seemed like when I did eat carbs my sugar went up and stayed up until I ate my next meal before going down.  A1c only went from 7.9 to 7.8 after three months on the higher dose.  Also had terrible dry mouth and frequent urination.  Just unsure of this medication."
"I will concur with everyone on here that is recommending the water, no lying down within 30 minutes after taking your current dose (try not to take it right before bed) and taking probiotics to help stave off GI issues. These three actions are they holy trinity with taking this stuff - I cannot stress that enough. My first night taking it I forgot about the aux warning of &quot;do not lie down within 10 minutes of taking this drug&quot; (I recommend 30 min) - extreme heartburn ensued. Lots of water and yes, do eat; you will have a better experience. Note: &quot;a lot of water&quot; = at least a cup or two of water (8-16 ounces)."
"Tried this medication for prevention of migraines. I developed severe numbness in my hands and feet and unrelenting pain in my arms. I also had huge problems thinking at a normal speed. Took it for 3 months thinking well I&#039;ll adapt and the side effects will lessen or go away. Nope. Didn&#039;t help decrease the frequency of my migraines either. I was very surprised at the side effects as I usually don&#039;t have any sensitivities to medicines. Hope your experience is better."
"Prior to taking Daliresp - had to take inhalers everyday (always before exercising, occasionally just to breathe normally), frequent lung infections (3-4 per year). Felt like I had a lung infection once again when the doctor prescribed this med instead of the typical antibiotics and prednisone.

After taking Daliresp - felt much better in a few days, no longer need to take inhalers (only 1x in last 30 days) and exercising (jogging and weights) almost everyday. Big improvement.

Only downside - occasional headaches, maybe 3-4 times per week that go away after a couple advils.

Overall, big improvement in quality of life."
"Works well in combination with an SSRI. I stopped Buspar due to drowsiness and immediate weight gain. I experienced increased appetite and wanted to eat constantly. 
I was diagnosed with Adult Attention Deficit Disorder without Hyperactivity. I currently take Adderall, low dose Wellbutrin XL, and low dose Prozac. 
The Prozac and Wellbutrin XL assist in alleviating depressive symptoms during the winter months. 
Everyone is unique. Talk to your doctor; follow their advice."
"I have had good luck with this.  I take bromo in combination with carbo/levo.  My experience is this drug helps to smooth things out so you don&#039;t have so many peaks and valley&#039;s in your on/off cycle."
"I most often used only when I want that cigarette in the morning I keep busy and focus on my health I use my spray 8 times a day. I use rubber bands on wrist when urge comes to smoke because I don&#039;t want to depend on spray, light exercise and walks where smoking isn&#039;t allowed. my house doesn&#039;t smell like smoke, my clothes do cause I can&#039;t wash them all at once I can breathe better. believe believe believe"
"I was just finishing my last glass of part one wondering how long til I&#039;m hitting the bathroom.So I googled my inquiry and this review site popped up. I must have read several reviews, belching away the bloatingness and I read how the reviewers&#039; stomach rumbled,and so mine began- I started after 7 pm,chugged first three down pretty timely, just trying to avoid feeling nauseous, I can deal with bubble guts but not vomit.  Last one went kinda slow, but I finished and a few sips of Gatorade and I&#039;m on the way. Not bad-this stuff is going to do the trick!  The taste isn&#039;t that bad, just a salty version of lemon Gatorade.  Not thick at all.  If you have sensitive buds, it may be harder to finish, but take your time,keep cold and u r good 2 go- literally!"
"My son has been on this medication for 4 years. He&#039;s now on 40 MG and it has been a Godsend! He went from Ds and Fs to As and Bs.  It wears off after school but as long as he makes it through school that&#039;s all that matters to me!!! I would recommend this medication to any parent. It truly has helped our son and brings out the best in him!"
"39 been smoking since 13. Day 3 of Chantix, not really watching my cigarette intake, but have noticed I&#039;ve been smoking the same pack for 3 days. No nausea, have had a headache that comes and goes, and sleeping a lot, like can&#039;t hardly stay awake. Dreamed last night I chased a high school teacher that accused me of something I didn&#039;t do all over the country throwing water balloons at her, and woke up laughing my head off."
"I am 52 years old and clearly have been through the change of life. I&#039;ve had no period for years. All of a sudden, I have some spotting so I go to my doctor. He does a surgical procedure to scrape the lining of my uterus and then puts me on 2, 10 mg Medroxyprogesterone a day, for 20 days. Four days after my last pill the bleeding started. I have NEVER had such a bad period in all of my 52 years of life! I have had 3 children and this is worse than the labor of all three!! I will NEVER take that medicine again!! They can do a hysterectomy and take the womb I haven&#039;t needed in decades. I can&#039;t even leave the house because when I stand up, I gush blood!! Roll over in bed, gush blood!! Not Happy!! Why didn&#039;t my doctor warn me about this?????"
"I&#039;m finishing up my 1st month Of Aviane, and all I have to say is it is great. I&#039;ve had a little spotting but it&#039;s never that much and it never lasts for more than a couple of hours. I haven&#039;t gotten any mood swings, no weight gain and my acne has cleared up very quickly. This is definitely the birth control I would like to stay on. Even though everyone&#039;s different this pill works great for me."
"The only thing I don&#039;t like about this medicine is that it doesn&#039;t work for very long...3 hours at the most."
"This drug gave me bad reaction from the very first dose. My doctor thinks I had Serotonin Syndrome from taking this with an antidepressant. I got a fast heart rate, flushed face, restless, like taking some kind of stimulant. They cut my antidepressant dose in half which helped some but I still couldn&#039;t stand the side effects. Lots of nausea too. Pain relief was ok but not great."
"Took this pill 40 hours after an incident during ovulation time. After a few days I was worried that it didn&#039;t work because I wasnt experiencing ANY symptoms. I got my period 11 days after taking the pill (exactly the time I was supposed to get my period) and it ended up being heavier and lasted a day longer than usual. Again, I did not experience ANY symptoms whatsoever. My period has now finished and I&#039;m just relieved I can go on from here. Thank goodness this pill worked for me."
"I have suffered from anxiety and mood swings most of my life.  But since my divorce and living alone the depression was becoming debilitating.....  Feeling paralyzed by fear and barely functioning by taking Xanax.  Friends and family were very concerned that I was going to drop off the edge.  I am highly sensitive to medication.  And having tried over 1/2 dozen antidepressants with side effects, I thought I was doomed to a life of torment.  A friend was taking it and liked it, So, I tried it.  I did have side effects in the beginning.  Nausea, loss appetite, racing heart but most are now gone.  I still clench some and my jaw gets sore.  But I am so much better! 4 months was a big turning point for me. So don&#039;t lose hope!"
"I was on Synthroid for 18 months. Couldn&#039;t walk, because of water retention so after reading about Armour decided to try it. The doctor didn&#039;t want to prescribe it.
However, I insisted, and he gave it to me. Wow what a difference , within two days. All the water retention the Synthroid caused was gone and I am now on it for years.  So glad I got my life back."
"So the pro is, it&#039;s prevented pregnancy and made me go up a cup size. Oh and my acne has cleared up.  Cons: the first month went well. I&#039;m on month 3 of takin it and let me tell you... I&#039;ve been bleeding/spotting for about 34 days now. It&#039;s annoying. And when I start spotting heavily, I get severe cramping. It&#039;s interfered with my sex life and moods. I do get mood swings but I&#039;m thinking it&#039;s because I am so tired of bleeding. I&#039;ve gained about 5 pounds, which isn&#039;t too bad for switching birth control."
"A few years before I went through menopause. I used to have incredible pain, headache and felt like my Lymph Nodes were going to burst out of my throat 3 days before my menstruation and when I started to take this it worked totally. I had tried all kinds of pain killers but nothing made any difference. My doctor had prescribed it for my back pain originally. So one day I decided to try take it for my menstrual pain and was amazed that it worked so well for my Lymph Nodes and headache as well."
"I started on 30mg of Cymbalta for a week then up to 60mg. I&#039;ve taken it for about 2 years and noticed it really helped. When I got pregnant, my doctor told me to wean off it by taking it every other day. That was hell! He should have prescribed me a lower dosage. The price of it doubled so I no longer take it. I weaned off it this time by going from 60mg to 30mg then to 20mg. What a difference. That was manageable. Another down side is when I was on 60mg, if I would workout in the evenings, I would be wide awake at 3am! That was not the case when I was taking 30mg."
"I have been taking Naproxen for a long time.  I just found out from my Cardiologist that it is causing my high blood pressure. It can damage the kidney and liver.  "
"My doctor put me on Trulicity 0.75mg once weekly and it really has made a life saving difference. I have had no symptoms except I&#039;ve lost 25 pounds in 6 months.  My blood sugar levels have all been normal range.  I do watch what I eat and have been exercising with my kids at the gym two to three times a week.  My dr. Also has me on Januvia 100mg once daily, and metformin 1,000mg twice daily.   I feel wonderful and finally I&#039;m down to a size 7."
"I was on Mirena for a little over 2 years, starting in 2014. After about 7 months on it my period stopped, and that (in many ways) was my favorite part of Mirena. Unfortunately, around this same time I started getting intensely painful (but benign) ovarian cysts. The day before Thanksgiving, 2015 I had a cyst so painful that I was convinced something had gone wrong with my appendix. All told I went to the ER three times due to these cysts (yes I&#039;ve had the HPV vaccine). Finally I took it out, and in that time I&#039;ve had no pain. I&#039;ve also lost about 10 lbs of the weight I gained on Mirena. I loved the convenience, but some things weren&#039;t worth it."
"Vicoprofen has helped me greatly for Fibromyalgia, there is still pain I&#039;ll have but that&#039;s not going to cure it but its helped a lot. And I seem to have pretty good energy while taking it. I don&#039;t take more than prescribed so I don&#039;t believe everyone is at risk of becoming addicted to this medication. I have never had any bad side effects with this medicine either. I only took 7.5 mg four times daily which is average.  Good luck you all. Hope this post helps."
"Took 25 mg (1/4 pill) for first time yesterday .After 30 minutes I got strong pressure/pain in ears , stomach  ache, and generally felt not well unfortunately.
Its true , Blood flow to my penis did increased and that part was good , but sex felt artificial and I could not climax. I will be Afraid to try again because of side effects..."
"It worked fine but do not use toilet paper use the ultra soft cleansing wipes. Also some baby powder towards the end is good and even some zinc oxide for diaper rash"
"When I was finally diagnosed, after having classic textbook hypothyroidism symptoms, I was prescribed, in varying doses Synthroid or Levoxyl. Neither did me much good and of course doctors bandaided my lingering symptoms with other drugs and excuses. It wasn&#039;t until I found out about Armour, fired a bunch of clueless doctors, treated adrenal insufficiency, and I finally found out after 50 years I could actually feel human. Synthetic medicines never once gave me that feeling like Armour has. It is the thyriod medicine of choice for me. It is effective and easily dosed, and I promptly threw my old medicines away. Doctors need to get a clue about this now. Armour is IT. It is the best one to prescribe."
"I have been taking Ambien for 12 yrs now.  I took my 1st Belsomra 3 hours ago and am still wide awake and the only thing I have felt is extreme nausea.  I never get nauseated from medications.  In fairness to Belsomra, me taking Ambien for so long may have made me too tolerant.  I will tell you that my doctor also gave me Zanaflex, which I took last night.  After 2 days of NO sleep, I fell asleep within 10 minutes.  Once it hits you, you kind of lose control of your ability to walk or speak without sounding drunk.  My husband had to carry me to bed.  It&#039;s apparently a very potent muscle relaxer.  It works.  However, I woke up 3 hrs later.  That&#039;s typical for me on any sleep meds though.  Ask about Zanaflex if none of the others work."
"I wish that I had the same testimonial as everyone else, but I really have not seen any significant reduction in alcohol cravings. I was so hopeful that this would be the end of this miserable disease."
"So I haven&#039;t really been on this brand of the pill for long however it has been a horrible experience. A little background I have been on another brand of birth control before but went off of it and instead was put on this one. After a week I started experiencing so many horrible things. First was acne, my skin is usually clear but this made me breakout a lot. However the worst part of it all is the mood swings and emotions. I cry for absolutely no reason and just feel sad. I&#039;m usually not like this but now even talking to someone will make me burst out in tears and based on other reviews I see I&#039;m not alone. In terms of not getting pregnant if used correctly it does the job but to me it&#039;s just not worth it."
"Fastin has helped me lose 10lb. I started off with a half a pill and not doing full pills so my heart and body could get used to it. All I can say is I love this diet pill. REALLY HELPED ME."
"I am only about a week and a half into my first pack and can already feel my emotions getting out of control. I have never cried in public but today something that would have normally made me angry actually made me burst into tears. How embarrassing. I feel like I still have PMS even though there is no &quot;flow&quot;. Besides the hormonal imbalance, I love not having to worry about my period, which was extremely abnormal; rather than carrying around spare panties, I carry my little pill container.  

"
"I am 26, and had the Mirena placed at my 6 week postpartum check up after having our second baby girl. All that happened was I felt very mild, barely noticeable cramping that day, and on and off randomly since. I have a higher sex drive, no acne (which is wonderful because I&#039;ve had problems with adult acne), hand lost 5 pounds that WEEK, and now am steadily losing weight. Nothing is being or has been negatively affected. I know everyone is different, I was an excellent candidate for it because of very heavy, long lasting, and painful periods. "
"I took cymbalta 50 mg everyday for over 2 months.  This was to treat a generalized anxiety disorder and minor depression.  I live in the Midwest where the sun does not come out very often in the winter months.  The medicine was effective in the long run in treating my minor depression due to the winter blues however when I first started taking the medicine I did have suicidal thoughts, which was very strange for me.  Eventually, it interfered with my libido, which caused me to stop taking the medicine. I am 22 years old and for me to begin to experience libido issues led me to discontinue this medicine.  This might be a isolated issue but I hope it helps you decide if the side effects outweigh its benefits."
"I have had the bar for over 6 months now. For the first 6 months i experienced no bleeding with some cramping. (Before being on bc i hardley ever experienced cramps &amp; they were minor. My flow was regular, not too heavy.) I got my period about 3 weeks ago. It went on for 2 weeks before starting to lighten up, then suddenly got heavy and VERY painful. I have never experienced cramps like this, even when I messed up my cycle bad on the pill. I am in pain all day, sometimes I cant even move. Made an appt with my doctor to talk about it, not sure yet if I will get it removed. I dont know what to do, i kept forgetting to take the pill on time so thats not an option for me, I just want my natural cycle back. Might stop taking bc alltogether."
"This medicine nearly finished with my life. I got so depressed and lost and the experience was horrendous!
Do not take this medicine - your skin will improve but believe me it will cause you severe depression and mental illness.

Is not worthy! Trust me.

You become completely severely depressed."
"I have been using Lo Loestrin Fe for 1 month now and I&#039;ve had my period three times this month, breaking out like crazy, and have so many mood swings with depression. On my period i have medium-high cramps, back pains, and my breasts are sore. All the time!  I haven&#039;t really gained any weight which is good, but I&#039;m going to keep using it and see if it gets better."
"It worked great but made me really dizzy. Has anyone experienced this?"
"I have experienced Irritable Bowel Syndrome for months and years. The flare ups got so bad everything would make me sick. Bounced from one DR. to the other. Gastroenterologist. Finally I was so sick and went back to my GP he prescribed me Levsin SL. It worked like right away. No side effects. I feel great now, after so much pain and suffering. I highly recommend this medicine. Previously I could hardly leave my house. I had no energy. The IBS attacks were so severe. The problem with IBS is some Doctors think its mental. I like to mention I take Probiotics every day and NEVER cheat on my diet. It&#039;s not worth it to eat something and then suffer for days."
"I have been on Myrbetriq since 2/29/15, I take the 25mg as I am only 4;11 and 90 pounds. I was taking toviaz before that, and trospium chloride before that. Myrbetriq is a miracle drug for me I was going 40x a day...I now go about 10 on a good day and 18 on a so so day if I grab a cofffee. I have tried things like bladder trainning, that didn&#039;t work for me. I was dx with oab in october I am a 32 year old female. I try also to stay away from bladder irritants. Sometimes I want to see what the 50mg do but I think for my weight that maybe too much. I noticed a diffrence at about week three. It also got me through a colonoscopy too I was so scared to drink all that water."
"Unfortunately I am a chronic relapser and have had many alcohol-withdrawal related seizures in the past.  Every time I have gone to the hospital they have given me Librium and it absolutely took away all my withdrawal symptoms. No more sweating, shaking, or vomiting. I have asked several doctors in the past to prescribe Librium to me but they have all said that it should be administered at a hospital where I could be monitored. This time around however the hospital sent me home after 7 hrs and gave me a script for 6-25mg.  I only took 5 and experienced no withdrawal symptoms what-so-ever and I was a liter of vodka/day drinker. Highly recommend Librium."
"After a few years of taking Crestor (which worked fine for its intended purpose), I suddenly developed a severe case of Sciatica. I couldn&#039;t stand, sit, walk, lie down, or any other activity without terrible pain up and down the back of my left leg. I was tested for everything including MRI and using novocaine and other pain killers. Nothing helped. After 5 months of constant pain, my doctor suggested discontinuing Crestor. The pain was completely gone within a week. Come to find out, my Sciatic nerve passed through my Piriformis muscle instead of around it like in most people. The Crestor had caused toxicity in the Piriformis muscle  which caused it to squeeze the Sciatic nerve continuously, causing continuous pain."
"I suffer from depression and has got to a very low point.  Doc prescribed me Sertraline.  First day, I didn&#039;t sleep.  Second day I had a tight chest and palpitations.  Third day, I had a fuzzy head.  Since then, it&#039;s been great.  I actually feel joy and am so much happier.  Give it a chance, I felt negative in the first three days but it takes time to work."
"I&#039;ve always had clammy hands but about six months ago I had an unrelated surgical procedure, and once I recuperated I realized I was sweating a lot more than I used to from my hands feet and armpits. I went back to work and I was so embarrassed to wear regular button-down shirts because of the pit stains. I saw my dermatologist who recommended Drysol. It burns like hell but I can tell you right now that it is working for my pits I haven&#039;t applied it to my hands yet I will be trying that tonight."
"For some reason, my acne became uncontrollable after I gave birth to my daughter. I finally went to the dermatologist after quite a few breakdowns. I started Ziana in January 2016. This medicine will take about 3 months of purging your skin before it shows how clear your skin will be. Be patient. Yes, it sucks. But it does work 100%. I have before and after if anyone would like to see or has any questions!

"
"Very very good for meetings, interviews. Stops the impending doom feeling...!! Amazing"
"I have been on this med for 9 yrs after the dearh of my daughter, it changed my life dramatically!! Recently I have lost a brother and my anxiety came back, my doctor has from today increased my dose to 50mg so praying this helps soon? Hope due to my body being used to the 40mg the extra 10mg kicks in fast. It is a mirical tablet!!"
"I have been using this for the redness of rosacea.  I don&#039;t really have bumps or acne from rosacea.   I&#039;ve been using this twice a day for six months and still have flareups."
"I have been on Orencia for 3.5 years and diagnosed 4 years ago. I am so thankful that I responded so well to this medication. Orencia was the first medication and hopefully, the last. Since my first infusion, in 2013, and the symptoms were finally being held at bay, I have not had any issues to date. I, whole heartily, 100% recommend Orecina. It saved my life and gave me my life back. I hope it&#039;ll do the same for you."
"This medicine kept the migraine from becoming full blown.  It made me sleepy and out of sorts, but this is better than an agonizing migraine.  I took it as soon as I saw the visual effect and within 30 min my vision was back to normal.  However, I still had a mild migraine with very little nausea.  Imitrex made me tired and my body felt heavy. It also made my tongue feel swollen, but it wasn&#039;t. But I&#039;d take this over a full blown migraine any day! It seemed to fast forward the headache rather than it being debilitating like last time. I still lay around all day though."
"I had a tummy tuck and heard about this drug to help with recovery. It certainly made the first 72 much more bearable. I paid an additional fee of about $300 for Exparel. It was a very good decision. I had no side effects. I prepared to be in agony and wasn&#039;t at all. Those 3 days post op can be the worst days. Exparel is a miracle."
"I got Nexplanon in January, and the doctor assured me the side effects would go away after 2-4 months. It&#039;s now September, and there&#039;s no end in sight. I have literally bled constantly (either on my period or heavy spotting) every single day for 8 months. Now I&#039;m on my period and it&#039;s lasted 2 wks and it just keeps going, so I&#039;m getting the implant taken out. I&#039;m fed up. 

I also got moderate, daily headaches for the first 6 months, periods of acne off and on, and I&#039;ve been more moody and depressed. Yes, it&#039;s great that I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill every day. But I have to remember to wear a pad/tampon, and b/c of the moods and bleeding I&#039;ve only had sex a handful of times in the last 8 months. It&#039;s not worth it. I&#039;m done."
"Have been on this drug for almost 3 weeks. Started out on 25 MG and am currently taking 50 mg. Helped tremendously with much needed sleep. Make sure to be in bed when the medicine kicks in. You will sleep a long time but to me it&#039;s worth it! I&#039;ve seen small improvements. Believe it&#039;s causing me to be pretty dizzy. Will give it time though! Will update later on.I am very glad my Dr tried this type of antidepressant. Been on lexapro, zoloft, cymbalta, and wellbrution. I believe they just aren&#039;t as strong as the older antidepressants. Good luck to you. Hold on even if you feel like there is no hope left!!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for over a year, I&#039;ve never had any problems with it in the beginning except a little spotting in between periods and headaches at first. Now I absolutely hate it and am thinking about not taking it anymore because all of the sudden my periods are starting to mess up and I don&#039;t like that at all. This pill has also made me gain like 15lbs."
"Just don&#039;t mistake Uricalm Intensive for Uricalm!  I grabbed the box in a rush and when I got home phenazopyridine the ingredient that stops the burning and pain is not in the Intensive.  "
"I am currently about 6 months into my Methadone treatment, before methadone I was using heroin at an extreme amount. Now I am on 165ML of methadone a day from the clinic up the road. It has saved my life, I know that there are side effects just like that come with all medications. But where I am right now in my life I would not be alive if it were not for methadone and the treatment that I received from the people around here at the clinic. I recommend methadone for anyone out there struggling with opiate dependence and wanting to turn their life around for the better. It is true just like they say when I was using dope, the dope was in the drivers seat, now that I am on methadone, I am back in the drivers seat!"
"I&#039;ve been using Drysol for close to 6 years now. Prior, I used to sweat just sitting at my chair and it made me extremely self conscious. I tried every deodorant/ anti-perspiration in the market and nothing helped. Finally I went to my dermatologist and he prescribed this. The first few times I used it it was extremely itchy and red but I would tough it out. I learned from experience NOT to shave before applying and to make sure I wear a T-shirt to bed otherwise the rubbing together may cause irritation. Over the years my sweating had seriously reduced, I went from having to put Drysol on every couples of days, to weeks, now I put it on MAYBE 3 times a year. Love it."
"I have been on tri-sprintec for four years now. Its the only pill I have ever been on. I truly love it to say the least! No weight gains, just a few mood swings around my period but that&#039;s about it. I would highly recommend it, I think its effects vary from person to person. My doctor told me before she put me on it, that pills do not make you add weight, however the hormones in it may cause you to get hungry more often and that&#039;s why people gain weight. Just watch what u eat and exercise regularly you will be fine!"
"I have been on Cymbalta for several years. The pain I had prior to this medication was life changing. I worked in retail for 18yrs and needed to function physically to be effective at work. When I was given the Cymbalta I think I called it an answer to my prayers. THEN I lost my job and insurance. Cymbalta has no generic sub and is $150 per month without insurance. That was financially hard on my family. I tried to go off it on my own and had HORRIBLE side effects including panic attacks, heart and blood pressure problems. Forced to continue this medication I spent $1800 in a year to stay sane. My doctor gave me a three week plan to get off Cymbalta. Now I am on the 3rd week and still having side effects. "
"I have had botox for the last 5 years for this condition and I have to say I have never looked back! Each time I have a longer gap between procedures, 3 so far, and  it seems to improve every time. I had vesicare before this and I had a really bad reaction to it so botox was my offered option. I would never hesitate to recommend botox!"
"I was taking Yaz, but then for whatever reason the company added something to change it to Beyaz.  Yaz was seriously a saint for me.  Amazing periods, not hormonal at all, great skin, the works!  I&#039;ve been on Beyaz for over a month now, and I have not cried this much since I broke up with the love of my life over a year ago, and I have zero control of my emotions and how I feel. "
"I started on Zoloft after suffering from anxiety for about 2 years. I had irrational fears about my health (heart attack, brain tumor, etc.) even though I am only 24 years old and healthy, and I found that anything out of my ordinary routine caused anxiety. I started on Zoloft at 25mg with a plan to increase my dose to 50mg after 1 month. I was a little dizzy the first week on the medicine, but since then have noticed no side effects. I noticed my anxiety starting to disappear after about 3 weeks, and I decided I didn&#039;t need to increase my dose. Still on 25mg per day 6 months later, and it has changed my life. I was skeptical of medication to begin with but highly recommend this, it really works!!"
"I have been on this for 3 months, I have lost 30 pounds.  My A1C went from 12.7 to 6.1.  My blood sugar numbers went from 230 to 98 I have not had any of the negative side effects. I have not had dry mouth or waking up to urinate as some others have experienced.  This medication has worked great for me so far."
"I would recommend Citolopram to anyone struggling with anxiety and depression. After a recent low patch I was in a terrible state... Non stop crying and waking up with a feeling of doom and panic every day. My body was so full of adrenaline and tension it was awful, impossible to live with. When you start taking Citalopram there are some nasty side effects for the first 2-3 weeks... Difficulty sleeping, feeling a bit sick and very tense. But I have to stress that this does stop after a few weeks... And then you start feeling better. Sooooo much better. It is amazing how positive you will feel. I have more get up and go and feel my sparkle coming back. I&#039;m going to the gym regularly, weeks ago I struggled to walk out the door. Stick with it!"
"I smoked minimum of 2 packs a day for 45 yrs. 
I tried EVERYTHING to quit.  I didn&#039;t try with Chantix. My Dr. told me it would probably take awhile as long as I smoked.  I took for 3+ months and didn&#039;t really feel any different. Still smoked the whole time but desired much less. One nite 
My husband and I were out to dinner and I handed him my cigerattes. I&#039;d done that so many times. I asked him for one back. We got home and instead of smoking that one, I shredded it. I never had another and never craved one.  I have COPD I was diagnosed with about 5 yrs. later. If I&#039;d just had Chantix yrs. ago, I could have done it.  This COPD isnt  fun..
Try to quit while you&#039;re still healthy. Chantix did it for me totally!  Good Luck..."
"Took this have been sick all week from one dose and I will be glad when it wears off  and I will be not taking any more. I had heart burn, an upset stomach, felt so full and sick especially when I eat. No more of this stuff - one dose enough."
"This was the worst birth control method I&#039;ve been on. I had a period that lasted 2 weeks. Thankfully my doctor prescribed me back to the pill and now the bleeding has stopped. I also experienced serious mood changes. I was constantly tired and upset. I would wake up in the middle of the night drenched In sweat with a very fast heart beat."
"So horrible.  Took 10 mg at 10.  Still awake at 11: 30.  Took 10 mg more and finally fell asleep at 12:30.  Woke up at 3, super tired but unable to go to sleep.  Side effects are a major headache in left side of head and super groggy because your tired but can&#039;t sleep."
"I&#039;m 14 and already struggle with insomnia. before I started taking medication for it I couldn&#039;t sleep AT ALL, I would stay up until 4 in the morning just laying in bed and usually I would just not sleep. During the day I would try to exhaust myself so that at night it would be harder to stay awake, but my brain was still running laps. I was prescribed Trazadone last summer and I have never slept better all my life then I had in this past year. I take the pill and I fall asleep in less then 20 mins, my dosage is 100mg and I&#039;m not sure if that&#039;s a lot but it seems strong and it works really well, HIGHLY RECOMENDED!!!!"
"Every winter I get terrible Bronchitis. Usually am constantly coughing, use a nebulizer, use inhaler, this all last literally until spring! Coughing for months. This time caught it early. Took shots and Levaquin for ten days. Felt like total crude for the whole time BUT it worked. First time it all left without those months of cough, cough, coughing solid back to back. Can&#039;t tell you what a relief it was. SO take it!! Despite side affects unless it&#039;s too serious you&#039;ll be glad you did!!"
"I really really wanted to LOVE the Mirena. I had inserted on February 14, 2011 (yes Valentine&#039;s day) and finally had it removed today. It definitely made my period&#039;s lighter, but I also had 2 a month, every month at 9 days each. Typically my period is fairly heavy but only 5 days and only once a month. That was complaint #1. I was constantly bloated, and gained 19 lbs despite working out and dieting. My biggest complaint is that I had huge emotional/horomonal issues with this. Everything from random crying, to just being extremely emotional, even depressed at times. I am a fairly happy person normally. I had the Mirena removed and replaced with a Paragard. I really like the aspects of the IUD and not having to worry regularly."
"ankles may swell if no exercise and possible nasal stuffiness and swelling.
Very effective in reducing b.p."
"Im only 17 and had to start taking birth control pills because I had cysts in my ovaries that started bleeding so severly, it caused me to be hospitalized for a week and needed transfusions. I still had spotting after I was discharged but once I finally started taking these pills (insurance issues) the bleeding stopped all together I have had no weight gain and my skin has cleared up so much. I would recommend this pill to anyone"
"I have been taking Adipex P for 3 mouths and I have lost 30 pounds.
I only take half a pill in the morning. It works very well."
"The best advice I can give about Epiduo is to definitely be patient! I know its easier said than done when like me, you&#039;re fed up with your skin and want something to work as quickly as possible. After trying almost every product under the sun, the latest thing I went on was the Epiduo. After 3 months, and using a simple light nivea moisturiser before applying, the cream really started to work and I saw massive improvements in my skin!! The redness of my spots completely cleared and now my skin is almost totally clear and I feel so much more confident! Patience really is the key to Epiduo, stick with it and you&#039;ll see just why it&#039;s worth it! Definitely recommend!"
"Provigil works great for me, at 200 mg once in the morning. I usually feel dull-witted and fatigued, but I don&#039;t suddenly &quot;switch off&quot;. After about a week of steady doses, however, I often develop a bad headache and have to quit taking the stuff for a few days. Maybe that&#039;s a good thing, if it keeps me from getting habituated. Ritalin did nothing except make my hands shake."
"Currently on day 4/7 100mg BID. I went from feeling like my back was being ripped open and sobbing until I couldn&#039;t anymore from the pain to waking up the next day after my first dose feeling like a new person, this antibiotic is ok in my book! Mild GI issues, decreased appetite, and headaches are my only side effects. Nothing in comparison to what I was feeling before. All antibiotics aren&#039;t fun to be on, so keep that in mind before writing scary negative reviews. Hopeful that the Macrobid clears this up."
"I have Rheumatoid Arthritis, an auto-immune disease. Valerian was recommended to me for insomnia and so I took one. Because of my compromised auto-immune system, the pill had the opposite effect. I felt as if I had been given epinephrine and was in a &#039;run&#039; mode all night long. By morning, I was exhausted and my head felt like it was about to explode. 
People with auto-immune disorder should definitely  stay away from this herbal pill."
"I&#039;m 23 with no children, and got Paraguard inserted a little over a year ago. I&#039;ll start with the cons. Insertion process was quite painful but the pain only lasted about ten minutes afterwards. Since having Paraguard inserted I went from having no cramping at all around my period to having one or two instances per month of pretty painful cramping. My PMS is also pretty bad the day before I get my period but I think that&#039;s because I&#039;m not controlling it with hormonal BC anymore. My period went from 5 to 8 days and is heavier than it used to be. Despite all of this, the side effects I&#039;ve experienced do not outweigh the benefits of having Paraguard. I had way worse side effects when taking the pill. 100% happy."
"I started latuda last May for my schizophrenia. I developed schizophrenia when I was 16 (4 years ago) but after being on like 6 billion types of medications, this one seemed to work best..the side effects were the worst! I remember one experience clearly. I was on vacation at the beach last summer and I took a latuda pill before going out to eat with my family. It kicked in after 30 min time. All of a sudden, I began feeling extremely sleepy, dizzy, and I had EXTREME akathisia? So terrible, I couldn&#039;t explain it and to top it off, my heart was racing I was having a panic attack! In the restaurant! And at the same time I was sleepy as hell, but I kept my cool. My mum took me back to the hotel where I immediately fell asleep..terrible"
"I&#039;m in my early 20s, I have been on the Nuvaring for about 2 years and I love it! I had a hard time remembering the pill so I decided to switch to Nuvaring. It is way more convenient for me. I never experienced any negative side effects and I never gained any weight. I would recommend the Nuvaring to anyone!"
"The least I can do for this amazing discovery of a medication is to do a review and say that it literally saved my life.

I wanted to take away my own life because of hypersexuality waves that I&#039;ve been experiencing for as long as I can remember. Somehow I always pushed myself behind the edge by telling myself - &quot;you just can&#039;t give up before making sure that I tried all the options&quot; Thank goodness I didn&#039;t give up. After couple of years of such an agony I finally met my second psychiatrist who suggested that I may have some very atypical type of bipolar disorder, and he suggested me to try Abilify.
For the first time in my life I knew what it means to have a fully controllable sex drive. Please never give up. Cliche saying, but so true! :)"
"WHYYYY! the itching is soooo bad that I just ran to the bathroom and tryed to completely wash it out but the itching won&#039;t STOP!!!! HEELLLP!"
"Switched from Lexapro to generic escitalopram. Big mistake. Suicidal after 3 weeks. No problems for many years prior."
"I love Implanon! I had mine placed 5 months ago. I had no period or spotting at all for the first two months. Then, I began spotting lightly every other day or so. 90% of the time, the spotting is so light, there is no need for a panty liner. It is a small, small price to pay for freedom! I absolutely love not having to worry about remembering a pill, getting refills, taking it on time, etc. As a medical student, I already have enough to remember. I am glad my birth control isn&#039;t one of them anymore! The only downside (and it is a very small one) is the huge bruise you get the week after it is placed. Not a big deal in most cases, but a little weird when your employer asks about it and asks if you are &quot;having problems at home.&quot; Otherwise, 100% pleased."
"Horrible sore throat combined with nonstop coughing.  It was painful to say the least. Took the Vicodin and stopped coughing.  I had tried everything over the counter, teas, honey lemon, vaporizer, vapor rubs, hot showers, etc.  This is the only thing that stopped the coughing."
"My doctor was pretty hesitant to try me on this but was quick to mention weight loss surgery. I&#039;m 25, 5&#039;8&quot; with a starting weight of 250 (June 8th). I began the low dose of the trial of June 13th and weighed yesterday at 241.5 (8.5 lbs!). Soda tastes flat and so does alcohol. Huge bonus since soda was my vice. Drinking lots of water due to dry mouth. I have felt a little tired, but it&#039;s tolerable. My hands and face feel tingly today. hopefully that passes because that is pretty annoying. I had a slight headache the first two days, but that went away with Aleve. I see my doctor on the 26th for a 30 day fill. Hopefully the weight loss continues. I don&#039;t plan on taking for more than a couple months. Will update."
"I have been taking Gleevec for over 4 years, and as of today I am in complete remission of my case of CML. For the first 4-5 months of treatment Gleevec apparently caused nausea, especially when I engaged in any vigorous physical activity. Now I have no noticeable side-effects at all."
"Zanaflex is great for muscle spasms as I have them from Osteoarthritis in my spine, also spinal stenosis. If you are on any heart meds, please use the interactions checker because it may cause severe drops in blood pressure. I am taking Lisinopril, Hydrochlorothiazide and Metoprolol for heart arrhythmias and my blood pressure was dropping to dangerous levels. All of my specialists knew what medicines I was taking, but none of them noticed the interactions. I checked them myself here at Drugs.com and found the RED FLAGS myself, so be careful."
"I felt compelled to write a review, as I was on topamax (or should I say dopamax?!) for about 2 years. I started this medication when I was 21 and was so desperate to find something that would actually help my on-going migraines. Personally, the side effect symptoms FAR outweighed the benefits. I started out on 25mg a day and gradually increased to 100mg. As soon as I got on this, the side effects came rolling in. Before I knew it my memory was completely gone. In daily conversation I couldn&#039;t think of simple words, names or phrases. I knew what I wanted to say but couldn&#039;t form the words to do so. The worst of all, it really affected my grades in college. I used to have awesome memorization skills. Unfortunately I would study for hours upon hours, and still wouldn&#039;t do well as I would have &quot;brain fog&quot; during tests, etc. Another side effect I experienced was weight loss. I lost around 25 lbs., HOWEVER I don&#039;t believe all of this was ultimately from topamax. I&#039;d definitely say it suppressed my appetite, but I really changed my eating habits and worked out daily. It helped with my first few pounds and got me motivated to do the rest. On the plus side, I saw a significant difference in the amount of migraines I received. It was a night and day difference in that aspect. However, approaching a year and a half on this medication I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and had to get off. It wasn&#039;t worth it anymore. I don&#039;t think tapering off or stopping cold turkey on this really makes a difference. My mom stopped cold turkey and I tapered off, as my doctor instructed me. I rebounded off this HORRIBLY, as did my mom. I was STARVING constantly after no longer taking it. This didn&#039;t just go away either. My body didn&#039;t feel levelled out and &quot;detoxed&quot; of this for honestly about a year after. I not only gained back all my weight I lost, but plus some. Although everyone&#039;s body reacts differently, I highly do NOT recommend taking this. Not even for those desperate for weight loss. Losing weight from a medication like this is not sustainable long term. I&#039;m 24 now and am still affected by my choice of taking this. Topamax has ultimately ruined my memory to this day. I still cannot remember words or things. It changed me. Do not take this! There are other answers out there."
"Works fabulous. Been on it for 7 years, always get my period on the same day. Never any nausea. I get emotional the day before my period starts but its whatever, my boobs got huge which was nice. no pregnancy scares either..at all. works fabulous. highly recommend... I haven&#039;t had any issues like other people say."
"I have used this medicine along with narcotic pain killers for a cervical disc protrusion. When I weaned off the pain killers, the Zanaflex really helped with the withdrawal symptoms (RLS, anxiety, sleeplessness) I was experiencing. This medicine still helps with the muscle spasms I get and it doesn&#039;t make me tired either, probably due to the high tolerance levels I have from years of abuse, however it really saved me during the Norco withdrawals - and have been off all narcotics for a few months now."
"It was okay when I first got it, not too painful or maybe I was expecting more pain, anyway I spotted for a day afterwards and it was fine, then no bleeding for a week. I had sex then like 4 days later I started my cycle and it&#039;s day 8 with heavy bleeding and horrible cramps..."
"I am 18, 125 lbs, never had sex before this &amp; was not on birth control and this pill worked for me. The condom broke and to be sure we made a midnight Walmart run for this pill. I took it about 2 hours after the accident &amp; I was freaking out and researching everything possible. Four days later I started my period for the second time that month. I have never been so happy to have cramps. This pill worked for me and I really think it will work for you too!"
"I was diagnosed 2 years ago with stage 4 pancreatic cancer.  I have had chemo and radiation and I am doing very well.  When first diagnosed I was on Creon I had no side effects but wanted something a little less expensive, so my Oncologist suggested I try Zenpep.  It works great, as long as I don&#039;t forget and skip a dose, when I skip a dose all my symptoms come roaring back, gas, pain, cramps and loose bowls."
"My 2 1/2 year old son took this because of Hives/Welts. It helped with the itching but thats it. It made him very hyper."
"I am honestly the happiest person ever since my Psychiatrist prescribed Depakote for me, NO MORE RAPID CYCLING!! I take two 500mg tablets about 20 minutes minutes before bed and I sleep throughout only waking up when my back aching in pain; I&#039;ll save that for my Baclofen and Prednisone post. I do not experience the manic highs as I was once did; however I still have my low days but everyone does! My low days are no where near the days when I on Trileptal or any SSRIs. I was taking Ability and Lithium for a week (this is my experience) I started seeing the world in two-dimensions, sort of like the early Nintendo characters. I freaking out!! That was it. Make sure to get blood tests every months to ensure your Depakote are in line. A  "
"I did a fair amount of research of which testosterone treatment to try. After reading the reviews I chose Axiron. Unfortunately, my results weren&#039;t that great. After 4 weeks on 30 mg per day, my levels actually dropped . My doctor increased the dose to 90 mg and did a recheck 2weeks later. A little improvement but still below where I was before I even tried Axiron. My doctor referred me to a urologist who is running tests to rule out if it&#039;s something else causing the low levels, but in the meantime, recommended Testim. After reading these reviews I&#039;m not looking forward to Testim but will give it a try. It&#039;s a LOT more expensive. "
"Seizure free for over 2 years on Glenmark&#039;s Zonisamide. It would be closer to 5 years but the pharmacy switched to another supplier and I had 2 seizures and ended up in the hospital. 
  I do at times have some brief dizziness and notice that I don&#039;t sweat as much but these are light side effects given some of the brain numbing comatose side effects of other drugs that I have tried."
"I don&#039;t normally like to take pills for anything unless it&#039;s prescription for a real reason but when I need to sleep, I use these. I took one the other night and knocked me out cold, only 1. I have to cut 1 in half so I don&#039;t wake up sleeping."
"Zoloft has been a life saver! I have been on this medicine for about 7 years now. Two kids (3 and 6 months) later I still have to use this medicine, and it works miracles. My husband deployed to Afghanistan and I do not think I could of made it through that time while taking care of our kids without this medicine. The only side effects I had were loss of appetite, tired, and mild headaches but that only lasts about a week. If your just starting this medicine hold on I promise this will help you feel like you again!"
"This is a big step up from golytely, the taste is better and even better yet only 2 small bottles not 1 gal."
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for 3 weeks and initially experienced dizziness for 4 days. That&#039;s gone away and I feel great. I have more energy and sleep better. My insurance won&#039;t cover Belviq until I tried 2 other weight loss meds, so I&#039;m grateful for the help with the $75 card from Belviq. I&#039;ve been able to control my eating and resist temptations. And I&#039;m down 14lbs! LOVE BELVIQ!"
"This is my second day taking it. The first night  I slept well  9 hours. The second nightI  had extreme restlessness and barely slept at all. It has helped my depression very well, however the anxiety is worse with racing thoughts and I can&#039;t stop moving or doing things. I haven&#039;t had the incredible appetite, just the opposite, I&#039;m not hungry. It&#039;s like I&#039;m a calmer manic. I&#039;m not sure if this med is going to help my anxiety at all."
"I started taking this medicine 03/08/10 at 215lbs..today is 04/14/10 and I am at 195lbs! Total loss of 20lbs in a little over a month.  I have been watching my calorie intake around  1000-1200 a day...and exercise at least 4-5 times a week (30-45 minutes each workout). During Easter I ate Easter dinner with the family and believe in having what I call my &quot;cheat day&quot; once a week.  I avoid fast food @ all cost excluding Subway and Wendy&#039;s where I can eat delicious low fat/low calorie food. One of my biggest weaknesses is sweet tea...I have switched from regular sugar to Splenda and I have adjusted well to the change. This medicine works, it helps me keep focused on my goal..30-40 more lbs to go!"
"I&#039;m just starting my 3rd week.  Here&#039;s what I&#039;ve experienced:
- less frequent trips to bathroom at night.  1 or 2 vs 4 normal (but if I drink coffee after dinner, I revert back to 4 ... same with beer)
- no ejaculate .. while somewhat disconcerting, all still feels the same during intercourse, I close my eyes during MB and don&#039;t worry about it
- more consistent stream
- stuffy nose
- Dr gave me a coupon so I only pay $15/month.  You can also download same at Rapaflo website (may not work if you&#039;re on medicare)

I go back to Dr next week to see if blood still in urine, I hope not!"
"I was given Tamiflu on Sunday February 14th my fever broke that evening and the aches went away but Tuesday morning I was so nauseous and had bad stomach cramps and diarrhea I couldn&#039;t function. Missed another day of work . Not sure side effects are worth it. Prescription was expensive and all I can say is my fever is gone.  Not sure if it was the meds or just the flu running its course. Recommend not taking it. Sometimes the cure is worse than the ailment."
"This is my go to cough medicine, it absolutely works the best for bronchitis cough or sinus infection. I have experienced headaches with this but found that if I drink a lot of water when I take it, that helps. We call it super syrup in our house."
"Ruined my life"
"I took this pill approximately 8 hours after my husband and I had intercourse. After missing my period I thought no way! I can&#039;t be pregnant maybe my periods are just thrown off.. the other day I purchased a pregnancy test just to be sure and it was a big fat POSITIVE!!! ladies please be careful taking this pill. I&#039;ve taken &quot;plan b&quot; in the past and had great luck but this one definitely doesn&#039;t compare.. USE WITH CAUTION."
"I didn&#039;t really notice any side affects too bad. More like bad sleeping habits (waking up at 2 am and not going back to sleep for two hours) and I also had nightmares quite frequently for two weeks. But I&#039;ve been taking it for 6 weeks now for depression and anxiety, and I feel great. I have so many more good days than I used to. I&#039;m not down as often."
"I&#039;m 15 and have been using this birth control for about 3 months now. I find it amazing! There is SOME spotting but its okay. As for weight gain, I gained 5 pounds and on a girl who&#039;s 5&#039;1 it looks like a lot. I never had acne ever and when I started the pill I had oily skin and acne. There are side effects but this pill is amazing and recommend it to everyone."
"I&#039;m a 49 yrs. woman and I have a different situation than most. I have ICC. Mine is caused by a rare auto- immune liver disease. I have stage 4 scarring of the bile ducts that run through my liver. The enzymes try to get to the food to help digest but it runs into a scarred liver. The process of breaking down food takes so long for me that food just doesn&#039;t move fast enough. That&#039;s how I get backed up and so distended in my belly.I look 6mo. pregnant sometimes. I can&#039;t say enough about Linzess. It&#039;s helped me so much. I have to take my dose at night so I can be close to the bathroom as many times as I need to be..Usually within 2-4 hours, I hear gurgling, nothing painful and yep..time to go...Lol! I&#039;m thrilled and feel so much better!"
"I&#039;m 18 and I&#039;ve been on Microgestin for a little over a year now. In summary, it is a good contraceptive and it cleared up my acne, but it is completely ineffective at regulating my menstrual cycle. 
Although it is an effective method of birth control, my periods have been all over the place since I have been on this pill (and they used to be pretty regular) and I had a pregnancy scare a few months ago because I missed my period and only had some light brown discharge the week prior to when it was supposed to come. Ever since, my period has come 5-12 days earlier than it&#039;s supposed to. Because of this, I have no idea when I&#039;m more fertile. I have never missed a pill but this still happens :("
"I have been using Soolantra for almost 5 weeks and honestly this is the best cream I bought in a long time. My skin looks and feels wonderful.  The little red bumps are completely gone (although they looked terrible during the first 2 - 3 weeks).  I wash my face with Lubex (Disodium Undecylenamido-MEA-sulfosuccinate) every morning and in the evening before applying Soolantra. 

Monthly cost:  Soolantra USD 38 and USD 12 for 150ml of Lubex in Switzerland.

I can highly recommend this combination."
"Although for some reason Lyrica seemed to make my pain medications oxycontin last longer or work better, Lyrica made my legs swell up. The pain was unbearable from the swelling and in the end I had a lot of broken veins. If you&#039;re swelling up and your doctor says &quot;oh, you just ate too much salt this week&quot; get another opinion to get off Lyrica and see if the swelling doesn&#039;t stop. I wish I could take it, it really did help. Good luck to all with Fibromyalgia, it&#039;s an awful and painful disease."
"Very good when pharmacy can get it. Several times months will go by and unable to get."
"Don&#039;t take on an empty stomach!  Always works great for me!"
"Am in UK.... PHENTERMINE is not a national health prescription drug,  so I have had to get mine through a slimming and diet clinic.   Started at 24 St 9 lbs....  My doctor weighs and takes my blood pressure every 2 weeks..  After 2 weeks,  lost 19 lbs,  after 4 weeks lost another 7lbs, after 6 weeks lost another 9lbs.   Lost 2.5 stone so far and feeling great apart from constipation.   I am taking favored.   I also get prescribed a water tablet and a multi vitamin.   I pay &pound;84 every 4 weeks which may seem a bit steep but I feel it&#039;s worth it...."
"Saved my life and my family recommend Suboxone to anybody who&#039;s addicted to opiates."
"After my thyroid surgery, I was put on Synthroid.  I continued to get WORSE until I was nearly totally bedridden.  I did some research and after several months, found a doctor who prescribed medications other than synthroid.  I started taking a Natural desiccated thyroid (NDT) medicine.   Within two weeks, I woke up and felt like getting out of bed.  I continued to improve, however my strength never came back.  I am totally confined to a wheelchair now."
"1st Moviprep was lemon flavour split dose night and early morning. Was not looking forward to the morning dose as tasted disgusting. Second bowl cleanse with Moviprep again but orange flavour this time and was a lot more palatable. A lot nicer then lemon flavour, as in UK the NHS sent it through for colonoscopy prep."
"This pill was wonderful at first. Did not experience weight gain, headaches, nausea, etc. I went through my teens without getting one pimple and never struggled with acne UNTIL taking junel. DO NOT TAKE THIS! My chin was covered with painful, cystic acne. Even now that I&#039;m off this pill my face has never fully cleared up."
"Worked wonders for me! After about a month on Savella I began to feel human again. It was so odd because I had forgotten what that felt like. Was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 10 years ago and started on Savella about 10 months ago. I am exercising and working in my yard every day. I had not done this for years. My family is even amazed at the difference. Thank you for this medication!"
"I&#039;ve had the Paragard for a year. Right after I got it, I had my period for two weeks. It was terrible. But I don&#039;t regret getting this birth control. I can&#039;t do extra hormones. They mess with my blood pressure and make me crazy so this seemed like the best option since I didn&#039;t want to get my tubes tied because I want more children. The bad reviews scare me, but so far for me after having it a year, I don&#039;t really have any complaints at all. And I don&#039;t have to worry about any &quot;oops&#039;s&quot; or anything like that. And my husband and I certainly don&#039;t need another child right now. We have six already."
"I was prescribed sulfameth for a gross bacterial infection (jacuzzi rash).  While on it I experienced headaches, foul gas, loss of appetite, constant thirst, extreme fatigue, dizziness, spotting, diarrhea (should have kept up with my probiotics).  On the eighth day I had itchy hives ALL over my body, severe lower back pain, neck &amp; shoulder pain &amp; stiffness.  Dr. said to stop medicine &amp; consider myself allergic to sulfa drugs.  My original rash had cleared up but so did my two children who didn&#039;t have any antibiotics.  For me, obviously not worth the side effects."
"Was put on this pill after I came off microgynon after 5 years as it made me insane. I&#039;ve been on loestrin for 3 months and will be changing as soon as I can. I have been having the most severe nightmares on this pill and I am woken up every night in a tizz. Also my boobs have grown a cup size which is good, but I have also gained weight and can&#039;t seem to shift it. Feel constantly fat. Also all my life I have had essentially perfect skin but since being on this pill my skin is constantly greasy which has resulted into spots. On the plus side, mood is generally good and no pregnancys but the nightmares are too big of a deal to carry on"
"This was not very effective for me and it made me feel worse the next day even if I got 8 hours of sleep. It isn&#039;t really worth it."
"I&#039;m on first package. I lost a baby 2 months ago so I&#039;m on these pills while I make up my mind about having another baby. All is great but one night I forgot to take the pill and my mood did changed. Also my appetite has lower I had lost 5 lbs in a few weeks. Be aware of your emotions and you will do fine."
"I feel like a zombie if I don&#039;t get enough restorative sleep. I have been on 100 mg a day, but am on 75mg most of the time. I notice that most of the people that are not getting relief from the pain and insomnia are taking the smaller doses. I have been on it for probably 20 years. I can&#039;t tolerate most other medicines."
"Surprisingly they do really work. You can still get them, you just have to look in the eye drop section or go to your local Chinese acupuncturist, they have a brand called, &quot;Pi yen chin&quot;. They are the exact same thing. It took me awhile to believe my acupuncturist, but I&#039;m glad I did."
"This product is unreal. I was always sweating for no reason, at work under my arms were wet all day and all my undershirts were ruined. Then it got worse if I felt like someone was looking at my or I got emberassed my forehead would sweat...seriously this product is amazing works like a charm"
"suboxone got me off of painkillers but left me addicted to it and my doctor wanted to keep me on it so I had to stop cold turkey on my own after being on it for 5 and 1/2 years. withdrawal was bad for about a week but some symptoms lasted a couple of months, but it was worth it because now I am my normal self again and much happier. It&#039;s now been over a year and I don&#039;t even think about it anymore.If I had known more about suboxone I would have just quit painkillers without it."
"I had never taken any type of birth control until I met my fiancee. I was on Implanon for almost 11 months and I hated it! I had all the side effects that came with it, plus my period for all those months non-stop and to say I almost ruined my relationship and to top it off I got an infection for using tampoms all the time. Anyway today is my 5 day taking Sronyx and I already feel great no side effects what so ever. I&#039;m happy again without any mood swings. I really recommend this pill."
"I have taken 10mg of Crestor for 3  yrs. I have experienced several issues with this statin as well as others.  After 8 weeks on Crestor my HDL went from 289 to 79; on paper, I looked great!  But over the last several years of taking statins, I have experienced several bad side effects. Severe bone and muscle pain; loss of muscle mass. I felt depressed; lots of mood changes. I became a wimp in bed.  After taking statins for 5  yrs, I went to a cardiologist and had several things checked; nothing wrong.  But recently, had blood test that showed problems with muscle and bone loss. STOPPED. After a couple of weeks I am feeling great.  Your brain uses cholesterol for basic functioning and to make testosterone."
"I had the Implanon in 2010 6 weeks after I had my daughter, Since then I have not been able to lose much weight and have mood swings, along with no sex drive. I have been feeling like I am not myself. I am not ever again getting this birth control. I have periods that may be light but go on for months. I want my old self back and plan on getting it taken out soon."
"I&#039;ve had the most horrible left arm and neck with upper spine/back pain and this patch has stopped my spine pain. I only feel pain in my left arm now. I&#039;m amazed for now. Just getting started. Wicked dreams though."
"Taking 20mg, all I can say is &quot;guess it is ok, when it works.&quot;  I have tried the top three oral medications for ED.  I can say that when it works it stimulates a very firm erection.  However, I have begun to feel like soon as it takes effect I have better take advantage. I normally do suffer headaches mild to moderate, and get very flushed.  We also have noticed that the time it takes to start working has varied from 1 - 4 hours."
"Works fantastic."
"This is my 3rd day of taking Alesse. I switched from Loestrin 24 FE because my insurance would only cover $4 and was asking me to pay $67 for it. I am trying birth control to see if it may help even out my migraines. So far, not good. I am going on day 2 of a horrible migraine. I think once my body readjusts to the medicine, my headache will go away. I was the same way with the Loestrin. I&#039;m not sure about any other side effects as my migraine has masked everything else."
"Couldn&#039;t sleep for days; I felt less pain but I began doing things that were not safe or rational. It also raised my blood pressure to dangerous level."
"Exacerbated all negative feelings.  Switched to Effexor worked much better."
"I got an IUD because I have migraines and am unable to take estrogen. I personally believe that this is by far the best type of birth control out there because you don&#039;t have to think about it at all and can do anything with it. I am 20, 5ft 105lbs and I believed the insertion was very hard and painful. The measurement is the worst part and the insertion feels like a bad cramp but doesn&#039;t last long. What&#039;s hard is the very intense cramps I consistently got for 7 weeks along with the constant spotting. The only issues I have with it is my periods are now longer and lighter, almost spotty and this is very annoying. I get very bad cramps from it to the point where I wake up in the middle of the night."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 years to great success. I started on the lowest dose and there was a difficult adjustment period, and I continued to experience breakthrough bleeding even after the other symptoms subsided. I was bumped up to 1.5/30 and it&#039;s been smooth sailing ever since!

I started the pill exclusively for birth control, but its had the wonderful side effect of helping with my once very heavy and PMS-driven periods. I no longer experience ANY PMS, bleed lighter and for shorter periods, and only experience very mild cramps on occasion. Other than that, the only side effect I have is breast tenderness, but this is few and far between."
"I got my paragard about 3 days ago. The procedure itself was by far the most pain I have ever felt in my life, I did take some pain reliever before hand and right after I left the office and had almost no relief, for the first night the pain was so bad it was waking me out of my sleep. For the past 2 days I have had cramping that comes and goes all day long and still having some spotting here and there, I am hoping this cramping stops soon as they are more intense then what I am used to with my period."
"I have been on Opana for 2.5 years and i never felt better i take it 2x a day and oxycodone 30mgs 4x a day I am 55 years old and with my medicines I can do things like a 20 year old. The best pain medicine ever. I have been on different pain medicines for 18 years."
"I think if you have any concerns about your U.T. Function . Then see your doctor I can go with eze and without effort. I went from going every hour all day and night to going every 2-4 hours and sleeping through the night unless I drink a lot before bed. This medicine works very well but there are many more, don&#039;t be afraid to request something different."
"I been taking this medicine for 4 months now at 50mg at bedtime and it has changed my life.  Anxiety stress and depression strongly minimized. I fall instantly asleep instead of being up all night worrying. Best sleep in 20 years."
"Within two days of starting this drug my Delayed Pressure Urticaria, DPU, came under control. It controls it so far to about at the 95% level. I had a couple of major flare-ups the first day I took it, but I suspect the levels had not built up in my blood yet. I have had one headache but unknown if this drug caused it.  My allergies are also under control. The Urticaria still appears a little but much less in size, scope and no itching or raised welts. No feelings of tiredness for me, in fact it kind of speeds me up. I&#039;m amazed that a cousin of Zyrtec can do so much more. Zyrtec didn&#039;t touch the hives before, even when taking up to triple the normal daily dose. If you have hives give it a try."
"I finally worked up the courage to talk with my doctor about erections and asked for a prescription. I take an antiseizure medicine that has erectile dysfunction as a side effect and am 62. The erection effects of this medicine are amazing. I split a 20mg pill in as many pieces as I can without them crumbling, usually 5, and let them dissolve under my tongue. If I take some Friday night I am good for the weekend and have that fullness feeling throughout the day that makes me feel like a 20 year old and have a hair trigger erection when we are ready for sex. Stuffy nose is irritating, mildly dull headache that Tylenol takes care of. First couple of weeks taking this I did experience muscle aches but these went away as my body became more accustom to it."
"Sweating and constipation are my complaints. I was on citalopram for years but stopped working. Two days later, on Lexapro, I&#039;m feeling much better. I have more energy and sleeping much, much better. Two weeks now, I&#039;m fine."
"I&#039;ve tried all the benzos to treat my panic attacks, and this one I chose to settle on. It&#039;s the most mild on my system. The effects are subtle, but they successfully address the anxiety without making me too tired. I try not too take more than 2 10mg pills per week. I also take 200mg Lamictal and 20mg Prozac, which lessened the instances of panic."
"I have been taking Chateal for about 3 weeks; after a year long break from birthcontrol. So far the only negative side effects are tender/sore breasts. I have taken 3 different types of pills in the past, nuva ring, and depo shot, so far Chateal is pretty good. I have noticed bloating but it seems to be water weight and has reduced significantly on its own within the past couple of days. My mood and emotions, I find this pill to actually be somewhat of a mood booster! I am the happiest I have been in a long time and my emotions are pretty stable. Acne: I have always had acne (I&#039;m 23) and birthcontrol has always helped. Nuva Ring was the best for acne but after being off birth control for a year my acne went haywire. Chateal has helped."
"I used to just take ibuprofen and that would only take the edge off but I will still be in a lot of pain that I have vomited before and had to go home from work. Then I tried taking ibuprofen and paracetamol at the same time, 2 of each every 4 hours which was better but I could still feel the pain. Then someone suggested I try Naproxen and it has honestly changed my life. Now I only need to take 2 the first time and then 1 every 6-8 hours and I am almost totally pain free. I&#039;m just kicking myself I didn&#039;t try it 10 years ago. I&#039;m Australian so I just buy it over the counter and it about $20 for a packet."
".Scariest drug reaction I have ever had.   Started with being awakened by difficulty breathing (middle of night).  took some antihistamines, and tried slow controlled breaths;  then used an inhaler.   Frequent urination (really frequent  with some leakage!).   
   By morning had sores in mouth from the swelling,  red tissues in mouth, swollen eyelids, lips and face.   Started a fever which went up to 103,  Then got big leopard spots all over (why not, in Africa?)
   a pharmacist in our group insisted this must be anything  but the Malarone because even he and his wife were taking it.!!!  Don&#039;t listen to people like that, almost continued to take it.  Horrible experience, quit it and did not get malaria which would have been preferable."
"During a recent stretch of terrible anxiety which  crept up very slowly, I suddenly became incapacitated. I was in fear of everything and I couldn&#039;t function- AT ALL. I went to my doctor and explained the symptoms and he recommended Lexapro 10 mg. with Klonopin .5 mg. as needed. I took both medications and the Klonopin erased all the startup side effects of the Lexapro such as increased nervousness, insomnia, and poor appetite. As soon as the Lexapro kicked in, ( about three weeks) I was able to step off the Klonopin and have felt great ever since. Anxiety has been wiped out and sleep has improved. I feel 100% better. Don&#039;t give up, this medication WORKS !!"
"Had ADHD symptoms growing up, due to cultural reasons and beliefs, family always dismissed it. 
In 2nd year law school at the moment, had to work 5x harder than others. Started living away from family and finally got ADHD diagnosis done. Was prescribed concerta. 
I was 154cm height and 47kg before concerta. 
Titration period - 18mg 1 week, 27mg 1w, 36mg 3w and 54mg 8w. 18-27mg at first was amazing. No side effects, brimming with motivation but, wore in 4h. 36mg, was ok but wasn&#039;t as great as the initial effect, wore off after 4h. 54mg, developed an uncontrollable cough, mood swings, dry mouth, anxiety. Lost 5kg weight. Now on Vyvanse. Cough took 2 + weeks since quitting concerta to stop. Advice - if side effects are bad &amp; lasts 1w+ change meds!"
"My 6 year old has been on Enbrel for about 3 months for JRA and Uveitis. I would give this medicine a 10 if it was working on her eyes as well as it is on her joints. Little to no swelling in affected joints but she is still having flares in her eyes. No side effects so far and she actually looks forward to the injection because it makes her feel better."
"I have suffered with strong facial hair on my neck &amp; chin for 2yrs. It was an nightmare I would stand in a mirror plucking for 2hrs which is not good when you have a school run to do. I have recently noticed my facial hair getting worse &amp; the more I plucked the more rashes in growing hairs I was getting. It was ruining my life. I went to my local GP with an infection on my neck from plucking &amp; he prescribed me Vaniqa cream. I have to tell everyone who suffers like me don&#039;t get the cream it&#039;s amazing I have been using it for 3days (not long I know) but the difference in my skin &amp; hair growth is amazing. I have smoother skin &amp; my bumps are nearly none existent."
"Well a good medicine if taken in time to stop pregnancy but the side effects it hurts.  I had cramps and headaches which are terrible for me."
"I had severe OCD starting around 14. My anxiety level was horrible. At age of about 50 a doctor said he would calm me down so I could be more functional. I took 4 1mg tablets a day with no side effects other than lowering my anxiety to a acceptable level. I still take klonopin and consider it best drug I have ever tried and still use it"
"My stomach couldn&#039;t handle the normal adderall so I tried adderall XR. It took a while for me to really enjoy the medication but with combination of cymbalta I don&#039;t have real up&#039;s and downs. I take 90mg, I am a muscular 255 pound male. I would recommend adderall, side effects, dependancy, dry mouth, less hunger until you come down at night."
"Helps with restless extremities aiding falling asleep."
"I&#039;ve been on this for almost a year and I&#039;ve never had any issue except mild nausea before my period. My periods use to be very heavy and last two weeks and the PMS would take a serious toll on me. On this my periods are lighter and last 4-5 days. My PMS is significantly lessened. I still get teary eyed pretty easily before my period but now I&#039;m not a raging PMS machine."
"I have been taking 75mg twice per day now
for 10 days. I have severe back pain from
an injury. I did not think that such a small pill twice a day could help. I was ready to stop useing it after three days because of the side effects of feeling totally &quot;out of it&quot;.I had mood swings, dizzyness and confusion.Those side effects have now eased up and my pain has
become less severe.I have had weight gain
and wonder if it causes water retention.
I feel bloated. Hope this helps"
"Diabetic for 17 years. On Metformin 2000mg, Sitagliption 50 mg and Glimperide 2 mg. A1C is 6.5. Weight 200 lbs. 
Started Invokana 100mg last week once daily. Primary reason to start this to see if any weight loss is possible and to eventually stop glimperide and if possible Sitagliptin. No problems so far except a some increase in urine output, which is expected. Hence giving a rating of 5. I will repost after 3 months with any weight loss  and A1C numbers. The drug is relatively cheap in India, around $25 for thirty 100 mg tablets that lasts a month."
"After struggling with depression for  over ten years and trying over twenty different medications, I have finally found one that works. I have been on this medication for about four years and it has been life changing. I have had no side effects (which isn&#039;t common with these types of medications) The only &#039;negative&#039; thing about this medication is that if you accidentally miss a dose you will get really bad side effects."
"I&#039;m a 31 year old male diabetic and was having problems with erectile dysfunction.  I started on a Cialis regimen and it only slightly helped.  My urologist then tested me for Testosterone and found I was in the low 200 range.  He gave me a month supply and a prescription for Testim.  The first month there didn&#039;t seem too much impact, but by the second month I had both more energy and sex drive. The erectile dysfunction problem was greatly reduced and in some cases the Cialis isn&#039;t needed.

As a side note, some people complain about the smell.  I think it just smells like cheap aftershave, but doesn&#039;t really bother me.  My girlfriend and two of my close friends that are also female think it smells wonderful.  I&#039;m not sure if it a pheromone response or just pleasing to them."
"I love ziana. Since I was 15 years old I experienced &quot;zits on nose&quot; their basically huge pimples that grow so big under your skin and stays their for about two weeks, this was the worst experience. Throughout the years I&#039;ve tried so many medications but nothing worked. Now I&#039;m 18, after 3-4 years of having zits on my nose continuously ziana is working with me and now my nose is how I wanted it to be, thank you ziana &amp; thanks to my dermatologist."
"Don&#039;t stress it works, maximum effectiveness under 24 hrs, total life saver, it definitely is worth the $50"
"Been using naproxen almost daily for years, for back and hand related near chronic pain-partially due to inflammation and swelling.  Had to stop taking ALL NSAID&#039;s on orders from my GI Dr. 
USED 3,000mg daily ACETAMENOPHEN FOR 3 MONTHS-much less effective than min dose naproxen had been for pain and useless for inflammation/swelling  (using large doses of omega 3/fish oil for inflammation.)
Started tramadol about 2 weeks ago, noticed difference over acetamenophen alone in the first 2 days while taking 25mg at a time and still ramping up to 4x daily.  Now I take it every 6 hours, and if I miss a dose-especially the last one at night-significant pain and stiffness returns. Hope to switch to extended release version."
"Best decision I&#039;ve made is to get Nexplanon. Reliable, long term birth control, with very few side effects. I&#039;ve gained a small amount of weight (about 10 pounds) but I also gained a similar amount on the traditional pill. 

I haven&#039;t had a single period since getting it, which is amazing. I followed my doctors suggestion of taking my last month of pills on top of my first month of having  Nexplanon."
"I was prescribed 15mg tablets to take one at night for sleep (or Doctor said 7.5mg was fine). I suffered from Anxiety (No Severe Phobias; more Obsessive Compulsive Disorder type personality), and Depression. This medicine affects your sleep feeling natural, not zombied. I sleep longer, it works better than heavy sedation medicines without being groggy, and I get through all the proper stages of sleep (I&#039;d assume), as it has helped my depression MAJORLY &amp; anxiety sufficient enough. I use to take Seroquel (for bedtime sleep 100mg), it zombies you and is long term very bad for your health. I tried about every SSRI &amp; SNRI, and none seemed to help &amp; only cause problems. I haven&#039;t felt this good in 8 years. Felt better immediately &amp; GREAT after 2 weeks! Hope it helps you."
"I had a positive  experience , was effective"
"Better than Ritalin. "
"This is the first time I&#039;ve been on BC, and so far things are going pretty well. It&#039;s been 2 months and have had 3 periods (although I was told to start my first pack the day I started my period, so perhaps that one doesn&#039;t completely count). Each period has been lighter and shorter than they were before, with some cramping but nothing terrible. I had mentally prepared myself for moodiness, but I haven&#039;t noticed any difference there. No acne, no headaches. The 1st month was completely symptom free, but the 2nd month has brought some bloating, indigestion, and nausea. I have found, however, that keeping my blood sugar at a normal level keeps the nausea at bay. Plan to stay on it for now and see how the 3rd month goes."
"I have been on Latuda 80mg for almost 2 months for bipolar. I can&#039;t function. It has made me more depressed than ever and I wasn&#039;t even depressed in the first place. All I had was really bad anger. Doctor told me I am bipolar???? I use to be happy and full of energy. Now I can&#039;t get out of bed."
"Week 1- sore throat. Bruising not healed.
Weak 2-5: major mood swings, irritability, cramping, spotting to full on period (2 weeks), acne."
"Started a 10 day regimen 3 days ago for a sinus infection but stopped today. Terrible GI reaction with diarrhea. Also now having restless legs at night."
"this drug works great on panic disorder.It calms me down alot. It is addictive the only downfall."
"I was set on trying Wellbutrin. I have tried Paxil and one other I can&#039;t even recall the name of. They made me feel like a zombie and my husband wasn&#039;t fond of them due to the sexual side effects. Wellbutrin was the hardest drug to get accustomed to. I went for a month having one side effect after the other. One week would be sleepless nights, the next would be general irritation at everything and everyone and perhaps the worst was nausea. I stuck it out and I am extremely glad I did. It has been amazing for me. I am much more motivated and excited about life. It increased my sex drive 100%! I also tend to be a social smoker and it obliterated that for me. I love this medicine. I take 400 mg daily."
"I was told about this medicine about 10 years ago.   At the time I could only find the original strength, and quickly found out that I could not take during the day because it knocks me out and I will be sleeping.  It is the only medicine that will take away the pain I am having.   I had knee surgery twice in a year and the prescription pain medicine I had took away some pain,  but with the Percogesic, the rest of the pain went away and I got to sleep.   I tried the maximum strength last year for the first time and discovered that it didn&#039;t make me sleep. ...actually hyped me up.   I discovered it was different than the original strength by having an antihistamine in which I am sensitive too.  So now I can take during the day. its the best!"
"I have been on this medication for about 5 years now, 4 tablets a day, down from 6 a day.  Thank goodness it has worked, as when I had attacks, I lost 20lbs in 6 weeks.  Symptoms are pretty much gone, and life returned to normal about 2 months after beginning this medication. I was 55 when diagnosed, and just turned 60 and am doing fine.  I have no apparent side effects."
"I have used Levora for a long period of time and never had any issues to speak of. My appetite stayed low and my sex drive was better than without the pill. My weight was easier to maintain, and it never shot up like with other pills I have used. My periods were also not only always on time but became lighter and shorter the longer I was on it.  When I came off of it over this last year I gained about 50 pounds but in that time frame I also had a knee surgery so my activity dropped drastically from normal. I don&#039;t think I can complain about anything regarding this form of contraception. Didn&#039;t have migraines, depression or anything of the other symptoms/side effects."
"I am using these to quit vaping. I cannot believe how effective they are!  I barely even think about vaping. I smoked heavily for 10 years, and vaped heavily for 5 years.  I still have that muscle memory of wanting to pick up my mod and it not being there, or getting ready to leave the house and not having to grab it. Those things you can&#039;t help, but I have almost zero cravings. When I do it&#039;s because of triggers like after eating and when driving and it passes quickly. I tried the gum and for me it didn&#039;t work at all like not even a little bit. I would recommend Nicoderm to anyone that&#039;s ready to quit!"
"I have been using Symbicort for the past two years. Before that I had constant chest infections and has loads of steroids and antibiotics. But since I was given this I can do a lot more and don&#039;t need my Ventolin very much at all."
"This medicine is horrible. My doctor switched me to this from zofran because of constipation. I took this 1 time and it is causing severe anxiety, blurred vision, irritability and an overall weird and bad feeling all over. I needed a medication for severe pregnancy nausea and this did absolutely nothing but make me feel horrible. It also made my headaches worse. I am throwing the remainder of the pills in the trash bc that it what they are."
"Azor user for 7 years, maybe 8...sky high blood pressure that comes from a long family lineage. Was on 10/20 mg. for most of the time, now on 5/20 - I usually maintain a 105/68 - 120/70 with a pulse that rarely goes above 65. I can&#039;t say enough about this medication, I went from a red faced angry fool to being a pussy cat. On my very worst days - intense stress or pain I&#039;ll max at 130/90 but that&#039;s about 3-5 times a year.  I don&#039;t do the generic, I&#039;m loyal to the Azor brand - it has a certain smell that the generic doesn&#039;t, crazy or not I got used to the smell. You&#039;d have to take both to understand...nonetheless the one month I went generic my blood pressure was spotty."
"My daughter (8 yrs old) started taking Focalin 5 weeks into this school year.  Her teacher agrees that it is working wonderfully for her.  She is focused and her grades are great.  She was struggling to read, to make it through a regular school day, to do homework and to get along. We asked her how she feels on Focalin and she said &quot; I feel so much better&quot;.  She is on 15 mg once daily and it is SUPER."
"I have had constipation for one year. My Dr. had me try all the usual, after having a colonoscopy. High-fibre diet did not help. Had a CT of abdomen and pelvis, with no problems. Also had a gall bladder scan. 
The first 2 days on Linzess were awful: cramps, bloating, nausea, and unexpected diarrhea. It took about 10 days for me to acclimate. My gastroenterologist tweaked the dose to take the capsule after breakfast. Then, after another adjustment (taking the capsule every other day), everything is fine. Routinely, I do not plan to be away from a bathroom for 2 hours after taking a capsule."
"57 YOM. Taking Cialis/Tadalafil for 3 years &amp; it has changed my life, my wife&#039;s life &amp; our marriage for the better. My weak/sporadic erection issues started 4-5 years ago; felt like woody had a perpetual leak. Tried exercise, ginseng, nuts, avocados, oysters etc. with little success. Very frustrating for me &amp; my wife.Decided to see an MD when my wife could not get me hard with oral sex. MD gave me a quick physical/blood test, then he gave me 2 10mg and 30 5mg cialis samples.He told me to take the 10mg on my Friday night &amp; have fun. Wow, was he right! Having rock hard wood &amp; great sex (oral, front or back door) with my wife ever since. Take 2.5mg (breaking 5mg in half) every night before bed with no side effects except great sex!  Good luck!"
"I was diagnosed with genital herpes earlier today, though the symptoms began a month ago and I mistaken it for a yeast infection. The sores started last Monday (5 days ago). 
The burning was so bad to the point where I had trouble walking. After applying acyclovir earlier I experienced moderate burning for a short amount of time but after sitting down for awhile I felt relief. let&#039;s hope that tomorrow the sores aren&#039;t as painful"
"I&#039;ve had acne for about 3-4 years. Was prescribed doxy and can not get through a week of taking it! It&#039;s been 5 days and I haven&#039;t had a pimple at all where I was getting at least two a day BUT on the fifth day I have small bumps on my forehead and my forehead is always clear but that&#039;s not the issue. I had severe headaches every night, my head felt so tight! I also got a small rash on my arm (about the size of a coin) on the forth day. The next day I had about 2 more small rashes on my body. My chest and boobs are covered in little spots and some have a white head, same with my back and I never had issues with my back or chest before! Down stairs area is so dry and sore. Honestly can&#039;t stand the side effects. Not worth the pain!"
"I used Yaz for about a year and it was obviously effective for preventing pregnancy and it did clear up my skin but for me there were a few negative side effects.  It took a while for me to realize it was the Yaz causing the problems.  I suddenly had very brittle dry hair that would break off and it just didn&#039;t seem to grow very much.  My cuticles became very dry which caused my nails to become more apt to breakage.  My eyes were very dry and I had to use eye drops several times a day.  I have been off of Yaz for about 3 weeks and already my hair is so much healthier and seems to be growing back in and my nails have not broken in a few weeks.  I have gone from using eye drops a few times a day to a few times a week.  The down side of being off of Yaz is my skin has broken out more but I can deal with that better than all the other symptoms."
"I was given Viibryd for generalized anxiety disorder.  It sure delivered....but at a cost.  The first couple of weeks that I was on this drug I had vivid dreams.  Some scary.  When I forgot to take my pill one morning, I felt very foggy all day at work, and then my face got super itchy.  I read that I shouldn&#039;t take it when I got home, but to wait until the next day, and take it the next morning, as usual.  BAD IDEA!!  I had horrible brain zaps!  Like someone put a live wire on my head.  When I finally fell asleep, I had the worst dream ever.  This dream woke me up and I was terrified.  I took the pill at midnight, ASAP, and it helped.  Within an hour I was asleep.  Not an experience I would ever want to go through again!!!
So, I was on this drug for a few years, and while it really helped my social anxiety.  Never got a nervous stomach ache while on this pill - and I even started with a direct sales business and was actually teaching small classes at people&#039;s homes.  (That was unheard of for me!  I was the shyest kid in class back in my childhood days). I was feeling super confident, but started having gastric issues and gained 30 lbs.  I have always been very thin, so 30 lbs made me feel horrible about myself.  The drug inflamed my stomach and made me a sugar fiend.  Basically, I felt like a heroin addict - but with sugar/carbs.  I hated myself because I couldn&#039;t stop eating dessert!  The sugar made my depression worse, and super fatigued.  I didn&#039;t realize that any of this was caused by the drug, so I saw numerous doctors, had ultrasounds, GIs, colonoscopies, etc., and spent a ton of $$ on those doctor/lab bills.  I prayed and prayed, and saw that others had some similar reactions.  I weaned off the pill, and lost 21 lbs so far.  I feel pretty normal.  But I am still taking Bupropion for depression.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DRUG!!!!"
"I love this product. Usually my cold sores are anywhere from 1-2 weeks, I woke up with a cold sore Friday got the cream and applied it at least every hour and that very day the sore burst on its own and it is Monday morning and its already healing and has gotten SIGNIFICANTLY smaller and I noticed its not as red as it was so its hardly noticeable. I&#039;m sure this will be gone by Weds/Thurs the latest. It is very small packaging but every time I put some on I use a Qtip and a little goes a long way. It still looks unused and I&#039;ve put it on at least every hour since I got it. Honestly at first I was discouraged from using it because of the reviews but I&#039;m so glad I still got it."
"I started off using the pills, but if my migraine had already made me vomit, the pills would not work. I have now switched to the injection and highly recommend it! I can feel the relief in minutes. I feel a little fuzzy and need to lay down right after injection. The sleep is much needed and I wake up pain free and no side effects. The injection does hurt a little, but nothing compared to the pain of a migraine."
"Only 2 days in and I have zero appetite. I am focusing on weight lifting rather than cardio for my exercise and I have to force myself to eat so I get enough protein in, otherwise I truly believe I wouldn&#039;t eat a single thing all day. And even then, I&#039;m extremely stuffed after just a few bites. I do get a bit jittery for an hour or two after taking my pill. I&#039;ve also experienced what I&#039;ll call &quot;pent up energy&quot;. I don&#039;t get energy like I want to run around cleaning the house, it&#039;s an energy like I want to go lift heavy weights. I would almost say it&#039;s an aggressive energy but in a violent or mean manner at all. I hope this continues to work as it has these first few days. If it does I&#039;ll reach my fat loss goal in no time"
"I&#039;ve been taking this in tablet form for failed back surgery, and CRPS in both legs up to the thigh. It doesn&#039;t relieve all the pain, but it relieves enough to get me through my day of being a full time stay-at-home single dad. I think I got better relief from the oxycodone I was on before, but it would only last 2-3 hours, whereas the Dilaudid lasts a solid 4 hours, so I get a little bit more time with my little guy where my pain is under control. Wish I could take the ER version, but due to gastric bypass, no ER tablets work on me... Can&#039;t say it&#039;s given me my life back, because I was a wind turbine technician when I became disabled, but I get enough relief to be with my son instead of on the bed in relentless agonising pain."
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin for a year and a half now. I had been reluctant to admit I was depressed even though I was miserable. I was rude and snappish with everyone, unhappy with myself and just wanted to die. Then I started Wellbutrin.  Immediately, those thoughts in my head about what an awful person I was stopped.  When I consciously tried to think about them again, I couldn&#039;t do it without my brain also coming up with all the reasons those negative thoughts were ridiculous and untrue. The only side effect I noticed was lack of appetite but that went away after about three weeks.  This medicine works really well for me.  I feel so much more like myself."
"This medicine has helped my son be able to control his impulse decisions and helped him be able to go to school and do homework."
"I use Cialis occasionally on new encounters. Have noticed that although it works perfectly well most of the times, I have experienced occasions when there was little or no effect at all. The price is high so I restrict its use at a minimum."
"I was first prescribed Pristiq and found it to seriously affect my interest in sex.  I was then switched to Wellbutrin.  I have been on this medication for 2 months now.  At first I had severe headaches and almost gave up.  I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t because I am feeling much better.  I do find it hard to sleep some nights but hopefully that too will pass.  I also feel nausea occasionally.  My moods seems much better, negative thoughts creep up but quickly go away and I feel more content.  I am currently on 150 mg."
"This product is the real deal. I lost 20 pounds in 1 month. The first week I felt weird, like I was high. The energy is great.I never exercised because I was over whelmed with my job &amp; school. And I ate what I wanted to. I only drink lots of water and sometimes with Crystal Light, no sweets. Everyone wants to know what I am doing. I recommend this to everyone that needs a boost to drop the pounds. I started 188, today I&#039;m 162. That&#039;s a lost of 26 pounds in 5 weeks. Next week I will start exercising."
"I am 25 years old married and since my daughter was born 2 years ago I&#039;ve slowly been feeling less like myself. Most recently I&#039;ve been irritable, low sex drive with Erectile Dysfunction and more emotional about things that used to not bother me. So I went to my doctor and low and behold was diagnosed with low testosterone. He prescribed me Fortesta. To be honest I was pretty skeptical. I figured it would take a week or 2 to feel anything. But I was really surprised at how quick I felt a difference. Granted I&#039;m only on day two but I can definitely feel a difference in my mood and my gym time was more fulfilling than usual. I haven&#039;t tested it out in the bedroom yet but my sex drive has also been better than usual. I&#039;m really looking forward to the weeks to come."
"This medicine changed my life. I used to get urinary tract infections during pregnancy, breastfeeding, after sex all the time, until a doctor prescribed put me on this daily. Never have a urinary tract infection again while on it. No side effects for me, just pain free pee."
"After having tried just about every medication. Zyprexa is the one that kept me asleep. Of course there are some mornings I wake up early. Like about 4-5 in the morning. Those nights are rare. As far as weight gain? It hasn&#039;t been an issue. And I wish everybody the best of luck while taking these medications. Because finding the right fit takes lots of patience:)"
"I had extremely adverse effects when the dobutamine stress echo happened. I had extremely high blood pressure and headache. My heart went into v-tach, v-fib and the PVC&#039;s were every other beat. The RN who administered the test told me I should refuse it from now on and use the nuclear test. My test was so bad, the cardiologist could not read it."
"I started the nuva ring after my body rejected the copper IUD.  Loved that it was easy to use and painless.  I didn&#039;t find it gross to put in or take out like I thought I would.  It killed my libido.  Thank god I had a understanding boyfriend.  When we did have sex I occasionally would forget to put it back in which lead to a few scares but nothing ever came of them.  Overall I stopped after 6 months because my lack of libido was frustrating for me and him."
"I have been on Effexor XR 150 mg for 20 years it certainly has help with my suicidal thoughts and panic attacks. I also take 2 x 1mg of Xanax. I started seeing a new primary care doctor yesterday who thinks I should be taken off both since I have been on it for so long but I have read some awful things about the withdrawal problems and it makes me scared.
"
"I have been taking tramadol for about 3 years for restless leg syndrome. My doctor tried several other drugs for this and all they did was enhance the problem. Took my first two tramadol and had the best nights sleep I have had in years."
"I came off antibiotics for acne when my dermatologist prescribed me tretinoin cream .025%. He told me to wash my face with benzoyl peroxide topical wash 2x a day, apply differin in the morning, &amp; apply the tretinoin at night. He said coming off the antibiotics would initially cause me to break out but that it&#039;d get better.

It&#039;s been 4 months &amp; the complete opposite has happened. The 1st 2 months I had almost no acne for the 1st time in my life. My skin was still dry, as it&#039;s always been, but using moisturizer helped with that. However, the last 4-6 weeks I&#039;ve been suffering terribly from acne on my chin &amp; cheeks. To make it worse, the area around the zits is extremely dry. I guess ill just keep using the cream, hopefully this is temporary."
"I&#039;m 21 years old, and have been diagnosed as major depressive and having generalized anxiety since I was 17. Since then I&#039;ve been on three different antidepressants from citalopram to Zoloft, and they all had mediocre effects on my depression. It wasn&#039;t until I saw a new psychiatrist and had a new diagnosis of bipolar l that I started to experience genuine relief. I attribute most of my recovery to Latuda. In the first weeks of taking this medicine I experienced terrible akathisia (the feeling of tickles or ants in your body) which kept me up at night, but after a few weeks I was told to take it with my trazadone (my sleeping pill) at night and the sensation went away. It was probably only a few weeks when I began to feel normal."
"This drug makes it possible for me to live a normal life. It doesn&#039;t affect me the was it is supposed to. I&#039;ve had severe depression after having a miscarriage and basically having a complete breakdown. My PCP prescribed it for insomnia to get me through until the antidepressants kicked in. I took it one night and it didn&#039;t make me tired but I felt calm and for the first time in weeks I was able to have clear thoughts. I was able to do housework and talk about my feelings more. I take it in the morning and it actually gives me the drive to make it through the day."
"Very helpful. Able to function with pain and hold down same highly demanding, professional managerial job. Couldn&#039;t do without duragesic  on multiple jobs prior to using this."
"I was one of those people who could not even wear a T-shirt because of excessive underarm sweat. I would wear sweaters all through summer, and the sweat even went through them. It was awful. After the first night of Drysol, boom, not a drop of sweat. Now, about 6 months later, I only need to use it once every couple of weeks. This thing is a miracle product, and well worth the itching of one night before you fall asleep."
"I have severe sleep apnea and was put on a CPAP machine. I never felt like it did any good,was still tired as heck. Dr.put me on Nuvigil and it is great. Some days I am still tires but not like before."
"I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and was given Lexapro along with cognitive therapy. The first week Lexapro made me worse than I was originally. However, it worked wonders and has helped me immensely to get my life back in order.  I started on a light dosage at 10mg and in 4 weeks jumped to 20mg which is typical.  This combined with cognitive therapy has got me back on track.  I really didn&#039;t experience any side effects except feeling crappy when I first got on it.  Within 4 weeks it was fine.  To me it is like taking aspirin everyday now."
"The patch worked fine until this week. Just recently the patch would start to come off my skin very early. My most recent patch came off 4 days early. What was under the patch is what I am warning you about. My skin was blistered with bubbles, and my skin was raised almost half an inch. It looked as if my skin had a chemical burn from the medication. I slept with some gauze on it and I cleaned it with peroxide. The next day the skin was an open wound and bright red like a burn. It is the most painful thing I&#039;ve felt in a while. The worst part was being rushed to the ER due to a possible blood clot in the lung (horrible chest pains), had CT scans, blood drawn, and IVs placed all over my body. Before this, I had experienced constant fatigue"
"My arm was sore for 3-4 months after I got it.  Whenever I tried to carry my wallet against my arm it hurt.  Anything rubbing/touching my arm hurt for months.  I would not recommend this.  I just got mine taken out after using it 1 yr &amp; 2 months.  This pain will just teach you to suck it up and remember to take your pill each day.  Normally I don&#039;t get periods on any kind of birth control but with this one I got my period every 2 weeks for about 4 months.  With this med you do retain water, so you are going to gain weight and I felt hungry all the time. Just doesn&#039;t make sense to get cut, put a hole and your arm for birth control.  I have also tried an IUD before this one, no foreign objects should be used in your body.  Don&#039;t do it."
"I was put on Zoloft a few years ago when I became very depressed (I also have anxiety and have had it pretty much my whole life which made it worse) and I&#039;ve been on it ever since. I feel much better now about myself and my perspectives on things however I don&#039;t know if it was from the drug, time or therapy especially because I was finally feeling more in control of myself and my thoughts last year. So if it was Zoloft then it took a while for it to kick in for me I guess ? My doctor did say that in some patients it does nothing and in others it does so who knows ! However whether It&#039;s working for me or not I feel good right now and it&#039;s not having any long term side affects on me so I can stay on as long as I want "
"My doctor switched me from MS Cotin 10 mg 3 times a day to Embeda 50-2mg 2 times a day.  I am in continous pain now.  It is not working for me.  I have only been taking it for 3 weeks now and I don&#039;t know if it takes awhile to for my body to accept the change or what.  I go to the doctor next week and I&#039;ll see what he says about it."
"This medication was terrible! It did nothing for my nerve pain or the pain in my lower back. My DR wanted to try it and i agreed and it was a month worth of mistake. I was in pain even when i took 2 50mg at a time. I would say its a medication that should be used in cases where u dont have a very high pain level. I wouldn&#039;t recommend it"
"I have been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about half a year. I like and would recommend this pill because it is a low dose estrogen pill. I have had no noticeable sides effects. No weight gain, acne, irregular periods, nothing. It is also great for the fact that it practically eliminates my period. I either have light spotting or no period. The ONLY negative for me is the price. But I still prefer it over cheaper generic forms. My doctor gave me a monthly coupon for mine to knock down the cost. ALSO REMEMBER, everyone reacts differently to certain medications, so you never know till you try. This may or may not be for you. Everyone is different."
"My entire life I have had problems with severe anxiety, panic attacks, depression and portion control. (In other words I ate to make myself feel better).
I was not overweight.  I also would have Obsessive compulsive disorder thoughts for days, weeks, years about events that did not even matter. 

After taking Zoloft for two months all of my conditions as listed above has ceased to exist. I do not feel the need to eat all the time, I do not have OCD thoughts anymore, depression, anxiety, etc. has disappeared.

It honestly brings me to tears thinking about suffering like I have for the past 22 years.  Thank you, Zoloft."
"I have been taking Coreg for high blood pressure for 4 years. It slowed my heart rate to low 60s. Even when exercising, rate stayed really low. I&#039;ve fought my weight every since I started taking it. I started having problems keeping my blood pressure regulated. My doctor added 1 tablet of Benicar HCT 20mg. I couldn&#039;t believe how much it dropped my blood pressure. Breathing back to normal. My blood pressure now runs 120&#039;s/70&#039;s. My heart rate runs in the 70&#039;s. When I exercise it raises to 80&#039;s. I feel so much better. I think this will allow my body to burn fat and function more normally. Love the way I&#039;m feeling now."
"Took for 7 days, twice daily at 250 mg. This medication did nothing for me, still have my UTI."
"I&#039;ve had the implant in since late October this year (2015). Adverse effects: I&#039;ve been losing a lot of hair, my appetite has been jacked up off and on, have been more anxious, easily angered, some things make me more sad/upset than usual (I typically do not cry, get too emotional or feel very empathetic), I&#039;ve been getting mild headaches (I generally never get headaches), and overall I&#039;ve been having internal wars to control my emotions. I&#039;m not sure if it will level out or get worse. I had one period since I&#039;ve had the implant and it didn&#039;t last longer than a week but the bleeding was heavier than usual. No cramps though. I&#039;m feeling iffy about it. I was a psycho B. on the depo shot and was hoping/am hoping this would be better than that."
"I got the implant at my postpartum check up. The procedure was painless.    I breastfed my son until he was fifteen months old, and had no period after my bleeding from the birth subsided. He is now eighteen months old and I have been having a &quot;period&quot; that is weird heavy or at least spotting for a month and a half now. I was concerned until I read here that this seems to be happening with the majority of women. I&#039;m going to make an appointment to get it removed. I seem to be mentally/emotionally out of sorts as well. The time period suggests that my state of mind might be related to the implant as well. It&#039;s hard to get pregnant if you never have sex (because you&#039;re constantly bleeding like a slaughtered pig and are emotionally unstable)"
"I started taking LoSeasonique about 3 weeks ago. Since I&#039;ve started taking it I&#039;ve experienced many negative side effects such as cramping, gaining 10 lbs, intense mood swings where I will cry for no reason, get angry extremely easily, and a significant increase in acne. I will continue to take this medication for the next 3 months and see if things will change once the medication has been in my system for long enough. But like they say this pill is different for everyone."
"I have arthritis in most joints and back and neck pain.  I have used Tramadol for 2 years now. It was life changing in the way it relieved pain without nasty side effects of  hydrocodone (I got very irritable when it wore off). Seems to be taking higher dosage for less relief but still would rather continue the tramadol and use something for breakthrough pain on physical work days. If you experience nausea try a lower dose and work up to more. Stick with it,  the nausea went away for me. When I forget a day or so and go back to it I sometimes get nausea again."
"Cures tinea versicolor with  twice daily use for 3-4 weeks."
"I have been looking for a long time a pill that would help me gain weight. Its not like was unhappy with the way I look but just wanted to add some curves. My daughter has been taking the pill and she was a lot smaller than me and she is looking great now. It does make you a little sleep at first but your body will start to get adjusted to it. I highly recommend this pill for weight gain. I just love and one pill a day will do the trick!"
"Caused joint and tendon pains, made my hand go numb and ruined my tendon in my thumb so it doesn&#039;t bend right now and sticks in place."
"We&#039;ll I have been on this medication for 7 months now. At first it worked well for my pain. Your body has to get used to it . This medication works well for my joint pain in back and knees. It will work for headache also. But these past 2 months I&#039;ve had terrible side effects. I get these stomach pains from hell. I get sick and throw up.  The stomach pain is unbearable . Taking the 18mg. 3xs a day sometimes only able to take 1 a day with food for sure and the stomach pain will come. Also has caused upper respiratory infection 2xs now."
"I told my OBGYN that I was having a lot of depression and Rage associated with PMS (heightened by life stress).  She recommended fluoxetine for the time between ovulation and when my period starts.  I started that day (perfect timing).  The side effects that first cycle were extreme.  I was exhausted, sweating more, LOW/NO sex drive, couldn&#039;t achieve orgasm, numb emotions, but I read online that these subside over time {AND THEY HAVE}.  I have gone through 7 cycles with the medication.  I hope to reduce from 20mg to 10mg and have done reduced some my first 6 days to 10mg and 20 mg the remaining.  It is working well for me and allowing me some emotional freedom to get back to exercising, etc.  I am grateful for this medication! So is hubby."
"Symbicort has made an amazing improvement in my Asthma since I started taking it. I have asthma triggered by pollen, grasses and weeds.  During the pollen season here in Atlanta, I wore a mask to go outside. Now I don&#039;t have to. Our pollen season is long: March through to May and I was miserable until my Allergist (MD) put be on this  medication.  You have to give it a few days to take effect but then you can really feel the difference in your airways after you&#039;ve taken the prescribed inhalations.  P.S. I also take Allegra (antihistamine) - so the two products have helped me breathe like a normal person, finally."
"Took 10 mg of Belsomra and I started yeawning within 90 min. I went to bed and had nightmare that I was strangling all my pet birds. I woke up within two hours and felt unsteady, heart was racing and felt like I wanted to jump out of my skin. I felt irritable and nauseated too. Needless to stay I didn&#039;t lay down again and it took 12 hours for all the horrible side effect to go away. Maybe I had an allergic reaction to it, but nevertheless I am NEVER taking this devil&#039;s pill again. Back to the Lorazepam. Wish I could give Belsomra negative rating."
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave (1 pill) 5 days and I have lost 5lb. The medication is definitely curbing my appetite and cravings which is helping me make better food choices. I do sense slight anxiety when I wake up in the morning. Since one pill is working so well for me, I am hesitant to increase my dose."
"horrible nausea, thought I was going to faint. Took two pills at 5 o&#039;clock in the afternoon. Felt very anxious and jittery, could not sleep, just awful. 2 AM got up going to the bathroom with awful cramps cold sweats and thought I was going to faint. Camp saying prayers because I was here all alone. Finally after 45 minutes of cramping, I had a bowel movement, and that continued for about 20 minutes. It&#039;s morning time 9 o&#039;clock, and I feel like I&#039;ve been hit by a truck. I hope this information will help someone before taking that pill. I will never take that pill again in my lifetime."
"My first kidney stone.  Very painful.  Went to ER since I didn&#039;t know what was happening.  Cat scan = kidney stone ~2mm.  I wasn&#039;t going to die and it would pass.

They 1st gave me IV morphine.  That took the pain down about 20% to a manageable but still very painful level for about 10 minutes then it jumped back up as if I&#039;d had nothing.

They then gave me Dilaudid saying it worked on different receptors.  In 2 minutes the pain dropped about 75% and stayed down for about 4 hours until it wore off.

Dilaudid seems to work differently than morphine. A great and powerful medication."
"Horrendous stuff.  Foul smelling, stomach-churning, nausea-inducing, ugh.  It made me feel I was on board a ship in a typhoon, retching hourly.  I don&#039;t know how people take this.  I will NEVER take this again if i can be prescribed something else that works.  I have some positive experience with the healing of the toenail but at what foul cost?"
"I LOVE THIS BIRTH CONTROL PILL. Before birth control pills I would have horrible periods. Heavy bleeding, painful cramps, period would last for months, vomiting, etc. On this I had only a 4 day period! Light bleeding and the cramps were better but still hurt. I would definitely recommend this for women to try."
"I have been to the Low T center having to schedule every two weeks with the pain, and the feeling good for 2-3 days and then going back down.  YoYo moods!  I then switched to Bio-T pellet treatment.  The nice part is that you only have to do it every 5 months or so.  The bad part is that it is a minor surgery.  I achieved my desired levels and more, but I was just too uncomfortable have an incision every 5 months with the inherent risks of infection and dealing with removing the stich every time.  I decided to go to the topical gel and as other comments mentioned was a pain dealing with hugging my spouse and children, and dealing with my shirt sticking to my chest.  I was prescribed but couldn&#039;t give my self the injection..  Natesto Rocks!"
"I have been using Humira for over two years now. My skin has cleared up and my joints are a lot better than what they were. I have had psoriasis all my life but it was something that I just had to live with, so now after 36 years to be able to move around without having to hover after myself is a blessing in it self. I went swimming with my husband and children a couple of months ago. For the first time ever I was able to put on a swim suit. It just goes to show that the things some people take for granted are the things that we struggle to do all our lives. Humira has given me my life back."
"I got this birth control Dec.2 2014 and since then I&#039;ve had my period. .. it stopped for about a month a few weeks ago but then came right back! I&#039;ve gained 25 pounds, I don&#039;t want to have sex, plus who wants to have sex on their period!? It gets caught on things also and pulls my skin and hurts like hell when it happens.. I wish I never got this birth control. .."
"Zyrtec works incredibly well for my severe ragweed allergy.  However, each fall I&#039;ve noticed it&#039;s making me more and more drowsy, to the point that I don&#039;t want to do anything and I&#039;m needing naps in the afternoon.  I think I&#039;m going to have to discontinue it, which is frustrating because it works much better than the other meds I&#039;ve tried."
"I started taking Celexa about 1 1/2 weeks ago, started at 10 mg and upped to 20 three days ago.  I had been on Zoloft prior for about 5 years but it stopped working.  Was off of it for about 2 months before starting Celexa.  Experiencing an increase of anxiety, tiredness and an overall sense of exhaustion.  Does it get better, will these side effects go away eventually?  My doctor said the increased anxiety is not caused by the meds.  Yes I was anxious and needed something but my anxiety is much higher since taking the meds so I don&#039;t necessarily believe the doctor 100%.  I want to stop taking it but I also want to feel &quot;normal&quot; and no these meds can be very helpful.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated."
"I have never written a review in my 21 years of life but I feel I should share my experience. About a little over a month ago I got on this pill. Not to brag but I have a decent happy life. The first couple of days I noticed no symptoms and was so happy.. out of no where i started waking up with migraines and breaking out.. I figured ok no big deal.. I didn&#039;t connect it with the pill. Next thing you know, I get upset and mad about literally EVERYTHING. Work..family.. boyfriend. My life was going downhill everyday.. depressing thoughts.. Finally my boyfriend and I put it together and figured out it was the birth control. I IMMEDIATELY stopped and thank god I am feeling better as the days go by. Not to mention everyday spotting! NOT WORTH IT"
"I was unsuccessfully treated five years ago with pegasys interferon and ribavirin for Genotype 3a. I never recovered from the multiple side-effects, both physical and cognitive and emotional.

I am now on week 9 of the sovaldi/daklinza treatment combination. I took my first dose in the evening, and when I awoke and for the next three days felt unbelievably wonderful. Clarity of mind, natural optimism and energy returned to the level of my pre-treatment days. I was stoked!

However, this did not last and since those early days I have had muscle/joint aches, fatigue, a low mood, itchy face, unsatisfying sleep and severe neuropathy of the hands/feet (including during the day). I will update at end-of-treatment."
"I had my first implanon six years ago after my second child and I didn&#039;t get my period for 2 years, weight gain, mood swing and  that was with the old Implanon. Then the second implanon was as bad as the first mood swing and weight gain but I managed to lose lots of weight due to diet and exercise. I wasn&#039;t really aware that those side effects in the past were the result of the implanon until I got the third implanon inserted six months ago, I had weeks of heavy bleeding, zero libido, weight gain like crazy in such a short time10kg!!! (I eat healthy diet and exercise). I developed acne on my chest, shoulders and head, bloated, mood swings, excrutiating lower back pain. I took out the implanon 3 weeks ago and plan to try on Mirena instead."
"I was switched to naproxen for heavy periods due to mefenamic supply problems. I have continued with it as I found it reduced my flow more than mefanmic acid did. In terms of pain Naproxen certainly eases the pain from menstruation cramping but doesn&rsquo;t eliminate it to a comfortable level and I was having to take regular paracetamol on top. A few months ago I was prescribed buscopan for IBS and my GP advised me to use it for period cramps too. To my surprise the combination of naproxen and buscopan has helped greatly during my period and when I&rsquo;m ovulating. So  I rarely need to stay curled up in bed clutching a hot water bottle like I used to have to do."
"If I could rate this a zero I would.  Please don&#039;t waste your time on this medication. Unfortunately colon cancer runs in my family and I had to get this test (which was suppose to be tomorrow) done.  I drank the first portion and within 15 minutes I was running to the washroom. 2 hours passed and I starated feeling nauseous. Needless to say I had eneed up tgrowing up every thing. Now I wasted my time and money,  I&#039;m going to try the other laxative next time,  because this was no good. I hope you take my advise."
"I got this BC may 6th 2015 &amp; I&#039;ve been on my period every since then! It is now may 25th! I hope it goes away soon and hopefully I don&#039;t gain weight on it otherwise I&#039;ll be trying something new."
"This drug has been more effective than Axid,, Acefix and Prilosec"
"It&#039;s annoying to pull money out of your pocket to buy little things like this because of a little accident or a little overthinking/hesitation. If you&#039;re starting to hesitate whether or not the guy has finished inside of you and you just have a gut feeling that he did. Take the pill. Mistakes happen so stop calling yourself stupid. 

I took Aftera about 10 hours after intercourse. The condom ended up breaking and I just wanted to be safe. Aftera is usually $10 cheaper than Plan B. Anyway, I took it and the only side effects I got were cramping and a slight headache but they were both manageable and nothing too bad.  Both subsided within 2 and a half hours. Got my period on the day it was supposed to."
"I wanted to write this review because I have taken this medicine for two days.  The first time I was so sick that I threw up several times.  I took it at night and was up most of the night sick.  I was going to quit, but after reading reviews, decided to try one more day.  I took it again last night and slept all night.  I woke up early and felt better.  Today I have been a little queasy, but not too bad.  I am going to keep taking it to see if it gets better.  I am not having any food cravings and have been able to eat really healthy today."
"I have been taking 4 a day for last 6 days, 2 tablets to go. My uti seems better but I have never so tired, aching all over and very thirsty. Also bit depressed and tearful. None of these seem bad enough to tell doctor about. Just hoping that when I finish the course all these symptoms will disappear."
"I have worked the coal mines all my life. About 5 years ago, I was in a major mine accident. After 7 orthopedic surgeries, I realized I was going to have to live with this horrible pain. It was so bad that the thought of suicide lingered in my mind so often it became my only thought. That was until I went and saw my family doctor. He started me on Vicodin, then Percocet and a list of others. I didn&#039;t have much luck with all those other medicines. Finally, he put me on Oxycontin. What a difference it made in my mental health and my physical well being. Now I take the 80 mg three times a day and I can finally live again. I still get horrible breakthrough pain at times but even with that, my life is so much better."
"It took a little while to get the dosage right because I took it slow but now I have improved so much! I did 50mg for a month, 100mg for a month and finally 150mg a month. I have my life back! My anxiety and panic is no longer crippling."
"I experienced brain &quot;zaps&quot; and severe mood changes on Cymbalta. It worked great for neuropathy at first but it worsened my depression and anxiety. I felt restless all the time, like I was climbing the walls. Eventually I felt numb and unable to function. My doctor refused to take me off of it, so I took myself off and found a new doctor who refilled my Zoloft prescription."
"I have been on this medication ,50mg for about a 1 1/2 and it changed my life. I had tried  vesicare and one more kind and after 3 months, all of the other stopped. I give this a 100 out of 10. 
Downside, very expensive.  I pay 275.00 a month until 1200 deductable met and that&#039;s with insurance."
"I took Zoloft (generic) shortly after my anxiety got horribly severe. I took lexapro a few years ago but didn&#039;t like the sexual side effects. Doctor put me on Prozac but that appeared to put me into a deep depression. I had never had depression, just anxiety but I couldn&#039;t get out of bed I was just paralyzed. After a few weeks of that I decided to try Zoloft. Within the first three weeks I felt tremendously better. By 6 weeks I felt totally back to normal and NO sexual side effects! This has been my miracle drug"
"I&#039;ve used this for about a year and a half with no interactions with other drugs. It&#039;s fairly safe. "
"Escitalopram has helped me tremendously with panic and anxiety! Want to give hope to others who&#039;ve been combing forums as I have. Started having panic attacks 6 months ago for no apparent reason. Waited it out hoping they would stop, but only worsened and my life went downhill fast. Dr. gave me Escitalopram 10 mg. with Clonazepam to help with start up effects. The first 10 days were difficult: insomnia, loss of appetite, increased anxiety. These effects disappeared as I hoped and each day I noticed subtle improvements. I am now panic free! Still have small anxiety, but that is human and &quot;normal&quot;.  So happy that I took action, as I was very afraid. Give this med a chance and give it time to work. I&#039;m sure glad that I did!"
"Its been 5 weeks since I had my 3rd injection I still feel sharp pains every 3rd step but no where near the pain I Had."
"I&#039;ve taken the pill over 3 times in the passed 2 months. Some side effects such as nausea, fatigue, stomach aches, and cramping have occurred. That&#039;s completely normal! The most recent time I have taken it was last Friday. I freaked out and went to planned parenthood right away! They were super nice and said that the Plan b one-step was about 79-85% effective. Took it. My advice is to not psych yourself out and think about it too hard."
"Started taking Cipro for a bladder infection but had some bad side effects in the tendon in my right hand. Went back to the Dr. And he gave me Bactrim(Septra).   I took it for 3 days in total before I had to stop. The symptoms literally made me feel like I was dying. I had a really foggy head, headaches, dizziness, I almost passed out one day. I got zero sleep the whole time I was on it. My joints hurt in the night, my skin got really itchy and developed a rash, I also developed extreme anxiety and I felt like I was having a heart attack with the palpitations. I was close to panic attack  that&#039;s when I said enough is enough. I&#039;ve never had a reaction like that and I have trouble remembering those days.   It was a blur of pain and confusion."
"I was put on this for birth control and because I&#039;ve been getting my period every 2 weeks. I only took this for three days, but the side effects were alarming. My arms went partially numb, I got random pains in my legs, pins and needles in my feet, and my palms got sore- that last one I thought was really odd. I stopped a couple of days ago and I feel horribly depressed. I am guessing it&#039;s from having my hormones shaken up and it will subside. Hopefully soon though, it&#039;s starting to take a toll on me and my relationship. I felt like a lunatic when the first pill made its way through my system, now I&#039;m just sad. "
"After about an hour of having this medicine applied I was experiencing the worst burning sensation of my life. I had to rush home from work to try and get it off of and out of me. I was shaking in pain and was so swollen the next day I was unable to wear pants, and struggled to walk. From what I can tell this kind of reaction is not uncommon with this medicine. Why it is still sold in stores is beyond me. I would never recommend this medicine to anyone."
"Overall, this has been what I have used for two years now. the side effects have been on an off, more moodiness, and emotional then anything. I have notice my moodiness more then ever here recently. The pill is great as far as regulating my periods. I just wish I was not so emotional and sometimes even depressed. It does not just affect me it affects others as well. As far as Acne, it is not nearly as bad as far as huge zits I got when I was not on birth control, but I still get them, just not as big, and as bad."
"I started taking samples of 150mg Avapro and have been using for 4 weeks now.  With medication my blood pressure runs 135/78 which is okay for 72 year old.  I am now having knee and one hip pain and have noticed I am much more tired than usual. I am going to try some relaxation, slow breathing exercises and will see if I can come off the Avapro. "
"very helpful and good drug. It reduces my heavy period and no pain at all. I can work and not scared of getting soak...."
"I started taking this pill after I had my son and am currently on month 4 of taking it. As soon as I started taking it I began to have intense mood swings, and was constantly emotional. My poor hubby had to deal with a crazy me.  The mood swings does down after about a month or so on the pill, but I have also had multiple periods a month, with only 7 days in between. This pill has been a nightmare! Since I have stopped breastfeeding, I am going to look into other options."
"Made me feel a lot better and able to walk further and do day to day things."
"Given this generic medication for hypertension.  My B/P was good during the day. I am 59  I have been on it 7 days now and since starting it my heart sometimes feels like it has a &quot;thump&quot; in the middle of my chest.  Without fail my B/P goes up at night around 10-11 pm and I find it very hard to sleep for being afraid I will have a heart attack during the night.  Take losartan 25 mg pill around 8 pm , I will wake up around 1 am with my B/P up to 150-160/90-95 and my heart pounding! I was once on Benicar and was terribly dizzy every single day ---don&#039;t know if I will be able to continue losartan but more fearful of the other BP meds like beta blockers!  Very scared!"
"I love Mirena. I am 26 and never had kids before. I had my Mirena inserted 7 months ago, little pain when MD inserted. Little cramps but it all want away. I have gain few pounds. Overall it is a great birth control."
"I&#039;m very frustrated right at the moment. My son who is 37 years old and has been on risperdal for 5 years. Now he decides he doesn&#039;t need it anymore. Well the voices are totally out of control. He can&#039;t even hear me when I talk to him, because the voices are so loud. He doesn&#039;t sleep, he talks constantly to them. I just wish he would take the medicines. We&#039;ve been dealing with this for 17 years, so I do know that this medication works to quieten the voices."
"Works great but when I stop taking them I feel really tired and I get hot then cold, very uncomfortable. I&#039;m only 21 and I&#039;ve been taking them since I was 12. I also think it has a role in my ulcer."
"I am an 81 year old male with back pain.  The epidurals gave relief for only 3 weeks.  I took Lyrica 50mg two times a day for only ten days.  I stopped due to adverse reactions.  I&#039;m now in the process of gradually reducing the dose over a period of 8 days. My main reaction was a feeling of being drunk.  I refused to drive during this time.  On a scale of 1-10 I rate the pain relief a 5 or 6."
"Wow! I am shocked to find out that Mucinex is giving people relief from Fibromalga. How wonderful is that! I think the drug manufacturers should let this information be spread more then it is. I see this as a wonderful bit of information."
"Numb hands for an hour, severe headache, blurry vision, rash on my arms. And this was with my first dosage.  Doctor didn&#039;t even ask to see what previous antibiotics worked for me in the past. He just gave me Avelox and prednisone and said &quot;on your way&quot;."
"Zoloft&#039;s been a life saver for me. I&#039;ve been stable for over ten years.  I&#039;ve had to have my dose adjusted but that&#039;s part of life. It hasn&#039;t made me manic, knock on wood. My friends and family are a huge support. I take my medicines as directed, and I don&#039;t use alcohol or other drugs. No serious side effects. My doctor&#039;s also very careful. I get upped or lowered slowly and he watches me closely. The only hard time with Zoloft was running out. I did get withdrawls."
"Just started this weight loss medicine. And its already doing its job ....
By suppressing my appetite and I have  got more energy. I tried adipex and it did absolutely NOTHING for me....so I&#039;m very hopeful this one sheds the pounds!!!!and I can update my story!"
"I took this because I was having an ultrasound the next day and my doctor wanted me reasonably cleaned out.  I took 2 tabs at 8pm.  I woke at 4am with bad stomach cramps.  I moved into the bathroom for the next hour, where I experienced crippling stomach cramps, nausea and vomiting (mostly dry heaves as my stomach was fairly empty.  I actually thought about calling 911.  That bad!  I was burning up and sweating profusely - and I typically never sweat. It was the worst I&#039;ve ever felt in my 56 years. The product worked.  Several hours later I&#039;m still with some diarrhea, and the other symptoms are somewhat better, but I&#039;m never, ever taking this poison again!"
"I am 19, in a relationship and have been on Sprintec for 3 months now and this has been the only birth control pill I&#039;ve tried. This pill has been extremely effective when it comes to preventing pregnancies unfortunately I have had several side effects. At first it started off as frequent headaches and then dizzy spells and then increase in mood swings. The dizziness and headaches. Everything else is good, the Acne and the weight and stuff are normal for me but the mood swings are killer. I have irrational anger and crying outburst. I have started attacking my boyfriend when I&#039;m angry."
"I started taking phenyermine 37.5 on March 5, 2017. 
I am 28 with 3 kids. I&#039;ve had trouble losing weight from my last pregnancy which was over 3 years ago. I&#039;m very short so any little amount of weight on me looks like a lot compared to taller or even average height women. 
My goal is to lose at least 60 lbs. 
so far I have lost 10 lbs. 6 of those lbs were lost in the very first week of taking this. 
I don&#039;t eat much and I definitely need to work on water intake but I only drink water. I exercise and walk often."
"You&#039;re probably here to find some last ditch hope that this pill will work for you so have no fear i am living proof it does. I have about a 30 day cycle and had unprotected sex (very very dumb) in which he came fully inside of me the day before ovulation (7/21). Being only 17 i panicked and went to Walmart and got the pill. I took it about an hour or two after , my next period wasn&#039;t supposed to be here for another 13 days so about two weeks. I had absolutely zero side affects and two loooong weeks later I come home from soccer practice feeling a little crampy to find I had started my period(8/3). I too was like you who read all the reviews and just about everything but was still convinced I was pregnant. THE PILL WORKS GOOD LUCK TO YOU!"
"Hi Everyone,

My doctor recommended 24-hours Breo to replace my Adaviar 250/50. 

In the first 4 days of taking Breo, I experienced most of the side affects of Breo (fever, chest infection, cough, mouth pain, excessive discharge, runny nose, sore throat, headache, back pain). I stopped taking Breo and went back to Advair. 

Will wait and see when the medication is improved.

Thanks, Raed"
"Medicine is disgusting though it defiantly works. Be prepared to stay at home very close to the toilet. It worked with me within 40 minutes. Have sudocream to hand as your derri&egrave;re will get sore and very red and tender. Good luck if you need to take this medication. My sympathy is with you. God bless."
"I&#039;ve tried a variety of prescribed medications for about 8 years. The ones that had worked (ie: gabapentin), had stopped working after a few months. Others made me feel sluggish and hungover. I started taking tramadol 6 months ago, 100mg in the mornings. My days are so much better, I feel energize, and it takes 90% of fms pain away. I cannot take Tramadol at night as it makes me have nightmares, and insomnia. Great if taken in the morning. My father and brother also take it for different ailments, they swear by it."
"I used celexa to treat my severe stress triggered anxiety and panic attacks. It was limiting my life to the point I thought I&#039;d have to quit my job. I&#039;d never been on anti anxiety drugs but started on 10mg which is very low. Did not see effects immediately.  Things started feeling &#039;different&#039; before they felt better.  My personal side effects were fatigue, restless tossing and turning at night (normally I&#039;m out like a log), night sweats, and weirdly sweaty hands. All of this was WAY better than having anxiety though so I&#039;m not complaining!  It relieved some anxiety but didn&#039;t really pick up my mood. I&#039;m sensitive to medication and underweight so this might be a unusual experience. I&#039;m switching to Paxil to see if I get better results."
"I am currently taking Gianvi and not too happy with some of the side effects. I&#039;ve been on the pill for about 4-5 months and the main issue I have is for all of this month I have been spotting. I heard people tend to spot while on this pill and I am hoping it is just my body getting used to this pill. If this continues I will switch to another pill. I am not experiencing as many mood swings or migraines like some of the other people but I am noticing a slight change in my willingness to do things."
"Worked fast and had no side effects."
"I been super sweaty, insomnia, flu symptoms, night sweats, loss of appetite and severe back and neck pain! I will completely stop using this !! ;( got it for UTI but doesn&#039;t seem to have gone away. Had it for over a week been taking it since then."
"Difficult to rate this drug as initially it had a dramatic positive effect - if I took enough, 40 to 120 mg. Or more (I only used it when required i.e. when anxiety/panic/feelings of paranoia became a problem.)  But after some years of this occasional use the drug has become completely non-effective. Reading new packet inserts, I note that propranolol is no longer described as a treatment for anxiety. So has the formula been changed? At my last visit to a doctor I was told that nothing much else was available to prescribe aside from citilapram, propranolol ...and he prescribed 2 mg diazepam, which astonished me. I stopped using that (in higher dose) years ago, and don&#039;t see it as any sort of answer. I intend to see another doctor."
"The medicine itself worked.  The patch adhesive is a loser fail.  Besides being on chemo I am a nurse, so of course I read direction (new med I never heard of/along c application directions).  Patch fell off in my sleep 24 hrs after application.  Being a nurse advocate I called the med line to say they need better adhesive and found out abt patch replacement.  The kicker is they want dr to fill out more forms for it.  Sorry but as nurse I don&#039;t have time to run all paperwork I need for dr/patients  and company wants more time away from md patients.  REALLY!  They can send replacement to dr, or pharmacy, but why the extra needed documentation.  Oops I guess the patients must lie.  So good med or not, manufacture is a 0 in this nurses opi"
"Please please please.......If your doctor suggests this drug to you, do your research. I am 18 and just put full trust in my doctor when she told me to take it. 7 months later and I wish I never ever took it. I usually take my 150mg dose when I wake up in the morning and now I cannot even go until 11 pm at night if I forget to take it without having withdrawals. I experience nausea and feel uneasy on my feet as well as shakiness. It is ridiculous and  I write this to stress that this is not a light topic. BE CAREFUL!!!!!"
"It works just fine for constipation I took it 3 times before in the past but the 4th time I took it which was a couple years ago my blood pressure dropped really low 81/48 felt tired all day not wanting to do anything would not recommend if you are on blood pressure medication too check with your doctor"
"Just caused the worst side effect to my lungs after using this over a year. Where is the GP or specialist that must have warned me against these symptoms or kept me recorded in progress with this medication. Accordingly to my lung specialist this medicine is poison to the human body."
"I have AD on my eyelids and under the eyes and around my mouth. My dermatologist prescribed me this medication today and I put it on 2 hours ago. After those two hours, the areas where I put on protopic had felt like they were on fire. I hopped into the shower to wash my face, and to my surprise, the burning didn&#039;t subside. As I am typing this, I&#039;m sitting in front of my fan and patting my face with a wet washcloth when it feels like its burning. I can&#039;t describe the amount of pain I feel at the moment, but I will stick with the cream because it is my only option at the moment. I&#039;ll check back if the burning subsides."
"Have tried this now for four weeks and I am coming off it. Gave me dry mouth, dry eyes and done nothing for anxiety, helped with eating, did not help me sleep. I am not condemning the drug, it works for some and that&#039;s great, so happy for them."
"I was recently diagnosed with silent migraines. 10 minutes after a light stimulant EEG... I was walking into walls and felt drunk but without the fun part. 
I was told not to go to the ER. I called my PCP and finally he said to go after the &quot;silence&quot; of the migraine turned very ugly and painful. After being administered Valium, Zofran, and Vicodin... nothing. Finally, Dilaudid was administered along with Phenergan. I was out of my make-shift mask, turned the lights back on, and tolerated noise within an hour. I was out of bed and ready to leave. 
I went in thinking I was having an aneurysm and left a completely different person! Highly recommend for severe migraines."
"Same as others here, constipation for 20 years (currently in my 40s). I&#039;d go weeks without a movement, became terribly ill.  Laxatives caused intense cramping, nausea and fainting, so when Miralax came out I was thrilled.  5 years later on the Miralax almost daily, my doctor suggested the Linzess.  Started samples (245mg) until I could fill my (145mg) script, and I don&#039;t recommend the higher dose - terrible cramping, nausea and unpredictable movements.  After starting the 145mg dose, I&#039;m doing much better, with a very productive movement (or 2!!) every day, but I&#039;m disappointed. I&#039;m fairly torn to shreds with fissures from hard, forceful movements.  Hoping for improvement soon!"
"I took Amoxicillin and Potassium Clevolunate as per Doctor&#039;s prescription and my symptoms of backpain and fever felling diminished within two hours."
"I&#039;m 19 and nexplanon is my very first hormonal birth control, like most ladies have said everyone reacts different with birth control, when I first got nexplanon I was supposed to have my period the following week so the doctor warned me about abnormal periods with birth control but the following I didn&#039;t get my period instead I spotted for two full weeks and after that never had a period aside from spotting a few days after sex but doctor said that&#039;s completely normal plus pregnancy symptoms almost every month but nexplanon makes you&#039;re body think you&#039;re pregnant so pregnancy symptoms are completely normal, other than that no weight gain I&#039;ve noticed a little bit of acne but nothing that skin care won&#039;t fix, so far nexplanon is great "
"I&#039;m only 17 and Plan-B saved me from a lot of trouble! My boyfriend and I had sex the day after I finished my period. We realized the condom broke after we were finished, so I took the pill about an hour after. I experienced slight acidity/heartburn and had a very minor stomach ache the next morning. Five days later, I got my period! I&#039;m so thankful for this pill and I don&#039;t know what I would have done if this wasn&#039;t an option."
"My doctor prescribed both Flagyl and Cipro, apparently both work well at killing infections related to diverticulitis. Warning: this is the most repulsive tasting pill ever. "
"I think that this medication is a wonderful drug. I love it couldn&#039;t do the things I do today without it!"
"My dr prescribed me the CONTRAVE to lose weight. I took the first &amp; only pill yesterday. I wound up in the ER from an allergic reaction to this pill. It was the only thing different I had took. 30 min after taking it I was shaking all over inside &amp; out. It felt like my insides were trying to crawl out of my body. I had chills was literally freezing &amp; it was in the low 90s. Very bad headache my tongue swelled up later that nite could hardly talk. Hurt to be touched I couldn&#039;t be still I was shaking really bad. The worst experience I&#039;ve ever had. I literally thought I was going to die."
"The medicine works great but gives me headache, diaharrea, and nausea upon waking."
"I have been taking Flomax-CR in tablet (pill) form for over two years for Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.
After few side effects, it performed as expected, I am able to sleep 5 ~ 6 hours without need to go to the washroom.
However, after a year of taking Flomax-CR, constipation problems with bloated intestine appeared more and more frequently with more and more acute severe pain every time it occurred.
Thanks to my wife, a chemist ,  found the probable cause was found after putting a tablet (pill) in an acid solution to mimic the gastric environment and observing the evolution with time.  The tablet swells to the size of a small marshmallow and doesn&#039;t dissolve even after a month time.
Looking at Flomax on internet, it appeared that it was usually provided as a capsule rather than a tablet.  I consulted with my doctor, then my pharmacist and asked for capsules instead of tablets as well as a laxative to flush my intestine before starting the capsules.
I have been taking capsules for five weeks now without any occurrence of constipation, bloating and abdominal cramps. 
A test was run to compare capsules versus tablets (pills), stimulating the stomach environment and using distilled water as a blank.  The following picture shows clearly the results.

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-hlDGSKHrGCYVZHcDJrTjlxZW8

In the acidic environment solution, the capsule dissolves within few hours at room temperature.
The tablet swells to a small marshmallow size (10~15 mm) and sticks to the glass wall of the tube.
Two weeks later, the swelled tablet is still not dissolved and its consistency is similar to non-set epoxy glue.
 
In conclusion, it might be important to me to know ahead the side effects of all the non medical part of a prescribed drug entering the digestive system as much as the active ingredients. 
Constipation and abdominal cramps are listed as possible side effect for Flomax-CR which is a control released tablet. 


Web search shows that Flomax-CR is only available in Canada:


The low rating (3/10) is for Flomax-CR (pills).
I would give a rating (7/10) to Flomax in capsules."
"I have been on this medication for approximately one month. When I first began taking this medication (500mcg) and was having numerous side effects. Changed regimen to taking 500 mcg every other day. Continued to have same side effects. For past two weeks, I have been taking one-half dosage (250mcg) once at night and once in the morning. This has virtually eliminated all the previous side effects. My breathing improvement has been much better and more consistent with this low dosage. The 500 mcg pills are so small that is is impossible to divide a tablet without a good pill cutter. I found one on Amazon that works great. Perfect split of 500 mcg pill each time."
"I was admitted into the hospital at 31 weeks for almost 3 weeks for preeclampsia and PIH. I would get terrible migraines and was so uncomfortable from constantly being in bed and switching from my left side to right side. I was given Stadol through IV and let me say it is amazing! When given intravenously, it works within seconds. I got really dizzy and felt like I was floating.  I wasn&#039;t in pain anymore and slept like a baby. this medicine is great for pain, I don&#039;t think I would&#039;ve made it through my hospital stay without it!"
"Had my first shot in my left knee almost 3 years ago!  Was amazing and still no issues to this day. My second shot was in the right knee which lasted a little over a year and just had the third in that same knee.  Almost PAIN free in both.  Far better than surgery!!!  Highly recommend before opting for surgery!!"
"Prescribed for BV 500 mg twice daily for 7 days. I am starting to feel better after the 3rd pill but doctor told me I may get a yeast infection afterwards. I am taking probiotics in a pill form which i would recommend to prevent yeast infections! the only thing that makes me nervous about this medication is you can&#039;t have anything with alcohol so make sure you read labels! Alcohol can be in cooking spray, pasta sauce etc. They say the side effects from drinking alcohol with this medication are very severe!"
"Working great for weight loss. I am also not craving cigarettes which is a bonus as I was planning to try Chantix but this is killing two birds with one stone."
"A traumatic incident about six months ago prompted me to seek counseling.  I was diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, and later depression (because of the PTSD), and after three months of appointments I finally decided to give Lexapro a try.  I&#039;m definitely not a pill person, so I was hesitant. I don&#039;t like side effects, especially nausea.  I was happy to find that the side effects were fairly mild, but my dose was also pretty mild [5mg].  I did have one really intense headache within the first few weeks, but I can&#039;t absolutely attribute that to the medicine.  Before I started taking the medicine, I was miserable (no sleep, sad, angry, etc.).  Lexapro has helped make my life more manageable.  It feels good not to be a zombie anymore."
"started taking Contrave today to help me lose about 20-30 pounds. Well so far it&#039;s not working it hasn&#039;t suppressed my appetite, but I will finish out the bottle and see if I lose anything."
"I have had the mirena in for nearly a year. I have had 4 kids so getting this inserted didn&#039;t bother me. It&#039;s was slightly uncomfortable but that&#039;s it. I have had no periods since then which is great, and my headaches have also reduced. I am wondering if the mirena has caused a slight weight gain and having trouble to get the weight off though. I highly recommend the mirena."
"Hi all! I started copaxone 2 months ago. So far so good only a little redness in the injection site but I think that that&#039;s nothing compared to the damage ms can do. I have a sister that is blind and handicap so I will try to do my best to help myself even if the site injections gets bad every time I inject. Nothing is perfect in life. So far that&#039;s the only reaction redness and I do use autoinject. I don&#039;t drink or smoke and I also take vitamin d every morning 2 or 3 gummies 2000 mg. only thing I am missing is that I still put sugar in my coffee :( I read sugar is not good. That will be my next years resolution. God bless all of you!"
"I will just say, I had a horrible acne.. And it didn&#039;t make it any better that I was super sensitive to fake hormones; birth control. I couldn&#039;t and still can&#039;t take it because I have a rare side effect to it that causes cystic acne.. I didn&#039;t figure this out until after the damage was done, unfortunately.. I was extremely desperate, because I tried everything known to mankind before birth control. I even tried 4 different antibiotics and only one worked, but I ended up relapsing before my year time frame was up. I was in a huge and not to mention horrible, predicament.. So, my last resort being Accutane- was the best decision I ever made. The only thing I will harshly complain about is around the fifth month I started having hair thinning."
"Saved my life. Over 5 yrs clean, followed Drs orders and it&#039;s been a Godsend, also: tdp12345, if you are not feeling supported and able to get off of it right now than stay on it, who says you have to ween off quickly? This medication has been very successful as a long term treatment option for addiction just like people with diabetes take their insulin. My opinion is the positives of this miracle drug outweigh the risks of what could happen if you let your cravings take you to drugs again. Do what &quot;YOU&quot; have to do for &quot;YOU&quot;. Don&#039;t listen to what others think. Find a good doctor who cares and stay on a treatment that works for you. God Bless."
"I&#039;m a middle aged professional that&#039;s dealt with depression and anxiety since my teen years.  I&#039;ve tried many different types of medications that target anxiety and depression, albeit with mixed results.  

My depression, stress, and anxiety levels had gotten worse within the last year (haven&#039;t been on any medications for over 10 years), so I went to see my doctor. I&#039;ve been taking Effexor for about a month now and it&#039;s, by far, given me the most relief over any previous med.

Stress levels have gone way down as I no longer tend to ruminate on things out of my control. It&#039;s much easier to drop the negative thinking and move on to something else.  Anxiety and depression have also been greatly reduced.  
No major side effects for me (at 37.5)"
"I had no problems with Reclipsen. I&#039;ve been on 3 different pills and had horrible side effects. I&#039;ve had none with Reclipsen. It has worked very well for me."
"I have suffered from major depression since childhood and have had fibromyalgia since 2000.  I&#039;ve tried Effexor, Paxil, Elavil, Zoloft, Lexapro, Wellbutrin, Nortriptyline, Prozac and on and on. All made my depression worse and left me so tired I couldn&#039;t function.  I promised her that I wouldn&#039;t quit taking it because of side effects and without talking to her first.  Three weeks I had had it but my husband kept encouraging me and my doctor was out of town. 5th week all the side effects (super, super fatigue, dizziness, nausea, stomach cramps, yawning, no appetite) have disappeared and I feel fabulous emotionally and physically. Give it time if you&#039;ve had little success with other antidepressants.  This one worked for me."
"After smoking for 20  years and trying unsuccessfuly multiple times, I tried Chantix and believe me, I was not sold on its methods or product....BUT  17 months later, I am smoke free and feeling the healthiest I have felt in over 15 years.  I cant believe I am smoke free again...And I can thank Chantix (As cheesy as that sounds, its true!)"
"I got nexplanon in 11/14. It&#039;s been a few months &amp; it works great. No pregnancy scares &amp; no loss of sex drive. Unfortunately, side effects are heavily weighing on me. I have been so depressed ever since I got it. I don&#039;t feel like doing anything but cry. I have intense mood swings where within 5 minutes I&#039;ll change from excited to hating everything for no reason. It&#039;s even taking a toll on my relationship. I&#039;m thinking a about removing it in a few months if my mental state isn&#039;t better. If you are already depressed DO NOT get it.
PS: lots of breakouts to be had &amp; depigmentation on skin."
"I had ablation surgery three weeks ago and have been on Pradaxa 150mg twice a day ever since.  During the first week, I had a constant sour stomach and my surgeon suggested Prilosec. It takes a few days before Prilosec kicks in so I took Mylanta until it did.  My second and third weeks were much easier but now that I&#039;m starting my fourth week, the constant sour stomach is back.  I still take Mylanta between meals but it only helps a little.  I take Pradaxa during meals with a full glass of water.  I have to stay on this medicine five more weeks.  Any suggestions would be appreciated."
"Thanks Lamictal, my moods are level (no lows or highs),no more rapid cycling or rapid thoughts, feel confident, happy, more energy, haven&#039;t had one depressive thought since starting this medication and at my correct dose of 200mg (cut in half and take 1/2 tablet twice per day, works out cheaper this way). Finally found the best medication for me. "
"Completely changed my life.  Not a single outbreak while on Valtrex.  Went off it just to see how I would do without &amp; have had 2 very painful outbreaks."
"I have been on this medication for about a month and I have terrible night sweats where I wake up in the middle of the night dripping in sweat and my sheets are soaked. Ive had moodiness and increased anxiety."
"Any benefit that this drug may have offered me for depression was overshadowed by the side effects, particularly intractable insomnia. I became more depressed from the lack of quality or regular sleep.  Discontinued it after 10 weeks and still not sleeping normally one week later. Wish I had never touched Wellbutrin."
"I&#039;m not sure if I would recommend this birth control before others to someone else, but it worked great for me for seven plus years. Mind you, I was told by my endocrinologist that my GP should have never allowed me to stay on this bc because of the side effects of losing bone density mass - because of this I now have osteopenia at age 29. Why rate it an 8? Because other then this (which I am now &quot;fixing&quot; with weight lifting and calcium/mag supps) I never had any issues with the depo. I didn&#039;t have to remember a pill and had no side effects from it. Because of this, I would recommend it. I took it for convenience but my bone density suffered because of it."
"I can&#039;t tell you how great this has been for me. Slight disruption in my period but nothing serious.  Since that though I haven&#039;t had my period in 8 months. June was the last time.  March now.  No mood swings. SO MUCH BETTER than traditional birth control.  Used to be on tri sprintec and cried all the time for no reason.   I love nexplanon.  Will take it out when having a kid next year sometime, but going back in right after.  Oh, not painful either.  Kinda uncomfortable cause you need to keep it under wraps for a day or two after getting it, but honestly so worth it.   Sounds like I was paid to say this lol.  Really, I know everyone is different, but for me this was a god send.  Hope your experience is as good as mine."
"My advice to anyone who plans on getting this would be just go for it. Don&#039;t waste your time reading other people&#039;s story because it&#039;s not your own. Everyone have different experiences. One thing for sure is if I went on here before I got my implant I probably wouldn&#039;t have gotten it. I&#039;m glad with my decision of getting the implant. I haven&#039;t gained weight from this birth control. However, some side affects I&#039;ve gone through we&#039;re mood swings and irregular menstrual cycle. The downfall about this implant is that I have my period more often than I did when I wasn&#039;t on birth control. I don&#039;t regret at all about getting birth control because it effective, no kids!"
"I took Zoloft for a few months for depression. I did notice a slight improvement in my mood, but stopped taking it due to side effects. I felt tired most of the time and lost any sexual interest. These side effects disappeared after a week off Zoloft."
"I tried this about 5 times. The first few times were ok. Then it all went downhill. I went from chronic constipation to straight up liquid stool. This happened 2-3 hours after taking the pill. Never again!"
"I got the lileta in me in February 2016 it wasn&#039;t painful at all. I did bleed almost every day for a couple months. The blood wasn&#039;t heavy it was very light but it was still annoying. I am now frustrated because every time I have sex, I start to bleed which kills the mood. And sex is painful for my partner. If I exercise my abdominal area I start to bleed as well. If I take a bath I start to bleed. I&#039;m tired of bleeding! This has to go!"
"I have Ulcerative Colitis and was just prescribed atropine/diphenoxylate along with Asacol. So far it has only been a couple of days and my bathroom urges are down significantly, from 10-15 to 3-5 times a day. Where has this been in the past 2 years? I was taking Imodium and it was not doing much. I can actually go out now and not worry that I won&#039;t find a bathroom in time."
"Oxycontin is the greatest pain killer ever made, I dislocated both my shoulders at the same time and was taken to ER and sat there for 6 hours with both my shoulder out of socket. I was screaming so anyway after I was fixed a day later the right shoulder popped out again. So got that put in and they gave me 40mg Oxycontin and it took the pain away for good."
"I was prescribed Gildess after being diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome to help control my hormones. After about 2 weeks, my migraines started to increase in frequency and severity.  Several calls to my OB, and I was advised to continue to take the med for at least 3 months. A month and a half into taking the medication, I woke one night with sharp pain while breathing and in my right shoulder. I thought I pulled something or bruised a rib, so I kind of just rested and relaxed for the weekend with no real relief. Monday morning rolls around and I started to have pain radiate from my right shoulder across my chest towards the left, so I went to the ER. Lo and behold, I ended up with Bilateral pulmonary embolisms!"
"This worked wonders for me.  Seasonal adjustment may be needed as it is with me."
"Been on this         Generic XR capsule 150 mg.just 4 days and have nausea, shakiness, blurry vision, insomnia, crying spells.
This is awful and getting off this right away!
Was on just before I started taking this was just 2 tablets, twice a day 75mg.
No problems of side effects.
Just wasn&#039;t working much anymore.
There is a difference on side effects!"
"My entire life I have had problems with severe anxiety, panic attacks, depression and portion control. (In other words I ate to make myself feel better).
I was not overweight.  I also would have Obsessive compulsive disorder thoughts for days, weeks, years about events that did not even matter. 

After taking Zoloft for two months all of my conditions as listed above has ceased to exist. I do not feel the need to eat all the time, I do not have OCD thoughts anymore, depression, anxiety, etc. has disappeared.

It honestly brings me to tears thinking about suffering like I have for the past 22 years.  Thank you, Zoloft."
"I&#039;m 5&#039;1 163pds today I started the medication late November at 187pds. I workout 4 days a week"
"I have suffered from migraines  since I was 15 , and am now 42. Maxalt has changed my life ! I used to be in agony for up to 3 days , but now at the first sign of an attack I take one , very rarely I have had to take another one a few hours after that if it started to come back . It can sometimes make me drowsy, but other times I have no side effects , just relief that there is something that actually works . I&#039;m in Australia, so a pack of 4 costs me $25 ."
"I had a novasure procedure done 3 years ago &amp; ever since I have felt like I have a bladder infection but when they test my pee it never comes back infected. So they are thinking I have IC I have done several instills with only a 2 hour relief on everyone of them.    I just started  on the Elmiron 2 days ago the pain in my bladder is even worse &amp; I can&#039;t even pee hardly at all &amp; I have blurred vision too. Anybody out there with these symptoms?"
"This is a miracle for my essential tremor.  It effectively mitigates the tremors in all parts of the body.  It used to be debilitating to face stressful situations at work or socially, as my &#039;shakes&#039; would rear their ugly head in my voice and in any movement.  Afterwards, the nervousness is still there, but the tremor is gone.  40mg 2x daily."
"This cough medicine is AWESOME for the nagging cough that comes with bronchitis.  "
"42 year old male.  Married with 2 kids.  No drugs or alcohol.  No history of anxiety or depression prior to this incident.  Several months ago I was wrongly diagnosed with throat cancer.  As it turns out I am fine and cancer free.  But the fear of leaving my family without a husband/father sent me into a tail spin filled with anxiety and depression.  The worst part is that I stopped sleeping.  My MD put me on Xanax (.5mg) and Ambien (10mg) which only made things worse.  Finally went to shrink who put me on 10 mg Lexapro that I take in the morning.  The Lex has given me the strength to get off the other 2 meds completely.  After 1 month she bumped me up to 20 mg.  After 6 weeks anxiety gone, depression gone, and I&#039;m sleeping again naturally"
"My daughter was on Lamictal for many years which controlled her seizures. A year ago her insurance stopped covering it so we were forced to go to generic Lamotrigine. She started having seizures, so we did a little research and found out that the Lamotrigine she was taking was manufactured by a company  in India. We switched to Lamotrigine made by another company and her seizures disappeared. Do some research on your products"
"I had kyleena inserted about 5 weeks ago, and have been physically uncomfortable or in physical pain ever since. I&rsquo;m 19 and have not given birth or ever been pregnant, and I was told I have a retroverted uterus by my gynecologist before she inserted the kyleena. Insertion was horribly painful, and the rest of that day I was in EXCRUCIATING pain - think of the worst period cramps you&rsquo;ve ever had and multiply it by 70. I was sweating, crying, and literally screaming and groaning in pain. I have never felt such unrelenting physical pain like that before. I felt much better the next day, but after that I&rsquo;ve had intense period cramp-like pain almost every day since, causing me to double over while at school and work. So far I&#039;m not a fan."
"I had migrain headaches ALL my life, they were SO bad I would be unable to function for 3 to 7 days at a time. I sometimes even felt as if I was going to die, that&#039;s how terrible the pain would be! I used to take Fiorinal, then I would be in another world, be unable to stop talking, and would be up all night. Lots of medications affect me the opposite as they would other people. 
A Doctor gave me Topamax to try, Oh my Stars, it is a wonder drug. It does not put my head in another world as a pain pill did, but I don&#039;t get Migraines, ever! It also made me feel like it was Spring all the time, it took away my Dark Moods I would get in. [I also have Bi-Polar, but not severe]. I have not had a migraine in 6 years."
"Absolutely impressed by this medication! After having two babies in a row and gained 70 pounds it%u2019s been a struggle to get the weight loss off. I lost weight on my own prior to Belviq, but I was stuck in a horrible plateau and could not move. I started Belviq at 205lbs September 21, 2014 three weeks so far I am down to 190 total of 15 pounds. So excited! I finally found something that works for me. My side effects lasted for a few days, mild headache, and nausea. Now, I just feel great all the time and super motivated to stay on track. My carb cravings are minimal and I am honestly not hungry. Food now is just something I need to nourish me not to obsess about. I am still healthy staying within my calorie range my using My Fitness Pal."
"I am 5&#039;7&quot; weigh 109lbs and had three kids over 8lbs. I am anorexic and had been doing everything to maintain a healthy weight. When I started taking Periactin (cyproheptadine), I was gaining 1-2 lbs a day. The only problem is that 3/4 of my day I was sleeping, had dry mouth and very bad mood swings. Due to my heavy work schedule it was hard to continue taking the pills. When I stopped, I lost the weight as quick as I gained it. 4 days ago I started taking it again and gained 5 lbs. This time once I reach my target weight of 130, I will set aside a meal plan to maintain this weight in addition to taking only 2 pills a week. I would highly recommend this medication to anyone who suffers from anorexia or had no appetite."
"Simple, lost 32 pounds in four months. Never felt better."
"Recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder and have been treated with lithium for a little over 30 days. Received results from blood work and increased dosage. Only side effect I notice are vivid nightmares. They&#039;re just dreams, so I&#039;m not really concerned. I still struggle with anger from time to time, or short fits of rage, followed by regret and self loathing, a common cycle for me. Trying to remain optimistic. Finding myself wanting to isolate more and more. I know this is not healthy. Looking for some positive feedback and/or suggestions.
Thanks"
"This treatment has been truly transformational for me. I&#039;m on round 2, and already have gone from 24/7 chronic migraine with horrid aura to 4 days a week with the first round and now 2 days a week with this second round. My migraines are super short now... only an hour for the pain, and aura is much shorter lived at minutes to hours instead of days. The intensity of my aura is really really low now (instead of debilitating vertigo 24/7) and my pain is usually a 0-3 now with occasional 5 instead of 5-9 where it was before. It feels like I&#039;m on vacation. I was really skeptical to try Botox, but I had tried so many meds prior and was desperate. Now I&#039;m working again, spending time with my family, and enjoying life. Try it if you can afford it."
"I started in the end of February, I was 217lbs And today it&#039;s Easter and I&#039;m at 192lbs. It is amazing and you will see results the first 2 weeks and it&#039;s free and you can decide if it&#039;s for you or not. My father tried it and it was not for him.  I&#039;m taking 1 10mg pill a day not 2 as the bottle say and it&#039;s working for me."
"I am 42 and I have been on 60mg Axiron for 6 weeks. Initial total T was 240 with all the symptoms of low T. Today my total is 840 and free is 248. I feel fantastic. The first couple of days were tough as my body adjusted. The only down side for me is the minor alcohol irritation after application but well worth it.    Initially starting this medication my skin was oily, libido was out of control, my facial hair seemed to grow in within minutes, I was retaining water and my scrotum shriveled up.   After a week or so everything returned to &quot;normal&quot;. No back hair or sudden muscle bulk. No gyno or roid rage. The product works great for me and I was shocked as it seems everyone likes bashing the topicals and raving about injections."
"Was given this for a migraine. Within minutes I felt numb, my heart raced and everything went white as I hit the floor.  Needless to say I&#039;ve been labeled allergic to it."
"Been on Camrese for about 3 years, after trying 2 other birth controls. For the first two months you will have a lot of spotting, but if you push through those two months it goes away completely. I haven&#039;t had any spotting in months and used to have an extremely heavy period. I have endometriosis and this pill helps a lot. If I forget a day by accident, I will have endo pain the next day almost immediately. I did use to break out the first few months as well, but not anything anymore. No weight gain or any other side effects."
"Dealing with Hereditary Angioedema since I&#039;ve been 12, now 40. This is a God send! Works great for me and my brother, pain and swelling quickly dissipates depending on attack. My sister tried it, but not her favorite due to burning she gets..we haven&#039;t experienced anything other that a little redness!  This is one small step in helping us deal with this disease. "
"I have to agree with the ladies. The stinging is not unbearable but it definitely is annoying. If you guys have store in your area go grab some Rephresh B pills. They are a little costly but I have to have them! Every month right before and after my period I get the worst yeast infections but taking these pills definitely help with both yeast and even bacterial infection from ph balance being&quot;unbalanced&quot;.IT WILL NOT HELP FOR STDS! Best of luck to you all!"
"No side effects after 1st week, 2nd week no HVC in blood, 24 weeks with ribaviran. Followed Dr. instructions exactly, 2 weeks after finished. Virus back, $160,000 + for meds, and nothing! Insurance covers 1 treatment per life . Dr. wants Epclusa but insurance denied. Kind of expensive for something that doesn&#039;t work. Now I&#039;m SOL (So out of Luck) thanks for nothing Gilead."
"I have been taking this medication since 1-16-09. So far people around me have noticed a change but I still don&#039;t see a change that is so dramatic that I should continue using this medicine. I still feel extremely low at times and all they do is keep increasing my dosage."
"I got herpes in my twenties and am now 62. Every few years it still flares up, usually from stress. This drug 200 mg 3x per day is a godsend. The blisters clear up almost overnight. No side effects."
"After years and years of having the worst unbearable &quot;I want to kill myself&quot; cramps a doctor put me on Sprintec. Promising that it&#039;ll stop my periods. Meaning no more pain. I&#039;d only have one period every three months. 
WRONG!!!
Each month I prepared myself for not having a period. And sure enough here it was! When it wasn&#039;t suppose to be.
Sure it made the cramps bearable.

Now! I had a period for February 2017. Okay. Fine. 
Not two weeks later here&#039;s another period. I&#039;m aggravated. 
NOW not even FOUR days after that last period I have ANOTHER ONE! 

And I wonder why I&#039;m dizzy and sick! I&#039;m not taking that crap anymore!"
"My doctor had me continuously take Loestrin 24 to stop having my period altogether (I have endometriosis), which was great! I was doing well but then I started to feel weird after a while and had gained weight so as an experiment I stopped. I went right back to intensely painful and heavy periods so now I am going right back on it."
"I started taking the pill for obesity Nov. 28th  weighing 433 and by Dec. 18th I weighed in at 415. Today is Dec 28th and I&#039;m at 409. I&#039;m loving this pill, feeling and my new scale (Ozeri Precision Pro Max). My Doctor recommended the pill because of my obesity and high blood pressure. When I first started taking this pill I had slight chest pains as I&#039;m only taking half of the 37.5 tablet I was prescribed. I was a lot jittery and I had nightmares so I stopped taking them for a week and then got back on them the next week. Now I&#039;m fine, no chest pains and I have a lot of energy when I&#039;m active and at the gym, but my energy is low when I take them and don&#039;t workout. Overall, I&#039;m happy with the results, I&#039;m eating better, and looking better."
"Tell your doctor if this medicine makes you excessively thirsty. I took it for a month and it depleted my sodium. I was so thirsty all I did was drink water. "
"I am on my 3rd and last prescription of this wonderful miraculous medicine. Especially, no comparison to the other medicines I had tried a few years ago and needed to stop, Bless the medical scientists who discovered this to give all, a miracle, this is the ace of diamonds!! Thank-you."
"This medication made me nauseous and left a hideous taste in my mouth. I only took the one pill, but the negative side effects lasted a full 12 hours. I drank tons of fluids but it did not help. I asked my doctor to give me an alternate antibiotic. The amoxicillin worked great."
"I&#039;m 22 y/o and I just had my first baby and just got the Mirena 4 days ago. My doctor told me  to get the Mirena as a birth control instead of any contraceptive pills because pills will decrease my milk supply. I was having second thought getting this because of other people&#039;s review which scares me so much. However, my partner tried to convince me to give mirena a try. My doctor also introduced me to mirena and she ask me some question to determine if it&#039;s suitable for me. Although I had second thought about getting it, I still did because I&#039;m not good at keeping track on stuffs if ever I have to take pills. The insertion didn&#039;t even take 5mins. I felt a slight discomfort. I just had minor cramps but overall it was a good choice."
"I&#039;m switching back to YAZ after trying another least expensive birth control. I would rather pay $60 a month for YAZ than to be on all the other pills that made me extremely moody, anxious and nauseous. With YAZ, I didn&#039;t feel like I was on birth control. I felt like my normal self, with my normal sex drive, normal weight but without the monster cramps, severe acne and moodiness before my period, and the long 8 day cycle. I would recommend it to anyone who has tried a lot of different pills that had too many bad side effects."
"I took this for four and a half days. I experienced complete appetite loss, nausea, fatigue, abdominal pain, and anxiety.  I had blood work done before I took the Bactrim and when I got my results back it turned out I didn&#039;t have a bacterial infection at all. All that for nothing. I still haven&#039;t completely recovered my appetite and it has been almost a week since my last dose."
"Have been on a few SSRIs (Paxil, Lexapro, and Zoloft).  Zoloft pulled me out of a dark hole of severe anxiety and insomnia and kept my head above water for about a year but I never felt great on it, just able to cope with life plus I still needed ativan for sleep which I didn&#039;t like but it helped.  Decided to try Buspar.  Wad fairly easy to get on, minimal side effects, a lot of brain zaps, though.  Mood improved after about 2 weeks, for about a week, then it just stopped working and anxiety came back hard.  Also I had bad insomnia the whole time on it, even before, but this didn&#039;t help in any way.  Had pretty disturbing nightmares when I did sleep.  Insomnia and decline in mood forced me to get off.  Took for a month.  Was at 30mg 3 x day."
"I don&#039;t like the weight gain but I like  the fact that I am able to breathe better after increasing my prednisone from 20 to 80 mg per day."
"I take it in the morning and with the help of my Dr. my numbers have been stable."
"Started Savella last evening; 12.5mg dose. Weary of taking 2 today; I seem to be sensitive to medicines. Will go slower than the tritation pack suggests. Slept better last night, 6 hrs straight; and considerably less pain in the morning."
"I took them for 3 months before I told my doctor to either change me or take me off them. The only thing they really did when I took them (I was on 6 mg daily) was made me a little drowsy and forgetful something I could do without. Anyway not to ramble but the doc put me on Xanax and I must say they work A LOT better."
"I have been taking this drug for the last couple of months for severe shoulder pain, neck pain, and upper back pain...due to a recent auto accident...I had whiplash, a pinched nerve in my neck and nerve damage in my shoulder and it seems to work amazingly to ease pain that is sometimes so unbearable it hurts to move my head. I haven&#039;t experienced any bad side effects except for the occasional drowsiness and loopy feeling, but the benefits definitely outweigh that and I&#039;d recommend this medicine to anyone in severe pain. As everyone else has said, use with caution and take only as needed per doctors orders. Don&#039;t know how I would have or would be functioning now without this drug and Zanaflex."
"Applying for the 1st time came instint burning and itching after awhile burning calmed down but the itching was dreadful!  This is more painful then The Actual infection .. 2nd guessing applying for day 2 ..."
"I used Zyprexa (2.5mg) at night for insomnia caused by anxiety and obsessive thoughts. It is the only thing that helped me sleep that is not addictive and actually worked. It also helped my appetite because when I don&#039;t sleep well I don&#039;t feel like eating much either. This medication helped with that also. Unfortunately I cannot use it often because it causes my blood sugar to shoot up sky high and I don&#039;t like the risk of tardive dyskinesia. I only take a very small dose when I haven&#039;t slept in awhile. "
"Although this drug is effective for pain; I experienced horrible withdrawls from it.  I was awake for over 30 hours."
"I was given lyrica 3 years ago for back pain from herniated disk. The pain down my legs at night was horrific. The pain in my legs went but I put on 12kg. I did not eat more in fact I ate less because of my weight gain.  The Dr refused to believe that lyrica was the cause of the gain. Now 2 years later I  have been given lyrica again because no other drugs worked. When will dr listen and learn about side affects."
"I have severe sleep apnea and was put on a CPAP machine. I never felt like it did any good,was still tired as heck. Dr.put me on Nuvigil and it is great. Some days I am still tires but not like before."
"I&#039;m a 26 year old active female struggling to lose weight due to my PCOS. In three months on this drug I lost 4 lbs, the fact that I lost weight at all is the reason I am giving two instead of one star. However, I changed my diet and I started running 5-10 miles a week so I&#039;m not sure the weight loss had anything to do with the drug at all.

I will, however, vouch for the appetite suppression. I can&#039;t eat nearly as large of portions at meals and I do think I would eat less if I only ate when hungry but the problem is that, because I exercise frequently , if I don&#039;t force myself to eat I am extremely exhausted and lethargic. Also the side effects are real, foot and leg tingling, and short term memory issues were both things I experienced"
"I definitely lost some weight, my period was super light, lasted 3 days, no cramps and my skin cleared up amazingly. However, with that said, i started getting horrible anxiety while on it. I wouldnt wish that on anyone"
"My Wisdom teeth started too hurt and before they got pulled I couldn&#039;t stand the pain and the only thing that made it better was 2 vicodin pills before bed. The pain went away. "
"I have some facial scar tissue from a dog bite and it is generally looks reddish. I also have allergies to fragrances and I have very sensitive skin. A friend suggested that I try zinc oxide to reduce the redness and it has worked tremendously for me.  I use it around my nose and chin area and I thing the scar tissue looks minimal and the redness is much less.  I am using it nightly now."
"After years of pain and many visits to the gastro doctors, the use of this drug has changed everything for me. I had periods in which I lost over 30 pounds and impossible for me to eat without bloating and extreme pain. Although dairy products and wheat are still impossible for me to eat, with the use of this drug and a proper diet I can have almost a normal life. It took me over three years to find a doctor that insisted on the use of this drug and its benefits for IBS and visceral hyperalgesia. It took me 4-6 weeks to start seeing the results. I&#039; ve been on this medication now for three years, Im 41 years old, male. The dose I take is 50 mg per day."
"Took my first injection on Wednesday 29th June 2016 early hours Thursday woke to terrible stomache pains wind belching and diarrhoea. Feeling dreadful in myself ate a salad Wednesday evening hardly anything since. A full feeling that just doesn&#039;t go away overall I&#039;ve experienced a really bad few days and still not right it&#039;s Monday 4th July today I hope these side effects go soon as I&#039;m having trouble taking medication for other ailments. "
"I&#039;ve been having terrible side effects from this pill so googled it and found these reviews which are exactly what I&#039;ve been experiencing. I&#039;m craving bad foods, gaining weight, my boobs are tremendously sore, I&#039;m tired and I haven&#039;t had a period. I&#039;ve been on many other birth controls that I had no side effects on so I will be switching back to Altavera ASAP!"
"It helps but unfortunately all Walmarts in Reno Nv are constantly out of stock.
I went to a pharmacy thinking surly they must stock the product but I had no luck. The pharmacist had no I deal what this product was. I felt like the pharmacist thought I was asking for OxyContin. I wish they would change the name and stock the store better with this product. What a shame now I will have to depend on a physician for a perscription. This product only helps for the first two days not for four days as advertised."
"I&#039;ve had sinusitis for a couple of weeks, woozy, dizzy, pressure.  I took a dose pack, which I normally take anyway and it helped some but no appreciable effects.  I tried Augmentin and couldn&#039;t take anymore after one dose due to side effects.  I&#039;ve taken 3 Ceftin since yesterday and I feel much, much better."
"I went to the Dr. yesterday feeling like I had some sort of cold, not thinking that Bronchitis was one of them, so he gave me Levaquin. I mentioned why not a Z Pack and he said this was stronger and after just one does the next morning I did feel better. I suppose to take it for 10 days at 500 MG - I haven&#039;t had any real big side effects just yet, but I did feel dizzy this morning"
"I took Flagyl for bacterial vaginitis and thought I was dying.  The nausea and headaches are unbearable but because I know it works I had to keep taking it. On the fourth day I started taking it with orange juice and eating after, and WALAH! It was so much better.  No more headaches or nausea. Not sure if it was because I was halfway done with the med, or if my orange juice really worked. Hope this helps someone."
"I&#039;ve had panic attacks since 8th grade. I&#039;m 28 now and notice my anxiety about having a panic attack was getting overwhelming. I started to notice I was avoiding situations. I&#039;m a full time student and work part time. I need to do many speeches and I would worry about speeches from the time they were assigned. I&#039;ve been on citalopram 20mg for 2.5 weeks. I have no panic attacks and I have done two speeches with no issues! Side effects of nausea with yawning and sleepiness but those go away (1.5 weeks)then I noticed the change! Wish I started sooner."
"I started taking Kadian for a couple of days then swapped back to my ms-contin until my next drs .visit to see what we need to do about the dosage .I started with the 10mg-ER which was good through the day but had &#039;the jitters&#039; most of the time which I didn&#039;t like then it only lasted for maybe 10 hours &amp; then started to detox &amp; was awake the biggest part of the night until I was so tired I fell asleep around 4 a.m.The next day I took it again about 8 a.m.then took a second dose around 7 p.m. then stayed awake all night with &#039;the jitters&#039; until 5 a.m.  So I changed back to my 30mg ms-contin until I can see my dr. Needless to say, I wasn&#039;t very happy with the change so I&#039;m hoping for something better or I&#039;ll just have to pay $80 a month for the ms-contin"
"I was so scared it wasn&#039;t going to work because I took it two weeks before my period was scheduled to come. I was stressing, my boyfriend and I fighting all the time from the stress, but today the exact day I was scheduled to get my period I get it. Ladies it works! Don&#039;t worry about it! Don&#039;t stress yourself or your boyfriend/ husband. It will only cause problems. Trust that this will work."
"Many back injuries, as child and adult.  At 40, had fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, spinal stenosis, and more. On 8 Advil/day, much pain.  Wonderful old doc said I&#039;d blow kidneys on Advil, put me on Percocet 5/325 - it really helped.  Later, other MDs put me on variety of antidepressants.  They did NOT relieve pain (some aggravated it).  Side effects were monstrous; so was withdrawal when I quit.  I remain on my Perc. After 2 decades of careful use, I now take 10/325 dose, cut them in half and take as needed,  average 3 pills/day. I can walk, function well and think straight. No side effects!  BEST PAIN MED EVER.  My heart breaks for people in severe pain.  "
"For the first year I was on another brand(can&#039;t remember name) then my doctor switched me. The first 2 months of using it I started feeling exhausted, and extremely emotional-I&#039;m not usually. About 4 weeks ago I ended up going to the hospital for difficulty breathing and such. The doctors misdiagnosed it and sent me off. After 2 weeks I went back with a very swollen leg and very painful. Turns out this birth control caused a massive blot clot in my groin area, and those breathing problems were mini blood clots going through my lungs and heart. All thanks to this brand."
"Please run from this drug...few of my side effects: Insomnia, Racing Heartbeat, Hallucination, delusions, Psychosis, Paranoid, Stomach pain,"
"Through testing, I was determined to have Adult Attention Deficit Disorder (AADD). I had gotten to the point where I could not read, and reading has been the love of my life since age 6. I&#039;m 70 now. I found it hard to get anything done, hard to remember what I was doing. It&#039;s hard to say how much of this was caused by five year abusive relationship, finally ended in Jan 2015. I am now reading like I used to: novels, studies for school, keeping on on world affairs, etc. What a gift! My psychiatrist wants me to continue Ritalin. Past history shows I snowballed into depression without it. I do take her advice, but it makes me so hyper! I have to take xanax to calm down. Taking one drug that requires taking another is not a good thing in my book, but what can I do?"
"I have been taking Celexa for 5 years and it is the best thing ever. I lost my business and marriage to anxiety and anger issues. For 2 years after I blamed everyone but myself, then started Celexa and have been a much better and much more successful person. I have noticed two side effects my appetite changes causing my weight to vary in the 5 to 10 pound range and sex has never been better. I do not crave it as much but when I do it much better. It lasts longer and has a bigger effect."
"Was prescribed Epiduo by my doctor after being diagnosed with PCOS (spots/acne is often a common side effect of this) - anyway, first two weeks of using it my skin was BAD. Cystic acne, redness, itchy, painful skin to touch the whole nine yards. Then it just stopped being as painful and the spots really REALLY cleared up. 
I have smooth cheeks now, with the odd one spot just creeping up hormonally as expected. 
However, do not use any other harsh spot clearing product (or have a skin specific facial) on the face as I guarantee it&#039;ll be painful and red all day (speaking from experience!!!)"
"I&#039;m only in my second week of the Rexulti, but feeling terrible. Hot flashes, dizziness, blurred vision, weight gain, bloating, shortness of breath, and suicidal thoughts. My depression feels much worse! I&#039;m kind of at the end of my rope because I&#039;ve tried everything else, even MAOI&#039;s. But I&#039;m definitely going to have to get off of this med. :("
"I was a bit hesitant to take it because yeah my periods were bad but I want to be pregnant. When I was 14, all I knew about birth control pills was that it prevents you from getting pregnant when having unprotected sex. I didn&#039;t know that you could take it and not have sex. My period an were so bad that I got hospitalized. These pills work 100% for me and I thank God for them. They&#039;ve been a blessing to me and I truly recommend them. The only side effect I got were breast tenderness and freckles (on my thighs??). If you NEED it ladies, take it! It&#039;s the lowest tab they have. (="
"I found this medicine helped a lot with my anxiety in many ways but did not help my desire for sex that I suffer from by the other medications I am on for depression. But like in any medication you have to chose what is most important to you and my anxiety was out of control prior to taking Buspar."
"Worked good with slight side effects (currently pregnant) frequent twitching of the left eye, and very bright yellow colored urine, dry mouth. Side effects were not severe enough to discontinue and the infection was effectively treated."
"Suffered for three years with muscle/large and small bone pain, fatigue, and a feeling of deep depression and weakness. I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia.  Went to endocrinologist because of concern over glucose intolerance.  He listened to my three year history of failed attempts to diagnose, thousands of $$$ spent, etc. He prescribed the then two month old Metanax.  I was 47 at the time but felt 65 with a threat of forced retirement.  Within one month my pain was fading.  I have Been pain free ever since and the medicine also has given me the energy of a 30 year old WITH no side effects.  I still thank him every six months during my check up! "
"I LOVE THIS MEDICINE. I have chronic end stage Interstitial Cystitis. I&#039;ve had it bad for 24 years and NOTHING worked but the URIBEL. I have taken Urelle and Utira-C and none of them worked. But this one takes away my bladder pressure &amp; pain. I can immediately tell when it wears off. I am taking every 6 hours (4 times per day). I have Medicare and it doesn&#039;t cover it, but the relief from pain is well worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for 12 months. I&#039;ve had social anxiety since I was 13 (I&#039;m 22) but a year ago I had a traumatic experience and constantly felt like my stomach was in knots. After 3 months of feeling that way, I went to a doctor and was prescribed 25 mg Zoloft. The initial side effects were being incredibly tired (it was hard to stay awake just driving to class), dry mouth and anxiety for a short time. Eventually I was at 100mg/day and had lost about 12 lbs. I am on 75mg now, have been for about 9 months and have gained most of the weight back. Side-effects now are absolutely no sex drive and if I forget to take it I have &quot;brain shivers&quot;. I definitely would recommend to anyone. I finally can talk to people without feeling my heart beat out of my chest."
"I&#039;ve been battling insomnia for almost 5 years, mostly sleep maintenance.  I&#039;ve tried every medication under the sun.  Belsomra is the new kid on the block and works very differently than all other &quot;sleep&quot; drugs (via orexin/hypocretin receptor antagonism).  I&#039;ve been following and waiting for this drug&#039;s release for years.  First night at 20mgs, I slept 8 hours without waking once, something I haven&#039;t done in years, but boy, does it  sure cause next day sedation.  Well, tiredness is a better term.  Doesn&#039;t cause a &quot;hangover&quot; effects like other drugs, just a tired feeling is the best way to describe it.  Will try 10 or 15mgs and see if the next day tiredness lessens."
"QVAR does NOTHING for me except make my Asthma worse! I have been prescribed this medication for about 8 years now. When taken every day it made my asthma worse and I feel myself reaching for my Albuterol constantly. I&#039;ve had this opinion since I was a child and the Dr. basically thinks I&#039;m full of it.. Well, I stopped using it for years (and my Asthma issues stopped except for occasional flare ups), my Dr. told me to start it again once a day and now my Asthma is awful, I get the &quot;elephant on the chest&quot; feeling without any physical activity. I&#039;m done wasting my time on this medication."
"Ok, I have been taking Viberzi for 3 Days. I&rsquo;ve been living with the worst IBS with diarrhea you could imagine, for 30 years. I am so thankful for this drug. It&rsquo;s like a miracle and I know you people suffering from IBS feel the same. Had some constipation hoping that will stop. 
But to not have this for 3 Days was like a treat for me. Taking 100 mg twice a day."
"I started Victoza a week ago and I have lost 10lbs. I think its brilliant but the only thing is the sickness. EVERY TIME I eat I vomit bit hopefully that wont last much longer. I (was) an insulin taker until I stopped at my own accord after piling on the pounds which is very dangerous. I think this medicine is the best ever. I have tried everything to lose weight and this is all that worked and plus my blood sugars are perfect since I started which they were all unbelievably high. I would say this is a life saver."
"I promised to write an review if plan b worked and it did! I had sex with my boyfriend about 3 days later after my period ending and the condom broke and I am not on any other form of birth control. We were both freaking out and didn&#039;t even know if he ejaculated in me. We purchased plan b about 30 minutes after the condom broke and I took the pill that could change my life forever. I was really sleepy about two hours after taking it and experienced mild cramping. About a week later I had some bleeding for about 4 days and it was brownish reddish and it seemed like my period but I don&#039;t believe it was. I had mild cramping with the bleeding as well. About two weeks later my period came right on time. So relax and don&#039;t stress!!"
"I am a 49-year old female and have been on Lexapro for about 7 months.  I can&#039;t believe how much it has changed my life - I am so happy now!  I take 5 MG per day (1/2 a pill) - more than that at once upsets my stomach.  I had tried Paxil before and it was awful.  Lexapro has given me my life back."
"I have been taking this birth control for about three weeks. It has given me a bit more acne than I normally have, but the biggest thing that has been a problem for me is the nauseous feeling that comes with it. I take my pill every night at 9pm. Within an hour of doing so I always feel like I could throw up. I haven&#039;t done that so far, but the feeling is so bad it makes me gag. I still feel nauseous the next day well into 4 or 5pm. It seems to die off around then and then shows back up after I&#039;ve taken the next pill. I have also experienced breast soreness, not too bad, but definitely enough to take notice of. Rather than the nausea feeling, it seems to be an okay birth control, so far I&#039;m not pregnant."
"I weighed 219 lbs when I started taking it 23 days ago and I have lost 11 pounds. My goal is to lose 25-30 lbs. My energy level has never been better. Overall this has been positive."
"My boyfriend and I are on day 7. I have the metallic taste in my mouth, and am tired. Chantix has curbed my urge to smoke and surprisingly I don&#039;t even want a beer anymore, which of course is GREAT. I went from smoking a pack a day to having only 1 to 3 cigarettes a day. I can go outside with my co-workers while they smoke, and it doesn&#039;t bother me. My boyfriends symptoms as of today:  he is very tired, has developed feelings of anxiety, gags and feels nauseated when he attempts to smoke a cigarette. He had a check up at the doctor&#039;s today and his heart beat went from 72 (last week) to 53 today. They did an ECG on him, and told him to go home and rest for a couple of days. "
"I started saxenda on August 17, 2017. My initial weight at the doctor&#039;s office was 229lb. My starting dose was 0.6 mg and now I&#039;m at 1.8 mg. I&#039;ve been on the medication for about 1 1/2 months and lost 16 lbs. I have very little side effects, but I do take my dose at night. I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m not hungry in the mornings but force myself to eat. However, by the time the afternoon hits I am extremely hungry. I&#039;ve been trying to stick to a 1200 calorie diet, making healthier choices. There are days I get off track. I haven&#039;t exercised much. I&#039;m going to stick with it and see what happens. I know it&#039;s not a miracle cure, but a weight loss tool....I was hoping for a more drastic weight loss."
"I have the Paragard copper IUD for 4 months now, and so for my experience has been average. My only &quot;complaints&quot; are the cramps are at time excruciating! They come &quot;at random&quot; while I&#039;m on my period, nothing I&#039;ve ever felt before, heating pads, water and physical activity will be your friend ladies. My Dr says the first 3-5 periods will be hard for example heavier bleeding and cramping because the IUD is trying to settle in. Another weird point is that my boyfriend can feel like IUD at times during sex, the string is a little pokey at first but my Dr said it should soften up. I would suggest this birth control for anyone who doesn&#039;t want to take pills and doesn&#039;t have to worry about it!"
"I had a miscarriage August 2014 and September 2014 I had got on the shot to help with my periods but its not working. I started my period October 20th 2014 and still bleeding heavy November 5. I have headaches and the cramps are crazy never cramp or bleed this much."
"Qnasl is far superior to all liquid steriod sprays I have tried. It gets deeper into the sinuses and lasts all day. It burns going in, but that was a minor price to pay for not having to blow my nose all day."
"Amazing. Worked over night to moisturize my psoriasis on my knee!"
"I was on the birth control pill for 11- 12 years because I was having my periods in 6-8 months and was bleeding very heavy ... last year in August 2015 I stop taking my pill and start using progesterone cream, black cohosh, vitex, etc and my periods came on twice using this item so my did not came on for 3 months and it finally start in Jan 1, 2016 so around the end of Feb 25 , 2016 I went to my gyno to ask for provera I heard good stuff about this medicine online and she wrote me an  prescription for it and I took it on Feb 27,2016 10mg for 10days and five day off the pill my period came on it last about 7 days... now it almost time for second round of provera hope it work again"
"Zymar was very effective - only issue was the cost.  Thankfully my eye doctor gave me two sample bottles that carried me though treatments so I did not have to pay for the prescription."
"Was put on 1.25 mg for the constant bleeding my Nexplanon implant caused me. It didn&#039;t work &amp; made me so sick! I am a 23 yo mother of 2. Prior to Nexplanon &amp; Premarin, I had never used any kind of hormonal medicine. 

I had terrible pain in the left side of my calf, the whole left side of my body was numb, chest pain, rapid heart beat &amp; pal palpations, shortness of breath, dizziness, unbalanced, nausea, I felt like I was dying!"
"This med is horrible! I was on Victosa but my insurance stopped covering it and I was told this was the equivalent. So wrong. This burns horribly going in and uses a large gauge needle. I would rather give myself 5 or more insulin injection a day then this."
"I began using generic Keppra in 10/14 after four seizures, 500 mg in the am and pm.  There were abnormalities in my EEG. No seizures but very sleepy and sluggish during the day and weight gain.  Neurologist changed medication one Keppra  extended release three weeks ago and now I&#039;m losing my hair.  I&#039;m calling the neurologist to see what we can do."
"I was switched to TriNessa from Tri-Sprintec after switching insurance companies.  Before I started taking it I came to this site and read ALOT of terrible reviews.  I was about to go back to the doctor and ask to write my prescription for Tri-Sprintic ONLY but decided to give TriNessa a try.

I did not start TriNessa on the same cycle I had been on with Tri-Sprintec for the past two years and did experience a longer than normal period (about 8 days, but very light).  Now on my second month I have not gained any weight, have not had mood swings and my period is actually lighter now than it was with Tri-Sprintec (Only three days and VERY light).  I will without a doubt stay on TriNessa and recommend it to others."
"I was prescribed this a few months ago getting anxiety while driving. The prescription is &#039;0.5 mg once a day as needed.&quot; I have taken it about 3-5 times a week, a few times I have taken it twice a day. I have been having family issues recently, and I first thought that was the reason my occasional anxiety has progressed to debilitating (flying off the handle, depressive dying thoughts, chest pains) but  after research I&#039;ve concluded that I&#039;m actually going through withdrawal when I don&#039;t take it everyday. Now it&#039;s 2:36 AM, I&#039;m scared, mind won&#039;t shut off,  don&#039;t know how to wean off of this properly. I&#039;m  tired, will be calling into work in the morning for lack of sleep. Please do not take this and just get counselling for your anxiety first"
"Took first pill yesterday, later on that day I started feeling lightheaded and dizzy, and by evening headachy. This morning I looked at this sight and saw that dizziness was one of side effects. "
"I&#039;ve had chronic constipation for 8 years now and I can go anywhere between one to three weeks without a movement. My doctor prescribed me Amitiza and I&#039;m now having a movement every other day. The only reason I didn&#039;t give a ten is the side effects are brutal. I&#039;ve eaten a full meal and drank water and I&#039;ve still gotten terrible nausea and I&#039;ve even vomited from it. And the headaches don&#039;t give a good impression either. But I would rather deal with that than the horrible constipation. Overall I love it!"
"So I woke up coughing really bad lastnight and I had some mucinex dm night time. I took that to help me loosen up whatever was in my system. About 5-10 mind later I had this terrible terrible urge to throw up. This stuff does not settle in my stomach at all. This is the 3rd time I&#039;ve tried it within a 2 month span. Everytime I feel worse. I&#039;m just going to get rid of it. Not for everyone..."
"I&#039;m female 24 years old, 190lbs. I was on 5 mg to 10mg now I&#039;m at 20mg I have been on this medicine for 8 months. It makes me feel a little better but I have had bad dreams so now I take another pill to sleep."
"I absolutely depend on this medication. I am 22 years old and was diagnosed with Pseudotumor Cerebri mid April of 2016 and was severely sick...had an MRA, MRI, and a spinal tap done. I do not wish this illness on anyone. I&#039;m stuck with this for the rest of my life. This medicine has helped a lot so I will continue on taking it. I do not have any negative side effects. I take 1500 mg."
"Use this for chronic cluster headache.  Only medication that provides lessening of severe head pain.  Not enough research has been done with the use of Vicodin ES for chronic cluster headache pain.  "
"was very helpful in the control of my diabetes and was very easy to use...no needles was refreshing...I will continue use"
"Keeps me from tossing my co-workers down the steps."
"I used to take lunesta and it worked fine but I went back to ambien. Then I stopped both and my insomnia is back a year later. Personal issues. I decided to try lunesta because ambien would make me so tired I couldn&#039;t wake up in the morning. With lunesta I can wake up before my alarm clock. That&#039;s exactly what I needed. I haven&#039;t tried taking it for more than 2 months. Hopefully the effect doesn&#039;t wear off. If so I&#039;ll have to just go back to Benadryl."
"I have been taking Savella for almost 5 months and am overall very disappointed. Switching from Lexapro to Savella made for one week of hellish symptoms. Then I had nearly every awful side effect that is listed for Savella: rapid heartbeat, nausea, constipation, sweating, shivering, insomnia,etc. I WAS getting some significant pain relief, though, maybe 60%. The rapid heartbeat was a real concern, so I cut back to 75 mg. for a few weeks. The pain relief decreased, so I went back up to 100mg. again. Although the rapid heartbeat was no longer a problem, the FM pain relief has never returned either, and I still have the side effects, though the severity has lessened. My plantarfascitis pain is the only pain that is really reduced."
"I have taken oral ketamine for 17 days. For me it is a miracle drug for neuropathic pain. Started at 10 mg daily by 2.5 mg caps compounded by pharmacy. Side effects are wet mouth or excessive salivation, a dizziness that my body adjusted to quickly, a feeling of two beers or a slight intoxication, mild anxiety.  The reward of a 3 point drop in neuropathic pain level is worth it. I feel my old arthritic pain again much stronger. A 8 as the CRPS specific pain is a 4-5!  Oral metabolizes into norketamine &amp; hydro norketamine 5 times stronger than Ketamine. The iv dosing at high levels does not get this first pass metabolism and levels are higher mg than 15 mg. going to 20 mg after ok from doctor. I recommend patients with severe nerve pain."
"Day 3 of Pristiq....was just on Cymbalta for 4 months, and it was wonderful and then I got really anxious all of a sudden and angry so we switched. Prior to that I was on Celexa, Paxil and Prozac over 20 years. Am 50 year old female with two sons and husband. Have not noticed any change yet. Anxiety is gone, but I don&#039;t feel &#039;positive&#039; change, more neutral.  I take at night as prescribed by my doctor. I sleep well. I am more hungry now than when I was on Cymbalta and am worried I will gain back the weight I lost. Midday I get a tingling in my forehead and thirsty. Am tired. Hope to feel some really positive results over the next few days, as others have posted. Time to have my life back."
"They say in the packet that there may be some spotting but I&#039;ve had my period for over 6 months on Implanon."
"Before surgery stayed in bed(neck) took two pills when I got home,what a relief!I can at lease walk around now I would recommend this to anyone in pain.DEA please stop making this pill so hard to get when people like myself really need them."
"I have been on Suboxone now for exactly a year. I became addicted to pain pills after my doctor started handing them out like they were candy for my cramps. Needless to say the withdraws were horrible. I felt like I wanted to jump out of my skin. I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed, and was just not the person I used to be. The first day I took Suboxone I felt 100% better. I had some headaches the first couple of days of taking it, but those went away. "
"I am a 24yr old female, I&#039;ve had moderate acne since I was 13. I&#039;m along with the many of you who have tried everything... 
I&#039;ve done two rounds of Accutane (17yrs and 22 yrs) which cleared up my skin for about 1.5-2yrs. However, this time I started breaking out worse than ever. I didn&#039;t want to go back on Accutane due to the cost and responsibility (monthly blood work, monthly derm. visits, monthly pregnancy tests, copays &amp; cost = nightmare) so I was recently put onto 100MG twice a day in addition to topical Aczone (am) and Tazorac (pm). 

I have only been on it for a week, and so far and have noticed no huge side effects other than dry eyes and a little unusually tired. Nothing extreme, we&#039;ll see how it goes."
"I started taking Topamax since Monday, February 4th, 2013.  I have a history of migraines and lately have been having just bad headaches everyday.  I am taking 25mg a day and it has really helped. I have had no side effects except lack of interest in eating.  I have lost 3 lbs this week. I look forward to no headaches and will watch the weight loss but I can stand to lose a few pounds at this point."
"I was swabbed and diagnosed with Influenza Type A - H2N3.  I started Tamiflu about 18 hours after initial symptom onset.  Two days after starting Tamiflu, the worst symptoms are almost entirely gone.  I am still fatigued and have some respiratory crud, but the severe headache, muscle and joint pain, and fever are gone.  I have some minor, transient nausea, but I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s the medicine or the illness. 
"
"I started taking paroxetine about 5 years ago because I was lasting 2 mins in bed with my gf.  I never had that problem before but it was happening all the time.  My doctor told me I had anxiety and put me on paroxetine. Since then I have felt great and never looked back. The premature ejaculation went and I felt much better. I had always had negative panicky feelings but just thought it was normal and everyone felt like this but since starting it I have felt great.  It can be hard if you just stop the side affects are pretty bad but I am happy to keep on taking it because it works for me....hope this was helpful ;)"
"I love this birth control! I was on Lo(lo) and I gained 25 pounds in 3 months. Then I gained 20 pounds on this B.C.  But I always got my period clear skin everything is all good but I can&#039;t lose the weight! I&#039;m 5&#039;6 I used to weigh 145-150 now I&#039;m 198-200 due to this B.C. My doc is now giving me to try YAZ very scared I don&#039;t know if I rather be fat or get a blood clot."
"In 2015, my water broke and I had my daughter at 35 weeks. Lucky she was just fine at 5 lbs 10 oz and came home with us. When I got pregnant with my son early this year, my OB recommend the Makena injection. I started the weekly injection at 16 weeks and continued it until 36 weeks. The shot was occasionally painful and sometimes I would have a itchy red bump at the injection site. My water broke 4 days after the last shot and I had my son when I was 36w6d. He was 7lbs 13 oz and was perfectly healthy. It is hard to tell if the Makena injection worked or not but if I wasn&#039;t on it, who knows, he may have came sooner so I am glad I decided to do the shot."
"Was on 50mg sertraline for anxiety it helped heaps socially and was able talk away easily to people with out getting sweating hands and nervous etc.  I found if i took anymore then 50 I couldnt sleep. It hasn&#039;t helped at all with other anxiety issues though which was the main reason I got put on them but they did benifit me socially alot"
"I have been on singular for less than 1 week.   I have noticed that with the slightest bump I bruise easily.   My mouth is dry but my throat is not closing in.   I have been sleeping better and have been more active.   Still take allergy medicine occasionally, advair and blue puffer.   Wowzers"
"22 years old, was on the pill for 5 years, no children. And I wanted something new. Well, I had my insertion approx. 2 hours ago and I have to say, it was painful. But it was a pain that is completely tolerable. Expect some discomfort and lightheadedness afterwards. Take it slow, I recommend laying down for an additional 10-15 mins (my gyno recommended this as well). I strongly advise having a close relative or significant other to drive!! The cramps lessen throughout time, and they come in extreme waves. But it&#039;s no worse than your first day period cramps. I know you&#039;re thinking &quot;Eh... I&#039;m still not sure....&quot; But I&#039;m here to tell you, this is a procedure that&#039;s worth it. Do it now, so you can be responsible in your future."
"I have been on Prozac for approx 25 years. Whenever I try to get off of it I never feel as good as I do when I take it. I recommend this medicine to treat depression, anxiety, bulimia, obsessive compulsive disorder and stress."
"I&#039;ve recently switched to Safyral from Beyaz about two months ago and I love it! I was nervous because I searched the Internet over and over, and only found one good review for this pill so I thought I&#039;d give my experience to people who are wanting to try this. I&#039;ve had no major issues or changes except positive ones. While taking Beyaz my face was broken out at least with 3-5 blemishes every week, I decided to ask my Obgyn what I should do and as suggested going on Safyral. So I did and I noticed immediate skin clearing. I haven&#039;t had one blemish since I started using this stuff. It doesn&#039;t affect my mood or personality either! I just feel like myself but with clear skin now! I&#039;d recommend this to anyone!"
"I think it might be just as good as Adderall. I can&#039;t tell fully yet as I haven&#039;t totally adjusted to it. I do feel clear headed, focused and content."
"Well,

Had an interaction with celexa and caused ocular migraines. Scared the hell out of me I though I had a stroke or brain aneurysm. Complete blindness in my right eye, that thank god came back gradually over a week. And when it did on bits of the ocular field would come in all statically. Trial and error, I tried it off and on twice over a month with the exact same out come."
"My experience was great! I was so nervous about inserting it in but it was painless. My doctor told me to cough while she was inserting it and felt nothing. I had no pain just felt tired that day but besides that the cramping was very mild feeling nothing really (lasting only 2 days) It&rsquo;s been 1 week so far and I feel like nothing is there. Best birth control for me. I&rsquo;ve took the pills before and would forget to take my pills and stress out. Now I&rsquo;m stress free and so glad I have chosen this form of birth control."
"I had numerous set of 35 shots of Botox for headaches. Started with 100 units, then 150 units, then 200 units.This over a period of 1 and a half years. I had pain in my neck, shoulder and injection site pain, it did help with the headaches but didn&#039;t take away completely. So the doctor give me 300 units of Botox. That was biggest mistake of my life 7 hours later my head started feeling very weird, I started having bad anxiety. I called the doctor he said it had to run its  90 days then it would get better it&#039;s been almost 2 years. It isn&#039;t any better. I&#039;m exhausted, the weird feeling and anxiety is worse I have no life. One Doctor at the ER told me the problems I&#039;m having are definitely caused from the Botox. Do your research before you take Botox its ruined my life!!"
"on my second week of doxycycline and I already see major improvements. i mostly break out on my jaw area and so far i haven&#039;t gotten new breakouts besides maybe one or two pimples whiteheads that go away very quickly.  It has got rid of my cysts, hard bump acne. I mostly have scar and hyper pigmentation now. didn&#039;t vote 10 stars because i haven&#039;t finished first month yet"
"I had been on depo for 10 years. I switched to nexplanon about 9-10 month ago. I wanted off depo because I had no sex drive, thinning hair, and bad bad acne. Since switching my hair is getting thicker, my sex drive has gone through the roof, and my acne has settled down. I am getting a full 3-5 day period every three weeks.... I&#039;m waiting to see if this goes away. I haven&#039;t gained weight, my breast have grown-and are very sensitive and tender. Right now the pro&#039;s and con&#039;s are equal. If I continue to get a period so often I may consider changing, but I am happy with how it makes me feel compared to the drone I was on the depo."
"there was a period of time when i kept going to the emergency room for chest pains and shortness of breath. my heart and everything checked out perfect. i went to the doctor and described these episodes i was having and he prescribed ativan 2mg and i have never experienced the tightness of the chest as often once i discovered i was having panic attacks. it is very helpful and not too sedative, and it might not work for everyone, if possible try small rx or samples first."
"I got a MRSA staph infection from a cut on my knee. As the infection spread all across the knee, I was admitted into the hospital. I went through surgery where they flushed the joint with antibiotics but it didn&#039;t help the infection so they prescribed 2 weeks of oral Zyvox and the infection seems to have gone away. We just can&#039;t seem to keep the swelling down. "
"It did help with symptoms but it caused depression for me. took it for three days then realized that , had depression.  Google claritin and depression and the second listing that comes up us a discussion on this website about claritin from users saying it caused depression for them"
"I took a medicine and my throat swelled up to the point where I couldn&#039;t get a word out, and had to write things down to communicate. My Doctor prescribed me 75mg of prednisone, and immediately I could feel the difference. Within 2 days my throat was back to normal and I felt great again, loved this."
"Taken Jardine along with Janumet for a little over 1 year. I weighed 191 when I started. I now weigh 137. Alc was 10.8, now 6.1. I have experienced no negative side effects. I have had no episodes if blood sugar dropping too low. Great medication!"
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for 2 years now. Great form of birth control, never had to use a back up at all. Very convenient. I don&#039;t even notice it. Down sides are that I bleed for 3 out of 4 weeks a month and they are heavy. Also I have gained a lot of weight. I would not use this birth control again. Only because the pill seemed to work better for me."
"Lexapro really surprised me. It help so much with my depression and compulsive disorders. I mean before, I could even function with my life or at work. I was extremely paranoid and didn&#039;t want to socialize at all. I&#039;ve been on for 1 Week, and I can tell you I feel more confident and social. I&#039;m more relax and see life brighter than what I saw before. I shouldn&#039;t had to wait 26 years to finally be happy. I currently taking 10mg. At first the medicine made me dizzy, but after 2 day, just normal."
"I&#039;ve had chronic pain as a result of a coiling embolization in my brain.I was tried on so many different pain meds I thought about throwing in the towel...the cure was worse than the pain at times.Thankfully,my doctor suggested methadone.I&#039;ve used this medication for over 5 yrs now with no complications other than having to increase it yearly to accomidate the tolerance effect.I also like it because it is inexpensive and doesn&#039;t leave me feeling high or goofy."
"This drug has been a miracle for my pain but I cannot sleep more that 2-3 hours a day.  This is my 4th week at 900mg a day, I have tried taking them at different times of the day (within the 12 hr window). 4 or 5 hours after I take them I get a &quot;boost&quot; for an hour of semi hyperactivity that ends up in a little gloom from staring at the ceiling."
"Honestly I was pretty scared taking this medicine after reading these reviews, but I took it and did not have one problem what so ever, also cleared my UTI right up ! Started off taking bacterium and had The WORST side effects, headache, dizziness, my body tingled, Super sick so they switched me to macrobid for 5 days and had no problems, ate with a healthy meal ever time I took it and drank lots of water throughout the day. Everyone is different, so I guess I found the one that works best for me!"
"I have very sensitive skin and am prone to dry/itchy skin however Duac has not affected me in this way at all. Duac literally got rid of all my spots on my forehead within a few uses, and not only that, but that was 3 years ago and I haven&#039;t suffered since. I use it every now and then on the odd spot but that&#039;s all...Duac is a miracle!!!"
"Suboxone stopped my addiction &amp; drug use *dead in its tracks*. There was no withdrawal at all. Now, 4 months into the maintenance phase,  the daily Suboxone dose totally prevents cravings. Even cravings for alcohol are gone. I am comfortable &amp; happy. BUT,  is extremely important to be on the right dose of it, AND then to adhere to the dosing exactly as prescribed -- with no fooling around. It seems that some people play games with it (snorting it, taking it rectally, alternative ways of taking it rather than under the tongue) and then complain that Suboxone was a catastrophe. Well, no wonder it was, in those cases. But it has helped make *major* positive changes in my life. No bad side effects."
"I originally tried Zanaflex 4 mg after a whiplash and it didn&#039;t help. Later I still had some and accidentally took it one time and it worked. Now I take the 6mg capsule as needed for muscle spasm and it has worked better for me than Flexeril, Soma, Robaxin and several others."
"I started this medication to control bleeding. My skin is clear (I don&#039;t usually have acne anyway), my mood is fine and, even better regulated. I haven&#039;t had many side effects on this pill....just one. A big one, I had breakthrough bleeding every time I turned around. I also wear contacts and it caused some dry eye. All in all, I think its a very good pill if your cycle remains regular. My insurance paid for the medication, so it was fee."
"Currently popular in ER&#039;s, it has had no effect.  Once they have given maximum number of dosages and I am still actively vomiting. Finally I get old fashioned Phenergan and then things turn around."
"A miracle cure, I think.

I used Jublia with two laser treatments  over five months.    I had infection in ten out of ten toes for the last 12 years.  My toenails  are almost back to completely normal.  The reason I say I think it was Julia is because  I became obsessed with getting rid of the infestation. 

 Besides daily Jublia treatments I  treated all my shoes daily with an anti-fungal agent and  and bathed my feet every thee days in a solution of apple cider vinegar.  I also reduced my sugar consumption during this period.  It is possible to win that battle."
"I started taking this a month ago for endometriosis and cysts and so far I am miserable.  &quot;Back in the day&quot; I used to have no problem with birth control but after the birth of my boys I now struggle with bad side effects (mostly mood related). I am not sure if this is because of my age (40) or if my hormones have changed (maybe both). I had the worst cramps of my life 4 days into my first pack and I bled for 14 days straight and even now continue to have cramps. I also have *very* noticeable depression--but again, I am prone to this so I think the pill just makes it worse. I also noticed today I have gained 3 pounds and I am a hardcore marathon runner--so I know it has to be from this pill."
"I know your here Reading this to see if it really works and YES it  WORKS Well it was my birthday and me and my friend went off messing around and well then this happened that he finished in me and I well am not ready at all to be a mom neither him to be a dad so we went to a pharmacy 5hours after the happening and yes it&#039;s pretty expensive but it&#039;s worth it at the end. So anyways I took it five hours after the accident  it was really nerve wrecking  so then  the next day I felt nauseous and well major headaches through out but nothing unbearable you&#039;ll get cramps here and their it&#039;s been exactly a week from the deed and I got my period finally and well never been anymore happy for my period"
"I enjoy reading everyone&#039;s stories as I search for an answer to my depression and anxiety issues.  I think it is important that you state the dose (regular, SR, or XL) and mg you are taking as it makes a difference. I am assuming we are all talking generic as well.  My MD psychiatrist will only prescribe the SR and says the XL &quot;is garbage,&quot;  I was interested in the Xl because of the convenience of taking one a day.  My brother, who is year younger and hardwired like me, swears by the 300 XL and says it helps him tremendously.  I was trying to sell that to my MD but he was not buying it.  Anyways, I have been taking 2 x 150 SR daily and I feel more energized, level headed, with less binge eating. No luck on Celexa, Paxil and Effexor.."
"When I see the commercial for Restasis on television, the lady who is on the commercial looks scary.  Her eyes look so unnatural.  She is staring like some zombie.  I would not even try this just because of her zombie eyes.  Either fix that or find someone else who does not look like zombie on TV."
"After having 3 premature deliveries, my doctor recommended Makena with my 4th pregnancy. I started Makena in my 16th week of pregnancy and continued all the way until 36 weeks. I ended up being induced at 39 weeks. The shot really does work! It is a bit painful when the medicine goes in but icing the area before the shot is administered helps! Also - make sure to rub the area after the shot to reduce swelling to help the oil disperse. 

I wish I had the shot with all of my pregnancies!"
"Hi guys, I&#039;ve been taken Otezla for about three weeks now. I feel my psoriasis is a bit better, but the side effects have been so bad that I haven&#039;t been able to work for a week. I&#039;m so tired all the time. But I&#039;m not giving up, keep taking the pills."
"I have been taking for four months. Have not had a period the entire time. No other side effects. Im not concerned im pregnant, so have not taken any tests. I have two children and am not experiencing any pregnancy symptoms. A back up method was used for the first three months"
"Taking this was one of the most frightening experiences of my life. First, if it like gravity pulled me me to the floor and pinned me down. Then I looked over at my arm, and  it appeared to be lying there detached from my body!   I wavered between logically asking my husband what this phenomenon was I was experiencing, and being frightened that it might be true. Wondering if this happened to anyone else."
"Started on 5mg once a day.  Withing three weeks had episode of eye pain and severe conjunctivitis.  I didn&#039;t suspect the med and neither did eye doc.  Medication (drops ordered for eye problems). Conjunctivitis became chronic despite meds. Severe fatigue.  Withing five months I was having pain and difficulty walking.  My BP responded well and was normal, but had increased difficulty on short walks, developed  &quot;brain fog&quot;, stopped gardening, walking, daily exercises.  I did not connect the med with the symptoms until a year later when I was unable to walk three level blocks because of leg, back, and foot pain. I decided might be the med and stopped it.  Now perfectly normal and BP mildly elevated. No more BP meds for me."
"I&#039;m in my early 60&#039;s and am suffering from the usual aches and pains from arthritis, injuries and just old age.  Shooting pains from my knees will make me limp during sex.  I can&#039;t easily bring this up with my family physician so I ordered from an U.S. online pharmacy in Arizona that charges a &quot;consultation&quot; fee prescription that&#039;s only good for purchase on their website.  I quartered a 100mg Viagra tablet and after about 15 minutes felt a flushing sensation around my nose and eyes, then we had sex like we were in our 20&#039;s for an hour.  Only one star taken away because of the high cost. Can&#039;t wait for OTC Cialis next year."
"For everyone posting bad reviews did any of you take it after eating a complete meal? I made the mistake of taking one before after eating a light snack and I got the fever chills etc. like everyone else, but if I take it after eating a good size meal then I&#039;m fine. DON&#039;T TAKE ON EMPTY STOMACH! These antibiotics do work great! Don&#039;t let the bad reviews stop you from taking them just do what I said and eat real food and if you still have side effects then call your doctor. But from my experience as long as I eat no problems with them."
"I am 49 yrs old, had cystic acne all my adult life. My dermatologist put me on Acanya 5 months ago and my skin looks the best it ever had.  My co-workers all think I am wearing makeup.  Have such large pores and they are shrinking too. No peeling, I guess because I have oily skin.  But as an African American woman, I didn&#039;t think I would ever find anything that would successfully help my skin. I am so grateful.  It just takes patience!"
"I took this drug for two reasons. First to stop drinking so much and secondly to iron out my highs and lows. Let me say it worked wonders on both fronts. But getting to the sweet spot on the dosage is tough. On the way to the 150 mg daily dose which seemed to even me out and make me act right, it was super tough. I was more low. Suicidal even and I could give a damn about anything. But I know once I got to 150 mg. I&#039;d stick to my plan of not drinking and be much more motivated and optimistic. It&#039;s nothing short of miraculous. The sad state of affairs is about a year and half in I developed some liver issue. Was it this drug? Was it something else? Who knows, but I had to go off. Ode to how much life sucks without this chemical optimism!"
"I&#039;ve been taking 15 mg 2x/day with good results.  My social anxiety has improved and I am sleeping much better.  I have been taking Ambien almost every night for the past 4 years and now down to less than 1x/week.  That to me has made it worth it."
"I&#039;m 28 and I&#039;ve been a smoker for 14 years. I have 2 small children and I was tired of putting their health at risk for this disgusting habit. It also costs a small fortune. I&#039;ve been on Chantix for almost 4 weeks and I haven&#039;t smoked for the last 3 weeks. Basically, the cigarettes started tasting and smelling strange and were significantly less satisfying. My side effects have been: very vivid and strange dreams, some nausea if I haven&#039;t eaten before taking it, and a couple of pretty dramatic mood swings. All in all its been worth it. Just know that you have to WANT to quit. Every once in a blue moon I&#039;ll have a teeny craving, but I quickly distract myself and it passes so quickly that you wouldn&#039;t even remember you had the craving."
"Started this medicine at 45 yrs and have gained 35lbs in three years without any change in diet or exercise. Take 4mg day and this is the only medicine I take. Find that this medicine will cause psychotic episodes if taken with more than a 6-8 beers or half bottle of spirits. Next day I can&#039;t remember what I said or was doing and this is not good. If you like to consume alcohol beware of this drug as it will turn you into a zombie who does not remember later what you did or said, very scary. Haloperidol was once prescribed for a couple of days and I experienced double vision and extreme paranoia as well as chest pains."
"To all the negitive reviews it really depends on the person I had my youngest december 26 2015 and in mid January I got the depo shot and I&#039;ve lost weight I hadn&#039;t had a peroid I only had two days of spotting my sex drive is starting to come back and as far as moody goes I&#039;ve been Moody my whole life here my skin is clear that&#039;s about all I can say so please don&#039;t listen to the negatives I know there&#039;s a lot built depends on the person"
"This medicine definitely worked for me.  It takes hours for me to fall asleep and i usually wake up pretty much every hour.  I did fall asleep fast and it pretty much kept me asleep.  I did wake up 2 or 3 times during the night, but fell right back to sleep.  After 9 hours of sleep I could barely open my eyes, they were very bloodshot and I was super sensitive to light.  Additionally, I was stumbling around a little.  When I woke up at night i felt a little disoriented too.  I went back to sleep for another hour and felt a little better.  It took hours for the grogginess to wear off.  I only took 50mg.  I think i may try 10mg and see how that works.  I would recommend trying it when you have the next day off, just to test for side effects"
"About 4 weeks after starting this pill I started spotting. It was a brown color and was not enough for a pad/tampon or even panty liner. I could only notice it when I wiped. After 7 days I decided to stop taking the pill and let my period start. This did the trick and the spotting stopped. The period was not painful at all and I did not feel it at all which is wonderful. Aside from the spotting I have no complaints from this pill. Have been on it 7 weeks now."
"I got the nexplanton about 6 months ago and DO NOT recemend it !!! , I knew one of the side effects would be weight gain and that was my biggest fear , I went gym 3 times a week and ate healthy , it was only then I realised none of it mattered and that only after 6 months I had put on 2 stone !!! I&#039;m now very uncomfortable with my own body and can&#039;t wait to get it removed !!!!!"
"I am taking for prophylaxis of shingles with chemotherapy treatment. No side effects, one of the easier pills to take."
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia about 3 years ago.  I have tried many types of medications from narcotics to anti-seizure medications to control the pain.  I have been on Cymbalta for the last 4 months.  Cymbalta works wonderful and I am able to live a pain free life."
"Started ambein. Took for years. I built a tolorence.  Now on lunesta at 3mg. Worked for about a month and now I am back to sleepless nights :("
"This is my MIRACLE drug! I&#039;ve suffered with migraines since around the age of 16, now 33. I&#039;ve tried tons of different medications but Relpax, although terribly expensive, has been the ONLY solution for me. The only real side effect I have trouble with is entire body sensitivity to touch. Literally, just putting a bar of soap to my skin hurts. However, it&#039;s only temporary and I&#039;d much rather that temporary feeling than a migraine. Can&#039;t wait until there is a generic! GREAT medicine!"
"I get 1-2 cold sore out breaks a year and if not immediately addressed can stick around for a month. I have tried probably every remedy out there before abreva came out and nothing ever did the trick. Once hearing about abreva via tv advertising I decided to give it a try. My first experience with it wasnt the greatest and that was mainly because i didnt properly use it. Once I figured out just what to do once I feel the cold sore coming on, it has completely changed my life in the manner of cold sores. I went from having to deal with them for up to a month at a time to getting rid of the cold sore within a couple of days and completely unnoticeable. I have been using abreva for about 3 years now and haven&#039;t had a troublesome sore since! :)"
"Today I went to the doctor due to some moderate/severe lower abdominal pain that wasn&#039;t going away after 2 days. It even woke me up in waves of shooting pain. An X ray showed that I constipation was in fact the root of my problem, so the doctor told me to go to the pharmacy and pick up a couple bottles of this stuff. I was already nauseous due to the constipation, so I only had about 3/4 of one bottle, and drank about 16oz or so of water. At first, not much happened, just occasional gas and nausea. About 4-5 hours later is when it really kicked in. And, it works very well. The nausea is going away too, I&#039;m starting to get my appetite back, &amp; I&#039;m less bloated. Warning: when the tummy rumbles start, RUN do not walk to the nearest toilet."
"I tried Chantix the first time and did not complete it.  Tried it a second time with diligent determination.  It has now been 2 years, 2 months &amp; 28 days with 100% success.  I can truthfully say that I do not miss smoking &amp; have become one of those people that cannot tolerate second hand smoke.  I am not vocal about it as I was once one of &quot;those&quot; folks.  I had tried nearly everything thru the years and Chantix was my lifesaver."
"I have been prescribed almost everything available to help migraine attacks EXCEPT for Botox. Since being on Naratriptan I have my life back. From having an attack last 5-7 days to almost immediate relief, one day groggy I&#039;m so happy. Just doesn&#039;t put me to sleep. Best product ever. Average price in Australia about $40 for 4 tablets"
"Had ulcerative colitis/Crohn&#039;s Disease for 20+ years.  Was on sulfasalazine, taking prednisone for flare-ups.  Switched to Lialda 3 years ago.  It had fewer side effects, but did not control my condition.  After 2 serious bouts of anemia (one hospitalization and 5 units of blood), my doctor decided on Humira.  That was 6 months ago.  No side effects at first, but recently got a sinus infection (congestion, coughing, very sore throat).  Took prescribed antibiotics, but it won&#039;t go away.  I felt better while taking the antibiotics, but the symptoms returned after they were done.  Hope this is not a sign of things to come!  Decreased ability to fight infections, right?"
"I&#039;m writing this to help calm some fears. I was freaking out reading these reviews about 3 weeks ago.  
I had protected sex with a condom, but it broke and we didn&#039;t realize until we were done.  He came inside me; none was in the condom.  It was also the middle of my cycle, so I was fertile.  I freaked, cleaned up, and went to CVS.  I took the plan b about an hour after the incident.  The next day I had weird cramps and felt like I needed to throw up.  Then I had no other side effects until about 10 days after taking plan b when I started spotting.  I spotted very lightly for 5 days then all of a sudden got a pretty heavy period that lasted a week. I&#039;m so relieved it worked!  I&#039;m glad I took it so soon or it may not have worked."
"I am a mid twenties female and I have struggled with acne my entire teenage-adult years. I was desperate for clear skin, but not desperate enough to go on accutane. I had to beg my dermatologist to put me on it, b/c she only wanted me to do accutane. Needless to say 4 months and I was still having breakouts, my derm. increseased to 50mg 2x daily and that did the trick. I had NO ZITS for the first time in my life I had clear skin. I was on spiro for 1 year. BUT then, I wanted to get pregnant. So I had to go off of it. First 3 months, I was in the clear no acne. Then BAM, it came back. Not only did it come back, but it came back SO much worse than before. DON&#039;T do it, I know you want no acne, but this is not the solution."
"It was my first time to use combivent. I was able to sleep well because I am not coughing the whole night though I have a hard time breathing as if there is something heavy on my chest and i feel so tired. Thanks to this article I just found out I belong to the 2% who experience such side effects.."
"I have dealt with chronic pain for 30 years. History of left hip fracture, left femur complete break, right foot 180 degree. Multiple fractures were rebuilt with steel rod in femur, pins in left Hip and construction metal in my right foot. In 2010, I fractured my left foot slippig on stairs The foot healed. I had tore my meniscus, again, and had a second surgery. Fractured ribs, lumbar stenosis, hearniated L4-5. Degenerative Spondylosis, central canal stenosis, Bilateral neuroformal stenosis, left paracentral disk herniation @ L5-S1, facet arthhropathy pain is bad, but the pain of CRPS is next level. Amitriptyline 10-20mg at night allows me to sleep without waking in pain. Amitryptiline reduces neuropathic pain and with ER/IR opioids, CRPS"
"In school and gym class I would always sweat sooooo much and it was extremely embarrassing.  In the slightest heat I would sweat buckets even without any activity.  This worked the day after applying and I was simply amazed at how wonderful it works.  Only downside is after you apply it it itches but itching makes the skin irritated so you kinda have to grin and bear it."
"I started phentermine capsules end of August 2016 weight was about 197-199lbs starting out. I tried to lose weight for 2 years I had never been this heavy &amp; felt miserable everyday cut out pop was drinking only water &amp; attempted to diet with no success. Tried the tablets before 37.5 mg gained 10lbs so this time my primary doctor called in capsules to the pharmacy, within the first week I lost around 7lbs which I&#039;m sure was water weight. First month I lost 25lbs give or take then the 2nd month I didn&#039;t lose so I went off of them for 2 weeks started again lost a couple more lbs. I am now 165lbs Feb. 2017 I haven&#039;t lost since but I have maintained. I also never exercised. 500 calories the first 3 weeks on them with breaks here &amp; there."
"After years of flopping about  at 52 I spoke to the doctor who recommended cialis  5mg daily for 3 months. He said it should start to work after 4 or 5 days so  2 days in we gave it a go and not one slip out . It stayed up for the job whilst my poor long suffering wife delivered twice and it stayed upright until I delivered my deposit too. I can&#039;t wait till day 4 or 5 as I feel like a new man. Bring on bed time as I am planning on getting my money&#039;s worth. Delighted ..."
"I had the Implanon implanted Aug 3, 2011. I was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome in 2006 and was put on a estrogen birth control until I switched to the Implanon. I have gained at least 20 Lbs, feel tired all the time and have no sex drive. I&#039;m cranky almost all the time where I used to be easy to get along with. The PCOS symptoms such as unwanted facial hair seems to have gotten worse since I started Implanon. I had a 7 day period at the end of Aug(2011), bled one day at the end of Sept(2011), 3 day period in the middle of Oct(2011), 4 day period the middle of January(2012) then bled 2 days the following week, and bled 1 day the second week in Aug (2012). The random days I have bled wearing a panty liner sufficed."
"I suffered from food poisoning, and was throwing up constantly. However after taking this medicine I was able to keep food down and it really helped with the vomiting. It is  a powerful medicine and will make you sleepy. Use with caution during day time."
"In October 2010 I had a psychotic attack.  It appears that my old medicine escitalopram (taken since 2004) has failed to treat my ongoing depressions. Since have transferred onto this medicine about six months ago by a psychiatrist. Taken with escitalopram I gained 1.5 stones in weight. No longer taking escitalopram the weight has dropped off of me. Now taking a dosage of 200 mg daily this medicine is not working on either the hallucinations or the depression. May need a stronger dosage and/or take in combination with an antidepressant."
"If I could go back in time I would have never gotten Skyla inserted. I had Skyla in for only 53 days, yet the negative effects I experienced were very apparent. I had spotting the entire time, which I knew was expected, but the most horrific side effect was hair loss. I have lost over half my hair within those 53 days, and I am still shedding abnormal amounts. I am trying to stay positive in hopes that my body will stabilize itself soon. To anyone reading this, I urge you to take all the side effects into consideration. I am a healthy 25 year-old. I eat extremely healthy and workout consistently, but the hormones were apparently too much for my body to handle. I don&#039;t want anyone else to have to go through what I&#039;ve endured."
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor for several years and suffered severe sexual effects so went to the doc and he started me on Remeron. For the last three years I&#039;ve been training cardio 5-6 times  a week, had lost 10 kg and feeling quite proud of my body. Now at just over three months on Remeron I started feeling my clothes getting tighter, am feeling fat, bloated and lethargic. I can&#039;t train with the intensity I am  used to and just want to go to bed earlier and earlier. I weighed myself the other day and to my horror found I&#039;d put on 11 kg. I don&#039;t feel I&#039;ve been eating much more than I used to. Of course the realization that I&#039;ve lost everything I&#039;ve worked for in recent years has made me feel pretty bad, and  I&#039;m not sure I want to continue."
"Trilipix greatly reduced my trigycerides when added to the Lipitor and Zetia that I was previous prescribed.  No side effects from the Trilipix."
"Week 4 and only feel a little confused in the mornings as a side effect, it&#039;s working fantastic for me"
"Saved my life."
"Taking this after care of breast cancer! Hasn&#039;t caused any problems at all and almost done taking it! Evidently it&#039;s great in the help of my breast cancer."
"I began using Incruse Ellipta after my Medicare Advantage plan discontinued coverage for Spiriva, which I had used successfully for a couple of years. The biggest problem I encountered was the horrid, bitter taste of the Incruse. At first I thought perhaps I had received an outdated inhaler, but my first refill had the same awful taste. I developed thrush and had to be treated for that. After six weeks on the Incruse Ellipta, I and my Immunologist applied for and were granted an exception for me to return to using Spiriva."
"Pounding heart in any and all public speaking situations and performances. Beta Blockers taken about 2-hours prior alleviate 100% of symptoms. Maybe I&#039;m still nervous, but without the associated physical symptoms, who cares. It works, no side affects, and only taken when I need them. Also tried every other drug or therapy with no or little success."
"Imitrex is a wonderful drug for us Cluster Heads.  I&#039;ve not been without one on or about my person for the past 17 years.  I&#039;m sure that all of us cluster suffers only wish that they would work a lot faster (like the injectitons), but I am sooooo thankful for them in any form.  A real &quot;life saver&quot;."
"NovolinN works for me and is cheaper than Lantus. No adverse reactions and identical results. "
"Started last year. I&#039;ve had RLS since I was a child. But the older I&#039;ve gotten it has gotten worse. To top it off I now have lesions on the brain so it makes it 10x worse. Started with low dose but I&#039;ve had to up the dose. Here lately I take 2 then try to lay down after an 1hr when it kicks in 10mins I start twitching then have to take another. I&#039;m learning no caffeine 2 hours before I take meds. I&#039;ve been lucky no side effects but doc told me I was the worse case of PLMD/RLS he has ever seen. He said I had little or no Dopamine in my body. That maybe why I don&#039;t suffer the side effects like everyone else. No compulsions to gamble. No sickness. I fear I am building up a tolerance to this medicine."
"I have been on Lolo Estrin FE for about a year and a half now. This is my first BC pill. After taking it for the first time, I basically had what felt like severe PMS for a week or so, accompanied by cramps, general moodiness, and spotting. After that, it seemed to even out and things got better. My main complaint is that I seem to be much moodier than I&#039;ve ever been in the past during my period - becoming depressed and I have almost no sex drive. I have had major breast tenderness in the first few months of taking it (feels like my boobs were getting bigger and just achy).  I&#039;ve gained a little weight (4lb) but nothing unusual. But, I also can&#039;t seem to lose it, either. (I bike everyday for at least an hour and am generally a healthy eater"
"Used months ago on my upper chest now my skin looks 20 years younger there. I just had a surgery so I took advantage of a week prior starting  it. Areas I would have never thought were the worst and I am thankful I used the product to help prevent and stop or slow an issue that would turn to cancer."
"I took Silenor 6 mg and slept like a rock but had a terrible time getting going the next morning.  Although I drank coffee I still felt groggy and in a light daze well past noon.  Going to try cutting it in half to 3 mg and see if it works without the groggyness."
"I had this implanted in March of 2017 after giving birth to my son. Since having the implant I experienced extreme sweating and constantly feeling like my body was on fire. I was literally dripping sweat from head to toe with very little exertion. I would take a cold shower and I would still be sweating in the shower! The only thing I could attribute this to was nexplanon. Another side effect is having the sensation of pins and needles down my arm into my hand (still experiencing) and zero sex drive. I finally had my nexplanon removed 2 weeks ago. Hopefully those side effects will continue to diminish over time."
"I&#039;ve only had Implanon for a short period of time but I&#039;ve had none of the side effects some of these girls are having. No acne and it actually helped me lose weight. I was afraid after all these reviews I would gain but it helped me get off of my plateau! "
"I left a review a month after I was on this pill and gave it a 10/10. Now after three months, my opinion and experience has changed entirely. 1. I have never had a yeast infection and I am 99% sure I had one and it is finally gone after a couple of weeks. 2. My periods are painful and heavy. 3. I am currently experiencing heavy bleeding while having a week left of my pills (i.e. I&#039;m not supposed to be on my period until next week).

I am very concerned and am calling my gyno tomorrow to switch pills immediately. I loved the pill I was on a year ago (ortho tri cyclen lo) so I think I&#039;m going to look into it again.

Please disregard my last review under Lindsey S."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 3 months, only 1 week away, but I&#039;ve been bleeding since the second week I started this pill. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain, acne problems, but I have had a significant decrease in energy (which with how much I enjoy running, is not working out because I would rather sleep all day and lay around and that&#039;s not me at all). Also sex drive = none existent and I should have the urge at 23, but just isn&#039;t there. So, this definitely isn&#039;t the right pill for me. It did eliminate the cramping though, but the bleeding and being worn out is too much to handle."
"LOVE this medicine. I have been clinically obese for years. Belviq controls my appetite, where I no longer have a urge to eat uncontrollably. I can resist the temptation. Thanks Belviq."
"Been on Victoza for 3 mos now and saw my Dr yesterday, happy to report down 40 lbs in 3 mos and now increased to 1.8 dosage.  If you can stick it out with the side effects, it does get better.  I barely have any side effects anymore...not 100% gone but much better!  Pending for the results on my A1C reading but I feel it is much better than it was prior to this RX."
"I have had severe migraines for sometime and was on 4 different pain medications, this medication completely omits migraines from the day. Only side effects for me were being wired, and kinda snappy and sometimes short tempered. I&#039;ve been taking it for a year, only when I&#039;m going to have a migraine I take one!  "
"I have been taking Paxil now for 9 years. I have thanked my doctor and I have had much luck and success with controlling my social anxiety and panic disorders. Great medication for me."
"I had been on a different BCP for over 20 years and had a generally low libido but pretty much no period with that pill. I went off to have a child then retuned to the same pill and became very emotional and depressed with a worse libido. My doctor changed me to Minastrin and my emotions were much better and libido improved also. I do get spotting the week before my period which is non existent. However now that I&#039;ve been on this pill for over a year my weight has increased 14 pounds. I am so hungry and my blood sugar doesn&#039;t seem to be very steady ( I tend to get low blood sugar easily and am not a diabetic ). So now I&#039;m really hungry and can eat as much as my husband and even though I&#039;m exercising more I continue to gain weight."
"So far I got two shots of this Makena. And you ladies are right that the shot in the butt really hurt and in my case stays painfull till I have to get the other shots. But so far I am not feeling any negative side effects yet. We will see and I will update you on what else going to happen. So far everything Is good and hopefully I won&#039;t have my baby till it&#039;s due date. My first baby was premature. After receiving the shot for some reasons I never felt more beautiful I feel that my skin is healthier than ever. Again I am not sure if it&#039;s because of Makena but that&#039;s just how I feel now."
"Crestor lowered my cholesterol and triglycerides, but I noticed weight gain (20 pounds in a year) and tiredness and no energy. I started having chest pains, arm pain, jaw pain. Cardiologist did a catheterization and found nothing to warrant the symptoms I was having. I stopped the Crestor and within 2 to 3 weeks I feel back to normal and dropped 8 pounds! I have increased my fish oil intake and paying more attention to diet hopefully won&#039;t have to go back on another statin."
"I&#039;ve taken this for over a year, and I love it! My boobs have grown and I&#039;ve stayed my moderate weight. Mood swings? Eh not really. We all get emotional on our periods. Birth control is not 100% effective, but this thing works! I was with my boyfriend for 6 months of the year. We never used a condom and he came in me. Never got pregnant.  The best thing is this helps so much with my periods.  Less cramping. Before I&#039;d be nauseous to the point I&#039;d sometimes throw up, stay up hours in so much abdominal pain. This makes periods tolerable. I recommend it."
"Two months and 22 pounds lighter.  I can&#039;t believe how easy it&#039;s been.  And I&#039;m still losing!  I&#039;m diabetic and overweight but not obese.  I have to lose 10 more pounds to reach a medically &quot;normal&quot; weight.  I&#039;ll get there.  And the only drawback is dry mouth.  So I carry a water bottle and pee more often.  It&#039;s an easy trade off for a tinier waist and a (hopefully) longer and healthier life."
"After a car accident where I suffered a head injury I had horrible insomnia worsened by pre-existing fibromyalgia. Nothing over the counter was working at all to help me sleep. My doctor put me on this. When it works, it&#039;s awesome. I cannot have any food on my stomach if I want this to work, though. I don&#039;t take it until I&#039;ve washed my face, brushed my teeth &amp; am actually in bed for the night. That&#039;s the trick! I hate that the FDA cut dosage by half for women- the lower dose doesn&#039;t work for me because I&#039;m big/tall. Weight makes a difference in this meds case. Not everyone sleep-drives or sleepwalks on this."
"The stress from my job causes me to question my decisions and while I am usually right 99% of the time, I still have self-confidence issues that result in panic attacks.  These attacks cloud my thought process and at times have resulted in some pretty stressful presentations.  Therapy, 0.25 mg of Xanax prior to a key presentations (maybe twice a month) and 100 mg of Zoloft daily for the past 6 months have been amazing! I think more clearly, I am much more articulate, don&#039;t worry about my decisions, and sleep at night.  Very few side effects."
"Been on Celexa for three months. It took a couple weeks to adjust to mild side effects such as heartburn and a general feeling that I&#039;m full or not hungry. However, I no longer have those side effects and I feel great now!  I have social anxiety and for the first time in years I feel happy and more confident in social situations. I feel normal and have nearly no negative thoughts any longer."
"When I had acne, I tried almost every medicine. I was in Boston in my house alone and my friend told me he had acne and he took SMZ-TMP DS. When I tried it, everything worked in a jiffy. So now when someone has acne I just tell them to try SMZ-TMP DS and you will never regret."
"I had my Kyleena inserted today. I read almost all the reviews on this site and feared the worst. My Dr waited to insert until I had my period. Kind of mortifying, but apparently the cervix is easier to open when you have your period.
All in all, it took maybe a minute for the entire process. The pain was bearable. I&#039;d say it was more uncomfortable than painful. I read everyone&#039;s experiences on here expecting it to be awful and before I knew it, the Dr told me &quot;ok the worst is over.&quot; I didn&#039;t realize it was over and it already happened! So far I&#039;ve had some cramping but nothing a heating pad and glass of wine couldn&#039;t fix. If anything changes, I will update this post - but so far so good."
"I&#039;m 21. My starting weight was 165. For my height, which is 5&#039;1, I&#039;m considered obese. I have been taking phentermine since 04/29/2016, which is 4 days. I have already lost 5 pounds!! I eat small portions, I started drinking nothing but water, and I started walking/running 2-3 times a day. I walk/run first thing in the morning after I eat, again when my daughter takes her 3 hour nap, and once later on in the afternoon when it&#039;s cooler outside and I can take my daughter in her stroller. So far I&#039;m beyond excited because I may (or may not) reach my goal weight in only one month, or maybe two months. My goal weight is 125-130."
"This medicine saved my life when I was 17 years old and so agoraphobic, with panic attacks multiple times a day.  This was back in 1969, and within 6 weeks, I began to go out and go to college and do all the things a normal person does.  I used it for many years, though with a lessened dosage.  It seems especially good for anxiety attacks.  While they did not entirely go away, seemed to lessen them to the extent that they were a minor occasional nuisance rather than something that prevented me from living a normal life and leaving the house.  Yes, psychotherapy also helped, but before this medicine, I had been in therapy for three years and the anxiety/panic only got worse.  Of course, this is just one person&#039;s experience."
"I was started on  this medication in the hosptial to help convert Atrial Fibillation to a normal rhythm  using electric shock. The electrical cardioversion was successful. Upon  discharge I now take 1000mg per day without ill effects except the cost, which is about $250.00 per month at this dose."
"I&#039;ve been on Beyaz since September 2013 after switching from the Depo Shot. I love the pill, however, I get really bad cramps when my period comes. Not sure if it&#039;s because my body is still adjusting to being off the shot or what."
"This is my 4th time time taking this pill, Have not got pregnant yet. My husband usually buys it 3-5 hours after having sex. I did not get my regular period.... But I did  get brown spotting a week or two later.  2-4 weeks later my regular period came on. $60 might seem like a lot but it beats paying for a million dollar baby :) it&#039;s worth the money"
"Had experienced increasing blood pressure,  which my physician and I thought was related to my anxiety disorder.  After adding lisinopril 20 mg, nonheadaches,  reductions in anxiety, and decreased flushing.  My quality of life is so much better.  If your readings are over 140/90 ask your physician about this lifesaver medication.   It also has kidney protective properties."
"I am 33 and and using Retin A. I have found the product to work wonders while using antibiotics as well. The cell turn over rate is so much faster and heals the acne like nothing I have seen. There is some dryness in areas, but overall has been my magic in a tube. LOVE IT!"
"I was taking regular Trazodone on and off for a couple of years, it stopped working so my doctor switched me to Desyrel. It&#039;s a good pill for the fact that it does make you tired, but I&#039;d make sure you&#039;re gonna get 8 or more hours of sleep before you take it. I was prescribed 100mg pills, and I only took half of a pill whenever I took it, and I had the hardest time waking up the next day. Also, with the reg Trazodone and with Desyrel, it took a long time for it to kick in for me (2  hours), but that might be because I have a high tolerance to pills. If you&#039;re new to this medicine, take it on the weekend, or whenever you can sleep in, so you can see how it works."
"I&#039;ve had cronic migraines since I was 14 and I was put on topamax at 16 at 50mg  I&#039;ve been on it for 4 years now and its worked great for me until recently when I delt with the loss of my father and started experiencing light head aches so my doctor upped me to 100mg, 50mg in the morning and 50mg at night and I haven&#039;t gotten a migraine since. Its also helped me as a mood stabilizer too, I would recommend this medication if over the counter drugs aren&#039;t working for your migraines it really does wonders"
"My brother had a tumor 15 yrs ago removed after having a seizure. Takes 1000mg keppra a day. He has mood swings, diarrea if he does eat b4 so, and delusional. Still effective.

I started having anxiety attacks n seizures at 24yrs of age. Neurologist perscribed me keppra 500mg daily and 2mg xanax a day when needed, usually I break xanax into pieces as u can because they have little bars to do so. I don&#039;t have any side effects besides feeling sleepy at the end of the day. I don&#039;t take xanax til after work at the end of the day as xanax does makes me sleepy. Keppra deserves 10 for me. But my brother rates it 7. Every one is different. I know this is for keppra but XANAX is not for anyone a lot of people can&#039;t handle the drug and can&#039;t control themselves let doc determine."
"I&#039;m just finishing my first month and overall birth control has been great for me. I have a higher sex drive and not pregnant. My cramps have nearly disappeared and my bleeding is no where near as heavy. I have noticed I&#039;ve been a bit more depressed than usual and I cry a bit more (not always sad tears) but small things I used to just brush off make me cry like jokes and pictures of dogs. I&#039;m hoping these side effects go away over time because overall this pill is working for me and it is only the first month but the pros definitely outweigh the cons on this pill."
"its been 11 days since i started triumeq.....word of advice:..u MUST eat &amp; eat well with this med(3 square meals...) &amp; drink PLENTY of water!!!"
"My 11.5yr old is on 20mg of amitriptyline at bedtime for peripheral neuropathic pain in the ball of her foot.  We started on 10mg and had no effect after 1month on sleep or pain levels.  20mg has reduced pain by 15% and increased her sleep. (only waking once a night instead of 3 times).  Pain levels are still at 6.5/10 on her scale (we she has a high pain threshold as she has broken her wrist a couple of times).  She is a well build 11yrs old and not experiencing any side effects.  Our consultants are anti-medication so not keen on her taking any dose. Does anyone have any guidance on dose rate - From what I have read, we could easily up her to 25/30mg and see whether this has any further effect....clearly the 20mg is doing something?"
"My 4th C-Scope. First time with Suprep. Suprep was the best prep. Okay it doesn&#039;t taste good, but it is less offensive than the other preps. Tastes like watered down cough medicine. I mixed with it very cold water and sipped it through a straw.  The worst part was drinking another 32 oz of water over the next hour and feeling like my stomach was going to explode. After one hour things started moving, and I felt better.  I was still squirting six hours later, so don&#039;t fudge on the time line. Also, apply Preparation H after each movement, and you won&#039;t get the redness."
"First day using woke up in the morning and it&#039;s still very itchy? Normal?"
"I thought this was the perfect solution for not having to drink a gallon of awful colon cleansing drink. Boy was I wrong. I ended up vomiting and not being able to finish the last six pills. I had to use 2 Fleets to finish cleaning it in the morning. It&#039;s 2 weeks after my procedure and I&#039;m still having diarrhea and cramping. Next time, I&#039;m power through the gallon of prep!"
"I am on week 3 of Qsymia and feeling great.  I am not experiencing any negative side effects, I have lost 10 lbs.  I started at 197 and I am now at 187.  I am exercising 3 to 4 times per week and keeping my caloric intake around 1200-1400 per day.  I love the fact that I feel full and satisfied with my diet.  I used to get home from work and have a strong urge to eat and I no longer have that midday feeling.  It has definitely helped me control my appetite.  I will agree that diet soda has lost its taste, but I have just replaced it with water."
"Why would you prescribe someone with acne this medication to clear it up if it only makes it so much worse? I had a few pimples and black heads and now I&#039;m covered in all sorts of acne including cystic and white heads all over my face. I&#039;ve cried a lot and have been so embarrassed and I&#039;m just now realizing from these reviews that it&#039;s a trend to have horrible acne from taking these pills. No idea what I should do about it now except to spread the news to people that are thinking about taking this pill to not waste your time   I and apparently so many others have suffered."
"I&#039;ve been on this antibiotic clindamycin going on 3 days for cellulitis and has not noticed a change yet. I&#039;m still in excruciating pain, the swelling has not gone down. I&#039;m ready to go back to the Dr for something more effective."
"I do not recommend this mediacation at all. Totally overpriced rubbish. Made me feel nauseous straight after taking them to the extent I vomited."
"My doctor is giving me this to try and get my period under control. I&#039;m 23 and since I was 16 my periods have been very irregular. I have a period once every 5 or 6 months. This is my second time taking this medicine. The first time was in December 2011 (6 months ago) and I started my period on the 10th day. I bled for 5 days, it started out light then became EXTREMELY heavy, I was going through 6 or 7 tampons a day.

After that, I had one more period that lasted only one day and was very light. So the doctor told me to try this again. Today is day 9 and have been extremely nauseous since about day 4. No period yet, but there is some excess discharge."
"I am 18 years old, I just found out I had rheumatoid arthritis and I have been on Humira for 3 months. I have flare ups every once in a while but I do have to take methedrol along with it. it&#039;s a strong medicine and it messed up my stomach and gives me heartburn also. 


I guess for me Humira will take the 6 months it will to take effect and till then this winter will be the worst for me. 

keeping a positive outlook on this knowing I&#039;m not the only one."
"I have L5/S1 disk herniation and this medication had saved my life,  I can walk and stand for long periods of time again thanks to this medication.   This had been a life saver.  I use the Co pay card from the Lyrica Web site."
"I have been taking Topamax now for ten years.  I love it.  It has controlled my seizures and the side effects are minimal. I still get tired but not as bad as the other drugs I have been on."
"I usually take this antibiotic because I am allergic to everything else and am afraid to take Cipro. It clears my uti and kidney infection everytime. I must say the side effects are worth the relief. What I experienced as side effects are, painful tongue almost instantly, joint pain toward the end, and loss of appetite. I did notice if you drink enough water with this antibiotic it makes all these symptoms less noticeable. The last time my tongue pain I could hardly feel it, joint pain was there but bearable, loss of appetite well I saw that as a bonus. Make sure to drink lots of water and I mean lots. Also make sure to take a good probiotic so you don&#039;t get a yeast infection afterwards. I ate a lot of yogurt with a probiotic. God bless!"
"I was on revigeon pill before for me it was awful I was moody 24/7. Everything and everyone just annoyed me. My family and boyfriend said I&#039;d changed alot!! After 3 months of this stress I finally told my doctor and he put me on yasmin which was for me amazing. I&#039;ve been on yas for about a month now! I found myself much happier and I felt myself again."
"I tried Edex for the first time last weekend. I was given the 10mcg and it did not do anything. I don&#039;t know who was more disappointed me or my wife. This weekend we will try a 20mcg."
"I&#039;ve been on thyroid medication 49 years, I spent my first 38 on Synthroid and various t4 formulas, I could not stand the up and down of Synthroid, it never was steady. Every time I went to the Dr. It was adjusted, it could not regulate me and most Dr&#039;s. Just played with raising and lowering the mg levels. 
Finally a person I new told me I should see her Dr. I did, and that was the beginning of a beautiful relationship with Armour Thyroid. I&#039;ve never felt better,  my bad symptoms went away, and I feel almost human. It holds me steady for longer periods. sometimes the patient knows best, regardless of what the blood tests say. Armour contains unknown ingredients that can&#039;t be isolated into a synthetic pill form, Armour is natural, and best."
"I was prescribed Bydureon about 4 months ago when my insurance stopped paying for Byetta. I had been on Byetta for 13 years and it was working well for me. I finally stopped taking Bydureon 3 weeks ago. I was sick the entire time. I did not relate it to Bydureon at first. I was aware my blood sugar was 300-400 while taking Bydureon. I then realized it was because I was originally taking Byetta and Bydureon reacts to the Byetta that is left in the system. My blood sugar never came down much while taking Bydureon. I had a headache constantly, stomach ache, diarrhea, upper respiratory infection, sinus drainage, joint pain, leg pain, feet hurt, my stomach felt full or stuffed all the time. And, my blood sugar remained high."
"I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in February 2012.  Plaquenil has been the second medication we&#039;ve tried.  I&#039;ve only taken it 1 week and have a horrible rash on both arms and on the backs of my legs.  It has caused diarrhea and headaches.  I have stopped taking this medication and am currently waiting to see what medication we will try next."
"Forbade was one of the first drugs prescribed for me by the Diamond Headache Clinic in Chicago. It seems to have reduced the frequency and severity of my chronic daily migraines. I&#039;ve been taking it for about 18 years."
"This is the third type of pill I&#039;ve been on and its basically the same as my pervious. I feel as if this gives me more breast tenderness and doesn&#039;t help with my cramping AS much, but hey, it could just be because our bodies grow and change constantly."
"I&#039;m using  doxy, epiduo and differine for 3 months and it has really worked like my skin became brighter and acne has gone except some pimples I  randomly get. After the 3 months I stopped and I didn&#039;t visit my derm again. I wouldn&#039;t say that my face has back to the first situation but I started to get some red pimples . Now I m taking doxy again and m satisfied ! I highly recommend for everyone who suffers from acne"
"I&#039;m on day 2 of taking this pill. First day was terrible. I felt foggy, anxious, my palms were clammy and I was very dizzy. My head felt like a balloon. It passed after I went for a run. Second day was worse. I was violently nauseated, same headache. The smell of certain foods made me sick. I vomited. Today is day 3 and I am seriously contemplating calling my GYN to switch. I don&#039;t want to be difficult and give up so quickly but if I have to feel like this daily I will gladly switch. I can&#039;t even perform my job duties properly because I&#039;m constantly going to the bathroom. This pill is horrible."
"I have major depression and post traumatic stress disorder. This medication helps motivate me and it gives a slight boost for my moods I tend to smile more now but still get depressed now and then. It has very little side effects best thing is no sexual side effects! It also helps my anxiety but still have a hard time concentrating which my doc says helps but for me it doesn&#039;t it&#039;s just a mood stabilizer to me. I give it a 7 out of 10 because it only helps me slightly. I take 150mg twice a day."
"I have taken Prozac 20 and 40mg quite a few years ago with really positive outcome, but at a point it stopped working so I went to welbutrin.  recently I started to get panic again and my doctor thought adding Prozac into my daily regimen would help because it worked so well in the past.  The side effects were so difficult for 3 weeks.  crying, unable to eat, anxiety every minute, lost about 10 pounds which was a good side effect :).  but they did subside.  It seemed to be working but now some days I am having anxiety again and tremors daily.  Unfortunately it isn&#039;t working this time around and will be switching off it, but I would definitely recommend it for people since it did once work wonderfully for my panic and GAD."
"A wonderful drug! I can sleep at night now. It also stopped my mood swings which were rapid cycling. I feel really good on it! Would highly recommend it!"
"It caused me so much pain from the day it got put in. I had the normal symptoms that were to be expected. My body was trying to expel the IUD. It caused me to go to hospital a lot. I have PCOS because of this brand now. Never get this brand."
"There is a light at the end of tunnel. Have been taking Effexor XR 75 for almost 25 days. Initially felt miserable and had side effects (nausea, stomach upset and increased in anxiety). But today when I woke up I feel myself again, the real me - this drug has been a savior for me. Trust me this is awesome. Give it some time and it will give you your life back. I was really disappointed by taking Citalopram for almost 5 months it didn&#039;t get me feeling any better and even increased my anxiety but this drug is a miracle for me. Those thinking to quit, hang in there give it sometime and you will be back to normal :-)"
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for over a year (100mg tablets) for my SAD and depression. before Zoloft I was engaged in self harm, overly complicated fear, panic attacks, depersonalization, no motivation, and missing school at least once a week from lack of motivation. Now that I&#039;ve been on it, I&#039;ve been less involved in those problems, though I wouldn&#039;t say it&#039;s 100% from the Zoloft, but rather just some life choices, though the Zoloft did still cater into those choices. I&#039;m still depressed and have anxiety, but I have improved since I started taking it, and I thank it for helping me. I would say that my panic attacks and motivation have improved and I&#039;m having less problems, I can finally say I&#039;m even just a little happy with life again."
"Very good"
"I am 44 years old.  Two years ago, I had cancer and after the chemo, my periods started getting really irregular.  Then, about a year after I finished the chemo, the horrible hot flashes started.  My doctor did some blood tests and explained that my body was going into an early menopause.  We discussed my options and I told her I wanted a birth control pill rather than a hormone patch.  She put me on a few different birth control pills to help with the pre-menopausal symptoms and the Generess Fe seems to work the best.  No hot flashes at all!  I was literally crawling into the freezer every hour before this pill, and now I am fine.  My skin is better too.  I&#039;m not breaking out as much anymore."
"Okay. When I first started Nexplanon, it was great. No periods and still no periods, except DARK black spotting. Okay, no main stream period problems, but my weight is the problem. I got Nexplanon after I gave birth, I had to wait 8 weeks because I bled for a extra 2 weeks. So within the time (I got Nexplanon in December 2014) I gained no weight and maintained my weight. As soon as I got Nexplanon my weight increased and I never had weight problems. I was a thin 125 and now I&#039;m 157. Within months, ny eating happens have not changed. I&#039;m not a sweets eater, I&#039;ve started exercising and STILL no weight loss. Im 5&#039;2 so I am now over weight for my height. I loved Nexplanon no periods, but the weight gain. Is a no go for me."
"I beg you ladies that are wondering if they should give this a try to do their research. I&#039;m 24 and have never been on birth control until this year. I asked my doctor for his recommendation and he said depo provera is very effective. I got one shot - which lasts 90 days. At first it was great, as someone who had bad cramping and heavy periods, it was amazing to not feel pain nor experience heavy bleeding. After about 30 days that all changed. I started spotting every single day. Every single day! You need a lot of liners/pads/tampons. It has now been over 100 days &amp; the spotting has not stopped. Some days are much heavier than others. The drug has worn off but the effects continue. I obviously never went back for another shot. Don&#039;t do it!"
"I love balziva. I was on it for about 8 years before my pharmacy switched it and had serious side effects with the new birth control. Went back to balziva. I have very little if not no weight gain with this pill, no mouth ulcers like my last pill did, mild PMS, and no cramps. Works great, but once again everybody is different"
"Good all round pain reliever, some break out pain, cured by occasional Tylenol 3"
"This medicine was prescribed to me as an add on with Zoloft. It did help my depression and anxiety... unfortunately I went from 118-122 lbs to 167 lbs.... and I didn&#039;t even weigh myself at my heaviest. I thought my thyroid was crapping out on me so I got that tested and it came back fine and then my Dr. was like.... one of the side effects of Abilify is weight gain. One of my friends who took it also gained a lot of weight as well... not to say if affects everyone this way but if you started taking it and are gaining weight like crazy with no end in site please talk to your doctor."
"I&#039;m a 31yr old female, 5&#039;4, 115lbs. I was 1st prescribed adderall in 2012, so I&#039;ve taken it about 3 1/2 yrs. within that time there&#039;s ben a few situations that forced me 2 go with out meds for a week or more, which reminded me how much it helps! Without it I could sleep 18hrs for days &amp; still be wanting 2 sleep an hr or so after getting up! I can sleep while taking it, but don&#039;t have the strong compulsion to. The first day taking it I&#039;ve learned 2 only take half bc if not it feels like I&#039;m on cocaine, even after just a week of not having it. But the 2nd day &amp; thereafter is fine.I  never experiencd any &quot;comedown&quot; like some ppl. The only negative is without it I get agitated easily &amp; get on my own nerves when it comes 2 lack of concentration, forgetfulness,n sleeping 2 much."
"I got a terrible rash from being exposed to poison ivy.  It was all over.  The prednisone was a terrifically fast cure.  However, I experienced terrible side effects: increased sweating, shakiness, mood swings (my poor boyfriend) and weight gain.  "
"I was prescribed this medicine for my bipolar disorder.  It helped me a lot. I felt great and my relationship with my family improved. After 3 weeks though, I had a severe allergic reation to the Wellbutrin (bupropion) and had to go to the ER twice in a week.  I had hives, swollen eyes and lips, trouble breathing, sore joints.  As soon as I was taken off of it, my symptoms went away.  It is not common for this to happen and I do recommend it."
"started Saxenda mid June and lost 25 lbs in 2 months, and now down another 6 lbs in the last 2 weeks, main side effect for me is the nausea, still have it, was sick twice, but I can handle the nausea as I am so happy to be losing weight, I have tried many things in the past, and this is by far the best, completely cuts my appetite, I don&#039;t even eat half of what I used to, and no desire for junk food.
Luckily my insurance covers 80%. I feel better than I have in a long time.
Also, started walking every night. Total weight loss since June 11, 31 lbs."
"Great ..years of use."
"Dried my skin out and almost burnt it a bit , it hurt so bad and the only thing I could put on to relieve it was cold water. I think it must work for some but doesn&#039;t on people with sensitive skin !"
"I used this as my son had conjunctivitis and after one day the redness and swelling went down. Good eye drops, would definitely recommended to all."
"I have lost a total of 62 lbs &amp; still counting 
I have been using saxenda for 8 months 
I work out daily to keep my body toned with muscle
The side effects in the beginning were horrible which included vomiting nausea constipation &amp; no energy
After I reached the highest dose it all went away 
I feel great &amp; I&#039;m enjoying my results
Hang in there it gets better!"
"I took Otezla as an alternative to Enbrel for 6 weeks.The itching turned out to be the least of my worries.Ideveloped migraine headaches, blurred vision, severe depression and upset stomach. I stopped taking it when I couldn&#039;t even get out of bed and saw a psychiatrist.He told me to stop the medication immediately and gave me medication that would eventually counteract the side effects.  This took approx 6 weeks.In the meantime I went to see an eye dtr due to the clouds in peripheral vision and blurriness.Turns out, although my last visit to him was in Nov (only five months earlier), my eyesight was completely different.  I now need to wear reading glasses&amp; a separate pair for watching tv, driving, distance.If anyone has exper. pls reply."
"I have struggled with stomach issues my entire life. I started viberzi 3 weeks ago and it has been great. I do have some side effects though. Constipation  and gas lead to some abdominal cramps, but nothing like before. I experience a muscle &quot;soreness/achiness&quot; in the back of my neck and arms about 30 minute after I take each dose, but it only lasts a short while. Nothing that is really bothersome. Viberzi has given me a life I never had. I can leave my house and travel without any nervousness over being sick and I also have been able to be more productive at work. I am so excited to have found something to help me live a normal life."
"I am on day 3 of Saxenda. I am doing the sample while waiting to find out if it is covered by insurance. 

I&#039;ve had no side effects and a mild reduction in hunger. Not sure if i will get better results once I up my dose. Was hoping for a miracle but so far not amazing...."
"I was prescribed this medication for food poisoning. Effectively reduces nausea. I experienced no vomiting on this pill. Did experience mild headaches and slight drowsiness."
"When I started taking this Rx, I found it much more reliable than my previous chronic pain med, fentanyl patches, which did not evenly alleviate the pain over the 3 days each patch was supposed to be worn. The patches would work well over the 1st 2 days, give or take, but their effectiveness was noticeably weaker on the 3rd day. Unlike my experience with oxycontin, the pain relief from this Rx generally lasts pretty close to the 12 hours it is supposed to, in time for the next dose. I believe the naltrexone inhibits the marked euphoria as felt on the first day of a fresh fentanyl patch or when taking a short acting opioid like vicodin or percocet."
"I take it with a banana so I can&#039;t taste it, no effects except for headaches."
"I have been taking Prilosec for several years and I take one with water every morning about 30 minutes before I get up and it has totally eliminated any burning in my chest/esophagus. Also, I learned not to eat any Mexican or spicy food within 3 -4 hours before going to bed."
"Effexor might have saved my life because at the time I was given it I had damn near given up hope.  Paxil and Zoloft did nothing. Depakote attacked my liver. Lexapro made me numb. Then Effexor was given to me. 2 weeks after taking it I felt better. 4 weeks later, I was back doing things again. Within a year I had all my interests and hobbies back. 

Cons:

1.  Withdrawal is terrible. When I miss a dose I feel it. Neck pain. Headache. 
2. I&#039;ve found that I had to increase the dose after two years of usage 75 mg 3x times a day holds me.
3. Not really a con, but when more stress then usual I relapse for a few days with depression but it goes back to normal if you increase dose for awhile."
"My mom started on radiation and chemo, traditional chemo did not work because the cancer had spread to her bone marrow. Her doctor started her on Opdivo and she went down hill from there. She had pneumonia and joint pain, diarrhea etc, the side effects were
worst then the cancer. I would not recommend this drug to anyone, taking this drug was a HUGE set back for my mom, she passed away yesterday 11/21/16. Please do your homework before taking it."
"I had some extremely unpleasant side effects (skin peeling, decreased night vision, increased sensitivity to light, in-grown toenails that required numerous painful surgeries, etc), but it was worth it. This medication is absolutely amazing. The only downside is that some of the side-effects appear to be permanent."
"Taking it out in a few days! I&#039;ve gained over 20 lbs with it in. I just eat and eat and don&#039;t get full. Don&#039;t feel like having sex and just feel like blah. When everyone else has lost weight because of breastfeeding I&#039;ve just been gaining. I&#039;ll go back to the nuvaring. Even though I got pregnant while on it. (Another story). I&#039;ve been working out. Guess I can do more but I&#039;ve never weighed this much in my life."
"The first round of this was hell. I tried to mix it with ginger-ale instead of water because the taste was SO horrific and that honestly just made it worse. Tried to eat Jolley-ranchers in between drinks to counteract it, tried everything. Honestly, mix it with COLD water. COLD water is your friend, and just get it down. Drink cold water in between drinks--helps with the after taste."
"Wow, worked in two hours, after all (and I do mean *all*) else failed.  Hugely expensive, though, hoping Forest labs considers some kind of discount program."
"ONE DAY OR DAY ONE: you decide. Yesterday I decided to get Chantix rx from doctor and started the pills. ONLY eleven years smoking, I&#039;m not even thirty and feel like shiz, I can&#039;t imagine how horrible I&#039;ll feel in 11 more--if I&#039;m still alive. Smoked the last cig in my pack a while ago, official quit day is Feb 13th--one month after my smoking co-worker (over 20 years, pack+/day) quit cold turkey. This is my Day One."
"I&#039;ve been a smoker for well over 30 years.  I&#039;m 52 years old.  I really love tobacco products - cigars and chew as well as the swisher sweets I had been smoking for the past few years.

This is a miracle,  For me and many others.  For the rest, it clearly has pretty bad side effects.  I was prepared to go through the side effects to get off the smokes, though.

I followed the directions.  Smoked like normal for a week while taking the prescribed dose.  My desire to smoke diminished and they stopped tasting so good. 

I quit after day 7.  I did not go through the withdrawal symptoms I expected.  There were a few times I wanted a smoke, but turned my attention to something else and the feeling passed.  I stopped taking the pills day 10."
"Amazing. Using less and getting more than I thought. I was prescribed 5mg &#039;daily&#039; tablets with the advice I could break them in half as 2.5mg daily has also been effective. At $144 for 30 pills this would offset the cost but I am finding an even better sequence as others have indicated.  I found a 5mg pill at noon, Monday works EASILY into the evening of Wednesday. And another from Wednesday evening to Friday... maybe longer.  The stuffy nose ends after a couple hours so noon is great time to be over the side effects.  Good balance between a daily low dose and a high dose intended to be ready asap.  Only problem is now that I can at any time. I think I want to all the time!"
"My daughter has inattentive ADHD."
"I have nothing bad to say! This is my first time taking any birth control so maybe I&#039;m a little biased. I was very hesitant to take any birth control due to the known side effects that come along with most oral contraceptives. However, after two separate ruptured ovarian cysts, my OBGYN said birth control is really the only way to prevent it in the future. I&#039;ve been taking it a little over 6 months now - no weight gain, no acne, no mood changes, no loss of libido, AND my periods are so light now, mostly spotting, no cramps and a shorter duration! I definitely recommend this!"
"I was using a smaller dose of birth control before Reclipsen and started to spot after two months. I switched to Reclipsen and it has regulated my periods very well (even up to the right hour each time). I have been using it for 6 months now. I am mostly responsible with taking the pill everyday on time. I noticed some weight gain but could also be due to other factors. My weight has been consistent after the initial weight gain (no new diets or different exercises). In the beginning, I noticed episodes of mood swings, but have been managing them pretty well."
"It&#039;s the best for back pain...absolutely the best!"
"Worst medication ever! I took a small dose of 50 mg at bedtime and it gave me the WORST sugar cravings and made me eat uncontrollably!! I took seroquel for 9 months and gained 40 pounds. Do not take this medication it destroyed my health!"
"I have severe fibromyalgia along with other undiagnosed conditions that cause me severe pain.  Gabapentin helps me make it through the day, I take 600mg 3x daily.  I also take Moxi for the inflamation and tylenol for the additional pain.  Acai berry supplement also gives me an additional boost of energy.  I do notice slurred speech and thoughts are jumbled within a half hour of taking the dosage, but this is only a slight inconvenience."
"Second time trying Chantix. I don&#039;t think I was ready to quit the first time.  I was a can a day chewing tobacco user. I&#039;m on my 6th week and stopped chewing in week 2 switching over to nicotine gum. I feel I need to go 3 days with no nicotine to allow it to clear my system before ramping down on Chantix.  I haven&#039;t been able to get to 3 days even though I only have 1-2 pieces of nicotine gum.
Overall high rating, it works, you do feel terrible on it at the beginning. I couldn&#039;t taste anything except sweet, no bad dreams but woke up laughing out loud several times, so vivid dreams would be the best description. 
I can&#039;t wait to be done with Chantix, but I no longer use tobacco."
"Honestly- I tried seriously every single OTC and prescription acne product there was to try. Both before and after I had a baby. I&rsquo;m 24 and this is THE wonder drug. I&rsquo;ve been taking spirinolactone for 7 months and I&rsquo;m almost positive I never want to stop. I can tell you I had the worst cystic acne there ever was, every other day I had a new one and this went on for months where I wouldn&rsquo;t even leave the house unless it was to get it injected- I&rsquo;m also an avid picker and had terribly low self esteem . Anywho- if you&rsquo;re able to take this medication&mdash; I would try because it might be the wonder drug for you too."
"I am trek leader. I am 100% confident to use Dimox to prevent the Altitude illness. This drugs makes my job easier. Thank you."
"I have PCOS diabetes and tons of pain in my body every day. Victoza, since I have been put on it a week ago I have lost 18 pounds, my appetite  has been suppressed drastically no other side effects except for feeling great that I&#039;m finally losing weight after over 5 to 6 diet tries for years this is the only thing that has help me so far I&#039;m so thankful for this medication for the doctor allowing me to try it out!!"
"IM injections of Reglan helped to relieve my nausea and vomiting that resulted from serious side adverse effects from an antibiotic."
"I started taking Arava in Sep. 2012. Two months ago I noticed my hair was falling out in the shower, and now in December my hair is so thin you can see my scalp. I also have to blow my nose ay least twenty times a day. And now I am getting sores in my mouth. I am not sure if I want to stay on it."
"I have dealt with back pain for the last 15  years.  I have tried all of the traditional pain medications. Each one of them had their limited success, as well as their own side effects. Methadone is the only medication that has given me complete relief with only the occasional breakthrough or flare up. The best part is I can function with a clear head and no high. This has to be one of the best solutions to date for my pain. I would highly recommend long time suffers of Neuropathy as well as chronic back pain discuss methadone as a possible treatment with their care provider."
"This medication has saved my life. I have mental clarity for the first time in years and all of the &quot;aches and pains&quot; have gone away. Occasional user of percocet and vicodin as a teenager, not addicted until prescribed by a physician.  I have irritable bowel syndrome and it seemed to cure my problems, along with keeping me high (and broke).  I would recommend this medication to anyone who is tired of chasing that high. It works, but you have to be ready to give up the high.  The first few days were horrible for me, but it definitely gets better!"
"I got my shot in the middle of October and I don&#039;t like it. I&#039;m not pregnant but that may be because my sex drive is completely nonexistent. I can&#039;t lose much weight even though I am breastfeeding and following Weight Watchers. I have random bleeding and my vagina is incredibly dry. Not renewing my shot next month."
"Was told to quit smoking after having a stroke on 7/28/07. I really had no desire to quit smoking but took the Chantix as prescribed. Smoked my last cigarette on10/29/07. Still have no desire to smoke. Only adverse side effect was the drug caused milk to taste terrible."
"I am a teenager and I wanted a birth control that didn&#039;t cause weight gain, a daily reminding of taking a pill, no mood swings or acne. I thought Implanon would suit me and I&#039;ve had it in my arm for 5 months now, and I&#039;m starting to understand and see the side effects. I never had acne, now I have it on my back and face. It&#039;s not mild. It&#039;s severe on back, to wear it&#039;s embarrassing. I am experiencing abnormal sadness. I am more aggressive towards my family and friends. My sex drive isn&#039;t as high as it used to be, which I guess isn&#039;t a bad thing for my age. My mood swings are terrible and its affecting my life."
"I&#039;m very disappointed, my dermatologist prescribed Triluma. After the first tube which was I got from the dermatologist, the brown spot became darker. I went back to the dermatologist and he said that I should continue using the product. I bought the second tube and the spots fade away very slightly, but as soon as I stop using it  the spot just reappear. I pay 150 dollar for each bottle."
"I started these pills because of a very irregular period, and once I started all my periods became regular and shorter.  This pill cleared up my acne, as well.  The second month taking it however I would feel nauseous, but it went away, and it also weirdly increased my sex drive.  I did gain a little bit of weight in my stomach and my boobs grew 2 cup sizes larger. Overall this pill works for me and helped with my period and I would recommend it, although it works differently for everyone."
"I started out with the lower dose it did not work so I was put up to the highest dose  it still does not seem to work what do I do"
"I recently switched my birth control from estrogen to the Mini pill which contains no estrogen but hormone progestin or &quot;POPs&quot;. My doc said it was because of my age and smoking. I&#039;ll be 35 on may by the way. Within 2 weekes of taking these POPs I started experiencing complete numbness in my arms,hand and lower down there it was horrible. I couldn&#039;t sleep for about four days and not sure about my insurance I didn&#039;t go to Any urgent care or anyplace. So I stopped the pill and I feel fine. I&#039;m just wondering if there is anyone else out there that had any kind of experience like mine if so I would love to hear about it
Thank you
Kbeth"
"Horrible side effects! I tried Ciprelex (escitalopram), but made me so tried all the time. My doc switched me to Pristiq (desvenlafaxine), I had 0 side effects, but I couldn&#039;t afford the $105 price each month without a generic brand or drug plan. Doc switched me to Effexor claiming it was &quot;very similar to Pristiq, and available in a generic&quot; however I had the WORST insomnia at night. Trouble falling and staying asleep at night- would wake up every hour with mind racing. Dry mouth throughout the day no matter how much water I drank. Also, very fidgety feet and legs while sitting or laying in bed. I was exhausted all day everyday, yet continued waking up several times throughout the night. Went back to my doc, and switched back to Pristiq."
"Does nothing may as well take sugar pills"
"I am feeling so frustrated. I have developed a tolerance to Seroquel, and nothing else works for sleep. "
"Although reading the possible side effects can be scary, this medicine gave me my life back. I had a little hair loss, at doses above 1000mg, but it&#039;s been great in stabilizing my mood swings. If I go off of it, I have an episode within a month. I had no weight gain (actually lost weight I had gained from taking Seroquel previously). I take it with Wellbutrin SR and a little Abilify.  But the Depakote is by far the most effective. I&#039;ve been on it for over 3 years."
"I am a 20 year old female, one of the youngest patients my doctor has ever treated! Thankfully being pregnant helped me detect it! I&#039;m on my 3rd week of treatment with Zepatier. The first 2 weeks have been fine with a few headaches here and there but now I&#039;m in the 3rd week I&#039;ve become really ill. I&#039;m not 100% sure it&#039;s from the medication but I can&#039;t think of anything else it could be and nobody else is ill. I have a really sore throats and dry mouth, my joints hurt and I just have no energy! Luckily I&#039;ve not been sick but I&#039;m on day 2 of this illness so it could go anywhere! I&#039;m going to speak to my doctor on Monday if I&#039;m no better and keep you updated but I will keep on my medication so I can fight this!"
"Been on Viibryd for several months, have tried other medications in past but sexual side effects were too bad. When I started Viibryd I had been depressed for several months, found myself more withdrawn, low energy, unsocial, and unmotivated. Since then I have felt like a new person only side effect was stomach issues during the first week. I now have lots of energy, very social, and motivated. I would recommend this to anyone considering an antidepressant and wants to avoid the sexual side effects. In my opinion A   . "
"Honestly wish my M.D. or P.M. doctor had prescribed fiorinal or fioricet with codeine phosphate 3. I was taking that version for years last rx call in was only for fioricet."
"I used Nicoderm patch and it helped a lot, I smoked and use hookah pens for over 10 years and wanted to quit because of my health. I was smoke free for 1 year, then I had a major emotional break down and went back to smoking. Now I&#039;m on the patch again and its been a week and I&#039; have no cravings for cigarettes or hookahs, unless I&#039;m driving or after eating but it quickly passes over. I most definitely will recommend the patches!!!"
"Do not take an overdose on this medication. Even just a few puffs left me shaking vigorously feeling dizzy and heavily belching., Not only that but caused me to pass out. Furthermore, weeks later, you are still not right and you will be more sensitive to light."
"Generess Fe is my very first birth control, and I&#039;m in the middle of my second pack. I can say it&#039;s a good medication. Although the side effects are pretty noticeable. I get extremely sensitive, sad, big cry baby for stupid reasons. Breast tenderness,  a lot of spotting on the 1st month. I was feeling a little more thick lately, I asked my boyfriend and he said I had gained a little bit of weight. And looking back I have been eating a lot of junk so it increases your appetite. Your period becomes light. My first period lasted 3 days. And before the birth control I had a crazy heavy period. So it might feel scary if you used to have a crazy period and suddenly really light, but you&#039;re fine. That&#039;s how it works. And I&#039;m baby free!"
"I had unprotected sex, very nervous and unsure, I went to the chemist to get the Plan B pill. I was very very nervous to take it since I have never even taken a birth control pill in my life! I took it 12 hours after the unprotected sex. A few hours after I had a few cramps that lasted maybe 20 minutes then went away. I had absolutely no other side effects. I was very nervous about getting my period because I wondered whether it would be on time or late. I just got my period on the exact day I was supposed to. I hope to never use this pill again but I am thankful it was there."
"40 YO Female just passed a 6mm stone that caused 3 weeks of renal colic followed by 2 months of being stuck in my bladder. CT showed it just outside my urethera. Urologist said surgery. I asked Google. This is where I came across info that indicated flomax could help though not FDA approved for use in women. I figured if the stone had already made it thru the kidney and ureter to the bladder it was certainly possible for it to travel just an inch further. So asked the Dr if I could try flomax before rushing into surgery and she agreed it couldn&#039;t hurt. Well it did hurt but only briefly in comparison to the entire episode. 2 pills (2 nights) and my 6 mm stone just kinda fell out. Long 3 month story short, I &lt;3 Flowmax!"
"I started taking birth control for acne a month ago and felt as if my anxiety had only gotten worse. After talking to my doctor she recommended I try a low dose of Zoloft. I&#039;ve been on the medication for a week and have had 2 panic attacks. One yesterday as my plane was taking off. The most embarrassing experience ever! The flight attendants had to get me a bag to throw up in and had ice over the back of my neck. Today I am feeling exhausted and with down. I have read there are serious side effects within the first 2 weeks of taking this medication so I&#039;m hoping I start to feel better. I am def. cutting out any coffee, energy drinks or alcohol."
"I&#039;ve been on trazadone for 8 years now. I love it because it is an excellent sleep aid that&#039;s not a narcotic plus it is an anti-depressant. Trazadone is a lifesaver. I was a full blown insomniac on Xanax for sleep. But I got tired of the side effects, like waking up 17 hours later still out of it an feeling depressed from it an hung over. Then I found out it&#039;s a depressant on your system. Not an anti depressant like I needed. So my Dr changed me to trazadone an my life has been better ever since. I&#039;m on 100mg at night an I sleep like a normal person should. Thank God for trazadone, I would be suffering with depression an insomnia with out it. I&#039;m grateful for it. An I strongly recommend it. best of luck!!!"
"I&#039;ve had delayed sleep phase syndrome, mood disorder and ADHD all my life, due to brain injury at birth and a family pattern of delayed sleep phase syndrome. I managed a successful professional career but with great difficulty and with struggles with different medications. I way overused caffeine, with mixed results and side effects.  Provigil has been wonderful and I wish it had been available when I was a child and in school and working. I feel normal and alert and not constantly fighting sleepiness, inattention and depression. I can&#039;t help wondering how much better I might have done with this medicine. It is helping me with my second career as an artist.  "
"I wish I could take it back. Terrible experience. I had horrible muscle aches where the shot went in for 5 months. I felt bloated all the time. I bled every single day, EVERY DAY. It was dark red blood. I only did the shot once. Six months later I &quot;sort of&quot; got my period back. I am still waiting for a normal cycle, I will wake up and not know how much I will bleed for the day. I got very emotional when I didn&#039;t go back in to get the second shot. Really screws with your hormones. It does what it is supposed to do but the side effects are not worth it to me. Never ever again. Stay away."
"I had this put in my arm in March of 2014. I have always had a problem with the spotting. It is so much more annoying and very inconvenient at times. I have the worst possible mood swings, I am so angry to my boyfriend and I feel awful because then 2 minutes later I will be loving again. so its very confusing to him, and me as well. I&#039;m sick of the mood swings, and the weight I&#039;ve gained with it, I used to have such a flat skinny tummy and now I don&#039;t anymore. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone, yes it prevents pregnancy but going through an emotional roller coaster and not knowing when your going to be done really sucks and is not worth the pain."
"I was prescribed to take two pills a day for 7 days. I&#039;ve had an awful pressure headache the entire time. Also, on day two, I felt super nauseous and threw up multiple times. The odor was gone day two which was GREAT but if I would have known the side effects, I would have opted for another treatment option."
"Nuvigil was not for me. I felt very drugged and groggy.  Dry mouth and eyes. I also found myself staring into space a lot and my skin was tingly. I felt way more tired than I did before I took Nuvigil. I didn&#039;t dare drive while taking this medication. I switched back to Concerta at a higher dose than I was taking before and it is working very well for me.  I feel completely normal."
"Amazing how quickly my knee pain disappeared.  I have mild osteo and have had pain for the last 6 months.  I just had my third shot 5 days ago. Some days I still do wake up with ache in my knee and some nightime ache. For the most part its been great. Hope it lasts.  I have gone back to normal activities ie tennis and eliptical at the gym. "
"Given rapaflow by doc for non bacterial prostatitis. This drug made my love life possible, first night. It has slowly taken all symptoms away except burning with urination over 9 days. Some of the benefits of this are similar to Viagra. The only thing I don&#039;t like is no ejaculations. If it was not for that would not mind staying on this med"
"First, tramadol is NOT an opiate, it may work somehow (no one knows how nor can claim to understand how) with receptors for them in the brain but please stop the completely false statements that this is an opiate-simply not true. 
Ultram was first used for in the 1990s was pain and then it became clear that if was also helpful for people who were not getting relief from anti-depressants (and did big Pharma push out every variation of SSRI uptake inhibitor at great cost to the public and of course with no clue if they would work). 
EXCELLENT alternative to ineffective anti-depressants that big pharma wants to keep pushing.  Again, wrong to even begin to compare it to an opiate, and time for it to be acknowledged as an option for depression."
"I got bit by a catfish on the thumb trying to lip it. I got a terrible infection two days later!! I got admitted into the hospital for two days. I had IV injections every 8 hours 300mg. I got out and exactly one week later it&#039;s back. This medicine is ok but is pretty much like putting Kool aid in your veins"
"My doctor prescribed 10 mg flexeril 3 times per day for a painful and crippling muscle spasm in my lower back. The dosage helped relax my back, but it also relaxed everything else in my body. I had difficulty controlling my extremities, as if they were detached from the rest of my body. Sometimes I didn&#039;t have enough control of my tongue to speak clearly. Sometimes I felt weak and uncoordinated, for example, I had to take my time going up and down stairs. I felt generally sleepy and spaced out most of the time, and felt thirstier than usual. I also needed more sleep than usual, 10  hours. Overall effective for helping my condition, but the side effects were a little frightening."
"I am hyper can&#039;t sleep"
"Lamictal handles most of my symptoms, but I continue to deal with money issues and relationships."
"Awesome, Awesome. Have had it for 2 weeks now. No problems thus far. Actually lost 4 lbs, went from 127 to 123lbs."
"I had the Implanon inserted 6 weeks after the birth of my daughter. It didn&#039;t hurt at all and I hate needles! The first 3 months I got my period regularly then twice in the fourth month, since then I have not had a period! No side effects whatsoever and the best part is! You don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill. I plan on having my second baby when it is removed just before 3 years! Definitely the best method available to women."
"I wanted to switch birth control after taking Aubra. Aubra was a good birth control but taking it for almost 2 years had made me get too emotional and depressed a lot and that made my relationship with my boyfriend go downhill. It did me good though! I just didnt want to lose my boyfriend. So after taking a break from birth control for 3 months, I started gaining weight! I was the heaviest Ive ever been! So, I needed to get back on birth control. Chateal was a bit more than Aubra, I started taking it for about a month and my face started getting eczema. Didnt even lose a pound while exercising and eating healthy like I always do. I wasnt sure what to do anymore. So I quit taking it for good, and after a week off it, my skin cleared up!"
"Just started a couple of weeks ago. The berry flavored version tastes lots better than the doctor&#039;s samples. The medicine itself is great. It doesn&#039;t help with sleep at night but I am much more energetic during the day and I have stopped taking the Risperdal. I take 5mg Saphris in the evening."
"Back again.  As of 8/28/14 my viral load is down to 34. My CD4 is climbing as well.   No side effects anymore at the time."
"I have had severe RLS for 20+ years and it is absolutely a miserable way to live.   Not only is it miserable for the person suffering, it is miserable for any spouse / significant other that you may sleep next to.   11 years ago I was trying to fall asleep, moving and stretching my legs constantly (to no avail, of course) and my husband threw himself in my face screaming &quot;STOP MOVING YOUR LEGS!!!&quot;    That was when I knew I needed to find something that would help -- after trying several different things - all unsuccessful - I tried tramadol.   It has saved my marriage, it has saved my sanity, and because of those 2 things it has most likely saved my life.  For me, tramadol WORKS for RLS."
"I have been on so many meds to find one that helps.  My psychiatrist finally prescribed Aplenzin.  IT WORKS!  My insurance company doesn&#039;t want to pay (obviously, at over $2,000/month).  They insisted I switch to Welbutrin SR.  I became extremly depressed with suicidal thoughts.  My psychiatrist contacted the insurance company and got them to &quot;prior approve&quot; it so I could continue on it.  I had to add Zoloft to it but I can finally live a (mostly) depression free life.  I honestly don&#039;t know where I would be without it."
"I&#039;ve had head pain daily for two decades. I&#039;ve tried hundreds of medications and numerous therapies. Thought I was just settling when I tried oxycodone for the first time but I have come to the conclusion it has made my life bearable and functionible."
"I started my first dose at 37.5 mg today. I have felt 0 change is this normal?"
"Complete Hysterectomy: I was on Premarin started about 6 weeks after hysterectomy because I couldn&#039;t handle the restless leg syndrome and having to move all the time. I was put on 0.625 mg was on it from 2007 until 8 months ago. 5 weeks after doc took me off, my whole body and life went to double hockey sticks!! Anxiety, Severe! OCD crazy uncontrollable, and panic disorder through the roof. I am on Celexa 20mg daily and 1.75 mg broken into 6 doses. It works, but I don&#039;t understand it just doesn&#039;t work the same, I never had such bad OCD, anxiety, or panic like this while on and I want it back! I am gonna go get mamo if it comes back clean I&#039;m going back on premarin! Will my life go back to normal? Will I feel like me again, and want to enjoy life? I have two appointments"
"Been taking it about once per month for about five years. Some months none, some months 2 or 3 pills. Pill probably works 3/4 times. It seems better than using tons of tylenol or ibuprofen which gave no relief and left me nauseous. 
Better treatment would likely be to alleviate a stressors and maybe even avoid sugar, or a cocktail of stress, sugar and fatigue all at once."
"I have had psoriasis since I was 4. Been on everything from biologics to light therapy. Stelara cleared me up but not without a price. I m a very healthy,exercise minded individual. Since being on, my blood sugar is off, I have night sweats, swollen breasts, feet, hands, swollen tonsils, and tiredness. My vitamin d levels are also low. Went of stelara for 6 months and every side effect went away. Flared up and went on it again and all symptoms came back!"
"Medicine appears to be working. On my second day, I have no heartburn.  I am a little concerned about my headache that I have had all day today. I am hoping that this is but a small price to pay, if my esophagus will benefit from this medicine."
"So far so good. After total thyroid removal, had difficulty on just levothyroxine T4. Slept all day, irritated etc. the usual. Enough was enough, emailed my endocrinologist and he tried a different route. Its been a week and I already lost 6 of the 8 lbs I gained over a 7 week period. I have more energy and symptoms are gone. Continued exercise with high protein/ fiber shakes and never felt better. Hopefully it gives us sufferers what we are looking for and need!"
"These reviews are crazyyy! I&rsquo;ve been using these products with no issue in the past and tonight I tried the 3 day and I too am experiencing burning I&rsquo;m only on day 1! :( :( :("
"I am 49 yr old female with a lifetime of insomnia.  I had been taking Ambien for sleep for over a decade for my insomnia, but had been waking up during the night, cooking, cleaning, drawing, etc., so my doctor suggested I try 50 mg Seroquel instead.  I&#039;ve been taking it two weeks now, and I am sleeping and waking alert (YES!) and not semi foggy...you all know that feeling right?  Added benefit is I am less anxious through out the day."
"Took plan b on October 28th after the condom slipped. I took it 3 hour after the accident. I got a period 2 weeks later it started off light but then was normal and lasted the usual amount of days except I didn&#039;t have cramps like usual.. This was on November 12th and I have not had a period since.. I am so worried. I took a pregnancy test on November 28th and it was negative. I was expecting my period on 12th of December but it never came.. I started getting cramps that day like it would come and I have been getting them ever since but nothing.. I&#039;m terrified. I am in no way ready to have a baby. Is this normal?? I don&#039;t really know if it worked for me.. I thought it did but my period this month never showed so now I&#039;m not sure."
"I am a 31 year old female and I tried strattera as my first adhd medication. I have been on an antidepressant for years as well. I liked the way this medication made me feel so much calmer. However, it gave me miserable heart burn, to where I would lose sleep and be so uncomfortable at other times as well. I also felt a little agitated but my anxiety level did go way down on this medication. I also had to take it at night because it made me very sleepy. Upon my doctors advice we decided to change to adderall er."
"I was on Phentermine for almost 2 months, I started out weighing 175 pounds and now I am at 155.50. I started out with bad headaches, numbness of feet, cold feet, tingling legs and no appetite.  I am a 38year old female. I was recently seen at the Dr&#039;s office. I went in for my monthly checkup, I was feeling sick my head was hurting bad and I was short of breath. I complained of my feet being numb and my legs feeling tingly. I was immediately taken off the medication. My heart was beating irregular, they said this was a reaction to the medicine and I was feeling sick because my heart was beating irregular. I was admitted from the dr&#039;s office to the emergency room. I will now be seeing a heart specialist to see if there&#039;s any permanent damage"
"I have been using Epiduo for 10 weeks now along with Solodyn, a slow release antibiotic for adult acne. The results have been pretty good. I do see a big change in my skin. No more big gnarly looking zits on my face. The cream seems to be removing dead skin cells so the gunk that has been deep in my pores can surface. The first week or so of using this cream my face felt so greasy. I just figured it was bringing oils out of the pores. During the first month my skin did burn off and on. It did not burn when I put it on, it would burn later or the following day when I would try to moisturize. The burning did get a little intense but it was totally tolerable. To this day I still have issue putting moisturizer on around my eyes."
"i have Hashimotos  thyroiditis.
United Health care &amp; Medicare says Armour Thyroid is not covered by them. I was on Armour thyroid for 15years.
My insurance made me try other meds.I tried other thyroid meds including Nature Throid. I put on 48 lbs under Nature Throid my body was tired I was dizzy &amp; could not function &amp; had incontinence.

I now am back on Armour thyroid feeling better everyday &amp; decreasing in weight &amp; other symptoms are gone. 

But have to pay for it myself &amp; since I am on Social Security it is a big expense. Thanks Armour thyroid"
"Very effective for pain after my back surgery."
"Just writing this in case it helps another person to know what their &quot;trigger&quot;  was.  I was given a cup of Artichoke Tea for the first time.  Several hours later (during the night)  started scratching shoulders and upper body.   Itching stopped for few hours during the next day and re-occurred later that evening and spread to many other areas of body as I took myself to emergency dept of hospital.  Was given one Prednisolone and two Zyrtec tabs in the very early hours of morning.   Now, six hours later and (after great sleep)  have awoken to no visible hives and no itching at all.    Will get script for Zyrtec later on today just in case it comes back.  But, fingers crossed it will
not do so."
"It takes care of the Restless Legs Syndrome symptoms but also seems to give me insomnia, which kind of defeats the purpose. I can initially go to sleep and get a 3-4 hours but then I&#039;m suddenly wide awake. Requip worked for a while but you have to increase dosage fairly quickly and that causes some bad side effects. I may have to try a 3rd option."
"This is my first time ever in my life being on birth control pills. My 1st week on these things my flow was heavier than I have ever seen it in years.  I have always had my period regularly, but it would switch up once in a blue. My Gyno insisted that I get on them due to my PCOS. I am also unable to get pregnant and was also told it might help. So whenever I am ready to have children to get off the BC. I&#039;m still not sure of how this works to get pregnant. I&#039;ve just always been afraid to take BCPs only because I&#039;ve seen and heard of the damages that have done to some women. Well I hope this plays out well. Will keep you all posted"
"I wasted 50 bucks on this! I had a horrible experience and wished I had read these reviews before I used it. It gave me horrible rebound flushing after one use! This stuff should not be on the market!"
"Had Grade A Breast Cancer that was caught early.  Had a mass and one lymph node removed.  Went on Femara on Nov. 8, 2014, the day after I finished radiation.  At first, I didn&#039;t notice anything.  Slowly the pain in my feet started, then other joints in my body.  I felt like I was having trouble getting air into my lungs.  I started feeling like I was in a fog.  I already had been diagnosed with depression years ago which was under control with medication.  I started experiencing depression a couple of weeks ago which included waking up and crying.  That turned into suicidal depression.  Without pain medication, I couldn&#039;t move around well.  The bottom of my feet were killing me. I work full time. I quit the Femara 2 days ago."
"Helped the dry cough for sure! But I am currently on the can as I write this. The reviews are spot on (Wish I read them before I took up to 3 doses). I&#039;ve traded a horrible cough for uncontrollable bowel movements!"
"Completely cured my yearly depression caused by Seasonal Affective Disorder with minimal side effects.  Previously on Effexor, which helped only partially.  Would recommend for anybody suffering from SAD."
"For GAD I take 10mg once a day in the afternoon currently.  I&#039;ve been on this dose for approx 2 months and the only side effect is bad lightheaded slightly dizzy feeling approx 30 minutes after taking it which lasts for 30min to 1 hour.  I was hoping it would go away after taking it for awhile but the dizziness comes on like clockwork after taking it.  It greatly helps my anxiety in the evening after taking it but my anxiety returns mid morning.  I&#039;m not sure I could take a morning dose because of the side effect of being light headed for awhile.  If I could get past the dizziness this medication causes and get to a 10mg 2x a day I think it would greatly improve my GAD 24x7."
"I took Zoloft (generic) shortly after my anxiety got horribly severe. I took lexapro a few years ago but didn&#039;t like the sexual side effects. Doctor put me on Prozac but that appeared to put me into a deep depression. I had never had depression, just anxiety but I couldn&#039;t get out of bed I was just paralyzed. After a few weeks of that I decided to try Zoloft. Within the first three weeks I felt tremendously better. By 6 weeks I felt totally back to normal and NO sexual side effects! This has been my miracle drug"
"I was diagnosed with type 2 Diabetes  4 years ago, and had several different brands of tablet medication but had side effects in one form or another. Nothing seemed to control my sugar levels. The last 2 years I had been on metformin 500mg tablets morning and night, with 30 mg of diamicron.  My sugar spiralled up to between 13 &amp; 21 and a burning when urinating. Saw my GP and was given treatment for infection but was to no avail. Doctor saw my various tablet combinations I have had over the years, and recommended me trying Bydureon 2mg weekly injection and it has absolutely changed my life. Been taking for 4 months now, no burning urinating, my sugar now stable, 5.2 &amp; 7.1, lost 20kg, more energy, no side affects at all. To me it&#039;s a WONDER drug"
"I lost the father of my kids almost 3 years ago and this medicine has helped me cope with that and my depression and anxiety and panic attacks. It&#039;s a miracle. If used like it is suppose to be used. This is the best medication I have found out there. I take 0.5 mg 4 times a day and it seems to be working great but you do build up a tolerance. "
"This medication gave me my life back. It truly does help with panic attacks."
"This drug is HORRIBLE!!! For the entire month I was on it, my blood sugars were never under 200. I was on Trulicity before this, which is a wonderful medication that is the same type as Bydureon, but my insurance said it wouldn&#039;t cover the Trulicity for me anymore unless I tried the Bydureon first (?prior authorization). Well...obviously it sucks so thankfully I&#039;ll get to go back on the Trulicity, which made my blood sugars extremely steady (around 110) and I was losing weight...like 2 pounds per week. The Bydureon also hurt horribly to inject and always made me bleed, and the mixing it was a pain in the butt. With the Trulicity, it&#039;s all done for you and is almost painless, and I never bled at the injection site."
"Had the Skyla placed at my 6wk postpartum check up. It was slightly uncomfortable but no different than when I had my Para guard placed 8yrs before. My Dr. recommended giving Skyla a try because I have a heart shaped uterus and had experienced problems with the Para guard. The skyla is a smaller IUD. Her belief was if I really wanted to try an IUD the smaller style of device could be the ticket due to the shape of my uterus. Yes I cramped a little that day, and off and on the next day. I spotted constantly for the first 3 months. 
I have noticed losing weight to be difficult but who knows if its the device or some other cause. 
I have noticed I am more irritable and I have decreased sex drive. Anyone else experience these problems?"
"I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  It got so bad I couldn&#039;t function and my Dr took me off work for 5 weeks and gave me 30mg of cymbalta (generic).  By day 10 I noticed a big improvement..about 60% better.  I see Dr in 2 weeks and she will decide if I should take 60mg.  I really don&#039;t want to and I&#039;m hoping I will continue to get better on the 30mg.  I guess I will wait and see how I feel.  I think therapy is a must for people with anxiety so we can learn ways to help stop the negative thoughts and not let them ruminate on a repeat reel in our head.  I have found that there are things we can learn to help with that along with the meds."
"I had a brain tumor in 2009 and part of it grew into the thalamus in my brain. This left me with a condition diagnosed as &quot;Thalamic pain syndrome&quot;. My doctor had prescribed me some Percocet but it was only helping a little. My neurologist put me on some gabapentin as well as nortriptyline. All of these medications helped a little but I was still in pain so my doctor prescribed me Nucynta ER (extended release). Fortunately with the addition of the Nucynta the pain has been manageable. I still use Percocets as needed but at least the pain is under some degree of control. "
"So far I have had the paragard for about 4 months and I can&#039;t complain. It&#039;s good for 10 years and after recently giving birth to my second child I love the long term option. It&#039;s been effective so far. But there are some down sides, heavy bleeding definitely is a factor is deciding if you want it. When I say heavy I mean changing a tampon almost 6-8 times a day. But in my opinion it&#039;s worth it. Also the cramps are not great. They feel like mild contractions, again to me it&#039;s worth not getting pregnant again. Insertion was not bad compared to the reviews that I read before getting it. I believe having kids factors into the amount of pain there is. Basically it was a minor pinch and that was it! That day I forgot I had even got it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Harvoni for 6 weeks now. I&#039;m 28 years old, no liver cirrhosis, I&#039;ve never done a treatment before. I take it just before I go to bed. I&#039;ve had no side effects this way. The key is to drink as much water as you can. I try to drink a half gallon of water before I fall asleep. I got my labs back yesterday, Hep c is officially undetected in my body. I will continue taking the drug until week 8, and then come back in once more in six months to make sure it&#039;s completely gone. It should be noted that this is a tier 1 drug, meaning its very expensive. Something like $1,000 a pill. But if you&#039;re considering this treatment don&#039;t be put off by this number, I paid $30 a bottle with insurance."
"Sometimes I think  that someone employed by Celexa inc create the responses I read on this site. Most of the positive experiences do not seem likely. Celexa has been a nightmare for me. It makes me so angry. I&#039;m from the big easy and would like to consider myself laidback. I have a very strong belief the reason this medication is prescribed so frequently is so the docs or the powers that be can receive the kick back from by pharmacy. I truly believe that. I&#039;m going on month 4 and currently take 40mgs. I cannot report any positive effects. I can attest to a loss in libido, rashes, depression, weight gain, dry mouth, loss of appetite, aches and I can go on. And the only reason I take it is to obtain the medication that I do get relief from."
"I&#039;ve only had this nexplanon implant for a week now, but so far my fave has started clearing up. I used to have really irregular periods and rarely got them but like once every 2 months.  I actually lost weight in the week I&#039;ve had it.  I have had some intense mood swings. but so far it&#039;s worth it."
"It gave me panic attacks."
"I went to ER because of a bad headache due to my blood pressure being up.  They gave me Reglan and Benadryl.  Within seconds I felt such a rush that I thought that I was having an allergic reaction.  I started asking what was wrong with me, what did you give me.  I could not lift my head or turn myself over.  I felt limp as if I were a rag doll .  I thought that I was dying and kept asking my husband to pray for me and call my pastor.  This was the worst drug reaction that I ever experienced.  I hope others have better results."
"Starting of i was hesitant because nothing really happened i just felt blah the first two days on 75mg, than i started feeling the posotive effects! It was amazing, i havent felt like this ever before on an antidepressant! Im now on 150mg and just livin life depression free. If you have tried prozac, celexa, brintellix, and they havent worked for you give this a shot... Sometimes the risk is worth it!"
"The reason I&#039;m giving it a 9 instead of 10 is because of it&#039;s side effects. Otherwise, this patch works really well for an overnight or two day fishing trip (at least in my experience). I thought I&#039;m getting cold and feeling sick after I get off the fishing boat because my throat was getting dry and dryer and dryer. At that time I&#039;m not aware that one of it&#039;s side effects was dry mouth/throat. Aside from that, I didn&#039;t feel anything anymore after couple of days. I&#039;ll use it again for my next fishing trip. I&#039;ll opt for a dry throat verses getting sick on the boat."
"I have been on lo lostrin fe (it is my first birth control pill I&#039;ve ever taken) for about 1 and a half months. This is overall an effective product; although, I&#039;ve been having a few side effects including very light cramping and continuous spotting, which I hope will wear off. I have easily gained 4 lbs (which I wanted to do intentionally) and my mood has been a lot better than before! No PMS or anything. I haven&#039;t once been nauseous while taking this; I always eat right after I take the pill at the same time every morning. I would recommend this to anyone who wants an effective low-dosage contraceptive."
"I have been using the Evra patch for a year and a half and it&#039;s great. For the first 6 months or so, I would experience nausea on the first day of a new box of patches and gained about ten pounds, but those are my only complaints. It is easy to use and sticks really well. I did have a patch come off ONCE but that was because my skin was not entirely dry when I applied the patch and I also did not press on the patch as long as I probably should have. As a lot of other reviews mention, the patch does form a small dark layer of lint around the edges, which some people find disgusting, but it really isn&#039;t that big of a deal. I apply it on the sides of my hips, so it is concealed in a bikini or tank tops. It has never come off in this position."
"Excellent and I love that it increases my appetite since I have a hard time eating. Helps calm me so I can sleep."
"Macrobid caused me to get really sick and did NOT clear up a urinary tract infection.  I will not take this medicine again as it was not right for me."
"I have severe sciatica caused by long distance driving.  I also have chronic insomnia.  I take 12 mg of tizanidine before I go to bed and go right to sleep.  If you are prescribed this medicine, just be warned it is like an anesthetic.  One minute you will be awake, the next you will be asleep.  I don&#039;t know how you can take it during the day.  Do not take it if you are going to drive.  Also, it is addictive, at least at the level that I take it.  I get the shakes around 5 PM.  But as far as benefit/harm is concerned, I think it is very good for what it does."
"In the last 6 years I have taken a few meds for my depression. Started with Lexapro which helped but caused very quick weight gain. Switched to Cymbalta which caused rash. Switched quickly to Prozac which caused horrible dreams and sexual issues!! Was then put on Wellbutrin by a psych NPR because of my issues with weight gain and sexual side effects. Drug was a miracle for me!!! Lost 45lbs in 2 years after starting it and sexual side effects disappeared!! Started out on 150mg a day but upped to 300mg a day when I had a depressive episode!! Since upping dose have had no issues other than unusual dreams, but can live with that!! Nothings perfect!!!"
"at this point 14 days of pure HELL !!! . Depression, paranoia, extreme fatigue, confusion, disorientation, hallucinations, cycling thoughts. I am convinced this is permanent."
"Had Synvisc 1 injection Sept 14 2017. Injection was very painful but well worth it. With injection and continued physical therapy 100% improved in first week. I did have acid refluxed 3 hours after the injection but I do have food allergies and discussed this with my Orthopedist before receiving the injection.  This injection may not be for everyone but is definitely for me."
"My 15yr old daughter had Nexplanon implanted 3mths ago. Best choice given She has horrible periods &amp; busy schd. Since then she has been sick several times, lost interest in a lot of things she once enjoyed, has continued to have light spotting since the implantation. 2mths ago she had sudden onset of facial swelling. Then 5wks ago she started having sinus/allergy symptoms. After 3 rounds of antibiotics, a steroid+starting allergy pill + nose spray she has not gotten better at all. Actually seems to have gotten worse.  She&#039;s miserable. She has constant cold chills, head aches, Shortness of breath, restless sleep &amp; moodiness. She&#039;s almost seems depressed. She has had spotting the entire 3mths since implanted. She goes Monday to get it removed"
"I was fortunate to have found an effective method of treatment for my depression after trying only a few different medications.  I began with Lexapro, which gave me drymouth, provided little relief and resulted in an uncomfortable feeling if a dosage was missed.  Cymbalta gave me a constant headache.  I started on 20mg of Celexa and after a few weeks I felt more like myself.  I have been taking 40mg for three years and have had great results with few side effects.  Mild decreased in sex drive."
"Wish I read the reviews before taking Errin. I have been on Errin for 15 months and stopped taking it a week ago due to severe migraines, weight gain, moodiness and decreased interest in things that I usually enjoy. My sex drive has decreased and I have little or no interest in my husband. I could not figure out why I was so upset over small things and he even asked me to look into alternative methods of birth control. PLEASE do your research. It&#039;s not for everyone."
"I&#039;ve been on this drug about four weeks now, just gave my fourth injection yesterday.
First injection wasn&#039;t that bad, felt nauseated for two days, lost appetite had to remind myself to eat but I was fine rest of the week, and such a remarkable improvement on my blood glucose results.Second injection, was very nauseated but no vomit on first day, second day, woke up at 4am feeling  sick to my stomach, shaking, sweating, my BS was 130mg/dl. Vomited like endless then was fine again rest of the week. Third injection , felt much better a little nausea first two days then fine. I&#039;ve lost 4lbs in four weeks, my BS number&#039;s averages 110&#039;s, A1C dropped from 8.4 to 7.2 in three weeks. It&#039;s a very expensive drug but I think it&#039;s worth to try."
"If you&#039;ve come here looking for some hope on whether Retin A works or not than your answer is yes! I have been struggling with acne for almost 3 years now I want to think its a phase but who knows. I started retin A Febuary 2015 and it is now May 2015 and my skin looks AMAZING. Trust me I had that &quot;purging&quot; phase and it sucked so bad I didn&#039;t even want to go out and public because of how bad my face was. If you feel like it isn&#039;t working give it TIME, time and patient is key when using this product. I went through two purging phases during week 3 and 5 but after that it was pretty much a smooth ride. STICK WITH IT! Give it 3-4 months!"
"Been taking 100mg for around 6 months now for Depression and Anxiety. I felt an almost immediate effect from Pristiq, did have trouble getting to sleep for the first 10 or so days and felt weird and spaced out a bit but nothing bad. I now feel great, I have a clear head and great concentration. I&#039;m a lot more social too. I&#039;m much more relaxed and look at life in a positive way. Stick with it, its the best medicine I have used by far."
"For me it had a lot of hallucinogenic properties that lasted for 3 days. The sleep was solid though. It was when you woke up that the hallucinations began. There were closed-eyed and open-eyed hallucinations. In terms of strength, the closed-eyed hallucinations were vivid and clear, like watching TV. The open-eyed ones were very subtle. They decreased rapidly as you got up. The open-eyed hallucinations were still visible well into the third day. If you concentrated you could make them out. I only took the drug twice. 600mg and 300mg. No difference in intensity between the two but at 300mg the residual effects did not last as long."
"I really like this medicine. Take 180mg in the morning and one in evening. Really it is the right medicine for me. I am not tired at all, but make sure you take it everyday. I stopped for 2 days..felt really bad. I highly recommend this ...do not take any generics..pay the money for the real deal."
"I have tried everything for my anxiety and depression including Klonopin, Xanax, Ativan. I did think Ativan did work for me but never did get it permanently but Valium has been pretty good with me so far."
"I have post traumatic stress disorder, and started having nightmares about 2 months ago. I was so afraid to go to bed at night because I did not want to relive this experience. My dreams were happening 3-4 times a week and my neighbor actually called the police one night as she thought I was being attacked. I finally went to my therapist asking for sleeping pills. She gave me Prazosin which I begrudgingly took. Thank God! I am no longer afraid to sleep. No more flashlights or bats in my bed! I do have a few side effects of being tired, and upset tummy, but I&#039;m sure it will taper off. Love it, love it, love it."
"Listen!! if your reading these, stop doing this to yourself. Im 49-M and literally drove my self crazy researching and reading .. here it is in a nutshell. Place the 2 bottles of suprep in fridge night before. Eat a LOW FIBER DIET 2 days before and of course your liquid diet the day before. Mix in your chilled water ( I used SMART WATER) with the 6 oz Suprep. Use a big straw. not a thin one. drink as much as you can, use lemon slice, do again, use lemon slice, and i was done with it after 3rd time. drank two more 16 oz waters over next hour ( I used smart water again). this stuff just liquefies everything. 15 to 30 minutes later you will have liquid BM&#039;s.. No pain, no bloating .. just the full feeling of drinking so much .."
"I have this scorching pain in my legs and this is the only new med?"
"I gave it a 10 minus the side effects. I have taken it since January 2008. It did give me tardive dyskinesia and I take 30mg Remeron for the tardive dyskinesia. Geodon works 90%. Geodon is worth the side effects."
"I am 15, and have been having acne for about 5 years now.  It was not too bad, just plenty of black heads and whiteheads. I also had bad scarring.  So I went to my dermatologists for the first time about 3 weeks ago, and she put me on Duac, Doryx, and Epiduo.  All of those put together did wonders for me! In about 3 weeks 85 percent of my acne is gone! At first my face burned and was dry, but I think it was just my skin getting used to it.  I put some moisturizer on and now I don&#039;t have a problem with it! It is only 25 dollars for a 30 day supply, and I will keep taking this till my skin it completely clear! I will really recommend it! If your acne isn&#039;t that bad this is great for you but if it is really bad I would recommend Accutane!"
"Excellent for alcohol withdraw. Only on it for 5 days or so and was tapered off it completely. Could not have quit alcohol without it. Solved the cold sweats, DTs and the other withdrawal problems. ."
"Works best for pain."
"Firstly yes it worked HOWEVER after my experience i think this pill should be illegal! It messed me up and i now regret taking it. 
It said on the leaflet your next period may be a few DAYS late and if any longer than 7 to do a pregnancy test) i did not get my period so i did tests.. all negative.. 3 MONTHS later.. finally got a period and the pain was just horrific. I will never take a pill like this again. Horrible horrible thing!"
"I&#039;ve been using Zyclara for 7 days. I have loss of appetite, I&#039;ve lost 5 lbs already. I feel a little nausea, fatigue, and pain and itching. All of which make me feel like hibernating, but I can&#039;t, I have to work! People are beginning to question the skin eruptions and weight loss. I hope this will be worth it. I&#039;ve tried all other forms of removing basal and squamous from my body including Mohse surgery, but they always reappear over the scar tissue. I have not tried radiation. I hope that Zyclara is going to be the answer for me."
"I am an addict and suffer from anxiety and insomnia.   This was the only medicine that is not a benzodiazapine that has worked for me.  It allows me to fall asleep - not pass out and wake up feeling rejuvenated.  I highly recommend it."
"At first I was quite terrified to start trip-cyclen based off of these reviews, however, my Doctor thought it would be a good fit for me. First of all, this birth control does as it promises-- no babies have been conceived! 
It seems that many users complain of weight gain, I have actually experienced weight loss. Starting tri-cyclen I weighed 148Pounds, currently I am 143. I have not experienced bloating, nausea or abdominal discomfort either.Tri-cyclen helped to make my periods lighter and relieve my cramps associated with my period which has been great. 
I have noticed that I receive more headaches than usual which I am associating with this medication, this is why this birth control is receiving  a 9/10 for me. otherwise  Love it so far"
"4 years and successfully no baby! Now....how to have a baby with the person I want one with!!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medication before. 
By itself is a bit mild, but it is a very good option as an augmentation antidepressant. It&#039;s start working at 30mg due to it&#039;s 5HTP and Noradrenaline boost. A good side effect for me, is weight gain and a great sleep aid. A bad side effect this time for me, as a patient post quimio (chemo), it will be considerable the lows in white blood cells. Thou for a normal person is not a really an issue."
"My experience with this pill has been okay but my periods do last longer now for about 8 days and I also spot in between which is very annoying. I also take the pill at the same time everyday. I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll be staying on this pill for to much longer."
"I was bleeding for 7 weeks lightly and then all of a sudden it came and I was passing large clots and a lot of blood. My doctor put me on Provera 10mg twice a day. I had a horrible headache and felt tired but my period did stop which is great. "
"I&rsquo;ve been getting migraines since I was a teenager. I&rsquo;ve always used Imitrex (sumatriptan) which worked really well, but the side effects kept worsening throughout the years. So much so that it got to the point where the clothes that touched my skin hurt. Not normal, but better than a migraine, right? That was my thought. I told my doctor and she immediately had me switch over to nortriptyline 10mg before bed. I have sleep issues and PTSD as well and starting this medication helped me with all of it. I&rsquo;ve had two migraines since starting a month ago. This is a huge improvement over the 8+ migraines I would normally have. The only downside is that it can back you up a bit. Easy fix with a little Miralax. Overall, I would highly recommend!"
"I find Norflex to be an amazing treatment for neck muscle spasms. I lead a pretty stressful life and every now (once every 3 months or so) and then suffer from muscle spasms in my neck and upper shoulder areas. This can be extremely painful. Sometimes by just taking 2 tables before I go to bed, will cure the problem. I have never needed to take more than 3 doses to relieve the spasm. There have been occasions that I did not have any Norflex and it will take quite a few days for the spasm to pass, even with regular massaging."
"I have moderate eczema around my eyelids, and though cortisone based creams do have a beneficial effect in bringing down the inflammation, irritation, scaling, dryness and itching, I was concerned that long term use would cause my skin to thin, and also that I might get glaucoma or cataracts.
I decided to try Epiceram after reading that Stanford medical researchers now believe that eczema is not an autoimmune disorder, but is caused by a breakdown of the skin&#039;s natural barrier due to dryness. The theory is that if you can re-moisturize the skin, outside insults from the environment will not trigger an attack. After using it for 5 days, Epiceram worked amazingly well, but to avoid stinging in my eyes, I shut my eyes after applying to let it dry."
"I was quite sore from excessive coughing from an up and down bout with the flu. Took one Tylenol 3 tab as prescribed and was actually able to sit up and move around in bed with no pain. However, it did make me slightly dizzy with mild stomach upset. I would not take it when I have to be up and about. Took it at night anyway so I could rest. I can live with the side effects since it&#039;s nighttime and I&#039;m in bed anyway."
"Less side effects than Ciprofloxacin for myself, but definitely makes me achy and muscles feel tense.  Works very quickly, pain and irritation from kidney infection was gone after one day."
"I am now into my 3rd week and for myself it worked by the next morning. I had a past of 20  years on prescription Ativan and the after effects of stopping that medication made me very wary of trying anything else for my attacks. But my life had stopped and I truly felt no hope for the future so I laid it all out for my doctor and mentioned that I had noticed an article on Buspar and with little or no side effects or chance of addiction it seemed a chance I would take. My doctor said she had prescribed it many times chosing it for those same reasons with her patients. Since then my anxiety is almost non-existent. I don&#039;t feel medicined at all. It did mess with my stomach some but nothing to change my opinion of the medicine. Last hope, best decision."
"I always had clear skin, then when I turned 19 my skin broke out mostly all over my chin, so many tiny &quot;under skin&quot; bumps and then big cystic red acne that wouldn&#039;t develop a head and took a long time to heal, after three months of my skin (chin) being completely destroyed with acne, my doctor prescribed Duac. Within a week my skin was completely clear. I did have dryness, so I made sure I washed my face with a gentle soap and an exfoliating brush in the morning and moisturized, then did the same at night before applying only a pea sized amount of Duac to ONLY my chin, where most of my spots appeared! It works amazing, but I would ensure I moisturized A LOT with this product and only use the prescribed amount once a day."
"I love this medication. I was out of control when I was taken to a psychiatrist and diagnosed with Bipolar 1. This was the first medication I was prescribed and it worked like a charm. I&#039;m now mostly stable with a down day about once every two weeks and minuscule manic symptoms. I do have to take a rash medication though. I take it with Latuda. They both work amazingly."
"I just started Clomid a couple weeks ago days 3-8. I&#039;m praying that I get pregnant. Today is my ovulation day, so fingers crossed. I hope it works for me like it has all of you!! "
"I have been having headaches for about five months and the doctor prescribed me Fioricet and it does nothing for my headaches."
"Amazing! Used to sweat so badly under arms! It was so embarrassing to have sweat stains when I was barely doing anything. One night of using this and I instantly did not sweat the next day! And you only have to use it once or twice a week after you stop sweating. Tried everything and this truly works! Stings pretty bad the first time but thought it was well worth it. Did not feel a thing after the first time though!"
"Unbelievable drug! I have tried the others others with so so results and Siliq is the only one that has practically cured me. In a few weeks I should be 100%! If you have tried the other drugs with disappointing results definitely give Siliq a try. You won&#039;t be disappointed!"
"I had this birth control put in a few months ago and since then I have suffered from at least 6 severe migraines.  No sex drive at all what so ever....definitely moody, and constantly bleeding....I thought this would be a good birth control because I can&#039;t remember to take the pills but let&#039;s just say getting in out in a week. Hopefully I will be myself again quite soon."
"Lorazepam is the only one of the many medicines I&#039;ve been given with my chemo that stops my stomach from feeling like someone is at it with a blow torch.

I take it every night to help me sleep---1mg once or twice a day.

I really need it the first 2 weeks after chemo."
"My son is 8yrs old and has asperger&#039;s with an emphasis in anxiety. When the doc prescribed Lexapro at 10mg he had a manic episode, but when decreased to 5mg MY SON SMILED FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 2YRS! For a mom there is no greater feeling. We have to occationally use an additional anxiety medicine durning periods of intense stress but for maintenance therapy it&#039;s great. I only gave it a rating of 7 due to the severe WEIGHT GAIN he has experienced. Good luck to all who suffer"
"I started taking Ativan about 4 months ago and I found it was very effective. It saved my life. I suffered really badly with depression, anxiety and panic attacks. This tablet stops the thoughts racing through my mind and calms me down straight away."
"For about 6 years my physician prescribed Lipitor for high cholesterol. I couldn&#039;t take it due to muscle cramps. After that I was prescribed Zocor, Pravachol and finally the orange drink, Colestipol. Always had adverse side effects so I decided to stop trying. I lost 20 pounds but before the cholesterol dropped with any real significance, I regained the weight. The physician kept saying my cholesterol was dangerously high but I did not want the side effects. 

I had to change insurance companies which meant a new physician. This one said the same along w/a bit of a lecture. She prescribed Crestor, 5mg per day. After 3 months &amp; no side effects it went from 280 to 155. I couldn&#039;t believe it. I am 60 years old."
"Been on it for about 5 years now. 
Cleared my acne that I had on my face, chest, and back. Still have small breakouts here and there but nothing compared to before I was on it. I have gained a small amount of weight but not bad weight, I love it! Lol I have unprotected sex with my husband that I&#039;ve been with for 6 years and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant lol"
"I have had 5 major abdominal sugeries in the last 3 years. I developed MRSA after the last one in May. I have gone through a 3 week treatment and now have tested positive again for MRSA. I still have 2 open wounds that won&#039;t heal from the last surgery. I hope this round with the medication will take care of the MRSA."
"I have been on this medicine for 3 month for my PTSD and I find it has helped somewhat, I can think straight, calm, centered. It&#039;s wonderful in combination with Lyrica for my GAD in which I&#039;m in the-4% that gets euphoria from it."
"For me Rituxan has been the best medicine yet. I have been through Enbrel and Humira which helped but began to lose their effectiveness after awhile."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for about 5 months and haven&#039;t experienced any negative side effects besides tender breasts around the time of my period, but other than that it&#039;s been fine. Shorter, lighter periods and not pregnancy which is very nice."
"I&#039;ve had chronic constipation for as long as I can remember.  Tried eating more fiber and drinking more water and that just makes things worse.  Prescribed the 145 and took it in the morning.  Nothing for the first 4 days then remembered my doc said that some of her patients had better luck taking it at night.  It worked great then.  Some times I have  diarrhea but not always.  The only downside is unpredictability.  I will take this over constipation any day.  Other then diarrhea, I have no side affects.  So give it a try at night if you aren&#039;t having luck in the morning."
"Decreased urinary frequency within first 2 days of 25mg per day. I&#039;ve had mild Gi symptoms that are very manageable. I have low back and hip pain that have become severe. This is my third week of the med. I do not want to give this Med up...  but can&#039;t take this pain. :/"
"I wanted so badly for this medicine to work, but it has not controlled my hypomanic anxiety or insomnia at all. And it made my depersonalization, concentration, and irritability worse. And now as a side effect I&#039;m having short term memory issues.

The only reason that Latuda has a 2 instead of a 1 is because I haven&#039;t gained any weight or had any other typical antipsychotic side effects."
"I&#039;ve loved Nexplanon. The insertion was easy. I had major bruising but I&#039;m also fair skinned. I never notice it is there unless I feel for it. I haven&#039;t had a period in almost 2 years. I am overweight to begin with so I know the length of time of effectiveness isn&#039;t going to be the same. I&#039;ve recently started getting periods again so I have to get it replaced which I fully plan on doing."
"I&#039;d been constipated for a few days and decided to try dulcolax to get some relief. I&#039;d never tried a laxative before. I took 1 pill at 630 pm and made the mistake of reading these reviews afterwards... I nervously waited for the worst. I began my BM at around 11 pm. Nothing bad to speak of.... no terrible abdominal cramping, no sweating, no nausea, ect. Nothing, just a much softer and, much needed, BM. I didn&#039;t even drink excessive water with it. I think the key is to only take 1 pill - especially if you&#039;ve never used the medication before &amp; aren&#039;t sure how you&#039;ll respond to it. I&#039;d recommend.. does the job!"
" am a 28 year old female with ADD and mild form of narcolepsy. Before Concerta,  was tired and sleepy ALL the time and distracted. It&rsquo;s gotten to the point where t was affecting my work.  thought enough was enough and went to my doctor. Concerta was the first medication he prescribed and it&rsquo;s the best. But we experimented with Adderral (good pill but knocked me out at 7:00pm after t wore off, so t didn&rsquo;t address narcolepsy) and Ritalin (heart rate was just insane) and Vyvanse (gave me anxiety that I never had). With Concerta  have 0 side effects,  am never sleepy anymore (but sleep well at night) and distraction levels have decreased significantly. Giving t a 9 because  am not at 100% with focus.  wish it were slightly stronger."
"I had all the side affects listed for this medication.  It was my first time using this drug.  I took a 150mg tablet and I ended up with dizziness, diarrhea, and severe abdominal pain.  I am on Day 4 after taking it and I still have lower abdominal pain from it. 

Please use caution!"
"I&#039;m in high school, and just got prescribed to 30mg Adderall XR. When you take it, it starts to work in 30-45 minutes. You are supposed to be able to feel the effects for around 10 hours I believe, and I only feel them for 6 or 7. I feel the full effect for 3 or 4 hours and then they gradually weaken. I told my doctor that I get bored listening to the teacher talk for an hour straight, and get distracted very easily. I thought that the Adderall was going to make me pay attention and not get distracted, but the only thing I have noticed so far is that it makes me very neat with everything (which comes in handy at times). However, it seems like whenever I take it I&#039;m in a good mood. Overall I like it."
"Been on Sertiline for 3 years 75mg and find it ok, have suffered from itching some days, and weight gain, better drug than the rest on the UK market."
"I used Advir for years...then it started doing less work. Doctor gave me Symbicort and wow what a difference."
"Had tried Advair and one other inhaler and didn&#039;t do anything. Was using albuterol when needed (2-3 times a day). Doctor put me on Symbicort and had immediate relief. Only take 2 puffs in the morning and set for the day. No side effects yet (6 weeks now). Hopefully it will continue to work on my COPD.  Also, I&#039;m a smoker (of course trying to quit) and even with smoking, Symbicort has worked great."
"Horrible!  If you want constant spotting to bleeding..depression and hair loss...this will do it!  This causes hair loss."
"I have been on Celexa since January of this year and the medicine has been awesome. Stress, anxiety and panic attack free. Celexa gave me my life back. I was scared to take it at first because of all the stuff I read on the Internet. My advice to anyone starting any SSRI is not to read all the horror stories on the internet. It will just make it worse, believe me. All I can say is I never want to go back to the way it was. That being said if I have to take Celexa the rest of my life so be it."
"Its very odd to take this preparation under 17 years of age but i did and i gain weight with this best for my manic panic attacks i&#039;ll give it 10 my weight was only 42 kgs before i&#039;d taken this and now 6 months have gone and i am 63 kgs by now YOO!! yippiee!!! sounds great thanks Olanzapine 5mg"
"So I took plan b one step after the condom broke which was November 21 I took it 1 hour after and I was hoping and hoping it would work because it was one of my fertile days before ovulation. After I took it I looked at the reviews about it on here and I was feeling more calm about knowing it worked on people. So all I could really do is wait till my period came. I was so devastated the pill didn&#039;t work because 3 days later I felt like I was ovulating since I got a lot of discharge. But I had to wait since my period was to come December 8. I had no symptoms at all except a lot of discharge. After 2 weeks my period came 1 day early on December 7. So I was relieved that Plan b one step WORKS! Don&#039;t stress a lot it works just be patient "
"I was diagnosed in 2013 with ibs.. Then 2014 ibd....now Feb2016 with crohn&#039;s...tried a lot of meds nothing worked went to remicaid well it has been working but never lasts that long... By 5-6 wks I&#039;m starting to flare... This time after load in doses they used me to 7.5 and that worked I got 6 wks out of it instead of 4 wks.... But this time it&#039;s bad started flare of belly 4 days ago... And now I can&#039;t barely move feels like I&#039;ve been hit by a truck... All my joints hurt so bad ...this is awful.. Hoping to get an infusion. ... But I read all the same issues...."
"Ambien was a great for me. I suffer from spine damage and pain wakes me. Sleep studies found I got 2 hrs of REM sleep. Ambien made this 5 and 6 hrs REM sleep. From this I cut my pain meds in half. My life got better and I went back to work. Medicine is not designed for long term use, yet I had to. This was only way I could sleep. 
I started with depression problems. Dr gave other medicines and it only made me worse. Ask for a sleep medicine change to Lunesta. In a week my depression was gone. 

"
"Been taking Brintellix for 2 weeks and so far feeling pretty good. I&#039;m a little worried about the weight gain and the price. I finally find something that works for me and it causes these side affects and ridiculous how pricey it is to feel normal! Sad to know that if I can&#039;t afford it or it puts weight on me that I&#039;m going to have to stop taking a drug that actually helps! I work out 4 days a week and had lost 22 lbs but I&#039;ve gained 4 in 2 weeks.Not acceptable! I will continue taking for another 2 weeks and see what happens!"
"When I was a child I suffered severe migraines almost every day. I would have to lay in a dark room and most times they would be so bad I would vomit. After running extensive tests doctors decided to put me on amitriptyline. I can&#039;t recall the exact dosage but I was on it for a couple years. It worked like a charm and I get probably 1 or 2 migraines a month. Wonderful medicine!"
"I just started using Fastin and I like it better than other diet pills I&#039;ve tried such as Hydroxycut because it doesn&#039;t make me feel sick/ nauseous. BUT it definitely makes my heart rate skyrocket, so for the first couple days I would only take half a pill at a time. A full pill makes my hands tremble and I can hear my pulse in my brain."
"Okay I am a woman weighing a little over 195lbs and I was so scared that the pill wouldn&#039;t work for me. Well I took the pill 15 hours after I had unprotected sex and he did finish inside of me so I was so so nervous and cried a lot but hey I want you to know that I got my period as expected so ladies, just let the pill do its job and make sure to take it within the time limit. Thank you Plan B! :)"
"This was my first experience with birth control. I only lasted one week. I couldn&#039;t breathe, was weak and exhausted, and got really depressed. I do have a history of depression, though."
"The side effects at the beginning were just awful, but my body has gotten used to it and this is simply an amazing drug for the pain. I&#039;m taking 60mg and the pain is almost completely gone. I find though that it does give me insomnia if I take it at night."
"I have had debilitating migraines for over 25 years. I have tried EVERY type of migraine medication- hoping each time the new one would work- and would be so frustrated  every time. I previously thought my migraines were hormone related, but have now realized they are also caused by changes in the weather/ air pressure. My neurologist has tried many medications, and finally Cambia! Cambia is by far the best thing I have used- If I can take it as soon as I feel the migraine coming on, it works great! I have been taking it for 6 months, and only a couple of times it didn&#039;t work. I also started taking 400mg of magnesium glycinate every day and I feel it has also helped in migraine prevention. Hope this helps others as much as it has helped me!"
"I have severe low back pain, spinal stenosis, and a bulging disc. I was on my feet a lot because of my job which caused my pain to become worse. I was taking Norco alone which I couldn&#039;t take while working, plus the pills would not last long. Many times I was in tears. Finally my doctor put me on Fentanyl 25, then increased to 37, then finally increasing to 50. It was a God send because the pain decreased tremendously. I have the sweats and chills at times but that&#039;s a small price to pay for the relief I have received. At first I had severe itching, but my doctor have me to use Cortizone. I put it on and put the patch on about 30 minutes later, and no more itching. I am now retired and my patch was decreased to 25."
"I have had this for a year now and I can say it is a very effective birth control. Mine is in my arm at an angle though which scared me. One end was poking out and the other was so down in my arm I could barely feel it. My doctor said it was fine and over time it has levelled out for the most part. No bleeding for the first 6 months! After that the periods were light at first but are getting heavier. The first period after that 6 months was for a month straight. Then they were like 4-7 days once a month which is normal for me. currently on day 22 of a period. It feels like I am peeing my pants because the blood comes in waves and my uterus lining come off in huge chunks. Most part great birth control with disgusting periods."
"I had incredibly painful cramps and was told by both my ob/gyn and general doctor birth control could really help me, so I tried Ortho. My skin stayed just about the same (got some tiny under the skin bumps that didn&#039;t bother me) and I was a little tired. My first period on it was extremely heavy and painful, but the next one was lighter and easier to deal with. But I noticed about a month in, I sprouted hair all over my cheeks (which I&#039;ve NEVER had before). My hormones were basically normal before, but this pill made them go completely haywire (hence the hair growth). But apparently this is a rare side effect. This pill seems to be one of the better ones for other people, but was not right for me. I will keep looking for my perfect birth control."
"If my mania wasn&#039;t a thing to be reckoned with, I&#039;d stop taking this. My hair has been thinning for the past year, and without Abilify in my combination of meds I&#039;m a total zombie."
" I hate the doctors that prescribe ambien  to  patients like me. They  are putting patent&#039;s life in danger.  I know some people taking this pill during the day too and they take way too much . It is adicctive"
"I started getting acne when I was about 12 (when I got my period) I have been suffering from acne for about 3 years now. I have severe acne on my head and breakouts on my arms chest and back. I have been trying off the counter products for the first 2 years. Nothing seemed to be working so I finally went and saw a dermatologist, he prescribed me minocycline I went on it for about 2 weeks and i stopped because I was feeling dizzy and nauseous every time I took it. A good 3 months later I started it again because it was getting worse, I have been on it for about 3 weeks and I have been to the hospital about two times because of the rash all throughout my body and chest pain to the point I cant breathe.( cleared most of my acne up)"
"I love the patch. I have been on it almost 3 years now. My only problem with it is pulling it off. It tends to leave an outline on my body that is hard to remove. The best way to get rid of the outline is to just move the patch to another spot and let the previous spot clear up. I haven&#039;t gained any weight or had any side effects from it. My sex drive has increased but that is probably due to the fact that I feel so well protected when I am on the patch. I do have a concern about how long will it take me to get pregnant when my husband and I decide to have children, but I will cross that bridge when I get there."
"Smoked for 22 years I was one of thise smokers who tried to quit lots but then resigned to the excuse that I loved to smoke. Just over a week ago I mentally decided that I was not a smoker. I started zyban on the second day I quit and smoked 2 that day, one the next, and half the next. That last half, I knew it was the last. As with these other stories I was addicted. Tried everything. Champix, patches, quit help lines and support etc so I was sceptical but determined. I really can not believe how well it has worked. I&#039;m not grumpy, no cravings and no side effects as yet. I also take the gum with it but it&#039;s not a need just a back up. Can&#039;t recommend this enough."
"Been on Testim for around 3 weeks now. Have noticed slight changes in libido but not much in the way of anything else. My T levels were on the floor so it may take a couple of  months to get them sorted out. I suspect I have had low testosterone levels for a while now but it was only when things got tough and I felt down, depressed and thoroughly miserable at the age of 48 I decided to see doctor.

I suggested to GP that it was an androgen problem and she told me that 99 per cent of guys who come in and tell her that don&#039;t actually have low T. I persuaded her to run the test and it came back low, 144 I think. Did a confirmation level then I was referred to Endocrine consultant. Hopefully feel much better soon."
"So far, so good. Abilify is extremely strong, so I have found I am fine with just 5mg daily. Taking a lower dose gets rid of most of the unpleasant side effects (restlessness and constipation)."
"I am a 52 yr old female weighing 160 pounds.  I started the low dose 14 day trial about 2 months ago.  I lost 2 lbs. immediately.  Side effects were, loss of appetite &amp; constipation.  When I started the higher, 7.5 dose, my digestive system instantly shut down.  I took a stool softener &amp; laxative daily &amp; I still could not go to the restroom.  I drink 70-85 oz. of water &amp; take &quot;It Works&quot; &quot;greens supplement&quot; daily to get a decent intake of fruits &amp; vegetables.  Long story short, I can only take 1 pill once every 5 to 6 days; otherwise I am miserable and extremely stopped up.  Since getting the prescription filled on May 14, 2016, I have only taken 7 pills.  I have an appt to see my doc in a few days.  Have lost 3 pounds."
"Started phentermine a week ago.  The first day I literally felt crazy. I was hot, sweaty and extremely active, water was my best friend! Now I just feel energized, not crazy lol. I don&#039;t have an appetite at all and if I go without water I get headaches (shocker).  I take it everyday with the exception of Sunday&#039;s, I know I won&#039;t drink alot of water but I still maintain my eating habits. I&#039;ve been on if for a week now and I started at 189 and today I weighed 181, so 8lbs today. I think it&#039;s great, best decision I&#039;ve made so far, gonna give another update in a month."
"I took it for 6 months. Worst 6 months of my life. I felt sick EVERY single day. After taking the pill, 1-2 hours later I felt like vomiting. I would NEVER recommend this to ANYONE. I had severe cramps&amp; headaches."
"Less agression, no weight gain, no increased appetite,  taken 5mg for 8 months.  Happy, normal,active life now."
"Honestly this is the only medication that has ever worked for my cold sores. Seems like as soon as I take the first dose the sore won&#039;t get any larger than it is at that moment and it begins to heal. Still goes through the stages of a scab but is much easier to live with and not nearly as visible, unsightly, or long lasting as they were in the past."
"Levaquin is my miracle prescription for sinus infections. I usually get 2 really nasty sinus infections a year-Levaquin is the ONLY antibiotic that had worked for me. I have never had any side effects, other than getting well! I always take It exactly as prescribed: 1 per day, (for 10 days), with lots of water."
"We have had much success with our 11 year old on this medication.  He is conversing with us more and stays better focused on the task at hand (i.e. school work). He is not as easily frustrated by things and has started sharing his feelings which he never did before.  He started on the Tenex in August 2009 and we switched to the Intuniv about two months ago.  Tenex helped but Intuniv seems to have really done the trick.  We still have some issues, but everything is more tolerable for both him and us!"
"I&#039;ve been on Risperidone for a long time now, and I think it&#039;s working great for me. I use to have paranoid thoughts, but after taking Risperidone, I&#039;ve gained trust in other people more. I think it helped my paranoid thoughts go away by leveling out my mood and anxiety. I think I genetically get anxiety passed down from relatives, but who really knows. I hope I stay on Risperidone for a long time.I didn&#039;t even gain weight on it. If you have anxiety  tell your doctor to put you on Risperidone."
"My son was diagnosed with ADHD about 6 months ago,he is 7 years old, this medicine Works great. He&#039;s not zombified. Helps him to really focus and helps with school. Only side effect I noticed is he doesn&#039;t have a appetite and it wears off about 4pm and he eats like crazy then. No mood swings. Very satisfied with this medication."
"Changed my life totally and completely. I used to be on a emotional roller coaster...up and down, over and over again. This medicine just brings me to a mellow state. I let nothing get to me anymore. I never get hostile, and that was my norm. I actually think this medicine saved my life because I was so tired of being emotional and angry!  This was my last resort. I tried everything else that the doctor wanted me to try and none of that phased me. I recommend this to anyone with bipolar. "
"We started taking Belviq last year with my Dad and then my Mom. They lost a combined 66 pounds in four months each on this. We will push the exercise and try to lose 30 and 35 pounds respectively. No side effects except I decide what I eat and how much. Just a little dry mouth but feel great. Belviq for Bela Vita. to the good life."
"I love Lexapro. I was having chest pain daily along with my heart skipping beats due to stress and anxiety. I began taking Lexapro and hardly ever have chest pain. I feel like myself again. I have gained a good bit of weight, but for me it is worth not having daily chest pains and anxiety."
"Migraines for 30+ yrs; went from occasional, controlled reasonably well with Triptans. Approx. 4 yrs ago turned into Chronic Migraines w/aura avg. 6 days a week, and less and less relief from Triptans or Naproxen (allergic to Aspirin).
Tried Beta blockers and just about every other known possible prevention; no positive result, only negative side effects.
Had Botox injections 5/2015 and Magic! Not one Migraine for next3 weeks! Diagnosed that same week with Essential Thrombocythemia( cancer involves HIGH platelet count etc.),
Taking low dose Chemo treatments plus blood thinners and Migraines have returned with increasing frequency.
Will do 2nd Botox treatment in Aug. hope works for longer!"
"I have had the Nexplanon in for about 2 1/2 years and I could go months without my period which I loved but when I get it it will last for weeks and I will have bad cramps and PMS. Also even when I&#039;m not on my period I will be moody and emotional. My sex drive is completely gone, which is a huge problem because I&#039;m 19 and in a relationship so it sucks and almost makes me want to get it out early.. But it&#039;s just so convenient to have, you don&#039;t have to worry about taking anything or using anything to have sex. I would recommend it because it affects everyone differently but I may not get a new one in just because of some of the side affects for me."
"I am a long-time sufferer of severe migraines, which interfere with my life. I take propanolol as preventative and Relpax for breakthough  4-6 times a month. My PCP prescribed small dose of Iisinipril in addition to help. No idea if drug would have helped migraines. First week, I had small outbreaks of hives I did not connect with lisinipril. Then I had an outbreak that within a day covered my entire body (there were plate sized hives that overlapped, with smaller outbreaks on top. My mouth and throat began swelling, and I got to ER asap. Very close to anaphylaxis. Learned that this is known side effect of Lisinipril. Package warning is not clear enough."
"Like many, I dreaded the prep for a colonoscopy as I typically have a gag reflex. However, I did my research (read every review on here) and came up with a plan that worked really well. Here&#039;s the poop (pun intended): About 3  have a light bland supper. Two days before, eat bland soft food (plain scrambled eggs, smooth yogurt, etc) and drink lots of water and/or clear liquids. Day 1 prep: eat 2 plain scrambled eggs for breakfast and then drink lots of clear non-acid liquids. Buy some Crystal Light Powder and make a strong pitcher. Put in fridge a few hours before first dose. Add to Suprep 30 min before taking and put in fridge. Cut a lemon wedge and hold under your nose, drink through a straw. It&#039;s bearable and it works well."
"I started taking adderall in 2012 to 2015 with a 15 month break in 2014 due pregnancy and breastfeeding. I was diagnosed with ADD as a child but held off on taking medication until I was 26. Adderall immediately helped with focus and even energy and motivation. I excelled at work and finally was able to complete tasks instead of starting them and trailing off to something else. In 2015 when I discontinued adderall, I was taking a pretty high prescribed dose of 30mg twice a day. I started noticing the cons of the come downs were outweighing the pros of when the medication was working. I had anxiety, irritability and extreme fatigue. They switched me to dex which was much smoother but has increased my BP. I try Vyvanse tomorrow."
"I have been bleeding for 5 months now. I only got one shot and ever since I didn&#039;t get the second its been non stop heavy bleeding for two months. All I can ask is when is the bleeding and depression and headaches stop."
"I have had general anxiety for as long as I can remember, and it started really interfering with my daily life and relationships. My doctor put me on prozac with 20mg dosages. The first 1-2 weeks I did have a bit of nausea so it was hard eating in the mornings, but that&#039;s the only side effect I noticed. It helped me get rid of anxious thoughts that had once wrecked my life, and made me calm without ridding me of my outgoing and bubbly personality. That made me really happy. However I have now been on it for almost 3 months and I am noticing a large decrease in sex drive. It has started effecting my relationship so I&#039;m currently looking at other options. Other than that I would recommend. :)"
"Started off really well, 4 - 5 months down the line, have started to binge now and again but desire to purge is much less than before, only twice in 3 months."
"Started Crestor Jan 1 2017, in mid Feb I started having severe CAN&#039;T BREATH episodes gasping for air, dypsnea, throat swelling &amp; closing, very hoarse, chest pain, chest burning, erratic racing pulse -- and months of feeling horrible. After countless trips to the doctor, CT scans of sinuses, throat and lungs, multiple rounds of antibiotics &amp; steroids for assumed lingering bronchitis, the same doc that put me on Crestor had no idea how to help me and sent me to an ENT-- who could see me 3 weeks later! Meanwhile, symptoms worsening. I felt like a 90 year old. A friend who had had an allergic reaction to a drug recognized symptoms of anaphylactyic allergic reaction. Off crestor 2.5 wks; getting better but google says 1-2 months to get out of system"
"Took 2 tablets and went to bed. Experienced some cramping at around 6am the next morning. But around 6:30am the cramping was horrible. Vomiting and diarrhea so much. After about 3 hours of on the toilet and my head in a trash can, I finally was able to sleep. I will never take this again. I have been weak, nausea, and cramping still all day. I am afraid to eat something. I did not drink water before taking this, so if you do take it hydrate yourself before, don&#039;t eat a big meal before (like I did), and do it in a day where you have zero plans."
"I found this to be incredibly helpful. I developed a urinary tract infection on a Friday night and had to go to work an hour later. Within an hour of taking AZO, I felt much more comfortable. It can make you feel dizzy. Therefore, I recommend taking the pill with a meal. My minor complaint would be that I found the time it took to kick in and wear off to vary greatly each time I took it. However, totally worth it. Warning: take an antibiotic when you can. AZO will make you feel better, but only temporarily."
"I was first prescribed this for Asperger&#039;s syndrome at the age of 24.  I&#039;ve been on numerous types of medications since I was a teenager, but this is the first one that I&#039;ve been on that has significantly helped.  My quality of life is much better, I don&#039;t have as many ruminating, obsessive thoughts that make me miserable."
"I live with chronic pain from many different health issues. I have 3 types of migraines, liver disease, Crohn&#039;s disease, gastroparesis, IBD, IBS, gerd, ulcerative colitis, pseudotumo cerebri too many things to list. However I stay in pain. I have been on every drug known to man and this is a fast acting medication that helps the pain and you don&#039;t feel like your on cloud 90. My insurance has been great and now they don&#039;t want to cover it but want to pay for a drug that cost more then this medication that will do nothing but make me in more pain because we get to play the guess game till we find the dose that will work if we do find one and then pay for more er trips. Not happy. Subsy gave me my hubby and kids back somewhat again."
"This is my second try at an IUD. With my first experience as reference I thought it&#039;d be the worst again,  but it wasn&#039;t! Surprisingly it was minor minor cramping and it didn&#039;t hurt. I don&#039;t know why others feel great pain.  I am 28, mother of two and I go through severe menstrual cramps each month. Insertion of this IUD was so easy! I haven&#039;t felt any side effects and I&#039;ve now had it for a week.  If I feel any different I&#039;ll come back haha. My insurance paid for it but it costs $415 and I live in Ontario.  If others are curious to know the cost of it."
"Something just &quot;cliked&quot; after I started taking this medication.  I&rsquo;ve suffered depression my whole adulthood and nothing seemed to do much of anything.  Less than I week taking Abilify I wanted to be active; I&#039;m happier, and more outgoing.  So far no noticeable weight gain."
"I was given this medication to help with the side effects of Chemo and radiation and it was ok the first day but as the days went on I began to feel irritated groggy and EXTREMELY restless but I was really tired like super tired. It kept me so drained that I slept for 22 hours! Almost all the side effects mentioned above (or below) I experienced them too. I will NEVER take this again! I rather be nauseous!!"
"Today was my first day on 150mg of Nuvigil. I took it at 7:00 am and it is now almost 11:00 PM. I am still speeding like crazy. I cannot sleep. Breathing is twice as heavy.
It&#039;s weird that 15 hours after taking it -- I am still in panic mode. I was very much awake today but, rapid heart beat all day. Threw down a hot dog to try and suppress the speeding. Otherwise my mind went 100 mph. Definitely not sleepy a bit. Would like to eat, but just cannot do it. It feels like I&#039;m on the Movie Speed where the bus has to go so fast.  Hopefully tomorrow I will do better. I want to go to sleep so badly. I took 1mg of Xanax and Luvox; no help at all.  "
"I have been taking 25 mg of Doxepin for 17 years, I always could fall asleep, but if I woke up during the night, I couldn&#039;t go back to sleep for hours. Doxepin was like a miracle to me, I was never groggy the next morning and it didn&#039;t make me sleepy and groggy right after taking it.  It just lets me go right back to sleep if I get up to use the bathroom.  It still works after all these years, not as well though.  I have weaned myself off of it, but I start having hot flashes off and on all day...so I start taking it again.  And after being off of it for a few days the sleep problems seem to be back...so I may be on this for the rest of my life. I have recommended this to several friends and it has also helped them."
"I have been taking this drug for nearly 2 monthsfor my PCOS/pre diabetes. Started at .6 dose, went up to 1.2, and had to go back to .6 because I am so violently ill all the time. It is taking me days to digest the same meal (I know because I am vomiting up food I ate days prior), my reflux is out of control (drinking maalox, eating tums, and now on *80 mgs of Prilosec* to control it). I feel like my entire life is on hold. I can&#039;t eat anything outside of the house because I need to be near a bathroom, and ironically I have lost about 1 lb through this entire ordeal, and my blood sugar remains steady at around 118. When I see my doctor next she is definitely going to hear about this. I do not see any reason to keep taking this medication."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for about 6 months, and it has made a world of a difference. I&#039;ve had constipation for over 8 years, I&#039;m in my late 20s, healthy, female, &amp; moderately active. Things that normally would give others runny diarrhea, like prune juice, I would barely see any effect. After being tired of painful amounts of fiber intake &amp; OTC stool softeners that didn&#039;t help enough, my doctor put me on this twice a day, &amp; it works great. I had few side effects, and only for about a week."
"I started this as my first ever birth control pill. My doctor prescribed it to me because I had crippling cramps and nausea. The first month my cramps were completly gone and it was amazing, 3 months later they are exactly the same as before I started the pill. I get my period twice a month now. I&#039;ve been getting chronic headaches, repressed appetites, spotting, and cramps. The pill has improved my acne and made me gain a little weight (which I don&#039;t mind because I&#039;m on a weight gaining diet) but otherwise this isn&#039;t the medication for me. I totally need a stronger medication."
"Currently in pain management. Have been taking Ms-contin and Norco both 3 times a day, for 12 years plus. Had two gyno surgeries in December and January (last Wednesday) and was prescribed vicodin as well. With the other medicines I take I found my overall pain management, not just surgical pain to be much better. Really found a few pain free moments for first time in 2 years. Great relief. Wish I could take it all the time with current pain medication regimen."
"I&#039;ve used the patch for about 3 years, and I love it. I am horrible about remembering to take the pill, so this was a great option for me. I was on Ortho tri cyclen before that, and didn&#039;t notice any side effects when I switched. However, now that my health insurance has changed, I am forced to switch back to the pill. I will miss using ortho evra!"
"I&#039;m on it now and I haven&#039;t gained any weight or had any acne problems honestly it just depends on the person it reacts different for everyone and I only get a period for 2 weeks every 3to 4 months so not bad at all"
"I am single, and am only taking this mainly for my acne issues. I stopped taking this a year ago when i was in a bad relationship and was too depressed to take the pill regularly. After stopping, I&#039;ve had under the skin acne/bumps all the time, and has not gotten better. I caved in and am back on it. I just finished week 1 of my first pack. I wasn&#039;t get cystic acne previously but did get one a couple days ago. hopefully this will be the only one. When I was on this in 2015, I was very depressed and no sex drive but I was also in a bad relationship so I wont put the blame on the pill just yet. I will keep you updated with my progress, wish me luck!"
"I was prescribed Protonix for GERD after having a heart attack.  I had been prescribed Omeprazole prior for the same condition, but after about 3 days, I had a very painful stomach, and eventually my stomach failed to empty and I spent a night over the toilet, throwing up everything I had eaten the afternoon before.  I stopped the Omeprazole, and then tried it again about 3 weeks later, same result.  Protonix was new to me and I decided to give it a chance, but 5 days after taking my first dose, I just spent a day in pain and once again, threw up my dinner and lunch from the day before.  "
"I take Bupropion HCL XL 150mg. I noticed an EXTREME improvement in my mood the very first day of taking it. I still take it with no side effects whatsoever. It helps me so much I cannot stress how much it has helped me for this past month of taking it."
"It will for sure help with the pain.  Mine is a toothache, but it makes me soo sleepy.  I sleep wonderful, but find it hard to want to wake up."
"I had hyperhidrosis since like forever and it was really bad. I remember when I was in elementary school when my friends played hand games and I couldn&#039;t because I know that my palms would sweat and they&#039;ll be disgusted by it and when I was going through puberty my under arms started to sweat and it was really embrassing I wore layers of clothes to hide the sweat but that&#039;ll just make it worse and also shaking hands was a problem BUT Hypercare helps a lot. My life became so much more happier and I&#039;m glad that my doctor prescribed me Hypercare and I recommend it to anyone who suffers from hyperhidrosis."
"I have been taking Brintellix for 4 days, at night, with food, and I am having absolutely no side effects.  I feel a little little bit lighter/brighter, even though I know these meds usually take a while to kick in.  So far so good."
"I have suffered with fatigue and joint and muscle pain and restless leg syndrome for ten years. Used Ibuprofen which only helped a small bit, I finally said enough is enough and went the doctor and told them to give me something for the pain. I felt like I was losing my mind and I just said I know I have fibromyalgia and I can&#039;t take it anymore. She gave me antidepressants and a muscle relaxer and Tramadol. I only felt doped up with the antidepressant and the muscle relaxer but the Tramadol was awesome. I am now able to work pain free and exercise, I have lost 40 lbs since I started taking it and I feel more normal. I don&#039;t think I can deal with the pain again. I take the 50mg tab 1 every 5 to 6 hours."
"I took Saphris for the first time recently. First I was sad, then couldn&#039;t sleep, then paranoid and went into psychosis. Was told it wasn&#039;t very sedating. Much prefer Seroquel!"
"Started taking for acne. It helped a lot the first three weeks but the second I had my period it&#039;s like I might as well not even be taking the oracea because I see little to no difference. I get diarrhea and upset stomach in addition to taking this medication. For me, I&#039;ll probably need to take a stronger medicine."
"This is AWFUL!! I&#039;ve had YIs before and used the miconazole 7 and never had such itching!! Oh my goodness! I swear, they must have changed something in it. I&#039;m on my first night and I&#039;m not sure if I can stick this out for 6 more days. I&#039;m a little over 35 weeks pregnant and really don&#039;t want to keep the infection going, but this is just too much!! Definitely calling my OB in the morning!!! I do not recommend this AT ALL. after this, I&#039;ll stick to eating yogurt on a daily basis and hope that will help prevent this from happening again. I&#039;d rather eat yogurt than having my vag feel like it&#039;s being caught on fire!"
"I am almost done w 4th week of 10mg and I feel so much calmer. Before I couldn&#039;t look at my husband without scowling at him. Anxiety and anger hit me hard in this economy. And I look back and see how irrational I was... And what a great man for putting up me. I even look at my children in a better light. I have been one of those people who has never wanted to be &quot;one of them pill poppers&quot;, but at 36 I can see myself as me again and am thankful for Paxil. It took a bit over 2 weeks to kick into me! I realized it was working when for days the normal little things that bugged me no longer angered me or created anxiety. I breathe easier."
"These eye drops are great for relief of allergy symptoms. Keep in the fridge for maximum relief.  The only issue I have had with them is that when I stopped using them my symptoms came back worse then when I started."
"I had my skyla put in May 2015. I have had it almost two years and can say that it was the best choice I could have made. When I first got it I did experience a lot of pain, for at least a month I had very bad cramps and mood swings. Two years later I don&#039;t even know it&#039;s there. I would very strongly recommend!"
"it does help"
"Didn&#039;t seem to lower my heart rate very much, except when I tried to walk around in physical therapy class.  Then it caused a severe drop in my heart rate, from about 95 in the relaxed sitting position, to below the 50s when I walked a few yards.  Bradycardia is a documented side effect, and unfortunately one I suffered from.  Also had lots of goosebumps, tingling scalp, chills and flushing throughout the day.  I&#039;m not totally knocking it, because I know it works for some POTS patients, but it wasn&#039;t the medicine for me."
"when I was 14 years old and have been getting acne for a little under a year, so when my dermatologist recommended solodyn, I was very pleased, but being on this medication for less than a week, I have to say I would not recommend it. The joint pain I got in my knee was unbearable, and it also gave me random anxiety attacks, as well as mild depression. Very disappointed:("
"Works well if you go straight to bed. If you stay up past 30 minutes you are fighting it. Just let the feeling hit you and go to bed.  I have taken two 10mg tabs in about 30 mins and apparently made constant calls to my wife at work. When she came home I asked her &quot;What are you talking about?&quot; I still have no memory of that incident. So now I only take 1 and try to go straight to bed. "
"changed to Yasmin after using levest for 2 months and breaking out horribly. It didn&#039;t really make a difference, I thought it would just be due to the settling in period but I&#039;ve been on yasmin for four months now. my skin only started to get better towards the end of the third month. I&#039;ve only really seen a significant difference now I&#039;ve been using duac for a couple of weeks (I used duac two years ago to clear my skin). I started using duac again during my break week so didn&#039;t know whether using the pill and duac together would work. A couple days after I finished my break week I broke out immediately around my chin (where hormonal acne usually is). Also, although my skin is now almost smooth it&#039;s marked badly!! :("
"I have been on Riclipsen for just about a year and since I&#039;ve been on it I&#039;ve experienced weight gain (9 pounds),  mood swings, and very very emotional. This pill made me cry for every single little thing, and I mean cry like someone had died. I&#039;ve always had mild acne and it did not help it what&#039;s so ever. I&#039;ve always had heavy periods and it helped with them. Kept me from getting pregnant but that was about it."
"I have been on the Depo shot for 14 years, and it was a lifesaver for me. My doctor put me on it because I had PMS so bad, I could not live a normal life.  I have never had another period and no side effects.  I have not had a bone density test but would like to do so.  I just recently read that 2 years was all you should stay on it, I didn&#039;t know that before and was not told that by my doctor.  I think it&#039;s great."
"I ruptured L5/S1 disc at work (I&#039;m 58 years old).  Nothing seemed to  help with the pain until I asked about Gabapentin and started taking 300 mg three times a day along with Ibuprofen 600 mg.   It does help a lot but only when I combine it with Ibuprofen...without I really don&#039;t get relief.  It does take some time for your body to adjust to it - I felt very foggy, and drugged.  I had trouble forming sentences for almost 2 weeks.  It&#039;s a lot better now."
"My wife was administered Compazine after receiving chemo to relieve nausea symptoms. Within 12 hours, she became restless, irritable, felt like her muscles were being ripped out of her body, it caused her to have a 103 fever and diarrhea, coupled with the chemo almost killed her. She ended up in the ICU unconscious and almost died. Our team of doctors told us the was a rare occurrence. From reading the other reviews, and witnessing this first-had. I would advise anyone, if offered this drug to decline. It was truly the biggest nightmare of my wife&#039;s life. On the scale of 1-10 above this survey asked to select how effective this medicine was. Therefor we would give it a 0=ZERO."
"Had a myelogram on a Friday. By Sunday I had the worst headache in my life! Tried to get through the pain but by Monday morning I was told to go to ER. I told them I had a spinal headache, not my typical migraine. They gave me IV fentanyl which calmed it for 20 minutes. They then gave me the &#039;cocktail&#039; of Benadryl, Reglan, and Toradol. Within minutes I was shaking violently and couldn&#039;t control it. It made me so nauseated. I thought I was going to either have a seizure or a heart attack! It didn&#039;t give me any relief at all- not even sleepy. After several unsuccessful pages to anesthesia for a blood patch, I said I had enough and wanted out of there (after more than 6 hours in the ER)."
"I got Liletta inserted in Dec 2015 after being on problem free (for me at least) NuvaRing for 9 years but wanted less estrogen in my BC.
I&rsquo;m 27yo, 5&rsquo;1&rdquo;, approx 115 pounds, half marathoner. 
Pros: No weight gain, stopped periods
Cons: daily headaches, chronic yeast infections (11 months!),  diagnosed w/chronic migraines, severe anxiety, panic attacks, and  brain fog so severe for over a month that Drs thought I was having seizures in my sleep/tumor/MS/etc. , strings made for occasional painful sex for my SO
I saw my GP last week who is convinced Liletta has caused my issues. Had my GYN remove it 19Jun17 and fingers crossed I feel like myself soon"
"I was on this medication for having my period non stop for 6 months. IT MADE ME BLEED MORE! I became anemic. I stopped after 1 month. It made me emotional and I gained about 10 pounds."
"Was almost instant relief and only used it for a day to stop a long nagging cough. I get it every winter."
"I have had trouble with cramping in my stomach and having the urge to use the restroom 5 times a day sometimes diarrhea and sometimes nothing . It was getting to the point where when I would lay down at night, my stomach would start cramping. I eventually had gotten under the grips of anxiety I figured I was WAY too young to have all these complications (I am 19 yrs. old.) so I went to the doctor and told him about my anxiety, stomach cramps, etc. He prescribed me Zoloft and Ativan. They didn&#039;t help at all and I finally hit rock bottom. I went back to the doctor and he prescribed me Bentyl. This drug is a miracle. I finally feel like I can live and breathe again! I don&#039;t have the worries like I had before. THANK YOU BENTYL!!!!!"
"My RA med stripped my Immune System. I was getting sick every mth. My antibody levels were literally going down in sequence over time (5,4,3,2,1..).  Then after 3 months on Hizentria (20%,10mg,50cc, once weekly), the jump in all of my numbers&#039;s was AMAZING! Ex: neg/0 up to 7/8!, etc. I&#039;m NOT getting sick every month! Bonus, they have the BEST Patient Support Programs I&#039;ve ever seen! From P2P support, Monthly CoPay Asst, even some coverage Help if Insurance is Lost!, etc!"
"My Cardiologist prescribed Azor over Enalapril.  In less than a week, I ended up at the hospital with several headaches, tremendous constipation, fainting spells, etc.  Azor is extremely expensive; it might do the job of controlling the blood pressure.  At the same time, it gives the patient 5,000 different side effects.  It should be taken off the market.  Thank you."
"I had been using Ziidra for approximately two weeks when I had a very Acute Asthma attack that has now lasted over eight weeks. I am still very short of breath, having attacks, and I have had to spend a fortune on emergency care, meds, a nebulizer, a HEPA air filter, a HEPA sealed vacuum, and cleaning help. Then three days ago a friend said that she had started using Ziidra an that it had caused severe worsening of her Asthma. It had not even occurred to me that the drops could have been the cause. I stopped them immediately and it remains to be seen if what now seems to be Chronic Severe Asthma will calm down. I had never had anything but situational Asthma before, which a puff of a rescue inhaler would relieve immediately."
"I have been prescribed all types of sleeping aides and have found this to work the best.  I seem to have &quot;hangovers&quot; from most of the other meds, or they stop working.  I can take this at any time of the night and wake up feeling refreshed."
"This drug is great, however the first two weeks I had trouble staying awake in the morning and at night. I also had trouble waking up in the morning the first week. Once that was over though, I felt like my old self."
"I&#039;m a retired land surveyor that worked for many years in Florida. I have been searching for this name of this medicine for years.  My condition had returned after 30  years and I account that to the Michigan swamps 5 years ago.  Well I&#039;ll say short of cutting off your lower torso, nothing works on this condition.  Dermatologists, doctors and MD&#039;s all give the standard non hydro-creams and powders.  They only head the danger times but do not cure. Vietnam Vet pharmacist help me out on Fulvicin.  Now I must spell it for my Michigan Doctor. GOD bless those who served."
"For several months suffered debilitating migraines daily. My tongue went numb on the right side arms going dead on a night. I suffer with chiari malformation and a brain cyst multiple issues. Ok received 5mg of this today only took 5mg and my brain pressure relieved within 1 hour. Its the first time in months I&#039;ve felt at ease. Doctors won&#039;t accept I&#039;ve issues with chiari and the brain cyst and are refusing a brain scan follow up. I have the feeling of my brain dropping 50 times an hour mainly on a night. I&#039;m really hoping the brain drop feeling relieves tonight while sleeping. I&#039;VE HAD A GOOD 6 HOURS FIRST TIME IN NEARLY 16 MONTHS! A blessing is this for me..."
"I have chronic interstitial cystitis (not sure on spelling) also called painful bladder syndrome.  It is like a urinary tract infection times 10. I have to go to bathroom any where from every 30 minutes up to 2 times every 2 hours. So it can be a problem if I&#039;m away from home. If I take my Xanax 0.5mg, I usually don&#039;t have to go to bathroom but once every 3 or 4 hrs and since it hurts so bad to urinate and plus I can get sleep at night with not having to go every hour. It has been such a relief.  I rate it a 9. My doctor has it written 1 or 2 every 8 hours as needed, but I try to only take it at night. I&#039;m very cautious."
"Bipolar, ADHD, OCD, etc. Many of the symptoms overlap and crossover into each other and others as well. Depression is found in each condition, and I find for myself that depression is by far the most debilitating condition of all. I first tried Paxil 12 years ago for depression and anxiety. The Paxil worked great. The side effects included a little nausea (which is basically eliminated by eating something with or soon after taking the med) and some sexual issues (which I believe can be negotiated after you get used to the Paxil). I quit taking it when I switched insurance and because of the perceived stigma I had with taking anything for conditions I didn&#039;t want to even acknowledge. Now I&#039;m back on it and will keep it up!"
"Holy Hell this drugs sucks! I was prescribed pills 2x a day for 3 days.  My first was fine, but when I took the 2nd at night after I had eaten before bed that changed. Am I the only one who feels like they have something caught in their throat? Every time I drink or eat something I literally spit it up. Not puking its more regurgitating. Like I can&#039;t eat? I took 3rd pill thinking maybe I drank too much water and will try again. I could barely swallow pill and spit up food again! Then I started having tunnel vision and feeling clammy and nervous. I am also constipated so that&#039;s awesome. I went in to doctor and I am pretty sure he thinks I am crazy and mental. I stopped taking it, but I still can&#039;t eat and I am still a bit dizzy at times."
"I am pre-diabetic and I take 1000 mg Metformin 2x a day and started Trulicity as my A1C was 5.9 and I have non-active lifestyle and 45lbs over my goal weight. Over the past 18 weeks, I have lost 31 lbs at about 1-2 lbs a week.  No adverse effects from Trulicity except for light headedness once and a while and the site of the injection itching.  It has caused to change my eating habits as I feel as my stomach as been reduced.  I started coming off my HDL medication and expect to terminate my HPB medication at my next doctor&#039;s visit.  I would suggest to hang in there.  I tried lots of injectors, this is the first one to work so well and produce great results. My Metformin was also cut in half, AIC now 3.8, as when I was 22 yrs old."
"This med stopped my pain for longer periods of time."
"I started taking Seasonique about 10 months ago. It&#039;s worked quite well. My acne isn&#039;t as bad as it used to be. I am a little bit more moody but I can cope with that. I do have some spotting in the middle of the three months but its only like a weekish at the most but overall I think its better then having 12 periods a year."
"Unfortunately this medication did absolutely nothing to help me. I spent 4 days in misery just waiting for it to &quot;kick in&quot;... Went back to Imodium Multi-Symptom &amp; MUCH better already. Hope somebody else has better luck with this drug. Luckily my doc had a ton of samples so I didn&#039;t have to pay for it."
"Took nizoral and my GI distress symptoms resolved, all toenails cleared of fungus growth symptoms including big toenails fell off and new healthy ones replaced, and scalp cleared up from dandruff."
"I took it for 5 months under prescription because of work related anxiety and developing sleeping disorder. The side effects: low mental capacity, low will power, emotionally dead, no libido, and memory and concentration impairment, and really feeling down.  My psychiatrist insisted that the side effects are actually manifestations of my anxiety. But my mental and emotional health were going down. &quot;It will work eventually&quot; he said on our last meeting. One day l  crashed my car against a wall. I stopped immediately the medication, went through one week or so of withdrawal hell. I quit my job, went on a holiday and never took a pill again. It took me two years to restore my abilities, partly because of anxiety, but mostly of Zoloft."
"i have suffered for many, many years with major depressive disorder among others  I have tried way too many different drugs to alleviate my symptoms.  While most meds helped to some degree it was rather like putting a bandaid on a hemorrhaging aorta.  Since I have started on only 25 mg of amitriptyline my life has turned around. I feel like my old self.  I never dreamed i would have the opportunity to feel so &quot;normal&quot;.  The years were flying by and I thought my lot in life was to get by with my bandaid firmly affixed.  Now I am strong emotionally and whatever has come down the pike has not paralyzed my being.  I am thrilled and grateful that my Psych let me try this.  At 69 (and a half) i truly have a new lease on the rest of my life.  "
"Okay"
"Absolutely terrible experience on tirosint - landed in ER with chest pains, dizziness, extremely disoriented."
"I started this pill when I was 22. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 years now and I&#039;m very pleased with it. I was nervous about starting birth control because of all the side effects you hear about. But I have not gained weight, I don&#039;t have mood swings. Nothing negative. I had bad periods/cramps before and they are gone. I don&#039;t really get a period anymore. Which I&#039;m happy with. It&#039;s worth trying if you want a low dose birth control and you have bad periods. Also there are coupons online so it&#039;s not so expensive. It was $25 a month. Now it&#039;s $25 for 3 months."
"I started taking risperidone when I was 15. It does take away the delusions and mood swings, but it leaves me with anxiety and dulls me out to the point where I don&#039;t feel like really socializing at all. I&#039;ve tried other medicines like Zyprexa and Geodon and they either do the same thing or have another bad effect on me. I&#039;m 20 now and still haven&#039;t really found a medicine that works. I think whatever they put in antipsychotics just doesn&#039;t agree with me."
"2nd injection in my knees and feel 35% less pain 
but I am sooo I&#039;ll
inj in both knees each friday, by Saturday 5pm I have outrageous headache nausea
dizziness. 
Very tough thru the night vomitting.
my stomach Hurts. 
Continues all sunday and monday till around 1pm

Two weeks in a row now and missed work because of it..not sure if I can continue injections"
"I have been on Lexapro, Remeron, Citalopram, and now I am on Zoloft and Xanax for my anxiety and depression. I have been taking Zoloft for 3 days, and I am taking half of my 50mg dose for a week as the doctor said. The first day I took it I felt a sense that I was on top of the world, I didn&#039;t have any problems talking to people as I used to. I&#039;m not sure if this was placebo, or if this drug is actually working. None of the other pills had worked for me. So far I have not experienced any changes in libido, but I have noticed my palms get clammy more than they used to. I am going to stick with this one for awhile."
"I was taking linzess for the better part of three years it did the job but had major AEs. I experienced bloating, weight gain and the biggest problem for me was stomach pains. My GI doc switched me over to trulance about 30 days ago and as of now not having any AEs. I hope it continues to work this well."
"I absolutely LOVE this medication.  I have COPD, so when I get a cold/allergies, I can, at times, have a terrible cough.  This is the greatest relief for me."
"Many years ago I was diagnosed with bipolar ll. Lithium was my doctor&#039;s first choice. Not even sure how effective it was. The side effects were awful. I could not work, I lost down to 95 pounds. I was so weak I had difficulty climbing stairs. I shook so bad I could not sign my own name. Then my doctor started to add all sorts of medicines to counteract the side effects. I became hypothyroid had to take medicines for that, tremor had to take medicines for that (didn&#039;t work well). Dr. decreased dose (didn&#039;t help much). I was on leave from work for 12 weeks. Finally stopped the lithium. It took awhile for my Dr. to believe my problems with this medicine because they were not typical. Those 12 weeks were the worst."
"I have been on this medicine for several years.  I have anxiety and Lexapro works really good but don&#039;t miss a dose or try to wean yourself off.  It makes you dizzy and you get these Zaps; to my tongue and down my arm.  I am still not off it and went back to my normal dose.  Beware of weight gain, I eat very health and get pretty good physical activity and the weight just keeps creeping up.  Good luck!  "
"Had dark lines in my forehead from the clippers burning my skin. On my 8th day and the cuts have vanished about 70%. I used all types of creams and nothing worked. Triluma is the best. I would recommend this to anyone with dark spots. "
"I chose Implanon because it lasts for 3 years, and I am terrible at remembering to take pills. I had it inserted July 2011, it has been 4 months. The procedure itself was easy, I was impressed with how little discomfort I felt. The area was slightly tender for a few days, but honestly once it was inserted. I can feel it in my arm, but you can&#039;t see it at all. I have not had a period since, and have had minor cramping, but this is normal for my body, was the same when I was on the pill. I have gained weight, 10 pounds. This could be a mix of things (traveling a lot), not just Implanon, and I am now working out like a mad woman and eating clean. Hopefully it comes off! I give Implanon 9 out of 10."
"This medicine helped for fibromyalgia but caused hallucinations and fatigue."
"Diagnosed with Bipolar II and Schizophrenia. At first this was the wonder drug. Now, as I&#039;m 1 year into it, my daily functionality has significantly decreased. I take this with 50mg Vyvanse just to wake up enough to work. I can&#039;t verbally communicate any more, even with friends or my wife. It&#039;s affecting my work. My tongue clicks and my legs shake uncontrollably. No motivation. No emotional reactions except strong anger outbursts. I will sleep 18+ hrs a day if I can."
"I took the two pills at one time and didnt have any problem with it. It has been 5 days since i took it and i feel fine."
"I felt less pain but the side effects were NOT worth it. I ended up becoming very depressed and apathetic and slept for 12+ hours a day, missed work, didn&#039;t clean or eat. I was taken off after I crashed my car."
"At first, I didn&#039;t have any problems with this. No nausea, no weight gain, there wasn&#039;t really a change in the amount of acne I had. I was told it would help reduce cramps and amount of blood during my period, but it actually did the exact opposite. Cramps were horrible, my stomach was quite swollen, and the length of my period was increased and the blood flow was horribly heavy. I was told it could happen on occasion, but it was rare, so it&#039;s a bit unfortunate I had that reaction to it. At least it prevented pregnancy."
"I took remeron (mirtazapine) for about a year until I decided I needed something to give me more energy. I started 75 mg in the morning after eating. In a week I could already feel a difference in my mood and energy. Even my friends and family have noticed a difference in me. I didn&#039;t realize how numb I had been on remeron. I&#039;m finally getting back to myself and I couldn&#039;t be happier. My depression and anxiety has been getting better thank God. The only complaint about this medicine is that if you forget to take it, even just one day, you get headaches, feel nauseous, or dizzy."
"I&#039;ve been using this pill for three weeks now. I&#039;ve experienced no side effects at all. No nausea, headaches, cramps, weight gain or spotting. It doesn&#039;t feel like anything has changed. Actually I think I noticed mild mood swings. I can get really mad from a small comment. My period should start any day now so I&#039;m curious to see if it will be lighter with less cramps."
"I&#039;ve struggled with migraines since I was a child and have manged mostly on Excedrin until age 30 when I first tried Imitrex. The combination helps me but the frequency of my migraines (2-3x) made me seek out a neurologist for preventative medication. I&#039;ve been on Pamelor for only a week and stopped taking it last night because I couldn&#039;t take the side effects anymore: fast heart rate, major heartburn (a burning feeling that reaches up my chest, throat and head), nausea, constipation, blurred vision, anxiety, fatigue, ringing ears. In that week, I had only 1 migraine and had 5 headaches. For me, any potential mitigation of future migraines isn&#039;t worth dealing with these side effects. I&#039;m miserable and it&#039;s interfering with work and life."
"This drug changed my life- I would have to take 4 hour naps during the day, on top of 8-10 hours of sleep in order to get through a
a day but now I can stay awake and it helps me FOCUS. Upon taking it I feel an overwhelming sense of positivity almost a &quot;high&quot; and it lasts for hours. I can accomplish anything I want to. The drug lasts for the whole work day and I&#039;m back to being my sleepy self by night time. I take 60mg and weigh 145. I would definitely recommend this drug."
"The patch worked but the extreme dry mouth side effect was unbearable!  In fact, 8 months after not using the patch anymore I still struggle with dry mouth!  When does it go away?"
"Tastes great."
"Leg/foot cramps stopped - hair stopped falling out - joint (knee) pain considerably better - more energy.  I had no idea I was deficient since I live in Southern Arizona and am in the sun a LOT - plus I was taking 2,000IU of a good (Carlson) supplement.  I highly recommend this product"
"I have been using Miralax and psillium every night for about a year and wanted to try Linzess, but my doctor was hesitant to let me try it.  Possible side effects.  Anyway, after some reasearch, I realized the Nexium I have been using causes a Magnesium deficiency.  So now I take a multi-mineral capsule and a 500mg Magnesium capsule 3 times a day with meals.  I have been able to cut back on my chemical medications and have some hope that I will be able to get off them completely by adjusting my mineral intake.  Try this, because your bowels cannot function without enough minerals."
"I have used Byetta now for about 2 weeks.  No significant side effects other than weight loss, which is a good thing.  Injection is simple and painless...easier than doing blood tests for my glucose meter.  Has reduced my fasting glucose by about 10%."
"I had great results for the first several months. I now have been injecting for a year now, and I do have several spots that will not clear up and have even gotten worse. On the other hand a lot has cleared up. "
"Caused me to bleed for 2 weeks a month. When first inserted, I was an emotional wreck for the first few weeks...  Mood changes, no drive. Will have this removed"
"Topamax literally saved my life! I have been getting headaches often since I was 14 or so. They progressed to full blown migraines after my 3rd child (I was 28 in 2004)and increased from there. By 2008/2009 they had gotten so bad I was literally having paralysis on the left side of my face, could not keep my eyes open at all, severe vomiting. Once I had one there was no driving or I&#039;d run off the road. Thankfully after getting no relief from several medications &amp; including visits to the ER, ENT, and neurologist to try and figure out something... I was prescribed Topamax. Use 50mg a day with 2 Aleve &amp; 500mg Magnesium. Pretty much wiped out my migraines. Got pretty much all the side effects...who cares? I&#039;m not suffering everyday anymore. :)"
"My doctor recommended I buy abrevea. I used it several times and it did temporarily help with the pain however when I woke up in the morning  my sore was gooey and looked like it had melted all over it cause it to spread on other parts of my lip."
"I am 33 weeks pregnant I used monistat one and within three hours I was so swollen that I was closed up. My labia started bleeding and still is along with the swelling. Had to go to the doctor and come to find out that the monistat was not only ineffective but now I get to take medication that can put my unborn child at risk!!!! Thanks for nothing Monistat now I&#039;m bleeding, swollen, in pain, and risking an unborn child&#039;s life!!! I DONT EVEN WANT TO GIVE YOU A 1 YOU DESERVE A NEGATIVE 10!!!!!!!!"
"I have being on Byetta 5mcg&amp;Lantus 3mths I&#039;ve had constant nausea which varies in severity. I haven&#039;t had a reduction of bgl they are still quiet high; I am not at all sure whether both meds have really worked for me over the past 3mths&amp;my diabetic educator thinks the same&amp;my endocrinologist will most likely change my meds altogether next review. In one week i&#039;m going on 10mcg...I hope that it works but not holding my breath - I&#039;ve never had the brilliant results that others on here have had - the nausea has never gone away but the earlier dizziness did...although it hasn&#039;t worked for me I believe that it&#039;s worth trying, I did have hopes that worked for me, there are other meds &amp; I will get my bgl&#039;s in a normal range&amp;lower my HbA1c"
"It was a heat of the moment thing and we went unprotected. Not too smart, but it happens. Took Plan B One Step less than an hour later. Like you, I was anxious and jumped into reading reviews and began the waiting game. The second day I felt dizzy, nauseated, and sleepy, but it didn&#039;t kill me. For those wondering,I&#039;m 5&#039;3, 145 lbs, and never took birth control before. Just relax, even if you don&#039;t feel it, this is working. Easier said than done, I know. My period came a few days earlier than expected and heavier, but I&#039;ve never been so happy to see it!"
"Really started a strong stream with no dribbling after a week. Get dizzy, tired most of the day, no erection without Cialis, retrograde ejaculation (climax feeling is good), and have had draining sinuses for the year I have taken Flomax. Time to see if there is something else or have a TURP."
"It works well for Meniere&#039;s disease aka as vertigo but does absolutely nothing for my anxiety/panic attacks. I have been on 7.5 mg twice a day for 7 months prior I was on 5mg twice a day. I gave it a 4 because it helps the Meniere&#039;s but not the anxiety. I was also put on Zoloft but had to stop after 14 days do to side effects. I was only on 12.5mg tried 25mg and had horrible side effects."
"i am in  end stage copd  i could not get thought a day untill i started this drug  had a few side effects 
but well worth it i fell like me 20 years ago and i don&#039;t sit around feeling sorry for my self any more"
"After being diagnosed with MS I started on rebif injections which I continued with for a year and a half. I spent six days of the week with flu like symptoms. To be on rebif I had to stop taking warfarin which I need to help with another condition. 7.5 years ago I was switched to tysabri so I could once again take warfarin at the same time. That was the best thing that happened. I&#039;m no longer feeling dreadful for the majority of the week and in fact suffer no symptoms. I&#039;m fortunate that I&#039;m jc negative and that the government here covers the cost of my infusions and best of all had no flare ups since I started on tysabri."
"I&#039;ve been on it for a year and half and absolutely LOVE IT! I had no weight gain, my hormones seem stable, I haven&#039;t had any problems whatsoever. I would recommend this to anyone who can&#039;t remember to take the pill or doesn&#039;t wanna do the shot. LOVE IT, HIGHLY RECOMMEND."
"My anxiety didn&#039;t really cease when I was on this medication. I didn&#039;t feel the effects that others have described, but once I got on the non XR I was able to attend school, go to the grocery store, do all the normal things that people without severe anxiety can do."
"It seems that the single day/dose medication (4 pills in one day) seems to have less severe side effects than your long treatments (7-10 day). I was diagnosed with BV and I was prescribed Metronidazole (flagyl) with 4 pills. I took two at first because I didn&#039;t know how the side effects would effect me but I felt nothing, so I took the other two pills two hours later and still, I feel fine. Maybe a little pain in my abdomen, but if you&#039;ve ever slept on a bad mattress, the feeling is something of that sort. Not bad. Woke up this morning and my discharge seems to be gone and the itch as well. Now all I&#039;m doing is making sure I don&#039;t develope a yeast infection by wearing loose clothing, drinking lots of water/ cranberry juice &amp; eating yogurt."
"After about 8 days of being on Dilantin, I had a horrible allergic reaction. I woke up at like 4:30 with unbearably itchy hives that literally covered my whole body....face, shoulders, chest, stomach, back, buttocks &amp; legs....even on the backs of my hands and feet, with a few spots on the palm of my hand. It sucked, needless to say. It also made me really tired all day, even though I&#039;d take it at night. I&#039;m now starting on KEPPRA. Hope it works."
"Started Lo to manage Perimenopause symptoms. At first it made me bleed a lot, gave me terrible cramps and made me cry for two days straight. About one month in my peri symptoms got much better! I feel like myself again. And as of right now I do not have negative side effects."
"I have been on Klonopin for a few years now for anxiety/panic attack issues. Dosage = 1 mg 3 x day and as needed. It has been extremely effective without side effects like making me feel really tired. In fact, I don&#039;t really seem to notice any side effects."
"I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen because this is what I received from the health department for free when I didn&#039;t have insurance and was a poor full time student. I was taking this for about 4 years. The best thing about it is that I never got pregnant. However, I had extremely heavy periods lasting 5-6 days until it was finished completely; painful cramps, spotting lightly at times, spotting heavily; mood swings; fatigue and recurrent yeast infections. I finally made it back to my regular OBGYN after getting insurance again and she placed me on Beyaz. So far so good."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was 16 to help with my cramps and PMS. I&#039;m 21 and recently switched to this birth control because of insurance coverage. I gained 20 pounds, extreme drowsy-ness, always tired, a lot of spotty and terrible acne which I&#039;ve never had before. The estrogen levels are too high and I don&#039;t recommend this pill"
"Can&#039;t adequately give enough praise to Belviq.  My friend said try it there&#039;s a free coupon.  Other stories said it doesn&#039;t work, don&#039;t bother.  Lowered my expectations. Used it for two weeks, lost ten pounds and quit smoking.  Good grief!  What?  Used to smoke 2-packs a day for 25 years. Tried other smoking medications but felt like hell so quit those but not smoking.  Belviq and phentermine makes me feel 20 again. I drink more water. It&#039;s over a year later.  Without Belviq?  I&#039;d still be smoking and suffering through weird food diets. I do anything I want and enjoy life all day long with this, every day. No willpower needed. Don&#039;t get hungry, don&#039;t miss smokes, and no exercise necessary.  Haha.  Miracle. Grateful."
"This medicine, taken in the throes of suicidal ideation changes your thoughts, literally.  After taking an additional 20mg cap, my mind wanders to other, more immediate issues such as things I can do to help myself.  I start thinking about doing activities such as housework, baking, painting, and anything else that gets me back into life and out of my chair playing computer games by the hour.  I think this med is miraculous in the way it draws one away from the depths of despair to functionality.  I have been taking it for several years, prescribed off-brand for clinical depression and have been continually amazed that someone could create a medication that does so much good with virtually no downside.  No hair loss, no weight gain."
"I have been on Nuvaring for a little over a year and haven&#039;t had any problems until the past couple of months.  I&#039;ve had mood swings, felt very depressed and gained weight.  Also I have had heavier periods.  A couple of times I have completely bled through a tampon in less than an hour.  I am looking to switch birth controls or going off completely."
"I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon bar in my arm for about 14 months now. If I could warn every woman on earth about this hideous I implant, I would! I am not exaggerating when I say that this implant has ruined my life. Massive multiple times a week migraines, rapid weight gain (50lbs in 14 months), major mood swings and anxiety, random chest pain, random gushes of blood which makes me think I&#039;m having a cycle then it just stop, it has zapped all my energy.. This thing is a nightmare. I get it out in 3 weeks which can&#039;t come soon enough. I do not wish this on my worst enemy. I have thought about taking it out myself on numerous occasions! DO NOT get this form of birth control, please just don&#039;t. I don&#039;t want anyone to go through what I have."
"I was diagnosed with a bladder infection and had been given the script for Macrobid. Right after taking the first pill I had the worst headache that NOTHING would help. I did take a 2nd pill and that about put me down with the headache. I took Advil, Tylenol. I ended up taking a Tramadol which helped a little. I felt very weak, out of sorts, nausea, NO appetite, gassy stomach and my neck hurt like crazy. Over all I felt like I had a real bad case of the flu. I also want to mention that I had extreme anxiety. I am already OCD and this medication magnified everything. I would rather suffer from the bladder infection than go through this again. I thought Bactrim was bad. The ONLY thing Macrobid helped with was my low grade fever."
"Had no life at all except pain and overwhelming fatigue for 10 years.  Visited many doctors with no help at all. I am a scientist began tracking medicines that were in the pipeline - came across Provigil, looked like it was the one for me.  When it became available I was first in line.  changed my life completely; I was normal again; I could produce again and did to a stunning degree. 3 weeks ago, after 8 years, Provigil completely stopped working. I know all the obvious reasons but makes no sense, I am again existing with no quality to go forward. Am manically changing to Adderall while I try to figure this out."
"As far as the birth control working, it does. I got it in May of 2015 and I have not had a period since then and didn&#039;t get pregnant. It&#039;s convenient. 

I had it removed because I delevoped HORRIBLE acne it&#039;s never been a problem until the birth control. Also I couldnt seem to loose weight before the pill I lost 70 pounds and I couldnt seem to loose any weight and did what my nutritionist and personal trainer told me. Once getting off my face cleared and I&#039;m finally loosing my weight again."
"I&#039;ve had rheumatoid arthritis for 18 years with both hips and one knee replaced. I do very well and remain active on 5 Norco (10/325) in 24 hours. I rarely need it at night. Doctors are under pressure to reduce hydrocodone because they are prone to abuse. My doctor keeps trying to cut me back, first to 4 and next to 3. Nothing else works as well for me. It has less acetaminophen than Vicodin. I&#039;m becoming depressed and less active because I can&#039;t control the pain. I wonder if others are experiencing this."
"This drug is great for calming you down I&#039;ve been on 40mg a day and the side affects are horrendous trying to wean myself off them 1st day I took it I had blurred vision I&#039;ve had aching in my left arm since I started taking it feel worse the only good thing is it calms you down but the side affects are not worth it"
"I am prescribed 100mg before bed for insomnia.  It only works for me if I wait to take it when I am very sleepy, RIGHT before bed.  If I take it too early, I feel lightly stoned, and hungry, but can stay awake.  It sometimes helps knock me out for 4-5 hours, if I&#039;m lucky 6 hours at most."
"Risperdal did not eliminate my symptoms but it did make coping with the symptoms easier.  It also made me sleep extremely deeply at night so that someone who tried wasn&#039;t able to wake me up at all.  It could be due to low blood pressure but most likely because I have a low tolerance to sedative medications.  I was not able to take it during the day when I needed to the most, when my symptoms were at their worst, due to the sedative side effects.  I did find that using a 0.5mg dose was mildly helpful for daytime treatment of symptoms and was not severely sedative, allowing me to function normally."
"I have been using Aviane for almost 4 years. It works well for me! No mood swings, short periods, no acne. And most of all I&#039;m not pregnant. My breasts never grew though."
"I have been on oxycontin for the past 7 years, but my pain had been increasing more and more over the in the past few months.  I discussed my lack of pain control and he mentioned Belbuca.  We discussed all of the pros and cons.  

I tried Belbuca and during the first two  weeks, it was a bit hairy. I may have been a bit apprehensive, so I didn&#039;t think it was working.  On the third week, my pain subsided, with Norco for breakthrough pain.    

I didn&#039;t like the idea of being on oxycontin for such a long time, and Belbuca gives me pain relief I do desperately needed."
"Started with 30 mg. First day taking it was ok but from day two until now I have had crippling diarrhea, wicked headaches and nausea. Stopping this nasty medicine today. 
Unbelievable that I had to change doctors and I told the what had worked for me. Lexapro and Alprazolam. But these doctors think they know best."
"I m 36 years old and in the last 5 months I have had terrible severe acne in the chin area. Two weeks ago my doctor prescribed Aczone to me and it is working. There are no new ones as I used to have 1-2 new pumps everyday. So happy with the cream. I&#039;m taking another cream called Retin-A-Micro and antibiotic."
"I haven&#039;t had a full on cold sore in 10 years. All due to Abreva. As soon as I feel that warm feeling and see a little red on my lip I apply it and an hour later it&#039;s gone. I keep a tube at home and in my car.  I&#039;ll even apply some before a big date or event just in case. This stuff is amazing.  I deal with clients daily, a cold sore is a deal breaker. Miracle."
"My type of acne was small bumbs all over my forehead and not even kidding benzaclin stated working overnight after my first use! Completely dried up my acne and my skins been perfect since I have used it"
"I have had minimum side effects."
"Its awesome .... Lessened my problems upto 70"
"I saw very little improvement and I became ill while on the medication. It just didn&#039;t work for me. I was on it for 6 months and my plaques weren&#039;t going away."
"I have been taking Avonex for close to 16 years and my biggest fear in the world is losing access to it. I started on Betaseron but had to stop because of injection site reactions and severe flu symptoms.  I had been through everything. Complete invalidity, lying in a hospital bed to basically healthy with no noticeable symptoms at all. But since being on the Avonex, I have only very minor exacerbations , less than one per year. In the last 10+ years, I have not missed any work or cancelled any vacations for MS issues. My only problem is the cost."
"I had my nexplanon inserted in May of 2016 and I am loving it! I had bleeding for about a month that was constant, but very light. It is August 6th of 2016 now and I just had a 3 day period. I have no horrible cramps, no headaches, and no nausea. This was the best thing that I have ever done."
"This medicine helps me a lot. I have also found a good side effect from the drug. I feel much better and more active and motivated."
"My daughter takes Lamictal. At first the doctor had to increase the dose, but now she is okay and no seizures at all for about nine months."
"After 15 years of incorrect medication, the last 2 being a roulette of 12 different meds, my life is amazing. I take 175 mg plus a 159 mg Wellbutrin kicker. These coupled with 900 mg of Li each night (and 100 mg trazadone), I am allowed to be the wife, mother and teacher I knew I could be. I was an extremely rapid cycling Bipolar 2 (even daily swings) and for almost a year now, I am a normal person.  I will also stress that CBT is just as important as the meds.  Many people on this site having negative effects are on really high doses -maybe this is the problem? I get many side effects from all meds and now they are minor. (FYI, Lamo works with the neurotransmitter glutamate and not sere, norep, or dope - BP is not depression)"
"The 3 months I had the implant in were the worst of my life. Made me so emotional and tearful I was constantly sad, even crying at my part time job in front of managers, despite having no reason to cry. I would take out this sadness and anxiety on my boyfriend, who luckily is very understanding and put up with me. Constant tiredness and mood swings as well, and in the last week of having it I was feeling sick all the time meaning I had to miss work. Have had it out just now, and already feeling better ! Would recommend trying the pill first then if that goes well consider getting the implant, as I went straight from nothing to the implant potentially causing all this."
"I was taking cipralex/lexapro for a little over a month. It really helped my depression but gave me minor erectile dysfunction, delayed orgasm and blocked orgasm. This was not worth staying on the drug. I have switched to trintillex and now my mood is still great and all the sexual problems are gone, great drug"
"I was 53 years old living a normal happy life when my son (then 18) was diagnosed with major depression. A few weeks later he had a psychotic episode and he left my life out of the blue severing all contact with me ever since. This had a serious effect on my mental health and within 3 months I started having anxiety or panic attacks. I did not know what they were. It was all novel to me. After a few difficult months I went to a psychiatrist and he put me on alprazolam (Xanax) in a reduced dosage of 0.25 mg as necessary. It did provide serious relief. I take it no more than once a day at most. It was a life saver. Yet it deals with the symptoms of anxiety it doesn&#039;t resolve your underlying issues. Yet it was a fantastic help. Recommended."
"I have been taking fioricet for about a year now for migraines. And it works great"
"I&#039;m 22, no kids and I just got the Skyla inserted yesterday 2/4/16. I read all these horror stories online and made myself extremely nervous! The whole experience took about 15min from signing in to waiting my turn to the actual insertion to walking out the door. The insertion was very painful but lasted only 30secs! I cramped all day after but nothing ibufrofen couldn&#039;t help. I spotted for a few hours. Used a heating pad to help with the cramps. I switched to skyla from depo and I&#039;m hoping I made the right choice. Only on day two so I will update when I got back for my follow up."
"I have been on Apri for a month now, and I can NOT wait until Sunday to switch back to my brand name birthcontrol. This month has been a nightmare for my body. Yes, I know, usually if you switch birthcontrol things may change for your body but I was told that this was the EXACT same thing as my other brand name birthcontrol and that the only difference is that I wouldn&#039;t have to pay out of pocket. Which is weird because I didn&#039;t pay out of pocket for my brand name birth control.. Anyways, within the first week I had acne all over my face. and right now. I have hundreds of little red bumps on my forehead. I honestly have not broken out this bad since freshman year of highschool...I&#039;m 22 now. Each to their own but for me, Apri is a no no."
"I was on this for a year and experienced weight gain, loss of sex drive, depression, thinning hair, and my hormone levels dropped (estrogen, testosterone, cortisol). For me it isn&#039;t worth all of the horrible side effects experienced."
"So far this is one of the best medications that I have tried for my headaches."
"I had my Mirena inserted this morning. I was not on my period, was not prescribed any medication to dilate my cervix, and have never had children. It is now 11:00 am and the device was inserted at 9:15 am. I am feeling fine and cramping less than when I am on my period. As far as the insertion goes, my doctor told me there would be a pinch and then a big cramp.  The pinch lasted longer than I expected, maybe 90 seconds, but was not at all unbearable.  When she told me the big cramp was coming she was not kidding. I felt a deep heavy cramp for about 30 seconds. I held my breath. "
"I&#039;ve been using Desogen for one month now and so far it&#039;s been great. I haven&#039;t had any complications. I&#039;m really satisfied with it."
"I personally love it. Great stuff"
"I began taking Viibryd at the suggestion of my doc to use in addition to bupropion. After having been prescribed different antidepressants, the one drug that seemed to work to mostly maintain my mood was Wellbutrin. Though it worked well, from time to time crippling depressive episodes would bleed through. I have been taking 10 mg Viibryd with 150 mg bupropion per day and that works very well for me. I haven&#039;t had a single episode that I couldn&#039;t deal with even having gone through a death in my family and financial upheaval."
"I started a workout program in February 2016 and was doing well by losing 50 lbs over 8 months.  Like most of us though I wanted more.  I took Saxenda for 6 weeks starting November 1 2016 and lost 14 lbs in the first few weeks.  Appetite was really suppressed and the last 2 weeks I was extremely tired.  I spoke to my Dr about cycling on and off as I noticed the weight loss had stopped once I hit 14 lbs.  I went off Saxenda for 3 weeks and began again at the beginning of January and am down an additional 15 lbs.  I will continue for another week and then cycle off for 3 weeks again and start over.  I find the appetite and energy side effect kicks in around 4 weeks so by cycling on and off I can avoid those effects and maximize the weightloss"
"I&#039;ve tried several antidepressants for anxiety and depression with moderate success, however this one takes the cake for being absolutely awful. Within hours of taking it, I experienced my depression returning. I noticed a pattern that every single time I took a dose of this medication (even at the lowest dose of 10mg) I had dark thoughts, low moods, and even sporadic suicidal thoughts. I did a test and did not take this medication for one day. It was like a night/day difference. No gloomy thoughts at all! I also want to mention that I can generally tolerate most antidepressants, however I would beware of this one. This medication may work for some, but it really did not work for me."
"I have been on Amlodipine for a month and I feel so tired. I have aching muscles also. I work out at my gym like always but by 12 noon I am so tired, have a headache, swollen feet, ankles and sometimes hands, swelling varies with the worst by evening. I am now getting so hot. My blood pressure is good though. I will call my new Doctor tomorrow and discuss all this as I can&#039;t imagine feeling so bad every day."
"I&#039;ve literally been taking Lutera for three days now, and I HATE IT. My back hurts so unbelievable bad I can barely walk, I&#039;m so nauseous, tired, terribly tired all the time and I already have period cramps. I&#039;m hesitant to stay on this for a few months because I know it hasn&#039;t fully adjusted with me yet, but at the same time this back pain is not something I&#039;m gonna be able to handle everyday. My back never used to hurt, and now I finally get what people mean when they say &quot;my back hurts so bad I can&#039;t breath&quot; "
"I%u2019m 37 and I had been suffering from panic disorder since I was 25 and this works great for anxiety."
"I had the nexaplanon inserted back in 2013 after I have my daughter. My period has completely stop , I only experience a little spotting sometimes. The nexaplanon is very effective! My fianc"
"Took this for my ankylosing spondylitis. By week two ankle, toe and hand pain lessened. The 5 knives I felt stabbing and twisting along my spine from neck to sacrum were gone by week three. The inflammation, aching and stiffness is still a problem at this point. I didn&#039;t think this medication would work this quickly and I&#039;m hoping it continues to relieve even more pain. If so I will give it a ten!"
"I have panic disorder and generalized anxiety. I take 1 to 2 mg sublingually when fighting anxiety or at the onset of a panic attack. I took one at the onset of an attack this morning, and within 5 minutes I could breathe again, my hands returned to normal temperature, and I was able to focus on getting the kids ready for school. I&#039;m glad that 1mg is strong enough to prevent an attack, and that it doesn&#039;t dope me up - just calms me down and eases the physical issues."
"A little over month ago, I was in a dark place. I was having horrific thoughts that were consuming me. Waking up in a panic with a constant nervous feeling. I had zero patience for my kids in fact I did not want to be around them or alone with them. I was constantly upset and teary. I was so against medication and did everything to avoid it. I would visit these forums over and over. I have been on Sertraline for approx a month now. I built up from 12.5mg to 50mg and this drug has saved my life. It really is a miracle. Although I did get side effects to begin with, it was all worth it to feel happy again."
"I have yet to figure this medication out.  I have been on it for about 15 days.  I take it when I first wake up with 16 ounces of water.  I always wait AT LEAST 30 minutes to eat, often much longer.  Some days, I have very bad diarrhea from it and other days I have some passing cramps with no bowel movement it all.  Without it, I can&#039;t really have a bowel movement on my own so this beats that but still, I wish it worked a little better.  Running to the bathroom while at work, hoping I make it is not an ideal outcome. I did have the $30 co-pay card from my doctor so that helped with the cost but I think it&#039;s only good for one month."
"I&#039;m gonna&#039; make this simple. I took spironolactone and lived happily ever after PERIOD. (God willing)
OK fine, I&#039;ll elaborate.
-Age: 35. 
-Chin acne sufferer.
-Tried A-Z of meds/birth control pills.
-Used Accutane as a teen. Worked until adulthood.
-Taking spiro @ 25mg (half of one pill): No initial breakout. No spotting. No period issues. Instant clearing of skin and no joke. 
-Side effects: I pee a lot...so what? 
-Not on the bcp with it, just spiro by itself.
FYI I took spiro a year ago before for 5 months @ 50mg a day with same great results but stopped because I had intense breast tenderness. Boohoo, I should have just lowered my dosage but I was stupid. 
-spiro worked for me but if it doesn&#039;t for you, don&#039;t give up."
"From infancy to my 50&#039;s, I&#039;ve used it all- phenothalein laxatives, castor oil, fiber, Miralax, enemas, bisacodyl, exercise, hydration, Zelnorm while it was available, and on and on.  Only the phenothalien/old Ex-lax formula laxatives and Zelnorm were of use.  Phenothalien also required drinking 8-16 ounces more fluid when you were already congested, adding painfully to existing distension and then needing to wait up to hours.  Since that laxative was removed from the US market in the 2000&#039;s, availability now is very limited; Zelnorm was recalled by the FDA for strokes and cardiac issues (and did cause punch-in-the-gut cramping.) LInzess is amazing, reliable, no pain, some diarrhea, but complete control and great increased quality of life!!!"
"I haven&#039;t noticed any help at all with my depression, my anxiety has gotten worse and I&#039;ve never been so tired in my life. Also I&#039;m all out sweating like crazy during the most very minimal tasks."
"I have been using this mediation only a week, I am now on full dosage and have had hardly any side effects which was my main concern.
The specialist said I could expect nausea, diarrhea and some headaches and possibly vomiting.
He also made me aware that these effects would wear off after a couple of weeks of my body adjusting to the medication.
I have actually had a couple of small headaches (took paracetamol) a touch of nausea, only when I was moving up to the next level on tablets and more regular bowel movements...not. Bad thing.
I feel fine, the psoriasis is starting to clear already :-)"
"I have gotten pregant two other times on other types. After two kids i decided to try a new market product. I have had no adverse side effects besides little to no period. Ive had the nexplanon in for over two years. During 2016 i do want to replace it and stay on this one. Very effective with all my medical conditions."
"Seroquel XR has changed my life! I tried regular Seroquel and it&#039;s like having your head in a bucket. The XL version feels like a completely different medicine. I take 100 mg at night. I wake up refreshed, happy, eager to start my day, I also take Lamictal 300 mg in the morning. No side effects from either medicine. I have been on both for about 7 years. I have been depressed once in that time and it was situational."
"Undetectable after one month. Finishing 2nd bottle    Had all the common side effects"
"I just started taking this birth control, and I have absolutely no complaints. I&#039;m a psycho about my skin, and so far it hasn&#039;t effected it in anyway and it could possibly be making it better. My sex drive if anything has increased while on this pill, and I have gained No weight! Everyone&#039;s different, so don&#039;t take the all of reviews too seriously! The only thing that I&#039;ve noticed is that the first few weeks of my first pack, I was super emotional but that occurs with any birth control at first! My boobs also get a little tender the first 2 weeks of each pack but it&#039;s nothing that I can&#039;t handle on a scale 1-10 it&#039;s probably a 1.5 on the pain scale for tenderness so nothing to worry about all! It obviously also has prevented pregnancy."
"I&#039;ve recently been diagnosed with chronic migraines and was prescribed to take half of a 25mg dose at night. It hasn&#039;t helped me that much. I still get the migraines and some acute headaches."
"I&#039;ve taken Plan B twice in my life. The first time was right after the &#039;incident&#039;, literally not even an hour after in the wee hours of the night we ran out to Walmart, came home took the pill and went to sleep. Can&#039;t say I remember anything crazy to that experience. I do remember my period came a bit early and the cramps were pretty severe and so was the bleeding. It took a bit for my period to get back to normal, but it did! This time around is a whole other story! I took it about three days ago, day of taking it was good, next day was good, yesterday midday I experienced nausea and vomiting, and now today diarrhea and cramps. Suppose to get my period anywhere from 3-5 days from now."
"This is a miracle medicine for me! I have been taking it about 2 years now and couldn&#039;t be happier with my skin. I am always getting compliments on how flawless my skin looks. I take it daily and also use Epiduo cream on my face at night. The 2 combined= perfection."
"I have been on Contrave for 5 days now. So far have had zero side effects. I&#039;m 5&#039;5 and started at 215 lbs. Weighed in this morning at 212 lbs. Have not changed my diet, but I am eating less, not really that hungry, I don&#039;t even think about sweets and when I do I really don&#039;t want them. Will up date when I start week 3."
"My doctor prescribed Lyrica for fibromyalgia, this was the worst medication I have ever taken! Within a few days, my anxiety levels were through the roof . I had other side effects too but I can&#039;t recall what they were now - it&#039;s been a horrendous year."
"I got diarrhea, headache, muscle ache, flu like symptoms."
"Today is my 7th day of the 15 day trial and I&#039;ve lost 4 pounds. I will refill my prescription as soon as I can (despite the cost). I&#039;m looking forward to posting more about my results as time goes by. Start 209lbs current 205lbs 5&#039;4&quot; 31 year old female. I&#039;ve never been &quot;skinny&quot; but after quitting smoking I gained 20lbs, tearing my ACL, MCL and spraning my LCL I gained another 15. I also managed to get pregnant 3 months post-op and gained 70 pounds during my pregnancy (I wasn&#039;t allowed to workout while pregnant after my surgery). I had lost 56 pounds of the 105lbs I had gained but haven&#039;t lost a pound in a year and a half. I get monster craving and I can&#039;t say no to food. Belviq helps me say no. 0 side effects for me."
"Been taking Orsythia for one month. I&#039;ve noticed breakouts of acne along my jawline and some random ones on my upper lip, some weight gain.  I feel a bit swollen at times, my feet and my arms mostly. My mood has not been affected. Although I have been getting a lot of headaches since I started with this pill, every day practically, relieved by Tylenol."
"I started taking lisinopril a week ago on Saturday, that same day I started getting lower back pain, I didn&#039;t attribute the pain to the drug till a week later.  The pain in my lower back was so extreme I could hardly walk or sleep, so I went to prompt care on Wednesday thinking it might be a UTI, Test was negative, doctor ordered PT. Next day I ended up in ER, bp was extremely high, rapid heart rate, felt like I was gonna pass out, all tests were negative, doctor said it was the new med and dehydration. I called my primary, I told her about the symptoms I was having, she said back pain wasn&#039;t a side effect of this drug, and the other symptoms were my body getting used to the drug."
"Works nearly every time on one dose. The second dose will make you fell washed out for the next 24 hours. Life is normal with this drug as it works in about an hour. I am in the UK so NHS covers the costs of the drug."
"I have been dealing with anxiety, depression and was diagnosed as bipolar. I have been on Remeron at night to help me sleep and 1 mg or Klonopins 3 times a day. While that did help my depression, my panic attacks and anxiety still were horrible where I ruined a relationship just a day before I started the gabapentin. Now that I have taken this 3 times a day at 300 mg I have been able to rationalize and reason much better. I do notice I am a little dizzy at times but nothing horrible. If I only had this medication earlier I may not have lost my partner due to my actions."
"I am a patient of HOCM (hypertrophic cardiomyopathy) for the last 20 yrs I be used Norpace 300 mg a day for about 5 years and experienced the best relief of symptoms. I did not experience side effects other than urinary retention and dry mouth."
"Lyrica has changed my life. I have suffered from Generalized Anxiety Disorder for 15 years. I;ve tried absolutely everything to no avail until last week when I was put on Lyrica. In fact it&#039;s not just changed my life its saved my life. "
"Wow, can I say? This drug is amazing! I had to deliver a 4 hour course with 9 people staring at me the whole time and I walked through the fire, I did it! Took a 5mg Valium 3 hours before because my anxiety was so acute I felt like I could vomit, then took Inderal 40 2 hours before the presentation, and I glided through. I wasn&#039;t scared nor afraid of what anyone thought of me and didn&#039;t mind they were looking at me. I was able to deliver the material with ease, and speak confidently without any anxiety symptoms. My voice and hands were not shakey and I was able to look everyone in the eye and speak with clarity. Had I not taken the Inderal, know the Valium wouldn&#039;t have been enough to pull me through. This Beta Blocker was a life saver!"
"When I first started taking this pill I had severe nausea when I would start a pack. Now my nausea is gone and I get occasional migraines. I&#039;ve almost been on it for a year and I do like it a lot. Great for preventing pregnancy also causes breast tenderness towards end of pack."
"28 years ago a car on an overhead lift fell on me. After 5 years of recovery I did pretty good then it all fell apart 6 years ago. I ended up on lots of medicines including Nortriptyline. My only comment is try it. I use it for burning in my legs that feel that I call burning ice water running down my legs and it really helps."
"I used Sklice on my daughter as per the doctor&#039;s recommendation to get rid if nits. I was happy at first since it was only a 10 minute treatment. I even saw the dead nits dropping out of her hair as I used a brush to blow dry her hair! Two weeks later the nits were back!!!! The product said it wasn&#039;t necessary to comb out nits, so I didn&#039;t! Big mistake! I ended up taking her to a professional place that deals with Lice and was told ALL NITS MUST BE COMBED OUT DEAD OR ALIVE! The product was misleading. Exhausted and stressed out over this."
"Has given me a much improved quality of life. Having said this I&#039;ve seen this medicine effect people differently. It wakes me up and puts spring in my step."
"Works great. Love it."
"All in all... I tried a lot of weight loss programs and they were &quot;ok&quot;. Until I was introduced to this drug. 1st week I did the dose by the book. 2nd week I increased to 1.2 and 3 days later I went to 2.6 because of all the thanksgiving fixings. I&#039;m on my 3rd week. I have loss 18 lbs. and NO it&#039;s not water loss or movements. I drink a lot of water and am natural everyday. I haven&#039;t gone to the gym yet, but planning on it very soon. I&#039;m 5&#039;9&quot; 400lbs but now I&#039;m 382 and feeling great. I&#039;ve had a headache or two maybe even 3 but not too bad. Nauseous twice because I drank a couple of soda pops. My alcohol cravings are next to nothing. I cannot wait (no pun intended) to see what happens in a couple more weeks."
"Lexapro is amazing except for the massive weight gain. I have gained thirty-five pounds in two years. I workout 4 days a week and eat healthy. I have to accept the fact that being mentally healthy comes at having a stomach."
"I had a low-grade urinary tract infection for weeks that I mistook for a yeast infection, finally went in for a culture, and then took a week&#039;s worth of Macrobid. The infection subsided after 3 days, but came back almost immediately after I stopped taking the medicine."
"The only reason I even give this two stars is because I never had an issue with pregnancy on this pill. I started with Aviane (which I had no side effects and generally felt great) and was switched to this by my pharmacy. Since then things have gone down hill. I had very mild anxiety before going on the pill, Aviane did nothing to it but Orsythia has amplified it to the point where I&#039;ve really struggled with my anxiety and mood swings. A few days before my period the smallest things will set me off into episodes of weeping and panic. I&#039;ve gained some weight (5 pounds). Experienced nausea every so often (more than Aviane). Worst, is the cystic acne on my chin. While my periods have been lighter and shorter, cramps have gotten worse. Terrible"
"Awful product! Was prescribed it by my dermatologist who said I had rosacae. Does remove all redness in less than 20 min but face starts flushing hard-core after 10 hours when product stops working. The whole time I used it I thought my rosacae had gotten worse and worse so I applied it daily instead of only iccasionally. Stopped the cream after one month to see what would happen, and in two days my face went back to normal and I don&#039;t even have rosacae anymore. Just a reaction to coffee. Bad doctor and bad drug. Stay away!"
"I switched to Gianvi about 3 months ago (after taking YAZ for a year). At first everything was okay, but after a few weeks, I felt more and more depressed, tired and hungry - all the time! I cannot motivate myself to do anything, and I am not a depressed kind of person. I also had headaches, high blood pressure and stomach cramps. "
"I have had a YI for about a week, my friend recommended I should try Monistat.. I went to rite aid today &amp; bought it for $18!! I just used it about 40 mins ago &amp; as soon as it was done it started burning worse than it was before, I am in so much pain now. I wish I would have read these reviews before I used this product. :("
"I have had migraines and irritable bowel syndrome since a child. I have developed curvature of the spine and degenerative discs. Bextra fixed them all. I am now on Percocet since the removal of Bextra. Percocet makes the pain tolerable but never takes the pain away like Bextra did."
"I was on Xalkori for about 6 months in 2012 before it stopped working and I had to go on traditional chemotherapy in September of the same year. I had minimal side effects.  Just a little hair thinning, a little tiredness but no serious problems. Sometimes a little constipation which was easily controlled with a little dose of Milk of Magnesia.  Prior to going on the Xalkori I had lost 19 pounds and had a lot of complications.  While on the medicine I gained the weight back, got my strength back, was able to eat again and was in better shape when I had to go on traditional chemotherapy. In my cases a true blessing."
"I have Premenstrual dysphoric disorder.  This med saved my life.
Mimicked a hysterectomy.  Now I know that removing the ovaries is the answer.  Scheduled...."
"I had two areas on the front of my right leg that had a varicose vein that itched constantly and as a result I had started to break the skin from the scratching. After applying Clobetasol Propionate Ointment USP, 0.05% the itching stopped immediately and after two weeks of application, once per day, the condition cleared up even the varicose vein. Amazing stuff!"
"I first had symptoms when I was 17 yrs old.  Was not diagnosed until I was 25 during an exploratory surgery to find out what was wrong with me.  I am now 67, have had three surgeries, 2 for blockages and a variety of meds.. This last surgery did not go well and my crohn&#039;s became worse.  The doctor recommended I go on Remicade.  Have had three treatments with no improvement, extremely exhausted.  During my treatments I developed chest pains, had an angiogram, everything fine.  Then became very short of breath, fever  and got water on the heart from the procedure.  Will be discussing this with the doctor and requesting I stop the treatments.  I have not had a rewarding experience with Remicade.  Not sure what my options are going forward."
"Hi, 2 weeks ago, I have sex with my bf without any protection. I used to take plan b as we are not seeing each other frequently. But this time, for the first time in my life I was so freak out because  I was having sex and taking plan b in the same day as I  was supposed to ovulate which is the riskiest time.  I took plan b one hour after sex and I got no side effect at all. Last time I took it, I was bleeding badly  for a week after plan b. But this time, I believed i was too late.  For 2 weeks I stressed myself out and the day my period supposed to came, i peed a lot and  by 2pm and Yeah, period came!! Plan b works even on ovulating day!"
"I&#039;ve had been on Trinessa for a year and a few months, ran out and because of insurance issues couldn&#039;t get back on it until this month, all together taken it for almost two years. The whole time when I first started and this second time I started taking it again have both been good (and the same) experiences.
I have experienced bloating and increased discharge (which both suck a lot), but on the plus side no weight gain, no headaches, no change in my period (it&#039;s always been really short except when I used the Depo shot), no change in sex-drive. I have recommended this to a friend."
"I have had RLS for nearly 10 years. I have taken requip, which didn&#039;t do anything. Now I take mirapex, I started out on 0.125 which did nothing. I moved up to 0.5 mg  and have taken that dude for about 9 years. Now, my legs and sometimes my arms go crazy on me during the day. I can&#039;t ride very long in a car because it drives me insane how my legs feel. I get very frustrated fast and become agitated, I often tell my husband I would rather cut my legs off then feel this way. I went to the Dr today, he moved my dose to 1mg, I pray this will help me. I am also suffering from compulsive gambling, weight gain of 25 plus pounds. We need a cure for this horrible disease!!!"
"I&#039;ll start with some background about my acne: I had absolutely flawless skin in high school and when I got to college, about sophomore year, I began breaking out. For the past year I have consistently had cystic acne, black heads, white heads, and extremely flaky skin. 

I finally broke down and went to my GP who prescribed me doxycycline, clindamycin gel, and epiduo. I only very recently started this regimen, but I am seeing results. The epiduo does burn and dry out my skin, which is why I SPOT apply it every other day. It sounds like some people apply it to their entire face, which I do not recommend unless absolutely necessary. Also, I paid around $20 w/ TriCare Standard (military) insurance. All in all, great product."
"This drug was not for me. Its very stimulating. It made me aggresive, angry and irritable. It had several unpleasant side effect, like headache, heavy  head, aggitation AND fatigue, strange shock sensations in the brain, loss of appetite, unwanted weight loss, insomnia, broken sleep, nightmares, trembling and dehydration. And with all that, it never lifted my mood at all. It made me completely dysphoric. I cried daily, screamed at my husband and kids and hated myself and my body so much I had thoughts of self-harm. 

In the past I have taken SSRIs and never experienced anything as negative as this. Although the sexual side effects on others were atrocious! That is one thing Wellbutrin didn&#039;t cause, sexual dysfunction. I am a 31 year old female."
"I got a YI while taking Augmentin and went for an over the counter as it was a weekend and I couldn&#039;t contact my Dr. NOT WORTH IT. Followed all the directions to the letter and 5-10 min after insertion I was itching so bad that I couldn&#039;t lay still. Moaning and rolling and gritting my teeth.... Pretty much looked ridiculous. Thank goodness my husband sleeps like a rock. I called the Dr. for a prescription when Monday came and stopped taking the Monistat after 2 doses. Wish I had read these posts before all the drama. This just CAN&#039;T be good for your body with side effects that strong."
"Wellbutrin is probably the best antidepressant on the US market. It&#039;s best to start at &gt; 75 MG a day to make sure you can tolerate it; there are many who this medicine does nothing for or causes anxiety or other health problems. Regardless of what they say; do check your liver and kidneys; it is more non-toxic than a lot of drugs but it does take a toll on your body over time. For me, nothing as of yet."
"Prescribed to give me more energy. Haven&#039;t been on it but for a few days, but all I want to do is sleep! I had more pep before I started taking it!"
"5.5 weeks into 12 week course of Zepatier for GT4. 

The first week, I had some weird aches and pains and could not tolerate alcohol (not a big drinker but after a few sips of wine, I got really unwell - not had a drink since). Apart from some fatigue, there has been no other side effects. However, the fatigue is lessening each week and I have been able to work and maintain a normal life throughout.

After 4 weeks, blood results show all LFTs are well within normal range. HCV &amp; VL not tested since starting treatment.

It looks like it&#039;s working :) Keep you posted!"
"Terrible burning and swelling occurred.  The pain was worse then the infection itself."
"My 15yr old son had terrible acne due to being inherited. We tried every facial wash and lotion out there. The dermatologist tried a couple antibiotics and nothing seemed to work. Accutane was our next option which I didn&#039;t want to do.  A month ago his primary doctor prescribed Bactrim for an infection and we were shocked when it TOTALLY cleared his face and back up!  We called the docs office and he now takes it daily with no side effects!  Such a blessing!"
"I had abnormally lot T readings, 199, 225 and 249, went on Androgel Brand name therapy, within a month, subsequent readings over 400, last reading was 76, and the only difference is that I was swiched to a generic brand, Perrigo, from Israel."
"Absolutely hated this birth control pill. Within a few days of taking it, the cystic acne started and I read some reviews urging people to stick with it and it&#039;d get better, so I did for 6 months, but this wasn&#039;t the case for me. My skin got worse.. A lot worse. My skin wasn&#039;t great to begin with, but it was horrible on loestrin. Whole face covered in under the skin bumps and large cystic acne on cheeks and chin. Been off of it for almost 4 months and I can&#039;t seem to get the acne gone now. So frustrating. No other side effects"
"First time taking it, found out after a week of taking it I&#039;m allergic to it...red ITCHY rash from head to toe.   And now I have diarrhea too, ugh."
"I have struggled with acne for years. I finally decided to try Accutane as the last resort. It really worked for me. It&#039;s been 2 years and I have clear skin very little break out&#039;s. My daughter is 17 is on the process of taking it herself. So I&#039;m totally 100% okay with Accutane best acne medication out there. Very little side effects ."
"I was not as lucky as other raters.  I feel happy for them. I did not get a chance to see how effective it could be.  I had a &quot;rare&quot; side effect of greatly increased heart rate.  A few hours after taking one tablet, my pulse rate increased nearly 100% above my normal rate of 55-60 along with an increased blood pressure to the point of being near stroke level.  I now need to add it to my list of allergic reactions -- to date only Indocin and Levaquin have affected me negatively.  All three have affected either my nervous or vascular system."
"wow!"
"I have been on the nexplanon for two months. No major side effects and I haven&#039;t had my period since I got it inserted. The only thing is that it made me break out a little. I got this because the Yasmin gave me high blood pressure."
"Been on Lexapro for about 3 weeks after a bad break up. First week was bad, usual side effects. But the past week things have settled down. I feel like I can function at work better. Before that I was totally useless. I still need to address some emotional issues but now I can see some light...Am waiting for the full effects to kick in SOON."
"This is the worst medication I have ever tried to take. It made me severely depressed, almost to the point of being suicidal. I am normally very happy, so the reaction was alarming. Also, I cried incessantly and had terrible vaginal dryness, loss of appetite, and insomnia. I didn&#039;t eat or sleep for about 3 days, and I was all swollen from crying. (Keep in mind that these symptoms happened on my honeymoon.) My new husband (who wanted me to be on some form of birth control) begged me to stop taking it. 

I stopped taking it, and within 3 months was back to normal. "
"To cut a long story short, NOTHING ELSE HAS EVER WORKED AS QUICK AND AS EFFECTIVE AS THIS MEDICATION FOR ME PERSONALLY FOR SEVERE DEPRESSION AND OR LACK OF BRAIN ENERGY. I&#039;ve tried at least 5 of the mainstream top draw Antidepressants. I hope and pray my GP doesn&#039;t take me off the 100 mgs a day for fear of addiction. When is the medical and pharmaceutical community going to wake up to the amazing healing power of tramadol..."
"just got diagnosed with add and im 19yrs old the doc prescribe me 36mg concerta and this my second day taking the pill and i still feel the same"
"It helped me have a stroke faster while I was active and out going left me in a wheelchair with double the pain between my affected side and my back. NO good. Changed my life and my family lives also"
"was on levothyroxine for 7 months. was on the lowest dosage at first, did nothing for my thyroid and also made my hormones crazy, I would get mad for no reason. After my first blood test my doctor bumped the dosage up to double what I was on and still no change, but my doctor kept me on it for another 2 months and after there was no change she took me off of it. I have now been on armour thyroid for 1 1/2 and it has helped me feel so much better and my levels are perfect."
"I took this medication for only 3 days and I experienced extreme tremors, diarrhea, vomiting and even experienced a seizure after the second day. I have been very sick and always tired feeling.   I definitely don&#039;t recommend this also my anxiety got worse not better."
"I started this birth control to help with my PCOS and crazy periods. My periods were always 8-10 days and pretty heavy. But I started my period just 10 days into this medicine and it continued for 19 days. I&#039;ve never had a period that long. My depression was made worse, my sex drive was gone, dizziness, ridiculous mood swings, never wanted to eat, the list just goes on. I never had this issue with the previous two birth control pills I used 7 years ago. Needless to say, I stopped this medicine and will not be taking it again. I&#039;d rather deal with a horrible 9 day period, than a horrible 19 day period."
"was put on flagyl and cipro for 1 week. I&#039;m light-headed and only want to sleep! Nauseous and my mouth tastes awful. I am glad to read all of these posts and I thought I was getting a secondary sinus infection. MY last pills were on a monday and today, wednesday I still feel &#039;in the clouds&#039;."
"Surprisingly, good. I took a 10mg tablet and 20 min later I was performing at my peak. Felt bigger and stronger and didn&#039;t experience the headaches that I had with the others. It also seemed to still be in my system a day or so later."
"I got it inserted in September 16,2013. Reason I remember the date exactly because I was planning on getting it again, but NO WAY!! Don&#039;t get me wrong  it is very effective, but the side effects are horrible! I&#039;m always tired, barely energized, very moody, like I don&#039;t remember every crying so much in my life than the 3 years of having this insertion, and don&#039;t let me talk about the bleeding! First year I&#039;ll say I barely bled, like every three to four months, and it&#039;ll last like a week or two. Now I haven&#039;t stopped, constantly spotting. I&#039;m going to wait until my 3 years are up to have it removed but I will definitely not get it again. Wouldn&#039;t recommend it to no one"
"I am 19 years old, no kids and the insertion was painful. I love Mirena, probably the best decision I&#039;ve made in my life. Super effective, no side effects, and I have actually lost weight. I think everyone should try Mirena birth control."
"This medication helps with my symptoms and controls some of the voices and the sightings that I experienced throughout my use of this medication."
"I had a blocked tear duct with inflammation and this worked almost instantly after trying other drops."
"I&#039;m bipolar. I&#039;ve been on various medicines for almost 10 years. Well, my Dad died a few months ago. The depression and anxiety was so bad I could not function. My Doctor prescribed this along with my 40mg of Celexa. It took about a month -6 weeks before I felt any better. But I also have chronic pain from spinal arthritis. This medication has helped me get my life back! But in the process, I&#039;ve gained 20lbs in 8 weeks and I was already overweight. Its helped with my chronic pain and with the depression. I love how I feel on this but not the weight gain. "
"Have been on many antidepressants, most either not effective enough or side effects were too much. I am on 40mg in 3rd month. On the   side I have much more energy, I am no longer sleeping excessively, my anger/irritability is much less. Most important, my depression is much better and emotionally I feel much better. Now, Started getting headaches, severe ones, that only responded to ice packs. Then my blood pressure went way way up. The headaches are probably related to the elevated blood pressure. I also got the sweats (at first I thought it was menopause, but not so).  I was also having a hard time sleeping. Finally heart racing. Will try a bit longer to see if body can adapt to it, because my mood is much better, but worried regarding side effects."
"I&#039;m not sure mucinex works. I know it kept me wide awake. It was hard for me to sleep. When I was awake,  In felt like my balance was off, so I felt dizzy. U couldn&#039;t go down spiral steps. I would not recommend it.

"
"One of  my students has had chronic lice last school year and again this school year. I have provided OTC lice shampoo several times and have sent child home weekly with live head lice. Each time child is sent home, child has returned with no live head lice but still having nits. (Our school is not a no nit school.) Each week the child would have live lice again and have to be sent home. I found the article about the FDA releasing Sklice and printed the information for the parent of the student with chronic lice. The student came to me yesterday and I found dead lice in child&#039;s hair. I discussed this with the child&#039;s mother who said she used the Sklice as directed. So far, so wonderful!"
"LOVE DRYSOL
sweaty palms, feet and underarms are no fun for anyone at any time. Works like a charm after 2 or 3 times.
Just a word of caution, I bought the extra strength and its so strong It feels like I may have even burned my palms. They are SO dry now, and sting even two days later.
However, I&#039;ll take dry hands over sweaty ones. First time I can finally put lotion on my hands and not have them dripping in moisture! :D"
"I got in a rear end collision and got severe whiplash and muscle spasms in my back. I was prescribed this and it work wonderfully. I when I didn&#039;t take it I couldn&#039;t move without pain and suffering. I absolutely loved this because it actually works. Sure it make you drowsy so what a small price to pay for the outcome."
"Been taking it for more than 2 years. Keeps hot flashes away, and also psychic break downs and panic attacks.  Great medicine. "
"Not a huge fan. Had it inserted about 7 months ago and I&#039;m STILL bleeding. Made me extremely moody for a few months as my body was getting used to it. I bleed every time I have sex and I find sex painful."
"I have only been on Lexapro for 2 weeks now for my anxiety and depression. I also have a temper problem, the medicine so far helped my anxiety and got me more active but my anger has got worse. Maybe it&#039;s too soon to say if this medicine will help that. But overall I&#039;m starting to like not having the anxious feeling anymore."
"Unless I take this at bedtime, I have difficulty falling asleep as well as staying asleep. I am on the 50mg tabs, but usually only need to take half of the pill. Works VERY quickly, so It needs to be taken when in bed,and ready to sleep! It is just as effective now as it was many, many years ago when first prescribed, no need to adjust the dosage. It allows me to sleep later in the morning, and I no longer wake up every 2 hours.
I take several other antidepressants during the day, but suffer from chronic pain, a good night&#039;s sleep makes a huge difference in my comfort level with no side effects either. I wake up feeling refreshed, ready to take on the day!
I highly suggest you try this medication, if Dr suggests it."
"My 14 year old daughter and I were hit head-on by a drunk driver on Xmas Eve of 2015. We both spent weeks in the hospital and she sadly passed 6 months later. I subsequently went into a downward spiral and tested positive for PTSD. 1 mg of Abilify per day has seemingly been transformative. Within a week my symptoms were cut in half. They were reduced further after another week. I am now on week three and doing even better. My only reservation is that I don&#039;t sleep as well and have had a few insomniac nights. I&#039;m going to start taking it in the morning and see if that helps."
"Been taking 100mg of Zoloft for about 5 weeks now to treat depression and general anxiety with what also may be a touch of obsessive compulsive disorder.  I have to say the results were better than expected.  I may have experienced a placebo effect within the first week when things seemed magically better but by the second week the anxiety and depression hit again.  By weeks and 3 &amp; 4 it began leveling off and I now feel more balanced emotionally.  My mind isn&#039;t spending time fixating on things outside of my control and things have been looking up even though my personal situation has not improved all that much."
"This pill works miracles for me.

It is completely effective against all of my anxiety. It also makes me feel less OCD. I no longer obsess over thoughts or worry while I am on this. Xanax unleashes my creativity. I play guitar, write music and draw a lot. I used to do all these things but have thought I lost interest because I had no inspiration.

I have no side effects except some memory loss and tiredness.

I wish my doctor would up my prescription, I am on 2 mg a day and for the past nine months I have always finished my prescription in 1 - 2 weeks. But this does well for keeping tolerance low and avoiding addiction and dependence. I am on it for 2 weeks and then off until my refill."
"Today I got my 3 month follow-up blood test and it came back undetected!  I am cured, I was a stage 2 so my liver will fully recover.  This virus has been with me almost all my life, 45 years and I consider it a miracle how easy it was to cure.  I feel great and one thing I know is that whatever kills me, it won&#039;t be my liver.  I wish you all the same cure results."
"Working very well for me but nervous about how long I can be on it.  It&#039;s been just over a month.  Worried I&#039;ll never be able to sleep good if I go off it."
"I love this drug. I suffer with severe fear of vomiting and after getting prescribed it for insomnia I was over the moon. Not only does it help me sleep. It calms me down and stops all my anxiety nausea :) been taking it a few times a week for about a year and it&#039;s helped me out massively. Only bad point Is grogginess the next day but it&#039;s so worth it"
"I promised that I would share my testimony with others if the pill worked, and so here I am! Guys, let me just say that this is my second time taking an ECP (the first time using the generic brand &quot;take action&quot;), but this time I used Plan B. I was intimate only July 1st (which according to my period app, I was not ovulating and had most likely ovulated June 27th) however, you can never be too sure as period apps are not always THAT accurate. Anyways, I was intimate July 1st and my bf swears that he did not ejaculate in me, but you always have to worry about precum as well..so in a panic, I took Plan B the next day about 16 hours later. Needless to say, the pill worked! My period came on today..two days late! Just pray and try not to worry!"
"I&#039;ve only been on it one month, but so far I really like it. I&#039;m vegetarian and it doesn&#039;t give me any problems. For the first week and a half though, I was very nauseous and felt like I needed to throw up and I was very gassy! The nausea has subsided, but the gas still comes back occasionally. It&#039;s terribly smelly and I guess it helps to flush your body with a ton of water! I drank 60oz in one day and that seemed to make things better. BUT, before that, I was really gassy and couldn&#039;t poop! 

I went through planned parenthood and there is a government program that doesn&#039;t make me pay for the ring!"
"Xanax is a lifesaver for me! I am 40 years old, diagnosed with Panic Disorder with agoraphobia, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, and Depression. It all started when I was about 13 or 14 years old. To make a long story short, every other medicine I took, either didn&#039;t work, or made me gain a ton of weight (SSRI&#039;s). I am currently weaning myself off of Zoloft from 200 mgs. since it doesn&#039;t seem to be working any more (down to 100 mgs at the moment). I plan on just taking Xanax alone when I&#039;m off of the Zoloft. It is the ONLY medicine that relieves ALL of my symptoms. I will see my doc tomorrow to discuss what dosage I should take after going off of Zoloft completely, because I do take both right now. I&#039;m just tired of being fat from all these SSRI&#039;s!"
"Had another colonscopy done and highly recommend propofal. I met with Anaesthetist the day before and did my own research.  Had a couple of questions, most likely because of  Michael Jackson. A little burning when drug is administered and I was able to taste it as some patients are.  No side effects except for sleeping most of the day."
"It really did not work for me. My eyes itched a bit less, but my nose just kept itching and running. Also sneezed multiple time after 1st dose. Tried a 2nd tablet 4 hours later with no noticeable results. This may work for some people but I get  better relief from Benadryl, which works well but causes drowsiness."
"40 y/o WF I&#039;m in day 3 of Contrave and have lost 2 lbs. can&#039;t be water weight because I&#039;m drinking tons of water due to the dry mouth it gives me. No nausea or headache. i will say that I haven&#039;t been sleeping well however during the day, I feel almost &quot;speedy.&quot; Not twitching or anxious but more energetic and focused whereas normally I could take a nap nearly anytime! I am very nervous about this medication though because in 2007 I had a seizure. I&#039;m not epileptic and they never found the cause but I keep reading how it lowers the seizure threshold. My doctor obviously thinks the risk is minuscule but I&#039;m still leary... Will update:) cheers"
"Product works as expected, very similar to auto-injected allergy medicines. Liquid is visible through clear glass window in center of unit that shows whether or not product is still in usable condition, instructions are written on side of container.  Verbal instructions begin as soon as you begin step 1 by removing the cap, follow each step, up through, and including injection, and calling emergency help.  Comes in approximately 1/2 inch wide rectangle shaped plastic case is about 2X3 inches.  
My script came w/two autoinjectors and one test unit for training, which is great.  All these came in a canvas travel pouch with a CPR mouth barrier and rubber gloves."
"You are all inspiring. Two years clean today thanks to Suboxone. It started when I was 22. I had 3 ruptured discs and basically over the next 5 years became completely dependent on pills. The last year I was using my life revolved around pills and fear of going without. I became another person. My life was a lie. I reached my breaking point and I found Suboxone started at 12 mgs. It&#039;s been two years and now I am at 2 mgs going off next month. Suboxone gave me the time to heal. I just got married and can&#039;t wait to have a baby. My back is still painful but nothing like the pain I was living in with pills."
"This medicine is a major player in my fibromyalgia. It helps me sleep through the night, because it reduces the pain at night. I went off it for a week and I never slept more then 2 hours continuously for that week. I give this medicine a thumbs up for that reason. It doesn&#039;t help at all for the pain I have ALL DAY. "
"I have been on daily Truvada for PrEP for 2 years.  I haven&#039;t had any side effects and my bloodwork has been normal, and I&#039;ve remained HIV negative."
"Overweight Mom who thought that I would be that for life. My friend who was on Jenny Craig (it did not work) used this and after following her lead we are both big losers. No side effects except a little tired first week then energy went up gradually. I take my exercise serious now and instead of losing two pounds per week I am at 3.36 per week or more. Flat out works you got nothing to lose because they give you a two week trial free. After that you will be more then happy to pay for it."
"So I was prescribed this medication a while ago, but I basically gave up every time things got painful. That for me, was about 5th day in. I&#039;d been told to persevere and that the pain and dryness would stop after the first 2 weeks. But I decided to only use it when I had breakouts. However, this medication brings out the acne before clearing it, so of course your acne is going to get worse before it gets better. 

HOWEVER, I now use it everyday. I have very sensitive skin so I can&#039;t use a lot of moisturisers because they burn. But I&#039;m using some Garnier moisturiser and an oil based one from lush whenever my skin feels a little dry, and I have not had a painful night since. And no extreme dryness or flaking either. Brilliant!"
"My OBGYN gave me this for Premenstrual dysphoric disorder and it took me a while to actually take it because of the stigma that goes along with taking Prozac. I WISH I had taken it sooner as it has made such a difference. I have more patience, I don%u2019t get angry as much and am happier than I have ever been. I originally was prescribed it for 14 days a month (2 weeks before my period), but it has been so helpful that I am taking it every day. I take 20mg in the morning.

The first couple of weeks I had a hard time sleeping. I would wake up in the middle of the night and couldn%u2019t fall back to sleep. That went away and I have no other side effects.

I know so many people who should be taking this. Someone mentioned that it should be in the water and I agree!"
"I got this inserted 6 months ago and it&#039;s nearly been the worst time of my life, no exaggeration. I became a completely different person. I feel exhausted, lazy and tired all the time, angry, depressed and I have lots and lots of mood swings. This has nearly ruined my relationship. On top of that I&#039;ve bled since the day I got it, and now for six months straight. If you think about getting nexplanon, PLEASE DON&#039;T!
I removed it today and look forward to be myself again. Now I have a sting in my arm, a big bruise and when this all heals I&#039;ll be left with an ugly scar. It was sooo not worth it. The ONLY positive thing this has brought me is that I didn&#039;t become pregnant, but because of all the bleeding I&#039;ve barely had sex anyways..."
"Easy to use, no side effects experienced as opposed to interferon b medication. Good support program and co-pay assistance. Has lessened progression"
"The best BC out there. 2nd time getting it and it&#039;s still being good to me. It actually has gotten my sex drive up. No side effects. Only thing is I can&#039;t predict when is my next period so my husband assumes I&#039;m pregnant, but when it does come I only spot for a few days."
"Best birth control!!! I have been on it for about a year and a half if not longer have no complaints I got on this because the depo shot was defiantly not working for me. Definitely glad I switched over - no random mood swings, cleared all acne within a month, no weight gain, over all it the best birth control I&#039;ve been on"
"I have only been on citalopram for 3 days and it has already made a huge difference. I have been through many other antidepressants, including Prozac and Zoloft. Prozac made me gain 25 pounds in the first month I used it and Zoloft worked but made me feel like a zombie. With Citalopram, I feel like myself. I have no suicidal thoughts or symptoms of depression. I just stress about regular things in life, like bills, etc. but not to the point where I curl up in a ball and want to cry. I am able to handle these stresses with a clear mind and hope for the future. Ive struggled with depression my whole life. When I was 16, I had two suicidal attempts. This is my first time since I can remember that I feel NORMAL."
"I just finished my second month of Gianvi and it will be my last. CONS: Constant bleeding, gained weight, horrible headaches, and mood swings that make me feel crazy. PRO: No pregnancy, on-time period, went from a B to a C cup, no change in skin."
"Thus worked for my constipation. .but made all of my muscles ache."
"Venlafaxine didn&#039;t work well for me, although I was no longer anxious, I did feel like I was a zombie. 

My message to anyone trawling the internet for answers &amp; hope.  YOU WILL GET BETTER!

It may take time and trial/ error with your treatments, but every human being is different so if one treatment worked for someone and not you, then there are a whole host of other treatments &amp; combinations. 

Talk to people whether family, friends, support groups, online forums.  Go to your doctor or consultant and take all the help you can.  If you are not happy with your treatment, ask for a different healthcare professional. 

As I write, I am in recovery on Sertraline.  I have agorophobia, but am starting to get back to a somewhat normal life."
"I used this as birth control and to regulate my menstrual cycle. I am usually an extremely happy, bubbly person. While Ortho Tri-cyclen did prevent unwanted pregnancies, it wreaked havoc on my life. I took it for three and a half months. I became extremely depressed for no reason. I mean DEPRESSED. I cried at least 3 times every single day, I felt listless and hopeless. The closest I came to feeling happy in the last month of using this drug was feeling nothing at all. Feeling empty was as good as I got. Usually I felt angry, sad, despairing. For NO reason. I alienated friends, family, and boyfriend. My mother made me stop taking these pills as she thought they were the cause, and like magic, I began to feel like my normal self within a week."
"I was switched to this generic after being on many others including the same Rx formula and other formulas in the past. This was by far the worst pill I&#039;ve ever taken as far as being ineffective for hormone control. My ovarian cysts returned, I had more painful periods, acne, bloating, mood swings, and the feeling of not wanting to be near or touched by anyone. Once I was back on my previous brand of generic for 2 months I stabilized completely again."
"First pill down and thrown back up in under 1 hr"
"It is the only drug that works for fibromyalgia."
"I used to suffer from extremely heavy periods and cramping that interfered with my daily life. I would have to take time off work, rearrange my entire schedule and in general have an awful time with PMS before my period. Since getting my Mirena, I have had NONE of those symptoms. I finally can live my life without worry that my period will interrupt it. I do not get a period and I do not have any PMS symptoms. It&#039;s clear to me that Mirena changed my life for the better."
"I&#039;ve been on 5 mg of Lisinopril for over 2 years.  I never developed the cough or nasal drip that others have had.  I did have joint pain which would come and go.  Lisinopril is great at controlling my BP.  I&#039;m an otherwise-healthy 5&#039;3&quot; 125 pound 47 yo female and my BP diastolic would not stay below 90.  Typical BP was 140/98.  So, I&#039;ve taken 5 mg of Lisinopril for 2 years.  But, I&#039;m exhausted ALL the time, no appetite, severe abdominal pain, constant nausea and bloating/constipation when I do eat.  I&#039;m miserable (has been like this for 6 mo)!! On a whim, I stopped the Lisinopril 3 days ago.  I&#039;m not exhausted anymore.  My appetite is back. Still have pain and nausea though."
"I added Qsymia as a phase two to my weight loss.

In phase one, diet and exercise alone, I lost 16 pounds (267.7 to about 251.7) but regained the weight quickly over Christmas, going back to 260lbs.

I then added Qsymia. Since then weight loss has been steady at about half a pound a day. The only weight gain came toward the end of my titration period.

I have now lost an additional 20 pounds in 6 weeks (260.0 to 239.6 between 1/2/13 and 2/15/13).

I have continued to work out approximately daily, have added muscle mass, and have seen the quality of my workouts improve."
"I developed pneumonia after the flu and my doctor prescribed 100mg of doxycyline twice a day for 10 days. While the medicine was effective in lessening my pneumonia symptoms, it was very difficult to live and function with the side effects. I learned what worked for me, and that was to eat an hour or two before taking the medicine. I had extreme nausea and diarrhea on days when I didn&#039;t eat enough before taking the medicine, but I only had mild nausea when I had eaten enough before. Overall, it worked for me, but if a doctor prescribes this for me again, I will ask for a different medicine.

DO NOT TAKE THIS ON AN EMPTY STOMACH."
"I have been taking Silenor 3mg for over 6 months now.  I have had zero nights when I have had to get up because of failing to return to sleep.  Most nights I get 7 to 8 hours of sleep.   The only thing different is having vivid dreams most of the time.  Not sure if that means more deep or rem sleep is taking place.  Silenor does not put you to sleep  but it will let you stay asleep.  I highly recommend it for sleep maintenance."
"I took this medicine for a tooth abscess that couldn&#039;t be drained during root canal. Severe diarrhea, headaches, minor heartburn and I felt as though my throat were closing (doc said minor allergic reaction). I have been taking a probiotic and eating yogurt but it hasn&#039;t helped with the stomach upset at all.  It helped with the abscess but 8 days later it isn&#039;t completely cleared. I&#039;ve been switched to Clindamycin due to the tightening in my throat. Scared to death and sick of antibiotics."
"I have been on celexa for about a week and a half, ever since I had noticed a loss of appetite, and zombie like. But, as how I used to feel without the medication at first, I feel more calm and less anxious. As for the constant panic attacks that I was having, celexa helped ease it a lot. Yes, I feel tired all the time and unable to sleep well. Luckily I am taking Ristoril along with it. I am able to sleep my good eight hours, before waking up to go to college every morning. I am considering to talk with my doctor, to see if he can at least lower the dosis a bit to 10mg. I am currently taking 20mg. That way, the side effects won&#039;t take it&#039;s toll on me."
"Anyone who appreciates their physical health as much as their mental health I&#039;m warning/begging you not to take Pristiq. It&#039;s intolerable in every way. I&#039;ve been on it 4 weeks and 2 days. NO POSITIVE BENEFITS! However I have experienced the following from Pristiq: severe nausea, vomiting, nightmares, night sweats, headaches and migraines, brain zaps, loss of concentration , blurred vision....
If I can help only one person to not put this horrid dug into their body this comment will be worth it. 
Please, do yourself a favor, ther are other drugs out there. I regret every single day on Pristiq. I feel even more depressed than when I began."
"After years of severely painful and agonizing 7 day heavy periods, my doctor recommended Levora.  I have been on this pill for over a year now and it has been amazing. Only side effects I have had are positive- my boob size increased an entire cup and I have just about no acne! My periods have also shortened to less than 3 days and they are extremely light, no pain or headaches anymore either. My period comes the same time, same day, every single month. I was petrified to start birth control but I couldn&#039;t stand the horrible periods anymore. I am so happy my doctor suggested Levora as I no longer lose sleep laying awake in pain! This pill has done wonders for me!"
"Got this medicine in the ER due to normal migraine medicines not working. Started off taking 2 and would knock it right out and put me to sleep. My tolerance has built up to it and I now take 7. If you have to take this medicine more than 3x a week consider a more drastic cure."
"So I had my mirena IUD put in about 3 months ago. I had a pretty uncomfortable experience with insertion but it was manageable I guess. So everyday for the last 3 months, since the day I had it put in, I&#039;ve gad spotting/bleeding. It looks like for the past week or so it may be starting to wear off FINALLY! So supposedly this mirena is supposed to help with acne. Let me just say from my experience so far, it had not helped my acne in any way. In fact, it has made me breakout like CRAZY!!!!! I will say that so far, I have not had any large amounts of bleeding at all. So that&#039;s a plus. Another thing I find absolutely horrifying about this IUD is my mood swings! MY LORD! I can&#039;t believe the miserable mood swings I get!"
"For whatever reason I began to experience social anxiety and panic attacks,now when I think back,at least 2 years ago. But I didn&#039;t understand what was happening to me.  At first I thought I simply developed a bad attitude toward people.  My work started to be effected.  I couldn&#039;t recall work procedures, I had problems putting my words together to speak, I would get extremely nervous in social settings, scared to ask questions, fear of everyone talking about me, sometimes I just didn&#039;t want to leave out my house. I was stressed over little issues, talking in my sleep, fatigue, sluggish, slow to respond.  I can go on and on.  I had been on Welbutrin daily and Xanax as needed.  My doctor prescribed Prozac to me three days ago. It works !!!!I"
"If evil had a taste, it would be this vile, nausea-inducing, gag-causing putrid concoction invented by Lucifer. Dear Lord is there nothing else more palatable? I&#039;m dreading the next one at 3:30."
"I&#039;ve been taking the 30 mg dose for about five years. It works great for me, no side effects and I take it about an hour before I go to bed. I&#039;ve tried other prescription sleep medication and they either gave me headaches or wore off too soon and I would wake up. I highly recommend Temazapam for anybody wanting a good night sleep consistently."
"Took Moviprep and 5 hours later nothing has happened. Ready to go to bed. Have to take again at 6am"
"The worst birth control I&#039;ve taken. I started getting side effects right away: pimples everywhere, would feel nauseous after I would take the pill, and felt bloated all day. If you&#039;re reading this review and considering taking this birth control, Don&#039;t. The only reason I was given this pill was because my original birth control (Lutera) was on back order."
"LEXAPRO changed my life. I am so against medication and was scared to try anything but after 6 months of pure hell and not able to function I surrendered to Lexapro and am SO happy I did. The side effects were bad but by the help of my Dr. and this page I didn&#039;t give up. It took the 6 weeks to start feeling like a human again. The two things I would say to anyone starting is 1. Give it time, 2 months plus and 2. Pills are not miracles, you have to work on yourself and with a professional in addition but it&#039;s worth it.
Stay Strong."
"This medication saved my life! Better than any anti-depressant I&#039;ve ever tried (and I&#039;ve tried A LOT). Currently on it to help with my ADHD and Manic Depression (Bipolar 2)


Side effects are small and definitely worth it (to me, at least). Dry mouth and decrease in appetite.

I&#039;ve also lost 40 pounds since I&#039;ve been on it (Went from 182 pounds to *currently* 142 pounds)"
"The new lidoderm patches from Mylan are not effective because they do not stay on, and they do not let my skin underneath breathe.and they want to stick to themselves which make them ineffective. I will not use them ever again. The Qualitest lidoderm patches work wonderfully. The Mylan do not work in all fields. It needs alot of work."
"I was diagnosed with MS on March 28th, 2013. at that time, Gilenya was the only oral medication..however Tecfedra had just just came out. My neuro gave me the option of injections or Gilenya...really? No brainer..pill please. Novartis is amazing. First of all, in order to get on Gilenya, you have to get an EKG before your first dose, and then after as well. Then you need to  be monitored in a facility for 6 hours, where they check your heart rate every however often. Gilenya has worked great for me, I have no side affects.I have symptoms of course but no issues with the drug itself. I&#039;m so grateful to Novartis, what an amazing company"
"When I was found to have MS I was put on Rebif  for 6 months until Gilenya became available. The side effects on Rebif were severe.I was never able to eliminate them. After only 3 weeks on Gilenya, I couldn&#039;t believe how much better I felt. Not only were there no side effects noticed, but I actually felt better than I&#039;ve felt for several years. It has noticably improved my life."
"The worst colon prep I have used. It caused bloating, slight nausea, growling stomach, and stomach cramps. I lived in the bathroom.  Never ending. Taking one bottle and having to consume about 42 oz of water within one hour AND THEN having to repeat the process six hours later."
"I&#039;m fighting HPV for a year and half now
Aldara works
but it takes long time
be patient 
it might burn you some times
make sure the area is clean and dry
avoid using tea tree oil or ACV while on Aldara therapy"
"I got nexplanon in Jan 2016 when I was 17  , worst decision ever. Right off the bat, 2 weeks into it , my heavy periods came for almost 2 months. Then it was gone for almost a whole year. Then things started again. Mood swings , headaches, breast pain here and there, pain in my bladder area , also depression and anxiety. I&#039;m scheduled to take it out in Jan 2018 , hope I can feel free and happy again. Definitely would not recommend especially to young girls."
"This medication relieved my nerve pain from my neck that was also affecting my arms. It worked almost immediately. I was soon able to turn my head and use my right arm. Just watch for side effects."
"Very good results.  My skin has not looked this good in a very long time."
"I&#039;d had some problems with sulfur/eggy burps when increasing from 1.2 to 1.8, including gastrointestinal tract distress.  My endocrinologist recommended using a Simethicone-containing OTC medicine. I&#039;ve just reached the 1.8 dosage, by increasing from 1.2 to 1.8 by two-click increases, along with a Simethicone OTC consisting of two 180mg caplets - with no problems, so far.  Will try reducing to one caplet per day.  

My GP suggested the burps may be GERD, which I&#039;ve never had before, and I saw the earlier post about the sulfur/eggy burps being due to dead stomach flora.  Will try reintroducing GI bacteria (pro-biotics?) and let you know if I can get off the Simethicone altogether."
"Use of this medicine is to very effective in treating the illnesses for which it is prescribed.  They will also admit that it is an extremely safe medicine to use. Valium when used by me, sporadically, as needed, effectively treats my anxiety episodes, which untreated would probably lead to ulcers."
"Week 1: Pro&#039;s lost 10 pounds, eat less. Con&#039;s: had headache for 6 days, pills wears out by afternoon, 5pm-6pm. Analysis: user must put effort in portion control or weight will come back after finished with medication. Will follow up in another week. Meal plan: 1500 per day. exercise 5 days week cardio, and strength."
"I got this medicine last month, and am now start to getting good results."
"As everyone knows kidney stones are very painful and very uncomfortable. My doctor prescribed me this medication to help to ease the pain. And it seriously works. I do not like taking pain medication, so I was pleased when I took this and it actually worked."
"I took this pill yesterday around 9 pm... I felt fine. I actually had no nausea maybe a slight bit of dizziness but that&#039;s about it. I woke up this morning after sleeping for 10 hours and I still felt exhausted. Today I&#039;ve been tired all day to where I could probably pass out any time but already having two kids I can say what I&#039;ve felt from this pill is no match for what I felt with pregnancy and motherhood. "
"I have mild redness and swelling of pimples and scarring due to stress that I just could not clear up with over the counter products. I decided to go to a dermatologist and they prescribed me Epiduo (cream) and Minocycline (a pill) to help with the inflammation. I do have sensitive skin and each day I use it, it does burn when I put it on and leaves my face red and very dry! But.....I already see an improvement in my skin! They did say to use Epiduo gel every OTHER day if the redness and dryness continues. I am also using CeraVe lotion afterwards to moisturize (their recommendation) and it does not leave an oily residue like others I have tried and it truly is a great light weight lotion! I have faith in this acne product! Keep using it! :)"
"I have been taking 25 mg Amitriptyline for several years almost every night and really couldn&#039;t be more pleased and grateful. I call it my miracle cure for insomnia, as long as it&#039;s taken at the right time (9 pm). Too late in the evening it doesn&#039;t work very well. My initial dose of 50 mg caused too much postural syncope (dizziness upon standing). If I need to boost it, I can take 1mg melatonin, but I will have a later time to rise and a bit of a hangover. I initially took this drug for chronic dyspepsia and I suspect that routine use is keeping that at bay."
"It is hard to describe the taste. Sort of like a concoction of sweetart, cherry flavor, salty taste with a hint of sweetness all mixed together.  I have had worse tasting meds. It took about 5 minutes to drink it and then I started on the first 16oz. Bottle of water.  I felt very full and for me walking around the house helped. I belched a few times and within 15 min. I had to go to the bathroom and then about every 5 min. For the next 30 min. Or so.  After that it started slowing down and I didn&#039;t have to go as much. I&#039;m almost totally clear after the 1st round.  I recommend baby wipes and Vaseline to keep from chaffing also brush your teeth and rinse to get rid of the after taste. It really helps."
"I have been a smoker for 30  years. I decided when I hit 50 it was time to quit! I pretty much didn&#039;t change my habit the first week. Gradually the smoking got lighter to where 
I would have a couple on Saturday, usually with a glass of wine.  Then about a month and a half later it was a big yuck! The smell and taste were disgusting. I still had one smoke a week and now nothing. I have been cigarette free for one month now. I am on my last week of a 3 month program and I feel I am now a &quot;recovering&quot; smoker. I still sometimes have an urge, but it passes quickly. There really were no serious side effects. I did experience some nausea. To add to this, I WAS a heavy wine drinker before I started taking this medication. Now I am a light drinker."
"I just got the Kyleena inserted today. I had a baby two months ago and just got my first period. I did not take any medication before or after. The insertion hurt, but it just felt like typical period cramps. I&#039;ve had a tiny bit of cramping here and there but I went to work for 10 hours after and went running. I love it so far! I&#039;ve had a little bit of brownish bleeding but I&#039;m pretty sure it&#039;s just from the downfall of my period. I&#039;ll update again in a few months to see if things change. I feel like this is just all for your body. Some people react different than others. Definitely worth a shot. Super quick insertion and removal!"
"Starting any new seizure med to me is just straight up scary. I think they are running out of drugs to try. So I have to admit I was a bit worried when I heard the side effects. They have me listed as allergic to depakote, vimpat and keppra but honestly it was how nasty the side effects were. My personality hasn&#039;t changed at all on this drug. However, I never was an &quot;active&quot; sleeper which is what I turned into for awhile. It seems to be slowly going away but it was very weird waking up because I was dreaming I was swimming and hit the wall with my foot. As many people with epilepsy know not a horrible side effect. I was having petite mals daily and grand mals probably weekly. Since I started fycompa I have had two petite mal seizures."
"I have about 9 months left out of my three years with Implanon and I&#039;m glad to see that girls have a lot of good things to say about this method of birth control. Sadly, that is not my case. My first year was okay, my periods were light and sometimes non existent. Although I did still have the cramps and PMS. As I was coming up on the 2nd year, just two months before, I did have a period that was full of heavy bleeding and painful cramps. This one lasted almost 3 months! I got extremely sick and anemic. Since then my periods have returned to normal. It is a good way to not get pregnant and I didn&#039;t notice any weight gain."
"I do not reccomended this AT ALL. Within a week of taking this, I started hallucinating and I got really bad akethesia. I was up for 3 days seeing things, hearing thinks, and I was even having tactile hallucinations. Most horrible experience I&#039;ve ever had."
"I really love this product.  I don&#039;t have the irritation from the patch like some people are having.  I did find out that if you have a problem with the patch not sticking, clean the area with rubbing alcohol before placing the patch and that helps it to stick just fine.  Maybe that would also help the ones with the irritation as well.  Worth a try anyway.    A little crinkling noise is worth dealing with compared to dealing with overactive bladder.  Another small issue is I feel that one patch is not as effective."
"Worked well in lowering my blood pressure, pulse rate, even helped some with my anxiety. I&#039;ve noticed no side effects, which is great because usually I find some reason to dislike drugs I am prescribed to. However I&#039;ve had no issues with this."
"Well I liked it at first. But now am running to the doctor to get it removed. Headaches,acne,nausea and weight gain ,sometimes lost of appetite. Bitchy  mood swings... more depressed Got it 2/2015"
"I&#039;m definitely losing weight extremely fast with this medication. I took 25 mg at night the first 30 days and I&#039;m now on the start of the third month at 50 mg at night, also, 37.5 mg Adipex every morning. With Topamax I CANNOT eat. Everything I eat makes me sick. It definitely changes you&#039;re sense of taste and smell which has pretty much stopped my smoking. So, there are huge benefits just the side effects can be a little unbearable at times. I&#039;ve lost 28.7 pounds in 2 months"
"This has been an amazing contraceptive. My girlfriend is really happy with the results and I find it to be very effective."
"I&#039;ve been on Depo for about 7 years.  My doctor never told me that I shouldn&#039;t be on it for so long, but others have.  I would have rated it a 10 because it stopped my period. I would get occasional spotting like once a year. WONDERFUL! Also, it&#039;s easy to remember to schedule your appointment every three months - 10 minutes in and out of the doctors office.  My insurance covered the shot and everything is good there. However, I cannot lose weight. No matter what I&#039;ve tried. I can&#039;t get rid of it and I blame Depo for that. Also, I&#039;m nervous about the decrease of my bone density. So I am now looking to go to Implanon and hope for the better."
"I had daily migraines for several years. I have been prescribed many different preventatives but was taking 50mg of Imitrex and 4 Tylenol #3 a day for pain relief.
Since my neurologist started me on Elavil at 25 mg and finally building up to 50 mg a night (2 months ago) I have only used 2 Imitrex and no more Tylenol with Codeine. This is truly miraculous! The only down side is a 10 lb weight gain. I eat a pretty restricted diet to begin with (no butter or fats, lean meats/fish and no sweets or snack foods). I am trying to further reduce my caloric intake to stop the weight gain. Anyway, I would rather be a little chubby and almost pain free."
"I have been taking Setraline for 6 months  due to Anxiety and mild depression. I am a natural happy and outgoing woman, but due to pressure and high expectations, I guess,  I started feeling anxious and sad all the time. I used to feel chest tightness, rapid palpitations and fear to fail or not do good in life and eventually become a failure. I remember I used to get horrible headaches on a daily basis and even stomach issues. Mind you, I even had a colonoscopy and endoscopy done due to the severity of the digestive problem although the results were okay. Also, I hadinsomia and fatigue. I must confess that all those terrible &quot;symptoms&quot; went away once I started taking this medicine. My mood has improved and I&#039;ve noticed that I am much happier."
"I have horrible hay fever. Regular antihistamines do not work for me. I still suffer a lot if I take them. Terrible itchy eyes, runny nose, terrible asthma at night which kept me up, and a whole lot of sneezing and an achy body. My doctor prescribed me Singulair along with Patanol and Nasonex. Singulair has changed my life forever. My symptoms have been reduced by as much as 95%. I have no asthma, sneeze occasionally and my itchy eye episodes occur sporadically but stop within minutes. I don&#039;t usually even carry eye drops with me anymore. Which before would have been insane of me not to do. I&#039;ll give Singulair a 10/10 due to the fact that I&#039;ve had amazing results and it&#039;s the only medication I need to make it through allergy season!"
"My scores went from -3.9 to a -1.08."
"I&#039;ve been on medication like : Remeron, Tegretol, etc for years. I heard about this medicine and asked my doctor and he prescribed it to me (50 mg).
First week..fine, second week.. The worst time of my life. I felt over depressed, my body sore, had panic attacks, felt extremely aggressive. I ended up in hospital, and this great doctor told me that 50 mg is the initial dose but it&#039;s not right because this drug is highly concentrated. I nearly had an overdose bcause of the 50 mg! So as the psychiatrist from the hospital told me to take just 25mg, I now feel alive and happy again."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia in 1998 and I have been on a LOT of different medicines. This medicine does NOTHING for my pain but it DOES help my mood a lot. Like many people with FMS I suffer from periodic depression and over the years I have been put on almost every type of antidepressant but all of them left me feeling numb to everything - including if I woke up the next day or not. That feeling always terrified me so I had stopped taking any antidepressants. In October of 2014 my doctor suggested I try this and it has made a HUGE difference in my mood without leaving me numb.  If this helped with my pain I would rate it higher but it is amazing for depression."
"I started Genvoya over a week ago. After the 1st night I realized I most likely didn&#039;t hit REM sleep. I asked my doctor about it and he said that if taken right before bed, it can cause sleep issues for the first couple months or so. He told me to take it earlier mid afternoon instead. That way my body has time to metabolize the drug before I sleep. I have been sleeping great since. The biggest side effect is the bloated feeling. It does make you very gassy, constipated and makes your natural gag reflex very sensitive. I have vomited 3 times since being on the medication just from coughing or laughing. The doctor said these effects are normal and should go away as my body gets used to the drug. I used CareAssist to pay for Genvoya."
"I was craving for sleep for the last few years. I used to feel so tired and no energy. I just take half of 25 mg of Seroquel and no matter what sort of physical pain or condition I am good to sleep. Waking up fresh next day. Have not had any side effects. Have been taking for the last three months. God Bless Astra Zenca."
"I have been on Implanon for almost two years. For the first year I wasn&#039;t with anyone and the implant worked great. But back in July I started bleeding hard and I had never had this before. I have had a weight gain of 20lbs and can&#039;t seem to work it off. I have been moody and very sleepy some times for no reason. There are some days that I sleep all day and all night. My OBGYN says that it has nothing to do with the implant but I haven&#039;t slept like that since I have had it removed."
"Workedad wonders!"
"I am a 75 year old male, and have reoccurring bout with Iritis, this is the ONLY medication that I take for it (there is another more powerful med. but I can&#039;t think of the name of it) . The only side affect I have is a momentary burning however it is only momentary.  I think the med. great and I recommend it."
"This medicine is the bees knees."
"I haven&#039;t had too many issues on this birth control and have been on it for around six months. I have not experienced mood swings unless about to start my period. The only experience with nausea and this pill are when I have taken it mid day and eat absolutely nothing. So far, I have not gotten pregnant, and my severe back acne has completely cleared up. Overall, I recommend this pill."
"Have been in agony with uti after uti burning and sick and debilitated and no other antibiotics touched it. Had positive strep b culture. Finally feel relief after Rocefin injection. It also helped before quickly with sinus infection. Highly recommend. Antibiotics are awful with deadly side effects. Ciprofloxacin and Levaquin can kill you. Research those two on side effects."
"I have been off and on Lamictal sense i was 15 years old (I am 22 years old now) I have never had a problem with it even going through 2 pregnancies. Very happy with it."
"Gets rid of my headaches easily but sometimes takes an hour before it works.  Taking it on an empty stomach seems to speed up things.  The only down side is they are quite expensive even with insurance."
"I have been on it for about 2 months now. I have had no side effects at all, not even spotting. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s affecting my acne. I&#039;m actually very happy with the pill in most ways except one. IT MAKES ME CRAVE FOOD! That is a BIG NO NO for me! I&#039;m on a strict workout/dieting plan. Trying to shave off those love handles before I hit the beaches. But how can it work if I&#039;m always eating! But other than that I&#039;m happy with it. Apparently it affects your sex drive.. but I&#039;ve had no such problems. Sex is as regular and enjoyable for me as always. I&#039;ve had no dryness or anything like that. So overall I say it&#039;s great for me minus the food issue. "
"I am a reasonably well controlled insulin dependant diabetic. I was put onto flecainide as I was unable to have an atrial ablation and had reacted badly to both beta blockers and calcium blockers. Within 24 hrs of taking a dosage of 30 g , twice, I lost all control of my blood sugars.  I stopped taking flecainide within 48 hrs of the start due to out of control blood reads ie excessively high. 2 days further down the line I still have no control of my blood sugars and have so trebled the amount of insulin I would normally take, eg 14 at breakfast to 8( plus an additional 8 units mid morning). 18 at lunch compared to a usual 8 units as examples.  My diet has currently very little carbs in it as I attempt to get things back under control."
"This is the first time I have ever reviewed a medication, or that one has had such fast results and I hope, will have such an incredible impact on my life.  I have experienced underarm sweating for most of my adult life.  I am now in my early 40&#039;s.  Like many, I have had to alter my wardrobe to accommodate my condition.  For many years, I just thought it was part of me and that it wasn&#039;t really a treatable condition.  I just got my doctor to prescribe this and after one night of use, I am sweat free for the first time in 15 years.  It is 85 degrees today with 100% humidity- not a drop.  Very slight burning for an hour after I put it on, but bearable.  I&#039;m hopeful this will continue.  Please, if you have this issue, try it."
"I&#039;m 52 years old and felt my life was meaningless, and extremely hard facing everyday routines and now I&#039;m sitting in the garage and feel like I could sit here all day. This is my second day and I feel the best I have in 30 years. Before I couldn&#039;t sit here without my mind racing a million times a second and getting up and feeling anxious. I took the day off from work not knowing what my anxiety was going to do, but look forward to going to work tomorrow. So far life is good and I hope this is the miracle drug I&#039;ve been longing for."
"Had an allergic reaction: shortness of breath, uncontrollable shaking, dizziness, near fainting, headache, fast heart rate. "
"I love Topamax. I can only take the minimal dosage or else I will get the tingling and start to feel a little out of it. I was suffering from silent migraines for over a year and a half. Nausea, vomiting, blurred vision, light headedness, fatigue, upset stomach and daily headaches but the headaches could be cured with ibuprofen. Of course, it took a while to figure out that these symptoms were all caused by migraines but they were and after taking Topamax for 2 weeks I stopped having silent migraines. 

I even went off of it after about 3 months of being on it, just to see if my body had possibly regulated itself, but it had not. I was sick again in no time. It was horrible. It took about 2 weeks for the Topamax to kick back in."
"Thank God for this medication! After a few major life changes I recently went through I developed an anxiety disorder on top of frequent panic attacks. After trying a few medicines my PCP put me on a Xanax regimen. BAD IDEA! Within 2 1/2 months I was up to 4-5mg/day! I got sick of it and went to a Psychiatric Nurse Practitioner. After being appalled that I was prescribed that much Xanax she put me on a Gabapentin regimen. 100mg 3x&#039;s a day for one week, then 200mg 3x&#039;s a day for my second week. Then a follow up. I just started my second week and I&#039;m already taking less than half of the Xanax I was needing. She said within a month I&#039;ll be off the Xanax. I feel great all day. I don&#039;t even feel like I need the Xanax."
"I used Nuva Ring successfully for almost 3 years, no side effects it was perfect for what I needed. An easy to use no worry birth control method. Over the last two years I&#039;ve had a dramatic increase in side effects, zero, and I mean ZERO sex drive. Fortunately my fianc"
"My doctor put me on Levaquin to help my sinusitis and also a tummy issue I&#039;ve been having. So far so good. I feel better already with increased energy but I&#039;m not sleeping. I have dry mouth but solved that by keeping a bottle of water by the bed. Just took a sip every time I woke up (which was like every 1/2 hour)."
"Xanax helped me major status! When I was 22 years old tried spice its a messed up chemical synthetic THC bull.. anyways I smoked three bowls and then boom I couldn&#039;t breath my hands and muscles tightened up and I couldn&#039;t move. And my chest felt like I had 500 pounds on it! I thought I was dying and my whole body was tingly! Went to the hospital and they diagnose with GAD and panic disorder. For three months I did not leave my house and I thought I was dying 50% of the time. So my doctor put me on Ativan for a month I stopped taking it in 5 days. I felt like I was going insane. So I was given. Xanax for a month. The first time taking it BOOM it all stopped I was a normal person it helped me get over all my panic attacks! 0.5Mg as needed!"
"First two months on this implant were great! No pain with insertion, normal periods (maybe one day longer total), slight breast tenderness, no noticeable change in sex drive/weight/attitude. But that&#039;s were my good review ends, sadly. 4 days after my second period I started bleeding heavily. This has lasted for 3+ weeks, and I got it removed yesterday bc I cannot deal with it anymore. Since the bleeding started I broke out, have been increasingly up then down, on the verge of tears most days, and barely feeling sexual (probably due to the fact I&#039;m bleeding). NP at planned parenthood has said lots of women have gotten this removed because of bleeding that lasts for weeks, and that it may take me a few MORE weeks to stop."
"I am male, 62 year old. Got a blood clot the entire length of my saphenous vein. I was put on generic warfarin first at 2.5mg/day. I got sweaty, headachy, and felt depressed. This went on for two weeks until I read reviews about Coumadin on this site. Switched to Coumadin. INR stabilized, sweats went away, and headaches went away in about 10 days.
I know that Coumadin and Warfarin are supposed to be chemically the same molecule. I propose that the objective differences between these two drugs most likely can be accounted for by considering that one may have more pure isomers than the other."
"it&#039;s too early to tell if it&#039;s working it&#039;s just the difficult side effects. I&#039;ve been dealing with brutal acid reflux and pain after swallowing (as soon as food hits the top of my stomach there is severe cramping and pain.) However, these are tips that have personally helped me quite a bit. I am not a professional in anyway:

1. Drink with a TON of water
2. Never EVER take on an empty stomach
3. Eat with a large NON-acidic meal; 
Good: bread, rice, potatoes, bananas, milk, plain chicken 
Bad: Citrus fruit, tomatoes, oils, anything fried, anything carbonated, anything with lots of spices.
4. Do not lay down right after taking
5. Take a probiotic but take at least a few hours before or after taking this"
"Too many restrictions and not a lot of other medication can be used with Nardil...lots of interactions.  Going off of Nardil caused some side effects as well."
"I&#039;ve been on this for 10 months and I haven&#039;t had my period since month three, this did not lower my sex drive or make me gain weight. Everyone is different, do research before deciding which birth control method is best for you!"
"I was really worried at first because of all the negative comments. I just finished my first month of Microgestin, and I had absolutely no side effects. I have not seen significant weight gain or terrible acne. In fact, I think this medication has actually reduced my acne! My skin&#039;s clear and smooth, and I don&#039;t have painful heavy periods anymore. I think it&#039;s worth giving this medication a try!"
"Trileptal changed my life. After anti-psychotics not being a good add on to my Lithium and Lamitcal because of heavy non-functional side effects/not tolerated. I searched so long and hard for something that might be able to help stabilize my mood (mostly mania). I have been taking Tripetal at a low dose of 600mg per day for 3 weeks, in addition to my current medication, and just in the first week my mood evened out, I felt normal or whatever normal probably feels like. I am now able to go into therapy and tackle some of my addiction/impulsive behavior that I did not have the capacity to do before when I was not in my right mind. I am so grateful for this medicine for my Bipolar disorder."
"This medicine works better than any other allergy medication with decongestion that I have ever tried."
"I&#039;m 18. This is the first pill I&#039;ve been on. I&#039;ve been taking it for 4 months every day at the same time, no missed pill. The first month I was very moody, anything set me off. I&#039;m fine now, but considering swapping because each month when &quot;ovulation&quot; would occur, I bleed. It&#039;s constant spotting for almost a week at a time. Of course, I was on antibiotics at one point. But other than that 1 month, I&#039;ve bled. I&#039;m tired of the spotting, but they said give it a few months. Not sure what to do. Breasts did get larger. 
Just don&#039;t like the spotting at all."
"I read these reviews for over a month before even taking these meds. I will say this, you just have to go for it. Best decision I&#039;ve made in a VERY long time. Abilify has helped me in so many ways! I was at my lowest point. I was severely depressed. I&#039;ve been taking this medication for over a month &amp; hands down I feel great. Yes I still have my days but  they are for sure getting better.. All I want to say is do NOT let what other people say stop you from getting better. Try it for at least 6 wks &amp; judge for yourself. At this point weight gain is welcomed for me. I lost so much weight I&#039;d like to gain at least 30 lol. I am just happy to feel &quot;NORMAL&quot; again. I hope all of you get better. Stay Strong &amp; never give up. Stay Blessed "
"I&#039;ve been on a short term detox from painkillers using Suboxone. It truly is a miracle drug, if used correctly. I think long-term use is starting to look like a nightmare scenario for some. Be careful, use for less than 2 weeks and you&#039;ll be good. Less is more."
"I&#039;m a 68 year-old male and I&#039;ve taken this drug for almost 10 years and it has helped me enormously. I have had no side effects yet my doctor now says he wants me to get off it. I asked why and he said Ambien is dangerous. After 10 years now it&#039;s dangerous? I now am cutting down to 1/4 of 5mg and it is not working. I asked what options do I have and he said &quot;natural sleep is best&quot; Thanks, doctor."
"I am usually not the type to comment or write a review I feel so lost, helpless and alone about this subject. I decided to go on some method of birth control because I was having abnormal bleeding since October 2014 (two times a month, week long heavy bleeding). I got Depo shot in Feb. and wouldn&#039;t stop bleeding. Then my doc decided I should try IUD Mirena in April. I literally bleed (Feb-End of July) non stop! It stopped for 3 weeks in August .... So far I&#039;ve been on my period since start of Sept! I see no sign of stopping. I&#039;ve never been pregnant and the insertion process was painful it put me to tears. Worst cramp I&#039;ve ever had and that lasted all day. Occasionally I get sharp cramping that last 5-10minutes. :( I feel helpless."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for about 3 weeks now. I don&#039;t remember the last time I&#039;ve had a full meal of food. My appetite has decreased drastically and whenever I see food I get nauseous."
"I have fairly severe anxiety and depression, as well as some insomnia. I&#039;ve only been on this medication for a few days. I have tried Lexapro, Buspirone, Zoloft, Gabapentin, Trazadone, and Topamax. I was on Lexapro for about three years and it worked wonders. All of the others either had little to no effect or had terrible side effects. I am now coming off Zoloft and starting Remeron (mirtazipine) combined with Effexor Xr. Although I have not been on it long enough for it to improve my mood, I have noticed that it makes me feel almost zombie like. It helps me sleep, but I have to force myself out of bed and I am constantly tired throughout the day. I am going to give it some time and see how it goes."
"I&#039;ve been on Implanon now for about 2 and half years now and I&#039;m still getting my periods. They started off normal &amp; now they are just irregular. I&#039;ve had my period now for the past three weeks now and it&#039;s not normal period blood it&#039;s more brown and chunky than anything I&#039;ve experienced before. I&#039;m not the type to go to the Drs. but it&#039;s getting to the point where it&#039;s ruining my sex life. I never had depression or weight loss or gained any but I do get less headaches then what I did before. I would recommend the Implanon to people who are forgetful about taking pills it&#039;s just risky because the symptoms are different for everyone."
"DO NOT TAKE IT!!!!
Ever since I got my first shot in January 2016, I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding. (It&#039;s May 2016). It gives me horrible cramps, mood swings, and decrease in breast size. I had basically all the bad symptoms from this birth control... Please DON&#039;T take it. 

I&#039;ve been bleeding for 4 months straight and it&#039;s driving me insane. Please pray for me that this will end soon."
"I had mine inserted about 2 weeks ago. I was 6 weeks postpartum. Had very little spotting mostly with wiping. No cramping and insertion was painless. However, that is probably because I just had a baby! The only thing that is bothersome is my husband can feel the strings. I can feel it poking out of my cervix too. If we can&#039;t even enjoy sexy time I am getting it removed even though I personally love it."
"I&#039;ve struggled with acne since I was about 13. I&#039;ve used Proactive, Clean &amp; Clear, Neutrogena, AcneFree, etc. and every other acne system you can think of. 
This product gets rid of my acne in about 4 days; it is all I need now. It doesn&#039;t matter what face wash, or toners you use with this, because all you need is the Acanya gel. It&#039;s pretty expensive but one bottle (only put on problem spots) lasts me about 4 months.

Acanya has completely has kept my acne away for about a year now. As soon as you put it on, the next morning the size of the bumps reduce in size dramatically. About a week later, I had no acne. I didn&#039;t have bad skin, I just needed the right product."
"It worked for a while then it stopped working a few months later"
"I have suffered from debilitating migraines for years and have tried to take different medicines and avoid triggers and nothing worked until I used topamax... so it seemed. I&#039;ve been on a 100mg dose for about 6 months and am currently weening off it because I would rather die of migraine pain than live with the side effects of this terrible drug!(yes i know thats a big statement) However because of this drug at the young age of 18 I have been dissolved into an 80 year old woman. I cant remember anything, I went from an A to a D in math, I will completely forget life events and how I got places even when I was the one who drove, I am constantly dehydrated, yet always have a strong urge to urinated causing me to wet the bed..."
"The only positive of Nexplanon is that you don&#039;t have to worry about it for 3 years. But the negatives definitely outweigh the positive.

I bled for 2 and a half months straight when I started it, and now I constantly am wearing a liner because of random spotting and periods. Periods last more than 2 weeks, which led to other issues such as yeast infections, etc.

Sex drive is an all time low, and I get mood swings. I also get hot flashes from it.

I really don&#039;t recommended this to anyone."
"I found the right antidepressant (Pristiq) but had to deal with erectile dysfunction as a result.  Viagra worked but made my heart feel like it was going to explode after sex.  Nothing like that with Cialis and I&#039;m back to enjoying sex again. Three thumbs up!"
"Been on Victoza for 6 days, Dr started me right on the 1.8 dose. Still use a for a couple days, cravings sided dramatically, I am tolerating this med successfully. Not sure of my A1C as yet, but my fasting blood glucose has gone from an average of 200 down to 115 this morning, lost 3 lbs..... Wow!"
"Any time that I have pain from over exertion resulting in muscle pain or an infrequent headache my go to medicine is Anacin. For me it works FAR better than Advil, Aleve, Tylenol or Aspirin. This week I had pain from running and had no relief from other products but once I found Anacin I had relief within 1 hour and the relief has lasted. Once, when I had minor surgery the Anacin worked much better than Tylenol 3 that was prescribed for me. I have no idea why Anacin works better for me but it always has."
"I&#039;ve been on Ciprofloxcin for 3 days now for a urinary tract infection and I don&#039;t know what&#039;s worst...the pain from the actual infection or the horrible feeling this medication has given me. Every time I take it it gives me a headache, I feel drained and dizzy and give me this restless anxiety attack feeling. I hope that at the end of my 7 day cycle it will be worth it but so far I feel worst than better."
"Horrible product I took it at night about 7pm woke up with stomach hurting by 4am went to use bathroom but all that happened was major cramps and stomach in so much pain it was seriously as bad as labor contractions I was in so much pain I ended up throwing up three times because this pain came and go non-stop for about  4 1/2 hours worst pain ever. I did have a couple bowel motions but seriously not worth the horrible stomach pain and cramping, throwing up  and sweating because of it. Better off trying magnesium. My stomach region is now a day later still sore."
"Hi There I&#039;ve been on Saxenda for three weeks now up to 1.8 no results I&#039;ve actually put on weight. I haven&#039;t had any side effects. Very disappointed but will hang in there till I finish the script but probably won&#039;t buy the new script."
"I am a 25 year old female who was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s almost 2 months ago. Pentasa has helped to relieve the very severe stomach cramping I was experiencing before my diagnosis. This is the first treatment my doctor has given me but after a month of taking 4-250mg capsules 4 times a day (in combination with Budesonide 9m) I finally feel comfortable after eating.  I&#039;m not noticing any side effects yet. Maybe I&#039;m lucky though after reading some of these other reviews. I wish I didn&#039;t have to take 16 of them each day, but to be able to stand up after a meal is wonderful for someone who used to keel over screaming and crying with a rock hard stomach after eating!"
"Lost over ten pounds in ten days. Had some nausea on random days but not every day or consistently or necessarily when my dose went up. Pleased with results overall though my weight loss wasn&#039;t as dramatic or fast as other people&#039;s."
"I&#039;ve been using this for about 8 months my periods up until the 6th month were regular some didn&#039;t come until the 3rd or 4th day on the placebo pills but then they got lighter and lighter this month I haven&#039;t bled at all it makes me nervous but I&#039;ve heard this is normal. Other than that I&#039;ve had no other issues."
"WARNING: Majority of the positive reviews for this drug are from people that are new to Vyvanse and problem is that this drug works wonders at start but benefits quickly starts to diminish and side effects start to get worse.
I took vyvanse for two years and at first it worked great for ADD. However after taking it consistently for few months I started experiencing anxiety, depression, aggressiveness, anti social behavior, insomnia and isolation... things I never experienced before in my life. The drug is also very addictive because if you stop you feel 100x worse then before you started taking it but the longer you take it the higher dosage you need to get same effect. Eventually it stops working and you just need it to get out of bed."
"I liked Topamax because I never worried about having a seizure. I obtained complete control and the added benefit of helping the migraines, however the MD discontinued it after I had personality changes, severe weight loss and acidosis. "
"I took Abilify for over a year, at 30mg. I remember a few pros and cons.
Pro: I became ok with not having to talk, explain, or stir up &#039;energy&#039; at public gatherings. (Took away the &quot;prophet - tell them or they&#039;ll all die&quot; urge completely.)
Pro: I could complete projects without superstition or worry that every tiny detail could lead to catastrophe.
Con: Severe Akathisia (very painful, and pain wasn&#039;t managed at all in the hospital. This is why I don&#039;t take anti psychotics anymore!)
Con: Loss of creativity/writers block
Con: Very flat personality.
Con: Visual, auditory and tactile hallucinations did not go away so they kept increasing dose to highest dose - still never went away.
If there was no pain, I&#039;d give this a 9."
"Day 3 of taking doxycycline and my eyes are burning and swelling, any one else have this problem? Does it eventually stop? Should I stop taking or should I tough it out?"
"I had massive amount of fluid retention and I lost 50 pounds in 5 days @ 1 pill a day taken with my Lasix , it worked great for me and I&#039;m very happy with the results .... thanks to my new doctor , it got rid of a lot of fluid that was inside of me and I thank God he gave then to me ... that is the only thing that worked for me . Now I&#039;m 70 pounds lighter thanks to that lil small pill ....."
"The best antidepressant drug there is right now hands down and I have been on all of them. I take before I go to bed and sleep well and wake up and can do the things I need to do that I couldn&#039;t do before this drug. "
"Had my first shot in my left knee almost 3 years ago!  Was amazing and still no issues to this day. My second shot was in the right knee which lasted a little over a year and just had the third in that same knee.  Almost PAIN free in both.  Far better than surgery!!!  Highly recommend before opting for surgery!!"
"I&#039;m a week away from finishing my second free trial pack from my doc, and I won&#039;t be taking anymore. I switched from sprintec, because he said they were lower dose and would make my periods lighter. I was sold on the less hormones. So I get home to Google these, and of course they&#039;re practically brand new. I hate being a Guinea Pig, and 5 bucks says doctors are getting paid to prescribe them. They make me sick to my stomach, and I&#039;ve had terrible migraines. My face is broken out, but I&#039;m not pregnant. (At least I hope not) I say this because this was literally the shortest period I&#039;ve ever had, like 2 days, 2 tampons two pads. Which actually freaks me out. My 5 day periods were light and just fine. Not bleeding doesn&#039;t seem natural to me"
"I am on forteo for two months. I am not sure if my T score has improved since I haven&#039;t taken a BD test yet. However, I have experience many side effects with forteo: 5 min after injection (which I hate), I start feeling tremendous pain at the lowe part of my spine. I found out that I can aleviate this pain by moving around (walking fast) for 15 min. I also discovered a very bad interaction with alcohol. Even a small glass of sangria during dinner, had as a result the development of an extreme pain after injection and inability to move for 45 min. Recently, I have also experienced a similar problem when I was on azythromycin for some mouth infection....Other symptoms I have 2 h after injection are flu-kind symptoms, shivering, insomnia"
"My husband was in hospital for a week. They saved his life with this medication. He has change a lot and not side effects, now his talk his happy 99% change. Hope he continues like that."
"I first reviewed this in November 2010, (see past comments). I have since had ALIF surgery (anterior multi level fusion l-3, 4 and 5), and am feeling better everyday. I have been prescribed every painkiller in the book for the past year and a half, nothing provides the pain relief with minimal side effects that Nucynta does. Nothing. In the hospital I was injected with 2mg morphine every 3 hours plus oxycodone every 4 hours and was a complete zombie. Left the hospital, took 100mg Nucynta and received the same relief with no ill effects. It&#039;s been 2 weeks. Now taking 50mg 3x daily."
"Got pain gone"
"I&#039;m 24, previously taking oral contraceptives for 9 years. I&#039;m giving this 5 because it is effective in the most basic sense. I no longer worry about getting pregnant or taking pills and my periods are regular and very light. However I am one year in and planning to get it removed because of the side effects. First, the insertion was incredibly painful for me followed by excruciating cramps. The first 6 months was radical mood swings, acne, weight gain and cramping that gradually stabilized. I&#039;m a year in now though and I&#039;m finding it hard to work off the weight, I&#039;m still very emotional, my skin is bad (possibly unrelated but my eczema has come back), low sex drive. I gave it a chance but I&#039;d rather take pills/use condoms and be happy."
"Hello all. I am a chronic pain sufferer, and am allergic to most pain medications. Zohydro 40mg er works wonders for me. I take it twice per day, with one 10mg hydrocodone for breakthrough pain relief. My situation is so serious, that at times, I&#039;ve wanted to die. The pain is just that bad, but now I&#039;m getting relief~ it sort if let&#039;s levels it off, and my ability to function without the constant thought of hurting is greater. It&#039;s an absolute pain reliever."
"I started taking this pill when I was 21 years old. Because of recent times, I switched to the Mirena IUD, and it didn&#039;t work for me for various reasons. I switched back to this pill January 2017 and love it. I like this pill because while you absolutely SHOULD take it at the same time everyday, as long as you take it within a few hours of the same time each day--you should be fine. I&#039;ve never had a pregnancy scare on this pill, so that&#039;s a major benefit. No crazy mood swings or bad side effects. This time around I will say this: my period is way lighter. Used to last 7 days, now only lasts 5. One and only bummer was the first month or two my appetite was weird - this symptom went away after 2 months though! Highly recommend this BC."
"Took for bipolar disorder (for the depression). In small doses, this caused me to be too sleepy to function. When I took a large dose at night however, it knocked me out and I was good the next day. This really did help with the depression and mood swings. However, it caused significant weight gain. I had to stop taking this when a job had ended and I no longer had insurance. I fought insomnia for around 6 months, but after that time was finally able to sleep again and the weight came out. I would recommend this for someone who really needs it, but not until other medicines have been tried first with no success."
"After all the years of other medications that either didn&#039;t work or I had a reaction to I was prescribed otelza. It was working.No more psoriatic arthritis pain. I didn&#039;t have any side effects and it also cleared up my psoriasis. Amazing. I did lose some weight but that was ok. Unfortunately my insurance company decided not to cover this drug and I couldn&#039;t afford it. After running out I had a bad relapse within a month. I got so sick from the relapse and  I ended up losing my job. My rheumatologist is fighting to get it back. It truly was the only medication that worked for me."
"I was  diagnosed  with DC breast  cancer in November  2014. After 6 chemo treatments, a double  mastectomy  and 33 radiation  treatments, I have been on Tamoxifen  for 7 months. The hot flashes are getting  better at times, and I&#039;m taking Gapapentin  for my hot flashes, the back and hip pain is horrible ,  I have put on 20lbs, I go to the gym 3 to 4 times a week and ride my horse 3 times  a week, but all forced .  I feel bad pretty much all the time. Always sick to my stomach .  Working  out makes me feel more sick, but I push thru it anyway. No matter what I do I can&#039;t drop weight. I&#039;m in the process  of loosing  my eyelashes  for the 4th time . I use  to have pretty, thick hair and now it&#039;s thin. My memory  is horrible. I hate this life."
"Paxil has changed my life. I was terrified to start another medication for depression and anxiety because of all the bad experiences I have had. I have tried over 10 medications and finally after just a week with this medication it has completely changed eveything for me. I feel like my normal self and can enjoy life again!!"
"I&#039;ve had moderate to severe GERD for 10+ years; last med I was on was Lansoprolzale for 5+ years.  Recently, I was switched to Pantaprozale Sodium 40 mg a day; have taken it for less than a week and it&#039;s been hell since the first day I took it. Have had sweats and the worst joint and muscle pains and cramps, and ulcers in my mouth along with a sore throat. At the NP&#039;s advice who prescribed it I also take Magnesium.  I&#039;m stopping this med today and hope these side effects go away soon."
"After finally getting around to reading about the possible side effects, I now know why I am having a major acne breakout, also nausea and very loose stools.  I don&#039;t know what else I can do, but this medicine is not for me."
"I like Wellbutrin SR. It helps me lose weight I was at 174 and now at 155 where I should be. I have tried over 11 medications, but this seems to work great. It gives me more energy which I need working 2 jobs."
"Have to continue this after getting prior authorization. Insurance let me have Victoza for 4 times more the previous copay but Novo disk had that discount card on the website I requested and now my prescription is only $25. Basically the medicine stops my carbohydrate addiction and puts me back in control of what I eat and how my body burns fuel.  This is worth it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Doxy for a while until my face cleared up and I just had a lot of scarring on my face. Later on (mid-December) I starting to break out again and I had leftover Doxy. It doesn&#039;t seem to be as effective as before but it definitely works. You have to be patient and take when needed. I take 2x daily. You really want to eat a meal with this medication, not eating a meal could will you make you feel nauseous and could make you throw up."
"Absolutely and utterly, awful. I wouldn&#039;t recommended this to anybody. I had the implant in for 5 days and suffered a very severe panic attack which led me to the hospital, it was very scary. After this I suffered awful, awful physical symptoms such as: weakness in limbs, extreme dizziness (vertigo symptoms) sickness, my whole body even went numb at one point! I&#039;ve been on and off anti depressants which made things worse until I went back to the family planning and asked if it&#039;s this that&#039;s causing it of course &#039;no no!! absolutely not&#039; went to my doctor who told me &#039;you need to have that removed&#039;. A week after having it out and I&#039;m starting to feel myself again, I&#039;m not saying don&#039;t have it but I&#039;m not saying have it either, it&#039;s awful."
"A year ago I started to feel anxiety in certain social situations. In recent months, the anxiety began to provoke panic attacks. I have researched a lot and I tried a lot of drugs (Diazepam, Alprazolam, Clonazepam, valerian, etizolam etc.. ), but they did not help me. Since studying chemistry I had difficulty working in the lab. I decided to get Propranolol to try a different approach to anxiety / panic attacks. Now I have my life back. There is no shaking, twitches or cracking voice. I do not concern with what might happen because I know that propranolol blocks any fear (not mentally, but physically). I recommend it to all those who suffer from social anxiety accompanied by physical symptoms."
"I went to the ER and they determined I didn&#039;t exactly have a UTI but it was a possibility so they started me on Macrobid. I had never taken it before. Within two days I was hysterical. I had such intense migraines that I fell multiple times and couldn&#039;t see straight. My stomach was a mess, I couldn&#039;t go to the bathroom, I wanted to sleep but I couldn&#039;t fall asleep because my head was pounding too hard. I called my PCP who checked the ER records and told me I had never had a UTI to begin with and to stop the Macrobid ASAP. Once I stopped it the migraines went away, I stopped falling, my gastrointestinal system has now days later, returned to normal."
"My period ended on the first of November. Two days later I had protected sex, but the condom had broke. This was around 7 or 8 o&#039;clock at night. All of the pharmacies were closed so I had to wait. I found Plan B One Step at a local pharmacy and I had taken the pill within 48 hours. Because of the pill I&#039;ve experienced a lot of irritability. It basically just feels like PMS. Today, 6 days after I took the pill, I noticed light bleeding and I&#039;ve had a little bit of cramping. "
"I was on NuvaRing for a little for a year and I absolutely LOVED it! I had NO side effects at all. I was scared to have sex the first time with it in. But after, I asked my boyfriend if he had felt it and he said felt what? So no complaints with that either. I LOVED it!"
"November 2011 at age 19 I went to the gyno to discuss birth control options with the doctor and my fiance (now husband). Children were not a part of our plan so young so we decided to get the Mirena. Financially it was the best option, not to mention the most convenient.The insertion was definitely uncomfortable, and the first 3 months were rough as the IUD settled in and I got that awful jabbing feeling. I gained about 10-15 pounds, but that is an effect of just about any birth control option you use. After being on it almost 4 years I randomly spot, but it&#039;s done it&#039;s job. If you can hang in for the 1st 3 months or so, and you&#039;re looking for an effective, hassle free, long-term birth control I strongly suggest this method!"
"The only thing I hate is the pen injector pushes very hard it actually bothers my thumb joint after 6 months I have to use my other hand to push the injector button in. They need to get them like my lantuas which hardly takes any effort. I will probrably switch back to lantuas just because of that.
You think after all the effort put into creating insulin they wouldn&#039;t cut corners on the injection pen.."
"I&#039;ve suffered all my life with anxiety/panic attacks. Seems to worsen as I age. I&#039;ve tried many different meds. Ssri&#039;s in particular this drug class is the only to show improvements in my condition as I have major depression as well. Clonazepam works really well for me it&#039;s like a constant flow of relief. I would recommend this. I also take Wellbutrin in combo."
"I have severe psoriatic arthritis but I do not have the rash. I&#039;ve been on this medicine just a week but notice improvement already. I am pretty nauseous all the time, and it seems like I may lose weight because of it... But, frankly, I need to lose 110lbs anyways so... Win win?"
"Fantastic product!  I have, like most, tried everything.  Orals, topicals, injectable, etc.  This cleared me up quickly (at least the spots I could reach).  Within a month large plaque areas were smooth and flesh tones.  While other lesser spots were gone leaving the dark patch of my past spots.  It leaves a &quot;waxy&quot; feel when applied but not the ointment feel of others at all.  I would HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone."
"I take 1/2 of a 10mg per night after I&#039;m already in bed, and I am asleep in 15 minutes normally.  Been taking it for 3 months, it works great.  No weirdness or sleep walking/talking."
"Abreva did not work and I believe caused them to spread on my lower lip. I have 6 different sores on my whole bottom lip in different stages. I&#039;m 33 and I don&#039;t normally use abreva but I&#039;m out of town so I bought it in a pinch. I&#039;ve never experienced this spreading before in this degree. I will never use abreva again."
"Newly diagnosed with Stage 3 COPD at 56. Tried two other medicines first with no relief. Switched to Anoro, and BAM! I can breathe again. I don&#039;t know what the long term effects will be, but it has given me some hope that I will be able to function well enough to take care of myself and exercise."
"Over 10 years of pains in all joints, fatigue, firey feelings and severe pain in feet, swelling of feet, skin problems, red eyes, neck and back pains failing to sit or write or read to mention a few, my life came to stand still, can do nothing at all but eat and sleep until 4 years ago finally diagnosed with MCTD. After so many other medicines started on etanercept and continued on methotrexate and prednisone  6 months ago. Got back on my feet though side effects of boils and many others. I find etanercept a God answer for my healing. Due to the expense stopped it for a month, symptoms all came back, I&#039;ve resumed it but not sure if its working but will give it time. My only fear is the price of the medicine meaning stopping again."
"I have been taking Lamictal for about a month and I can see the difference the only thing is that I am itching all over. I was wondering if that is normal with this medication. I have no rashes or red bumps, just I itch ."
"Check out the words Malar Edema.  This is what Bellafill, injected into my cheeks, has left me with.
They are red pouches on my cheeks, something I never had before the injections.  I am so upset
with this, and it cost me $9,000 to add to my total dismay!  And to make it worse, make-up will NOT
cover these unattractive lumpy red pouches."
"Migraine suffer for 12 years; used Botox for 1.5 years (32 shots in my forehead, scalp, neck &amp; shoulders) until last injunction in July 2016 caused Bells Palsy, blurry vision and loss of hearing all on the right side. It&#039;s been 7 months and droopy face is better, but vision and hearing have not returned. Neurologist said should return by 6 months or most likely permanent. I had to pay $1200 a quarter to lose my sight and hearing! Never use Botox...not worth it."
"Started taking finasteride for hair-loss 4 years ago at the age of 22 when the balding became evident. My balding started in the crown area and moved it&#039;s way toward the temples, so I am/was a diffuse thinner. I was lucky enough to stop it in time and regrow virtually everything and more with this medication, along with the help of Minoxidil. There are no side effects for me to document. My sex-drive has and is still always in hyper-speed; I have suffered no brain-fog, no ill effects to speak of whatsoever. Besides the price-tag, this medication will save your hair. You have to try it out for yourself. And just to note: there is no possible way for 1 pill to have permanent side effects, do your research."
"I have been on Dexilant for 5 weeks now for severe GERD and Reflux. I have tried many, many other medications. The only one that came close to working was Nexium, but the side effects were horrible and numerous. I had to stop taking it after 6 weeks.

So far, I have taken Dexilant without much incident - and it is WORKING! I have significant relief of my symptoms and the only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is a metallic taste in my mouth at times. To me, this is very minor and worth the trade off.

Well worth the money so far. I&#039;m so happy my Dr. prescribed Dexilant for me!"
"No side effects other than some dry mouth. I have had pain in my upper mid right back for several years. The pain radiated to underneath my right rib cage. After 2 years and many CT scans, my surgeon removed my gallbladder. It was diseased and had small stones, but my condition did not improve. My surgeon said that he thought my pain could be skeletal and started me on a muscle relaxer with a low dose of Elavil at night. My pain has almost subsided and my neuropathy is much better. I am so glad to be taking it."
"I&#039;m 21 years old I had the Implanon since 2011 and I can say this is the best birth control there is. I can honestly say that this birth control should be more used and be a main option to this generation that do not like to take the pill or shots every 3 months. Its very effective I have no problems with my birth control. It is my last year with it and it has really changed my life. Yes it is expensive but WORTH IT."
"While on and off this medicine since I was about 17, I overlooked this drug&#039;s effectiveness only to end up realizing how well this can stabilize me.   Although at initially high doses it can create some fuzziness/fog in memory and cognitive disruptions, the feelings of well-being i get outweigh its negative side effects that slowly dissipate over time.  I am now 22 and will continue to be taking this until i feel that my condition won&#039;t affect my life even if that sounds like a rare occurrence.  I highly recommend this medicine for mood disruptions, dysfunctional thinking processes and other similar living disturbances. Keep calm and carry on."
"I switched to Loestrin to alleviate migraines from my last set of pills, and it worked alright. They aren&#039;t as severe but still persist. Otherwise, I have 2 day periods with no cramping, perfect skin, and no mood swings! I recommend it if you have any issues with acne, cramping, or irregularity."
"Diagnosis of Idyopathic Hyposomnia about 15 months ago, prescribed Modafinil 4 tbs a day. Over time lasting power decreased dramatically.  3weeks ago was prescribed Armodafinil. Side effects are quite debilitating, Dizziness,  nausea,  and and a big increase in migraine headaches. The overwhelming sleepiness is bad, impacting on daily life. Finding Armodafinil is only lasting about 6 hours so definitely no night driving. I can really feel the come down as it wears off. Disappointed as I was really hoping for some improvement in life quality."
"My Nuvaring experience was great! I LOVE IT. At first I lost sexual desire but then I felt maybe I&#039;m just listening to these reviews too much it was all in my head its fine now. I didn&#039;t have any side effects, I didn&#039;t gain weight. I would recommend this to any girl.  "
"I have been on Lamictal for approximately a month now for bipolar 1, slowly working up to what I am now at 100mg. I have noticed a dramatic drop in depression but hypo mania only slightly changed, I think it only feels like it has worsened because the depression isn&#039;t there to bring me back down, I still can&#039;t sleep at night, I still panic, feel the doom of anxiety, and racing thoughts among other things. I have had an incredibly increased libido, overall I can&#039;t believe how well its working in such a short time without the terrible side effects that other medications can give you. I&#039;m a mom of 4, I have no time to be a zombie, confused, tired and slow, I look forward to seeing the next few months."
"This product is really good and effective. The monistat 1 is the way to go. It cleans you out and there is no itching if, you only have a yeast infection or no yeast infection at all. Some people use it to get there pH balance back on track from condom use or multiple partner unprotected sex. You may not have a STD but unprotected sex can throw your pH balance off. But,if you have BV, trichomonas(a popular STD that clinics don&#039;t test for,a Parasite), the Monistat will flare up that infection and make you  itch till kingdom come"
"I&#039;m allergic to amoxicillin, penicillin, and erythromycin.  This is pretty much the only antibiotic I can take.  Works fast, works well.  Only side effect is I get night sweats.  It gets 10/10 because this is the only antibiotic that I can actually take without Bad Stuff (or death) happening."
"I been taking Oxycontin for over 10 years. Started at 10mg and slowly up to now 60mg. I have always been prescribed for 2xday. But being a former alcoholic, I only took one tablet per day and Vicodin 500mg for break through pain. It is the only way I would be able to have any type of quality of life. I suffer from Degenerative Disc disease, 3 Herniated discs, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis and now Sjogrens. I am 49 and disabled to work but I do not want to be disabled from life. My grandbabies need their grandma! You can abuse aspirin if you chose to but if you take the medicines correctly and do not abuse - it will give you some degree of life. Life is to be with quality and this medicine has helped me."
"i started taking lo 5 days ago I have experiences mood swings not severe but just basically feeling weird. My body is just not right. I bled lightly first 2 days of my period and now I am bleeding heavy for 3 days with bad cramping and back aches. I feel like I am craving junk food and I definitely gained a couple pounds within these few days as crazy as it sounds. Hopefully my body will adjust bc I plan on staying on these"
"I started Cymbalta 30 mg last night for the first time. The medicine made me very sleepy and I fell asleep. I awoke during the night with very sharp pains in my head, the left side of my face felt numb, a lot of sweating, very unusual racing thoughts (I was a business woman with a briefcase walking the streets in New York) ...(possible hallucination, not sure) heart palpitations and my head felt like it weighed a ton. It is now the next day and I feel very weak and dizzy and lightheaded. I&#039;m nauseated and still having headaches. Wished it could have worked but I can&#039;t take it anymore."
"I have used Soma for 2 years and it really helps me. I have nothing bad to report about it. I do not feel addicted, and only use as needed but it certainly relieves my neck and lower back pain to the point where I can at least work. I have no hallucinogenic effects with it and don&#039;t feel sleepy with it either.  It&#039;s just a great drug."
"Seroquel XR stabilized my Bipolar within a week.  I felt no emotion at all, high or low.  But I was a zombie, sleeping 18 or more hours a day on 300mg.  I switched to 200mg and could function well after 8 hours sleep with only a 1 hour or so &quot;hang over&quot;, but my job requires me to be on 24 hour call and I got called only 2 hours after taking my medication.  All I could do was drool on the telephone.  I&#039;m trying Geodon now."
"I have been on Ocella for about 4 months now. Overall it has done its job of keeping me kid-free but I get horrible cramps a day or two before my period and during it. Periods are definitely shorter and lighter so I don&#039;t understand the increase in cramps. I also have been getting headaches quite frequently but I don&#039;t know if I can attribute that to this medication."
"Aj - 5&#039;8 - 283LBS
After 4 yrs of obesity, 3 of them during my ex&#039;s (children&#039;s father) horrendous battle w/cancer &amp; recent death, here I am.  My family doctor was witness to this emotional journey and my physical decline with weight gain, extreme fatigue and body aches. I had a recent checkup and learned my bloodwork and specialist appt were all clear. I mentioned to Dr. A that I finally feel like I am seeing myself again and wish I could get my body to match my level of happiness and will to do more. He talked to me about Phentermine. After some thought I started on 8/5/17, one 30mg pill daily. Today I am -10lbs! No side effects and sleep well! I &quot;plan&quot; healthy snacks as my appetite is very low. Energy level is up but not crazy."
"I started taking Glipizide ER initially with instructions to take it only if my blood glucose level was 180 or higher.  I did not have to take it every day, but took it several times a week. Then I was started having a hard time controlling my daily glucose levels. My Hg A1c was higher, so the instructions were changed to 2 in the a.m. and 1 at night.  I purchased the medication from a different source and it was a larger pill with now Glipazide XL instead of ER.  I have experienced a number of side effects and feel worse with it than before I started taking it.  The longer I have taken it the worse I feel.  I feel drugged, want to sleep all the time, have a slight headache, more thirsty, constipation on occasion, dry eyes, and more.  Yuck!"
"My face and back have developed an acne break-out that my doctor described as the &quot;worst reaction to a birth control&quot; she has ever seen. Huge, painful inflamed pustules! I was very tired my first two weeks on it, too. I am usually a very high energy person and I could NOT get going."
"I was diagnosed with gastroparesis in 2012 and have a neuro abdominal stimulator transplant. I take both strengths; 290 when home and 145 when I travel. Both work well as I have no ability for food to move out of my stomach. I do take it every morning and while I can consider it a bit violent at times (stay close to a bathroom after a couple hours of taking it), if I don&#039;t take it, I will not have any movement. I don&#039;t care for miralax or other over the counters as I experience a lot of bloating, gas and cramps before it finally kicks in...and it takes too long to kick in for me.

My specialist has approved me to take the different strengths; I still don&#039;t know over the long term what effects will be on my kidneys or liver."
"I am on day 14 of the starter pack and I have to stop. I have had nausea, vomiting, dizzy spells, blurry vision, drunk feeling. I was stopping Venlefexine and slowly tapering off while starting savella. I had a rash for about 24 hours too. This is the worst side effects from a medication I have ever had. I have also lost about 4 pounds in 3 days because I have not been able to eat."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about two weeks, this is one of the best sleeping pill to ever take if you&#039;re have trouble sleeping, my breast are cup size bigger, and I seem to get more emotional than usual."
"Remeron helped very much initially. After trying a host of other depression meds, this one seemed to work and had minimal side effects after the first week. However, at a low dose it stopped doing the job and have had to go up twice to the max dose of 45 mg. I no longer sleep well, and have had HUGE weight gain and ended up with diabetes. I plan to gradually wean myself off and treat the depression with natural means--exercise, diet, supplements."
"I am a 19 year old male prescribed to a 0.5mg dosage of Xanax to be taken twice daily. Depending on my spouts of anxiety or an occasional panic attack, I either take one or a half of one to calm my state of mind. I try to just take a half of one because this medication can be addicting. I noticed these effects and feelings right after my first intake. It does indeed help suppress my anxiety and panic attacks. Due to the addiction prone aspects I&#039;m giving it an 8."
"I paid $250 for the brand name after having tried the generic 3 months ago with horrible results. Started at 5 mg; immediate increase in anxiety. Bad dreams, insomnia, diarrhea. Doctor said to go up to 10 mg after one week; could not focus, could not eat, intense agitation, uncontrollable crying, crazy thoughts. Anxiety hit the roof- couldn&#039;t leave then house. Saw a pychologist/ next a psychiatrist- immediately stopped the lexapro and within 24 hours felt 90% better.  This drug is not for all. Sexual side effects and weight gain are high for most.  Do your homework."
"I&#039;m not sure if I would recommend this birth control before others to someone else, but it worked great for me for seven plus years. Mind you, I was told by my endocrinologist that my GP should have never allowed me to stay on this bc because of the side effects of losing bone density mass - because of this I now have osteopenia at age 29. Why rate it an 8? Because other then this (which I am now &quot;fixing&quot; with weight lifting and calcium/mag supps) I never had any issues with the depo. I didn&#039;t have to remember a pill and had no side effects from it. Because of this, I would recommend it. I took it for convenience but my bone density suffered because of it."
"Miralax was a lifesaver for me. I was nearly hospitalized because constipation had caused aspiration pneumonitis and greatly worsened my GERD and asthma. I was losing weight, though I was already underweight, because I couldn&#039;t eat many meals, and I was also having chronic moderate/severe abdominal pain. The miralax worked amazingly for me, although it took some time (a week, 2 capfuls 2x daily, though now I do 2 once a day).
My brother experienced problems with it though. He started with 1 capful and was vomiting all night. However, he went to &frac12; capful and slowly titrated up to 2, and now PRN
Overall: Highly effective, but variable side effect profile.
Insurance only covered bc I was taking such large doses, otherwise they will not."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for a little over 6 months now and I&#039;ve had maybe 2 periods. Both extremely light which was nice. I&#039;ve noticed after getting the implant I&#039;ve felt more depressed, anxious, nauseous, and have been having huge headaches that don&#039;t seem to go away for days at a time. Getting the implant wasn&#039;t difficult at all. It&#039;s inserted with a needle and it was so fast I barely felt anything. My arm was sore for a little bit and some bruising but other than I felt little to no pain. A week or so after I started feeling less motivated to get anything done. Leaving the house would just give me anxiety. Also being a new mom it made it harder to keep up with my baby."
"Just started taking 5 mg twice a day. Doesn&#039;t seem to last as long as the doctor said it would. Also the 5mg doesn&#039;t take the pain away. It does ease it a little. So on my next visit I will tell the doctor her calculation was off. Think I would do better on 20mg twice daily. Also if she could give me something else to advance my stool and make it softer. That pain is worse than the knee pain."
"I started the depo a little over 2 years ago but took my last shot in August. Since then I have had normal periods but some times have heavy periods in between my periods so I&#039;m almost bleeding a month and a half . I have had horrible mood swings, &amp; horrible cramps. It was great while I was on it, I even lost 50lbs while on it.. But this sucks."
"This is a wonderful drug. It takes the pain away within a few minutes and even if the migraine doesn&#039;t go away altogether, the pain isn&#039;t as bad as it would be or could be, without some form of medication. Believe me I&#039;ve tried them all. I am now on Topamax 50mg twice a day, Fioricet and Midrin. "
"I suffer from Major depression and panic and anxiety I have been in all the mess out there nothing has worked after feeling dangerously suicidal my doctor gave me some  samples I felt the difference immediately more calmer able to deal but still very depressed this is on day 6 of Brintellix 10mg but reading all these reviews make me hopeful that good will out weigh the bad side effects 1-2 days headaches 3-6 nausea no appetite so we will see I have insomnia so I take a half of Ativan 1 mg and sleep and wake up rested so far so good god bless you all"
"I got diagnosed and prescribed 2 Azithromycin 500mg each took them both then my stomach felt a little off but nothing bad then I read these comments started to get nervous but fell sleep right after , great nights rest and 1 trip to the bathroom on the morning was fine with me I also ate 30 min before the medication and had some fruit right after not bad at all."
"I was prescribed Provera for 10 days at 6pm every day.  I have had no period since my early 20&#039;s and then it was only on meds.  I have long history of hormonal problems and have been diagnosed with Amenohrrea as many of you, and I have been in and out of IVF specialist clinics while they all tried to sell me theirs since and no one would actually help or give hope to concieve but they were all quick to  say that I had premature Ovarian failure however, I never gave up and found a Dr. a fertility specialist and although I am over weight, have been found to have thyroid issues, and have a thin endometrium with high I repeat high levels of Estrogen. I was prescribed this little pill aka Provera.  So ladies do not loose hope, ask God &amp; trust!"
"I recently switched from Celebrex to Arthroc.  Although my stomach has been very upset most days, the pain in my shoulders, hips and knee has been greatly reduced.  Also, I have gained considerable mobility in the range of motion in my leg/knee."
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for less than a month and I already HATE it!! First off I&#039;ve had headaches and even migraines since I got it put in (which I NEVER get.) My period has been on for 2 weeks straight right now and my period use to be 4 days long. I&#039;ve become more grouchy and moody than I&#039;ve ever been. Literally every little thing irritates me. This is the first time I&#039;ve ever been on BC and I probably won&#039;t go back to it. I&#039;m definitely getting this removed."
"I all ways get cold sores. I tried everything and nothing worked better then this. And the cold sores don&#039;t come as frequent after using zovirax.  Gone within 2-3days if you catch while it&#039;s tingling it wouldn&#039;t show at all"
"The very first night I started Requip, I vomited violently all night."
"Holy moly. I am 4 weeks into this medication and I feel horrid! My doc told me to stick with it. First week I vomited and felt like I had the flu for 4 days. The second injection was just a little motion sickness. The third injection I had horrible diarrhea and non stop vomiting. I just don&#039;t know how much more I can take. My blood sugars have been perfect though. I just can&#039;t deal with all the vomiting."
"Can&#039;t say this med is helping after about 6 weeks. On 2mg daily, went off my Effexor XR I was on for over 10 years. I take 200mg Trazadone at bedtime and have for years and always slept fine. Nothing has helped the Schizo or major depression in all my adult life. This Rexulti? I have not slept one night since starting it! I go to sleep, then wake up in like an hour or two and am wide awake until my alarm clock goes off in the morning. What scares me is that I am like a zombie. A very tired zombie. Ugh"
"My neurologist gave me this medication and it is a miracle pill. I take it with omeprazol and Zantac ranitidine, no problems. My diabetic neuropathy and back pain from nerve inpingement is gone, I also had epidural back injections and I&#039;m back to doing things.
These two doctor&#039;s did a miracle for me.please don&#039;t be afraid to try this drug. Also, epidural nerve blocks. Greatest thing. Good luck!! Wish everyone wellness and pain relief.
God Bless!!!"
"I have been on Ambien for about 8 months but I had started to become tolerant to it.  Sometimes I would take it and it would knock me out other times I can take it and still be wide awake until 4am.  My doctor recommended that I try Ambien CR but my insurance won&#039;t approve it until I&#039;ve tried Lunesta.  WHAT A WASTE OF TIME!!  It literally had no effect on me whatsoever.  Tylenol PM would have done a better job!  I followed the instructions to the tee, didn&#039;t eat a fatty meal and took it on an empty stomach.  Has anyone else had this result?  I need to switch back to Ambien!"
"Everyone reacts to BC differently. Switched to Nexplanon after being on a combination pill for a year. Switched because I was bad at taking the pill on time every day and I had some side effects that I didn&#039;t like. No complaints since! Eventually my periods become more irregular and stopped. Had my first period in a few months a few weeks ago and some spotting recently. Cramps seem worse but nothing unbearable. No other side effects noticed really. Sometimes my arm hurts where it&#039;s inserted but it&#039;s not a huge deal. Works great! I love it! If I stay on BC after the 3 years I&#039;ll probably get Nexplanon again."
"I have suffered from acne for 10 years (currently 25). I have cystic type acne, lots of blackheads and oily skin. I have been to multiple dermatologists throughout the years and tried countless products, both OTC and prescription. I have had amazing results with my current regimen which includes doxycycline, Aczone topical gel applied at night and Panoxyl face wash (OTC). The doxycycline made a difference right away! I still got maybe 1 cystic type zit a month for the first 3 months and now basically not at all. The Aczone and Panoxyl help combat the blackheads and tiny zits the antibiotics doesn&#039;t. The biggest downfall is the nausea. I highly recommended this for those with cystic acne and be sure to take after meals. I am happy to finally be acne free!"
"I got Skylah and it was horribly painful. Worst cramps of my life, when I left the office, I stayed in my car for twenty minutes because I was incapable to drive as my legs were numb from the pain. But it was so, so, so worth it. As a commuting student it was such a pain remembering to take my pill and the nuvaring gave me migraines. I&#039;m still spotting but IM NOT PREGNANT, so I&#039;m cool with it. I feel like Skylah is fool proof and I can trust it a lot more than any other type of birth control. It&#039;s the only birth control method I&#039;ve ever felt comfortable using sans condoms. The money I&#039;ve saved from not buying Trojans every week is worth any twenty dollar co-pay."
"This drug is not listed for the cancer symptom of not eating and should be. It saved my family members life."
"I like this birth control because I don&#039;t have to take it daily. Only side effects are I gained 15 pounds but I wanted to do that&#039;s probably why I gained so much. I&#039;m nauseous a lot. I can put up with these ... overall I like it."
"I&#039;m 18 years old, my period was irregular and I&#039;m sexually active, so i decided to start the pill. I  just started this birth control (first bc ever tried), the first 3 days when i was on this bc i got the worst headaches. Then I started to feel depressed and was tired all the time. Within the first week of taking the pill, I got my period, and I got the worst cramps ever - more worse than before i was using any contraceptive; tingling/numbness in legs, severe cramps, nausea. But now i don&#039;t feel depressed anymore and I don&#039;t get terrible headaches. My breasts feel a little fuller than normal-&quot;normal&quot; as in before I started using any contraceptive. I&#039;m on my second week of taking the pill, so we&#039;ll see how it goes."
"I started taking this to prevent pregnancy and so far, it has been awful. Although I&#039;m not pregnant, it has given me EXTREME mood swings. One minute I&#039;m fine and the next I&#039;m crying my eyes out for no reason and I get irritated very easily. I was on my period for nearly 2 1/2 weeks when I first started it. My sex drive has increased a significant amount. I used to have sex maybe twice a week with my boyfriend but when I got on the birth control I was constantly wanting to have sex. My acne has decreased slightly, not much. My boobs have not grown at all. I have experienced a huge amount of weight gain- 15 pounds in a month. It&#039;s honestly been so awful taking this pill. The only good thing is I&#039;m not pregnant."
"Good medicine. Blood tests are annoying. I wet the bed a couple nights a week on this med because it knocked me out. It takes a while to get used to but it&#039;s overall not that bad of a med. Works well for mania."
"My Experience:
I was extremely constipated for about 5 days, I felt the urge to go but I just couldn&#039;t. I took ONE tablet of the Dulcolax for Women around 6:30pm with a full glass of water and I continued to drink about 40-50oz of water until bedtime (I drink about 80oz of water daily so I drank about 40 extra oz that day). I didn&#039;t get the sweats, nausea or cramping that night and it didn&#039;t wake me up in the middle of the night. I woke up at 6am and I did get SOME cramping, it felt the same as trapped gas pain but nothing overly unbearable. I  had a bowel movement after about 20 mins and I felt GREAT. I had loose stool afterwards but no pain or cramping. I avoided starch and breads for the day - for extra measure. I loved this product!"
"After two bunion and hammertoe surgeries this worked like a charm! Much better than Percocet because I wasn&#039;t loopy and it does not cause stomach upset!"
"I&#039;ve only been on this birth control for a few weeks and I am experiencing crazy anxiety and EXTREME dizziness!! It&#039;s so scary at times.  I just had a baby two months ago and can&#039;t risk another pregnancy right now so don&#039;t know what to do.  Not to mention I&#039;ve been bleeding for two weeks straight with crazy heavy cramps."
"I was on 150 MG efexor for nearly a year and continued suffering with depression and anxiety. It affected my libido to the point that I couldn&#039;t stand being touched by my husband. I&#039;ve been on wellbutrin for nearly three weeks and it&#039;s been a miracle for me. My energy level is up, I can focus again, and my libido has increased. The only negative I have had is it doesn&#039;t help my anxiety."
"Does not open lungs and does not assist when needed."
"I started taking Inderal to help with migraines. I still get headaches almost daily but they aren&#039;t migraine-quality and can be managed with Ibuprofen. Negatives: sleep disturbances, feet are ALWAYS freezing, and I&#039;m experiencing frequent orthostatic hypotension. I had normal-to-low BP when starting this med so I don&#039;t think it&#039;s the right med for my body, since it lowers BP. I like not having migraines but can&#039;t exercise or live life if I&#039;m always dizzy and weak."
"Been on Doxy for a severe sinus infection I got in early October. Got it on Monday,  took it, felt kinda achey nothing too serious.  It&#039;s now Friday. I&#039;ve been out of work since Wed, migraine, throwing up, fever, chills, horrible aches and pains.
I&#039;ve never felt so bad on an antiobiotic. Stopping today &amp; calling the doctor."
"I am 64 and have been diagnosed with a bipolar disorder by some mental health clinicians and a schizo-affective disorder by others.  Off and on I have had auditory hallucinations which for the last couple of months have been constant. I was hospitalized for a week and switched from Zyprexa to Geodon.  I noticed a difference within the first 24 hours.  Now, I am back home and have no hallucinations. Miraculous!  I stop and listen for the hallucinations, but they simply are not there.  It will take a while for me to &quot;trust&quot; the medication, but nothing has worked so well without severe side effects. So far, I am delighted."
"So I read a handful of reviews before making a decision. I just had my son 7 months ago and finally decided on the Skyla. The reviews scared the heck out of me. But it wasn&#039;t that bad. Yes you do feel a bit of pressure and cramping but it&#039;s bearable. I took some ibuprofen and went about my day with my crawling munchkin. Hoping I don&#039;t jinx myself. But so far so good"
"I&#039;ve had cold sores my entire life. I have been on prescription pills to keep the cold sores from becoming too bad! Then I found Abreva. It works so well with the pills. I use it on the first sign a cold sore. I also put some rubbing alcohol on a Q-tip and apply it on the first sign. This usually stops the blister from ever occurring! I would buy Abreva again."
"I&#039;m not really sure how I feel about this pill yet. I started it two Thursdays ago (the first day of my period) and my period immediately went away. Last Thursday I got my period again this time full on with cramps and everything. So far today is day 3 so I&#039;ll wait 2 more days before calling the gynie. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings or depression but I&#039;m on this to NOT have a period and so far it&#039;s not doing what I really wanted it to do"
"Prozac along with other SSRI&#039;s do not mix well with my body. I have a loss of appetite, no sex drive, nauseating effects, and a &quot;mild mood&quot; (loss of my true personality). "
"I have been on it 1 mth. I have gain 14 pounds. My hair is starting to change for the better. The weight is so unhealthy. Any ideas?Please help."
"I took this birth control for 6 months. I always got my period early. ( usually last hormone pill) First month I got my period a week early and on white and brown pills. Lots of break thru bleeding. Changing my birth control now, I have had bleeding for a week. ( Mid pack, hormone pills) Mood changes. Only reason I gave 2 stars was I didn&#039;t get pregnant."
"I was on this pill for about 3 years and i have gained 25 lbs since. I went to the gym and also ran when I was on it. I feel like being on this pill makes it really hard for me to loose weight. I gained a lot of weight in my belly and boobs. Also my boobs are way too big now I went from a C cup to a DD. I quit the pill and lost two pounds gonna keep trying to loose more weight.  It worked well as a birth control, i just don&#039;t like the side effects of weight gain."
"I started taking Cryselle because the higher dose pills, like Tri-Sprintec, made me throw up. At first, Cryselle made all the nausea go away and I lost weight. After about a week I started having pretty severe mood swings and started getting the worst acne I&#039;ve ever had. I got huge pimple all over my face...the long lasting, painful ones. It was not a great experience."
"I have been on zolpidem for several years and only take about 2.5 mg of my 10 mg tablet. 
I tried Belsomra 10 mg (samples) Thursady night at 9 pm and I did not feel sleepy. The second night I took a 10 mg  table at around 9 PM I still do not feel sleepy so around 11 PM I took another 10 mg tablet and within 30 minutes  I felt weird and I knew I was going to have a rough night ahead of me and I was not going to get a good quality night sleep, which I did not!!!! The next morning which was Saturday (THANK GOD I didn&#039;t take 20mg  during the weekday) I felt horrible all day long and napped throughout the day up until 5 PM where I force myself to get up eat something drink a Mountain Dew just to feel alive again!!!  
This medication is horrible"
"I was on Cytomel for a couple of years. Then my dose got increased along with my Synthroid medication dose. I began having tremors, heart palpitations and tachycardia.  It was a terrifying experience! My symptoms almost entirely went away when going off this medication but, I feel as though my heart was dramatically affected and I don&#039;t know yet whether or not it was actually even damaged."
"Smoked all during my 20s, quit for 7 years, then smoked for 20 years but had tapered down to 1/2 pack a day or less. Had bronchitis twice last year so got Chantix and started taking it around Nov. 1, planned my quit date for after Thanksgiving, and then just didn&#039;t think about it. Started forgetting to go out for a smoke during work, was down to maybe 3 a day by my quit date, ended up still having ONE a day in the morning for a few weeks, had 2-3 during my long Christmas weekend, and have had zero since. Side effects have been slight nausea even with food (but not every day), awesome dreams, somewhat lighter sleep, and mild metallic taste in my mouth. Mild occasional cravings now, on week 10, nothing I can&#039;t ignore. Plan on tapering off soon."
"This may help the scan so they can check your heart, but the result for the patient is horrible.  After 2 days of having this injected, I broke out in a rash, hives, the color of my the skin was red, and hot. 
So far, I have taken:  3 days of Benadryl 50mg 3 times,
Benadryl nighttime so I could sleep, entire bottle of calamine lotion, used (just about) bottle of Alo Vera Gel, cut the leaves of the Alo Vera plant used the gel, Vicks VapoRub, Max-Arnica cream, Hydroxyzine 50mg 1 time, Cetrizine 2 times a day, Betamethasone AUG 0.05%, Prednisone 10MG, Methylprednisolone 4 MG,  Cortisone cream. 
I am on the 3rd week, and have no relief to the hives, doctors have given up; they tell me that it will pass. 
This is too much!!!!!! HELP....."
"I cannot swallow well and my doctor advised me to take 2 capsules per day. I have been taking it for a week now and every day since that I am burping and bloating non stop. It is terrible feeling, feels like any moment I will throw up but I cannot. Feels like if I throw up I will feel better  but I just cannot. Food or whatever &quot;comes up&quot; and just stops there. After few hours gets a bit better but I bloat all day :( help?"
"Just finished my 5th week out of 24 weeks of treatment. My first lab result at the end of week 4 came back UNDETECTED!
I have been praying for this day. I have not had any side effects. I have suffered from insomnia and fatigue for over ten years. This has not changed since starting Harvoni. 
Death to Hep C."
"I have been on this almost a month. It doesn&#039;t seem to work everyday. And the side effects are not so good either. I get headaches, yawning, can&#039;t sleep, and if I forget to take it that day my belly hurts really bad and I feel like throwing up. But I am giving it a little more time to get my body used to it. I hope I can find a better medicine or something."
"Cold Symptoms - It helped a lot but not for a long period of time, but it did help."
"Very good medicine. Been taking it for a year with no side effects."
"I am diagnosed with Bipolar, ADHD Inattentive Type and Narcolepsy without Cataplexy. Modafinil generic or Brand name is very effective in uncontrolled daytime sleepiness without disturbing nightime sleep as long as it is not taken too late in the day. Helps with depression and focus and general energy. It literally saved my life by stopping me from falling asleep while driving and saved the lives of others. Generic is still pricey and the Insurance will not want to pay for it."
"I was having terrible migraines, tried most of the over-the-counter medicine, and some other prescribed by my doctor until I got to Zolmitriptan...

It always work, within a 30 minutes to 60 minutes of taking it, effectively dissolving the whole migraine every-time. It works as every medicine should, and I don&#039;t have no obvious side-effects, I already urinated a lot ( saw how some people said they urinated more because of this ) so I may have that side-effect without even knowing it. But in any case, going to the bathroom a few times more versus having a migraine is a no-brainer of a choice :)

I take the generic version which is usually worth 36.99$ for 6 2.5mg pills.
But fortunately it is 100% covered by my job&#039;s insurance."
"Works great for deep vein thrombosis! However, I always experience heavy bruising at the injection site."
"I was prescribed 1 week ago and seen an immediate improvement although I started feeling more anxious all day so I am now on Xanax instead of Klonopin, which I was originally on. I started with 500mg for 3 days then 1000 and now 1500 but I feel much more stable but I definitely feel hungry all the time. I was on Lamictal previously and I believe that made my disorder worse. I feel great now."
"I was having muscle spasm and neck pain which was causing difficulty sleeping first night I took Amrix. I had complete relief. I had the best nights sleep I&#039;ve ever had in a long time."
"I am 20 years old, and I was prescribed minastrin after being diagnosed with PCOS. I can say I am definitely very happy with it! It made my periods very light and over time they eventually stopped (sometimes they occur for about 5 hours on the last day of the placebo pill). I have been on this pill for about 2 years now, and have not experienced any acne, weight gain, or nausea like other people have. Sometimes I get very moody before my period, but it is not extreme. The only thing I noticed for a period of time was constant yeast infections, which was pretty miserable. But after getting through that I am perfectly fine on this pill (and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, so that&#039;s a plus too)"
"I love Maxalt my doctor gave it to me about 4 months ago. After years of no relief my migraine was gone in 20 minutes! I admit I get extremely sleepy after I take it but a 1 hour nap and I&#039;m back in business. Much better then four days of blinding pain that&#039;s for sure it is very expensive but I contacted my local clinic and they had me fill out some forms and received a free 6 month supply at which time I can reapply. You can also try contacting the company online they may help depending on your income."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been suffering from migraines for the past couple years. I&#039;ve been taking Topamax for 6 months now, went from 25 to 75 mg daily now, and have noticed some reduced frequency in my migraines. I&#039;m also pretty thin to begin with and can&#039;t afford to lose any more weight. I&#039;ve lost 15lbs already and noticed the 2 days I ran out of the medicines. I actually felt hungry and ate. I think it&#039;s time to consider some other options."
"It may include some side effects, I used and 
I prefer Parnate with some side effects vs depression that&#039;s my experience."
"I am 24 and have been on the pill for 3 weeks. I have experience heavy breakthrough bleeding during week 3 with painful cramping as well. My skin has broken out substantially and have an increased need to sleep. Mood swings are minimal but are nonetheless still there. I hope this is just my body adjusting as it is my first time on the pill."
"The worst pain ever! After taking antibiotics for a tooth infection, I developed a YI. Purchased this product and applied at bed time. Can I say I could barely contain myself I burned so bad. I don&#039;t know what to do with myself I&#039;m in so much pain. I just took a Motrin hoping for some relief. DO NOT TRY THIS PRODUCT."
"So I had unprotected sex about a week ago and he didn&#039;t pull out because he forgot he took the condom off (stupid i know) so I was freaking out so got this pill and took it 20 hours after the event. Then this morning I  was cramping and feeling like I had PMS and several hrs later I start bleeding. I came on here to read side effects vand apparently starting a period after a week of taking pill is a normal side effect? I hope so! It&#039;s just a waiting game to see if I start my next period."
"This is wonderful!! I have psoriasis on all of my joints.. elbows, knees, and ankles. I have used ointments for years and most recently they have not been helpful, in fact the plaques have spread to my wrist and sides of my feet. I was just prescribed Cordran Tape a week ago, and after only 4 applications, it&#039;s almost completely clear. I am floored by the success of this tape, and although it&#039;s the most expensive medication I&#039;ve used so far ($50 after insurance), I will continue to use it for any future flare ups."
"Don&#039;t waste your time reading these reviews. Everyone&#039;s experience is highly personal and none of the side effects mentioned have to pertain to you. Relax, don&#039;t stress, give your body time to adjust, and you&#039;ll be fine. 

When I first started this pill, I felt foggy and tired for a few weeks until my body adjusted. Now I feel normal again, no weight gain, no sexual problems, and practically no period."
"I struggled with getting pregnant due to infertility, I also only have one fallopian tube. First round of fertility treatment on this medication worked!! Now I have a happy 3 month old!!"
"Update #2
8 weeks in, my second cycle was great.. It was light and short, however I still have the spotting.. It&rsquo;s not bad its more annoying than anything, I have to keep a liner on at all times,  no cramps I have actually lost a few pounds a great big plus! My sex drive is the same but it&rsquo;s different with the spotting. I&rsquo;ll be back in 3 more weeks with another update."
"It helped greatly in reducing my nerves after weaning off of Soma."
"After years of agonising pain in my fingers and toes exacerbated by army mountain exposure and &quot;halo&quot; training, along with cold water deep scuba work, I was finally diagnosed at 52 and at first put on beta blockers which made things much worse with multiple crippling attacks daily.  A secind dictir put me in Adefin (nifidipine) and within 48 hours the pain, the numbness and the symptoms were gone. Now we are experiencing an early severe winter some symptoms have returned, but are still managable on my standard dosage."
"I&#039;ve had no good results using Qsymia.  I shutter at the cost too...$4.66 per day and that is using their &quot;savings card!&quot;  I could spend that much on shakes and lose weight.  I lost a pound in a month.  It does nothing to control my cravings at night, and yes, I eat right, am on my feet a lot, take my dog out on daily walks, so I&#039;m not just sitting around hoping it&#039;ll take off the weight.
    It didn&#039;t work in the first month so I&#039;m not going to spend another days pay to give it another chance.  Hopefully it will work for you."
"My doctor originally prescribed it for my hair loss following dyeing my hair when I had seborrheic/psoriasis symptoms. It was really great because my hair did grow back in a few months. I have continued to use it for more than a decade. Now, however, it looks like my recently diagnosed lymphadenopathy is related to its use."
"I am on Day 7 of Contrave, about to increase to 2 pills/day. I am a 48y.o. male, 5&#039;7&quot; with a starting weight of 240lbs. I have lost 3lbs in a week, which is an accomplishment since nothing was working before. I do exercise regularly (cardio), but my eating habits were (are) very poor. I noticed the side effects of an intense fog, and slight dizziness (similar to a Nyquil haze) about the 1st day or two, then it went away. I feel the cravings going away, it could be a placebo effect given that the cost I paid vs. my income could possibly just be will power finally kicking in. I will try to update as I go to full dosage, hopefully this will be what it takes to get my lifestyle a bit better. My wife runs like a 5K every other day, and I want to join her..."
"So thankful I purchased, started taking at the first of trouble, and my cough is barely evident.  Makes me pee every hour, cause I&#039;m drinking plenty of water , and i think that&#039;s why I&#039;m not coughing to much."
"I have had mild depression for about 13 years and it got really bad once I got married, had a kid, bought an apartment, and went through financial crisis. I was always able to over look it and continue by dealing with depression, then I started having panic attacks and initially I was on Celexa which made me have the most horrible night terrors. Then I was just purely on Aderrall and Xanax which was a daily fix, finally I read about this medication and this is my second day and I have to say that this is the first time that I went through my day feeling &quot;normal.&quot; I am not feeling tired, unmotivated, down, etc. I sleep great so far and the medicine started working the first day! "
"Used Fleet 5 minutes later all came out."
"It helped a lot. I was deep down, now I feel almost normal."
"Slowed down my abnormal bleeding after a few weeks, it stopped altogether then started up again but not to the degree that it was before I was taking it. I&#039;ve gained 10 lbs from it. I eat half of what I used to, ad eat an extremely healthy diet. I do 30 mins of cardio and 30 minutes of weight training 5-6 days a week plus bicycling 7 days a week. I&#039;ve had awful mood swings and depression. Bad headaches on top of it."
"Terrible experience my periods have got so heavy I have not been able to go to work as the super plus tampon and sanitary towel need changing every hour. Twice this week had to change the bedding as double sanitary protection does not stop it going through pyjamas, sheets, mattress protector. Have been bleeding every day for 5 months."
"I have smoked for 44 years and quit with Chantix. It gave me the ability to quit. I smoked 2 pack a day and with Chantix I went down to 0 a day. It has been 9 and 3/4 years that I quit. Thank You Chantix "
"I couldn&#039;t stop crying and this medicine made me stop.
When it starts to wear off I know because I feel the tears coming back. I only take 5mg a day but have to increase at weeks end due to being tired so I increase to 7.5mg (break the pill) then go back to 5 mg on Monday.  It works for me.  Only negative is a small craving for cigarettes.  My Doc gave it to me for free.  Hope insurance covers it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lopid for almost a year now and have had great results. My triglycerides have dropped dramatically and my over all health has improved. I would have given this a 10 rating but I do have one problem with this medication. It can be difficult to remember to take Lopid 30 minutes before meals. A small adjustment as far as I&#039;m concerned, though."
"I really liked Zomig. It always knocked out my migraines. I have had them since puberty. I wasn&#039;t prescribed Zomig until about 3 years ago from the VA Hospital. Then they stopped allowing us to get it and changed it to Imitrex. Imitrex takes longer to work."
"This was the worst decision of my life. I have been dieting and exercising, cut over 1000 calories a day and gained weight. Paragard may not contain hormones but it creates an inflammatory response that leads to water retention, inability to lose weight, and mood swings. My fingers are so swollen I can&#039;t get my rings off, and I bleed and spot 3 weeks out of the month. I am miserable and have an appointment for removal in a week!"
"I didn&#039;t have a good experience with nexplanon. I had an implanon before that and had no problems, but this birth control really did a number on my hormones! It caused major depression, terrible acne, crazy mood swings, and low sex drive. If I experienced any stress at all, I would bleed like having my period. I have discussed several other options multiple times with my doctor and decided to try paragard. The doctor recommended trying a hormone free method, because all of the side effects I&#039;ve experienced are results of imbalanced hormone levels. I know paragard causes longer and heavier periods with worse cramping, but that actually doesn&#039;t sound so bad after my nexplanon experience. I want to go back to having regular periods again."
"Taking Atenolol for 12 years, kept my BP in acceptable range (150/90) during all this time; suddenly BP went up to (170/120) every day, so I went to see Dr. who said Atenolol was &quot;older treatment&quot; and that much better drugs have come along since.  He put me on hydrochlorothiazide/ losartan (Hyzaar) and BP went even higher. Now after 2 weeks on Hyzaar, my BP is 190/130 consistently and I want to go back to Atenolol but Dr. says to give it the full 30 days to work.   
"
"I started this birth control because after taking my other for 2 years it started making me nauseous during my period. Ever since I&#039;ve starting taking this medicine I&#039;ve had the worst mood swings I&#039;ll go from laughing to pure anger then crying. Not to mention it&#039;s made me incredibly depressed and now I have cramps 24/7 and not just during my period. Also, my nausea has gotten way worse. And dont even think about having sex.. i have no sex drive at all. Nada. And when i do have sex it hurts and is in not enjoyable in any way. I would not recommend this medicine to anyone The effects it takes on your body is horrible."
"The only problem with Lyrica is the expense and the problems getting my insurance to approve it!  The medicine itself has done wonders for me.  I ache, yes, but no where near the way I was before.   It&#039;s been a lifesaver for me."
"I wanted to make a comment on here to ease the mind of anyone worrying possibly! This is the third time I have had to take plan b and it worked 100%! I am 19 and on Wednesday night around midnight I had sex, the condom broke and we had no idea and he came inside me fully. I didn&#039;t take plan b till about 11am the next day. My period was supposed to start 4 days after this incident so now I had taken the pill and was freaking out that I might miss! Well good news! One day late my period came! A little lighter than normal but it&#039;s here! I&#039;ve taken the plan b before where my period was over 17 days away and it was the worst wait of my life! Today I am getting an IUD put in! DO NOT STRESS LADIES. Stress could actually delay your period even more"
"This is an excellent antidepressant. It really helps lift you out of the black clouds. It&#039;s also energizing and weight neutral. I highly recommend."
"I&#039;ve been taking Paxil for roughly 4 months. I started on a low dose of 10mg per day then my doctor increased that to 20mg per day. I started taking Paxil because I began having panic attacks. At first I really didn&#039;t notice a big difference, but as the weeks went along, I stopped having panic attacks. Additionally, Paxil has been very helpful with controlling my mood swings. In the past I&#039;ve been known to get a little agitated quickly and often. That has ceased as well.

Side effects: At first I was tired, but this is no longer an issue. I feel fine in that regard. The sexual side effects are minor. I don&#039;t think about sex as much, but getting in the mood has not been an issue. It does take longer to have an orgasm. "
"I got the Synvisc One shot on my left knee 6/7/2016. I was nervous after reading some of these stories. I felt a little pressure and felt fine. I elevated and iced it for two days. Day 3 I was doing the &quot;Happy Dance.&quot; My knee feels great!"
"It did help the sinusitis.  The side effects were awful.  Yeast infection that took 6 pills of diflucan to get rid of.  I had blisters.. most about 2&quot; to 3&quot; in circumference on my legs thighs and back.  It took a while for them to heal too. My joints ached. Definitely on my never to take again list."
"I just finished my 3rd series of 3 shots each. Give it 2-3 to weeks after your last shot. Stay away from cardio and ice it daily. This is truly an amazing product. It hurts during and after and take it easy."
"7 weeks into treatment and ears buzzing like crazy, it is relentless was prescribed Betahistine Dihyrochloride tabs 16 mg taken half a tab twice a day for 2 weeks but so far no result. Have also noticed a lot of joint pain over the last couple of weeks (well more so than usual I am 54 lol)."
"I have been on the Butrans Patch (20) for three weeks.  The results have exceeded my hopes after years of enduring chronic pain related to Fibromyalgia.  The relentless pain in my neck and back while sleeping has been reduced at least 90%.  I am able to make my bed, bathe, cook and do laundry most days.  I am more tired than normal, which is probably attributed to my increase in activity each day.  The negatives so far include moderate agitation and mild itching and irritation at the location site."
"I am on week 6, which is second pack of 3 months. I have been bleeding since I started, not as heavy as my usual cycles but 6 week period. If this doesn&#039;t stop soon I&#039;m done with it. Also my breasts are so so sore they hurt and I never have issues with that."
"I filtered through these comments to see how many people had the same effect as I did. Literally day one. I have been drinking almost daily for 20+ years. After the first dose I had no craving. I drank a glass of wine just to see what would happen. It was fine, I finished it, but had no desire for another one!  That never happens. It almost seems too good to be true. It is remarkable that this drug is not used more for alcohol dependence. No doubt because it is generic and a big pharmaceutical company doesn&#039;t promote it."
"Was given a prescription to Pristiq to help with ADHD in addition to Xanax for anxiety.  The first day I noticed an improved mood, but initially thought it was the Xanax.  After taking Pristiq first thing in the morning and holding off on the Xanax, I noticed a significant improvement in mood over no medication, and a slight improvement over taking both Pristiq and Xanax.  Between the two of them, they seem to keep my anxiety and focus in a healthy range.  The only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is slight jaw fatigue from clenching.  Pretty minor though, and something I have no problem dealing with."
"This caused severe headaches sore breast and emotional outbursts. Rather have flushes"
"I was rear ended in an auto accident. The second doctor I saw for the whiplash injury prescribed cyclobenzaprine as well as 800mg Ibuprofen. The two work quite well together. I&#039;m able to move with more ease during the day. It also has helped quite a bit with muscle spasms at night. The only side effects I&#039;ve had are dry mouth and some minor dizzy spells."
"So far so good. I&#039;ve been on Junel for 6 months and it&#039;s been great! It has prevented pregnancy, and made me finally get my period 17 and never had a period so my dr. put me on Junel). I now get my period regularly. only negative is I have pretty bad mood swings, which I had before I was put on birth control, but now they&#039;re worse. I think it does a really good job other than that."
"June 2017- I have been using this product for a little less than 2 months. I started at 185lb and a BMI of 39.5. I have lost 20 pounds and now have a BMI of 27. I am the walking billboard for this product. My physician who prescribed this has even started taking it after seeing my results. Everyone has noticed the difference and it feels great!"
"I am 29 years old.  I have fibromyalgia and hypermobility disorder.  Without this drug I would be worthless.  I used to be a grumpy person that could not accomplish anything without major difficulty.  I have taken Ultram ER 300 for the last 3 years. I have never been without this medicine for more than 12 hours.  I am now 3 days off this medicine because I ran out by accident.  This has been the most miserable experience of my life.  I am on the verge of getting written up at work.  I can not focus.  I feel horrible.  I cant go to sleep at night and I cant wake up in the morning.  This is truly miserable.  I feel as if I am being hit by a truck several times a day."
"I have been on Tenuate 75 mgs.  for 1 week and I have lost 11 lbs.  I have increase energy, it curbs my appetite, and little to no side effects.  I am hoping with the medication and learning a new life style change of eating that I can finally get to the point where I am not obese."
"I&#039;ve struggled with binge eating every since I was in middle school and I&#039;m now 33. Nothing ever worked for me until Vyvanse. The biggest thing for me is that I no longer obsess over food. I would think about food all day long and all night until I managed to fall asleep. I never knew what hunger truly was because I always used food to control my emotions. Vyvanse controls the compulsions and obsessions I once had over food. An added plus is that I&#039;ve lost 8 pounds in about 3 weeks since I&#039;ve started taking it. I no longer binge and its the strangest yet most incredible feeling in the world. I would have rated this a 10 but I&#039;m only 3 wks in so hopefully the effects are long lasting."
"I had my ParaGard placed in October of 2011. I remember it being a quick process and just slight cramping when it was inserted. I&#039;ve had it for 4 years now and am about to have it replaced with a new one because I love it so much! The only negative thing I have found is that I get cramps monthly. I NEVER experienced menstrual cramps before I got the ParaGard, I now know what my friends always complained about. It has also been 100% effective for my husband and I since I&#039;ve had it ;)"
"I am on the maximum dosage of 400mg daily off and on for 7 years, and all I know is together with Voltaren, I&#039;m able to live my life again. It also helps significantly with depression associated with pain, and amazingly enough, appetite control. This medicine works absolute wonders for me."
"My experience with accutane is life changing my story will literally change lives for the simple fact that I am a kid that lived the same nightmare each and every high school kid has experienced at least once in there life and the fact that I can share what I did and that it could help millions of people is heartwarming I wish I could post pictures because this story just doesn&#039;t do it justice"
"I am a 53 year old prostate cancer survivor (radical prostatectomy and adjuvant radiation treatment) with depression/anxiety. 

I started on 150mg of Wellbutrin 6 months ago. Recently started having major depression/anxiety feelings about work. I am now taking 150mg twice a day and I feel great. I cannot believe the difference in my mood from dismal depression to optimism. I also quit smoking and drinking. I&#039;ve been doing the South Beach diet with moderate exercise (30-40 minutes walking on treadmill) and have lost 20 pounds, but I was about 100 pounds overweight so I have a long way to go. 

I am just a few days into the 150mg twice a day regimen, but the results with respect to mood change have been remarkable."
"I stated phentermine yesterday 13/6/16 weighed myself this morning I&#039;ve lost 5llb wow. Yesterday I spent 6 hrs decorating my living room was up and down ladder and stretching drank about 4 pints of water had toast and marmalade in the morning . later on had lettuce on bread and a bottle of rose. I&#039;m shocked to see the loss but happy about. Started at 196 want to get to 140."
"I have just  received my 4th Xolair shot. I get them every two weeks. While I do think the shot is making a difference I am also discovering I am having some common side affects. Apparently I am getting dehydrated and have some dizziness. Anyone else have side effects and how long did they last? I was so concerned with the possibility of an anaphylactic reaction I did not catch that I was experiencing common side effects."
"In about five days I started feeling like a cloud lifted and clear thinking rolled in. I&#039;m very happy with the Aptiom (800mg is my dose). So glad I have it. Wish the ACA insurance paid more, as I&#039;m paying $622/ 90 day supply. Otherwise, it&#039;s very effective."
"Wonderful, best thing ever to happen to me."
"I have been using Vagifem 10mcg for 8-9 months and I just switched to Estrace vaginal cream 1gr.  Vagifem kept my vagina healthy but the estrogen doesn&#039;t reach the external genital area which remains dry.  With cream I&#039;m able to use it in the vagina but I spread a little extra on the outside."
"I like this medicine for tension headaches.  It works fast.
The bad side is, it makes me jittery and on edge. It must be the low dose of caffeine.  I really don&#039;t know.  But I take it as a last resort.  I don&#039;t get sleepy or tired. Just a little &quot;out of it&quot;    I know the caffeine is there to help, just wish it was lower.
I also take ativan. Not at the same time, a few hours later.  It gets rid of the fioricet jitters.  Hate to have to take them both in the same day.  I have to much to do, to put my brain in a fog, and my nerves on high alert. With my job I need to be focused.  Can&#039;t take on a work day.   
Maybe it&#039;s time to try something else.
But..this does work for tension.  So if you can be at home, good headache med to take."
"As a birth control, this worked good. It did not cause me to gain weight and it helped my acne. But I had TERRIBLE mood swings. I cried a lot and the smallest of things would make me angry. This was my first time being on birth control, so I had no idea that it could have such an effective on my mood/personality. It honestly made me a different person. So I switched to Lomedia and finally felt like myself again!"
"Absolutely brilliant medicine....... I live again."
"I was on tri-sprintec for years with no real problems. I had consistent break through bleeding for a few months in a row and had to switch to something monophasic. I didn&#039;t realize until after the switch how bloated and constipated tri-sprintec made me. I thought I had IBS or something, but no, it was the bcp"
"My experiance with the birth control rod. Its really great. I&#039;ve had it in for a year now I get occasional aches in my arm and spotting every once and a while but not enough to wear a tampon. I will keep having this implant until  I am ready to have kids. I love this birth control"
"21 year old male. All my life I have been active and healthy, until last month. Bouts and bouts of diarrhea. I thought it was never going to end. At first the doctors thought it was an infection (infectious diarrhea) and put me on antibiotics of a week. That didn&#039;t help. It wasn&#039;t until I had pain throughout my whole stomach and was admitted into the ER did they perform a colonoscopy and discover that I had moderate to severe ulcerative colitis throughout my entire colon. They put me on Asacol (mesalamine) at 3600mg daily, 3 x 1200mg. That didn&#039;t work. Then they tried prednisone. I kid you not, in less than 1 day, my bowel movements went from 30 per day to 5 per day. The pain lessened and no more sudden urges. I wouldn&#039;t say I&#039;m out of the woods just yet."
"I was diagnosed with a bacterial infection after having a cold and cough for a month. I visited my doctor after having a continuous severe headache, that reached down into my neck and problems with my vision. Within a few hours to 36 hours of taking this medicine I started having trouble breathing, tightness in my chest, coughing, rhinorrhea, higher heart rate, restlessness and nervousness. I took a total of six pills before I decided I could not deal with the side effects anymore. I should have stopped and contacted my doctor when I noticed the first side effect."
"It is good for mood stability"
"I had a single pure sensory (lacunar Infarct) stroke. Aggrenox was prescribed. It caused a bad headache only on the first day. I&#039;ve been taking it for over fifty months. No side effects. No further strokes since the first one."
"This medicine leaves me feeling undecided and confused. First off, it made me break out bad, and in a type of way I never did before. I had huge cysts all over my back. My Dr said that it &quot;gets everything out of your skin then clears you up.&quot; I did clear up after 4 months on it. It wasn&#039;t until the last month it improved. Problem is that it scarred me everywhere from the cysts. I never broke out on my back like that before, and it actually hurt. I&#039;m hoping the scars become less dark. 

Bottom line: It broke me out bad for 3 months and then cleared up and I&#039;m left with scars. Skin is much clearer but I&#039;m still getting small pimples on shoulders and face."
"Nuvaring is great. No problems ever during intercourse or taking it out/ putting it in. Protects against &quot;accidents&quot; multiple times a month. Worth the money as opposed to pill!!"
"My young son was presciribed this for severe tonsillitis. His fevers were very high. Paracetamol would bring it down but it would be right back up long before 4 hrs were up. The Azithromycin just made him sicker. He had the worst diarrhea and gas and abdominal pain which was very difficult for an already miserable child. After 3 days he wasn&#039;t improving and was changed to a different medication."
"Went to emergency room for blood in urine Wed. Diagnosed with large stone in bladder. Urinated way above normal on Wed. Doc gave me script for flomax.  Thursday no control over my bladder. Felt worse than a baby. Urinated at times every 10 minutes over a 2 hour period. Even both something to put in my underwear to absorb urine. Most of yesterday I could even make it to the toilet. I anticipated surgery to get rid of stone. I took two Flomax yesterday(should only take one before bedtime without water). Will do so from now on. Apparently the Flomax kicked in immediately. Felt like a normal person today.Only been to bathroom three times today. Now past 9PM. Will continue withFlomax of course. Hope I&#039;m doing ok tomorrow. Right now, I rate a 10."
"I take a combo of Dyazide and Tenormin daily. Have been doing so for more than 30 years (80 now). I find thiis combo works very well for me. I have always had a high pulse rate and a high diastolic pressure. They have been excellently regulated with this combo."
"Hi all. I am 31, 5&#039;9, 270 lbs. I&#039;ve been on Belviq for 8 days. On the 1st day I experienced a slight headache. I&#039;ve had no other side effects since then. After 4 days of Belviq, eating VERY healthy small portions &amp; doing 40 min of intense aerobics, I had not lost a pound! I was discouraged &amp; figured I wasn&#039;t a responder. My appetite wasn&#039;t suppressed either. Then I decided to take it on an empty stomach instead of with my meals. It works for me 100% now. Once I take it, I don&#039;t want anything to eat for about 3 hours. During that time, I just drink water. In the last 3 days I&#039;ve lost 6 lbs! I&#039;ll update again once my 30 day subscription is up. Feeling HOPEFUL again!"
"I started on Saxenda as a last resort in late February. I&#039;m 26, 5&#039;6 and weighed 217 when I first started my weight loss journey. I&#039;ve lost inches on my own by working out every single day and watching what I eat, but the pounds were staying the same. I&#039;ve taken Phenteramine, HCG shots, and so many different weight loss pills only to be disappointed and not successful. It&#039;s been almost a month since I started Saxenda and I&#039;m down to 196 lbs. I&#039;m never hungry, and even though I have nausea and fatigue, I&#039;m not complaining. I plan on staying on this until I lose my goal of 70 pounds. With my insurance alone the medication was going to be $100, but with the coupon card on mysaxendacard.com I got it for $30 for 5 pins!"
"After spending years on very high doses of tramadol, Nucynta has worked better than any amount of tramadol or any of the other narcotic pain killers I have used. This medicine is closely related to tramadol (depending on who you ask but most say yes it is). They tweeked tramadols formula to make it much stronger so its just a narcotic. I am able to take Nucynta for breakthrough pain once or twice a day. My baseline pain reliever is Ultram ER 300mg. I take Cymbalta as well as the other two, so the doctor and pharmacy dude like to whine about serotonin syndrome. Nucynta is like tramadol in its anti-depressant makeup. I have no side effects probably because I&#039;m used to tramadol. "
"I got Mirena because I had abnormal cells found in my uterus. I had always been regular as clockwork and beginning March I started bleeding heavy enough to fill the overnight extra long/absorbent incontinence pads!  Did that for month of March and April pending Dr. appt.   Mirena supposed to get rid of &quot;bad&quot; abnormal cells with progestin hormone only.  Between biopsy and insertion of IUD (no kids) most painful experience ever!  Have had light pink and brown discharge since insertion but had sex for first time with my husband in 5 months due to all this and now I&#039;m cramping, bleeding again at slower rate - filling a light pantyliner, but when going to restroom pee to red water and blood when wiping. Feel like I&#039;m starting over."
"21 years old and no kids. Approx 120 lbs. I got kyleena inserted about 12 days ago. I was originally taking the depo shot but I wanted something more long term. I&#039;ve had mild to severe cramps for my periods my whole life. During the insertion I experienced what felt like 2 of the worst period cramps I could ever have (I screamed). Once it was over I was fine, but I did have severe cramping for hours after until the medicine they gave me finally kicked in. I was taking ibuprofen for about a week because I was still experiencing cramping. My period started going away and was very light. My doctor prescribed me estradiol 1 mg to help with adjusting to the IUD. I&#039;ve been taking them for about a week. Starting yesterday my period became very heavy."
"I decided to get the Implanon a couple months back because, as a college student, I&#039;m very forgetful of little things such as a little pill daily or having to go get a shot every three months, which I hated. The procedure was speedy and non-painful. I received quite the bruise and sore spot but nothing that was unbearable, I am now left with a little scar. So far, I haven&#039;t had a single period but I&#039;ve always been irregular. No major mood swings or weight gain. I&#039;ve actually lost 15 pounds since. The only problem I&#039;ve encountered so far is being paranoid that someone, or myself, will grab it, or whatever, the wrong way and it&#039;ll hurt, but haven&#039;t had that either. I definitely recommend the Implanon!"
"Caused me to have hives, can&#039;t take it."
"I am not able to use oral contraceptives containing estrogen, as I have migraines with auras (which puts me at a highly increased risk of stroke). As such, I have been getting Depo-Provera shots for the past 2 years. I have not gained any weight at all while on the shot and my weight has remained extremely constant. I stopped getting periods altogether after the second shot and have had very light spotting only a few times (lasting less than a day). My only issue is that my sex drive has decreased slightly, but not severely enough that it has significantly affected my relationship with my boyfriend. I think the shot affects everyone differently, but for me it is the best option available and I have not had many side effects using it."
"I really was looking forward and trying this new birthcontrol. The first month was fine with little to no side effects. However about 3 months in, it started to have a negative effect on my mental health. I didn&#039;t feel like me and became very sensitive to the smallest problems. As well as it completely messed up my menstrual cycle. Would I recommend it? No. Never."
"13 year failed back surgery patient. Just winged off methadone. Received no relief from Ultram ER 300mg at all!"
"Going through chemotherapy for ALL for 3 years, and I&#039;ve tried EVERY available CNIV that I could get when I was doing my chemotherapy. Zofran by far was the best for me specifically the sublingual (melt under the tongue) it also has a cherry taste to it and the taste of it gives me an almost instantaneously feeling of the symptoms being not as bad and then as it finally melts it greatly reduces the symptom if not completely stops them. Sometimes unfortunately there&#039;s times that even though it reduced symptoms that the CNIV was just stronger and I&#039;d still not feel to well and still have CNIV but it did at least help and make it more tolerable when it didn&#039;t completely take it away."
"Worked great after a car accident and i had back and knee injuries.  Now since I&#039;ve been taking so long it doesn&#039;t work.  I just throw up and suffer in pain all the time. I don&#039;t agree with the fact acetaminophen is added. That stuff is garbage plus why add it if we can just go buy it."
"I take 4mg of Abilify with 60 mg of Cymbalta and my life couldn&#039;t be better.  I enjoy things again!  I also take Focalin for ADHD and this helps tremendously also. I&#039;m like a new person."
"I was on invega sustenna for a little over a year then switched to invega trinza. I&#039;m doing way better than I was. I&#039;m off all my pills and just take the once every 3 month shot. I&#039;m still disabled but the medicine helps relieve the symptoms.. I would recommend this to anyone who&#039;s already been on invega and invega sustenna.. It can&#039;t take your disability away but it can help you.."
"I have the &#039;fast heartbeat&#039;, but is much better to deal with than the refractory hives I have.  Only Doxepin and Clarinex abate the itching."
"I started BeYaz because it was recommended by a new PA I&#039;m seeing.  SHe said it would help with the PMS symptoms I described.  I&#039;ve nearly completed the first pack and I am feeling completely out of control, depressed, even suicidal, and irritable and SO angry.  I DID NOT feel this way before, even at my worst PMS times.  I started my period about a week before I should have this month.  I don&#039;t know if I should continue using this pill or not.  It just dawned on me that it could be the BeYaz, and after reading the pamphlet and now these postings, I think the BeYaz may be why I&#039;ve been having these overwhelming symptoms."
"I took 3 doses of Polyethylene glycol over two-days and have been having diarrhea for the past 3day , I am now having to wear pull ups because I can&#039;t stop going. HELP"
"I&#039;m 27 years old and have been on Lexapro for about 2 1/2 years now. It has really saved my life. I fought depression and anger problems for most of my life. I tried all kinds of other medicines and nothing helped. I went through a really bad divorce about three years ago and got very depressed. I never really knew how I was treating people until I started taking Lexapro and getting better. I felt good about my life. Lexapro saved my life when I thought there was hope. I&#039;m so thankful. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is a little weight gain. I don&#039;t like the weight gain but I wouldn&#039;t give up Lexapro for anything."
"Ladies calm down!! It will be ok!! I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on February 17. The next day within the 24 hour period I got my way. I had very bad back pains and abdominal pains. That last a few days. The next day I took my way I had some spotting. I was expecting my period on February 25 but I didn&#039;t get it until today! I was so stressed out I even took a test. Ladies, your period may be late. It&#039;s normal. Don&#039;t worry. You&#039;ll be ok!! Such a weight off of my shoulders."
