"I have been using tegretol for 6 months , 200 mg a day two times. Before this I started with abylify and it did not help me. I feel much more normal than before and I don&#039;t feel like I am going up or down anymore. But  I think one of the most important thing is also not using alcohol and sleeping 8 hours a day."
"Unless you are extremely obese (&gt;350 pounds) and have no other options avoid this medication at all costs. Side effects for me were severe nausea, vomiting constantly, heart palpitations (which have not gone away even after stopping the medicine), chills, terrible body aches, delusions, fatigue, insomnia, bizarre dreams, and apathy. Even after stopping the medicine I can still feel after effects. This drug needs to be investigated for safety cause someone I know also had close to the same side effects as me. I did lose 2 pounds the first week but I believe it was cause I had no desire to eat and the constant vomiting. It&#039;s also very expensive."
"Oh my. I was put on carbamazepine for possible epilepsy and it didn&#039;t seem to do anything - but the doctors said to just keep trying. However, it continued to worsen, making my focus dip considerably, and causing my hearing to change! (I&#039;m a musician, I could tell - it dropped a semitone down.) Was very annoying."
"I&#039;ve been on this 8 months and I&#039;m still adjusting. I started last November, and in December I spotted the entire month. My doctor told me to take half the placebos to flush out my system. I missed Christmas eve and Christmas it was so heavy and painful. The worst 2 days I&#039;ve ever had on my period. Round two wasn&#039;t so bad, with the exception of one day. I&#039;m halfway through my 3rd package. I&#039;ve been breaking out like crazy and getting random cramps and bladder infections as I normally would before my period, but I still have another 45 days until placebo week. I might check with my doctor again soon because my body doesn&#039;t seem to want to cooperate with this drug. I&#039;m only on this to treat endometriosis. I&#039;m not sexually active."
"I took Delsym grape flavor liquid 12hr, about an hour after I had a final coughing fit. About two hours after I started having very watery diarrhea. Fifth hour in and I am still having diarrhea but no cough. I will never take this again!! Not worth it!"
"I have been on Otezla for 4 months. At first the side effects were severe and I was feeling sick everyday, but continue with the optimism that it would clear. Those side effects began to die down, but I started to feel more along the lines of depression and anxiety, feelings I had not previously had. All the while, in this 4 months, I have seen zero improvement on my skin, it is the same as if I had not been taken any medication at all. My Dr recommended staying on it for 2 more months to see if there are any results at all. But after having so much optimism when first starting, I have become disheartened and frustrated with both the side effects and the lack of results. I feel worse now than I did 4 months ago."
"Yesterday was my first day.  I slept all day and had a headache. I felt strange. Today I slept half the day but didn&#039;t feel as strange as yesterday. I&#039;m hungry, but nothing sounds good to eat, so I don&#039;t care to eat."
"Pros:  Not too much stomach discomfort, even with an ulcer and irritable bowel syndrome, alters your craving for food - instead of fries, it&#039;s fruit. I&#039;ve lost 82 pounds so far, with only 20 to go.

Cons: It alters your cravings, not sheds the weight for you. It must accompany a change in lifestyle. I had trouble with increased heart rate and I&#039;m in my 20&#039;s with no heart problems. I was even unable to donate blood because the rate was too high. This stabilizes every time I go off the medicine. It also can make me restless. When my husband and I were both on it, we fought like crazy all the time. I thought I was crazy, but each time we would stop taking it, the fighting would decrease."
"I have tried almost every medicine for GAD (Xanax, celexa, paxil, wellbutrin, lamictal, seroquel, buspar) but it seems that Amitriptyline is the only drug that work for me. I  also  take 300 mg of Lyrica for chronic pain and 150 mg of Effexor Xr in the morning and 50 mg of Amitriptyline before sleep. It changed my life."
"(20 days of pure HELL)!! My doctor added Bystolic 10 mg (gave me 3 weeks samples) to help lower my heart rate and blood pressure... I was on Caduet 10mg and Hydrochlorotizide 25mg for over 10 years but recently my bp was not being stable. The 1st day on Bystolic I experienced cold legs and my bp was 132 / 84 better than my 142 / 90.. My short time on Bystolic I started having vivid horrific dreams and was waking up with cold sweat and high bp of 158 / 98 ... During the 1st week I also lost about 2 seconds of consciousness and became very light headed and foggy minded which remained until I demanded my Dr to take me off of Bystolic which he didn&#039;t want to do "
"I have been taking this drug for 4 weeks so far and I am highly disappointed. I have an ovary cyst and I need to block my period completely for several months to see what is happening (cyst is growing with each period). Instead, 19 days after my last period, I got slight bleeding, than it got growing and right now I am having almost 10 days of light bleeding, while taking this without a break. I paid $45 for it. I have never ever paid this high amount for 3 X 21 birth control pills. "
"Because of depression  I had developed insomnia. My doctor had prescribed me ambien, but that wore off real quick that it wasn&#039;t working anymore. Then I was feeling even more depressed because I was worrying about sleeplessness which led me to a viscious cycle, then I tried this Trazadone , it has been a God send for me. I feel normal again I sleep like a baby, at first, before trazadone I was sleeping about 3 hours or so. I have 50 mg and 100. I usually go with 50 and I&#039;m a pretty big dude 250lbs. Just take it with a Lil food before bed time,if u don&#039;t it won&#039;t work as well. Good luck and be patient if your new to this drug. You have to do a Lil experiment on yourself with this before u get it right as far as in dosage and time."
"I&#039;ve been on fluoxetine 10 mg for only 5 days. I have noticed some changes already. I have the worst anxiety and for the past 3 days, stressful situations seem a tad bit less stressful for me. I already lost 4-5 pounds on it. It makes me never think about food anymore. It makes me not hungry for hours. Even a small granola bar can keep me satisfied and full for 5-6 hours... But I force myself to have breakfast lunch and dinner. Things seem more brighter, colors are more vivid to me. Overall I think it&#039;s starting to work. I will re-respond in a few weeks to touch base."
"I read so many good reviews on Drysol so I decided to try it! The first night I used it, it had a burning sensation but I could handle it. The next day I was so happy with the results. I had no sweat at all. The second time I used it, it itched like crazy and I was up all night trying to tolerate it, but still no sweat. The third time I used it my armpits burnt and there was red bumps! I immediately washed it off but the pain didn&#039;t go away. Maybe it was just my skin having a reaction to it but I do not think this is for me!"
"Excellent drug! Very fast pain relief (1-2 days) with no side effects. Other antibiotics have made me extremely nauseous, but no problems with this one at all."
"The medication made me fell generally unwell with increased wind, loose bowel, a constant sick feeling, exhaustion, terrible mood swings."
"This medication in combination with other medicines gave me my life back. I had unsuccessful or allergic reactions to other meds that I had tried. I thank my doctor and this medicine every day for giving me my life back."
"I&#039;ve been taking Paxil 10mg for 3 years and I&#039;m not looking to increase dose. I did gain weight but that&rsquo;s also cause I was not so stressed about being thin , when I do exercise I am super fit .  Paxil works , orgasms were harder but by no means impossible, just takes longer . I feel normal on it , went off for six weeks and there were mild side effects but nothing crazy . Had to go back on as there was a major trauma that happened while I was off them and I crumbled . I say do it but keep the dose low , you don&rsquo;t need to take a lot ."
"Started taking it about 3 weeks ago. Has done wonders for my reflux. I was waking up in the middle of the night just miserable with the burning in my esophagus and throat, and the taste of the acid.  Horrible.  The Dexilant has all but stopped that.  Have had a couple days where I can taste the acid, but no pain.  Just in the last few days, I have developed intense, burning itching on my arms, INSIDE my ears and on my scalp.  No rash, just random itching.  I am hoping and praying it isn&#039;t the medication, but at this point, I don&#039;t have any other ideas."
"I have used this for about 5 months now and I have felt nothing but crappy the whole time. I throw up almost all the time. Feel exhausted constantly. Get diahrrra when I&#039;m vomiting. Can&#039;t sleep well. Crazy mood swings. I&#039;m not pregnant, so it obviously works. It just has gnarly side effects. I&#039;ve see many others with the same issues. I chose it initially because I thought it would be easier than taking a pill every day. I didn&#039;t want to get any of the inserts. So, this seemed the best option for me. When I saw the side effects I didn&#039;t think much of it since I would have those kinds of symptoms when I was on my period or a few days before I would get it. But it the symptoms are to the extreme. my period is also lighter and longer."
"Was prescibed Nucynta 100mg initially. It took effect within approx. 1hr. I, too, felt loopy &amp; out of it. I felt I was hallucinating and had strange off the wall kind of &quot;dreams&quot;. So I called Dr back &amp; exchanged the prescription. I had asked to try the 75mg but guess I scared Dr with my symptoms. So I was prescribed 50mg.  I have been on this dosage for 4 days. Doesn&#039;t last long enough and does NOTHING to manage my pain. I have spinal stenosis as well as scoliosis and degeneration of discs (virtually no discs) between L1-L5. Osteoarthritis in knees as well as in lower back. This medication works well on some, not so with others. "
"Good relief without being too wiped out"
"I like everyone suffered from acne for the longest time. My face was so gross it hindered my self confidence and faith in myself. 

Like everyone, I tried a million creams and pills and washes, none worked, and a lot made my acne worse. 

Acutane is the nuclear option. It cuts off all moisture to your face, and your face basically presses the reset button and figures out that sending all that oil isn&#039;t a good idea. Of course, that means your lips are chapped, your face is dry, and you&#039;ll probably get nosebleeds. To me, that was more than worth it. 

If you think there are other routes to stop your face from looking like a pizza, try those, but if you&#039;ve tried everything and are ready to nuke your face and try again, acutane worked."
"Initially it was beneficial in easing my chronic pain until I had a recent back operation. Now I am being brought down from a dosage of 120mg per day &amp; now down to 25mg per day. Coming off it has been particularly stressful coping with the withdrawal factor but I have recognized the withdrawal symptoms &amp; learning to cope with them on a daily basis with the help of my GP who has also become my counselor &amp; is helping me with this painful regression of dosage. It has been a period of 4 mths so far &amp; I am hopeful of being totally free of the medicine within that same time frame. Although it helped me to get through the pain until the operation, it has been a very painful process of withdrawal.  If possible, an alternative medication would be advisable"
"Actemra is the best medicine! I was diagnosed with polyarticular JIA when I was 13 years old. Now I am 19 years old. I tried many medicines: methotrexate, sulfasalazine, leflunomide, enbrel, remicade. And my arthritis was always active... But after my first Actemra infusion I felt the difference. Now I get these infusions since May. And I don&#039;t feel any pain, stiffness or swelling. I remember that I have arthritis not because my joints hurt but just because I need to go to the hospital for IV infusions. Now I feel like a healthy person! And I feel like that just because Actemra! Oh, and I also want to say that I don&#039;t have any side effects!
P.s. sorry, I can write with some mistakes because english is not my first language, I&#039;m from Europe."
"Had my first baby at 32 weeks and with my second baby I started the shots at 19 weeks with my Dr&#039;s I am pleased to say I&#039;m 38 weeks with pregnancy and couldn&#039;t be happier with how the shots went. They are painful but it was worth it to know in not going to deliver  baby in the Nicu or have to worry about how small she will be as I did with my first... I would love to tell any mother that has the option to use the shots to do so!!"
"I been on this medicine since July of 2015 I started off weighing 462 and now I&#039;m at 343 as of January 2016. My only side affect are slight headache and dry mouth. It requires you to drink plenty of water which is good for your diet. But overall the best I ever came across. I never was a big diet fan so I really never tried to much but I&#039;m glad I have success on my first try"
"It&#039;s too bad that the internet seems to have only the negative reviews- very few positives- whether it be of a restaurant or a medication.  When things are really good people aren&#039;t apt to post about it.  

I have been on Abilify for two different rounds.  I take 400 mg each of Wellbutrin and Lamictal and my dr. suggested I add Abilify to augment due to some depression I was having.  It seemed to work in the beginning but then I had some weight gain and attributed it to that- so I went off of it for a few months.  My weight went up anyway due to poor eating habits.  I ended up in another depression a few months later and I decided to give Abilify 10 mg another try.  I am feeling much better!"
"Have rupture disks in my lower back L4 L5. This is the best muscle relaxer for me, have taken about all of them. Better than Valium and Soma and they were 2 of the better muscle relaxers I had taken before!"
"I was on Aptiom 800 mg once a day for Partial motor seizures. Price was astronomical !My co-pay was over $600 a month. Luckily I was given 3 months worth of samples for free. I changed Doctors and was told that oxcarbazepine was basically the same as this drug (eslicarbazepine)and my copay was $2.85. I was a little ticked when I was told this.Yes it is the newest drug on the market, but is it really new? Be sure to ask questions of your Doctor. It may save you lots of money.Oh....the initial days I was sick, but after I took it a while I felt better. No Seizures in the 3 months I was on it."
"I have severe neck pain and muscle knots in my neck.  I&#039;ve been told by my doctor these knots are essentially small bone spurs that protrude into the muscle tissue which causes spasms.  This is particularly bad when its damp or rainy.  I was prescribed 10 mg of Flexeril.  Overall, I&#039;d say it works great with very few side effects.  The only issue is some days 10mg doesn&#039;t seem to help very much.  I have taken up to 15 mg (one-and-a-half) when the pain or knots are really bad.  At the 10 mg dose I do NOT have any problems with being sleepy and take it during the work day all the time with no sleepiness.  If I take it with a pain medicine it will make me drowsy. The sleepiness side effect seems to vary person to person."
"I could say that I would recommend this to people with mild to severe acne. I have been on doxycycline for a about 1 month and a couple of weeks close to 2 months and my acne has improved so, so much. I&#039;m supposed to be on this for three months and I&#039;m already close to flawless acnefree skin but of course with a combination of Epiduo, chemical peels and a gentle cleanser. Overall Doxy has been great and with no doubt would suggest it."
"I&#039;m 21 years old and the doctor told me I have arthritis (I found out from another doctor I do NOT) but they put me on this to help with the pain (from my car accident, not from arthritis) and it did NOT work. It made me have lots of bloody stool and severe abdominal pain. It barely reduced the pain.
"
"If I could give this poorly tested &quot;medicine&quot; a 0 rating, I would.  This medication damn near killed me.  I had a reaction referred to as akethisia, I felt like my insides were in constant need to motion, the only thing that would somewhat calm it was aggressive pacing back and forth, I couldn&#039;t lift my arms, and I had trouble speaking due to twitching of my diaphragm. I almost killed myself to get away from these horrible feelings.  Abilify also caused permanent damage to my diaphragm and I will randomly not be able to talk without my voice fluctuating from the twitching diaphragm.  My advice would be to try a different drug if yours isn&#039;t working, There&#039;s no point in adding a second chemical to &quot;boost&quot; your other one. ."
"Took Lexapro for 5 years, gained 30 lbs (am very active), fell asleep at stop signs, very lethargic. Finally spoke with people who had had same effects, weaned off.  Terrible crash, lost 15 lbs.  Started Wellbutirn, had energy, which was wonderful, rages were awful.  I have started Pristiq with Wellbutrin wean; Pristiq 1 day, Wellbutrin the next for a week, then 2:1, 3:1, etc.  I am optimistic.  I feel better just addressing the problem and relieved to find some help.  Am raising 3 children and want better for them.  Worth mentioning, abrupt change of any medicines can cause withdrawal symptoms.  Beware and make sure that you read the signs.  Headache, nausea, mood swings, sweats, appetite loss etc. "
"I am on day 5 taking Chantix. I had smoked 1 pack a day to 7 cigs a day!  My skin color is back, appetite increased which is good because I am a size 2, I feel healthier and cleaner. I smoked for 13 years. I can feel my body is in the healing process. I hope to kick this bad habit to the curb forever in 3-6 months and Never return to smoking! I pay the high price of withdrawal symptoms to only become a non smoker and be healthier."
"It works great for me"
"I have been on Yaz since June of this year and at first it was okay but no I can&#039;t stand it. I&#039;m always tired and I&#039;m not in the mood to do anything. I&#039;m 18 and just started college and met a guy who I&#039;m crazy about but the bad thing is he has to put up with me being tired and moody all the time. Another thing about being on Yaz is that I never know when I&#039;m going to get my period and even between periods I have quite a bit of bleeding. I called my doctor today and she said she would call in a new prescription for me to try so lets hope it helps! I wasn&#039;t sure if it was stress about from my college courses that were causing me trouble but then I started reading other people experiences on Yaz and they have been going through the same thing."
"I&#039;ve used NuvaRing for almost 7,
 Yes 7 years now and I absolutely love it. I can take it out during intercourse If it bothers my husband, as long as I put it back in up to an hour later. Even during the first couple months it was comfortable and no side effects. (P.S. You can skip your period if you have a &quot;special weekend&quot; planned, so when you take your ring out after 3 weeks you just immediately put in another new one instead of waiting for your period to come. Awesome!)"
"The only good thing about nexplanon is not getting pregnant or having to take a pill. I&rsquo;ve had this implant for about 2 and a half years and I&rsquo;m on my period ALL THE TIME. I&rsquo;ll bleed for a week, stop for a couple days, and then start again for another week. My periods are usually normal to light- but I&rsquo;m bleeding 50% of my days some months.  And often times it looks old and brown. My &ldquo;normal&rdquo; month is a 7 day period. Being on my period so much also messes with my vaginal pH. I&rsquo;m getting it removed this week and I&rsquo;m so ready. And so is my husband."
"Implanon does exactly what it is supposed to do (prevent you from becoming pregnant). But I have found that I am experiencing many symptoms in 6 months of having it: depression, weight gain (15lbs), no period, PMS all the time, headaches and lowered sex drive."
"I began to take Macrobid (Nitrofurantoin mono) 100mg caplets on last Thursday for a UTI.   Within 24 hours I had severe muscle aching, headache, and fatigue.  Within 2 days I had even more severe body aches, joint pain, extreme fatigue and sleepiness, dizziness and difficulty walking as well as a fever of 101-102 degrees.  I went in to a walk in clinic but symptoms progressed and by Sunday I was in the ER thinking I was in septic shock.  I assumed my infection had spread, I had no idea it could be a reaction to the antibiotic.  After a barrage of tests including a CT scan, the only possibility is that this poison was wrecking my health.   This medication caused me a huge amount of problems.  I stopped taking it yesterday and still have a headache, dizziness, muscle aches and low fever.  I can only hope the damage caused by Macrobid is not permanent."
"I&#039;ve suffered from acne since I was about 12 years old and I&#039;ve had to deal with it straight up until college. Over the years I tried countless acne products, but nothing worked for me and I became really discouraged. Luckily, I was recently prescribed the Retin A Cream 0.05% by my dermatologist and my skin is thriving! My blemishes has cleared up so much, it is mindboggling. I can&#039;t tell you how much this cream has helped my skin. It&#039;s been like a blessing. When I first started using it, I was skeptical because I didn&#039;t see any results, but keep using. Don&#039;t become discouraged! It works. If it worked for me, someone who has struggled with acne for half of her life, it will work for you."
"I was plagued with level 10 migraines 4 to 10 times a month...usualIy around 20 hrs. duration   was prescribed every kind of migraine cocktail imaginable.  Mega doses of 5 different anti-seizure medications, beta blockers,  and imitrex self injections and nasal spray.  Years using this stuff got me nowhere.  A PA in the emergency room prescribed cyclobenz and Motrin for my lower back!  It worked and my Migraine and neck throb pain solved....however, the medicine knocks me out like I got hit in the head by a brick...small price to alleviate migraine pain!!!   I wonder how safe it is to use this medicine for 10 years straight?"
"After my 4 th child I went with the para guard not fully decided on if/when we&#039;d have more kids. 10 years gave me plenty of thinking time :)
My 4th just started kindergarten and I was thrilled to have a schedule with free time for once. 
The day before school started I found out I&#039;m pregnant!!
I immediately went to the doctor to have it removed but it isn&#039;t an easy pull. They couldn&#039;t find the string. It shows on an ultrasound still attached but attached right at the pregnancy. Too risky to remove. 
I just had a follow up ultrasound to be sure the pregnancy is viable at 7 weeks and discovered TWINS!!
I know, sounds like a funny prank. It&#039;s true. I&#039;m pregnant with twins and the IUD is still attached! Found outMy sis is preg too IUD in place!"
"When I saw this website and read multiple experiences, I saw that I was and am not alone. I have a wonderful boyfriend who is still putting up with me and my god-awful self for a few months. Although I have only been on Tri-Sprintec for a week, it is one of the hardest weeks of my life. I feel like I have every side effect. For example, I am constantly nauseated and always have a headache. And, in addition, I literally cry for no reason. My hair is shedding more than it ever has before, and my outlook on life has changed from optimistic to pessimistic. "
"This is my first time on the pill to help with cramps and this birth control is helping a lot. I no longer have raging cramps every month. I haven&#039;t gained any weight on the pill either. The only issue I have with it is it affecting my period. My last period lasted for 13 days and I am still spotting here and there. I am still new to the pill so it should be something I hopefully get used to. No major mood swings on this for me either."
"I had quite a constipation issue. I&#039;ll spare you the details, but it was serious. I went to store &amp; chose Dulcolax. Never tried it before.  Took 2 pills at night. Woke up early with severe cramps that didn&#039;t subside and got worse.  I then started getting more &amp; more nauseous. I managed to go get a bucket just in time to flop back in bed and throw up repeatedly until I dry gagged. The nausea then subsided, but the cramps remained, although they lightened up.  I was then unable to get out of bed for most of the rest of the day. I thought I might have a 24 hr stomach virus. I don&#039;t know if I got a virus &amp; coincidence I&#039;d taken Dulcolax, or Dulcolax got me sick. My body apparently can&#039;t tolerate this medicine."
"No negative side effects. Stopped my period after 2-3 months. When I wanted to get pregnant, stopped the medicine and after one cycle got pregnant. Restarted my prescription at 6 weeks postpartum."
"My son 16 was started on Celexa for depression and anxiety. He has had absolutely no side effects. One month after starting 20 mg his mood was significantly improved. More outgoing, cooperative, less argumentative, decreased anxiety. It is truly amazing. I am a nurse and have to say it was very noticeable. Now that school has started the anxiety and stress have increased so I am seeing a little more mood swings. Of course this is nothing compared to before. He goes to his psychologist regularly and sees his family doctor on a regular basis. Patients must remember that nothing works overnight and therapy is great along with the medication."
"My doctor will not prescribe Xanax, Klonopin, or Ativan for anxiety, but he was comfortable giving me a script for Librium (chlordiazepoxide) 25mg capsules 4x a day for my anxiety.  Worked well at the beginning, but like all benzo&#039;s, the efficacy wore off after about a month of use.  Was great while it worked and it was very inexpensive!  Tapered off then went back on it a few months later and it worked like a charm again! On and off usage for close to 5 years now."
"I got nexplanon in on September 1st. I was on my period when I got it it is now December 1st and I&#039;ve still been bleeding very heavily. I guess the birth control is working because I can&#039;t have sex to get pregnant because of the period. A plus is that I don&#039;t have to take a pill everyday or get something implanted in my vagina... But I hope I get off my period soon giving it another month"
"My son used Rynatan for nasal congestion due to allergies and it&#039;s awesome."
"I&#039;ve switched between different generic versions of Ortho tri cyclen, and this is not my favorite. I have terrible cystic acne, and it did help a LOT with that. But it did nothing at all for my periods. My periods without birth control caused me to be in a haze, nausea, vomiting, terrible cramping, and heavy bleeding. With Tri-Linyah, it was mostly the same! The other generic pills I tried at least eased my periods so that they were bearable. On Tri-Linyah I also didn&#039;t know what to expect, some periods would be longer, start at different times, or be lighter/heavier. 
I&#039;m not sure how different generic medications of the same type can really be, but I noticed this one was definitely different."
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin for 6 months now for anxiety and depression and I feel AMAZING.... I&#039;ve lost 30lbs and still losing. Not through any actual work on my part. I just find that I&#039;m not as hungry. I&#039;m full of energy every morning and it last all day. I&#039;ve also noticed an insane increase in Libido and I&#039;ve easily kicked some bad habits without really trying..... Like biting my nails.... Just doesn&#039;t happen anymore.  I also don&#039;t have any desire for alcohol or cigarettes.  For once in my life since starting this long road of anti-depressants, I FINALLY feel like this is the one for me.  The only negative side effects I have noticed is my chest/neck stays flush and I really do have to remind myself to eat."
"My husband began using Lialda about a week ago, and he&#039;s already getting great results: no blood in stool, no abdominal cramps, and his stool is becoming more &quot;normal&quot; by the day. So far so good."
"I started Celexa about 5 weeks ago for depression. My depression was pretty serious. I had also just been through a death of a family friend. Also I have insomnia. I started on the 20mg, one per day and immediately felt side effects. Feeling super jittery, major energy, mind racing, uncomfortable in my own skin, rapid heartbeat and loss of appetite. It made me VERY uncomfortable and unsocial.  I called my doctor to tell them how I was feeling and he told me to do 10mgs for 2 weeks and then bump up to 20 mgs. The 10 mgs was much more tolerable and I noticed I did start to feel much better and more social and can sleep better at night. I stayed with 10mgs because 20mgs is too strong for me. I feel great now! The side effects have gone away. "
"After struggling with depression and anxiety for the past 10 years (23 now), I was beyond miserable with the way I felt. Due to the depression and anxiety, I isolated myself from friends, dreaded things I used to enjoy, etc. I saw my doctor about a month ago and was prescribed Escitalopram (generic of Lexapro), at 5 mg. In the beginning of starting this medication, I noticed nausea, increased anxiety and irritability, and tiredness. After 2 weeks of starting this medication, I slowly started feeling the positive effects, which included lowered depression and the ability to control my anxiety and panic attacks. I am so grateful my doctor prescribed me this medication, because I finally feel like I&#039;m regaining my happiness and self-esteem!"
"Overall, Topamax has been a very positive attribute to my daily &quot;cocktail&quot; of necessary medicines.  It has assisted in stabilizing my mood, and thus helped me to resume a semi normal routine.  As for side effects, I experience loss of memory that I am told is due to the Topamax, and is fairly common.  Although, irritating at times, it is much more tolerable than my past existence."
"I went from Zocor, which I had been taking for 10 years. When I started taking Crestor my cholesterol went from 240 to 147 in 3 weeks and has stayed there. My triglycerides went from 340 to 135. I take a 10 milligram a day."
"The 5% patches that i have been using for the last 3 years work well for short periods of time, about 4-5 hours. Reduces the need for hydrocodone. However, stay away from the Mylan brand. They are only 140 mg of lidocaine opposed to the standard 700mg. They get away with this by making the patch thinner so it is still 5%. It doesn&#039;t stick and it doesn&#039;t work for me. Got stuck with a few boxes that my insurance had to pay for. Ended up switching all my prescriptions from Rite-Aid to Walgreens."
"I got my nexplanon put on Feb 2 2017 and since then I been on and off bleeding I hate it hurts and I just want it to stop. My libido is still high but I can&#039;t have sex because of the bleeding"
"I have been on this drug for 4 weeks I notice very subtle changes. I&#039;ve titrated up 25mg a week every week  and I&#039;m currently taking 125 mg. I still am probably 3 weeks away for full effects but I am noticing some good things. I no longer think about killing myself all day and I have less anxiety than I did four weeks ago. I feel optimistic that better days are ahead. I also take ativan for anxiety but will likely discontinue once I&#039;m at the key mg amount which I believe is 200."
"Works great for me. No side effects. Just puts me to sleep and any time I wake up I feel great."
"I was prescribed Avelox for 7 days for bronchitis, so far so good, the only side effect was a little dizziness and nausea."
"I had the implanon put in on July 19th 2015. I have had the implanon in for 5 months and 23 days. I had it taken out two days ago after noticing my periods getting heavier. I have had a period everyday I have been on the implanon and bad mood swings. No weight gain though which is good. 
I would not recommend this to anyone."
"I hate this medication! Yes it controls my seizures but it makes me a horrible human being. It causes me to be mean, moody, and angry.I would almost rather have the seizures than have these horrible side effects. next neurologist appointment I am begging for a different medication. And not dilantin or gabapentin either. Both those have given me nasty side effects as well.but what works for one does not necessarily mean it will work for another. Good luck to those of you who are taking this medication. I pray that the side effects are not as bad for you as they were for me."
"My doctor refused to support a prescription for low-dose (5 mg) zolpidem after my insurance company would not approve its filling.  Instead he prescribed 20 mg rozerem.  Now my problem is not insomnia, but rather an infrequent occasion where I have not fallen asleep.  For that 2.5 mg zolpidem was the perfect answer.  I have now tried rozerem 5 times for the past two plus months.  1.5 hours later I am mellow, but not asleep.  Moreover, I do not feel that a good night&#039;s rest results. The worst was several weeks ago where asthmatic breathing was keeping me awake.  Somewhere around 11:30 I took a pill.  At 1:30, I was still wired.  Finally in the 4 plus range I resorted to a benadryl and somehow got about 3 hours worth."
"I have herniated discs in my lower back from a fall. I generally don&#039;t like taking narcotic pain killers, but it gets to a certain point where I would take anything to make the pain stop. That&#039;s when I take one  5/325 Percocet. It takes 90% of my pain away when I take it with Motrin. I&#039;ve tried every non narcotic pain reliever and had no results. I tried Ultram with high hopes but it didn&#039;t help. It&#039;s a shame that because of abuse this medication is so frowned upon (and hard to get even if you really need it). It&#039;s so helpful for me and gets me through days that I would otherwise spend crying or in bed. The only downside is if I have to take it a couple days in a row I get constipated. I have no dizziness, high feeling or nausea."
"Oxycontin works great, as long as you get the right dose."
"Was on percocets and norcos almost 16 years went to pain management was given suboxone was off all opiates in a week very little withdrawal, 6 -7 week program ...."
"I&#039;ve been on the ring for almost two years, and I am ready to switch! It works great for the whole &quot;not getting pregnant&quot; thing, but my acne is the worst it&#039;s ever been, and my migraines are hell. They&#039;re predictable at least. I&#039;ve been getting them due to estrogen withdrawal, so they occur within days (recently only 1 day) after I take the ring out, and last 3 days, but they&#039;ve been getting worse and worse every single month. I can&#039;t do this anymore. Anything is better than waking up hourly to dry heave while in severe pain (my most recent, and worst episode to date). I do recommend it, but not for longer than a year."
"After 25 years of waiting to feel better on Levothyroxine I finally found someone to prescribe Armour last fall. For the first time in years I feel warm. We just had the worst winter in years and I didn&#039;t have to turn the thermostat up once. My bowels are more regular than before. I felt more energy right from the start. More doctors should use this medication. "
"I have been on antidepressants since getting out of the military in 2005. I&#039;ve tried every pill possible. I take Cymbalta for my Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and Wellbutrin for MDD and Anxiety, well I just started taking the Wellbutrin this is my 3rd week and I&#039;ve noticed that I feel more energetic and it&#039;s improved my mood. I feel that Wellbutrin has improved my mood more than my other medicines. The only bad thing about it is that if you take it late in the day it will make you restless that&#039;s why I take it in the mornings otherwise I would&#039;ve rated it a 10."
"I have struggled with public speaking my entire life.  This is truly a miracle medicine for me. I like the fact that I do not have to take it everyday...only for specific events which are typically scheduled in advance. I would still prefer no medication but have been very happy with the results from Inderal."
"I took this in my sophomore year in high school since I was suffering with severe acne all over my face, chest and back. Astonishingly, it cleared it all up within the second month. I felt great but got a call from my doctor saying that I should immediately get off this medication because my Liver Function Tests sky rocketed. It was very scary but my liver eventually recovered. A year later my acne came back, and came back hard. It was hard to go to school and I had bad cystic acne. I talked to my doctor and decided to go back on. I am now two months into the medication again and seem to be having a lot more side effects. I&#039;m still experiencing bad acne with redness but I know it will clear up sometime. As for the liver, every things fine so far."
"Clonidine is definitely a wonder for opiate withdrawal. I asked to be detoxed in hospital after over a year of pain management got the best of me...they aren&#039;t kidding when they say opiates are addictive. After 2 days of sleeping through cold turkey (for the most part) I was able to eat and act normal, with no physical cravings. They administered a combination of clonidine, Serax, Soma, Ativan and gabapentin, so I can&#039;t say which worked better initially. The clonidine seems to lessen the worst physical effects. It lowered my blood pressure a lot, so only 0.5mg dose was allowed at a time, maybe more would work better for someone else with higher pressure. Detox with a doctor&#039;s help, they&#039;ve got lots of options."
"I had previously been on the Depo Provera injections for almost 10 years before needing to switch due to more recent studies into related bone density loss.  My gynecologist and I decided Nexplanon was the best option.  I never had a period on Depo, ever since the Depo has been out of my system I have been spotting almost 24/7!!  It is super annoying, but it&#039;s not a huge nuisance since the spotting is so light and minimal.  Other than that one complaint, I love everything else about it.  The insertion was very smooth.  Other than the quick burn of the local anesthetic, I couldn&#039;t feel a thing.  There was no pain after either, the bandaging was just annoying.  After 2-3 days I forgot it was even there."
"This medicine is helping my neck spasms and bulging discs. I have rhuematoid arthritis and gouty arthritis and chronic pain and this really helps me also. Like they say give it a shot it will work."
"Works good."
"After his 5th heart attack My hubby has been on 80mg of these for nearly months and he suffers pain and is now waking up with yellow bruises on him the hospital say he can&#039;t come off them. They are the only new thing hes had so know they are the problems"
"I had my paragard for a little over a year and I&#039;m so glad I got it taken out!! I had a normally heavy period before but when I started the paragard it was absolutely awful! I&#039;ve never bleed that much in my whole life! Of course at first I thought it was because I had just had a baby... But 1 yr later it was still the same. Not to mention my sex drive was nonexistent.... Sex was painful and not appetizing at all! As soon as the paragard was out it was an instant relief! I felt 100% normal again! Needless to say I will never again have any form of an iud."
"I have been on the depo shot since I was around 12 and I am now almost 20, I love it! I switched because I always forgot to take my pill and I have a very heavy period with unbearable cramps. The only time I have a problem is if I forget to go in at the end of the 3 months because then my body usually gets off track and I start to have spotting. But besides that I usually don&#039;t have a period or any of the side effect"
"This is the ONLY birth control I&#039;ve ever had a negative reaction with and dear Lord it is BAD (3 others with zero issues). 

Sex drive just up and vanished almost immediately, nausea has been nonstop (but only actually vomited once...yay?), at times the headaches have been pounding close to where I thought it was a migraine, skin broke out, I have no energy and of course I&#039;m emotionally much more sensitive  than usual

Whatever you do, stay away from Aubra!"
"I am 19. My boyfriend and were having unprotected sex and he finished inside me. I was very upset considering the fact he swore to me he would pull out on time. He quickly went to the store and bought me the pill. I took the pill not more than an hour of the accident. I was late for my period and was sure I was pregnant because I was throwing up. But thankfully my period came and I know I&#039;m not pregnant! Trust me I know how stressful it is waiting for your period but it will come! Plan b does work and has not failed me the two times I have used it."
"I&#039;ve been on Roxicodone for about two years now and this is the ONLY short acting medication that has worked.  I have been through all the short acting or break through medicines and Roxicodone is by far the greatest.  I am on high doses due to having gastric bypass and not absorbing as a &#039;normal&#039; person would.  I need to have my tailbone removed as it&#039;s broken and swinging around back there.  Not to mention it&#039;s broken at a 90 degree angle or angulated.  INSANE pain. "
"Been on this medication for three months now. Having problems with having to urinate in the middle of the night. Also, can&#039;t sleep an entire night and the mood swings are unbelievable. Pain wise, it does a good job."
"I&#039;ve been on this about two months now. It&#039;s been a lifesaver. I&#039;m almost a normal person again. Some thoughts:

For me, the burning, stickiness, and occasional headaches went away after a while.

The bitter throat taste is still there. And in the interested of full disclosure, some days it seems to give me some sinusitis.

Another downside is that I can now stare at screens for way too long, so my arthritis in hands and wrists is coming back. (I can even play video games again.)

I had straightforward MGD/waxy oils. To the best of my knowledge I have no complicating factors like sjogrens, other immune issues, etc. I&#039;ve never had eye surgery. I also don&#039;t think I have the demodex problem some people do (none of the symtoms of that)."
"Taking this for two months and really fatigued - used to run marathons for last three years but now VERY tired. Thinking of going back to doctor and trying another blood pressure medication."
"I have had Nexplanon since January 9th and so its been a little over 2 months since I&#039;ve gotten it inserted. I was nervous about getting it inserted but the whole process is a breeze, so if you are considering it don&#039;t worry about that! For 2 months, I bled almost every day but it wasn&#039;t bad. As time went on, it was less and less. I&#039;ve read other reviews where they said they bleed everyday and was horrified about that happening to me, but it was hardly noticeable. Sex wise- I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and this is the only form of protection my boyfriend and I use. Also, I didn&#039;t get any acne but for the first month, I would get nauseous easily after doing cardio or even after having 1 alcoholic beverage. But that has gotten a lot better."
"As an adult living ADHD, I had no idea how it affected me. I was prescribed this by a psychiatrist, and almost immediately I was able to think more clearly, my memory felt better, I felt like I could concentrate on things. When someone spoke to me, I could actually listen and absorb what they were saying. Unfortunately I&#039;m not on it anymore. It&#039;s hard to concentrate some days."
"I tried several other medicines, but Lotrel seems to be very effective in lowering my blood pressure.  I have a had no side effects. I am 49 years old and Africian American.  On this medicine 10 months now."
"Been taking terbinafine for 5 of my 12 weeks.  Starting to see a little difference in toenails.  Athlete&#039;s foot is gone!  However, I have a sore throat.  I am a little more tired than usual.  The worst side effect is the complete loss of taste!  I hate it. I have lost a couple of pounds because of not eating as much.  I would advise that if you lose your sense of taste, to make sure to drink plenty of water and avoid any really dry food - they will just taste/feel like cardboard in your mouth."
"I&#039;ve been on 40mg for two years.. This drug saved my life it works wonderful for me.. I don&#039;t mind paying the high price to feel great.."
"Started this medicine one week ago. Had minimal change in fibromyalgia. I slept pretty well the first two nights but now starting to not sleep so well. Still need over the counter pain medicines and muscle relaxers. Had a very stiff neck and now my lower back hurts from the weight gain 15 lbs in one week. "
"I immediately noticed ( day 2)  small problems but by day 4 , I was feeling very depressed, my hip joint was hurting, had abdominal pain and I was crying so much. My blood pressure also elevated so I had to stop taking it."
"WORST BIRTH CONTROL. I was on it for a little over a year and just got off of it (thank goodness!!)
First 3 months of taking the pill I gained 18 pounds... And my diet and exercise did not change whatsoever. I developed these extremely painful vaginal infections while on this pill and my sex drive dropped significantly. Never suffered with acne, not even during my awkward teen years, but as soon as I started taking this medication I broke out EVERYWHERE... Face &amp; body. 
But worst of all, this pill made me absolutely PSYCHOTIC. I&#039;m generally a really happy person, but all of a sudden I became EXTREMELY testy, angry, and teary all the time. Even had quite a few gnarly panic attacks. I would never recommend this to anyone..."
"My legs have uncontrollably itched on and off for over 5 years and nothing would help until I start using AmLactin. I would recommend this to anyone I LOVE it."
"Imitrex works wellto rid me of my migraines a few hours after I have taken it, but the side effects for me are pretty bad. It makes me feel really weird and it seems like my whole body is achy and muscles are burning. Of course, the side effects that I get from this medicine is nothing compared to a full blown migraine hence why I&#039;ve been taking it all these years. I will be talking with my doctor at my next visit though about switching medicines because I&#039;m sick of feeling like crap after taking it."
"Allegra 24 hour helps my hay fever symptoms. But, this medication dries out my lung tissue to much and makes me cough.  I have been off Allegra for a week and I am still coughing and have LOTS of non infectious mucus coming out of my lungs.  My lungs hurt from coughing.  I am 62 year old female with mild asthma."
"I got the one day treatment thinking it would clear up my yeast infection faster. WORST DECISION EVER!!!! I don&#039;t remember ever having felt like this before!!!! (It has been years but I always used 3 day or 7 day). I put the medicine in before bed and went right to sleep. Now it&#039;s 4 am and I have been up the last few hours, burning and itching with such an intensity I was crying. I tried rinsing it out, showering, and now laying here with an ice pack stuffed. The pain is so intense. I am NEVER using this again!!!!!!"
"I went to the emergency room with the worst headache ever and after getting results from a MRI that showed nothing significant the nurse came to me with the cocktail of REGLAN and BENEDRYL!!! Right away I started with convulsions that I could not control. It was my worst experience ever. I&#039;m pretty sure that the reason they are giving REGLAN is to keep us migraine sufferers from ever going back to the emergency room. To me severe pain is an emergency but to the doctors and hospital staff we are a bother. Oh yes also a bother to the insurance companies. I wil never go back to the ER for head pain. I got the message!!!!"
"I only took this drug for 3 days before ending up in the psych unit from a psychotic episode. I had never had one before, mind you. My Dr. warned me, also, when he gave me the Rx, to watch for symptoms of such an episode. He did not go on to tell me specifically what those symptoms would be like and I had no idea what this could entail. He said the drug had/has been known to cause these episodes. Just telling me to watch for symptoms though...by the time I starting having the symptoms, I was too paranoid to be able to do anything about it or even realize what was happening since I had never had such an episode. It was the scariest thing I&#039;ve ever experienced in my life and I still have nightmares and anxiety about the things experienced in my head and thoughts during the time of the episode that lasted for 2 weeks, even while in the hospital. I would love to sue the pants off the makers and that doctor, who, by the way, when my mother called my doctor for help, he stated &quot;Since she won&#039;t talk to me, I am not her doctor anymore as of this moment.&quot; I wouldn&#039;t get on the phone because I was in the middle of a psychotic episode and thought everyone was trying to kill me. Great doctor, huh?! 
DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Started Qsymia in Sept. 2013 weighing 198 lbs, I&#039;m 52 yo, 5&#039;5&quot; female with 3 kids, have lost 45 lbs to date.  Only side effects were tingling in toes occasionally, but not any more.  I&#039;m very active around the house and yard but do not exercise, keeping daily calorie count below 1200 with healthy foods and plenty of fluids.  This was my last attempt at losing weight - AND IT WORKED!!  And it does NOT make me crazy and wound up like other meds did in the past.  Have been spreading the word to friends and family since first seeing the results!!!!!"
"I have had my Mirena for around 2 years. I got it about 6 months after having my son. The insertion was pretty painful since I had a C-section with my son and he&#039;s my only child so I never dilated, never had a contraction, etc. The cramps lasted about a week and I bleed for around 4-5 weeks then it stopped BUT around a 3 months later I started bleeding again and I bleed all the time. "
"I have been taking Levoxyl for 3 months and my blood tests have gone down from 110 to 65  it&#039;s still not normal still under active thyroid. Half my hair has fallen out in the 3 month period. My stomach hurts and the Dr said no Pepcid or antacids for 4 hours after taking the medication. My joints and muscles hurt all of the time and I have insomnia. I think I may be adapting to the meds as I no longer have to spend half the day in the bathroom. Diarrhea has lessened but stomach cramps persist. I was just told I need to increase the Levoxyl to 075 mg. I&#039;m terrified I may end up bald with an ulcer"
"A low-hormone IUD was recommended to me by my doctor because of my family history with breast cancer. I&#039;ve recommended IUD&#039;s to my friends and 3 of them have gone through with the procedure and are pleased with the simplicity of IUD&#039;s. There is a reason this method of birth control is one of the most effective! The first month or two I had variable mood swings around the time of my period but I stuck it out and my hormones have since stabilized. No longer do I have to remember taking a pill or replacing a ring. My doctor said I can expect my period to &quot;normalize&quot; around the 8th month. I am now in my 10th month and my period is spotty with maybe one day that requires using tampons."
"I can honestly say I&#039;ve only been using Epiduo for a week and my skin is CLEAR! All my friends have been coming up to me asking how did my skin get so clear. I know some people said that their skin is peeling but mine is only burning a little. Whoever made this product deserves a Thumbs Up."
"Removed pharanghaitis but induced very heavy cough."
"I have been on Sprintec for about 3 packs which is about 3 months and so far I have had awesome results, speaking for a female who is 21 and has only had probably about 4 periods in between ages 13-20. I was a little overweight and horrible skin. Since the third month I haven&#039;t had any side effects other than nausea. I don&#039;t eat as much, my sex drive has increased for someone who isn&#039;t active. My acne is slowly disappearing. I have lost weight and you can see the difference as well. So far so good. "
"I used to have recurrent UTIs (up to 10 a year), and usually I took ciprofloxacin, which almost always gave me yeast infections and an upset stomach. This medication takes longer to cure the UTI, but it hasn&#039;t given me side effects. 
Beware of what everyone says about lung failure though :/ I&#039;m taking a 100mg pill after sex nowadays, when I have more experience with it will share with you"
"38 years old. Using for 5 years. Virtually no acne. No weight gain. No pregnancies. Can&#039;t imagine using another pill.  Perfect for me."
"1200mg xr per day worked and stopped my mental process enough to pave the road to recovery. 
I developed arthritis in both hands and the most savage ADDICTION ever known to man i was now facing.

 I have now stopped compleatly and all the words and reviews can never prepare you for such an experience. I took the cold turky approach and 3 months of violent withdrawls i have stayed clear. 

I WOULD RECOMMEND OTHER TREATMENTS BEFORE THIS AS A LAST RESORT.

It saved my life but at what cost. I still have mental health issues amd arthritis  but i quickly get on with my day when i realise i could be back taking them."
"After being on 80 mg of OxyContin 3 times a day I wasn&#039;t getting the pain relief. I went thru breakthroughs and my insurance would only cover generic oxy. Saw a new pain doc and the nurse practitioner switched me to Opana, only 30 mg twice a day. My breakthrough meds stay locked up unless I&#039;m doing something special. I always take Opana with food (instructions say take on an empty stomach) as I found taking taking it with food makes it last longer. Due to insurance I had to switch tot 15 mg, 2 tabs, twice a day. I found this give me some flexibility. If I&#039;m having a tough day I may take one around 5 pm and then only one at bedtime. Medicare sucks though. I hit the gap about 6 months ago and found out I have to pay 4,800+ til it&#039;s done."
"Female, age 40 with Ankylosing Spondylitis on Humira 2 x monthly for 2.5 years.  I am so thankful for this medicine! I was crippled by this disease during inflammation for several years and Humira eliminated it.  The only drawbacks are that I am still chronically fatigued, am prone to infections, and fear the unknown long-term effects of Humira."
"This medication was possibly the worst experience of my life. In the matter of a week, i managed to have my boss lose all hope in me, i ruined my 3 year relationship and for the first time in my life, i was so depressed i had thoughts of death ( not to mention I was kind of moody all day). Not to mention it actually made my memory and focus worse! Thank God i had a couple adderall left to make it until my next (emergency) appointment!

Thanks Vyvanse! You really changed my life!

I have a psyc appointment tomorrow morning, i am going back to adderall! Vyvanse didnt last a full week for me, maybe it&#039;s different for other people.

"
"I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 2005 and tried a variety of things, none of which worked, and actually some of them had bad side effects (Seroquel, for example).  I tried Lamictal as a last-ditch effort, but was apprehensive due to the Stevens-Johnson syndrome issue but that didn&#039;t happen to me.  I&#039;m now on 350mg of the drug since then and although I can say it has treated my depression, it has not worked all that well for controlling bipolar symptoms, mainly the buying sprees and bad on the spot decision making (thinking nothing can harm me).  I have been seeing commercials on tv for Latuda and so I might ask my doctor about that.  Also there are some other side effects of the Lamictal that aren&#039;t pleasant ..."
"This was a game changing medication for me. I was diagnosed schizoaffective, later changed to bipolar 1. I was a zombie from the medication combination I used to be on, zyprexa and depakote. Changing the zyprexa to rexulti gave me my life back. At first, it gave me side effects of dizziness and anxiety, but after stopping and trying again, its given me energy, concentration, and the mood swings and psychosis stopped. I&#039;m very happy with this medication. I just upped the dosage from 2mg to 3mg after being on it for a year and a half."
"My daughter had lice for over 3 months because of ineffective medications like RID and Nix. I must&#039;ve spent hundreds of dollars on treatments. Finally, I took her to the doctor and he prescribed malathion (Ovide). Malathion kicked butt!  After one treatment she was completely clear of lice. They just fell off dead. The smell was horrid but totally worth it!"
"I started taking Belviq March 28, 2016. It has been just about a week now. I would suggest that you go with the 15-day free trial before you consider purchasing this product. It hasn&#039;t worked for me at all, in fact I almost feel like I&#039;m taking a placebo. I haven&#039;t noticed any change in my appetite other than being just as hungry or hungrier. I&#039;m not really sure how it&#039;s supposed to work, I just know that isn&#039;t working. I purchased the 30-day supply so I&#039;m going to keep taking it until I finished all of the medication, but I doubt very seriously that I&#039;ll be reordering. Maybe by some miracle something will happen after 2 or 3 weeks. I&#039;m very disappointed because I really want to lose weight and I don&#039;t want to have surgery."
"I only took this medicine for 1 dose (25 mg) because it made my eyes fire red. So red that people were like what&#039;s wrong with your eyes! It took about 24 hours for it to go away. I had a pharmacist tell me not to take it then the doctor tell me to use Visine so I just didn&#039;t take anymore after reading the black box warnings. I didn&#039;t feel hungry like I usually do but I did feel pretty foggy."
"Ever since I started to use Yaz, I have gotten night sweats that are horrible. I wake up drenched and I have a loss of sex drive and I&#039;m only 18 so that&#039;s not good."
"I&#039;ve just started the starter pack of Rexulti I am on day 3. It is replacing Ability in my meds.  I feel a lift in the depression, however I am experiencing some agitation and anxiety.  I&#039;m hoping this improves.  It is affecting  my dreaming...they aren&#039;t nightmares, just very vivid and strange.  I am hopeful for this medicine if we can just get the agitation to cease."
"i am a two pack a day plus smoker pretty much when get up in the morning or sit idle I chain smoke.  I started Chantix 10 days ago after one day of taking this wonderful medication I drop to 1 pack a day some nausea and some goofy dreams. after 1 week I was down to half a pack a day today on day 10i have not smoked one cigarette. 1. you have to want to quit 2. Chantix will not do it all for you you have to make some effort. 3. changing your daily habits is a great idea. throughout the day especially morning first waking up is my hardest time but as of today I didn&#039;t give in I got rid of all my cigarettes tobacco tubes and machine I plan on stay smoke free from here on out. if you want to quit should you get on this product? I say YES DO IT"
"I have been on various opioid pills for five years and fentanyl patches for two years. I was generally able to cope with the OIC symptoms from just the pills with 1500 mg of magnesium and an occasional Linzess, but when I started the fentanyl patches, I was fairly sure I was dying. The Linzess didn&#039;t even touch this constiption.
Movantik returned me to my pre-fentanyl condition of only mild constipation. For anyone with severe OIC, mild constipation is heavenly. I have had none of the reported stomach pain, withdrawal sympoms, etc. I take it at least an hour before or two hours after eating. I do still need to take an occasional Linzess. When I ran out for two days, the OIC came back immediately."
"I don&#039;t understand people staying on this medicine for years. 2 weeks should be enough, It gets you through the withdrawals without causing another addiction. If your really ready to stop using an 1/8 of the strip or pill will be enough, 3 of those should get you off the hard stuff. If your not at a high dose in your addiction, if you swallow your medicine and don&#039;t use needles, you can use less, it will make you sick if you are not careful. This is a great way to end your addiction, but be wise, don&#039;t start another one."
"I took Prozac for about five months 1989-90.  I felt buoyant for the first six weeks, then less so.  After three months or so, my mood was down and my fingers were stiff and painful upon waking.  After four months, both hands and feet were in pain and did not function for an hour after waking.  The condition persisted, in an ever-diminishing form, for five years after discontinuation of the medicine.  I am told that my reaction was rare; nevertheless, it happened to me."
"I went into labor at 24 weeks with my first child and she was born at 27 weeks. I started taking Makena when I was 16 weeks pregnant with my second child. My last injection was at 36 weeks and I thought for sure he would be born soon after because of my history. He was 3 days overdue, and probably would have stayed put a few days longer if my doctor hadn&#039;t broke my water. I&#039;m currently taking Makena again for my third child and am 31 weeks. Braxton Hicks seem intense this time around, but I&#039;m still confident I&#039;ve got some time left... and we&#039;ve already made it a month longer than my first :)"
"Been using 4% lidocaine (along with gabapentin, which has yet to do anything after a week) and ibuprofen for my postherpetic neuralgia.  Asked Dr for prescription strength lidocaine cream and he recommended OTC Capsaicin.  He recommened zostric, but the Capszin-HP was on sale (.01%) so I got that.  Applied first time. Felt like my skin was on FIRE!!!  MUCH worse than the neuralgia pain. And it lasted almost an hour, leaving me in worse pain than before I applied.  Will never use this again."
"By Week 5 on 40 mg, I went through the typical nausea, it all went away nicely after week 3 or so. Then came the arm jerks. Only happened a couple of times, enough to wake me up, doc said to keep on the Viibryd. Next day had a headache, no big deal though, and a couple of days went by after that without problems. Then, the titanic crashed. I&#039;d be lying down ready to go to sleep and my head would zap like a cattle prod was put to my forehead. Imagine being zapped every time you try to go to sleep? I could not get off this fast enough. "
"Good inflammation clear up rate on each use. Eventually kept on and weaned off dropping 1 per week over several weeks. Definite facial/body hair and fluid retention/roundness of face."
"My pac&#039;s started up about 10 years ago and 18 months ago I developed Atrial-flutter and Atrial-fibrillation. I had an ablation for flutter but still had A-fibrilation. This medicine scared the heck out of me after reading about it online. I decided to trust my EP and give it a shot. It&#039;s been 3 months since I started and no A-fibrillation. My Pac&#039;s have nearly gone away as well. I used to get 500  skips in a day but now I only feel one or two total during the course of a week. I feel great and hope it keeps working. After I started taking Flecainide, I did have about 10-14 days of mild side effects (tired, headache, indigestion-bloating) but feel completely normal now. I have much more energy and psychologically I am very upbeat. My heard beats normally now, it&#039;s awesome!"
"I had sex with my boyfriend 3/28 and he didnt pull out and i freaked out and took a plan b within 5hrs of the accident. Taking the pill I was dizzy and tender breasts cramps. The 2nd day my urine was clear and white drops afterward. The 3rd day I started spotting a little. I was happy to see progress but still was paranoid..The next morning I had the urge to go to the bathroom i went and when I wiped it was blood no spots I looked in the toilet and it was a lot of blood. So YESS I got my period today. (5 Days After Plan B) So excited. IF YOU ARE OVERWEIGHT DONT STRESS BECAUSE IT WORKED FOR ME &amp; IM 254LBS. Take It Before 24 Hours. Hope this helps"
"I am 39 and I used to have crazy acne that kept getting worse and used to get period for 15 days a month! Yes, 5-6 days of regular flow with a few days of spotting before and few days after. Also terrible stomach cramps, bloating and pain in breast before having the periods. After starting on this pill, my acne went away and my periods are spot on every 28 days and last for 3 days. And no more PMS! I would recommend it. Try it before getting discouraged by negative reviews. This pill has been good for me."
"Mild stinging definitely occurs, I felt like I had a sunburn the first few weeks of using this.  Also, my face was super dry as a result of this medicine.  On the bright side though, I did see improvement within 2 weeks and that&#039;s what counts.  So just get a thick moisturizer to reduce the stinging and the dryness and apply about 10 minutes after letting the Benzaclin soak in, then you&#039;ll be all set."
"Started Saxenda 1 week ago at 0.6. Today was my first increase to 1.2. Down 11 pounds so far. Side effects for first 2 days on 0.6 and again on 1st day of 1.2 are zero appetite and nausea, but after a couple days they go away. Stating weight of 297 hoping to get to 200. I have not exercised in last week."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for about six months now and my life has drastically changed.  I feel so much better and I&#039;m not in pain nearly as much as I was.  I feel like I have a new lease on life."
"It made me a zombie that I couldn&#039;t even get out of the bed.  I know that different medicines work for different people so I&#039;m sure this is a very good medicine, it just wasn&#039;t for me."
"Amrix is the only muscle relaxer that works for me, and I tried a lot. I also take Topamax and get Botox injections for my migraines. I&#039;m on a low dose antidepressant also. This treatment seems to work for me. I went from 20 migraines a month down to about 5."
"So I have had my fair share of yeast infections I&#039;m just prone to them and I always used Monistat 7 or 3 day treatment. I have never ever ever experienced what anyone else has on here, I have never had any kinda of painful burning itching reaction the the cream or the little egg of medicine after inserting it. Usually by the morning after the first application I already feel better. I have taken the pill too with same results I feel pretty much next day results. I def don&#039;t think that the pain is &quot;what&#039;s letting you know the medicine is working&quot; and I would advise anyone experiencing that to call there doctor and ask if you should proceed with using that medicine or get a new/ different one. Should be NO pain it should relieve all symptoms!!"
"I have chronic sinus infections that are not unbearable...mostly annoying. I was prescribed to Avelox recently and am halfway done with my dose. I have had some seriously horrible reactions to this drug. Granted, it is obviously helping with my sinus infection but the dizziness, nausea, light headedness, dehydration, and overall sick feeling is worse than the sinus infection itself. I am glad that I will no longer have an infection in my body but isn&#039;t there another way? This is awful!"
"Well I am 35, 120pds 5&#039;2&#039; and African american.  I am in fair health but was diagnosed with BV about 2 weeks ago.  I get this medicine called Metronidazole which is what got me here because I didn&#039;t get any type of background or side affects . Anyhow, it&#039;s for 2 pills (at 250mg each) to be taken 2 times daily for 10 days.  I do agree that the taste is bitter, but try my best to counter act the nasty taste by eating things and swallowing pills with it -food like jello or chewed up food on its way down the pipe- barely taste anything that way. Day 5 now and my stomach is up and down, pee looks like sweet tea, and I&#039;m super bloated; smells gone thou. 5 days to go!!"
"Hi, I am 21. This is my first BC so I really have nothing to compare with. Readin all the reviews- that the only comparison I can make. I love it. No cramps, light to none preriod. 3 days max... Mood swing is only 1day before the period but I think I even ghad those before BC lol That&#039;s it :)"
"I have had to do bowel prep twice in my life for colonoscopys. In the hospital they use a different mixture or concoction of stuff, that tastes better and you have a longer space of time to get all your liquid in. Anyway I am a small 20 something, the amount of liquid you have to drink wasn&#039;t what bothered me, although I did come close to vomiting on round two from getting to full of liquid. It has to be the taste of this darn stuff that gets me! I hate it! So the quicker you down it the better, then get yourself some good tasting fresh water. I have had worse experiences in life anyway so this isn&#039;t that bad. Although I would suggest getting very large bed time maxi pads, just in case... I leaked a little and the pads saved my sheets."
"Simply put Lamictal saved my life and NO side effects either."
"I&#039;ve been on Implanon for two months now and simply love it. The insertion was easy; just a slight pinch. I haven&#039;t had any complications or extreme irregular bleeding. I did spot for a few days about a month into use and even then, it was very light. Other than that, I haven&#039;t had any of the listed symptoms. It&#039;s really reassuring to have such a reliable birth control. I never have to remember to take a pill, and I can always check to make sure it&#039;s in place.(3 Years)."
"I&#039;m in my second week and since I have upped the dosage I have noticed constipation and for the last day moderate abdominal pain and diarrhea. I definitely don&#039;t eat near as much as what I used to And I am very happy about that. I did have headaches the first week nothing that Motrin couldn&#039;t take care of. I am 5&#039;5&quot; I weighed in at 230 pounds and I have lost 5 pounds as of the first week not sure today.  I am very concerned about the possible side effect of cancer in the thyroid since I do have Hashimoto&#039;s disease. But I was considering the gastric sleeve surgery before this medication and really want to give it a shot because I don&#039;t want a large portion of my stomach taken out. I&#039;ll check in and update you all."
"Taking Nuvigil 200 mg for daytime sleepiness due to Multiple Sclerosis."
"I took phentermine for about a month. I lost about 10 pounds.  I had to stop taking this medication. It made me overly anxious, emotional, and I became irritated very quickly. I also experienced hair loss.I did not feel like myself at all.  I feel so much better after I stopped taking this medication. The side effects are not worth it."
"I began smoking at the tender age of 16. As I got older I smoked about 5 cigarettes per day.  I had a routine and smoking was a good part of that routine.  It also was my go to when I felt stressed, when I felt upset or if I was in a social setting.  I stopped each time I was pregnant but went back after having the baby.  I knew I needed to stop but I didn&#039;t want to.  I liked it. It was when I started to think about my kids being without me that I decided that I needed to be here and healthy for them.  I tried to quit 4-5 times before each time not following through, this time I was determined. Chantix helped me quit, its awesome."
"Was taking two 37 mg per day but made me nauseous so kept missing the second dose &amp; wasn&#039;t working .  Now taking 75mg slow release per day. Was completely spaced out for a few days..zoning out!  but after 10 days I feel great. Loads of energy. Depression easing off. Impressed but hope it lasts . Side effects were dry mouth but this has now gone. Sex drive has also plummeted but I do have a baby so could be down to that. In any case I&#039;d rather have my old self back than a sex drive so not too bothered.  Have tried prozac and citaloplam in the past until they stopped working. I&#039;d say this is just as good if not better. Fingers crossed x"
"I had a stroke in January 2016, the doctors&#039; theory is that it was the hormones I was using for birth control.  They had me take out my Nuvaring immediately. I needed a non-hormonal birth control and my gyn said the Paragard was the best thing for 10 years.  He inserted it the day I met with him, so I had no pain killers, I swore a blue streak when they put it in.  Spotted for a week afterwards, but i&#039;m on massive doses of blood thinnners to prevent another stroke.  So i&#039;m on my second period since insertion, and I&#039;m bleeding like i got shot between the legs, again, the blood thinners make it worse. i&#039;m trying to be patient and hope it gets better after the meds are stopped.  Can&#039;t beat 10 years and no hormones."
"I am glucose intolerant, so had gained 20kg and couldn&#039;t lose weight no matter how hard I tried.  Doctors suggested surgery, but I refused to even consider that path and so my GP suggested Saxenda.  I have almost finished the trial pack.  I inject in the evening and in the first week lost 3cm &amp; after 2 weeks had lost 1.8kg and another 200g in week 3. There is morning nausea, but I basically just feel like I&#039;ve eaten a full meal, all the time.  I am eating about a third of my usual diet and am consistently 2000kj under my target.  Have just commenced 2.4g dose and am hoping for improvement in weigh loss.  So far am a little disappointed."
"I&#039;ve been on Tamoxifen for a year now.  A few joint aches but all in all not too many problems.  When I started the medicine I was a Pescitarian( only at fish or seafood)  I have maybe two hot flashes at night.  I take my pill at 5pm daily.  I too was told I need to be on it for 10 years.  Considering the alternative, I don&#039;t have too many bad things to say about it.  Glad to be cancer free!!  Hope this keeps me that way.  Turning 50 in three days!!"
"I&#039;m a 22 year old female with ankylosing spondylitis. I was desperate to find something to relieve my pain especially in my sacroiliac joint. I was no longer able to participate in regular sporting games, exercise, or even carry out daily activities on some days. After starting Humira, I was able to return to all of these activities free of pain. My ONLY concern are the long term side effects."
"Works great....You don&#039;t have time to notice the depression when dealing with the tinnitus, heart palpitations, desert mouth, upset stomach, brain zaps, etc etc..."
"I&#039;m 13 years old and have had tachycardia all of my life. Four years ago, I was given metoprolol and it changed my entire life. Before it always felt like my heart was trying to leap out of my chest, or hammering through my rib cage, or my heart was hammering away so hard I could feel it in my throat but metoprolol changed that. It has given me a  new freedom. I would recommend it to anyone with my problem."
"Thought this would be a perfect treatment for newly diagnosed but relatively minor hand PsA for past 13yrs. Did experience some weight loss that I attribute that to frequent and loose bm&#039;s. There was a detectable mood change but again tolerable. My worst problem was muscle spasms that started in one hip migrated to lower back and then to the other hip to the point of not sleeping. I stopped and ramped up slower which seemed to help but starting coming back. Never had any previous problem with side effects of any meds before. I have what should be good benefits working for a world class employer but plan but they would not cough up without trying the immune suppressive stuff first. Currently on sulfasalizine which seems to help enough"
"After moving into an old apartment in Florida, I developed a severe skin rash which I attribute to mold in the walls. The rash was from my neck to my ankles. Itched/burned beyond belief. Went to Urgent Care and received an injection of this miracle drug which is the only thing that provided relief.
I had no side effects at all. Just gratitude to be taken out of my misery if only temporarily."
"Okay, so I&#039;m 19 and this is my first YI EVER!!!! This medication is HELL! I&#039;m burning and itching like crazy to where I wish I didn&#039;t have a vagina! I inserted the monistat at about 9:30p, it is now 11:50p and I am dying and crying. Hopefully when I get up in the morning (if I ever get to sleep) then this will do the job! Because this is seriously pain."
"Ciprodex was prescribed by my ENT doctor in Portland Oregon in January 2008. Immediately after using this drug I developed serious vertigo issues that resulted in a fall. I also got tinnitus, ringing in the ears which is especially annoying. "
"On 4th month of this new pill.  I was told to stop beyaz immediately because of my optical migraines.  I now have no periods which I wasn&#039;t having much anyway, but side effects are horrible!!!!  Waiting for doc to call me now.  Hands swell and joints hurt, optical migraine twice already on it, regular headaches now all the time, body aches in arms and ankles, emergency room for severe neck spasms after not being in ER for 20 years.  Not sure all this is from pill, but I am healthy and don&#039;t get colds or anything and all this started when switched to this pill.  OH and this pill can cause ovarian cysts.  UNHAPPY"
"I wanted to write this review because I read many negative reviews and do not want people to think birth control is a horrible thing. Everyone&#039;s body is different so the reactions to the pill will be different- it is not a one size fits all type of deal. Additionally, it is best to stay on birth control for at least 3 months before switching over. Some people only stay on it for a month or two before switching because they are not happy with the side effects but do not realize they disappear over time. I&#039;ve only been on the pill for over a month but overall I am very satisfied with the results. I did experience back pain, breakouts, breast tenderness, and headaches but it went away.  My period is shorter and cramps are way less painful."
"I LOVE my Paragard. It&#039;s the only form of birth control I&#039;ve ever tried, and the only one I would ever consider. Make sure you have a Dr that is familiar with inserting this particular type of IUD. The first OBGYN clearly didn&#039;t have a clue what she was doing.  It was the most painful experience of my life and I ended up having to get it taken out a month later. The second Dr took five minutes to get it in, and I felt no discomfort whatsoever. Yes,  for the first six months my period was a lot heaver and unpredictible, but it&#039;s gone back to normal. No hormones for 10 years.... why not?? again... NO HORMONES."
"At the age of 60 I can now drive without looking for a toilet every half an hour. Some side a effects but what the hell got my life back wish I had known about Flomax years ago."
"I had a very negative experience with this drug.  I had been on Effexor XR for years. My Doctor suggested switching to Pristiq which was supposed to be the replacement for Effexor when the patent ran out. I immediately had horrible migraines, agitation, uncontrollable feelings of anger. I called the doctor&#039;s office on the third day and was immediately taken off the drug. They said I was not the first person with those symptoms.  "
"Very effective for treating Urticaria, almost completely eliminated my hives. Had to come off because doxepin caused major depression. Within three days of stopping Doxepin, my depression subsided."
"When I took Lyrica, I gained 40 lbs myself and my eyes were blurry. Once I got off of the medicine it has been still hard to lose the weight. It did work for my leg pain but the side effects were to much!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Paxil for 8 days and have been experiencing horrific nightmares gettin worse each night.  I&#039;m done with this script for sure"
"I was worried about starting birth control. I wanted something with little to no side effects and something that wouldn&#039;t be a big risk to the bits of cervical cancer I have. So I talked to my doctor and he put me on Lo Loestrin Fe and I love it. It&#039;s amazing. I have very little side effects, like when on the blue pills in the pack, I have a little bit of acne but when my period comes at the end of the pack the acne goes away. I also have a little bit of bloating in the belly but no big weight gain and sometimes I get a bad headache an hour after taking it. I also have trouble sleeping and sometimes my arm goes numb but I don&#039;t have bad side effects. These are nothing, I love this pill. I have no random spotting or bleeding and it does not make me sick."
"It&#039;s the best medicine for hives. I took 1 and it&#039;s all gone."
"So I had two totally different experiences on this pill. The first month of taking it, I got a horrible yeast infection that would not go away then a bacterial one. After another month I was finally able to get rid of it, even though I don&#039;t think it&#039;s 100% related but some odd coincidence just happened to start as soon as I started lolo.
The second time I restarted the pill I had extreme mood swings. And I mean EXTREME. I was crying nearly everyday. I didn&#039;t want to eat, get out of bed, or even talk to anyone. I felt distant from everyone and everything and it was all around awful. I&#039;m currently only two days off of it, and I feel drastically different. Almost back to who I was before. 
For me, it&#039;s not the best option."
"I have my 5th sinus infection of the year (2017,) which caused my ear drum to rupture. My doc prescribed me a 500 mg dose, twice a day. Antibiotics in general upset my stomach and should be taken with food, so I made sure to take with a large meal. The one time I didn&#039;t was in a rush to get on the road for a trip, and I was nauseous the entire ride, but tums helped A LOT. The infection has cleared up quickly and my ear is draining a lot less fluid out. This has been able to do what four other antibiotics haven&#039;t. Take with a full meal, and you will be feeling much better soon!"
"This was the absolute best muscle relaxer my doctor has ever
given to me. I have a bulging disc in my back and it is in the middle of my back and sometimes I have excruciating pain associated with this and Soma really is the best I have found."
"I wish I had read the reviews before taking this product!  Forty five minutes after taking Delsym I had lots of belly gurgling then painful cramps and then immediate violent diarrhea! I got so dizzy &amp; lightheaded while sitting on the toilet I almost passed out. I will never take this product again &amp; will advise all friends &amp; family to avoid it as well.  As far as suppressing my cough, I was too afraid to cough for some time after the diarrhea started!!"
"On Day 6 of the 14 day treatment. The side effects I&#039;ve experienced haven&#039;t been too bad: the bad taste in your mouth (usually at night and first thing in the morning), hard time staying asleep (insomnia), yellow stools, and some left side aches which I think may have to do with constipation. I&#039;m sure I would be worse if I didn&#039;t take a probiotic with every dose of these meds."
"I have been on Zoloft for 3 years now and it has worked beautifully for me. I still get panic attacks when close to alot of people but not nearly as bad as before."
"I tend to be sensitive to a lot of medicines- not in an allergic reaction type way, but I experience adverse side effects almost every time. 

I went into the ER with an ocular migraine with aura. They gave me a reglan/benadryl combo. It got rid of the migraine, but it made me feel EXTREMELY high!! I might have dealt with it better if the RN had warned me first. Within 15-20 seconds of infusion, my mouth got cold and I felt incredibly high/drunk.

Paranoia, restlessness, etc set in. I kept sitting up, lying down, sitting up, lying down. I even told the person in the room with me that I was about to rip my IV out so we could leave. 

Like I said, I wish the RN would&#039;ve warned me first about these side effects so I would&#039;ve been prepared."
"This birth control failed and I am due in May. Do NOT take this birth control as it leads to childbirth and mood swings. I hope this helps."
"This medicine has completely changed my life. I had been on Wellbutrin for 4 years yet still had the obsessive, racing thoughts that were so disabling I could barely be present for any given moment. Now I&#039;m taking 50 mg Fluvoxamine in the morning and 50 mg early afternoon with 150 mg Wellbutrin in morning. For the first time ever, I am experiencing what I think life is supposed to be, and what life feels like for a healthy person. The side effects were extremely difficult the first month (bouts of lethargy, insomnia, incessant sugar and carb cravings, sexual side effects) but my body has adapted very well and the side effects are dissipating finally. My suggestion is to give this medicine at least 10 weeks and regular intense exercise to boost serotonin naturally."
"I started champix for 8 days, nil nausea however I became very depressed, irritable, repetitive negative thoughts, sedation and unable to focus so I&#039;m sorry but I won&#039;t be trying it again..
Will  Power will have to be my weapon."
"I started taking the 2mg patch for severe Restless Leg Syndrome, so bad I was having to take Sinemet all day and night for relief. I was miserable with rebound effects and waiting for the Sinemet to kick in. Now that I&#039;ve been taking Neupro, it has been life altering. I can sit for hours and not be miserable and sleep very well at night. Finally, a medicine that does wonders for me. YAY!"
"Abreva used to work for me very well, but it no longer does. I used to put it on and it would shorten healing time significantly, and if I caught it early enough would go away before blistering. The last couple of times I caught one right away and put it on at the first tiny tingle. It still spread to a huge multi-blister sore and took 2 weeks to heal. Either my body has grown resistant to the active ingredient in Abreva that used to work, or they have changed their formula. Very disappointed."
"It is a good antibiotic, in especially sinusitis. I used it in for 10 days, it was so good for me."
"Doctor said to try this for heartburn its 1 pill per 24 hours... was quick to get rid of pain and acid taste wore off after 4 hours."
"I started Contrave in early February, at first I did not lose any weight but I could feel myself getting fuller faster especially as the dosage increased. For the month I have been on the full dosage I have lost 20 pounds. Sometimes I do not have a desire to eat, often this is due to nausea. I have felt more energized and motivated to work out. The only side effects I continue to have are a dry mouth and trouble sleeping. Both problems are well worth it to me."
"for me I&#039;d say betablockers work well for performance/social anxiety.Reading the comments on this page sound so familiar to me.They will not stop you from being nervous but will bring you to a level where the physical aspects of your fear won&#039;t manifest ie pounding heart and trembling voice so once you start and realise this usually things will go better. I have found though that certain brands are better than others. I order mine online but yes they have been a lifesaver in certain situations such as introductions in meetings or big interviews etc. Normally for me around 30mg works well about 45 minutes to 1 and half hours before."
"I used Lyrica for six months and gained ten pounds a month. I have been off of the Lyrica since April and have only lost 15 pounds.  Recently started 100 mg of Topamax at bedtime and this is the answer! It actually will encourage the body to shed weight and have lost six pounds. Pain has gone from an intolerable 7 or 8 on the pain scale to about a 3.  This is what I have been praying for."
"I have been taking Propranolol for 2 months now doctors been slowly increasing the milligrams it&#039;s not really helping.  My migraines are once a day, maybe skipping 3 to 4 days. I need to try something else anybody have any advice so I was thinking Topamax? please help thanks. A weird thing is I had migraines in college they went away years ago when I moved to Upstate New York Finger Lake Region and now they&#039;re back. I think the weather triggers them don&#039;t really know what to do about that though. Need advice please my neurologist is not really helping me. I might need to find a new one"
"It has been a breathe of fresh air!!!!!! No yelling or other offensive moves and I can be at peace for 1 time I&#039;ve taken 2 tablet&#039;s 3 time&#039;s a day "
"I live in the UK &amp; started smoking when I was 15. When I had my daughter in 1986 I found it easy being pregnant to quit smoking. I went on to have 3 sons. Whilst pregnant I didn&#039;t smoke &amp; having young children around, I didn&#039;t smoke much. By the year 2000 I was smoking a pack a day. I successfully quit with patches but stupidly started again. I tried patches again but had an allergic reaction &amp; the doctor made me stop taking them &amp; gave me the inhaler instead. My experience of that is I&#039;d leave it too late to use &amp; I began smoking again. A friend told me about Champix (UK name) but I read reviews &amp; was scared to use it. But last month I started it. I&#039;m now on day 16, age 53, quit on day 12. I truly think it&#039;s a wonder pill. "
"I have been taking Provigil 200mg x 2 for 3 yrs. I don&#039;t doze off while driving like I used to which is wonderful. I do still get very sleepy in the afternoon and I have a lot of fatigue. The major downfall to Provigil is the cost. I lost my job due to a lay off and no longer have insurance. My prescription without insurance is over $800 per month. Needless to say I will no longer be able to take it once I use all of what I have. Not looking forward to that at all. My doctor also prescribed Ritalin to take in the afternoons but it just makes me jittery for about 15 minutes and that&#039;s pretty much all it does for me."
"I have been on and off Victoza for a few years now.  I had the really bad gastrointestinal side effects the first time I started it and milder side effects each time I stop and restart.  I never get much above 1.2 before I start getting life-changing insomnia.  I am not positive it&#039;s due to the Victoza, but it goes away when I stop it and starts when I restart.  Very frustrating.  However, my blood sugar rarely goes above 100 anymore and I am down about 30 pounds from when I started taking it.  It&#039;s really minimal weight loss over two years but the effect it has on my Type 2 Diabetes is astounding.  Now I&#039;m just struggling to find the right dose so I can get some sleep.  Any advice would be appreciated."
"I got my Nexplanon 11/21/14 and my nonstop bleeding started January and haven&#039;t stopped since. First it was heavy for one week then light then heavy for two week now its just spotting and I think its about to go off but I can never be sure...just ready for it to go off because I&#039;m tired of buying pads."
"I have taken Xanax for many years at a safe daily dose. I started in 2004 with 0.25 mg three times daily,  having severe anxiety attacks while my dad was losing his battle with cancer.  As the years progressed and I realized I have a big social anxiety issue, I stayed on Xanax. I couldn&#039;t function socially without it. Last year I was diagnosed with menieres disease which causes daily vertigo spells and constant roaring in my ear. My doctor increased my Xanax to .5 mg three times daily, as it helps with these symptoms.  Not long ago I was diagnosed with clinical depression.   I was put on Celexa but am hating the side effects. I took myself off Zoloft twice in the past because of the side effects.  Xanax has truly been a life saver for me"
"I almost died from this drug, my physician did not believe me because I am a woman. I took myself off of it and got well but it has cause some permanent damage to my vision and I am left with a persistent tremor in my right hand."
"Took for bipolar. Good side effects: more or less consistently put me to sleep every night. Bad side effects: gained roughly 20 lbs 6 months in, had a difficult time getting up every day, needed more sleep than usual.

It helped for awhile, but it mostly made my episodes less severe, did not effectively stop or prevent them."
"I had rotator cuff surgery last year and my surgeon had me take Vicoprofen for the pain.  It worked great for the 4 or 5 very painful days I experienced post-surgery.  But, please don&#039;t take it on an empty stomach.  It will make you very sick!"
"I&#039;m 26 years old 5&#039;3. Year in a half a ago I quit taking Vyvanse I didn&#039;t like the way it made me feel and since then I have gained about 80 pounds in the past year. I began at 199 6/25/15 now I weigh 194.4 7/13/15 so it&#039;s only been about 2.5 weeks and I&#039;ve lost about 5 pounds. I hope to see good results with this medication because it has been very difficult for me to look in the mirror and know I let this happen. Especiqlly since I&#039;ve been fit for most of my life. Beer, coke and Pepsi taste awful, wine still tastes good. I&#039;ve had minimal side effects, tingly hands, feet, nervousness. But not very often. I hope this helps."
"I have been amazed at it&#039;s effectiveness. I just hope it lasts."
"I have a very very hard time with medicine. Even mild medications have made me extremely sick. I can&#039;t tolerate cipro or Bactrim, and easily get utis. I was terrified this time when they gave me macrobid because I&#039;d never had it. Even zpack made me very sick. And then I read these reviews and just cried at the thought of taking it. I went out and bought crackers and sprite, etc. to prepare for what&#039;s been described here. Then I took it, and waited. ... and waited.... and waited. Nothing horrible ever happened. It&#039;s important to remember that everyone has a different experience. Don&#039;t even read these. My main advice w this med is to eat eat eat. If anything happens you feel is weird just ask your Dr. But mostly, relax and trust your Dr."
"I was put on this medication after my insurance company stopped covering another PPI that worked well for me. I lasted one month and spent most of it popping ranitadine since anything I ate or drank caused almost immediate heartburn. By the end of the month I was vomiting. It was awful. I hated to be a pain but I called my PCP and told them I needed to go back on my previous med, which of course involved a lot of paperwork on his part. I have a friend that swears by this medication but mostly all I did was swear during the month I took it."
"I don&#039;t really know how to feel about this pill. My doctor switched me over from tri privefem because I got very bad migraines. I still do suffer pretty bad headaches but less severe and less often. I also had no issue with my period (lasts around 3 days and is fairly light) it&#039;s also helped a lot with cramps. I did break out a little but I&#039;m not sure if that was from the pill or stress from starting a new job. I also gained a little weight but again, that may be my lifestyle (not always eating right and exercising). One thing this pill did do it prevent me from getting pregnant because my sex drive has been so low I haven&#039;t been able to have sex!"
"I have been on Belviq now for 4 days and have lost 4 lbs I keep track of what I eat in my fitness pal app I am eating about 1200 calories per day and is fun to keep tract with the fitness Pal , my side effects are very tired in the morning and my muscles ache I noticed if I eat a good meal of 300-350 calories it keeps me full,for a longer time rather than eating a smaller meal"
"I have had migraines for approximately 20 yrs. At 40 went into early menopause.  I had been migraine free for about 5 yrs but after starting hormone replacement therapy the migraines are back. Relpax 40mg worked in the past and still does with little to no side effects. I had also tried Imitrex, Zomig, Maxalt with side effects and little relief. But Relpax seems to be the winner."
"I am allergic to morphine and that is how I ended up taking Demerol.I was born with Sickle Cell Anemia Disease.This causes me to experience extremely painful episodes in my joints which are crippling at times and can last for one to two months.Enough about me can someone just please tell us why they would discontinue the most helpful and healing medication ever invented."
"Diagnosed in Feb of 2015 and tried 2 other drugs. The last 2 causes so much nausea and vomiting that I couldn&#039;t take it. Also, it was messing up my liver. My doctor put me on this and I&#039;ve had little to no side effects. I have nausea but that&#039;s only if I take it on a empty stomach and it only last for about 20 minutes. I&#039;m undetectable now and my CD4 count came from 14 to 376 the last time I checked last year. I&#039;m going back in September to check my progress. This drug saved my life. I was basically on my deathbed before this drug."
"For those who prefer Combivent and can&#039;t get it, be advised it is still available in Mexico over the counter by it&#039;s brand name. So if you have a friend who go&#039;s there, they can bring it back for you....Another option is to use Atrovent and Albuterol inhalers together as prescribed by your doctor as I do......As the U.S, drug companies charge a lot for Atrovent.  BTW Regular Albuterol / Salbutamal Inhalers are less than $10. each when ordering UK Generics"
"First off, this product is a holy grail for people who have hyperhidrosis. I purchased the highest strength and it&#039;s changed my life, I feel so much more confident hugging people and don&#039;t have to constantly worry about how my armpits smell (not to mention, cut down on the amount of laundry I have to do) For anyone out there who&#039;s tried every deodorant and antiperspirant known to man in the hopes of warding off underarms that smell like death, Drysol will change your life. The reason why I gave it a 9 though was because if you don&#039;t follow the instructions exactly like it says, you will suffer itchy underarms for the WHOLE NIGHT if you apply it the same day you shaved. Overall, very satisfied with this and highly recommend it!"
"I have been on Cymbalta for one month for relentless anxiety and depression, after trying Paxil, Wellbutrin, Prozac and many others I can not even remember the names of. There has been a loss of appetite for a few weeks but it has mostly gone away. It caused panic in the beginning but Ativan helped a little with that. After a week I felt really good(20 mg) and have been up and down ever since. It has helped a lot but so far it is not the answer. "
"I was on vistaril, which worked for a while, but stopped working because with my OCD, I am terrified of taking med&#039;s that come in capsules.  My doctor finally put me on Gabapentin, and it works like a charm.  The only side effect of note has been dry mouth, which is easily taken care of.  I love this med."
"This medication is the best thing since slice bread. I have tried countless times and about all available methods to quit smoking. After 14 years of a pack a day of Marlboro reds I decided to try Chantix! Two weeks in I was a nonsmoker! I had only very minor side effects such as slightly more vivid dreams and a stomach ache if I forgot to eat prior to taking it. You have to want to stop for this to work, it makes the cravings for a smoke so much more manageable and few and far between. Remember to let family or friends know if you start taking this so they can watch for signs of problems like depression as there is a chance that Chantix can have negative effects on mental health in some patients."
"This medication has given me no pain relief. All it has done is give me about every side effect listed in the warnings and a few more. After a Utility pole fall over 15 years ago I was doing just fine on Flexeril until I had a drug interaction and my doctor has been searching ever since for another drug. I have tried 3 different ones at this point and am getting frustrated."
"I am only on my 3rd day with Wellbutrin SR (150mg once a day for now) but I really feel good about this medicine already! I&#039;m brand new to antidepressants but had been on Lexapro for 2 weeks prior to getting the Wellbutrin prescription and I really did not like the Lexapro. With it I had been having a headache everyday, tense muscles, felt emotionally numb, was tired all the time, couldn&#039;t focus, and absolutely could not reach orgasm even having sex everyday (which was extremely frustrating). Since switching 3 days ago, I have had more energy, more ability to focus, I feel happier about life as a whole, and I have been really productive with school work (I&#039;m a college student). I also have noticed that I&#039;m not feeling as hungry. Good feels."
"It seemed to work at first, and ended up getting a refill and using it for almost a month, but it&#039;s been a couple weeks since my refill ran out and I have blood on the toilet paper again... Maybe it&#039;s my own fault for not eating enough fiber while I was using Proctofoam, but still it&#039;s frustrating."
"I was given this medication by a dermatologist assistant, and started with the low dose of 50mg. I was a bit &quot;dried out&quot;, had to urinate more and was drinking more water. I didn&#039;t see much difference in my acne until she increased the dosage to 100mg but then I saw a major improvement. The draw back is that I am 44 years old, and my periods were getting heavier, a longer duration, and started every other week. I had some depression spells where I would cry over something very minor. I feel this medication is great for the acne sufferer who has had the same stubborn big deep blemishes for a long time, but for a hormonal person such as myself pushing menopause, it isn&#039;t ideal unfortunately. "
"Began taking this medication in April  and still on it in August.  I was bleeding heavily for 5 months. A biopsy revealed Hyperplasia with atypia.  This medication stopped my period but gave me intense night sweats, headaches, breast pain and weight gain. I&#039;ll be having a hysterectomy in September."
"I just got the kyleena this Monday it was 9/18/17 and so far it has been horrible I am very crampy in the morning time but not bleeding I am also sick which is not good not too sure if I should call the doctor or not about this because I am not bleeding but very crampy in the morning. The cramps are so intense I can barely sit down or even lay down it&#039;s that bad I have to stand up the whole time I just hope the cramps go away. When they put the kyleena in me it hurt at first and then I started to cramp I laid down for a couple mins and then I was fine but ever since then I&#039;ve been getting cramps in the morning around 11-2 it&#039;s horrible I rate it a 5 because how horrible it is for me right now but I hope it gets better."
"Two years ago my Mom used 5mg of Aricept for one month, she became almost a total zombie taking this medicine. Would not get out of bed, her mind was a lot worse than before she started taking it. A month ago she was put on 10mg of Aricept and after two doses was taken to the hospital, she was totally out of control and knew nothing of what was going on.  It is not for everyone."
"Due to my rheumatoid arthritis diagnosis I am on steroid shots. I gained 25 pounds in 4 weeks. Lost 11 pounds when I could exercise. Then NOT being able to exercise (RA on feet and ankles). I started Bontril on March 11 and stopped for 9 days because I could not get to the doctor. I have lost 10 pounds. No withdrawal symptoms while off. Would recommend it. Starting tomorrow again."
"Honestly, I am still one of the undecided... I have/had dysmenorrhia that lasted a full 7 days each month. My tubes were tied 20 plus years ago. Perhaps it is genetics that I am in the place I am today because my mother went through many of the same symptoms and eventually had a hysterectomy. After discovering a large submucosal fibroid that was removed, I started to experience sharp pain ( which escalated from simple cramps ) when my cycle hit. The Mirena is my last viable option before surgery. It was place a week and a half ago. Within 4 days of its placement and seeing my doctor again because of pelvic pain from the jabs and sticks I felt, I&#039;d lost 2 pounds. More weight is coming off 3 days later but still have pain."
"First gout attack in big toe at 42 lasted two months. Couldn&#039;t wait to get on allopurinol. Started at 100mg for a week, then 200mg for a week, then 300mg steady. Also taking 0.6mg colchicine. UA went from over 10 to less than 5 in a month and no flare ups. Side effects include aching foot and fatigue, but overall it&#039;s definitely worth it."
"I have just started on roserum and find I still wake up several times a night, however, I sleep hard in between waking up. I slept very light and almost consiously before taking it. So, I am happy with it, best of all, it is not an addictive drug or narcotic! Thank god for something that helps better than nothing and not addictive."
"The first day I took this I immediately got a mild headache, this headache lasted the whole time I took it. I have been on it for a week and stopped today. My heart beats hard, I have headaches, acid reflux, body aches, and weight gain. I am thinking maybe it raises my BP instead of lowering it and causing me to hold water. I have been the same weight on an extremely low carb diet which is not normal for me. Works for many, but not me."
"It may cause stomach irritation.

"
"I get frequent headaches that I would describe as a painful tightening of the muscles in the back of my neck on the sides of the spine, right at the bottom of the skull. It&#039;s usually centered there but the pain can radiate to the top of my head

If I take Ibuprofen early enough I can take 3 pills (600mg) but if it&#039;s a full blown headache I have to take 4 or 5 depending on the severity. If I swallow the pills whole it can take as long as 45 minutes to work. But pro-tip: you can chew them (unless it is the slow release form). They don&#039;t taste bad and they will work a little faster.

Great medication. I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it. Came here to learn the maximum dose per day. Have not noticed any bad side effects."
"I really was nervous to take, but its super easy. You take the big jug add lemon flavor packet that comes with it, add water leave in fridge for a couple hours. I took 4- 5mg laxatives at 12 and then drank 3/4 of the jug of 3350 at 5pm. Yes I had to use the restroom several times, but it really wasn&#039;t that bad. I poured my 8oz into a beer mug, drank it, then refilled it,  I probably drank about 5-6 of them and I was done. I worked from my home, did laundry, made dinner and when I had to go I did go.  The only thing that was not fun was I had a burning sensation after and from going so much my butt felt tender and irritated. Other than that don&#039;t read all the hype. Drink the drink and that&#039;s it. If I can do it so can you."
"Remeron helped very much initially. After trying a host of other depression meds, this one seemed to work and had minimal side effects after the first week. However, at a low dose it stopped doing the job and have had to go up twice to the max dose of 45 mg. I no longer sleep well, and have had HUGE weight gain and ended up with diabetes. I plan to gradually wean myself off and treat the depression with natural means--exercise, diet, supplements."
"Miracle worker.  Took about six weeks to start fully working and the side effects were not so pleasant at first.  Now taking 20mg daily, I have no side effects and feel great.  During the first few weeks taking it, I would have extremely good moods that almost seemed imaginable and then I would go back to feeling sad.  Then eventually that went away.  One negative about Lexapro is that my stomach isn&#039;t as strong as it was before and a lot of foods bother it.  All I can do is eat healthy and take pro-biotics.  VERY HAPPY with Lexapro."
"This drug is amazing. Before taking it I would eat non-stop and obsess about food because of my depression. Now I only eat when it&#039;s meal time and don&#039;t even think about it any other time. I sleep great, have more energy and the only side effects were mild nausea the first couple days. The depression is gone and I feel so much better. I&#039;m taking 50 mgs once per day."
"I have probably spent 2,000$ this year due to hospital co pays, I was put on dulera and it has completely stopped my wheezing, I just wish I didn&#039;t need medicine to breathe :("
"Delayed reaction 3-4 days
both arms muscle and joint pain and weakness (4 months and counting)
swelling in both arms (left twice the swelling)
drowsy and sleeping excessively
vomiting"
"Started out good, then headaches then sleep problems. After that muscle spasms, also weakness, although I started feeling better to start with as far as my mood and depression."
"I had a stroke after. Being on low-dose, birth-control for five years, Apri, at the age of 41, my docs, immediately, took me off all estrogen, and my b-c&#039;s,   but, my face began to react violently, I never had teen-age, acne, but, this adult acne was the worst! Nothing worked, plus I had hair on my chin, and, upperlip, as well as a few strands in between my breast, needless to say it was extremely, embarrassing to meet people in that condition, I went to myderm, and,she looked at my thinning scalp, and, my  warewolfish chin, and, immediately, prescribed 25 mg of spirio lactone, she said, that she couldn&#039;t promise anything, but together with 1% tretinoin, cream we could try, and a rx for .05% fluocinonide, we could try to regrow my lost hair."
"It is a life saver for me."
"Had an injection into my knee due to osteoarthritis.  I am scheduled for knee replacement but there is 1 year wait for surgery.  Before injection I could not sleep due to throbbing pain and after injection this is gone.  My overall pain is significantly reduced.  I had no adverse reaction to the drug."
"I had the nexaplanon inserted back in 2013 after I have my daughter. My period has completely stop , I only experience a little spotting sometimes. The nexaplanon is very effective! My fianc"
"Been taking Apri for about 2 1/2 months and I&#039;ve gained about 10lbs, my sex drive is extremely low and I&#039;m really moody for no apparent reason. It&#039;s really interfering with my relationship. I also have been having chest pains and I feel a heaviness in my chest when I wake up. When my period came on after the first month I had really bad cramps. The only reason I gave it a 3 is because I have an irregular period and it came on time while taking Apri."
"Well obviously I had sex with my boyfriend the week I was ovulating. The condom broke so we bought the pill just incase, I took the pill less than an hour later. I didn&#039;t feel any side effects other than a little cramping, I got my period out of no where yesterday and it was a week early. I am so relieved! It might be expensive but it&#039;s so worth it!"
"Without this medicine I fall asleep frequently. I fall asleep while having breakfast, tying my shoes, reading the news, waiting at traffic lights. Without this my lifestyle is one of sleeping more than I am awake. Having it has changed my life, I can function in a normal way, it does not seem to have any negative side effects. I can&#039;t be part of life without it."
"It worked great to lower my blood pressure, but I was extremely dizzy, awful dry mouth and a very low heart rate [41] so my doctor took me off clonidine right away."
"I&#039;ve been on the Nuvaring for 2 years now and I love it! I was previously on Lo-ovral, but after my gastric bypass, my body wouldn&#039;t absorb the pill correctly, giving me acne, mood swings, and breakthrough bleeding. My gynecologist suggested the Nuvaring and I&#039;ve loved it since then,
I have no mood swings, no weight gain. I do get bloating when I&#039;m on my period. I&#039;m a chronic migraine sufferer, but it only pops up in the beginning of my period. I tried to switch back to oral contraceptive last summer because Nuvaring is expensive, even with insurance, but my body didn&#039;t tolerate it well. Overall it&#039;s a great product. I don&#039;t have issues with the ring slipping out. My only issue is the cost."
"This is the second medication I&#039;ve taken for urinary incontinence and it doesn&#039;t work very well for me."
"I have UC and get a colonoscopy every year...the ONLY good thing about this whole procedure is getting 1 to 2mg of versed in the prep area and just before they give me propofol. I think it&#039;s one of the greatest drugs out there, so much euphoria, everything is awesome, calmness, all the anxiety, and any stress you have is gone!!! Wonderful drug, just wish it would last slightly longer. regardless high recommend if your going to get a out patient surgery or in my case a colonoscopy"
"I have epilepsy, anxiety problems, headaches, social problems, PMDD and OCD, this is my all all in one pill. Helps my anxieties and my headaches even my raging hormone levels. I don&#039;t know how crazy I would be without it."
"I been taking lisinopril about 3 months ago I have to said it works for me until now, I been having body aches, stomach pain, dry cough and also confusion..I haven&#039;t take it for the last couple of day and my blood pressure is 156/91 I&#039;m afraid to take it again..I&#039;ve been trying home remedies to lower my blood pressure..beware of this medication!!"
"I rated a 2 because I&#039;m not sure how I feel about this birth control yet. I had it put in on dec 29th. So far nexplanon hasn&#039;t been my cup of tea I am even considering having it removed due to I&#039;ve been bleeding for over 2 weeks now, my mood swings are horrible my husband noticed a total change in me and I&#039;ve become very depressed. I cry for absolutely no reason and am always feeling down. I am not in the mood for anything! It&#039;s hard being I am a mom of 3 boys 5 3 and 1 so you can imagine my frustration. My arm is still sore and I can&#039;t stretch it straight out much because I feel like I am pinching a nerve or something. It is very sensitive from where it was placed to my mid-arm. I&#039;ll give it another month and see how I feel about it then."
"I used sprintec to switch my period for a trip, and it worked for that, which is why I give it two points. 

The rest of my experience was not good.
I only took Sprintec for two weeks and had to stop taking it. Here is a list of my bad experience:

-it made me sick to my stomach every single day
- after one week I had continuous breakthrough bleeding due to the low amount of progesterone in the pill
-my period are now irregular. Last month it was 4 days early, this month its 3 days (or more) late
- NOW I have found a bump in my breast, that hurts, and after having a cancer scare...I actually found out it&#039;s from the pill. The lack of pregesterone caused it.

So moral of the story...don&#039;t take Sprintec."
"I&#039;ve had a great experience with this medicine. It&#039;s something that I&#039;ve been taking since I was diagnosed in September 2007.  One thing you have to keep in mind is that you HAVE to have your eyes checked at least twice a year."
"Continued... Since then I have had very light periods usually ONCE every 3 months with thick, bloody discharge on the first day and light spotting for 1-2 days after for a total of 3 days. I haven&#039;t needed a tampon in nearly 3 years! Pantie liner is all I need, if at all. I do get pms monthly though- cravings, moody, maybe a little breakout but nothing you wouldn&#039;t get with any other birth control. I have tried pill, patch, and Nuva Ring-which I liked but it gave me ovarian cysts so I switched to Skyla. I highly recommend Skyla! While it has never happened to me.. if you are bleeding for more than 7 days at any given time while on Skyla GO. SEE. A. DOCTOR. Something is wrong! Again, 23, never been pregnant, and love Skyla!"
"After suffering unbearably for 15 years  from Fibromyalgia (including 6 years on disability for it). My neurologist suggested I read everything by Dr. D&#039;Amato and try Mucinex.  We tried 600 mg twice a day for 6 weeks, no response, upped the dose to 800 mg twice a day for 4 weeks, a little better, then 1200 mg twice a day and it was a miracle.  I slowly regained a life again.  Throughout this time I also exercised about 1/2 hour a day, which also helps."
"I was prescribed to use this once in the morning everyday and here we are 3 months later with no progress."
"Came off Citalopram which helped quite a lot for years but started to become ineffective and went onto 15mg Mirtazipine. After feeling little to no effect except moodiness, and being 2 weeks late for my period I was upped to 30mg. Now I feel 10   times worse than I&#039;ve ever felt. My anxiety is through the roof and I can barely raise a smile. I&#039;ve never felt this close to suicidal and really need advise. Has anyone else had a bad reaction to them?"
"Overall was an effective drug for me, but had problems with it wearing off between doses."
"I took this medicine for an acute bladder infection and the 3rd dose something happened. I went into a panic attack, had shortness of breath, was hyperventilating and my stomach was killing me so I was racing back to the ER and I was hallucinating. I kept seeing people jump out in front of me WHILE driving but there was no one there, it was dark but not too dark but I made it to the ER and I got in right away just from having a panic attack and hyperventilating. I have NO idea where this side effect came from it was the weirdest, scariest thing ever so the Doctor gave me Cipro which makes you feel awful. "
"Monistat 7 is great. It does not cause burning like the 1 or 3 day version. It might be the burning everyone has experienced may be because you have a bacterial infection instead. Just make sure when using Monistat 7, that you are in fact treating a yeast infection. Good luck!"
"Me and a friend have been hooked for about 2 years on Narcos,Hydrocodine and we went this weekend together to a clinic it&#039;s only been since Saturday but they work so good it has helped out so much i would suggest this way we were scared that it wouldnt work but it does"
"Works very effectively."
"Was prescribed Effexor XR 75mg in 2015 for depression. I was on it for 7 months. It helped at first, but not in a healthy way. It kinda just kept me calm and numb to my surroundings. It was almost like some type of fake permanent trance that helped me to not be able to focus for more than a couple seconds on issues. Just a constant blur, I had absolutely no feelings. Whether it be love or hate.....I had nothing. I didn&#039;t care about anything, nothing seemed to bother me. Then I started to have memory loss along with brain zaps every night before bed. I quit cold turkey because I knew I had to save myself. I now  suffer with sleep paralysis and occasional brain zaps, two years later. I believe they are 2 lifetime side effects caused by this drug."
"I am 34 yrs old, 5&#039;6,  mom of 6 kids. My youngest is 7 mo old. And this is the heaviest I&#039;ve been. I started Contrave 3 weeks ago. My beginning weight was 242 and I&#039;ve lost 18 lbs in 3 wks. This has been with strict calorie restriction and walking 30 mins to an hour daily if I can. Contrave keeps my appetite in check and I forget to eat sometimes. I&#039;ve had no side effects. I&#039;m also doing the scale down program too. So far Contrave has been great! I&#039;ll update again after my 2nd month.."
"I had forgotten how it felt like to be normal and healthy. To have energy. I was experiencing this after three months on Humira only to be abruptly dropped from my insurance plan. So thankful for the Abbvie patient assistance plan which has now approved me for a full year! I am looking forward to getting better again in the months ahead. I was afraid I was going to lose my job because of the flares but now I am hopeful. Thanks"
"Took this pill for one week.  I was so nauseated, dizzy,  and had a headache I couldn&#039;t get out of the house or even look at food.  I have been on several other pills before and none have affected me this badly"
"Retin-A truly did a 360 on my skin. I have mild to moderate breakouts with terrible hormonal flare ups. Hence when I first tried Retin-A over a year ago, it only worked for a short while and then I discovered I was expecting and had to stop using it. Glowing during pregnancy led to return of the bumps around my chin and forehead postpartum. Now I&#039;m back on 0.025% and am in love with my skin again. Smooth, healthy, and rosy looking even when that time comes. It started working immediately. I skip every third night to keep from over drying and desensitizing. Goodluck all."
"I can walk without limping now. That&#039;s all I wanted. "
"Insurance covered this 100% which was great...I had a period the NEXT day after not having one for 5 years with Mirena. Since then I have randomly bled several times a month for the last year and a half. I have gained 60 pounds, began to lose my hair, started sprouting manly hair all over my body, and developed cysts under my skin due to this. I went through 3 doctors trying to figure out what the problem was, before it was determined that Nexplanon was the culprit. Not pregnant which is a plus, but not worth it. Getting it removed within the week. DO NOT USE!"
"I have been taking Effexor for hot flashes for 4 years now. While it did relieve the flashes I must tell you about a devastating experience I had this week. The Effexor caused  me to have a false positive reading for PCP on a pre employment drug screen. I will NEVER take this medication again and am on a mission to let everyone know about this problem."
"I highly recommend trying this product.  Discounts are available depending on your health insurance provider and Dermatologist.  I first I didn&#039;t follow the directions and used  sometimes once a day.  Once I started using it twice a day I noticed fantastic results.  This paired along with Cerve  moisturizer (the night version)  really did change my life."
"The best invention since the wheel!! Its magical, its amazing! Chantix actually makes you NOT want to smoke! I wish I did this years ago. Here&#039;s a tip for those who got sickly from it. Maybe the prescribed dosage is too much for your system to handle. Try introducing it to your body slower by extending the lower dose from 1 week to 2-3 weeks, or even cut the lower dose in half. Or maybe all you need is half the dose the entire time. And I recommend tapering off Chantix for a couple weeks when you&#039;re finished.  Everybody is different, so its worth trying what works for you!"
"It has worked incredibly well for me, and I rarely ever get pimples. I have never gotten sick, either and my periods have been manageable. I&#039;ve been on this for about 5 months now, but one thing is I did gain a ton of weight. It wasn&#039;t really a bad thing because I already was incredibly skinny. I started out 100 lb and I&#039;m now 115. But the problem is that all the weight went straight to my stomach. I look incredibly bloated all the time and have to suck in to try and look normal. I have a feeling strenuous workout is necessary to make the pill worth it."
"I have had TN for about 10 years, but was switched from Trileptal to carbamazepine, 100 mg 3x/day, about a month ago. The first week I felt almost pain-free, but since have been in constant pain. It does not seem to work for me at all now!"
"The first week at 0.6 went pretty well...some nausea, blood sugar reduced significantly, low appetite. When I moved to the 1.2 dosage, by day 4 I felt so sick and weak (couldn&#039;t really eat much at all), with extensive gas and burping.  Felt so bad I had to leave work and take the next day off.  I went back to 0.6 for now.  Probably will try the 1.2 again in a week or two.  It did greatly reduce my blood sugar from 200-250 to 110-135, but I have to be able to function."
"I have been taking melatonin every night for about 3 years and it works good for me! I have never had my sleep problem &quot;diagnosed&quot;....but I can tell you that if I don&#039;t take something to MAKE me fall asleep I can easily stay awake for at least 36 hours and then in order to fall asleep I still have to take something! I have tried Tylenol PM and sometimes use pain pills and muscle relaxers (ruptured disc in my neck) and I still need melatonin with any of them! 
I have noticed that I seem to need more than I started out taking."
"I have only been on latuda for a short period of time so far. I don&#039;t like that I&#039;ve been twitching, I get so tired from latuda that I can&#039;t wake up the next day for hours (which is bad when you work) and also I have been unable to think about past memories that are sad. Idk how to explain it but I used to be able to think about my past sad memories and be upset and now on latuda, It feels I am unable to really hold on to the memory and think about it at all. Its like the drug doesn&#039;t let me get upset. I also have trouble thinking about things and analyzing them now."
"Excellent."
"I work nights so I took my 2nd dose of the day at 1am. By the time I saw the doctor at 8am, my blood pressure was 160/110. It doesn&#039;t work for me. I get no benefit, and most of the side effects."
"Lysteda is amazing.  I have menorrhagia caused by adenomyosis.  I have dealt with disablingly heavy periods for nearly 10 years.  I usually take two days off from work and wear diapers for the first two days of my period, waking up several times throughout the night to change.  I also experience debilitating cramps and became severely anemic from the heavy bleeding.  This is my first month on Lysteda.  I just completed my third day of treatment, and this is the first normal period I have had in years - no diapers and no cramping whatsoever!  My flow was so light that I only had to change my pad a few times on the heaviest day, and had no need for tampons.  I highly recommend Lysteda."
"I am 35 and have had extremely random menstrual cycles for as long as I have had a period.  I never know when the cycle will start, end or if it will be spotty or 5 gallons of blood.   I am on the 3rd month of this Microgestin 1.5/30 and I will not be taking it anymore. 
The Microgestin has seemed to make my menstrual cycles right on schedule and with very little blood flow, however since week one, I have had the most painful ovarian cysts.  I have never had these before and it started on week one but the last several have ruptured closer to ovulation.  The first time I had to call the ambulance because I thought my appendices had burst.  
After 2 months, I started forming a belly that looks very similar to a baby bump, but it is not."
"I treated my major depression with any type of narcotics or benzos. I was so depressed just wanted to die. But I found Prozac. Now loving life clean sober and happy. Please try this medication.  40 mg 1xday. Free at local health department"
"I took the medication for two years as a teenager. It stopped the seizures but I lost all my energy and put on 40 pounds.  Once I stopped Depakote, I nearly lost all the weight within 2 months."
"I have been taking 50 mg per day of atenolol, for 29 years, now. It has done two things for me. It has controlled my blood pressure dependably and it has made me a much calmer person. I have had no side effects, unless you consider being more calm a side effect. I was 33 years old, when I started atenolol and I am now 62."
"I have been on Deplin 15mg for about 3.5 months. I have the mutation and was hopeful that this would help. I noticed no change whatsoever in my anxiety or depression. I also started having severe joint pain and nothing had changed but adding Deplin. My doctor recommended that I stop the Deplin. I have been off for 3 days and continue to have joint pain. Would love to hear from others with a similar experience."
"Have been on Multaq since Sept. 2009 and it has worked very well. Had one brief ER visit after forgetting to take a dose on time, and one brief episode of tachycardia after drinking too much Espresso. My pulse is slow and steady, blood pressure is low and I have no noticeable adverse effects as long as I take it with food to avoid intestinal discomfort. It&#039;s important to know that Multaq works very well for some people and not at all for others (typical with anti-arrhythmic medicines) and that it is not safe for patients with heart failure or permanent atrial fibrillation."
"I have been taking this drug for about 3 months now. At first the drug seemed to work - I could sleep! Then like everything else once my body got used to it, it stopped working. Now I&#039;m up till 3am in the morning and having to get up at six for work sometimes. So I have tried to be strong and make myself work extra hard during the day to sleep better at night. Has it worked? NO but I am still pushing on."
"I have had chronic pain and peripheral neuropathy of the legs and feet for about 4 years, a lovely gift I received just before my 40th birthday that eventually landed me in the hospital in so much pain that my blood pressure was dangerously high.  I had been put on every pain med imaginable, including fentanyl and dilaudid, which made me terribly sick.  Fast forward 4 years and my PCP wanted me to try tramadol in conjunction with my gabapentin 600 mg 3x/day and clonidine 0.1 mg 3x/day.  So far it has been a miracle.  I can finally put on my sneaks and take long walks again, go biking and shop without having to sit on a bench every 10 minutes.  I was prescribed 50 mg of tramadol 2x/day but so far I&#039;ve only taken it once a day and that&#039;s all!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this for about four months now, and I only really have good things to say about it. I take this everyday along with a birth control pill and the results are wonderful. I used to have moderate acne and NOTHING I did helped. This is the first time something really worked and my skin is 99% clear now. Seeing even a small zit on my face is very rare. A few tips though: it took about three weeks before I saw results, and they weren&#039;t that impressive at first, but over time I gradually got better skin. Just be patient. Also, I tended to still get bad breakouts around that time of the month, BUT in combination with a birth control pill, that went away. So, if you have hormonal acne, I strongly suggest this! I had great results."
"Took one pill for shingles pain and I never took anymore. It made me feel funny but didn&#039;t help the pain of shingles. ER doctor gave me 15"
"I have been using Seasonique for a little over a year now. The first month and a half on Seasonique is great but then the spotting starts. For the past 2 1/2 weeks on the last pack I have been bleeding. It has given me acne and very painful cramps. I am switching to another birth control."
"I had numerous set of 35 shots of Botox for headaches. Started with 100 units, then 150 units, then 200 units.This over a period of 1 and a half years. I had pain in my neck, shoulder and injection site pain, it did help with the headaches but didn&#039;t take away completely. So the doctor give me 300 units of Botox. That was biggest mistake of my life 7 hours later my head started feeling very weird, I started having bad anxiety. I called the doctor he said it had to run its  90 days then it would get better it&#039;s been almost 2 years. It isn&#039;t any better. I&#039;m exhausted, the weird feeling and anxiety is worse I have no life. One Doctor at the ER told me the problems I&#039;m having are definitely caused from the Botox. Do your research before you take Botox its ruined my life!!"
"This is my second time using Lamisil. No problems the first time. Within first 5 days I developed progressive rash-starting on feet, then legs, arms, and trunk. Discontinued after day 13."
"BEST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER USED! The very next day my internal and external hemmorhoids dwindled down to nothing. I couldn&#039;t believe that after only TWO uses I saw such quick results! Crazy expensive though, 162$ "
"3rd colonoscopy. One prep was oral meds (they don&#039;t do that anymore). One was with nulytely and this one was suprep.  Suprep has an unpleasant taste but I had good success chugging it in about 3-5 minutes.  Both my evening and morning dose took about 3 hours start to finish and it took about 1 hour to start working on the first dose. It wasn&#039;t until the second dose that I had the &#039;desired&#039; liquid yellow stools, and that toward the end of my &#039;throne&#039; time. My stomach was a little queasy but I didn&#039;t actually get sick-once it started working that went away. I loved that I could take it all at once and that I was done in a few hours-it actually let me sleep a while which was nice.  Helps to take a sip or two of soda after drinking it."
"I am a 39 (soon to be 40) year old male. I stepped one the scale at the doctors office and I was horrified to learn that I had let myself get to 284lbs (I&#039;m only 5&#039;10). I asked the doc for some help, and she recommended a few drugs that might be able to help, Saxenda being one of them. I have been on Saxenda for 6 weeks and I have lost 23lbs.  I also stopped drinking any kind of soda, or sugary drinks, and not fast food. I let myself have a cheat meal a week, but I can&#039;t even finish it when I do have it. 

I did have a few issues in the beginning, headache the first week, and some sporadic nausea. The side effects have subsided, and for me the few days of discomfort have been well worth the reward."
"I was put on Microgestin 1/20 to not only prevent pregnancy, but to prevent the severe cramps I had. It worked well by helping with the cramps and I had almost zero side effects but one- spotting. I spotted almost every day. I continued taking the prescription in hopes the spotting would pass, but it didn&#039;t. My OB-GYN then put me on Microgestin 1.5/30 for a few months, to see if that would help. Unfortunately, it didn&#039;t, so I stopped taking birth control all together. Hopefully I can find one that works for me!"
"I&#039;m on day 6, @20 mg.  I&#039;ve been waiting for this feeling for a long time.  I have energy, no brain fog, I don&#039;t feel like isolating myself, most of all I feel happy.  I&#039;m having weird dreams but I can take that.  I&#039;m not sitting on my assets for days without showering bc it was so laboring just to think much less move.  I don&#039;t ache in the way I have been for nearly 8 years.  I also feel like there&#039;s an open communication between my brain &amp; body now...before  I had great ideas of things to do but my body wasn&#039;t receiving the message.  I can think and remember things now. I got to a point where my head was so tired I had to keep my eyes closed and it&#039;s gone now.  This is going to change my life...that&#039;s amazing.  I can&#039;t wait!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Ritalin for 3 years for Narcolepsy.  I was very unwilling to try it at first, but after much research and a push from my Dr, I was finally alert and able to think clearly for the first time in years.  I&#039;ve had to alter my dose at times and currently take 10mg twice a day.  I work part-time and try to alter my lifestyle so I won&#039;t need to up my dose too soon.  I can&#039;t imagine life without it and hope it continues to work for years to come."
"I have pneumonia in both lungs for the second time in 35 days. I was hospitalized this time though, so it&#039;s definitely worse the the first illness.
The only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is nausea. If I drink water quickly, I immediately feel the need to throw up. Problem is that I&#039;m always thirsty. I am home now thank goodness, still sick but I have what I need. I left AMA because I&#039;ve got four kids with Christmas on their brains. Hopefully my pills will do the trick."
"The condom broke and we didn&#039;t realize it until too late...it was around time of my ovulation. I am not on birth control and took Plan B less than 12 hours later. During the next two weeks I was so paranoid and scared thinking I was pregnant because I was ovulating and thinking I was seeing so many signs, but please trust that this medicine does work! I ended up getting my period two days early and was so relieved. Take Plan B as SOON as you can after you have an accident. It works miracles even when you have an accident WHEN you&#039;re ovulating."
"I have been taking Microgestin for three months now. It&#039;s birth control. Sure, everyone needs to find the right one for them but it really isn&#039;t as horrid as everyone is making it... Side effects happen.. you&#039;re pumping your body full of hormones. For the first month I didn&#039;t break out a tad bit more than usual, my boobs were extremely tender and I was feeling lethargic but around the end of month 2 my face became extra clear, my boob tenderness had subsided and I have my energy back! GIVE YOUR BODY TIME TO BECOME ADJUSTED. . That&#039;s it. Do that and you will be A OKAY side effect AND baby free."
"I was very happy with my paraguard for the first 6mos. Then my partner began complaining that he felt it poking him during sex and I would have cramping after sex. I went in for an ultrasound to check the placement. Found out it had moved into my cervix. Luckily I found out and was not pregnant, but this seems to be more common than I thought. I got it removed and it was horribly painful. Much worse than the insertion. My doctor said it was curled or twisted and that is why it hurt so badly coming out. I had painful cramping after the removal and am now feeling upset that I have to find another alternative for birth control- again."
"Ambien is something I have very mixed feelings about. 
To be honest I was hooked on it the first time I took it. 
It took me a year to realize this. 
It is an extremely subtle dependency that develops, but eventually it will stop working. When it stopped working I started feeling like I didn&#039;t get quality sleep at night at all and was dizzy all the time. I think it has a very subtle withdrawal that many people might not understand.
Terrible, I will be up for 3 days straight at a time, it&#039;s been two months off of Ambien and I sleep worse now then I ever did before I had it.
My advice is take it EXACTLY as it&#039;s prescribed no long term."
"My OB recommended this for my insomnia/racing thoughts at night in pregnancy. Took 25 mg and was out w/in 30 minutes and tired the next day. Cut down to 1/2 a pill and was much better. Haven&#039;t gotten a full nights sleep in 6 months and was losing my mind, it completely fixed that. I will say that if I don&#039;t drink lots of water with it I get terrible headaches but as long as I stay hydrated and give myself 8 hours to sleep I am ready and wake up right away with my alarm in the best mood I&#039;ve had since the pregnancy started."
"Every time I have had a sinus infection and been prescribed Augmentin 875  I feel so much better within a day or two"
"My grandmother takes this and she looks really great for her age!"
"It truly has helped to keep my RRMS in check...after trying many therapies over eight years to slow progression. I have been on Novantrone for about 2 years now. The full doses are trying but once the treatment is cut into half doses it is very manageable."
"I have been on Mirena for over 6 months now and it&#039;s not for me. When I first got it inserted it wasn&#039;t too painful, but for the rest of the day I was in bed with very painful cramps, I even had to call into work. I have been having mood swings and spotting since I got it inserted. I never got my period once I was put on Mirena, just the everyday spotting. Everyone&#039;s different, but this form of birth control is not right for me."
"Suboxone is the best thing that ever happens to me! Before Suboxone I was on pills doing bad things that I would never do! I have 4 wonderful children that I lost due to my drug use! Pills were number one, my kids and family and loved ones came last. I lost everything, myself, my kids, my family and the one man I loved so much. Then I found hope I found a Doctor that said I want you to try a pill called Suboxone and to be honest it saved my life. I no longer use pills I am on Suboxone daily. I am on the right track I am going to outpatient daily. I go to meetings and I take my medication the right way. I am on the right track to getting my 4 great kids back but most important me back. If I can do it anyone can."
"Today I&#039;ve been on Yasmin for 4 weeks. I started taking it mostly because of My skin, I have had mild hormonal acne since I was twelve (I&#039;m 18). My skin has Always been combination with a more oily T-zone and  dry cheeks. The surface of the skin dries out easily though, maybe because of the retinoid gel I used. 

I&#039;ve not looked this good since I tried antibiotics (It came back afterwards)  and when I get pimples, one wash with my estee lauder cleansing make them go away overnight. Its a commitment though, I started on the first day of My period and i had a 2 week long period   spotting everyday for the last 2 weeks. My breasts grew two sizes as well, and i lost most of My appetite. makes me dizzy sometimes. Otherwise:perfect."
"Diagnosed with bronchial pneumonia two days ago. Had a fever of 102 at that point. Within two days, I don&#039;t have a fever. I am beginning to cough up the infection where I struggled before. I have to be open and add that I was also given prednisone to take. Between the two, at the end of the second day, I am beginning to feel better. Still a ways off but I feel a difference."
"I had it inserted on last month 15 sept. Was painful during the insertion, experienced cramp for a short while. Before i went for the insertion, i even double checked with the doctor about the side effects. And he said that there is no side effects at all.. weight gain is my most concerned issue and now.. i have gained 4.5kg (10lb). What is this?! After insertion, my menses lasted around 1 week and it came back (light flow) 3 days later. Zero sex drive, moody, temper change.. i feel it... (from Singapore)"
"After experiencing extreme weight gain due to a horrible experience with an imbedded IUD, I was advised by a colleague to try adipex 37.5. I have been taking it since June 1, 2015 and started at 238.2 lbs. Today I weigh 227.4 lbs. it has helped me by suppressing my appetite, increasing my energy and giving me motivation by seeing my weight loss occur so quickly. I walk twice per day and lift weights three times per week. (Arms, legs, abs) I had the dry mouth but lots of water and Biotene help. Insomnia is managed by taking pill no later than 1pm. No rapid heart beat &amp; managing salt intake may help BP. I stay below 1500 mls daily. Will update next month. I&#039;m happy."
"I have been taking Xyrem since it was in research. Then it was a powder that you mixed each night before bed. While it has changed my life for the better. There are some side effects. One is after starting just once I did wet the bed. I had been warned that this might happen. So with proper protection in place no mess. One more side effect is intense hunger after taking the dose. Some people quit the study over that side effect. The price of Xyrem is so high. These are just my experiences everyone is different. But for my narcolepsy I have a new lease on life. One where I can pay attention and stay awake."
"I have been on Effexor XR (now the generic) for 18 years! I suffer with anxiety and panic. I went as high as 150mg and then stayed at 37.5mg for years. When break through panic comes in I up my dosage to 75mg then taper down again. I have tried to go this medication but my panic just comes back. I thank my lucky stars that there was a medication out there to help me with functioning in the world. I am 54 and I plan on staying on this medication until I am 104!"
"I&#039;ve been on Cryselle for two years now and I absolutely love it! I actually lost weight since taking the pill and have maintained this new low weight ever since. My periods used to be 8-10 days and filled with unbearable cramps and heavy bleeding. My periods are now 3-4 days and extremely light. My boobs get a little sore before I&#039;m going to begin but that&#039;s how it&#039;s always been for me. Everyone&#039;s different. I experience little to no cramps with the pill which is amazing compared to what I used to deal with. I can remember having to stay home from school because my cramps and bleeding were so severe it would make me sick. I&#039;m 20 years old and began taking Cryselle at 18. I highly recommend !!!"
"I have been on Effexor XR for years.  I have been on several other SSRIs through the years that eventually stopped working.  Effexor has been the most successful in the long term.  I take 150mg of the XR and 37.5 three times a day of the regular Effexor.  The regular was recently added as my depression has worsened due to additional stress at work.  I have not had any major side effects, even on this high of a dose.  I do agree that withdrawal is serious.  If I miss a dose, I have a buzzing feeling, crying and increase in depression almost immediately.  This is one medication that I do not go without--ever.  I am a bit worried about ever going off of it for these reasons.  I believe that this can be done safely with the help of a physician."
"I have had restless legs syndrome for over 15 years. It has gotten worse over the years, but with my doctor increasing my medication, my symptoms have been for the most part under control."
"Take pill every 12 hours. Works fine for me. Requested a beta-blocker because of the anti stage-fright effects. No more &#039;adrenaline dumps&#039; in stressful situations. Helps me tremendously in my work and social interactions."
"This product never worked for me. I&#039;m so sick of doctors trying new stuff. Doctors can give me what I know works or I can find another doctor. The older I get the more I start feeling like a guinea pig!"
"Went to ER with a migraine and they  gave me torodol and a &quot;cocktail&quot; of other meds that did not work!!!"
"This stuff works better than anything else.  Don&#039;t waste your time with all the OTC stuff.  After I started Valtrex my cold sore was gone in two days"
"I had the Nexplanon inserted in the beginning of May 2016. About 4 weeks later I started my period and it hasn&#039;t stopped for more than 3 days since! I cry all the time and feel like I want to rip everyone&#039;s face off When they even look at me funny. I&#039;m actually crying as I write this because I feel So guilty about my attitude. It&#039;s like I wake up and cannot get into a good mood no matter what I do. My doctor put me on Estrogen to try and stop my period and that worked. Except I cry even more than normal now. I decided to go off of it for the day to see how I felt and I felt great! First time I&#039;ve felt myself since I had it in, but then my period starting almost immediately. I cannot WAIT to get this out of my arm and be normal again!"
"Started taking this birth control at 16 and have taken it for a year now. The first three months were horrible, I had mood swings where I would start crying randomly, most of the time because I would take it at 7 pm and around 9 pm would begin feeling sharp cramps in my stomach that were unbearable, it was so hard to continue taking them at work knowing I would be in pain from them. However after three months I stopped having pain. Before the pill I had terrible cramps on my period but since Alesse my cramps are much milder. My mood swings have calmed down and I am not affected at all! A good thing to keep in mind is Alesse is a mild birth control (less hormones than others) so you can still take other medications. I love it, good choice!"
"I had a mishap with my boyfriend on Sept.4 where he came inside of me and immediately ran to CVS to get the Plan B. I took the pill within an hour of the accident.  I&#039;m not sure whether it was a mixture of the Plan B and my regular birth control (which I started Sept.5) but the side effects hit me hard. I was extremely naseuas and fatigued. I mean to the point where any physical activity was draining. This went on for the next two weeks with mild cramping in between. The side effects subsided a bit but I am happy to say that my period came today Sept.29 only a day late! I am well over the &quot;weight limit&quot; for the pill and it worked for me and I was very fertile according to my ovulation calend. Hope this helps someone ease their minds a bit!"
"Okay first thing is first, this pill does do the one job I take it for, birth control so it gets points for that. And my periods are like clock work and usually pretty light with minimal cramping which is a plus. However,  I experience constant nausea during the first active week of every pack and during the placebo pills I&#039;m not sure why but it really sucks especially having it all day everyday. Other than that this pills is pretty decent"
"I used Soolantra for 4 weeks.  My condition significantly worsened."
"I&rsquo;ve had nexplanon for 2 years now and I absolutely love it! The first 6 months with this I had a little spotting, not much. After the 6 months I haven&rsquo;t had my period whatsoever, so a year in a half with no period. Haven&rsquo;t really had any side effect because just a little weight gain but every BC I feel like you gain a little! I highly recommend this, but everyone&rsquo;s body is different. But I love it and will keep using this! Didn&rsquo;t have to pay anything for this either!! 3 years with not buying BC ever month!"
"I lived with severe heartburn for years.  It was absolutely crippling at times.  I had to essentially watch everything I ate and drank.  Aciphex gave me my life back.  I recommend looking into it as a possible treatment."
"I used to suffer from migraines at least 2-3 times a month.  Getting through work or just typical daily tasks used to be very stressful and painful.  Taking this medication has changed my life for the better in so many ways.  Even when a migraine comes on, I know I can knock it out with this medication.  If you suffer from migraines talk to your MD about this medication.  It will change your life!"
"They do not help pain they make back pain worse"
"I had been taking Lexapro which worked very well. I had been having pains in my back and headaches for a while so my Doctor started me on Cymbalta. I must say that with the switch my pains are relieved, and my whole being is in a very good place. Thanks Cymbalta"
"I had headaches for a few months but my body got pretty used to it.  Periods were like clock work - 2 days sometimes only lasted even 1 but last year I started getting random spotting.  I told my doc I wanted to try something new as there are so many options and the random spotting wasn&#039;t making my husband happy.  So she prescribed me LO LOESTRIN.  WORST MISTAKE EVER.  First month on Lo Loestrin I didn&#039;t get my period (thought I was pregnant) second month got it twice, third month got it 3x. Was dizzy, sick to my stomach, constantly tired, started breaking out all over!  Long story short - stayed on Lo Loestrin for 5 months. Now I&#039;m back on Gianvi and happier than EVER!"
"Awful. I went to my dermatologist and she had prescribed me it in July. I have been taking it for about 3 months. It hasn&#039;t done much at all. If anything, my acne is actually starting to get worse than before. I am very disappointed. However, this worked miracles for my sister."
"After two years of going off and on the nicotine patch I attempted cold turkey. 6 hours into my cold turney attempt my husband informed me he was going to mow the lawn, my completely uncalled for hyper emotional response was to burst into tears...needless to say, I didn&#039;t respond well to the cold turkey attempt. After complexity giving up the idea of quitting, my sister informed me that she was succeeding using nicotine gum, so I gave it a try-two weeks after starting I am smoke free and have zero doubt that I will succeed! The gum takes a few days to get used to. Make sure and read the directions and follow them to a T. You&#039;re not supposed to &quot; chew&quot; this gum like regular gum. If you do, it will make you nauseous and burn your throat."
"Just started taking these pills a few weeks ago. Am on the placebo pills part of the pack now. Period has not started yet. Side effects I&#039;ve been experiencing: fatigue, nausea(non-stop), slight cramping, acne breakouts(which I&#039;ve never had an issue with before), fuller breasts, very sore/tender breasts, and my period has yet to start. However, I did have unprotected sex within the first 7 days of starting the pill. So, my symptoms could be signs of early pregnancy or adverse side effects of the pill. Will update in a few days."
"I take 150mg at night. It makes me drowsy, along with a 0.5mg alprazolam I can finally get at least 5-6 hours of sleep at night. I did not know how ill my disorder was making me until I was on this medication and the prescriber that I was seeing let me lapse because I missed my appointment for a refill. Within a couple weeks, I wanted to put my jacket on and run away, thought about running into traffic, real manic, racing thoughts while feeling depressed. I never knew how sick I was for all of those years until I was on the Trileptal and felt what &quot;healthy&quot; was like. Thankfully, found a new doctor and back on it and do not plan on stopping, ever!"
"I just started Saxenda on 9/2/16. After reading the reviews I was a little skeptical, I know side effects for weight loss medications tend to be very uncomfortable. I started on the 0.6 dosage, weighting 286 and I am now on day 6. I weighed myself this morning and I am 278.2 (7.8 pounds down). I am sure this is probably water weight, but it is still weight off so I&#039;m happy.
I try to work out or walk everyday but during the past 6 days I have only been able to make it 3 days. And my eating has not been the best either. I could only imagine what I would have lost if I was to actually stick to my healthy foods and exercise. So far I have not experienced any side effects! YAY!
I make sure to eat breakfast/lunch/dinner even if it is just fruit.."
"I&#039;m 21 and joined the Skyla club four days ago and the procedure did not hurt one bit (with the use of numbing beforehand). HOWEVER the cramps afterwards were some of the worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced. I took a muscle relaxer, cried, and laid in bed with a heating pad all day long until the pain subsided. The next day there were barely any cramps. However last night the cramps returned, they were not as painful as before but it prevented me from sleeping and they were enough to groan in pain once every 5 minutes. Today, the cramps are still there but not as bad. Im hoping the painful contraction-like cramps never return."
"I had the paraguard for 7 years. I was 20 with no children. I&#039;m also forgetful and wanted a birth control that I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking every day like the pill.I tried the depo shot but gained too much weight. I had absolutely no problems except for the fact that it was very painful when inserted, I&#039;m sure that it had something to do with me not being pregnant before. But..... I became pregnant last September. Either my iud moved because I became pregnant or because it had moved beforehand, I&#039;m not sure. Either way I couldn&#039;t feel the string and didn&#039;t schedule annual exams so I believe this caused me to become pregnant. I urge everyone with an iud to make sure you check yourself once a month and schedule exams every year!!"
"Hallucinated, would laugh hysterically for no reason for an hour, then would cry for an hour. This is only after taking one pill."
"I have nerve pain in both legs due to nerve toxicity caused by levoflox two months ago which makes my life miserable and gave me unparalled stress and insomnia. I took 75 mg lyrica twice a day and this reduced my pain almost completely. However due to several side effects I am afraid to continue taking it but I don&#039;t have a choice coz the other medicines too have as terrible side effects. Its so discouraging that so far science has not been able to find a cure. By treating a particular health problem the side effects are bringing other bothersome problems too"
"I&#039;ve been really pleased with the low blood sugar results but found that I was really tired.  I went to the doctor for an ear infection and found that I had low blood pressure.  I forgot that my high blood pressure was related to the diabetes.  Once the blood sugar levels lowered so did my high blood pressure.  Cutting back on one of my medicines gave me more energy.  I will keep an eye on my blood pressure but will definitely not give up the Victoza."
"I told my physician that I would no longer take Percocet for my chronic back pain. He suggested I try tramadol and assured me it is not a narcotic. I have been talking the tramadol now for a year and although it is no miracle drug it has managed my pain immensely. I can finally sleep at night and function normally. One down side to the drug for me is if I run out and the withdraw starts it is nasty. Be careful you stop the drug abruptly. Good health to all. Rob"
"Worse rescue inhaler ever!!!!!  I&#039;m resorting to using my nebulizer in order to get relief.  Who&#039;s bright idea was it to switch from a pump inhaler to a inhaled powder???  Half the time I don&#039;t have enough breath to inhale and I don&#039;t get a good dose, and let&#039;s not forget the fact that I have to make sure that my lips do not block the airflow window.  Unfortunately I can&#039;t even switch to a different one because my insurance will not cover any other brand.  Someone help me I can&#039;t breath and my back hurts so bad as a result."
"I am 20 years old and I had my Mirena inserted a month ago and to me personally the insertion was extremely painful. It was unlike any other painful cramp I have ever felt before, but the pain did not last for too long and after it was inserted I was fine and didn&#039;t really cramp much after. That being said, I have had no children and did not take my Advil as advised from the nurse prior to my appointment. Other than that I have only had light spotting and it has made my period lighter. Mirena is supposed to decrease your sex drive but honestly it has increased mine and my partner and I love it! I hope it stays this way and the bleeding/spotting stops soon!"
"This medication was a life saver for me as it helped me to overcome anxiety at work and allowed me to regain my focus. This also helped a lot with my irritable bowel syndrome issues! Only downfall was the first few weeks where I lost a lot of weight due to having no desire to eat and I had to switch to taking it at night because when I took it in the morning it made me dizzy and tired all day. I am taking 30mg once a day and have been on this for about 8 months. Hang in there if you just started the medication because it takes about a month to really kick in."
"Many doctors seem to be convinced that if you have an AD disorder, you simply can&#039;t get high on stimulant medications. This is NOT the case at all.

First off,  stimulant medications in general work well... very very well. 

The first day I took adderall I was at school. About an hour after I took my dose of 20mgs I started to feel this awake, alert, energetic feeling inside. I liked, a lot. For the next 5 hours all of my boring subjects became very interesting and I became a very social person. After about a month, those effects started to go away. I went to the doc and asked for a dose increase. Without any hesitation, he DOUBLED my dose to 40mg. I quickly found my self abusing adderall. 1 year later and I&#039;m now in rehab for drug abuse."
"This patch has made a SIGNIFICANT difference in my stamina. Even though I do still experience pain, it takes longer to get to intolerable, but mostly, my recovery from a taxing day is significant less. I take FAR fewer pills and was even able to stop taking Ambien. I would recommend this to ANYONE who is truly looking for a better way to take care of their pain without all the opiates. Give it time, allow it to work and if you&#039;re taking a bunch of narcotics, it may take a little time for your body to adjust to the patch and its delivery of medication. Your body&#039;s tolerance is likely very high. But, if you can make through an adjustment period, there&#039;s a good chance this can work for you, too! "
"I am a 30 year old female who has had eczema my whole life but it has gotten severely worse in the past 3 years. I have been on this medication for about 2 months now and so far it is doing well. I noticed results almost immediately and no longer cringe when I shower. But in the past 2 weeks I&#039;ve noticed a small flare up on my face coming back which I hope is only due to change of season. The flare up is very small compared to what I experienced in the past and not as itchy all the time (there is some itchiness at night) as my flare ups have been in the past."
"It works wonders."
"I must be a little strange because I thought Suprep was not that bad.  This was my first colonoscopy so I don&#039;t have any prior experience to compare it to.  Everyone told me the prep was horrible.  I took the first dose at 7pm.  Smelled and tasted like grape.  I mixed with cold, cold water.  Drank the first dose in less than 2 mins followed by 2 16oz bottles of water within 20 mins.  Made 5 or so trips to the bathroom and went to sleep around 11pm.  2nd dose was at 4am.  I was really not looking forward to the 2nd dose.  I had a slight headache and I have to say that after I drank each dose I got slightly chilled.  But, once the pooping began the chills and headache went away."
"Everyone complaining about headaches and worse pain need to toughen up and wait two weeks before giving up on Hysingla. The headaches and increased pain I think are from Norco &quot;withdrawal&quot;. Your brain just needs a week to adapt to the new dosing.
   Those complaining about it taking a long time to start working or not being consistent are of course correct. No XR meds are perfect but they prevent turmoil caused by peaks and valleys of IR meds...and that is worth it long-term.
   Give Hysingla a chance. The worst thing about my experience is that during titration the doctors are following guidelines to &quot;round down&quot; from their Norco dose. That&#039;s backwards, the does should be higher with any XR."
"Bipolar. Now on Atarax and Buspar together. Things have gotten better. No side effects except vivid dreams, if you are like me you&#039;d rather have those than anxiety."
"No trouble so far taking doxycycline after oral surgery, but tetracycline 250mg made me very, very dizzy."
"My only experience with erectile dysfunction medications has been with Levitra. Started out with 10 mg and found the side effects to be a bit too strong. The sinus thing is pretty annoying for me as it kicks into my asthma. Cutting back to 5 mg helped. Still get congestion but manageable. Erections are reliable and the bill comes on fast, usually within 30 minutes for me. Here&#039;s a money saving tip for those with insurance. Buy the higher dose pills and cut them."
"I became hyper sensitive to Seroquel around the same time my Dr. put me on mirtazapine. It took about 30 days of 30mg and one day I woke up and I felt like a veil was lifted.  I was no longer depressed. I have lost weight that I had gained from Seroquel. No side effects that I have noticed."
"I have COPD and experience many lung infections. Also allergic to penicillin.  I have used many different antibiotics and find best results with Biaxin XL  1000mg once daily.  it does not bother my stomach at all.  I usually experience relief within 2-3 days  Doctor gives me 10 day run of it... I  sometimes take prednisone along with it on a 5 day blast 30mg a day... prednisone is very good for lessening inflammation in the airways.. leaves you sleepless, a little agitated but works."
"Recommended dosage was 1 pill. No side effects but unfortunately I&#039;m still itching and uncomfortable 3 days later. I guess it didn&#039;t fully work for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin for almost 4 years and I haven&#039;t gotten my period at all while on it. I still PMS but never got my period. At first I loved not having it because of my normally heavy period. But it started to concern me and I felt uncomfortable not getting my period for so long. I also gained weight in my stomach area. I stopped taking it 2 days ago. I&#039;m not sexually active so I can&#039;t comment on that but definitely wouldn&#039;t recommend."
"simply wonderful for toothaches, muscle pain. no side effects."
"First I wish to thank those with PTSD who shared their experience with Prazosin.  I am treated by VA for PTSD w/moral injury, for Prolonged nightly Night Terrors, Night screams, kicking/running legs in deep sleep. (Vietnam Era Combat Vet)

I was placed on Prazosin nightly by my Psychiatrist about 4 years ago...at 1mg, and graduating to 6 mg by 2016.  I take Sertraline in the morning..along with two cups of strong coffee to get me into a relatively normal routine.  Sertraline helps with sudden noise anxiety and social conflict management. Prazosin causes me to crave sleep within an hour....I fall into deep sleep within minutes of lying down. The terrors and screams are very rare now.  My dog is trained to awaken me on Alarm. I am grateful."
"This medication has turned me around and I had none of the side effects. I initially requested it from my doctor because, whilst I did not really have any problems, I had a negative outlook despite trying to be positive and I was not enjoying &#039;life&#039; at all. 

It has really helped with all this and as an added bonus I feel that I have more energy. I went back to my doctor and said &quot;We hit the nail on the head&quot;. Previously I was looking for the magic vitamin pill to help reduce my stress and increase my energy levels. I tried vitamin B, Iron, and multivitamins to no avail. I no longer feel the need to take any vitamins at all. I&#039;ll continue to take this as needed and have no reservations about taking anti-depressants."
"I&#039;ve been using 40 mg of prozac daily for almost a year now, I went from the worst I&#039;ve ever been, crying all the time never being able to stop thinking about how much I hated myself life and everything about life, I was not eating, was so full of rage and hate and had the most negative mindset towards everything, like every second of my life was hell and pointless seeming, I wished I was dead (although would never actually kill myself for my families sake) and after about 2 or 3 weeks of taking the prozac everything got so much better it was like it flipped a switch in my head and the negative thoughts went away and I actually felt good and happy which I thought was so impossible to feel, taking these meds was the best thing I&#039;ve ever done"
"37 inflamed and 18 painful joints before my first dose.
2 months later, 4 inflamed and 2 painful joints
6 months later, 2 inflamed and 1 sore joint!
The best RA drug I have taken to date.
I have been on the drug for 6 years.
I had been suffering from RA since 1987!"
"I&#039;ve been on the medicine for 3 weeks and lost 8 pounds.  I would love to continue.  However, possible side effects of this medication are depression, mental confusion, suicidal thoughts, etc.  I have struggled in the past with depression.  This medicine has has ignited a fire in my brain.  I am at the point where I seriously think I&#039;m going crazy.  I urge you to disclose fully to your doctor if you suffer from chronic depression and urge you to reconsider taking this medicine.  I begged my husband to commit me yesterday, that was my mental state.  I&#039;m seeing my doctor Monday to figure out a different course of action now."
"I&#039;ve been taking Benicar HCT 40/25 for a couple of years my blood pressure has gone down. Then I started having trouble with some side effects rapid heartbeat and some thyroid issues."
"Had insertion May/2013 to help with heavy periods, only issue is hair loss.  Now looking back, hair loss started within a few weeks of insertion.  Going next week to have device removed.  No other option, need to stop hair loss."
"Took this for allergies and to help me sleep.  I had the best sleep I&#039;ve had in years, BUT I was so groggy and hazy during the day that I stopped taking it after 2 nights.  This certainly works for allergies (no more sneezing or itchy-watery eyes), but I wouldn&#039;t take it if you have small children or a day job.  I had such a hard time keeping my eyes open at work."
"I took Latuda 20mg po qd for 3wk out of 4wk I got Rx for. During the 1st wk , I felt better.  In the 3rd wk,  I increasingly felt weak, &quot;drugged&quot; and unable to function. My BP remained normal. At no time, did Latuda helped with my chief symptom -sleeplessness."
"I had Mirena inserted today. It was fast and zero pain. First i was nervous because of the reviews i reqd but mine was pretty quick, less than 5 minutes. No cramping, a small spotting and thats it!"
"I was sceptical about taking meds such as this.  However, I had been dealing with so much stress that it had taken a toll on me and life seemed to be falling apart, even though I was always everyone turned to.  My doctor prescribed 10mg once daily and it has been a miracle.  I did cut back to only 5mg a day and take it at night, as it does make me sleepy.  I am so much happier, more energy and a different outlook.  I am 39yrs old and feel like it again.  Only been on the med 3wks and I have nothing negative to say."
"I suffer from neck and back issues with my spine and I have tried many different pain medications and procedures but the one where I got the most relief is Opana. Sometimes the pain is so bad that Opana or my breakthrough medication do not control it. Maybe 6 to 10 times a week."
"Works wonders with me. ."
"Try it and see for yourself!!!"
"My physician has told me to take 3.0 one time per week for weight loss.  Nurse did first injection yesterday in the office at 9:30 am.  By 1 pm, I started vomiting and haven&#039;t stopped.  I am scared because the medication is in my body and I don&#039;t know how long this will last.  I do not have nausea.  I just have sudden-onset vomiting."
"I started taking abilify generic about a month ago. I didn&#039;t realize how depressed physically and mentally I was. I have more mental and physical  to do things. I take 30 mgs along with 800 tegreol, 300 Wellbutrin, 60 cymbalta. I&#039;m still having mild mood swings but most of my depression and hypo mania is gone. No side effects. Hope I can take this for a long time. Good luck to you all."
"I recently had the implant put in and would like to share my first thoughts; I plan to do an update in 3-6 months. The initial pain of having the implant inserted was mild - I would rate it even less painful than a shot. Your arm will be sore for a few days and there will be bruising, but nothing to get excited about. It has now been 2 weeks and I can&#039;t even tell that it is there except when I feel for the implant on purpose. My doctor warned of immediate and persistent bleeding/spotting, but I haven&#039;t experienced that so far. I&#039;ve been losing weight for the past few months (on purpose) and haven&#039;t noticed a difference since the implant. No major issues with acne. Everybody is different, but don&#039;t let the negative reviews scare you!"
"I&#039;m in my 30s and got cystic acne due to beauty medical treatment that stimulated my pimples. Spoken to my cousin who is a Dermatologist suggested me to use Tretinoin cream at night which I tried last night 22.11.17 however I have tried and used so many products already and almost gave up until my Mom&#039;s friend advised me to try crushed aspirin which I apply as mask on areas where I needed it and its a blessing coz its the only thing that actually works."
"Taking 10 mg* Paroxetine for hot flashes and night sweats. The first day I took it I saw results that night. The only side effect that I&#039;ve noticed is occassional  nausea."
"My 6 yr old son started showing signs of ADHD a year ago. He is in kindergarten and he has 3 types of days green- good, yellow-not the best, red-bad day. Every week he was coming home with 2 yellow days a week for calling out and being disruptive for the last 7 months. He started taking Focalin XR 10mg and has a green day everyday since he started the medication. His teachers say how much better he has been at school and he doesn&#039;t run a muck through the house anymore. I&#039;m so happy we found Focalin."
"After reading many reviews I decided to give liletta a try. I just got it yesterday. I was pretty nervous and anticipated the pain to be close to labor pains. It was the complete opposite! I had no pain whatsoever nor cramps. I had just started my first post pregnancy cycle two days before and was so close to canceling my appt. My doctor reassured me getting an IUD during your cycle was just fine. I&#039;m so glad I did not cancel. The insertion took about 5 mins and my cycle seemed to have stopped by the time I got home. I have not had any spotting or any other side effects yet. I will give an update in about 6 months."
"I loved this medication, but sadly after taking it for 2 weeks I had the worst menstrual pain in my life. So I re-tried it after that time of the month and the next menstrual cycle was the same, but this medicine made the panic attacks go away, I slept well, my appetite improved, and my mood lifted. The first week is the worst. On it you feel like a zombie but that goes away. I tried all the SSRI&#039;s and they made me SO sick...severe nausea, diarrhea, headaches, sweating, felt crazy, made my panic very severe. I wish so much that I could take Remeron it would have saved my life I am sure I felt great on it except the menstrual side effects and the doctor said I couldn&#039;t take it for that reason."
"I JUST STARTED TAKING SUBOXONE YESTERDAY AND I AM NOT FEELING AS BAD AS I WAS FOR THE PAST 2 WEEKS - GOING FROM 200MG METHADONE A DAY TO NONE.  I AM ONLY TAKING 1  SUBOXONE TABLET A DAY.  I AM HOPEFUL THAT THIS MEDICATION WILL HELP ME LIKE IT HAS HELPED Y ou ALL."
"I started Effexor after the birth of my first child due to post-partum depression. I have never been severely depressed prior to this. My doctor first prescribed Zoloft which did not help at all. After two weeks, I was put on Effexor and started feeling better within a few days. The only side effect that I ever noticed was having no sex drive at all. I stopped taking it after a year (I tapered so I did not notice any withdrawal symptoms everyone talks about) and was recently put back on it due to some family issues pushing me back into a depression. The first few days are rough but I&#039;ve been on it for a week now and I do feel a difference. My anxiety and mood has improved and I can actually function. This medicine works great for me."
"I&#039;ve started on the 10 mg. So far so good. I got the first 10 for free. I&#039;ve tried it with other sleep meds, it seems to perform better with a small amount of Halcion. I think it would perform as good by itself maybe at 
15 mg. I&#039;m going to try one more round of 10 tabs (likely the 15 mg). I don&#039;t think anything past 20 mgs,
would be advisable. I also have little or no hang over as long as I dose around 10 pm and wake up at 7 am.
I rate it an 8 right now because it requires a lot of forethought to stay on schedule. It&#039;s about as effective as halcion but you reach more rem state sleep and experience very little amnesia like one would on halcion."
"So right now, I&#039;m only on week two of course in about two months I will give an update. I&#039;m taking 100mg a day and I am at the awkward stage of the major flare up. My face looks horrible, but I have read reviews saying it&#039;s going to take about 4 months to work, I guess I can go 4 months. I also read about the long periods or bleeding everyday, which surprisingly I don&#039;t have an issue with. I am on the nuvo ring and  I swear by it, I&#039;ve been on it for 9 years and no matter what medication I take, I&#039;m not bleeding unless I take the ring out, and as soon as I put it back in I stop bleeding. I&#039;m hoping by my 30th B-Day in Jan I will have clear skin. I also suffer from chin hairs, so I hope these meds help with that as well. update coming soon."
"I have been on Xulane for six months now, and I&#039;m sticking with the patch. Before Xulane I was taking the Depo shot and I had my period for 3months, it was horrible. On Xulane, I do get mood swings, and since  I seem to be tires a lot. I&#039;ve also gained some noticable wait. These would be the only cons, besides that I love the fact I only have to change the patch once a week, and my period always comes the week when the patch is not required. I&#039;ve always got my period for nine days now my period is only 5 days. I love it !"
"Paragard Update: It&#039;s been exactly 2 months since I&#039;ve have my Paragard placed. Pros: don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill daily anymore, no hormonal side effects, &amp; most importantly, no pregnancy :). Cons: I can feel the presence of the IUD during sex every now and then, or randomly if I cough or laugh. My Gyno/other IUD users I know said my body needs more time to adjust, but I hate feeling it. Another con is the heavy bleeding (went from 3-4 days pds. to 1 week pds.), but that should also adjust over time. I can&#039;t say I love it yet, but I&#039;m willing to give it more time. No birth control method is perfect, but you have to be willing to give it a shot if the pros outweigh the cons. In my opinion, nothing&#039;s worse than that pill!"
"This is a wonderful drug for when my Allegra doesn&#039;t fully control my AR symptoms. It makes me feel sleepy and a bit dizzy, but it&#039;s totally worth it. Just don&#039;t take this drug if you have to drive anywhere."
"I have had severe migraines all my life (35 yrs) tried every other medicine out there- this is the ONLY medicine that works 100% of the time with no bad side effects. All the other medicines had side effects and didn&#039;t even take away the headache more than 50%! They ARE discontinuing prescribing this for migraines this year. When they do- I do not know what I will do besides lay in bed all day because Fiorinal is the only thing that makes me able to function when I have a migraine."
"I&#039;ve had two shots already, and so far it&#039;s been almost perfect. I actually switched to this because I&#039;m slightly underweight and I&#039;ve heard many stories about women gaining weight on the shot, so I switched in hopes that I would. So far I haven&#039;t noticed any significant weight gain, the only side effects I&#039;ve had are headaches for about the first week after getting the shot and I started getting acne on my face. I&#039;ve never had acne, so this was kind of disappointing for me. It&#039;s nice not having to remember to take a pill every day and my periods are already almost non-existent. Plus my insurance covers this so the prescription is free and there&#039;s no fee when I go to get the shot!"
"Within 2 hours of taking the first dose, I had a persistent out of the blue cough and my lungs were feeling heavy and hurting. It was scary. I called the Dr. next morning and they switched me to Dulfuran I think, I&#039;m picking it up today. I&#039;m NOT dealing with that crazy cough for a whole week. And these other reviews sound like it would only get even worse."
"I have only been taking this drug for two weeks but I believe it has saved my life. I have taken so many drugs that did not work I could hardly believe this began working in just over a week. My severe depression has not gone completely but the change is huge in such a short time. I think the doctor will probably increase my dose, only on 75mg daily, and I am hopeful I will be in total remission quite soon. "
"Reduction in urination frequency has been a welcome effect however retrograde ejaculation and congestion have been unwelcome side effects."
"I don&#039;t feel any different taking this medicine. I feel the same way on it as I do off it. I am going to ask my doctor to change me to something else."
"I was on Orthocept for about 4 months and for the first 2 and 1/2-3 months it was great! It regulated my periods, and they only lasted 2-3 days which was awesome! I did have worse cramps then I did when I wasn&#039;t on the pill but they tended to last only about 2 days. I had to quit Orthocept when I was just about finished my 4th pack because I found that it was like I was PMSing for 3 weeks at a time and my period wouldn&#039;t stop. When I first started the pill it was  phenomenal and never once did I feel like I would get pregnant even without using a condom (I always took my pill within 5 minutes of the same time everyday). I highly recommend this, I know everyone&#039;s experience will be very individual but I loved it for the first while."
"This medicine has been a game changer for me. At first I was terrified of taking this drug.  After reading Catholic Guide to Depression and much prayer I had the courage to take the medicine.  I&#039;m so glad I did.  It actually reduced &quot;body aches&quot;. I&#039;m running  again, 6 days a week.    It&#039;s not a miracle pill, but a fantastic tool in defeating depression and body aches. Peace!"
"I&#039;ve had this since 2002 and had an okay experience but recently, I got diagnosed high blood preasure 214/115 (normal 120/70) when I was in with a nasty headache. Thinking back I&#039;ve had headache on and off for about 3 years and now I&#039;m connecting the two, so please beware and check with you doctor!
I&#039;m sorry to say that I will remove it to see if it changes it."
"Helps take the edge off anxiety to where I can control it better. Also helps my social anxiety a lot and little with obsessive compulsive disorder. Overall it helps a lot!"
"My vjay jay is still on fire more than 2 hours later. It&#039;s my birthday today and am not having a fun time. Monistat, NEVER again!!"
"This drug has destroyed my Achilles Tendon. Be warned not to take it as this could happen to you too. It is not a &#039;rare&#039; side effect and tens of thousands more more reliving with this effect. It is time they took this drug off the market. So many people online are affected with permanent injuries from this drug and it&#039;s sister medications, Avelox and Levaquin. Cipro and it&#039;s sister medication are shown to cause Collage and Tendon destruction and &#039;mitochondrial toxicity&#039; in research. Avoid. Losing my ability to work. This means huge financial losses for me and my young family."
"After trying a few different medicines (with no benefits)  my doctor pulled out the big guns and gave me Clomipramine. I have severe OCD but the purely obsessional (intrusive thoughts). I used to be a checker and handwasher though. 

I took it for over 1 year, Unfortunately Clomipromine did nothing for me on 250 mg, which is pretty much the highest dose you can take. I did not have alot of side effects except dry mouth when I was on it. 

I quit taking it after I ran out on a holiday weekend and saw the withdrawal symptoms, severe nausea. And even when tapering slowly off it over the course of months I still had terrible withdrawals (vomiting and nausea).

"
"I&#039;m on Depokote 250mg in the morning and 500mg at night. I am also on olanzapine 5mg and fluoxetine 20mg which works wonders together. I have bipolar and whilst on Depokote suffered a bad spell of depression so was put on fluoxetine which has changed my life, I&#039;m such a happier calmer person now."
"I had the implant fitted in May last year due to not being able to take the combined pill as I suffer with Migraines and was advised to try the implant. It does  the job when it comes to contraception but the side effects are hard!! I&#039;ve experienced spotting ever since having it fitted so was put on the mini pill as well to control it (worst idea ever, too many hormones!!!) . I&#039;ve also been struggling with terrible acne on my face, neck and back. Even with the help of other medication from the doctors, nothing has helped and it&#039;s starting to get me down. I will be having this removed within the next couple of weeks :("
"I started taking Benicar once daily last summer after being diagnosed with High Blood Pressure.  I am 100 lbs overweight and this trip to the doctor for HBP began my quest for weight loss surgery.  Benicar was working okay initially but cardiologist finally put me on Benicar HCT to help with the water retention. BEST CHOICE EVER!  I couldn&#039;t believe how great I felt.  Felt like a 20 something year old again.  Had my lap band surgery in January and now I&#039;m down 40 lbs since last summer and guess what? No more Benicar HCT.  However I do carry it with me per my cardiologist&#039;s advice if I experience any further HBP problems. I highly recommend Benicar HCT.  Have told my brothers and my mother to all ask their doctors about it."
"The first month from 179 lbs down to 161lbs= 15 mg the whole time. 

Now using 30 mg and the first 8 days. 
From 161 lbs to 154lbs. It would make me very happy if I can make it the next 3 weeks down to 145 lbs. Then I have prescription for 37mg the last month. If I will make it down to 130 lbs in June, well I can&#039;t ask for more."
"Allergic reaction"
"I&#039;ve had an over active bladder  for years and have had several medications with little effect. Then came the suggestion of Botox.  My Doctor provided me with almost zero counselling on the effects.  THEN, just as I was about to be put under, she asked me how much Botox did I want her to administer.  Dah!....   should that be my decision????  I wish I had never heard of Botox.  I had the Botox treatment on July 1, 2016 and  it&#039;s now Jan. 10,  and I have not been able to urinate without a catheter since which OVER 6 months now.  Beware, Beware."
"I have been on Neurontin for about a year now.  I started with 300 mg. a day and now take 400 mg a day.  This medicine has given me my life back.  I was having 4-6 headaches a month, each lasting 1-4 days.  I was taking Zomig 4-6 times a month along with Excedrin Migraine and Fiorinal.  Now I only get 1-2 headaches a month and they are very mild.  I can usually get rid of them with one dose of Excedrin Migraine or Fiorinal.  Side effects are weight gain and some slight brain &quot;fuzziness&quot; but nothing serious. I had previously tried a beta blocker and an antidepressant and the side effects were horrible, plus I still had the headaches.  I am very happy with Neurontin."
"Lyrica seems to help with the pain, but it also has an effect of making my hands shake"
"It took about five days to get into my system. It was around the holidays and it really helped. My confidence seemed to have changed for the better. I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for 4 months. I still have a bad day every now and again but they are not severe as they were and I tolerate them much better."
"Great for chronic pain. Tough withdrawal. Patches can fall off without use of clear tape. You don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill on time. Low to no breakthrough pain."
"I am a critical care nurse for over 7 years. I have given prep to hundreds of patients over the years, this is my first self experience. At 28 years old, I have to have a colonoscopy and EGD for abdominal pain and bloody stools for over 3 weeks. I have a pretty diverse palate and eat some crazy things, but this: HORRIBLE! I choked down every swig. Smells half decent, tastes terrible. Called my doctor and there really isn&#039;t any other prep available. So, I did what I had to do. I will say, the effects weren&#039;t terrible. No cramping. No bloating. Only nausea was the gagging to get it down. A few watery stools. I understand it&#039;s most likely because of the electrolyte mix, but O. M. G! Something needs to be done about the taste! Indescribable!"
"Used nuvessa a few nights ago for recurrent BV . Has worked so far. If it does not come back I will get back on and give it a 10 rating. My prob is it always comes back. Will let you know later...."
"I have just started taking the z-pack a few days ago and am already starting to feel A LOT better! I have sinusitus, an ear ache that was caused by a middle ear infection and so far, the pains are a lot more tolerant! THANK YOU Z-PACK!!"
"I was on the patch for about 4 years and I absolutely loved it. They switched from the Ortho Evra to the Xulane and I loved them both. Xulane is just a little smaller and sticks a lot better. I had no bad side effects, I bled for about 3 days every month after taking off my patch. I recently switched to Skyla and I am having horrible cramps with it. I am looking forward to switching back to the patch soon."
"I got prescribed microbid. read all kind of review good and bad ones. Decides to give it a try. Ate like a pig and took the pill. I got so sick. I was light headed (like I consumed all kind of drugs) had sharp pain in my stomach. Got a fever. My back...ohh my back killed me. And I had difficulties breathing. Felt like I got kicked by a horse. I called sick 2 days in a row for work. And I only took 2 pills. Im stopping it. Gonna end up in the coffin much faster with that medication, I was all normal before taking that medication with a bit of UTI...now feel like I&#039;m a rotten vegetable :("
"I was given 10mg and a week later he went up to 20mg. So far I have had constant yawning, sweating attacks, nausea and now diarrhea. I also have problems sleeping at night and this made me tired in afternoon, but I now split dose, 1 before bed and one when I get up...that has helped the symptoms and they are less bothersome now. The sweating is the worst, I ordered Odaban and it is wonderful! You can even apply it to your face and head and that is where I sweat. I have not have any more feelings of doom and  gloom and excessive worrying. I feel like I am getting back to normal but it&#039;s been 2 weeks and I&#039;m not there yet. So I guess so far so good."
"Seems to be working for me."
"I have schizoaffective disorder. Got most of the &#039;call your doctor&#039; side effects. Was so cold, I was freezing in a tub of scalding water. Body aches were worse than the time I broke my arm. Couldn&#039;t stop shaking or twitching. 
i am absolutely terrified of this medication."
"Good for my mood swings. Evens me out mentally. Anxiety decrease. 
Decrease of libido 90%"
"It seems like every time, I go to get my injections now, after all the injections(usually 40-45). That evening, I start with the worst headache ever and keep it for ( this time - Injections were on Friday 7/15 and today is 7/20). I&#039;ll probably have to go get a shot of Depakote to kill it on 7/21.I take topomax 200 mg. A day as a preventive, but I don&#039;t know.
My doctor doesn&#039;t want to give me migraine meds., due to the fact I&#039;m on so many medications already. Hrs worried about stroke or heart attack, because of my Bp and chronic pain meds., and leaky heart valves.
I&#039;m just sick of headaches all the Damn time."
"I suffer from generalized anxiety, and my phichiatrist prescribed me 10mg Paxil even though I already take 25mg of seroquel. I took it on Friday Morning was good all day. I took it on Saturday, I was a bit sluggish. Sunday morning I took it at church I felt a sudden cold sensation of  the back of my head and down my back. I had to leave early because I started to feel weird. Around 3am I woke up feeling scared out my mind for no reason. I couldn&#039;t go back to sleep. The next day I spend all day anxious than at night after I took the seroquel. I was still anxious I laid down and started getting sleepy. My husband was holding me and when I opened my eyes a few seconds later my entire body was tingling. It was one of the worst feelings  ever."
"This is my second time trying this medication. The first time I was not ready and didn&#039;t really make any lifestyle changes and didn&#039;t lose weight. So my Dr recommend it again and even said that he was going to take it too. That had me motivated and needless to say when I went back for my month follow up, he walked right past me because he said he almost didn&#039;t recognize me. I have been on this medication for about 6 months and I&#039;m down 37lbs! Largest weight loss in my life!! I started at 264lb. I don&#039;t exercise but I have been practicing clean eating. Only eating salmon and no other meat, and eating veggies and fruit. It&#039;s been working.... and my Dr is also down some lbs!!!"
"This is absolutely the WORST birth control I have taken in my life. I switched to Junel Fe, because my previous birth control wasn&#039;t a high enough dosage to even slightly relieve my horrible periods. Not even 3 days after starting taking it I literally cry for no reason and I am very emotional and irritable. This pill turned me psycho. Do NOT recommend it at all."
"I had mine implanted  about 2 years ago. The insertion was easy, the only pain was from the numbing needle which wasn&#039;t hardly any pain at all. I don&#039;t have periods, just light spotting every now and then. My face dies break out now and then nothing crazy. The only downside is that I have completely lost my libido. I am 30 years old and used to have a high sex drive and now my sex drive is non existent. Which is why I am planning to have this removed as soon as possible because I&#039;m tired of living like this."
"Worked very well for intrusive thoughts OCD for 5 months and then when I missed dosages and tried starting back on it again it stopped working. Other than that I had no problems with Zoloft."
"I have migraine 8 years now every day I only started atenolol 2 weeks now since I started I have not gotten one migraine so its working for me"
"Tried it for a month. For me it was ineffective."
"Hi I am a 28 year old female. I started taking this pill 5/9/2010 and went in at a weight of 248lbs. Went back in on 6/21/10 and lost 8 pounds. It seems to be working very well and I just feel anxious sometimes but overall I have a lot of energy. We shall see when I go in next month and I&#039;m also on a 1200 calorie diet which is working well for me along with exercise."
"I had been in bed depressed for like six months. I had tried several antidepressants that did not help for some reason. My Dr.@ the time gave me samples of Fetzima. I had never heard of it. So over time it began to work and it was a miracle for me because I had literally given up on life itself. I was thinking about changing because I have severe back pain and some antidepressants say they help with physical pain but I think of how far I&#039;ve come from being suicidal and not able to get out of bed or stop crying. I will stick with the Fetzima. Thanks who ever makes it you helped me a great deal. I say the good out weighs the small side effects I get like sweats &amp; back pain. Worth a try."
"I take the XR, and it allows me to focus throughout the day at work and in classes. I can actually sit down and complete a task, I can get something done (for once), and the only side effects I really experienced were a bit of dry mouth at first and some continued loss of appetite. Otherwise, completely effective. Unfortunately, my insurance company only covers the brand name. Otherwise, it would be much, much cheaper. It&#039;s the brunt of my monthly prescription costs."
"Do NOT take this medication. I am 22 years old and have been on the pill since 16. I was having intense menstrual bleeding so my doctor prescribed me a higher dose and ended up giving me this brand. It did not help my cramps what so ever and it made me very emotional. I lost all of my sex drive and became very dry down there. The most scary part is yet to come...  A month and a half into it I became EXTREMELY dizzy and light headed. I decided to finish up the month then get off of it. However 2 weeks off of it and I am still extremely dizzy and lightheaded. I have gotten every blood test and nothing comes up. I have seen that several other women experienced pulmonary embolism in the lungs and will be getting this checked out. DO NOT USE!"
"I got prescribed this to take every 6 hours for a week after getting my second ever UTI 2 weeks after trimethoprim cleared up my first. About an hour after taking it I get a bit nauseous, have a bit of a headache and feel a bit tired, but it&#039;s 100x better than having a UTI. Would take it again."
"my first week using this medicine I lose 5 pounds with out excise im on day three and my stomach going down I don&#039;t have no side effects yet because I drink two cups a pill then eat something a drink another cup it&#039;s lower my blood pressure really good but if I lay down I get a little tired thts it"
"It is good when it comes to controlling urges to use heroin. A very good medication, I have not yet gone through withdrawal symptoms."
"I am on 6mg of the 24hour release ropinirole and I think I&#039;ve found the solution. I take 2mg in the afternoon then 4mg an hour before bed and after living with restless legs syndrome for 45 years driving me insane for many years I actually think I may have found the solution, highly recommended."
"Don&#039;t use this if you have an addictive personality...almost killed me"
"Started taking Fortesta at 59 yrs.  Low energy levels and the tests revealed a problem with T levels.  Do have more energy.  Do sometimes experience a shaky feeling during the day.  Have reduced the amount to try to reduce the shaky part.  Still a positive experience.  I think you have to decide what levels to take based on your experience and not necessarily by the lab results.  Glad to have this as an option.  Some seem to think the higher the better, but I think the side effects of that mentality could be dangerous.  I&#039;m going to take the least amount that gives the desired results.  And... increased libido is nice, but that wasn&#039;t the reason for the medication!"
"I will be suffering from my back pain and take lortab 10/500 and within 20 minutes I&#039;m back to living life pain free and puts me in a great mood. Best pain killer out there. I&#039;ve tried vicodin and norco and percocets and they work okay but I love my lortab. I highly recommend for lower back pain."
"My period was late for 1 week, besides that it is working for me"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for over three months and Tri-Spintec has good and bad aspects. The good thing is its contraceptive. The not so good things are: my period lasts about ten days; I have really bad mood swings before; it causes nausea and lastly my acne has gotten worse. I used Ortho Tri-Cyclen since I was nineteen and it was absolutely wonderful. "
"I was prescribed trazodone at 20 years old for depression I took it for 21 years I was also an alcoholic for 21 years my blood pressure was so high the doctor had to change my medication I was petrified as I&#039;d relied on trazodone for so long within 3 weeks taking a new anti depressant metrazapine I&#039;d become the teetotaler  that was over 3 years ago can&#039;t stand smell of alcohol I was a chronic alcoholic all them years 4 residential rehabilitations even embarrassed as I am to admit it but 4 pregnancys didn&#039;t stop my dependency I say it had the opposite effect on me why a GP didn&#039;t pick up on it I really don&#039;t know"
"I had been off birth control for about a year when I decided I wanted to go back on it. My doctor recommended Reclipsen; she believe it would clear up the little bit of acne that I had on my cheeks and forehead. I took Reclipsen for 4 months in total and it was a nightmare. The first month my breasts were extremely tender. They were tender to the point that it was painful to sleep in various positions and I could hardly exercise due to the pain. By month 2 I started to feel like my whole body was swollen. My face also looked swollen, and my acne actually became much worse! I lost my sex drive and felt miserable. I stopped taking it because I felt like I was becoming a monster! Lutera was much better for me, so I&#039;m back to that!"
"This medicine is a life saver. As soon as I start taking the medicine, I seen an immediate response. I love it."
"This was awful! I got my first shot at UVA two days after my first baby was born. They pushed it in me and didn&#039;t mention any side effects. Stopped bleeding (from giving birth) three weeks later. After about a week it started again and hasn&#039;t stopped. I got a second shot because they told me that can happen from my body getting used to the hormones. But I never went back for my third. Over six months later, I&#039;m still bleeding, almost a month after I should&#039;ve gone in for a third shot. I don&#039;t know what to do. It&#039;s exhausting. I&#039;m constantly tired, moody and depressed and I want to eat everything in sight! I wouldn&#039;t recommend this method of birth control for anyone!"
"I also have Fibromyalgia and Stenosis, and for five years my doctors prescribed many different medications.....finally I have a combination that puts me to sleep, KEEPS me asleep (before I&#039;d wake up a dozen times a night) and I have NO side effects. I&#039;m taking 90mg of Cymbalta once a day, 7.5 Norco three times a day, 10mg Valium three times a day and Elavil 25mg at bed time. I still have pain and stiffness but I can sleep thru the night. My mood has improved and I&#039;m better able to deal with my health issues and life situations. It took a long time to get to this point but it was well worth the wait as I am sleeping 8-10 hours a night now, my dark circles are nearly gone and I&#039;m happier because I feel rested."
"So I gave it an ok review score because it did make feel less depressed. However, as a whole I think cymbalta is bad for you and can lead to terrible health consequences. The side effects I experienced while taking the drug (30 mgs for 6 months) were horrible and I gained a ton of weight which didn&#039;t help the initial cause of me wanting to take the drug - depression (when you don&#039;t feel confident your less happy, what can I say). A few lbs to become a happier person is ok, but it really made me gain weight and also made me tired, nausea, sweaty, and experience muscle spasms. Along with this, withdrawing was horrible. I wish big pharma would be less money hungry and focus on creating effective medications with reduced side effects."
"No problem at all tastes watered down cough syrup.Get it cold 1st and don&#039;t stop drinking until its gone be by the toilet in about 10 min after drinking the prep and drink lots of water.Its all over in about 2hrs"
"I have been on depo since I was 16 and I am now 21 years old. I have had a great experience overall with the shot. When I first got the shot I did bleed/spot for almost a month straight. The bleeding did go away and now it only occurs when I am due for my shot. It has been awesome to not have a period and not worry about taking a pill, but I have heard it is not good for you after a certain amount of years so I am having to find another source of birth control."
"I used to be on 200mg of sertraline but after 12 years on this medicine I started having severe problems with anxiety after a good friend&#039;s death, this eventually led to a near breakdown 3 years later when my anxiety became so bad I could barely function.  My Dr suggested I switch to escitalopram.  I was terrified of making this switch &amp; put it off for weeks but eventually decided to &#039;take the plunge&#039;. 4 days later and my anxiety levels are already reducing HUGELY! I wish I&#039;d taken this sooner &amp; can&#039;t believe how easy the switch was. I literally stopped taking my 200mg of sertraline one day and started taking 20mg of escitalopram the next. This stuff&#039;s a life saver!"
"Good pill, does what it&#039;s supposed to- protects from pregnancy. Clears acne. Regulates periods. BUT mood swings were definitely noticed, and a small weight gain (10lbs or less). I had always weighed around 130 and have been 140 with the pill, and extremely moody- extremely happy or extremely sad- no medium. Every person will have different reactions obviously, just sharing my own experiences."
"I&#039;ve taken Belviq for 7 days now &amp; I&#039;m down 7lbs. Belviq is wonderful! I recommend this to anyone who wants to lose weight."
"On a minimum dose had significant memory problems and depression (lost 16 pounds)."
"I am in the same situation as above.  This is my fifth day of having hemorrhoids and have used ALL the over the counter medicines.  Proctofoam seems like it helps more.  This is my first day of use, so hopefully the swelling subsides soon.  Definitely better though."
"If I could give a rating of 0, I would.  I had very heavy bleeding from fibroid.    It was supposed to slow down bleeding and shrink fibroid. This drug made it worse. And the fibroid did not shrink.  Terrible experience."
"Have been taking Saxenda since mid July 2015. Starting weight 303 lbs. Very few side affects, maybe some nausea for a day at each dose increase but nothing at all since then. Along with the medication have been carefully controlling calorie intake, which has been made much easier with Saxenda, and exercising frequently. Total weight loss is 40 lbs, however I have been at a plateau for about a month. Will stay on the medication and work on ways to break through this plateau."
"It only made the pain in my arm mild.  It did not go away.  I am in school and do a lot of typing and my arm, shoulder and sometimes fingers experience lots of pain so my doctor gave me these pills.  They do not work well for me because I still feel the aches and pain just not as bad.  When I take two, I get sleepy, take a nap then I can operate almost pain free for at least 4-5 hours."
"I am not one to write reviews, but I&#039;m compelled to warn others about the serious side effects I&#039;ve experienced. I took Gianvi after I took Yaz, and because both pills contain the same amount of hormones, I thought that I will have the same, fine experience with Gianvi as I did with Yaz. Upon my first week into the pill, I became depressed and dealt with some serious anxiety. These mental symptoms only worsened as the days progressed and as I approached the end of the pack, I suffered constant suicidal thoughts. Once I realized that this pill was the cause of my madness, I immediately stopped. It&#039;s been 2 days since I last took the pill and I feel better already. Also, the pill did nothing for my moderately to severe acne."
"I did not think it would work but let me tell you I&#039;M A BELIEVER!!!  IT WORKS !! GET IT TODAY DO YOUR SELF A FAVOR!"
"I brought this dam combo set because it was a three day pack. I&#039;m currently on antibiotics am naturally I got a yeast infection. So of course I had to do smething. OMG I used this crap an the second I put it on I was itching so damN bad I wanted to take off my vagina and throw it away. I took a shower an now I wanna cry. $20 to make this infection worse I so wanna sue those jerks. Now I&#039;m sitting here with a dang ice pack. So I went from burning and itching to freezing my crotch off. Never never again."
"It doesn&#039;t work that great for pain but it does wonders for restless leg syndrome and stuff similar to that"
"This product works well with my high cholesterol great medicine"
"I was prescribed Prozac for clinical depression, the unfortunate side effect of Prozac is insomnia. So I was prescribe Trazodone. 

The awesome: I fall asleep within 20 min of taking it. 25mg = 4 hrs sleep, 50mg = 8 hrs sleep. If I have a potty break in the middle of the night I can fall back to sleep in short order. 

The not-awesome: I feel like I&#039;m slightly drunk/high/off the next day. I mean I guess that&#039;s awesome if you don&#039;t have a job that requires critical thinking in a B2B environment, but since I do, I can&#039;t continue to take it &amp; function at the level I need to at work."
"My dad is in the last stages of congestive heart failure. This mainly means he still functions as much as he can but will continue to degrade. His heart seemed to hurt very consistently. His Dr. gave him Nitro-bid. He applied it as a cream to the chest area 1 or 2 times a day. After less than 2 months he was only using it as needed which was perhaps 1-2 times a month. A very good, fast acting addition to comfort care."
"I&#039;ve taken contrave because when I took the first pill,a few hours later I had the worst headache but I had read and understand the side effects. I continued until day 4 and the headaches got worse. My hands were shaking,I had lost my appetite completely. Being that I work in pharmacy both the pharmacist an technicians expressed their concerns from the moment I decided to fill my prescription. I just kept on getting this bad feeling during those 4days I had taken contrave. I later come to find out that contrave controls some of your brain function that sends signals to your stomach so it thinks you have no appetite. But while its doing that to your nuero functions it can also cause you to have seizures. I hate this,medication, never again."
"I have two ruptured discs in my back which cause severe pain.  Lortab has been a great pain reliever.  I would recommend it to anyone with a severe pain problem."
"For years I had been battling behavior problems with my son who is now 10. He was not a bad child but had no concentration span, would fidget, annoy others and was falling way behind children the same age as him. Finally we managed to get him seen by a specialist. He is now been on Ritalin 15mg for 4 months and the change is unbelievable. He is already catching up with his school work, making more friends as he understands them better and is generally just more content and happy. At first he was teary and clingy when first put on them but that soon went. The only down for my son is that he is not as hungry as he used to be and lost a lot of weight in the beginning but is steadily putting it back on now."
"I have been a longtime user of valium for ptsd brought on by wartime experience. about 10 yrs ago had to get new dr.who took me off of valium because dr said I was to old for medication.  I started having problems again and dr would not put me back on which really irritated me.  He put me on medications and nothing would help and many of them would make me feel like a zombie.  Time for new dr. and this one told me to try this propranolol.  He gave me a real light dose of 20 miligrams and since I have high blood pressure anyways I decided to give it a try but really did not think it would help.  Bingo propranolol worked and did not have any side affects. works 100 % of the time and has added enjoyment back in my life.  The VA pays for this."
"I am eight and a half months pregnant and I took a 2 pill dose today.  About an hour or two later I woke up with intense abdominal pain. At first I just thought I had to use the bathroom and when that didn&#039;t help I started to cry. And pray. I recently felt some diarrhea so I handled that and then took a hot shower. it&#039;s about 3 or 4 hours since I took the pills and the pain has subsided a little."
"I&#039;ve used it for my son and it obviously works the way it should. "
"I have had great results from this medication for my depression and also my anxiety. I did not experience the &quot;dumbing&quot; down that I have felt with other antidepressants. My focus is good and I&#039;ve not had memory problems. One side effect I&#039;ve noticed is lack of motivation / procrastination. It may sound odd but being a full time college student, I&#039;ve never put things off till the last minute like I have been doing since starting this medicine. Other side effects I&#039;ve had are gas and bloating, diarrhea, nausea. These have lessened over the past 8 weeks. 

All in all I&#039;m very pleased with the results. 

Insurance: I&#039;m not sure how much our co-pay will be for this, as I&#039;ve been using samples given to me by my physician."
"I&#039;ve been on necon for about a week now. I&#039;ve had bad cramps everyday and it&#039;s kinda put me in a bad mood. However, my boobs have gotten bigger already!! Not too much bigger but they were a 30AA to begin with so anything bigger is noticeable!"
"I&#039;m currently battling a severe case of eczema and Aveeno Sensitive Skin has been the only thing to help soothe my skin. It doesn&#039;t last for long but I&#039;ve found that it works better than most other things I&#039;ve tried, including prescription medications."
"Great experience, it&#039;s very convenient for someone who doesn&#039;t want the trouble of keeping up with the pill. Have had the shot in both bottom and arm and surprisingly had less pain in my arm. Slight gain weight (5-6 lbs) I feel hungry more often but I&#039;m working on controlling it. No period, no more buying tampons! Definitely recommend."
"I am a 16 year old girl who has suffered with extreme anxiety and severe depression since I was 9. The reason why I was so depressed was mainly because I was mildly depressed so they put me on cymbalta and I suffered from the &quot;black box warning&quot; in which adolescents and teens can experience suicidal thoughts and actions. that really messed me up. I&#039;d have panic attacks where I was convinced I wanted to, and I&#039;d puke and shake and stuff. it still happens but when it does my parents give me 0.25mg (I&#039;m very very lightweight so they don&#039;t want a lot in my system) and it seems I work alright. I&#039;d like to take it everyday but my parents are so hesitant to give it to me."
"I have found Uloric (80mg) to be slightly less effective in controlling my gout symptoms than Allopurinol (300mg) and it is more expensive but it is good to have it as another alternative."
"My son timed it several times without me knowing and discovered in 10 mins I was doing so much better, in 20 I was completely back!"
"I have always struggled with anxiety about little things....Thinking I&#039;m dying over something, or wake up worried if I was going to be worried today (i know, not normal). I would get obsessed with something happening to me. I would be worried someone might break in the house and kept the kitchen light on all night. My brain just couldn&#039;t shake things and it would consume me that I felt like I was going crazy. My poor family! I finally agreed to starting meds and my doc started me on celexa. The first few weeks I had anxiety about if the pill was going to work or if I needed to go to a &quot;better&quot; brand but after about 2 months I started feeling like a whole new person, its been 5 months now and I don&#039;t ever want to get off them."
"This is my fourth month on Lexapro. I was having debilitating anxiety and phobias that interfered greatly with my life and my Dr said was causing me to be depressed. I never wanted to take a medicine before because I was too scared (anxiety) but I&#039;m so glad my Dr talked me into it. Other people even notice a difference in me and say I just look better. I feel so much better. I&#039;m not scared all the time and having dissociative thoughts. My fear kept me in bed because I couldn&#039;t make a decision but now I get up and do all the things I love again and I&#039;m not so tired. The first few weeks were hell with side effects but I knew those would wear off and they did. You just have to stick it out. But then again, nobody knows how anyone will react."
"I&#039;ve been on Sronyx for 4 months now. Everybody has a different reaction to different birth control pills but Sronyx is perfect for me. No bloating or weight gain, no breakouts, no mood swings, no period cramps at all (I previously had debilitating ones for several days out of the month), I know exactly when my period will start and end (used to be irregular), and best of all, no pregnancy! My breasts got slightly bigger and ached for about a month and a half, I did have breakthrough bleeding the first month I was on the pill, and the two times I&#039;ve missed a pill and had to take 2 in one day it did make me nauseous, but all those things are completely to be expected. Overall, this pill is perfect for me."
"This drug has not been as effective as I had thought it would be. I did not have any real bad side effects. Some constipation and at the beginning I was tired but after a month or so I had more energy then usual. I only lost about 4 pounds in 4 months."
"I&#039;m 18 and this is my first hormonal contraceptive I&#039;ve tried, I was pretty scared at first about all the negative side effects - I did experience some intense mood swings and feeling nauseous at night in the first two weeks but I trusted it would go away, and it did. On my fourth month of taking it now and I&#039;m pretty sure I&#039;m fully used to it. My periods are super regular, libido is fine, no dryness, no migraines or weight gain, however I haven&#039;t seen a difference in acne/lighter or shorter periods/period pain but those aren&#039;t problems I needed fixed anyway. Pretty happy!! Don&#039;t be scared by the side effects, if you go into it with a positive mindset you&#039;ll be right... and it&#039;s super worth it once your body gets used to it :)"
"I delt with migraines for so many years that I can not even remember. Due to the cost of Topamax at one point I quit taking it. I am back on it now. It is a life saver for me. I have had some of the side effects, weight loss, tingling finger, cold feet, taste change, etc. but they are all worth it not to have the life stopping migraines anymore. Once the dosage is regulated it is wonderful. I have probably had 2 migraines in the past year and neither have been untolerable."
"I took the Lexiscan stress test yesterday.  The hardest part of the test was lying still for 45 min.  The chemical was injected during the last 10min and I felt no real side effects.  I had a slight taste in my mouth for maybe 20 seconds and I noticed that my heart rate increased.  After a couple of minutes my heart started slowing and after the 10min period, I felt normal.  If you are scheduled for the test, stop worrying, it&#039;s not that bad.  Don&#039;t stress out from all the horror stories you read on the Internet."
"Have been buying this for years, only thing that helps, but now can&#039;t find them anywhere, in the 100 caplet bottles. Are they discontinued? They keep me going."
"I got this 4 weeks after my daughter was born and since I&#039;ve had it my depression has hit the fan, I&#039;ve got uncontrollable migraines. After November 2013 I had a period every other day and it only lasted an hour, not to mention I have gained 60LBS and my doctor refuses to remove it."
"I have had a lifetime of debilitating headaches, through which pricey neurologists have determined that I have 2 types of headache going on - though perhaps not at the same time. I have severe tension headaches, as well as heachaches with a significant migraine component (I see the aura - I can tell when those are on the way). Fioricet is a fundamental front-line treatment for the tension headaches, and with Fioricet, they usually do not develop into the severe (keep me in a quiet, dark room) type, which were MUCH more frequent without Fioricet. I fully endorse it in my case."
"Tizanidine is an excellent muscle relaxer compared to ones like Flexerral, Robaxin, Baclofen, etc. Soma does work better but now it&#039;s hard to be Rxed because of FDA overregulating. Anyway, it helps me, gives me great sleep, and helps with headaches. The only side effect I get is dry mouth. Overall though, I highly recommend this over all the other ones our there! It&#039;s done an awesome job for muscle spasms."
"I had the IUD insterted in March 2015. My doctor had me wait until I was on my period so that my cervix would be &quot;spongier&quot; and wouldn&#039;t hurt less. Unfortunately for me, because I had been on birth control for 4 years prior, I was having an extremely light period. Easily the most painful experience of my life. Was doing all I could NOT to scream in the examination room during the procedure. After the procedure I had to lay there for a while before being able to get up and leave.  The pain lasted the entire day. Very sharp throbbing pain. I aImost threw up twice. After a few days I was fine. My next period was very painful, but got lighter as time went on. I&#039;m very happy with this IUD, I&#039;m not sure if I will replace it though due to the pain"
"This medication has forever changed my life, it has possibly saved my marriage and relationship with my kids. I am a person who suffers from anxiety and severe mood swings. Before Lexapro I would snap at anything, little things would trigger anxiety attacks and that would lead to depression. My first week on Lexapro was not to bad I had some nausea, felt jittery at times, restlessness at night, and yawning uncontrollably. But I noticed right away and so did my husband that I was more at ease, happier, and was able to blow things off that would of made me blow up before. The pros out weighed the bad for me. So far I have been enjoying life more, laughing with my kids more often and not focusing so much on the little things."
"Mild Hemophiliac, use Advate for injuries or surgeries. It has proven effective for me for surgery including total hip replacement with no bleeding or other side effects."
"I was on this pill throughout high school and don&#039;t quite remember the initial side effects. But what I will HAVE to remember for the rest of my life is the cystic acne it has given me since stopping this pill. I didn&#039;t want to be on birth control anymore but now if I want to ever have DECENT skin again, I will have to get back on the pill- but not this specific one ever again. Cystic acne is the worst, most hard to treat acne that is underneath the skin. I hate gildess for creating a mess with my hormones."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for a couple of months now, &amp; it&#039;s working out great! Although my emotions are heightened and I have suffered with mouth sores. My periods have stopped all together and my skin is fine. I encourage this to anyone!"
"I take cymbalta for depression and anxiety. I&#039;ve read a few comments on here and it sounds like a few people may have or had serotonin syndrome. It has happened to me in the past when a prior doct didn&#039;t pay attention to my meds. Please be safe. Cymbalta has helped me a lot. I went off for about 3 yrs and have had to go back on."
"I have tried several medications and was either allergic to them, they didn&#039;t work, or I did not like the way I felt. Nucynta has worked wonderfully with the severe neuropathy pain that I have on a daily basis. Prior to Nucynta, I had a difficult time just walking to another room, much less a grocery store. I have found that Nucynta has cut my down time due to pain at least 50%! I do not feel dopey or high, it does not inhibit or interfere with my speech, thought or action. In fact, I told my husband I am ready to start going bike riding again, because I feel safe enough to do so and the pain is not stopping me anymore.  This is my experience with Nucynta, works wonders!"
"I had a terrible reaction to this medication. It brought back symptoms that I haven&#039;t had for years, and hallucinations. I felt crawling on my skin and heard voices for the first time in two years. "
"I was taking Lexapro 10mg then upped to 20mg for the past 5 years. In the beginning it was great, I felt great, no anxiety or depression.  But for the past two years my everyday life started to become a struggle. I became upset easily, I cried all the time, it was horrible.  So my Dr and I decided that maybe the Lexapro had pooped out and to try a different antidepressant. So I began sertraline 50mgs. I&#039;ve had no side effects except for some heartburn right after taking. So I began Prilosec to counteract this. I feel good. No anxiety and I can feel my depression lifting. I sleep fine no problems there. But I do take 25mgs of Vistaril at night so I&#039;m sure that helps. "
"I have had elevated blood pressure for a number of years.  I was on Avapro 300mg the past few years and it was working okay but I began to have episodes of 150/100 and sometimes higher with occasional headaches. It seems after a while my tolerance for any BP medication builds and they start to become less effective.

My doctor recently gave me a trial of Azor 40/5 to get my numbers under better control and within a week I am running around a consistent 120/80 with no noticeable side-effects.  I also have begun to notice better sleep and easier concentration at work as some others noted.  
I am hoping the success continues with medication!"
"Extremely painful!  I had severe cramping from three weeks after insertion, then experience contraction like cramping about 20 days out of the month. It&#039;s awful"
"I have been on this birth control for three years I love it. Before I started Aviane I had terrible periods where I felt like I was having the flu with an insane amount of bleeding. I couldn&#039;t live that way anymore and my doctor suggested putting me on birth control. I was put on this pill for about 3 months and then I saw commercials on Seasonale where I could only get my period 4 times a year and that seemed intriguing. After I was put on Seasonale I had TERRIBLE mood swings and I would cry everyday. The only good thing about Seasonal was that my breasts grew a size and a half. I went back to Aviane after the other pill obviously wasn&#039;t going to work out and I am happy with it! My periods are better and no side effects! "
"I have been taking this medication for a while now, along with Azathioprine and Prednisone. Just today I stopped the Prednisone, after decreasing by a half each week. I experienced some remission of the Prednisone after I was at 2 and 1/2 pills, and bumped it back up to 5. I haven&#039;t experienced any bad side effects of the Sulfazine, and my only complaint is that it is really chalky. I am 13, and was diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis almost a year ago."
"I suffer depression and post traumatic stress, anxiety, suicidal thoughts ruled my life for the last 7 years. I was prescribed Lexapro and although initially it helped me, it didn&#039;t make me feel that life was worth living so I went off them about 18 months ago. I didn&#039;t hold too much trust in doctor&#039;s abilities to &quot;fix&quot; me either, but I had to visit a doctor recently before I finally went through with just giving up on everything that I found overwhelming. The doctor prescribed me Pristiq 50mg and I owe either the doctor or the makers of this drug for saving my life.  This tablet has sorted out my head. I don&#039;t have constant thoughts and stresses running through my mind all day long, I can finally breathe and enjoy MY life again. Good luck to you all."
"This drug used to do wonders. I went on it because one antidepressant wasn&#039;t enough to get me out of bed and moving. It lifted me up and gave me the motivation to be able to take care of my daily living needs and hold a stable job.

The side effect that causes them to take me off of it was because it was making me manic (as I am bipolar) and it caused me to make quick, risky, and ill-advised life decisions.

Taking me off the drug has effectively stopped the quick life decision side effect, and after getting off of it, I&#039;ve been able to think more clearly, be more mindful of my movement and thought-processes, and gave me a general feeling of wellness.

The negative of getting off of it, however, is that I lost my ability to sleep well."
"I am currently staying in the hospital overnight with an infected colon ( thought it was appendicitis it was so close), crazy watery diarrhea, vomiting, severe stomach cramps, and therefore dehydration. I have never had digestive problems like this and I&#039;ve never been in a hospital overnight. This is seriously because of augmentin. Do not take this drug!"
"I have been taking amitriptyline for 3 and a half years since I was 12 (now 15), due to sleeping problems. I started on 10mg doses every night for the first couple of months but that didn&#039;t work so the doctors gradually increased me up to 50 mg (current dosage). They started working for a couple of months however they no longer work but I have never had any side affects. Now I get little sleep and am often feeling sick due to lack of sleep and often can no longer concentrate at school. Hope this doesn&#039;t happen to you at work."
"It got me pretty sick. I threw up alot and had lost alot of fluids."
"I started Contrave on March 16th and today is March 29th and I have lost 10 pounds so far. 
I have been on the weight watchers program and have already lost 88 pounds using that program in the past year and a half. From October 2016-Mid March 2017 I have been in a constant losing and gaining the same 5 pounds. Frustrated because I have obviously learned how to eat healthy and control my portions I went to my doctor to ask how to break this plateau. She prescribed me Contrave. The first week NO SIDE EFFECTS and I felt great! Good energy...and it stopped the night-time cravings that I think was derailing my weight loss efforts. The second week I have had TERRIBLE headaches and constantly feel nauseous! I am hoping this goes away SOON."
"15 year old female with ADHD and mild depression. This sent me into a downwards spiral of suicidal thoughts and erratic behavior. It also caused me to throw up and miss meals due to the &#039;stuck in my throat&#039; feeling it gave in addition to the burning acid in my throat feeling. Also it gave me headaches so severe I wouldn&#039;t even get out of bed. 
 I give this a 2/10 because although it did help a little, the negative side effects are too much for me."
"Bloating, stomach discomfort"
"Not good.  The first few days were fine though not overly impressive, after that more redness and itching.  It also doesn&#039;t appear to compatible with any of the moisturizers I have tried.  I&#039;ve stopped using it and my face is less red and much better.  $20 in the garbage, I would not recommend this to anyone.  And judging by all the others with issues I&#039;m surprised it&#039;s still on the market."
"I&#039;ve always experienced social anxiety growing up. I thought this was normal but it became clear to me during college that I shouldn&#039;t be feeling so shy all the time. I was afraid to be myself. I was constantly going back and forth between anxiety and depression for years. I tried meditation, yoga, running, a different diet... But nothing seemed to be working good enough! Enough was enough! I researched zoloft for a few weeks and finally decided to try it out. WOAH! Other than the initial side effects such as decreased appetite and restlessness, this medication changed my life!!! I feel very comfortable talking to people in social settings.. I could finally be myself! The biggest thing is being patient--- it works!!!!! Good luck everyone!"
"I went on this because I was tired of taking pills everyday. Within the 1st dose my periods stopped and I thought Wow this is great. However in the 2 doses that I had I gained 40 pounds. I was on the pills for 7 years and  I had steady weight. If I could go back I would NEVER switched to the Depo Shot. Worst decision ever!"
"After 2 years on Depo-Provera I decided to stop because I was concerned about not having my periods.  My period didn&#039;t come back to normal until after 7 months, during this time off Depo I realized that suddenly my mood had improved and I wasn&#039;t sad all the time anymore. I switched to Alesse and now realize how bad Depo was for me. It made me moody all the time."
"Injection was virtually painless. Noticeable decrease in pain within hours of first injection. It&#039;s now been 5 days and I&#039;m pleased with results."
"I had T levels below 200 and the Doc started me on Androgel 1.62.  I saw minor improvements at 2 and 3 pumps per day, but didn&#039;t see normal T numbers until he prescribed a max dose of 4 pumps daily.  I had libido and ED issues that have greatly improved.  The main side effect I have is that I have some body acne on the shoulders and upper chest, I&#039;ve also had a little more chest hair.  Without insurance and even with insurance the gel can be too pricey for many."
"I have tried just about every Bipolar Medicine there is out there and then some.   I am completely satisfied with this medicine.  All of the others had terrible side effects.  Neurontin, Zyprexa, Lithium, Tegretol, you name it I&#039;ve tried it.  It is very hard to get someone who is bipolar to take medicines due to the fact there are so many side effects.  In my opinion Abilify does what is says it supposed to do with no side effects.  Of course everyone is different.  This medicine works.  It keeps me from going high or low.  Most bipolar patients should probably be on an antidepressant, which is only my opinion since everyone is unique."
"Give this medication time!! It&#039;s going to get worse before it gets better, trust me. When I take it, it usually gets worse for about 2-3 days. On the third day if I am not feeling better I&#039;ll take another dose and my symptoms will be gone within 24 hours. Patience definitely comes with this medication and although that&#039;s unfortunate, it&#039;s worth it in the end."
"I have been on this pill for 3.5 years and it is my FAVORITE THING EVER. My periods are extremely light, I almost never have cramps or mood swings, and the only weight gain I experienced was welcome and came in the form of a cup size. I haven&#039;t had any problems during that time of the month or otherwise and overall, I think this is just a very nice, happy pill. I always use condoms because I&#039;m paranoid but I&#039;m scare-free also!"
"Thank goodness for this medication.  I only wish I had started it earlier, before my GAD, low confidence, and suspicions hurt my marriage.  This medicine helps, even though all the therapy in the world did not touch my feelings.  I started with 5mg and felt a little improvement right away.  Went to 10mg after a particularly bad day and what a relief.  Side effects are minor so far."
"I had terrible leg cramps all over my legs for hours at night. So bad nearly all muscles in both  legs at same time. I passed out with pain so severe. The day I quit Avandia the cramps stopped."
"Very Good for asthma and allergies but my mood changed for the worse. I woke up angry for no reason and very irritable. Made my anxiety worse too. I stopped it."
"I am convinced that this medication has saved my life. I set a quit date for 2 weeks after I started Chantix and by day 3 I had no cravings and when I did try to smoke it tasted like crap. I am 47 and I have been smoking 1/2-1 pack a day since I was 20. I&#039;m now on day 17 and I have no urge to smoke and I have no withdrawal symptoms whatsoever. I did have a mild headache for the first week, but nothing that an Advil wouldn&#039;t fix. 
I have to admit, I was terrified to start taking Chantix because I had heard the horror stories (I actually had the meds for 2 weeks and was afraid to take it) lol
Since starting the meds all I can do is kick myself for not asking my doctor for it sooner. This is an answered prayer. I&#039;m a non-smoker now!!!!! WooHoo"
"My husband has used advair for about 15 yrs, works great. Dr have tried other inhalers but saw no difference, hope we get a generic advair soon."
"I was on Chateal for 4 months and I didn&#039;t like it. I was always moody and very emotional. I was always feeling depressed and I didn&#039;t like that. I&#039;m normally a happy person so when I started feeling this way. I immediately wanted to switch birth control. Only thing I liked about was that I had an appetite and was able to gain weight like I wanted too unlike the other birth controls I&#039;ve taken. I didn&#039;t like being moody all the time so I switched to the depo shot and I&#039;ve been so much happier."
"Methylphenidate (Ritalin), which is always understood to denote IMMEDIATE-RELEASE, is a miracle medication w/practically zero side effects.I mean true Schedule 2 stimulant narcotic methylphenidate ..not Adderall, not Dexedine,not dextroamphetamine, not atomoxetine. My weight, brain, overall health, wellness, &amp; relationships are healthier on rigorous doses of methylphenidate (Immediate-Release plus Ritalin LA or Immediate-Release plus Concerta); however, pharmacies have to understand that  the generic must be the true actual commercially available exact product in every aspect as brand.  "
"So I got the liletta about September 2016 and the insertion was super painful for me, during and after. I got out the doctor and felt super light headed and the cramps were terrible I had to sleep for the rest of the day my cramps literally lasted 3 days. I mainly got it because I have fibroids so I needed something to make me bleed less. As I thought the liletta was suppose to give me less periods granted my periods are lighter before my periods would last 6 days but after I started this IUD they last for two weeks! I barely have any time to get intimate because I&#039;m always bleeding and it&#039;s uncomfortable for me. I&#039;m already going to have 6 months in and I think I&#039;m going to remove it. Everyone is different, but it&#039;s a no for me."
"Hi! I&#039;ve been in this drug for a week now and I lost a little over 10 pounds. So far I&#039;m very pleased with the results. Tomorrow I&#039;ll increase the dose to 1.2mg. No side effects yet just little nausea if I don&#039;t stop eating when my body tells me too. I&#039;ll keep you posted!!"
"I am a recovering drug addict suffering from severe anxiety. My drug of choice was benzos so clearly I cannot be prescribed those (or any other narcotics). While I was in rehab I was prescribed gabapentin, 300 mg pill three times a day. I was convinced that it wouldn&#039;t work because it was a non narcotic but this drug has helped me so much, I feel like I have complete control over my anxiety. However when I miss A dose or two in a day I do have withdrawal symptoms.. as long as I take it as prescribed I feel amazing with almost no side effects."
"I tried EVERY medication out there, I swear. It has always ended badly, bad side effects, bad combinations, etc. And because of that I have been more against taking meds. Once we finally figured out that depression wasn&#039;t my problem, and I was diagnosed with a mood disorder (unofficially Bipolar II since I&#039;m still not 18), I&#039;m finally on 75mg of Topamax, 20mg of Prozac, and then I take Adderall XR 30mg and Adderall normal 10mg and this combination has had any positive effect, without any negative side effects. I do think I have suffered from the side effect of memory loss and slow thinking, not enough to make me stop taking it though. It has helped me so much and I recommend to anyone who is having trouble finding medicines that work for them."
"I&#039;ve been feeling blocked up not getting everything out for two weeks, and for the last two days nothing but liquid is coming out, so I&#039;m assuming fecal impaction.  Since I was still passing gas, I figured it would be okay to try out a laxative instead of just popping stool softeners with water.  I took half of the bottle at 8:30am, then figured if it&#039;s worth doing it&#039;s worth doing right so I drank the other half at 9:00.  It&#039;s 5:00 in the afternoon, and still nothing.  I figure I&#039;ll take some more softeners tonight, and head out to the pharmacy for tomorrow&#039;s preparations.  If I can&#039;t get it out between another bottle, glycerine suppositories, an enema, some vaseline, and a pair of XL latex gloves, then I think I&#039;ll have to go to the doc."
"Overall, the Bentyl works really good but at times, the spasms get to be to much that I take a prescription pain pill along with the Bentyl. Works great."
"This is about my boyfriend who is currently taking this med. He is acting differently sometimes acting like he doesn&#039;t care about anything. He got rashes on some of his body. He is not the same. I&#039;m trying to talk him into trying something else. I don&#039;t like the side effects I&#039;m seeing in him. He&#039;s still depressed so it&#039;s not really helping him. He&#039;s like dr. Jekyl &amp; Hyde. He  will snap 1 minute then the next minute he&#039;s talking very nice as if nothing happened or he didn&#039;t remember saying anything mean. It&#039;s been a roller coaster I think I would rather have him not on anything or prescribed medical marijuana for his anxiety &amp; to help him relax. I don&#039;t know what the right answer is. Maybe we will find something in the near future to help."
"I was prescribed this medicine for intractable migraines that seemed to be associated with decreased estrogen and for awful night sweats and insomnia.  The migraines almost completely disappeared, and are now stopped with 50 mg Imitrex (that had previously gotten to the point where nothing stopped them).  The nights sweats and insomnia completely stopped.  "
"I was diagnosed with Pemphigus years ago.  I was given all sorts of medication and this was the only one that got me a relief.  After 1-2 applications, my sores disappeared.  I used the ones given as samples to the specialist who treated me for the problem.  I used Synalar on my face and received intradermal shots in my head to take care of the numerous sores on my scalp."
"My lexapro stopped working so I was switched to prozac.  While prozac did help some it didn&#039;t help enough.  My psychiatrist prescribed abilify at 2mg to add on to 60mg of prozac.  Within 2 days I was pulled out of the dark hole I was in and  my crying spells were gone.  This pill is a miracle pill."
"Took for short term (5 weeks) after double knee replacement. I took it as directed two 50mg tablets twice daily.  When I tried to discontinue this drug I had horrible withdrawal symptoms.  I was not warned that it had a dependency potential and it was given to me billed as much safer then Hydrocodone as far as addiction. Heads up if you are going to take this medication for very long."
"I was prescribed Zithromax for an upper respiratory infection and I did not have such a good experience. The first day I had really bad diarrhea. I couldn&#039;t even leave the house. The 2nd day I was overwhelmed with nausea. I took the pill with food and still felt sick to my stomach the entire day and night. Today I have decided the terrible side effects are not worth it, and I&#039;m not going to take the rest of my prescription."
"I had been feeling very bloated and had a lot of pain over the past months. So much so it landed me in the ER. Xrays showed I was backed up. So much my Dr said flat out I was full of $h1t. She perscribed this stuff and it made my stomach growl and groan. Several hours later it hit me. It was like a freakin soft serve ice cream parlor. The smell was something wicked. All in all it worked. I will continue to use this miracle powder."
"Patanase is the only medicine that helps my hay fever and helps me to function. It works fast, and clears my nose so that I can breath. Whenever I am hit with an allergy attack, or just have my nose to get stuffy or runny, I KNOW that Patanase is going to work and provide relief. I go from miserable to good-to-go within 5 minutes. The only thing negative that I have to say is about the funky taste that develops in the back of your throat after using. But it is so worth it! The taste is NOT enough to keep me from using the medicine. LOVE PATANASE. No side effects at all."
"I have been on Bystolic for two months. I was previously on metoprolol and had to discontinue due to the shortage. My blood pressure immediately stabilized, while on Bystolic, and is running now in the 120/80 range which has not been in 10 years. I experienced some dizziness the first couple of weeks but that has gone now. My PVC&#039;s are controlled but slightly more than on metoprolol. The most significant thing is that headaches and eye twitching I was having disappeared within two days of being off metoprolol and on Bystolic. I never realized they were being caused by the metoprolol. I have also switched from Naprosyn to Advil.  While contraindicated with a beta blocker I could not do without an antinflamatory - Advil had less negative effects on blood pressure."
"So I Been On The Nexplanon For 9 Months And Let Me Just Say I Hate It Because Of The Forever Bleeding It&#039;s Depressing Ugh!.But.....Then I Love It Because I Won&#039;t Get Pregnant "
"I&#039;m 57 &amp; enjoy an active sex life with my wife.  In the last few months erections were not as strong &amp; I had not been able to maintain it a couple of times.    During my physical I talked to my PA about my problem staying hard &amp; she said I wasn&#039;t that old &amp; should still be enjoying sex &amp; suggested I try Viagra.  I take a half pill (50mg) &amp; other than a flushed feeling (let&#039;s me know it&#039;s working) I have no side effects.  With the extra blood flow I&#039;m as hard as I can remember &amp; my wife says she can tell I&#039;m longer &amp; thicker so  I can relax and not stress over it"
"I have taken a wide selection on antidepressant drugs from imipramine, prozac, paxil, and Effexor to name a few. Prozac and Effexor being two of the worst drugs. Prozac I had chronic diarrhea and no therapeutic benefit. Effexor had no therapeutic value and left me completely sexually impotent.
Sertraline has helped with my racing thoughts and depression with little or no noticeable side effects. My experiences may not be typical for everyone, but it is the best antidepressant I have found."
"My younger brother was on remicade for 10 years , and yes it helped him with the uc but he just passed away from cancer and liver failure at 27 years old most likely from the years of remicade. So I am leaving the warning to be careful and think that this is just some miracle drug.  Everything has consequences"
"Have had migraines for the past 20  years but they were usually around my time of the month.  Recently the migraines were daily and on a pain scale of 7 to 8 out of 10.  My GP prescribed Nortriptyline as a preventative treatment.  I&#039;ve been on it for almost a month.  After a week of 10mg before bed, the migraines lessened from multiple times per day to every other day and the pain scale dropped down to 1 from 7 - 8.  I&#039;m now 9 days migraine free.  No blurred vision but really bad dry mouth in the morning.  I&#039;m hoping the dry mouth will eventually subside.  Not overly concerned.  The treatment plan is to titrate off the medication after 6 to 12 months.  In the meantime, it&#039;s nice to be migraine free."
"Switch about 3 week ago due to Kaletra was keeping my cholesterol elevated . I was taking Truvada and Kaletra and noticed cholesterol level go up even though I take meds for it but was in normal range before. I haven&#039;t experienced and side effects, my body has always tolerated any meds that I take. If you don&#039;t have one please get a Gilead copay card , this will cover any out of pocket expenses with your insurance. VL/ undetectable and Cd4 count 515, will get checked again next month."
"I have had this implant in for a little over a year now and it was the worst descision I have made regarding birth control. After I had it put in, my body acted the same way before the implant. After about 3 months I had gained 10 pounds after not gaining any weight at all before the procedure. Now I have un predictable periods that can last from 3 days to 3 weeks with almost no break in between. There can be heavy bleeding at times or just some spotting. I waited to see if the side effects would become less of a problem over time like the doctor said but they have not so I will be getting Nexplanon removed."
"This stuff is terrible. I switched to ndt and am doing way better. Please google stop the thyroid madness as synthoids popularity is madness."
"I&#039;ve never experienced any type of side effects of yeast infection medications until I bought this Monistat 1 day. OMG!!!! The burning is unbearable. It&#039;s been almost 2 days and I&#039;m still burning. I&#039;ll just have to bear it until the effects are gone. UGH!!! Don&#039;t do it ladies!!!!"
"I&#039;m taking clindamycin for tooth infection... The first day I took the pill I drunk a smoothie with it and didn&#039;t lay down for a while, I didn&#039;t have any problems at all no heart burn no irritated throat and no stomach pain... It&#039;s how you take the medicine and what you take it with..."
"Every drug I tried, allowed me to only achieve a sub-optimal response.  I have been in MMR for over a year."
"If I could give this thing a zero I would -  its absolutely vile!! I don&#039;t recommend to any woman at all, I am 23 &amp; regret it deeply. It has killed my sex drive to the point I don&#039;t do a whole lot of sexual stuff or even think of sex at all. I&#039;ve gone off sex for god knows how long.  I had this thing the Nexplanon fitted 8/02/2016 February 2016 and first couple of months was fine it stopped the bleeding after a month in March,Then around August 2016 I noticed a massive weight gain without any extreme change in diet exercise, It felt like I was a pregnant lady which (I am not as I  don&#039;t like children &amp; never want them hense the implant fitted.) &amp; I also had severe reduced motivation with extreme tiredness &amp; extreme mood swings"
"Was prescribed this medication by new cardiologist while hospitalized to help with spasms associated with Prinzmetal&#039;s (variant) angina. So far I feel a difference in my condition, but will form a more solid opinion when I&#039;m on Imdur a bit longer."
"It has been a very good birth control it just made me very sick at first. It made me so sick that I actually lost weight. I constantly felt nauseous and even made me throw up sometime. The first few months I had normal to light periods and my skin was glowing! Aside from how sick it made me, I definitely recommend this birth control."
"I find the Nuvaring  to be very effective.  I had tried a variety of different pills, but I experienced terrible mood swings on most.  I like the Nuvaring because it does not cause me to experience  those  mood  swings, I have lighter and shorter periods and it is convenient  not to have to take a pill everyday.  The only con I&#039;ve experienced is that it can sometimes come out during sex or be bothersome to my partner during sex.  I would recommend this if you are having difficulty with pills and are not ready to try an IUD."
"I am a 39 year old male and sustained a fall back in October shattering both heels and ankles and have been diagnosed with RSD (Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy)and my pain management doctor prescribed Lyrica 300mg twice a day for the burning and pain. I have had 4 epidurals and 1 nerve block and have found that the lyrica works best for me and it works well with the other medicines I take on a daily basis. I have been taking for almost a year now and I have not had any side effects!"
"This makes month 3 for me on Aviane and so far so good! I&#039;m taking this to prevent pregnancy and to regulate my period. I had taken Yaz before but then had some side effects so I switched. For the most part, my period is consistent."
"I am 64 yrs old  I&#039;ve suffered from constipation my entire life and have been on opiates for many years due to colo-rectal cancer treatments/surgeries. I&#039;ve been using Relistor for 2 weeks and I have a bowel movement within 5 minutes. For me, I have 3-4 more within the following couple of hours. It has been a miracle for me. Life changing."
"Y&#039;all! -- I am one of these people who cannot say enough about bupropion! It has changed my life after only day 8. 
Such a subtle but powerful shift in perception and decrease in troublesome habits (smoking one of them, but also irrational anxiety getting on train, rushing down the street for no reason, rushing through dinner) has decreased by drinking, made me less weighed down. 
There are side effects the first few days but they will go away! Stick with it and you won&#039;t regret it ~"
"It really works! I smoked or dipped daily for the past twenty years. I was on Chantix for six weeks and have been nicotine free for 5 weeks. Crazy dreams and very irritable so decided to stop Chantix. It does it&#039;s job!"
"This is the miracle to all the knee pain, I need to do a commercial for this injection its the best thing ever, had it 8 years ago worked for about 2 or 3 years, got it again it worked the same and this is the 3rd time it took longer for it to work but it worked just the same. I&#039;m the wife and so please at how he feels. he walked with a bad limp at first until he got this injection. OMG."
"I am a first time user took the shot in April after giving birth in Feb and I can&#039;t wait for it to be over! 
Never doing it again! 

Lack of sex drive
Appetite increased
Mood swings
Night sweats
Crazy freaking dreams
Tired all the time 
Hair loss
Light bleeding for a whole month

Can&#039;t tell if the lack of sex comes from the shot or the birth. Hair loss may be due to be breastfeeding. Gus&#039;s I&#039;ll find out after this is over.

Works well in preventing another pregnancy but I&#039;m not going to do all this for that!"
"On 11/09/15...failed DOT physical due to glucose of 576...a1c @ 14.  Did not even know I was diabetic.  Went to Dr. ASAP. Placed on xigduo 2x daily. This a.m. my glucose was 121. It has declined and averaged out, thankfully!...Please note, I am a city bus driver. I eat healthy, as in rarely eat fast food...However, when I drive I eat TONS of candy and gum.  It caught up with me and changed my whole life view for the better!...Take care of yourself!"
"Hi,so I got the implant  put in February 2015 due to getting into a serious relationship  at first it was fine my monthly  (sorry TMI) was cominh every month yes give or take a couple of days, then in August was when I had it last. For 2 months no period at all I started to get paranoid thinking I might be pregnant or the other medication I am on made it ineffective, but when I woke up this morning at first felt the same symptoms with tge nausea and lightheaded, my stomach feels hard to touch then suddenly my monthly came back after 2 months now im not sure if this is because of the implant or if theres something going on with my body all i know is that thus implant is causing me a lot of headache as i never know when my monthly will show"
"This medication didn&#039;t work for me and it gave me some pretty bothersome side effects.  I was only taking one 20 mg pill a day for a couple weeks. It made me very loopy and tired.   The side effects I had were several severe hot flashes per day.  Night sweats. Chest pain that would last a couple hours until I would randomly belch and it would instantly disappear.  Stopped taking it and all side effects disappeared.  I will never take that pill again."
"I started using the Nuvaring because I was having severe menstrual cramps and heavy periods.  I have been using it for 6-7 months now and although it has worked wonderfully for the reasons I started taking it, the side effects are not worth it.  I have fatigue, 8-10 weight gain, widening of my hips, and about a 2 cup breast size increase.  What&#039;s worse is that a lot of the weight gain in around my abdomen so none of my clothes fit.  There is definitely a lack of energy that has interrupted my lifestyle.  
I think its true that Nuvaring works for some women but not for others, just like any birth control.  For me, the experience has been more negative than positive so I am going to stop."
"Kept me up all night. Was restless and nervous . Did not help my insomnia  at all."
"I started using Zoloft about 2 months ago for stress and anxiety. I have a teenager and we fought constantly, I would fly off at him for back talking and we were both miserable. Since taking Zoloft we get along so much better and I am not as stressed. I also have a touch of OCD, I was always cleaning and stressing about everything in the house not being like it should, now I am not bothered if something is out of place or not cleaned. I spend time with my 2 kids instead of cleaning house. I am taking 50mg and I love it. My sex drive hasn&#039;t been affected, my appetite decreased for about 2 weeks but it&#039;s okay now. I recommend this medication to anyone who feels they need something to help with stress."
"So far so good. I have been on Humira for over 2 years."
"Started Victoza 10 days ago. Lost 8 lbs. in the first 9 days! Also on Metformin 500mg ER 3X a day. Blood sugars are great! Running between 80-130 at different points throughout the day. Fasting blood sugars running around 70, when they were at 400 before treatment with Victoza. Nausea in the first few days on the 0.6 dose of the Victoza. Nausea has subsided with no other side effects besides loss of appetite, which is great!"
"I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for over a year. It did what it had to do which was to prevent pregnancy. During the use of the birth control, I had mild spotting in between periods as well as some cramping. But I became very depressed and emotional. Anything would set me off. I would be happy one moment then I would start crying. Now I&#039;ve been off for two months and my family and friends can tell the difference."
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for about 5 months now I have gained weight, also have bad temper, mood swings ,always tired, headaches, depression but no period. I want to get removed at same time I don&#039;t because worried about another pregnancy."
"It is by far the best drug I have been given to take care of my issues. The side effects did not last too long, maybe two weeks then everything just kept getting better. The only reason I did not give it a 10 rating is this is only the second medicine I have been on for my condition. Overall the best I have felt in the past 8 years. My doctor started me on 40mg. I take Xanax approximately 75% less than as often as I used too, so that makes me happy."
"Went to Urgent Care for an upper respiratory infection.  Cefdinir after 1 day helped with the respiratory problem but left with suffering with intolerable diarrhea.  I&#039;m taking probiotics and just had to take a Lomotil.  No pain but just pure and simple constant running to the bathroom.  I&#039;m 70 years old and consider myself an athlete and very strong. Rarely sick but this has taken me down,  I stopped the Cefdinir after 5 days.  Could not take it anymore."
"This was the worst decision of my life ! Don&#039;t ever get this thing implanted inside of you . The insertion process is tragic and I was laid out in the table for an hour of the dr trying to force it into my small cervix. I had horrible headaches, started to develop acne , and I almost had a stroke one night . My eye was twitching for 3 days then my face began to spasm and started to droop and I had to go to the ER and was place on steroids . I&#039;ve lost some of  my hair in the front and back of my head . There is NO  way u can tell me that this device didn&#039;t cause this! I had this device in only for 4 weeks ! And I was at my breaking point when I started experiencing lower leg pain and numbness when I was in the grocery store.say NO!"
"I&#039;ve suffered with insomnia for many years &amp; have tried various remedies including Yoga based approaches &amp; treatments using natural products like Valerian. Unfortunately, none of these has had any lasting effect. 
Usually, I will manage to get to sleep but will wake up three or four hours later &amp; then have a real struggle to get back to sleep no matter how relaxed I am. Consequently, I&#039;m absolutely shattered the next day and find it very hard to function properly. With Doxylamine, however, I usually enjoy a good night&#039;s sleep (6 to 7 hours) and feel energised the next day. I&#039;ve been taking them for over three years now and don&#039;t appear to have any side effects. I take about half a tablet each night and drift of to sleep about an hour later"
"As a heathcare professional having given Mucomyst to patients over more than 30 year career, I&#039;ve yet to observe any benefit from the aerosolization of this med. I don&#039;t want to minimize the previous comments. Used during a bronchoscopy in liquid wash, it will dissolve thick mucus quickly and effectively but the benefit of aerosolization has not been demonstrated or established in any controlled study. Also, after more than 24 hours of use, the lung tissue will begin to &quot;weep,&quot; this is a very caustic substance to lung. Too often it&#039;s order for a specific problem area of the lung. As the laws of nature take effect in that gas follows the path of least resistance, Mucomyst is delivered to all areas of lung with minimal effect to the problem."
"I had a lithotripsy done today with a cystoscopy and was prescribed  Uribel for the bladder spasms and urination pain. I took it 3 hours ago and I&#039;m still suffering from the painful spasms and burning urination.  It isn&#039;t working for me."
"Praluent was working great for the past 9 months without any side effects but during the last 3 weeks I started to have the symptoms of arthritis that is some pain in the joints. It improves some when I walk. I hope these symptoms will not further increase. Will update you in another 2-3 weeks."
"Hands and feet swelled.  Feet swelled from wearing a size 7 shoe, needed to wear a size 8.5 until the swelling dissipated. I only had one session of Taxotere before my oncologist stopped this treatment. I believe that there were about 5 sessions scheduled before I experienced these side effects. I received it in Spring of 2005!"
"I&#039;m not one to typically give reviews but after my experience on Zarah, I decided I&#039;d like to.

The only nice this about Zarah was yes, it may have helped prevent pregnancy, Yes it may have made my breasts grow, BUT some of the negatives outweighs the positives.

While on Zarah, I had uncontrollable mood swings and depression. I reached a point where the lowest or low. That&#039;s when I realized that the Zarah pill is what made me go &quot;psyco&quot;. 

Just personally, I&#039;d never recommend it to anyone."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon since June 2013. Since then no bleeding and cramps were tolerable. The past three days I&#039;ve been bleeding really heavy and I have no idea what to do."
"I love Lamictal (lamotrigine) it work just like zoloft but without the weight gain. It has reduced my depression dramatically. To me this one is a keeper."
"I have been suffering from extremely bad allergies for years.  Between my allergies and my asthma, I have had to use OTC nasal sprays, a combination of allergy medications and my asthma inhaler. I just started using Dymista and for the first time in years, I was able to breathe clearly.    I did not even need to use nasal spray! I am so glad I finally found Dymista!"
"Over the past two and a half years since I had major shoulder surgery the recovery has been slow. I&#039;ve recently been diagnosed with arthritis and C6-7 cervical degenerative disc disease with C5-6 and C6-7 narrowing of the neural foramen. I was prescribed naproxen at one point which helped a little. I was taken off of it due to the amount I was taking a day. Up to 3200mg. I was also prescribed ambien because I couldn&#039;t sleep because of the pain. I started to sleep walk on four different occasions where my wife found me elsewhere from where I went to sleep. I called my doc and he took me off and I was prescribed hydrocodone and acetaminophen combo. That was the best thing that could have happened for me. I&#039;m no longer in constant pain."
"I&#039;ve read nothing but good positive reviews on fastin so I purchased a bottle and started taking mine today! I can&#039;t wait to see my results!"
"I&#039;ve been taking lexapro for two months now for depression and anxiety. The first 3-4 weeks I took 10mg and I felt amazing. I had loads of energy and actually felt social for once. After those 3-4 weeks however the happy feeling faded and I was plagued with fatigue and unable to get anything done. I couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open in class or to study. So I decided to wean off of it and am now taking 5mg every other day. I still get the great feeling for about 20 after taking it, and then I feel fairly, but not as tired as I was on 10mg, and unenthused by anything. I&#039;m not sure if I want to keep taking it or not."
"After having two other colonoscopies  I suggest  to drink this without any flavoring,  it taste much better that way.  Adding the flavor only seems to intensify the salty taste 
 I divided the drink up in the 4 quart containers and drank 1 at a time much easier to do.  Drink  it through a straw.  You have less chance of becoming nauseous . I coated my rump as  as suggested by others  who had the prep. It really helped. P.S.  Thank you to all the people who offered suggestions it really helped.  I also drank the prep at room temperature and chilled.  The only difference was at room temperature it was a little bit more salty.
 If you&rsquo;ve ever mixed baking soda and water for heartburn  that&rsquo;s what this prep reminded me of but, actually tasted better.  It was not horrible.
 At the end I replenished with Gatorade. 
I also had 3 more clear BM&rsquo;s the next day  which was the morning of my procedure.  So you might want to wear a protective  pad or something like the depends  or take an extra pair of clothes  in case you can&rsquo;t get to the bathroom fast enough."
"Taken this medicine for urinary tract infection. Pain stopped after taking medicine 1 day. Side effects on day 3 horrible. ..weakness, bad nausea, lightheaded, loss of appetite, and headache."
"I have tried dozens of antidepressants in the past. None of them really worked for me. In 2009 I saw a new doctor who prescribed Pristiq. The beginning side effects weren&#039;t great, I had increased anxiety, night sweats, and trouble sleeping. The side effects only lasted the first week. I recently changed insurance and my copay was quite high, so my doctor decided to try something cheaper, which was Wellbutrin. I was on that for 8 weeks and I never felt worse in my life! I cried all the time, constantly feeling the fight or flight response. The anxiety was unbearable. Recently had my doctor put me back on the Pristiq and all is well. Worth the copay!"
"I failed Copaxone and then Avonex therapy. I started Tysabri in March of 2010. Some improvement in my disability. The only side effect that I get is a two day migraine post infusion. Otherwise, I do NOT miss the shots and flu symptoms. I actually look forward to the 2 hour nap during and after infusion! I recommend this medicine to those that fail on the other ABCs!"
"I have been on Sprycel for 9 month.  Previously on Gleevec for 2 years.  I find Sprycel in the beginning to be wonderful, no side effects.  Now 9 months since I have started, I am experiencing mild to mid level nausea as well as conjunctivitis and dry eye syndrome."
"Started taking it .04 but first retrograde ejaculation...
Then stuffed nose
Then constipation 
Then flutter of heart
That was two weeks now
It did change my counts
To the bathroom from 6 to twice in one evening........"
"I have been on Zoloft for 7 months now and it has really improved my life. The first few weeks were absolutely BRUTAL. Couldn&#039;t focus, super dizzy, nausea, more depressed, etc. However, I stuck with it and after about a month, the depression started to get much better. Of course, I still have my days (who doesn&#039;t?) but I would highly recommend trying Zoloft if you can get through the first few weeks. It truly has changed my life for the better."
"I used this twice a day in my nebulizer and it works great 
for my asthma although I use the strongest dosage 
because nothing else works."
"I tried nuvaring two times over the past two months, keeping it for 3-6 days. Postives: my skin cleared up, I have bad acne around my jawline and it made it all dissapear. I also appeared to have magically shedded fat from my stomach and love handles. I had a very good mood and felt very calm, which is such a nice change from my naturally crappy, angry mood. Now for the negatives: I can&#039;t stand the nuvaring being in me. After it is in a few days, it starts to itch the inside of my vagina. I constantly need to push it far up, and it sits right at the opening when I go to the bathroom, and has to be taken out to go number 2. Also, it made me have sudden intense swelling in my feet, fluid retention. I will try the same progesterone in a pill."
"Neurontin has really helped my Restless leg syndrome."
"I just got my Copper IUD inserted today, and got the Nexplanon removed. The horror stories of insertions are a little ridiculous. I understand everyone has different pain tolerances but there are A LOT worse things that you can go through. I have had 2 kids and thought that the insertion process was no worse than bad cramping. My midwife used the speculum, cleaned off my vagina and cervix with iodine I think it was, measured my uterus, then clamped my cervix(which was uncomfortable but not unbearable), inserted the probe that the IUD was in, and then released the IUD arms and took out the probe and speculum. It was maybe 5 minutes. I highly recommend it!!"
"Took Flagyl and Cipro together - felt worse than I did before - all the side effects everyone is mentioning.  However, the alternative - raging infection - not really an option.   

Taking my diet seriously moving forward."
"Having taken citalopram for 6 weeks my anxiety was awful - every morning from 3 or 4am onwards. 
First mirtazapine tablet was like a miracle - I slept well and for far longer and had zero early morning anxiety. Taking 15 mg which makes me a little drowsy (just 6 days in) but nothing too bad and well worth it to feel normal again."
"I have been taking a generic levothyroxine for about one month. Prior to starting on the drug, I had multiple symptoms of an underactive thyroid that I never connected until my doctor did a routine screening based upon family history. My symptoms included extreme sensitivity to cold, blurry/burning eyes and even an incident of double-vision, inability to concentrate, lethargy, fatigue, lack of motivation, depression - the list goes on and on. Within TWO DAYS of starting this drug, I felt much better and my symptoms were much improved or gone all together. I have not had any side effects so far as I can tell, and I will have my blood checked in a couple of weeks to see if an adjustment in dosage is needed. This drug has changed my life."
"I have I have been taking tri ness for only a couple of days now and my breast are really tender and sore they hurt , sudden movement they hurt . Thinking maybe I should take a pregnancy test or for sure it might just be the pill ."
"UPDATE: 
I started taking phentermine 37.5 mg. on July 19th weighing 177lbs, today is July 30th and I weigh 169lbs. so I&#039;m down 8lbs. I don&#039;t take the medicine everyday sometimes I skip 1 or 2 days &amp; I only take 1/2 a pill to cut down on the side effects plus I don&#039;t want my body becoming dependent on this because I won&#039;t be on it long. I&#039;m happy with my loss &amp; sure it could be more but I&#039;m trying to do this the right way as safe as possible. Will give you another update when I reach my 1st goal of losing 20lbs."
"Okay so I have had vaginal itching and later night, I noticed the discharge. I picked this stuff up not even an hour ago and I&#039;m trying so hard not to rip my vagina off!!! I was already itchy so I applied the anti itch cream after I inserted the little round thing can&#039;t even think of a name! And the cream BURNED SO SO SO BAD, and made the itching so much worse!!! Ten minutes later and I&#039;m feeling very very itchy inside. I hope that&#039;s just it working because I&#039;m dying!!!"
"I was prescribed the Flector Patch a little over a month ago for rotator cuff aggravation. I also suffer from osteoarthritis in my knees with one having had meniscus surgery 3.5 years ago, and also sciatica and disc herniation in lower back ect.  I cannot take NSAIDs orally because they affect my heart rate and blood pressure . I am extremely sensitive to medication.  My ortho doctor prescribed these to try for my shoulder and I was pleasantly surprised that they help as much as they do. I have since tried them for a sciatica flare up, worked very well, and also cut one in half and put each half on a knee last night because I was in a lot of pain , knees are great today! Tape to reinforce, stretch patch 1st . I only use as needed not daily."
"I was introduced to seasonale when i saw my friend have a purple case with pink pills in it. I asked her about her birthcontrol compared to the tri-lo brand pills i was taking. The difference was that with hers you could go three months and not get your period. I thought that was awesome, so i switched from my free pills to the $74 seasonale pills. Ive been on them for a while i think almost a year n a half by now..but recentally ive noticed that my breasts are leaking milk or a white substance, this happens for about a week after my period..every three months but this last week i felt it got worse, i actually had to start pumping my breasts as my body thought i was pregnant. I really felt uncomfortable and so now im changing my pills."
"My doctor started me on Metoprolol after cardiac ablation for Atrial Fibrillation. It actually made my heart rate worse. I was waking up at 2am-5am every single morning in tachycardia of 115-148 bpm. I stopped taking Metoprolol, and have been in normal sinus rhythm ever since. I am glad it works for most, it just did not work for me. Atrial Fibrillation and/or tachycardia is horrible, and they have got to come up with something new for us sufferers soon."
"My diagnosis:  Major Depressive Disorder, GAD, ADD.  I have been on 40 mg of Strattera for over a month and have noticed a major decrease in my anxiety and uncontrolled thoughts.  It has only improved my ADD a small degree.  I have not seen any decrease in appetite maybe an increase. No weight loss and two pound gain.  Only side effects first two weeks were heart palpitations.  Please give this medicine at least two weeks before quitting.  I almost quit due to the palpitations (which were severe at times).  But now only positive results.  Drugs I am on:  Lamictal, Wellbutrin XR, Strattera 40mg."
"I went to the doctor three days ago and my doctor prescribed cefdinir. I have a double ear infection, sinus infection, bronchitis, and there was the possibility of strep. So she decided to kill 4 birds with one stone. I have been running a 101-102 temp while alternating Ibuprofen and Tylenol every two to three hours. I can&#039;t manage to get warm and stay that way. I&#039;ve been battling not having a voice for about 7 and a half months now, I almost had it back til I got sick this time, and ever since I started taking this medicine it&#039;s getting worse. I get nauseous even if I eat with it."
"I used to get diarrhea with my panic attacks and Imodium A.D made it possible for me to still travel. It works almost instantly, it stops the got to go feeling instantaneously."
"I am a 33 yr old female. I&#039;ve been on Celexa 10mg for 2 weeks now. I am so glad I my doctor offered me this; it is amazing in so many ways. I needed something for my bad mood swings, and I was depressed also. Celexa has made me not worry about all the things that don&#039;t matter, its giving me more energy, and I feel so much more free in a way, I feel happier. My fiance has noticed a big change in me. The only thing I noticed was I&#039;m more thirsty and I wake up a little earlier, but other then that everything is great! I really recommend this to anyone who needs something for your mood, depression, or even worrying too much and I was always against medicine like this. I never wanted it, now I wish I would have asked for it sooner."
"Taking Arimidex for just short of four years. Horrible bone and joint pain. Pain meds leave me unable to function. Insomnia, shortness of breath, chest pains. Thousands of dollars on tests that show nothing. Treated like a nut case. Oncologist finally said stop taking it, but gave me nothing for pain. Trip to ER , prescribed oxycodone which works, but knocks me out and grog continues for two days after taking it! Oncologist says recurrence is 8% without Arimidex, 5% with it. I will not continue this torture for a mere 3%! This is no way to live."
"On may 12,2015  i was 228 lbs i decided to make a lifestyle change being that
i try everything to loose the weight. I must say i had no side effects, i feel great
and my whole attitude about how i feel about food has change complete.
I lost a total of 17 lbs in five weeks , i am in love with this pill and the changes that it has done for me."
"I took this birth control for 6 months. I always got my period early. ( usually last hormone pill) First month I got my period a week early and on white and brown pills. Lots of break thru bleeding. Changing my birth control now, I have had bleeding for a week. ( Mid pack, hormone pills) Mood changes. Only reason I gave 2 stars was I didn&#039;t get pregnant."
"I have a 50% compression fracture of my L1 and Celebrex is the only thing that will alleviate the pain. Unfortunately it upsets my stomach."
"Most horrible prep imaginable.  Hardly any substance passing just caustic yellow fluid.  My skin is raw and bleeding.  I will never have another colonoscopy, ever."
"I had a DVT in my right lower calf muscle. I was on a training schedule and was very intense workouts, I did lots of flying for work and as well taking some supplements my blood became thicker and ended with my calf swelling up. I&#039;ve been in xarelto for the last four months first two months were all good now in the the last two months the side effects of it have really out of it started getting sore ribs and on my sternum feels like my body has spasms.  Sometimes I can&#039;t bare the pain I&#039;m also on tramadol to calm my spasms I don&#039;t like tramadol because I don&#039;t feel in control I get fatigued faster and tired easily does anybody else get these side effects from xarelto"
"I was on the depo for a little under a year. The main reason I stopped taking it was because of the weight gain. Either way, while being on the shot, my period stopped completely, which is the main reason I chose it. I just recently switched to the pill and have been bleeding during sex, which is concerning, but never happened when I was on the shot. In all, when I was on the shot I probably gained a total of 10-15 pounds, which I can&#039;t fully blame the shot for. Other than that, I did not have any issues with any other side effects while I was using this form of birth control."
"I&#039;ve had fibromyalgia for 15 years.  My Doctor suggested I try Savella.  He took me off Zoloft that I had been taking for over 20 yrs. He started me on a half of a dose to help with the nausea. It really worked with the pain and a little less Fibromyalgia fog. The only drawback was I got very short with people and couldn&#039;t handle stress. The Doctor put me back on half the Zoloft I had been on and all is well. It did not help with the chronic fatigue but I still would give it a 10"
"This has been prescribed by my doctor as an add on antidepressant to Lexapro which I am taking- as Lexapro did not seem to be working just by itself. I think this medication is pretty good. Overall I feel much less depressed since taking it, and almost feel back to my old self. The only side effect I get with this medication is sweating. I would definitely recommend this medicine to other people."
"So just as I&#039;ve read everyone is stating there horrible symptoms.. For me after incerting the application I instantly felt a itching, causing me to freak out and Google if it should cause itching, leading me to this sight. I have a slight pain/ burning, but I removed some of the cream, and will douche the rest out as soon as my boyfriend comes to save the day. My pain is at a 3 more uncomfortable then anything but from reading the comments I thought it would be in my best interest to remove the rest before the pain gets worse.. WOULD NOT RECOMEND AT ALL"
"Great. Been taking it for years."
"Just finishing up my 2nd pack just got my period after being two months late. I had a little spotting Saturday no pain Sunday little more blood severe pain like never before. Monday back pain was insane and my cramps hurt so bad I ended up in the ER. Today is day 3 and my cramps a horrible as well as back pain. I read comments its just your body adjusting but man I have never had this pain before its the absolute worse!
First 2 weeks I took mine everyday at 7:30am I notice it made me so nauseous like never before so I now I take it everyday at 11:30 after I have eaten food and that really helped. I will say it did control my acne and it does make me eat a little bit more than usual however my cramps are so bad I&#039;m thinking of getting off them"
"I have been on Avapro about a week and do not really have any noticeable side effects. Beta blockers are much worse for making you tired. Avapro seems to have helped my blood pressure a little but not as much as my beta blockers.  The only thing I noticed is a dry cough by I am not sure if that is the Avapro or allergies.  I take 100 mg of CO-Q10 once a day and that has helped with the side effects of the beta blockers and it may be helping me not see side effects of Avapro, for anyone who feels fatigue and takes blood pressure medication, try CO-Q10, its got low risk for side effects and tends to helps to bring back energy level that are partially caused by depleted CO-Q10 when you take blood pressure medication."
"Seemed to have no effect on my  URTI. No sickness from this antibiotic but I experience head pressure."
"I used accutane about 6 years ago when I was 19 for 6 months -I don&#039;t remember the dose- it cleared up my skin, but just a few short months later the acne was back.  My skin is nowhere where it was when I started using accutane, but it is pretty bad, so I am going to be doing a second treatment.  I am a little scard this time because I am actually researching it and they make you wait a month before you can get a prescription which is a lot of time to have to think about it. I just can&#039;t deal with the acne anymore. I also heard that the second treatment usually &quot;cures&quot; the problem. I am really hoping that this will be it."
"I was just taken off my previous meds 200 mg Lamictal 30 mg Prozac after a week of involuntary commitment and put on 30/40 mg Latuda one daily at bedtime ..I feel confused ..manic..I&#039;m not completely sure if I&#039;m awake or dreaming most of the time ..I think I was given a placebo ! This crap isn&#039;t working for me.I just wanna be normal I have ZERO motivation to do anything"
"My mom is bipolar and for the longest time I thought I had it too. Lack of energy, restlessness, cold sweats, pain in my back from osteoporosis from low testosterone. This went on for years. I went to my doctor a month ago and my T level was 90 out of 1,080 and I&#039;m only 27 years old. The difference really is night and day once you build up a good amount of Testosterone in your system. I feel ten years younger and I want to be physically active again, been playing more sports in the last month and a half then several years combined, prior to the shots. I&#039;m supposed to start taking Androgel soon, I hope that is pretty effective also."
"I&#039;ve always been a sufferer of chronic constipation.  Thought that Amitiza would be my miracle pill. Here are my pros and cons:
Pro - When I actually go, I REALLY go. I&#039;m not feeling left bloated and cramped. 

Con - I&#039;m usually nauseous for about an hour after taking my pills. I&#039;m not able to go on my own. I have to use a Fleet to get things going."
"I needed to get on the lowest dose acceptable because it made me very tired but it controlls the symptoms very well no more paranoia, hallucinations, delusions etc. The best one I&#039;ve tried so far."
"This medication helps me stay focused at work. I used to have problems reading long groups on letters an numbers for verification. Using Adderall XR has cured this problem with no side effects."
"My wife and I had been taking 10 mg hydrocodones for 15 years like they were tic tacs. I worried about myself and my wife getting off these. We got suboxone and I have not used in almost a month. My wife only took a half a suboxone a day for 3 weeks. She has not taken any Suboxone in a couple of days and is fine. I have been taking 1 x 8 mg tablet a day for the past 3 weeks . We really wanted to quit and without suboxone this would have been impossible. I wish I would have taken this a few years ago, we blew a lot of money. Good Luck to everyone. The main thing is to know in your heart that you want to be a better person for the ones you love and suboxone will really help."
"I think some folks may be confused about what this is supposed to do and the days it takes to do it. It restores your skin&#039;s own barrier to help heal and prevent a &quot;break&quot; = eczema and atopic dermatitis. You put it on first, then your prescription a few minutes later, if you need one. You use it for at least 2-4 weeks to strengthen your own skin from the damaged outer layer so it stops and prevents an active break(out). Almost nothing worked on me, including &quot;shielding lotions.&quot; From their  instructions: Should EpiCeram&reg; be prescribed along with corticosteroids or a topical immunomodulator, it is recommended to apply EpiCeram&reg; just a few minutes before applying steroids or topical immunomodulator to allow proper penetration."
"Okay so I did the worst possible thing and not read the packaging. Thought they where an instant fix not hours so when after half hour I took the first one and nothing I took another two. And then after an hour another two. I repeat. READ THE PACKAGING. Two hours later I had the worst diarreah of my life visiting a sick relative. Since then which was 7 hours ago I haven&#039;t been able to get up off the toilet. These work but please don&#039;t be an absolute idiot like I was and take that many. There is nothing left to come out of me but it&#039;s still coming. It feels like Satan is trying to rip my heart out through my anus."
"I have been taking 100mcg for six weeks. This medicine has improved my life. Before levothyroxine, I tried diet, supplements and herbs, I kept getting worse. I developed strange muscle pains, weight gain, insomnia, extreme hot and cold flushes, no energy, a very bad attitude and suicidal thoughts. I woke up more tired than when I went to bed. Within three weeks of starting the drug I feel normal again. No leg pain, positive attitude, I sleep better, wake up refreshed. I do have some stomach upset (bad gas) from it and dry lips but the benefits far out weigh the negative."
"Invokana brought my blood sugar down to between 160 &amp; 245 (not much of a drop however), gave me a constant, excruciating UTI and yeast infections, and did my liver a lot of harm during the 2 months I took it"
"I started off on 20mg and it did not work very well. I was very angry and still very distracted. Although i felt like that was the first time I&#039;ve ever been actually able to focus on daily activities. Things peaked my interest more resulting in more productive energy. Due to my short temper when I started, my doctor prescribed me to Ritalin and that was THEE WORST experience of my life. After that, we tried Strattera which was even worse. I&#039;d get sick to my stomach and just feel so drugged up. After a few different dosages she prescribed 30mg of vyvanse. I&#039;ve never felt so productive and aware. I havent ever realized before this, how many impulsive decisions I make without thinking about the effects. Vyvanse has made me more self aware."
"Hi all. As a summary, please continue using your meds and keep in touch with your doctor. I don&#039;t know your personal case but it helped me and I feel better than before I had symptoms. 

The first 4 months were awful feeling weak, victim. Thanks to my wife&#039;s support I continued. 5-7 months things seemed to bother me less and less. I started focusing on solutions rather than problems. 8-10 months(now) I feel powerful and can stand against the issues and people that bothers me. Keep in mind again, everybody is different and this med may not be your cure. It helped me and I helped myself for getting better. I gave 8 out of 10 because of initial side effects. For me it turned out that it is worth."
"I&#039;m only on day 1 with 40mg dose, but I noticed the front of my brain hurts and I&#039;m endlessly thirsty. Getting up and sitting down has made me a little dizzy also. Hope it gets better with time or I&#039;ll ask doc for a change of meds."
"For my migrains, back spasms, and sciatica, this was a fantastic find.  I take as needed, which is weekly.  I have sleep problems and it helped with that too.  I take an hour before bed, drink plenty of water with it and in the morning.  After a shower, I&#039;m alert again.  Sometimes, for whatever reason, I do have drowsiness, but maybe that is hormone related or dosage.  I suspect it builds up and then my body hangs on to it at times more than others.  Water and nap and I&#039;m usually back.  A quick walk to get the blood moving.  I&#039;m disappointed I can&#039;t do more with my lower back problems - therapy, strength training, yoga, etc.  Surgery won&#039;t work.  This drug has made my year so much better.  Thinking of a themepark first time in yr"
"63 yr old male with diabetes. I have 8 heart stents and after the last had trouble controlling my high blood pressure and pulse average 160/110 with a pulse of 110. I took Bystolic 5 mgs for the first time this afternoon from samples from my doctor. I was feeling better until I noticed someone on this forum mention diabetes. My normally controlled diabetes was 300! I haven&#039;t hit this high in over 15 years. Some part may be attributed to the fact that I just got a steriod shot in my back, but 300 is way high for me. My A1C is usually 6.8. "
"First off, I am a 28 yo with no children.  I was extremely excited to get Paragard.  I don&#039;t do well on hormones and my husband and I don&#039;t want children so a long term solution seemed like the best idea  (bonus: my insurance covered it!)  Insertion was painful, but the 600mg of ibuprofen I took prior helped.  Apparently if you have had kids it&#039;s less painful.  My first period after was worse than normal but no bloodbath, cramps were sharper but not unbearable.  Then I kept spotting.  And spotting.  And spotting.  After my first period I have not gone a single day without bleeding 3 months later.  And I get a sharp pain when I climax during sex (but otherwise sex is painless, hubs can&#039;t feel a thing.)  Considering removal now :("
"joint pain, no energy, no enthusiasm for social life, tiredness, weakness, low appetite.
Femara is extending my life. I know this since I have been in remission for 5 years after taking Femara. My breast cancer started in right breast 32 years ago. Chemo and Radiation therapy stopped it for 22 years but 5 years ago it matastasized to lung and bones. This is when the oncologist prescribed Femara. I&#039;m now in my &quot;golden&quot; years, a widow for 16 years but determined to find relief for this pain and relief from this depression so I can be happy and enjoy life."
"I use Daytrana for Adult ADHD. Unlike most other ADHD medicines (except maybe Vyvanse), it is very smooth, meaning there is no crash at the end of the day, or big jolt in the morning.  I just feel very calm and I can concentrate much better and it&#039;s the best ADD medicine I&#039;ve tried. I take 30mgs and keep it on 12-16 hours. A few things in reference to other raters. Some doctors allow the patch to be on for 24 hours.  That would help with the child that had problems in the evening (something to ask your doctor about). The patch was originally designed for 24 hours (so there is enough medicine in the patch to wear it that long), but during clinical trials, there were skin issues hence the 9 hour limit. "
"Well, to start off I&#039;m 16 years old and I have very strange/heavy periods so this birth control pill was prescribed to me by my doctor. So far I&#039;m down to my last 4 pills of the first month and I don&#039;t have any negative effects from it. My acne before this pill was a bit severe, now its starting to clear up, a lot actually, I haven&#039;t had my period yet but I&#039;m assured its on its way, I&#039;m not moody, my cup size went from a C to a D, and I&#039;m almost sure I&#039;ve actually lost weight! Also, my appetite isn&#039;t as strong as it used to be which is strange, I don&#039;t eat exactly healthy but I do consume food in smaller portions and I work out a couple of times a week. I&#039;m just very pleased with it right now, girls you should definitely try it."
"I grabbed a &quot;Fresh Mint&quot; bottle by Top Care in the store because it looks similar to Head &amp; Shoulders.

If you have ever used Burt&#039;s Bees lip balm, and liked the feel of that, just think:  this stuff is like Burt&#039;s Bees on your head!

Long story short, even without any scalp condition, I have found that this is invigorating. Definitely try it."
"Worst mistake of my life!! I had one 3 month shot when I was 17 and I&#039;m still regretting it (I&#039;m 21 now). I was pretty much paralyzed while on it. I couldn&#039;t move on my own. I needed help to even sit up in bed. I missed so much school/work and cried almost all day every day. I was in so much more pain. I was constantly sick (vomiting, nausea, painful bowel movements, headaches, joint pains) and the menopause symptoms were absolutely crazy. I still to this day have stomach issues I didn&#039;t have before. I have bone density loss as well. I will never recommend this drug to any woman. It is not meant for us."
"Worse thing I have ever purchased in my life. Coughing worsens with this and didn&#039;t let me sleep all night. Triggers dry throat and cough attacks."
"It felt like my insides were burning. I quickly douched and then douched some more so the medication, if that&#039;s what you want to call it would get out of me. I actually filled up a douche 3 times with warm water and straddled the toilet in pain. The burning stopped about 1 hour later, but I could not imagine leaving that cream in me for any longer. They need to recall!"
"I&#039;ve been given Zofran pre op and post op for all ten surgeries, including my hysterectomy since I always have nausea and vomiting before/after surgery. I&#039;ve even got Zofran during ER visits for migraines, gallstones, and ovarian cyst ruptures. This is my go to antimetic and I even have the ODT   in my nightstand in case I ever get too nauseous. Amazing drug!"
"I have been on this pill for about a year now and in the beginning it made me super nauseous for the first week and then the first few months I was constantly hungry 24/7. Then I began to notice some odd side effects like randomly throwing up (in morning) when switching from sugar pills back to the birth control ones. I believe this pill has also given me a very weak stomach and I always feel sick after eating anything. Besides those side effects the pill has done the job for me and gave me bigger boobs so thx sprintec"
"expensive"
"I have had the birth control for 4 years now in the first 3 years I was fine. Ever since I got it replaced after the 3rd year I just cant take it anymore. I just like the side affects of it I&#039;m always tired at work which is bad because I tend to fall asleep without even knowing it. I have no energy all I really want to do is stay in the bed and sleep. I&#039;ve even slept a whole day literally only got up to eat and went back to sleep. When my period comes my back hurts really bad and I get really bad cramps. I have mood swings all the time. I cry unexpectedly I feel very depressed I sit in the dark at my house every day. Don&#039;t get me wrong this birth control works really good but the side effects for me are becoming to extreme."
"Levora made me an emotional MESS! I will pay more for Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, which I was on for 7 years with NO problems. I switched because Levora is cheaper. I am tired of crying at the drop of a hat and feeling &quot;strange&quot;.  I realize that every person is different."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot for about 11 months and so far I love it!  It&#039;s much easier than taking a pill every day and I didn&#039;t like the idea of Nuvaring or an IUD.  I was practically bed-ridden by pain during that time of the month and now I barely notice a thing.  When I first started with the shots I still had my period but it was irregular, lighter, and less painful.  Now I&#039;ve reached a point where I might have light spotting once during a shot cycle.  Pills sent me into a temporary depression and lowered my libido. I haven&#039;t noticed either with the shot.  I will have a bone density test done, but otherwise I love the Depo shot!"
"I had low sex drive, super irregular periods, and some acne before I started Sprintec about two months ago. My sex drive has certainly improved but now I am bloated so often and my acne is INSANE! I had perfect skin all through high school and I have tried just about everything. Maybe I have to wait longer for my skin to even out or maybe it is just a lot of estrogen that my body was so obviously lacking but I am not pleased."
"I&#039;m on Faslodex and Ibrance. My cancer was in my lymph nodes near my clavicle, on T10, T11, T12, L5, on my Sacrum and spread around my pelvis in a lot of little spots, plus it was in my hip joint. My organs were spared, but it was scary since it was in my lymph nodes. I&#039;ve been on Faslodex since August 2016 and I started Ibrance in September 2016. In just two months, all of my lesions have shrunk and there&#039;s no new metabolic activity surrounding what remains. I take my Ibrance at night and don&#039;t feel dizzy or nauseous. I don&#039;t feel too great if I eat too much, but as long as I eat light meals, my energy is good and I feel normal. I do feel fatigued from time to time, but a quick nap leaves me feeling refreshed."
"I was prescribed this medication after a burn injury. My scars caused  intensive itching! I was ordered to take two tablets by mouth four times a day as needed for itching. Initially after my accident the medicine helped. I didn&#039;t really notice the side effects because I was on pain medication as well. Now here we are six months after my  accident. last night I had a really bad itching episode. I could not sleep. I decided to take the two Atarax. I slept through the entire night and the next day.  I woke up to a text message after text message from coworkers and my boss wondering why I didn&#039;t show to work!"
"I took Prozac when I was about 20 years old, and I felt a complete depression lift. My Mom and Sister benefited from it for treatment of depression as well. I&#039;m 30 now and currently back to battling anxiety and depression. I&#039;m reading a book called Learned Optimism, and I&#039;m working on changing my &quot;explanatory style&quot; from pessimistic to optimistic. Your explanatory style, (how to perceive and deal with stressors in your life) and be a number 1 contributing factor for depression and other mental health issues. I&#039;m debating starting Prozac again, or just wait for the depression to lift on it&#039;s own as my own thought process changes from negative to positive. I&#039;m just ready for the depression to leave now."
"I love Lexapro. I was having chest pain daily along with my heart skipping beats due to stress and anxiety. I began taking Lexapro and hardly ever have chest pain. I feel like myself again. I have gained a good bit of weight, but for me it is worth not having daily chest pains and anxiety."
"This is the best medicine I&#039;ve ever used for my medium Rosacea! I&#039;ve been using it for 8 days and the change in my skin is amazing. The texture has gone smooth from bumpy and feels super. My skin is also much less red. This is a terrific product."
"Put on silodosin for decreased urine flow. After four days on the meds I came but didn&#039;t ejaculate. Not taking it anymore. I wasn&#039;t told it was a side effect, scared the life out if me tbh. Fortunately my wife is medically qualified and researched the side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on Mononessa for about 5 months now and I don&#039;t have any serious issues. When I first began taking it I did experience some nausea that went away after a week. I figure it was just my body getting used to it since this is my first time using birth control. I have suspected slight moodiness/ sensitivity but nothing too extreme."
"I take 2500mg Depakote per day for rapid cycling bipolar disorder and it works very well. I&#039;ve been taking this dose for 4 years. Few side effects apart from the inevitable weight gain and some hair loss. Depakote keeps the mood swings away for good and doesn&#039;t impair my movements or thoughts. I prefer this mood stabilizer. "
"Got mine 4 months now. So disappointed. Have my period non stop and my face looks terrible! I want it removed asap and get back on Yaz. My skin was in perfect condition while I was on Yaz."
"Originally my doctor prescribed me Klonopin (anti-anxiety medicine) and I took it for a year and started to feel very slow. I had a very blunt expression on my face and my family started to begin to think I was depressed. I saw another doctor and he prescribed me Prozac. It has relieved much of my depression and anxiety. I smile more and I think a bit clearer now. I don&#039;t worry all the time and I actually feel worth something. The first 3-4 weeks you don&#039;t see much improvement but once you hit 2 months you start to feel a lot better (at least I did). However, there are some sexual side effects, and you can feel drowsy. "
"This med is horrible!  First of all I do not see how the FDA approved this. The side effects are unbearable. It caused me extreme nausea, dry mouth, and a zombie like feeling. 
In the beginning I felt wired and had insomnia. Then I was really sleepy. I had to take naps. I felt very irritable and just out if it. I had constipation and a itchy burning rash appeared on my skin. I lost a few pounds the first week but that was only because I was too sick to eat. I would not recommend this even if it was free!"
"I&#039;m 24 years old; I&#039;ve had the Mirena for 2 1/2 years now. I&#039;ve been getting migraines and horrible headaches since I was 17. Having the Mirena hasn&#039;t helped my headaches, but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s made them worst either. I am happy with the way I don&#039;t and haven&#039;t had a period since the insertion and my cramps are nothing like the ones I got during every period. There is no burning up, cold sweats, or nausea. I have had strange tight cramping when the weather gets colder that lasts a couple of minutes to an hour and lower back pain with every cramp. I also can&#039;t find the wires every month, but find them some of the time. My sex drive has increased and my partner can&#039;t feel the wires during. Overall I&#039;m pleased with the Mirena."
"my mother was prescribed imdur this after heart attack stent placement. She had horrible body aches and felt like her body was crushed, worst pain of her life she said.   plus her feet were on fire and her body was ice cold she was shivvering and couldn&#039;t see so it affected her eyes too"
"I have just completed my first month on Contrave.  I have lost 9 pounds.  I didn&#039;t experience any significant side effects.  I was nervous at first because I didn&#039;t want something influencing my mind but the only thing it influenced was my appetite.  I am less hungry all the time.  I often have to force myself to eat.  I am working on making better eating choices and exercising.  So far so good!  I just purchased my second month supply and am eager to keep losing the weight.  I will post again after this supply is finished."
"I have very bad hormonal acne and have been on Spironolactone for that issue. When I started this birth control everything seemed fine, but when I started the 2nd pack everything went downhill. I broke out very bad every single day and night. I bled every time my boyfriend and I became intimate. I got very, very depressed. Luckily my boyfriend is understanding. He couldn&#039;t believe how different I was. I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and quit halfway through the 3rd pack. It was good at preventing pregnancy."
"This is a excellent medication I have lost 53lbs only on the injection alone know more hbp or know  more diabetes at all the is a wonder drug..."
"Update: 4 weeks and 6 kg down (28kg to go), just started full dose with no side affects, no lingering affects. Hunger back slightly but still cannot eat large portions, feel full all the time, sugar cravings continue to be significantly reduced. Interesting bonus is not feeling like drinking alcohol-one/two glass of wine is enough for me now, if at all. Just got my first script filled @ $387 AUS for one month at the pharmacy, ouch. My private health insurance (Medibank Private) covers some - will provide update of how much next post after I submit the claim. Tip: you still need to eat well (reduced calories) and more often, and if you feel full STOP eating!! Listen to your body..."
"I only use it when I&#039;m having a panic attack (5mg) and it&#039;s incredibly effective. Just knowing it&#039;s there can be enough to stave off panic. Should never be used for mild anxiety, or used regularly, because it&#039;s important to use your own resources to deal with that, and you can become tolerant - but for those occasions when you feel you&#039;re losing control, there&#039;s nothing more effective that Diazepam. Doctors hate prescribing it - they assume you don&#039;t know how to use it responsibly."
"I am not one to write reviews, but I&#039;m compelled to warn others about the serious side effects I&#039;ve experienced. I took Gianvi after I took Yaz, and because both pills contain the same amount of hormones, I thought that I will have the same, fine experience with Gianvi as I did with Yaz. Upon my first week into the pill, I became depressed and dealt with some serious anxiety. These mental symptoms only worsened as the days progressed and as I approached the end of the pack, I suffered constant suicidal thoughts. Once I realized that this pill was the cause of my madness, I immediately stopped. It&#039;s been 2 days since I last took the pill and I feel better already. Also, the pill did nothing for my moderately to severe acne."
"I started taking this birth control in September when my acne started to become uncontrollable. It has helped immensely with my hormonal skin issues. However, I started breaking out along my cheeks where I had never previously broken out before. I realized this area was related to stomach issues and read that birth control can kill the good bacteria in the stomach lining. If you&#039;re experiencing break outs along your cheeks I highly recommend taking a probiotic daily in conjunction with your birth control! It has helped immensely!! My skin is looking so much better! However, each month I seem to get really depressed right before the week of the placebo pills and am hoping this side effect subsides!! Just be very wary of this!!"
"I had Mirena placed in January 2012 to help with very heavy periods and low iron. Relatively comfortable placement, by a GP who specializes in women&#039;s wellness. Felt strong cramps for about 15 seconds during placement, other than that it felt like getting a pap. First month constant spotting and bleeding. Headaches. Cramps. (Very unusual for me but also very manageable). First period 30 days after placement 75% reduction in bleeding and days of period as compared to my normal periods.
The headaches and cramping form the first month slowly dissipated, and now I don&#039;t get either anymore. 
I have not had a period since February, took a pregnancy test just to be safe, it was negative. I didn&#039;t expect much from Mirena...what a great surprise!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Lo Estrin FE for about 2-3 years.  I was having severe mood swings whenever I was on the white or brown pills, anger follow by depression.  When I told my Doctor, she said I could take the blue pills continuously and now I have no periods, no cramps, and no mood swings.  Last week I missed a pill and took it 12 hours late (in the morning), a few days later I was severely depressed and had breast tenderness that lasted 2-3 days.  Usually it&#039;s perfect, but a few hours with out it can cause days of depression, so I recommend others use it with caution and I would not recommend for anyone that cannot take the pill at exactly the same time daily.  Also you can run into insurance coverage issues by skipping 4 pills a pack."
"20mg citralopam caused me to have severe anxiety attacks, feel like I cannot relax ever, cannot sleep, I feel dizzy all the time and nauseous, and its given me horrible digestive problems. I have taken Zoloft and Paxil and with good results for years, but started having sexual dysfunction and was switched to citalopram. It stopped my crying spells but I feel like my depression is still there. I just cannot let out my feelings due to this medicine.  Only positive is that I can just barely manage to function sexually. I am really surprised to see all these good reviews on here as to how it made others less anxious and more positive and social and even drowsy as it has had the total opposite effect on me."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena since March of 2015. It was a painful insertion. Since then, I&#039;ve had migraines on a regular basis, acne, and decreased sex drive. I don&#039;t know if I should call them periods, but for weeks at a time since the insertion, there&#039;s the old super dark brown blood discharge. My OB-GYN put me on some medication for the bleeding, but it hasn&#039;t worked. I plan on getting it removed within the next couple of weeks."
"I got this birth control Dec.2 2014 and since then I&#039;ve had my period. .. it stopped for about a month a few weeks ago but then came right back! I&#039;ve gained 25 pounds, I don&#039;t want to have sex, plus who wants to have sex on their period!? It gets caught on things also and pulls my skin and hurts like hell when it happens.. I wish I never got this birth control. .."
"Garbage. It takes it away for a little while and right back again it comes. I been going through this for 15 years now. As far as I&#039;m concerned this medicine causes it to reoccur which I feel like the government and pharmaceuticals  purposely did to make MONEY."
"WORSE BIRTH CONTROL I&#039;VE HAD TO ENDURE.
I started this pill in August of 2015 after not having been on the pill for several years.  I read that it would give me lighter periods and since it was low-hormone, it wouldn&#039;t have many side effects.

Do NOT always take what you read as true.

The first 3 months I was on this, my face broke out horribly. I never had problems with acne, even in high school. This pill caused me to have severe breakouts on my chin. Not just pimples or a blackhead here or there, severe welt-like acne underneath the skin&#039;s surface.

To add to that, from August 2015-March 2016 I gained 30 pounds.  There has been no significant change in my diet OR activity level. Triphasil-28/Trivora-28 never caused me these problems!!"
"Given me a better quality of life"
"i have sciatica since i was 15.......hounestly i take tramadol sometimes...and it doesn&#039;t work !!!.... voltaren is good to keep the pain within acceptable limits...but it doesn&#039;t eliminate it."
"I have been taking 50mg of Pristiq for about 5 weeks now, and just started taking 100 mg a couple days ago. I am 31 yrs old, but have been on antidepressants for 10 yrs. I&#039;ve tried many SSRI&#039;s (Lexapro for several yrs) and never felt much better at all. I remained depressed and began to try to accept that this is just what my life would be. Finally, about 2 months ago my Drs office began doing genetic testing which can guide them on what medicines your body will respond best to. So Pristiq it was. I think my mood has lifted somewhat. I&#039;m really hoping it will improve even more as studies show full benefits take 6-8 weeks. "
"I was a recon marine 1989/1999 and saw action in Kuwait, Somalia and Bosnia. I came home and self medicated with alcohol to escape the mental strains of what I had to do there. After marrying my wife, and enjoying what I thought what a normal retired Marine life was, she realized I had a problem. After getting me to commit to a mental health regiment , the doctor prescribed Serequel. With a 100mg starting dose, twice a day, the drinking that I&#039;ve been doing for 10 years every night stopped completely. I&#039;m now Taking 300 milligrams 2 times a day and have no ill effects. To the contrary, my dreams are so peaceful that I can&#039;t wait to lay down and go to sleep. I have experienced the herky jerky muscle movements at times when I walk, but  not"
"My mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer&#039;s several years ago. As the disease progressed so did her paranoia anxiety and sundowners syndrome. She was put on Celexa which only made her sleep all day and have horrific nightmares. The doctor put her on Rispersal and her behaviors changed overnight. She became manageable, and helpful and no more sundowners. Her sleep pattern improved and the night terrors ceased. She has past recently from heart failure but our last year together was much improved"
"This medicine is the best - fast acting and relieves pain, spasms associated with urinary tract infections. Highly recommend it."
"I DO NOT recommend this birth control to anyone. Immediately after starting this medication I felt a complete shift in my emotions and I was constantly finding myself lashing out at my boyfriend and getting mad at every little thing which is nothing like myself. I had little to no acne before starting this pill and it caused me to start breaking out with cystic acne all around my mouth and chin. The only reason I&#039;m giving it 2 stars is because I didn&#039;t get pregnant the 7 months I&#039;ve been on it. Other than that this pill is awful. My doc said to wait 6 months for the pill to completely balance out but I can&#039;t stand it anymore cause it&#039;s only getting worse. My depression and anxiety is at an all time high, and my relationship is now suffering"
"I am now on my 5th month of Yaz and I have zero acne, best decision I&#039;ve ever made. I first started noticing a difference after the 2sd week, the acne I had started healing and I stopped breaking out (I use get at least one or two new pimples a week, and get a bunch around my period) after the first month I stopped  getting acne all together and I only had some scars. By the second month my scar finally faded and now in my fifth month my skin is completely clear. Everyone is different but I would definitely recommend trying this!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for almost 3 months and it works very well for my migraines! Before I was having 5-10 migraines/month, each lasting for days. It&#039;s wonderful to not be in pain. I still get a migraine once in awhile but they&#039;re not severe. I get migraines from stress, my period qnd being out in the heat/sun too long.  Side effects I&#039;ve experienced are dry mouth, excessive sweating, sleepiness and the most troubling is weight gain.  I&#039;ve gained about 7lbs so far.  I&#039;m 32, pretty active, workout and eat sensibly but I do have a sweet tooth on occasion. I&#039;ve never had a weight problem before so this bothers me quite a bit.  I&#039;m not too upset though since I&#039;m able to live my life now.  Tried many other medicines with temporary relief or none at all."
"Please find more information about this birth control before agreeing to get it like I did. It is not a one size fits all kind of thing. A friend of mine had it and she had no side effects and a bonus of no period. It sounded perfect but for me the side effects are not worth it. My period lasts three months at a time with cramps, head aches, and is harder to lose weight. Also if someone does get pregnant with it the baby will be developing in the wrong place and die. Since everyone&#039;s body reacts differently there is no telling how it will be for you until you get it.. so do not get it. That&#039;s my opinion. The pill worked better for me."
"SUBOXONE TREATMENT SAVED MY LIFE! After 3 years of praying to get off VicodinES (2-4 pills daily), I found Suboxone. I had no withdrawal symptoms, felt great the whole 4 months of taking it. I only needed to use 2mg per day (1mg in the am., 1mg in the pm.). I did experience extreme constipation, but that orange fiber drink helped a lot. I am so grateful for this, and feel so sorry for those who had stressful stories about it."
"I got Nexplanon implanted a little over a month and a half ago and I am loving it. After inserted it bruised and hurt like anything  but that was over in about 3 days. Then 2 weeks after I got it inserted I got my first period (I was supposed to have my regular period 2 days after insertion) and it was okay. It went just like my regular period lasting 4 days but I didn&#039;t have and cramping or major break outs during this time like usual, the only thing that was different was I spotted for 6 days after that. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, no acne, no cravings, no mood swings, nothing at all. I&#039;m a 19 year old who weighs 145lbs."
"I started Saxenda in November 2016, the week before Thanksgiving. It is January 31, 2017. I am 5&#039; 1&quot; and when I started Saxenda I weighed 205 lbs. I now weigh 178 lbs. I have been able to come off of my blood pressure meds and I no longer need my CPAP when I sleep at night. I have less joint pain and I no longer get winded walking up a flight of stairs.The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced are nausea with each titration up of the medication, mild headache the first few weeks, nasty sulphur burps, and diarrhea. I haven&#039;t had any constipation. None of the side effects were severe enough to make me consider stopping the medication."
"I had diarhea from my IBS and Took 4 doses of 100 mg over a period of a week, and had a severe case of pain due to sphincter oddi.  The pain was so severe in chest, back and abdomen and radiated down right arm.  Also severe confusion and fainting prior to pain onset.  The pain was immediate with no warning. I was transported by EMS to the ER.   I was given trial packages that did not include side effects.    It did stop the diarrhea , but the side effects were not worth it."
"I was on 20mg for a few years which worked well.  Still had some stressful periods with relationship issues.  I then went to 40mg and  I kinda felt more confident - the stress proof feeling.  Some people say this is only a placebo effect but its not entirely.
Drawbacks are slight zombie feeling sometimes - and probably a bit more restless  - but normally results in me getting more work done.  My doctor said to try to go down to 20mg.  When I varied the dose, I had a cold and some work stress at the same time and it wasn&#039;t very good.  I would recommend having some psychologist support for changing doses.  You need a proper plan.  My family doctor didnt really give me a plan."
"Been on Parnate (tranylcypromine) for about 17 years. Like many others felt like a guinea pig when I was first diagnosed. Went through about a dozen different psychiatrists. They all just tried different meds trying to find one that would work. I or anyone else could have done that. One convinced me to have ECT which I did against my better judgement. It was a nightmare of torture! After the first two I lost all sense of time as well as my memory. I had 14 ECT treatments and was nothing more than a zombie! To get it to stop I said I wasn&#039;t depressed any more. Finally found a Dr. that used Parnate."
"Awesome! For years I suffered sinus headaches, which are much like Migraines. Flonase has alleviated that tremendously. I don&#039;t take this all the time just when I sense allergy season, or plan to be somewhere, where there is a atmospheric change like the mountains or in an airplane. It keeps my sinuses from swelling, causing the headache, it&#039;s not an instant fix, it takes about 11 hours to be effective on me."
"It&#039;s very effective for bowel problems and reduced my pain to zero most of the time."
"It works!!!"
"I am 42 yrs old. I have never had luck on birth control pills because it always made me edgy and irritable, snapping at everyone. Had IUD for years. I had a ovary removed after a tubal pregnancy and a few years later my other ovarian vein clamped off due to pelvic congestion syndrome. My hormones were messed up so obgyn suggested  the pill. I did 3 mo on one and gained 15 lbs and was super grumpy just like years ago. Obgyn suggested lolo and wow!!! First week was a little rough but I can say no side effects. I have stable hormones and just feel happy every day. No more screeching at everyone or crying and misery.  Lolo is highly recommended if u had trouble tolerating traditional bc pills."
"I been taking it for almost a year. I been diagnosed with ptsd and anxiety, stress and night terror and it&#039;s helped. They took me off of it and it got worse. So I been taking it daily and i&#039;m glad. It helps me out big time. I&#039;m grateful for this medication"
"I have been taking this pill for around 6 months now and I love it. At first I had a lot of random bleeding and spotting the first month. Second month I have my period but it was really short, around 3 days. Third month I had lighter spotting. After that I have had no periods at all but I do get some cramps when I am supposed to have it. I have had no side effects at all from this and is the best birth control I have used so far."
"I have used every product out there- many did not work and others made my skin so dry and red.  Aczone works beautifully- my skin is very clear most of the time.  Highly recommended."
"Periods became lighter within the first month, which was great because mine were very painful before. The one problem was the first time I took it. I felt far more depressed than ever before. But this was only temporary; it took about one week to adjust psychologically. Be sure to take with a good sized meal! Other than that, very slight weight gain and no spotting. Always take the brown pills too; they contain the mineral iron which women need a lot of."
"I am claustrophobic and required an MRI.  The one tablet I took prescribed by my dr. Helped me get through this 1 hr 45 min process.  I am grateful."
"Insertion process was extremely painful (broken many bones and this tops the charts). It was the last day of my period and I had even taken 800mg of ibuprofen beforehand. NP also put lidocaine on my cervix prior to insertion. Drove home after appnt without much discomfort. Light cramping and lethargic the rest of the day and went to bed early. Woke up 2 hrs later with excruciating cramps and could not sleep the rest of the night. Little to no side effects 2 wks following, at which time I started my period again. Cramping became more severe and bleeding proceeded for 10+ days with sharp stabbing pain in cervix (like insertion pain). Couldn&#039;t take the pain after 1 wk of persistent symptoms and had IUD removed. Also gained 8 lbs in &lt;3 wks."
"The Sumatriptan gives me bad neck pain and pressure in my head that lasts for about 1-3 hours, but it takes the Migraine pain away and saves me a full two days of suffering!"
"I&#039;ve been on Kariva for 1 month and have had several side effects.  My moods swing more so than usual, going from happy and giggly to angry and screaming the next.  My abdomen is bloated, I am gassy to the point of severe pain, and I have had bouts of diarrhea and nausea.  The first day of my period, I felt so awful!  The pain was less than when I was not on birth control pills, but I had horrible gas pains, diarrhea, and I threw up. 

I will give Kariva another 2 months to see if I adjust to it over time.  If I don&#039;t, I&#039;m definitely asking my Gynecologist to switch me."
"I have used the patch for nearly 2 years, receiving it from Europe before it was released in the US. Quite honestly, it has been life altering. I am now able to complete tasks I was totally unable to do before. Now that it has been removed from the US market, it is like taking away the oxygen required to breath. Someone should do something to at least get the compassionate use thing going."
"My son is 11 with ADHD and APD and has tried all the ADHD medicines out there. We had trouble with mood swings, appetite and overall inconsistent results. We started on the Intuniv November 2010. He has stopped at the 2 mg level. It was hard at first but his Doctor encouraged us to do the full 12 weeks on the medication to see full results and it has been worth it. He has gained about 8 pounds and grew almost 3 inches. We give it to him between 4-7 pm before bed and with food. He still gets a little dizzy some days but we also note that if he doesn&#039;t drink enough fluids that seems to be more prevalent. Some of the early side effects we saw were sleepiness. A little caffeine in the afternoon helped. THIS is by far the best we have had with our son ever."
"So the drug works , I am 30 days smoke free . I only took zyban for 17 days and stoped taking it cuz I didn&#039;t feel myself . Also I was having trouble sleeping ."
"Midazolam (a/k/a Versed) has NO pain relieving properties.  It&#039;s given--generally without patient consent--because it reduces anxiety, makes patients compliant/obedient to orders, &amp; causes memory loss (same effects as Rohypnol, date rape drug--they are both benzodiazepines).  Great if that&#039;s what you want &amp; your doc has discussed this with you beforehand.  However, there are many people who have been given Versed without their consent &amp; who have been very upset about the memory loss (see VersedBusters, nomidazolam, etc.--an internet search for side effects of Versed or midazolam will yield a lot of hits).  For both surgeries I had no anxiety yet was given Versed without my consent.  I question why an amnesiac drug is administered when a"
"I have been getting the shot for a little over a year now. At first I loved it. I never got a period, no mood swings, a little weight loss, it was amazing. The only thing I am considering switching for is that I got really bad acne. I asked the nurse that gives me the shot if that was from the shot and she said no it does not cause acne, but I never had acne like this before. Other then that it was great."
"My neighbors cat scratched and bit me. At first I thought I sprained my wrist doing something but when my wrist was red like a lobster swelling in pain and pus draining from bite I knew it was due to the cat bite. Went to ER they said I had cellulitis. They gave me an i.v. of this then prescribed it. For ten days. Started to work immediately. I had mild diarrhea for the first three days felt nauseous and very groggy, trouble thinking clearly. I still have dark urine but wrist is just about completely healed. I&#039;m on day 6, 4 more days to go.  Then I&#039;m done regular amoxicillin made me feel weird but didn&#039;t give me much side effects however I was prescribed amoxicillin for abscessed teeth."
"I have been taking tramadol for over 11 years for RLS and while I think it works pretty well for my legs, I feel I have to take more than prescribed to get the same amount of relief that I did when I began the medication.  I have not told my doctor for fear that she will take me off the medicine.  The withdrawal symptoms are horrendous. My legs are 10 times worse when I am coming off tramadol.  I get involuntary spasms in both my arms and legs and am extremely moody.  It is near impossible for me to sleep without the tramadol.  I am not trying to scare anyone away from taking it because I know it has worked wonders for a lot of other people. "
"I just started taking this medication as a preventive migraine treatment this month/August 2012.  I am so impressed. I did have one migraine starting and what is usually a 10  on the pain scale was only about a 3-4, and all I did was take a Percocet 5mg for the pain, got a really hot shower to relax my muscles, took one of my Imitrex Nasal Sprays, laid down, went to sleep and it was totally gone when I woke up in a few hours. YAY! Another positive for Neurontin for me is that I get a lot of neck, shoulder, back pain and with this medicine I have not had to take additional pain pills (Vicodin, etc.) as everything feels &#039;muted&#039; and very tolerable.  Also, I have cut down from 10 mg to 5 mg on my Ambien and I am working to get off this."
"Its good."
"My nexplanon was inserted on January 20th, the last day of my period. I&#039;m afraid of needles but it didn&#039;t hurt as bad/just a slight tug and pressure when inserting! This is my 1st BC ever. 

Now it&#039;s 02/09/2017 and I noticed some spotting last night (originally it&#039;s 3 days left until I would normally have my period) I never spotted before throughout any of my periods. I thought I had started last night when it &quot;felt&quot; like my normal period symptoms, except this morning, I only had brown discharge but No. blood  

My arm was aching for about 1-2 weeks after it was inserted and I have two toddlers (1 &amp; 2 year olds) so I try to avoid them laying on my arm or touching it. 

So far, I like nexplanon. Hopefully my overall, future, reviews are great!"
"Excellent for sleep onset - up to a point. If things get really bad, I&#039;ve had to augment it with temazepam and Valium. I also have depression. I was on and off it for about 3 months and it causes brain fog and word retrieval problems. There is also a significant increase in appetite, but it&#039;s not as bad as Remeron."
"When I first used this product I was recommended by my doctor. They told me I had to take it indefinitely as I think I have sluggish bowls. They said it may take about a week to work. So I started taking it on a Monday, I felt it moving through but nothing happened. I told my family that  it wasn&#039;t working. Well I took it every day until the next Monday, I went to class. I was in class and I was like I feel like I gotta poop. A few minutes later, man I do gotta poop, and then I was like oh crap I really got to go.  I was scared there would be an explosion or runny. I went and so easy. Ever since that day it works, and I was like - I like this Stuff!"
"I switched to the NuvaRing from the pill several months ago. Plus side is no more having to remember to take the pill everyday. The pill gave me bad body acne and cystic acne which NuvaRing cleared up. However, the NuvaRing gives me crazy mood swings every month like clockwork. My poor boyfriend will do something and I snap and can&#039;t control my anger. I feel like it&#039;s the end of the world and cry excessively. I think this is the end of hormonal birth control for me. Would not recommend if the pill or another hormonal BC did not work with your hormones. Also, the pill and the NuvaRing give me horrible canker sores that I have to take prescription medicine for. Going to try the copper IUD next. Hope this helps anyone in their BC quest :)"
"It&#039;s the only birth control I&#039;ve taken recommended by my doctor. No signs of acne or weight gain however I did start getting really bad migraines before my period and during my period. When I get a migraine I know my period is on its way. That&#039;s the only downside. My boyfriend does finish in me however I&#039;m extra careful. I take my pills at the same time everyday and I&#039;ve never missed a pill in 1 year. Being a college student it can be stressful and hard to remember but that&#039;s why I have an alarm as well just in case :)"
"I have taken this medication twice. Both times I developed severe diarrhea that lasted several weeks. I could not leave the house for any reason because the diarrhea was almost constant. "
"Have only been on Tikosyn for five days now (first three while in hospital). Writing this at 2:00 AM, so having some insomnia issues, and slight pain in chest upon deep breaths. First two doses did not cardiovert me, so had cardioversion via paddle, which got me back to sinus rhythm very easily, perhaps because of Tikosyn on board. Had previously gone out of sinus rhythm 19 days after successful ablation, with much post-surgical complications, which is probably why I didn&#039;t stay in sinus. Have yet to give this a really good test by exerting myself, maybe too soon yet, so don&#039;t know if I&#039;ll ever be able to be as active as I was. Other Tikosyn side effects so far - heart rate seems a bit rapid and get winded more easily. Will report back."
"Was given Lexapro for mild depression, during the 18months I was on it I suffered hot flushes, constant tiredness, severe carbohydrate craving with a weight gain of approximately 2kg per month, all in the upper body, especially the abdominal region. No sexual desire and complete apathy. My GP put this down to depression and kept increasing the dosage. My family intervened when my liver bloods started to be abnormal. I came off Lexapro from 20mg per day over a 2 month period. Since being off it, I feel amazing, 8 hours sleep is sufficient, whereas on Lexapro I was sleeping up to 14 hrs daily and still constantly tired. The abdominal weight gain has vanished without any change in my routine and most importantly the hot flushes are gone. 32yr female."
"I was prescribed this by my dermatologist because I was developing brownish skin on my upper lip during the summer when I have more sun exposure. I have been on the same birth control for 12 years and never had an issue until now. I tried a bleaching cream from Amazon that didn&#039;t do much. My insurance (Anthem Blue Cross) is known to be pretty good, but because this is a cosmetic issue it is not covered. I spent about $150 on this tube of TriLuma cream. The cost is horrendous, but I only need a dab at night and after a week of use my issue has been cleared! I use SPF  100 sunscreen on my upper lip and a dot of this cream at night and I am all set. It is worth it for me."
"I had my meniscus repaired last November after a fall the previous year. I had tried physical therapy, ice, heat, celebrex for 9 months.I have arthritis which is extremely painful. I received first cortisone shot which gave me wonderful relief for 6 weeks. Pain worsened so I needed to have knee drained on three separate occasions and more cortisone shots. My knee is still very swollen at least twice the size of my other one. I got Euflexxa shots over 3 week period. They were painful when administered. I experienced nausea and a headache after each shot approximately thirty minutes after injection.I didn&#039;t have any relief unfortunately. My surgeon feels it&#039;s time for knee replacement.  I am happy for those who report success."
"Day 4 of 875 mg of augmentin. I have a severe sinus infection, a inner ear infection along with a &quot;sizeable&quot; hole in my eardrum "
"Not impressed.  Absolutely no relief.  None! My cough has gotten worse.  I can not stop coughing and I&#039;m going crazy!  I&#039;m allergic  to codeine, so my options are limited, but my next stop will be over the counter.  No sense in wasting money on air when you can&#039;t breathe!"
"I was nervous to take Cipro because I had made the mistake of reading online reviews.  To people like me who get anxiety about medication: just think, people who willingly write a review online about medication probably had an extreme or unpleasant experience, but that does not make them the majority.  I&#039;m a petite woman that was prescribed 500 mg two times a day for a week.  The first time I took the pill I felt a bit lightheaded and woke up a tad nauseous.  However, I was not on a full stomach (too nauseous to eat with my kidney infection) and I made the mistake of not drinking a full glass of water with the pill.  As long as you do those things and avoid dairy (among other things like NSAIDs, etc) you&#039;ll be fine.  Feeling much better now"
"I have been taking junel 1.5 for about a year and a half. I didn&#039;t gain weight, have mood swings, breakthrough bleeding, low sex drive, but I did notice around my period time I would have 1 or 2 cyst like pimples pop up that took roughly 2 weeks to heal and sometimes left a scar which I&#039;m not prone to acne and have a good skin regime. So I am switching to sronyx (generic of aviane) due to that. Otherwise this was good birth control for me. Didn&#039;t get pregnant  and had regular periods usually 4 days long and light."
"I am 25 and got my Minera a little over a month ago.  I have a very high pain tolerance, but I won&#039;t lie to insertion hurt a lot, but I also haven&#039;t had children.  I spotted bad for two weeks, and then that stopped, now I just get random cramps sometimes, but nothing compared to the disabling cramps I got while on the pill.  My random back pain has also almost completely gone away.  I feel like I have come out of a brain fog and can think better.  I am no longer crying at everything and feel much more myself--even my husband has mentioned I seem more myself.  I also have much more of a libido now--my husband loves it.  We aren&#039;t ready for kids yet, so not having to remember to take a pill every days has really helped me not stress over sex."
"After a week of sharp pain in my right lower abdomen progressively getting worse I ended up in the ER. I thought I had an ovarian cyst. The doctor ordered tests to rule out kidney stones or appendicitis. I was diagnosed with impacted bowel! I had been going regularly so it was a surprise although I do take Norco regularly for back pain. Apparently I had a ball of stool stuck somewhere higher up.
     I was sent home with a bottle of MC and drank half the bottle as recommended with plenty of water around midnight. I didn&#039;t sleep well from the pain and had a decent BM at 6 AM. Then nothing and still in pain. 
      It is now 7:30 AM and I decided to drink the other half in hopes that this will pass."
"Pepto-Bismol did not CURE my problem; but it slowed diarrhea until I was able to get to the doctor.  A must have in all medicine cabinets!"
"I&#039;ve struggled with my weight for years, I am a total binge eater at night. My doctor first brought up Victoza and I was really hesitant to take it (the whole injection thing scared me), but honestly it&#039;s not bad at all! You just have to pinch your skin wherever you&#039;re administering the medication and you won&#039;t feel anything. The needle used is I think a 38g which is SUPER small. No bruising or anything around the site of injection. 

This is my second week on it, and I&#039;ve already lost 5lbs. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects, I did get a little nauseous the first two days but it wasn&#039;t anything that was so horrible I couldn&#039;t continue. I don&#039;t have any problems binge eating, it&#039;s great! I hope to see more results in the next few weeks!"
"Seroquel has helped to reduce my post traumatic stress disorder symptoms by 3/4&#039;s. I am mostly living a &quot;normal&quot; life again and the anxiety, fear and psychosis is nearly gone after one and a half years on it. It is working for me and I am on a low dose of 40mgs per night. "
"Seems to be the only antibiotic that will work for me."
"This was a dream come true...until the diarrhea came. I had zero GERD symptoms for the first time in 14 yrs. It was so disappointing when I developed uncontrollable diarrhea that lasted 22 days. I stopped taking the medication and it took another week for the symptoms to go away. I gave it a 2 month break, tried it again when I was having a very bad day with my hiatal hernia and GERD. It only took 2 days for the symptoms to come back this time. Really very sad I have to choose between pain and diarrhea."
"Very Effective With Few Side Effects."
"I read the info sheet that was given to me when I got Drysol. It said some minor burning and irritation was possible. The first night I used it it burned to the point where after an hour I had to wash it off just so I could get to sleep. Even then it burned but it wasn&#039;t unbearable. The next night same thing. I&#039;m liking the product as it helps but it isn&#039;t worth the pain. "
"I had suffered with fungal toenail infection since I was about 4 years old after I dropped a paving slab on my foot and it ruined the nail/nail bed. My big toenail toenail was thickened, discoloured, a bit ingrown and raised at the end, very painful if stepped on/knocked and always falling off. I was particularly conscious as a teenager about the appearance and smell of it and had tried every topical lacquer and a few homeopathic suggestions. Nothing seemed to work and eventually I was prescribed terbinafine for 3 months, and it worked like a treat. I did not have any side effects, not even loss of taste like a lot of the reviews say, and my toenail was completely cleared and has been so now for 7 years. Very happy with Terbinafine!"
"I was a little apprehensive at first but glad I started on this. I was feeling very low and also anxious about events and going out etc. But mostly, it was feeling low that got me to visit the doctor.

The first day on 50mg I felt an immediate high and felt like smiling all the time! It was very strange but I still felt myself, just happier. Then from then it tapered off to feeling very low again at the end of the first week. This lasted two days and I considered making an appointment as it worried me. However, it picked up again and I&#039;ve felt great since. Almost 4 weeks now on 50mg and the doctor has prescribed me with 100mg to start which I feel fine about. I did have experience headaches and a little nausea but its worth it."
"I have taken buspar for 5 months. Prescribed max dose of 15mg 4x/day. It took a couple weeks to actually notice the difference. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie after taking it. I really just came to the realization one day while driving to work, an activity that used to leave me recovering from an anxiety attack, was suddenly a very simple task. My social anxiety, much improved. It&#039;s very subtle, but after sticking with it, I can look back and I see that it changed my life. It does make me sleepy, in a walking around functioning while yawning kind of way and I get a lot of headaches. The good definitely outweighs The bad. I can take a lower dosage on easy days and still have a positive outcome. also take 150mg of Zoloft and 25 mg Wellbutrin"
"I have had stomach issues due to my GERD and have tried Zofran and it didn&#039;t work at all. My DR then had me try out Promethazine for whenever I feel nauseous when my GERD acts up or I eat something that makes me feel sick and it&#039;s gone within 15-20 minutes. It hasn&#039;t made me tired, but sometimes I will get a very quick blurred vision spell which I was warned about. But I love it.. it really helps me out"
"I used Sprintec to stop me from bleeding, as I was bleeding for almost a year with no explanation as to why. Doctor said it&#039;s because of my weight, but of course I beg to differ. I started Sprintec almost a month ago, as soon as I began Sprintec I stopped bleeding, but I have not had a menstrual cycle yet. And it has made me break out really bad... Other than the break out I would recommend this birth control."
"I&#039;m 21 years old. I have a 7 month old baby boy. It&#039;s been 3 months now since the insertion (painful but worth it). 3 weeks bleeding spotting. Totally satisfied. No weight gain, I&#039;m petite though, increase sex drive! Insurance covered. No cramps, no bleeding. Just white and yellow discharge only occasionally. No acne. No need to worry about taking pills everyday. My husband loves it. He can feel the string just a  bit but no big deal."
"I&#039;m participating in a research trial where you take 4 Malarone tablets a day for 3 consecutive days prior to your trip which theoretically covers you for Malaria (I hope) - this is all being monitored by a doctor. 

I read these reviews trying to see what sort of side effects I&#039;d experience due to my large dose and I was ready for the worst, then...... Nothing. I took 4 tablets in one go - and nothing. 

I can only assume this affects different people in different ways but I&#039;d recommend eating the fattiest food you can find prior to taking the pills because I think that saved me (I ate a McDonald&#039;s quarter pounder)."
"After suffering ulcerative colitis for almost 20 yrs (bleeding, occasional diarrhea) But regular daily BMs, I suddenly just stopped going. Period. I tried OTC laxatives, diet change, water, etc. nothing worked but several glycerin suppositories a few mornings a week. My gastric had me try Linzess which works - I take it when I wake about 6AM about 3 days a Wk when I can be home until at least mid AM. It usually works within 2 1/2 hrs. I might try it at night."
"My daughter has tried several other stimulant medicines with the most horrible side effects. Kapvay was tried and very well appreciated in our home and at her school. The teachers were amazed at the change and the relief for myself was a God send. "
"This medicine has helped bring cysts to the surface and clear them.  Redness persists on cheeks though. Skin will look completely clear one day and a large cyst like pimple will still develop and appear the next day.  I have read absorption rate increases by taking it with fatty foods so need to make a habit of that.  Back of upper arms gets very red and dry and needed a steroid prescribed to help with that.  Back and chest cleared completely.  Dr. Dan lip ointment worked wonders for dry lips."
"I have exceptionally painful periods due to endometriosis and so far, Depo is the only thing that has eliminated all of my pain, along with my periods. I had previously been on it for 7 years, then stopped after my doctor suggested it was time for a break. I did a bone density study &amp; had lost no bone density, which was a big concern. After about a year of pain, I just went back on it this month. I will be getting a hysterectomy within the next couple of years &amp; then I will be off the Depo. No complaints here."
"Tried it for 2 days and felt like a zombie took the pain away from my body but made me feel like a controller . I would not recommend this medication to anybody.  It seems like they want to take us off opiates and give us government induced mind altering drugs do not take this drug at any cost"
"I&#039;ve been taking Xanax as needed since I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder,  social anxiety, panic disorder, and a mild case of PTSD. I take .25 mgs, but I usually have to take 2 or 3 when I&#039;m having an episode of high anxiety and/or panic. My doctor won&#039;t up the dosage. It works very well for what it is intended for. It has always been helpful for me to take before doing something that I know will trigger anxiety in me. Since I don&#039;t use it as a drug to take daily, I have to also take Sertraline (Zoloft) every night. The sertraline helps keep me balanced while I use the alprazolam when something triggering is happening or going to happen. For what I need it for, it works great. Calms me down within 30 minutes."
"***ZANTAC CAUSES PANIC ATTACKS***
I was prescribed Zantac regularly (1-2x daily) for acid reflux. I developed notably worsened anxiety and nocturnal panic attacks where I would wake up almost every night 2-3 hours after falling asleep with episodes of vivid nonsensical dream-like episodes lasting 2-3 hours. I would have a hard time figuring out simple things like how to open my door or plug in my phone charger to call home. I would keep parents on the phone for 2-3 hours asking them to come get me for no reason even when I had work the next morning. I was constantly confused and dizzy even during the day and it began significantly affecting my work performance. I did research on my own and found out Zantac can cause all the above. I contacted my psychiatrist, who did not know I was on Zantac and they told me Zantac can do this and has had several patients experience this. Since I stopped taking Zantac I have slept full nights with no episodes &amp; minimal to no anxiety. I have never had any experience like this prior to being on Zantac. I would NEVER recommend anyone take Zantac."
"Takes away anxiety and panic attacks very well."
"Great, I take it twice a day, it does the job. I feel really good."
"Was effective for my bladder infection but side effects are not good. After 3 days of medication, I developed severe pain in my Achilles tendon, both ankles. It continues to this day, 2  months later. I&#039;ve also developed severe pain (tendonitis?), in my elbows. Never had this pain before taking Cipro."
"Controls my allergies better than anything I have taken."
"I have suffered chronic constipation for over 15 years, no physical reason for it, my bowel just doesn&#039;t work and it gets worse around the time of the month.

I have tried everything the doctor could prescribe and nothing worked, resolor helped a little but only for a short time and I was having too much time off work in agony.

I have been taking linaclotide every day for about a year and I love it! Every morning 1/2 an hour before breakfast then bm 1/2 an hour later. I do sometimes have the diarrhea and it is hideous but no pain so I don&#039;t care! No more passing out on the loo in agony. It took a while to settle but I say give it a chance and I sometimes add movicol if I&#039;m feeling like things are slowing, it eases everything along."
"On day one, I noticed a calmness come about me. Now I&#039;m on day 6 of 20 mg and still calm but, not emotionless. I love that I&#039;m not quick to anger anymore. I am having minor panic attacks however. The doctor said it may take a full 6 weeks to feel the full effects. I was having serious panic attacks at night in my sleep and those have gone away. I keep clenching my jaw, that started on day 2. I am really tired like I&#039;ve taken a Benadryl and I have to nap or I wont make it to bedtime. I am enjoying life much more though and I&#039;m seeing all of the things I missed because I couldn&#039;t relax or enjoy the moment. I have two months of pills and then the doctor wants to see me so hopefully shes not going to pull me off. I feel like a new woman."
"The first couple of weeks, it seemed to help, but then I developed a bad case of thrush, even though I rinsed and gargled after each use.  I did not swallow it. I have had the 5 pills to suck on every day for 14 days and now the Nystatin to swish, gargle and swallow. I am much better now, but I took myself off the Symbicort. I am also on a lot of other medicines but the one I absolutely need is phenytoin, due to a brain aneurysm. My mother had esophaguel candida and was on Diflucan all the time, and I have had my share of yeast infections also."
"I&#039;ve used a lot of birth controls and they all made me gain a lot of weight and I was always bloated, my friend said tri sprintec was great if I wanted to stay in shape.   My doctor said no matter what any birth control pills would make me gain weight because they contain hormones but its been 3 months since I started them and the only side effect is my boobs just started getting bigger but I&#039;m not complaining :) effectiveness, I&#039;m not sure cause I haven&#039;t been with anyone since but I&#039;m sure its effective, thats what my friend said she&#039;s been using it for 2 years and she never uses condoms"
"I&#039;ve been on Micronor for about three months now and I really have no complaints/haven&#039;t noticed any negative side effects. The only changes I&#039;ve noticed, though I&#039;m not sure if they have to do with this medication or are just from stress, but my breast size has decreased and I have almost no appetite. No complaints though! It has prevented pregnancy so far, which is why I&#039;m taking it! Also, no periods or spotting to speak of."
"OMG! I can&rsquo;t even explain the pain, itch and burning I&rsquo;m feeling after inserting this inside of me.   I wish I would have read the comments before, but I&rsquo;m sure if you&rsquo;re currently reading this it&rsquo;s too late for you too.  I&rsquo;ve never regretted anything as much as I regret putting this medication in me.  It&rsquo;s now been a hour and I don&rsquo;t know how much more I can take. This should be taken off the selves!"
"I just started my second pack of microgestin fe 1/20 and I cannot complain! I definitely have the side effect of feeling a little sick, but that is to be expected. My first month of using it I also had started working out and I actually lost 7 or 8 pounds, so I had no problem with my weight. I&#039;m sure it is based upon your body, but if you maintain a healthy lifestyle weight gain should not be a problem. 
I started taking this due to the unreal pain I was experiencing while I was on my period. This past one was nothing! I had zero pain and it was extremely light and only lasted about 2 days. It was so nice! My only complaint is my stomach hurting during the first few days of pills."
"I have tried over 6 different medicines in the past, none of which worked or gave me results that helped. (Very frustrating). I was put on Cymbalta and immediately evened out, though if I&#039;m off for even a day I am an emotional wreck. So always have refills, or face the consequences."
"I took this for the side effects from seroquel  This drug made me disoriented, confused, and forgetful. It also didn&#039;t help with my side effects."
"Keep taking it for the side effects. The four hour erection hasn&#039;t happened yet but still hoping, hoping I&#039;m not alone at the time!"
"I have started taking Votrient about three weeks ago. One tablet in the morning, one tablet in the afternoon, and one tablet before bedtime. I would be sick during the day (nausea, extreme fatigue, and no appetite.) I told my doctor about my experience and she suggested to take the tablets all at once before going to bed. I have been doing this for a week, and it is not too bad except waking up in the morning feel exhausted. But in the afternoon I would feel fine. I think the medication is working because I always have tumor pain and I will be going to the doctor this week for signs of some shrinkage."
"I felt a difference right away. The only negative feedback I have is the tiredness. I can&#039;t stay awake but I do not know if it is from coming off of ADD medication. I have been on this medication for 3 days now and already feel like a new woman! I no longer need my Xanax!"
"This medication changed my life! I started taking it at age 72. Before then, I thought I was going to have to be housebound, never traveling, never shopping, etc. I started taking the smaller dose and it is working just fine. My only side effect is dry mouth at night but discovered that if I wake up with it, I suck on an ACT lozenge, which immediately alleviates the problem.  I did discover through reading the info on this page that it is probably the cause of mild indigestion I&#039;ve had, probably starting about the time I started taking Vesicare, but I take a Zantac a day and am fine. Oh, the medication started working almost immediately.
I would hate to be without my Vesicare, even though it is quite expensive. But it&#039;s worth every penny."
"I had the implant inserted in Feb of 2015 and have had it for about 10 months now. I have had no period since then. I have not experienced any spotting or mood swings. It is so convenient. I don&#039;t have to worry about condoms, taking a pill everyday, or spending money on tampons. Two of my former co workers had gotten it before me and loved it which convinced me to try it out. I am very happy with my choice."
"Otezla  did not work for me.  The good part was that the pain in my fingers and toes went down about 50%.  The bad part was that my stomach was upset most of the time. I was dead dog tired all of the time.  I would get up, eat breakfast and need to lay back down. Otezla neutralized  the flow max  I am taking for my prostate.  I had headaches every day or two.  It was not a good experience for me.
   "
"I only give it two stars because it did relieve some depression while I was on it.  After being on it for about 2 months, I realized that I wasn&#039;t feeling like myself at all.  I felt like I was losing my personality and ambition.  So I decided to taper off, and my doctor had me decrease 37.5 mg per week until I was off the med.  During the tapering I didn&#039;t notice anything major side-effect-wise, but the second day I was completely off of it, everything kicked in.  I felt like I was going to die, with major brain zaps and horrible migraines being consistent for a week. I also gained 15 pounds in what seemed like a few days.  It&#039;s now been a month since I&#039;ve been off of this awful drug, and I still have brain zaps, and the weight gain too."
"I have had a good experience with this medication... Gain a little weight but nothing major."
"I was prescribed 500mg Depakote twice per day. I does make me feel sleepy and the MD stated I needed to take both in the evening. I did so and awoke feeling like I was jacked up and bouncing off the walls. I thought what the hell is going on. So I took another dose and an hour later had a nap and I was fine. The downside of the medication does make me feel like a zombie. My concentration is nil and confused a lot. Currently I do not have any insurance and when I go to the ER they say just wait to you see your MD next month. I am very frustrated but learned the hard way to not discontinue your medicines. I did so and got in a lot of trouble."
"I was given Demerol and Vistaril after a tubal ligation, my pain was under control while using these medicines. I only was given these medicines once, but as I remember they did what I was told they would, which was grant me pain relieve for the short term."
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon since 08 of 15. It&#039;s terrible! Some days I&#039;m having a migraine, and my body goes numb or tingles  it&#039;s not just my hands that fall asleep it&#039;s my feet and legs too. I went from a score of 10 on my depression test to a straight 25. I haven&#039;t had a period in 8 1/2 months! So many pregnancy scares. My sex drive is so low, and I&#039;m extremely hormonal. I&#039;m a huge douche bag to my boyfriend and I don&#039;t even notice it. I&#039;m ALWAYS tierd. I sleep 8 1/2 hours a night. No naps, no nothing. It sucks because I&#039;ve been having serve back pains. Like a pinched nerve or something. I don&#039;t know. I went to my GP and she told me I should wait to take it out. I got angry and stormed out. I&#039;ve gained 40 pounds in 10 months. I want it out."
"I&#039;ve been on Saphris for a week now.  5mg/night.  Here are my initial thoughts:  
I feel like it&rsquo;s summer.  It&rsquo;s a good calmness. The mouth numbing was really bad at first when I took it, slowly getting less each day (it&rsquo;s always gone by morning).  I felt the first couple days like I had taken a Sudafed; very awake the next morning.  That effect is also wearing off day by day.  I have been taking it at bed so I &lsquo;m not sure if it makes me dizzy still.  I can think clearer.  I&rsquo;m sleeping like a log.  I feel less cold.  My sinuses feel wetter.  I actually get hungry now.  I feel super non-stressed out.  I&rsquo;m stretching better in my dance and my joints no longer crack.  I feel normal again."
"My doctor put me on Lolo to help me with cramps and to control/improve my acne (was given a 3 month trial pack). In the first month I had spotting &amp; I didn&#039;t get my period (it felt like it was coming but never did - only a bit of brown discharge).  My acne flared up almost into cysts on my face and back.  I became really sensitive and moody.  I started pack #2 - hoping that if I persevered that things might improve.  By week three my acne got really bad (painful cysts).  I went back to my doctor and he decided that this pill was not going to work for me.  He switched me to Demulen 30 (21 day) as he says the hormone balance in it would be much more effective for my cramps and acne situation."
"1st day on contrave I was so nauseous I vomited 2 hours after taking pill I even took it with food . I tried to get some sleep I woke up and am still a little dizzy and off balance I will not continue to take this can&#039;t deal with the nausea."
"Skin of my body and foot become yellow, vomiting sensation, headache."
"This birth control made me miserable. By the completion of the first week, I started to get these crippling headaches, nausea, and dizziness. I also experienced a couple episodes of serious night sweats. I was extremely sad the entire time I was on it. To top all of that off I never stopped bleeding! That&#039;s right, I&#039;ve been bleeding for 3 weeks straight, and counting. Finally my mother and husband had to force me off the stuff because they saw how miserable I was. The only positive was that my skin cleared up a great deal. It just wasn&#039;t for me."
"Junel cleared up my acne but took away my sex drive. I&#039;m glad because finally I can focus on other things far more important. Super happy with this product!"
"After 5 months on this birth control I must say that I really like it. After the first month I started spotting but I stopped taking the pills to allow myself to have a period and I have not spotted ever since. My skin has cleared, I have no PMS, no mood swings and obviously rarely have periods. Only complaints are  my sugar cravings (can&#039;t lose weight to save my life). But other than that I enjoy it. I save so much on feminine hygiene products and book travels with no worries."
"At first I was really apprehensive about taking Methotrexate (7.5mg a week), but it seems to be working well.   I&#039;ve been taking it since November 2008.  My side effects are minimal.  Once a week I get nausea, which usually occurs the day after I take my weekly dose.  My tests results have come back normal too.  I &#039;m not a medicine taker and the idea of taking such a strong medication still scares me, but I will continue with my weekly dosage because it helps with my rheumatoid arthritis a lot.  One thing I&#039;m consistent with is taking my Folic Acid since it helps prevent my side effects. I don&#039;t even get the very common mouth sores."
"I had it inserted November 2016 because of very heavy periods. Since my uterus is slanted it was a bit painful and took longer to insert. I bled for 30 days after but it was light. I am currently in month 8 and my periods are unpredictable! Some months they last about 12 days and since they are long periods I get two periods in one month. After sex I sometimes bleed. I just finished having a period that lasted 12 days only to start cramping and spotting on Day 18 again!!! I also find that my vagina secretes a lot and I have to wear panty liners in between my periods. My plan is to discuss this with my doctor at the one year mark (I&#039;m giving it 4 more months since my periods before were extremely heavy and Liletta has fixed that problem)."
"The NuvaRing at first was odd for me bc iIwas scared it was going to fall out, but if it is pushed inside it should stay in place and still work. I&#039;m very active and I&#039;ve had no problems with this. At first I did have some light bleeding and more recently I&#039;ve have light brown discharge, but I&#039;ve read that this is completely normal and that the nuvaring is still working. I have experienced some bloating and headaches easily but it&#039;s usually around a certain time of the month. my sex drive seems fine, it might have gone away for a few weeks but that could have also been due to stress. (FYI my doctor told me to keep it in for 4 weeks, bc I am using it for birth control and not to regulate my periods)"
"I have been taking Ambien since it was   released to the public. I only use it occasionally. Sometimes I have a period of several days where going or staying asleep is a problem, then no need for weeks. I have never had any after or side effects from taking Ambien. I feel it is, for me and my condition, the best medication on the market."
"About a week after starting this pill I started getting extreme cramps, the worst I&#039;ve ever had, they would last 2-8 hours a day and no medicine would relieve the pain.  I also experienced weight gain and acne."
"This drug is finally allowing me to live life again.  After 3 ablations, 2 Cardioversions, and numerous anti-arrymithic drugs, I am able to exercise without gasping for breath.
My Electrophysiologist  put me on the drug saying only 5 months:  I take 200mg 2 times a day for the first month, and then it will be 1 a day for four months.  The last ablation was quite extensive, so the heart needs help for 5 months.

He explained that this drug has so many potential side effects, but after 2 weeks the only problem I have is constipation.  I can deal w that!"
"I had a terrible experience on this - I was on a similar generic pill, and my insurance/pharmacy sent this instead.  Within days of being on it, I had headaches, nausea, mood swings.  I also have not been able to sleep through the night in the last few weeks.   I have thrown up about 6 times in the 3 weeks I started the pills and my boyfriend thinks I am insane from all the mood swings.  I am switching back to the other generic pill-which I realize you shouldn&#039;t be able to tell a difference, but for some reason...I can.  What a nightmare."
"I have always had really bad anxiety. I started taking Zoloft when my daugther was 2 and I wish I had started it sooner. It helped a lot with my anxiety. I&#039;m no longer mean to people and my rage is gone. It really saved my life. What I don&#039;t like is it makes me too relaxed. I just want to sleep all day and its really hard for me to lose weight. I do exercise everyday also to help with the anxiety."
"I had terrible OCD in my late teens and twenties. Totally life-consuming - I thought I was going mad. I suppose I was. The side effects have been difficult - long term erectile dysfunction, years after coming off the medication. And at the time, when the dose went up, sort of &#039;flu like&#039; symptoms: achey, nausea, upset tummy. But it evened out.

And it was really worth it. Still can&#039;t get it up properly - but I can live a life.

As for cost - I live in the UK, so all healthcare is free for everyone. I paid "
"Let&#039;s start with the good - this medication prevented pregnancy, so I guess it is effective. However, the side effects for me were crazy. I have been on Junel for several months now and have experienced the following side effects: dry skin on my face, bleeding of the gums, spotting, and crazy moodiness. I tried to give it time but the side effects continued. I am switching to another pill. I have been on other brands in the past and have never had side effects."
"It definitely helps with cravings and weightloss, however if you have or do experience anxiety or depression already this pill is not going to help. I did lose about 5-6lbs the first couple weeks but I had to stop because it was making me a crazy person. I had the most horrible anxiety and I just felt mean and upset and sad and it really affected my emotions negatively. Just be careful!"
"I have the most painful &quot;girl issues&quot; that you could imagine.  I would have to go to the ER to get a shot of a narcotic for the pain. NOTHING ELSE helped, until the best doctor in the world prescribed Toradol.  It is the only non-narcotic to help with the cramps."
"I have used this for about 3 wks now and I have more pimples now then when I started. The only thing I have noticed is that pimples are not as large when I am on this. I am going to keep at it for a few more weeks to see what happens. I have had this same response on other antibiotics"
"I had a haematocrit of 18 and I started taking SSS tonic and within 2 weeks my haematocrit rose to 32.1. I hadn&#039;t started taking iron supplements yet which I needed 3 times.  The tonic gave me energy. Now with my haematocrit up I am taking the iron and stopped the tonic.  I don&#039;t have the energy any more so I am going to add the tonic to my iron regime (I checked with my doctor first)."
"Taking for back pain in left lower disc. Works very good but I must take it by 8pm or after dinner or I wake up very sluggish the next morning (I wake up at 8:30am) and feel cloudy headed for the whole morning. I only take it when the pain is really bad."
"I have been taking Neurontin at 1800-2100 mg/day after a nightmare trial on Seroquel. It felt like I was jettisoned up out of a deep, dark hole. Everyone comments on how I am myself again, and I agree. It also helps with nerve pain, sleep, and definitely stabilized my moods. I have only gained 3 pounds, and I attribute that more to the fact I am eating again at all (don&#039;t eat when cycling). This medicine is easily metabolized and has few drug interactions. I am grateful that my doctor recommended it, as well as the Cleveland Clinic. It has been around since 1998, so I think we are good to go."
"I am 40 years old, 123lb.  I was recently diagnosed with PMDD, I didn&#039;t want to try antidepressants before; I was prescribed with Paxil but never took a pill because my depression was only lasting a week to 10 days max.  I was having trouble falling asleep and have problems at work (perceived discrimination) those problems worsen depression during the Luteal face (12-15 days before period) I was sleeping only a few hours at night. My doctor prescribed Wellbutrin 150mg in the pharmacy they gave me buPROPion Ext. Rel. I felt the change in mood the fist day (great on this ares) and also noticed dry mouth and my sleeping problems worsen.  Medicine was prescribed only for use during  Luteal face, I am  afraid of what can happen after I stop."
"I was previously diagnosed with major depression with severe anxiety attacks. I was taking anti-depressants and anxiety medication for 3 years. My mood would vary greatly throughout this time period. I was self medicate until one night I tried to drive myself off of a bridge with my car full of people. I realized at that point I needed help and nothing was working. I call my therapist he suggested that I go to the emergency room.  I did. I ended up getting admitted for attempted suicide.  After a week in the hospital it was apparent I was bipolar and in a episode. I suffer from manic and depressive episodes. They put me on Tegretol XR and I began to be able to actually sleep a whole night and think normally."
"I just started week 3 taking 2 pills in the AM. So far, I&#039;ve been one of the lucky ones.  I&#039;ve had absolutely no side effects.  I don&#039;t think about food 24/7 like before.  Also I&#039;m not binging at night like before.  Junk food just doesn&#039;t have the appeal it once did. I do get hungry but fill up much quicker now.  I&#039;ve lost 7 pounds in the first 2 weeks."
"I hate this implant, its currently my only option &amp; I am stuck with it at this point as I am on the other side of the country, none of the hospitals here take my insurance unless its an emergency &amp; planned parenthood here is NOT affordable. I have had the implant in since the beginning of July 2015, &amp; I have had all of 3 days where I was not bleeding, &amp; I don&#039;t mean spotting, I mean BLEEDING. About as much as I did before with my regular periods. I am trying my best to stay hydrated &amp; avoid anemia but at this point I am going through a case of water a day &amp; maxed on supplements in addition to trying to consume an iron rich diet. I feel like going pee every 5 minutes, I am currently not pregnant (took 5 home pregnancy tests). I HATE THIS!"
"In the last 6 years I&#039;ve been on Effexor and Pristiq (synthetic Effexor and I had horrible withdrawal from them), Zoloft, Wellbutrin, Lexapro, and Mirtazapine. None seemed to work for long and most didn&#039;t seem to help at all and I&#039;ve wondered if I am resistant to the meds. In addition, my anxiety has been awful. Finding an anti-anxiety drug has been tricky because I&#039;m in recovery (used to self-medicate my depression and anxiety) and I need to be extra careful about taking certain medications since I have the tendency to abuse them. It&#039;s too early to tell if Brintellix will work for me but the genetic testing shows it&#039;s a good match. The nausea is bad, but I&#039;m used to taking meds on an empty stomach so will start taking it with food."
"30 years old, pregnant with first child &amp; experiencing 1st YI ever. Called my doctor &amp; the nurse recommended over the counter treatment so I went with the Monistat 7 day. 1st night I used it, the second I inserted the cream, my entire vaginal area was on FIRE! Itching, burning so bad, I wanted to crawl out of my skin. Soaking in a cold bath was the only (sort of) relief! The pain was 1000x worse than the YI itch. Seeing doctor tomorrow."
"I have been on Yasmin for about 3 years now. I recently switched to Loestrin 24 because of all the scare with Yasmin and yaz, but now I&#039;m loyally back to taking Yasmin. I was so worried, although I don&#039;t know why as I&#039;m not a smoker and I&#039;m under the age of 35. So I consulted my doctor and asked her. She said there were minute risk JUST LIKE EVERY OTHER MEDICATION ESPECIALLY BIRTH CONTROL. I would recommend this birth control to anyone! My face has never looked better. I struggled with acne for years and this truly is the only thing that has helped. My periods were extremely regular, with minimum cramping and NO bloating. I did become more moody. I did experience bouts of emotional rage because of hormones, this should be expected."
"I was horrified to find 2 bumps near my vaginal opening. After an emotional gyno visit, I learned that I had HPV warts. I was prescribed Imiquimod and let me tell you. IT WORKS. Right away I saw improvement with my warts and they disappeared within weeks. Unfortunately I did have more pop up after I treated those and I am currently treating them now, but with success! They are almost completely gone after 2 weeks. ONLY apply a small amount and only to the affected areas!!! I thought &quot;Go big or go home!&quot; when I first applied it and seriously burnt my vag. It was bad. Do not rub on the surrounding areas unless you want your genitals cooked. There are some side effects to this cream, hence why I gave it a 9/10. Some itching/soreness."
"I was in a low dose Botox trial (300 vs 800) at a military medical facility. Detrol &amp; Ditropan didn&#039;t work. I had frequent urgency, cramping caused by having to hold my urine, and many accidents. I was going to the loo all the time, having to leave meetings and bouncing around at my desk trying to hold my urine for any length (2 minutes) of time.
 
I received botox which by tiny injections at the entrance of my bladder. A little uncomfortable. The next day I had no unusual urge to go, no cramps, no more bouncing, no running to the loo and many Depends a day. I was a totally normal without fear of accidents or ammonia smell for 8 months. It was fabulous - I was a real person again."
"Works great and makes for an awesome sleep"
"Well I am a very busy 25 yr old mother of one cute boy, thus the pill was not an option for me since I know that I would forget to take it. Mirena was the best option for me. I have had it for 5 months now and trust me I love it but I have experienced side effects. I have gained a substantial about of weight since the insertion and the bloating happens often. Mirena does it&#039;s job well but I can not tolerate the weight gain. I will be removing it within two weeks and I know with my vigorous workout schedule and healthy eating habit I will be returning to my normal weight quickly. Then I&#039;ll get the Mirena again. I wouldn&#039;t consider Mirena to anyone who has had struggled with their weight and have more than fifteen pounds to lose. Good Luck."
"I just started this on 6/6/15 - the first 2 days I actually gained 4 ounces but now on day 5 I&#039;m down 3.8 lbs so far.  I have zero side effects.  I drink a protein shake, then a full glass of water, then I take the pill with another full glass of water and continue to drink.  I think this is helping with having no side effects... something in your stomach first and keep hydrated!  I go to the gym 5x a week so I&#039;m hoping this pill helps in the long run get this weight finally off.  3.8 lbs I just lost took me almost 3 months to lose previously with only diet/exercise and I gained it back within 2 weeks.... my body is definitely changing with age.  Anyways, so far I love this pill and I hope everyone else benefits from it too!!!"
"It works great, especially for night pain.  Have it on the night stand, close and handy."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost a year now and it&#039;s great. I&#039;m 18, this is my first pill, so I have nothing to. Before I started this I had a period maybe every 3-6 months. My doctor said it&#039;s because I am so active. Now I get my period every month and have found that my mood has gotten much better. Before I used to be very somber and now I am a lot happier. I still have acne, most likely because I am still a teen. However I do find it strange that my breasts fluctuate in size every month. Usually a week and a half before I get my period they get a lot fuller. I have noticed weight loss, and am quite happy with it. Overall this is a great pill, plus I don&#039;t mind the unprotected sex."
"Absolutely swear by and love the patch. I place mine on my lower left hand side of my stomach and rotate between two spots to give my skin a weeks breathing afterwards. Yes it collect dust round the outside but it&#039;s really not a big deal, and if it is use talc it stops this. I&#039;ve been on it for nearly two years and only ever had 3 fall off. I have such a high sex drive, it doesn&#039;t give me mood swings or make me weight gain. I become slightly emotional on my last day of my gap week but nothing over the top or noticeable! Would 100% recommend it. Have tried various pills and they weren&#039;t for me. But hey, everyone&#039;s different."
"As someone who has suffered horrendously crippling severe anxiety/depression for over 20 years. I tried every other depression &amp; anxiety on the market before this. I wish I&#039;d been given it years ago instead of the newer ones. Amitriptyline at a dose of 10mg at night has been a total God send, &amp; a life saver to me. Finally I can sleep at night &amp; get a full nights sleep able to switch off from excessive anxiety &amp; worrying through the night. I do feel excessively tired the next day &amp; would definitely struggle to work on these at the mo but that might be because I&#039;m also on Natrexone 50mg also at night both known to cause tiredness when taken on their own but finally I have some peace from severe anxiety &amp; my mood has lifted even if by little."
"I do have really bad insomnia (for the past 6 years) but this was prescribed to me for daytime use to help keep me calm. It in no way makes me sleepy but works great for my ADHD. I have also gained nearly 10 pounds in only 2 weeks. I&#039;m not a normal eater, usually I only eat dinner, but on this medicine I seem to have doubled what I would normally eat. I&#039;m addressing that issue now. Good calming down medicine I must say."
"I just completed my bowel prep prior to my colonoscopy yesterday. I am thankful for a couple of tips from this site: low fiber diet for a few days before procedure; only  liquids the day before; chilled water to dilute Suprep; and use of a thick straw to drink Suprep. All these were very helpful. I was afraid of nausea so I made a batch of ginger syrup the day before (4 oz peeled sliced ginger, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar and vanilla bean boiled for 30 mins. Strain and add joice of half a lime.) I had a spoonful and then started drinking. Then another spoonful and kept drinking. The ginger flavor is quite strong (you have to love ginger) and persists during the swallowing of Suprep. I got it down in 10 mins both times. Also wear Depends."
"I have had tremendous benefits from just 0.25mg taken as needed.  I previously had lived with anxiety and panic (from social situations, particularly work meetings, eating out at restaurants, etc) for about 9 months before working up the courage to see my doctor.  I started developing avoidance tendencies, and decided that I was tired of letting anxiety run my life.  I am careful to take it only as needed, and would highly recommend for those with occasional severe anxiety or panic.  I&#039;ve been exercising more and focusing hard on positive thinking, and that combination with the occasional Xanax has been tremendous. Remember, you have an awesome life to live!"
"I&#039;ve been getting Botox for migraines for over a year. I used to have migraines all day, every day. This has cut them down to 2-3 times a week. Although I do have to take other medication to help with it, I&#039;m still very grateful that my dr had me do the treatments. It&#039;s every 3 months and I end up getting 37 injections and I believe 175-200 units. The only side effect is usually a week or two after my neck will be weak and I&#039;ll have trouble holding it up if I&#039;m bent forward to pick something up. It goes away but kind of annoying at first. I would recommend this to anyone that is a chronic migraine sufferer like myself."
"I have been on Norco 7.5/325 1-2 per day for around 2 years. I feel so much better being on it when needed. However, my doctor does not want to give it to me anymore and wants me to see a Pain doctor. If something is working to take away the pain just fine, then why change it? Hopefully, this doctor will understand."
"I had it since Feb of 08. Love it I&#039;m already on my second one.  No periods which I love and its pain free. You may spot once in a while but its really light."
"I tried Prevpac first but I had an allergic reaction and had to stop taking it halfway through the course. It seems to have cured me for  a few years but more recently I had a GI h pylori reoccurance. I am taking Pylera and am on day 9. I have had very little side effects. In fact, I am feeling much better and my bowel movements  are better as well. I did feel nausea and weakness on one day but I had barely eaten anything because lack of appetite. Advice: eat 4 healthy meals a day before I take the medication. Yogurt and probiotic in the morning and fruit.. Absolutely no coffee or acidic anything (vinagrettes, ketchup, tomato sauce, ) and no soda and anything sugary. No red meat and nothing too heavy or fatty. Hope this helps."
"had my first injection today. had problems for years. 2 meniscuis surgerys and  many cortisone shots. knee keeps getting fluid and have been getting it removed and cortisone inj. hasnt been lasting long. i have another torn meniscuis and osteoarthritis. i have little pain with fluid removal and cortisone inj. my first euflexxa inj. today was so painful that i cant go back. level 10 pain for about 30 seconds!  also it was done by the same dr. that gave me painless cortisone! i was told to do normal activity and no mention of icing? it was my first and last one"
"Great medicine, anxiety is basically gone. No panic attacks for over six months. The diarrhea is only for a couple of weeks then its gone. Be weary though, once you are on a regular dosage, be SURE to take your pill at the EXACT same time you do every day!!! I prefer to take mine an hour or two before I go to bed. If you do not or are a day or two without it be ready for the most horrific, disturbing, vivd, real, terrifying nightmares you will ever have!!! Seriously, I&#039;ve literally felt like there is someone in the room and that they were physically touching me. I cannot explain to you how real these dreams are. Besides that this medication is perfect. Just take it on time and have your refills ready and you have nothing to worry about."
"I&#039;ve had herniated discs for 5 years and the back and nerve pain can be really intense and debilitating.  Started using Zipsor about 18 months ago and it makes it possible for me to live. I&#039;m so grateful for this product, and I hope I never have to stop taking it for any reason!"
"I have asthma that flared whenever I got a cold, in the spring and with exercise. After 2 rounds of bronchitis in a few months I was put on Qvar and it has helped significantly. I still get the occasional flare with a cold and need my albuterol before exercise but other than that I have been pretty well controlled with Qvar."
"For weight loss. I started in July 2015 weighing in at 250 lbs as of today 10/13/15 I am 210 lbs. Started off was slow then the lbs started falling off. I went from a 40 inch waist to a 34 in that time frame my goal is 185. I have better nights of sleeping no more snoring. We I first started had slight headache but nothing after that."
"I used to be on Norco 10,for a long time they were fine I never had a problem with them no side effects at all, recently dr. Changed me to Norco 7.5, and they&#039;re terrible even though the pharmacist the doctor say they are the same ingredients ( except that 7.5 has less )they are very different 7.5are horrible they make my eyelids swell up and I can hardly see out of one eye then make me feel very sick and Ill and I also have very bad stomach pain and pain in my chest also this is horrible do not like 7.5 at all might as well not take anything Norco 7.5 are very very horrible there definitely is something in Norco 7.5 that is not in the Norco 10 so why are they hiding it from us seems like they&#039;re trying to kill.me"
"I took one course of itraconazole (pulse therapy, 400mg/day during 1 week), after being unsuccessfully treated for onychomycosis of my 5th foot nail (I had it for years). So, since terbinafine didn&#039;t help, I decided to use this one, as my doctor advised. Now I have my new nail growing healthy,
so my decision is to continue the treatment with this drug."
"I&#039;m an ER nurse. We use a cocktail of 20 mg metoclopramide with 25 mg diphenhydramine. That&#039;s 2 vials of reglan and 1/2 vial of benadryl in a 250ml NS bag.
Reglan is the primary medication in this cocktail, benadryl is given to reduce the side effect known as akathisia. Both reglan and benadryl causes drowsiness, hence only half a dose is given. 250ml saline bags are used so we can control the rate of flow of the medication (to infuse slow over 20 minutes, we don&#039;t use an IV pump with these medications). Ketorolac is optional.
If not given correctly, in most cases infused as a bolus/wide open. This is where the problem occurs.
I would say It has a success rate of 80%.
I&#039;ve seen akathesia just twice, I give it cautiously every time."
"Some of the stomach pain went away but this medicine gave me blurred vision."
"I started Qsymia on 1/21/16 and it was prescribed by my endocrinologist. I&#039;m still taking the starter dose of 3.75/23. I&#039;ve lost 10 lbs in 6 days! I have not been hungry and have had very few cravings. I&#039;ve EASILY maintained a 1200 calorie diet for the past six days and have been exercising by walking (12000 average steps/day). I have one more week left of this dose and then I&#039;ll start the 7.5 mg recommended dose. I&#039;m 5&#039;11, starting weight was 235, current weight 226, and goal weight is 175. I&#039;m so glad that I&#039;ve started this medication."
"I have lost 40 pounds in 6 months using a combination of Contrave, walking 2 miles 5 days a week, and increasing water intake. Contrave gave me the power to better control my food choices and the amount I was consuming. I have had almost no side effects (slight headaches though not abnormal for me and mild constipation). I would recommend it."
"38 years old. I took Androgel 5mg /day for 7 months with no, or very few results. I went up to 7,5mg/day for a month with the same effect.  The testosterone level is still very low.  My doctor asked me to try Natesto for a month, we&#039;ll see from there !"
"I agree with both of the other posts.  Sonata is very effective and you feel no drowsiness in the morning.  Also, you are not so completely zonked out that you can&#039;t awaken if necessary. At first I took it only when I awakened at 2 or 3 am, but now I take it before bedtime and sleep (7 hours) until the next morning.
"
"I have been dealing with chronic low back pain for 2 years. I have degenerative disks in L4 and L5 and arthritis in my spine. Norco works really well for my pain."
"Was prescribed doxycycline hcl for bronchitis. Have been taking for 3 days now and no change in symptoms. I still cough so hard my head throbs so bad I want to pull it off.  My daughter was just diagnosed with viral pneumonia in both lobes of her Right lung, so maybe I don&#039;t actually have bronchitis."
"There was a point where I had been forgetting to take the Zoloft that had been prescribed to me for social anxiety (and it had worked quite well in decreasing the symptoms of that disorder) and during the time I had been forgetting to take the meds, things took a turn for the worse. It all started with an intrusive thought, and that was what triggered my first, horrific episode of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. It took me a while to piece together the reason why the OCD had developed and persisted, but finally I realized that my Zoloft had possibly been suppressing an earlier development of OCD due to it&#039;s anti-anxiety effects (OCD is characterized by anxiety.) I then got back on the medication, and it literally only took an hour for the OCD to significantly vanish."
"Just been prescribed these as I have just had a manic episode with anxiety and insomnia. At first I was frightened to take them and had the prescription sitting for two weeks, the gp said getting some sleep will help with recovery. These definitely knock you out at 15mg. This is the third night and I feel rested although drugged throughout the day, having some amazing dreams.All my body feels calm and just relaxed which is an absolute godsend after the last few weeks. There is no way I could drive so I will have to contact the doc as I won&#039;t be able to take these when I go back to work. I developed a bad reaction to sertraline which I had taken for a couple of years, alongside lamotrigine and quetiapine for bipolar. I would recommend these."
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for 2 years today, so I have another year to go. I love it, but I thought it&#039;d be different than the others. I&#039;ve been on a journey to find the best birth control for me, and I think I&#039;ve tried everything. I started off on the pills, but couldn&#039;t remember to take it, then the patch that fell off constantly, then the nuvaring that fell out, then the depo shot. This is where I slowly but surely gained weight. 2012 November weight at 110, and in 2013 134lbs. I changed the method to Nexplanon, and this is where I started to notice the no periods, and less hassle. But dramatically my weight increased. I&#039;m currently 155lbs, I exercise and eat right. I can&#039;t lose anything. My emotions are through the roof all the time."
"After 20 years of every SSRIs for depression and generalized anxiety disorder I have found that Gabapentin is the only medicine that has really helped the anxiety with the exception of Thioridizane (now withdrawn in UK). At first Seroquel seemed to help but 3 months now on Gabapentin and significantly better. Still haven&#039;t found the ideal dose (now about 2400 a day) but initial side effects have worn off. My family say that since coming off Seroquel my personality has returned to what it used to be years ago. Give it a good try, and good luck. If you post on here I do think it helps if you mention dosage (and body weight 224lbs)."
"Tramadol works great for my back pain doing the day when I&#039;m working. It has worked great for me for over 10yrs and it keeps my stress levels down. Things that I normally would let bother me don&#039;t bother me."
"My comments are for company who makes Jublia. The first prescription was free; I&#039;m not sure if my insurance paid at the time or if it was a promotional gimmick.  I went back to get my 2nd prescription filled and the insurance won&#039;t pay for Jublia until you&#039;ve been on Lamisil. The cost for Jublia 4ML is $600.00.  Highway robbery for consumers and insurance companies.  So unless you have a &quot;fat&quot; wallet don&#039;t waste your time. The average person can&#039;t afford this medication."
"After being diagnosed with very high blood pressure I&#039;ve been taking Ramipril for 2 months now. The side effects I am experiencing are 1/ I get very tired in the evening at about 8pm. 2/ I am beginning to get a bit forgetful and confused from time to time. 3/ Sometimes I get this tingling sensation in my hands and wrists (it feels like a mild electric shock). But apart from that the drug is manageable and doesn&#039;t really interfere with my day to day life."
"There is some filler in this medication that I am allergic to. The medication itself is not that effective. This company and North Star Pharma use the same filler that I am allergic to. My face, tongue, eyes, throat, ear drums, hands and feet swell so badly it renders the drug useless. I am taking the findings to an allergist and from hence forth will have to screen every drug I take. 
Thanks for that,
Sincerely,
Swollen"
"This has changed my life.  I was able to breathe better almost immediately and I love that is easy to use.  It did take a few tries to get accustomed to the inhaler but now I can&#039;t imagine going back to my old ones."
"first week lost 3 pounds. Have blurred vision but no side effects that cant be tolerated. First night could not sleep but after that it was ok. this is an awesome drug was kind of scared of diet pills but this one is great."
"I noticed a lot of people on here giving up after only a week or so.I have been on Celebrex for years and at different times I would stop for a week or 2 immediately I would start going downhill. Celebrex needs to build up in your system the more time you take it the more it helps.Should give it at least a month.I was on heavy pain meds for years now all I take is Celebrex I have severe neck and back problems and severe arthritis.Celebrex is a miracle drug for me without the side effects of heavy pian meds.Thank you for Celebrex it has changed my life"
"Second time on Aldra.  The first time I used it on my right temple, nose, and my face.  I was covered in red blotches, like scalds, but I don&#039;t remember any severe reactions. I can&#039;t seem to remember it hurting,  and it was worth it. It cleared the persistent and sore bcc on my nose and temple.  I now have another bcc on my forehead which has been persistent and shown no sign of healing, and has bleed at times.  My GP/doctor has prescribed a course of Aldara and  this time I have a much worse reaction, one side of my face has come with very red like swollen spots, blistering, and I have flu like symptoms.  But I am sure it will be worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for about 4 months now. I tried the generic Gianvi but it was seriously like taking rage pills, so now I&#039;m using the brand name even though insurance doesn&#039;t cover it. I started taking Yaz to help with my skin because I was breaking out really bad. I noticed a significant difference in my skin within the first month and now my skin is completely clear with the exception of the occasional bump or two around my period. I get the typical mood swings around my period but nothing too crazy. I have noticed I feel a little more anxious since I&#039;ve started taking it but it isn&#039;t extreme. My boobs are much more full now, which I like, but I have gained a little weight (about 3-5 pounds)  which has proven hard to get rid of it."
"I am 72. Had my 5th colonoscopy 2 days ago. Before, I always had Versed, which was wonderful. With propofol, I was out immediately, but awoke feeling disoriented and very scared, like coming out of a deep sleep when the phone rings. Got home and cried for an hour over nothing.Slept all day.  2 days later still having trouble concentrating and feel very tired and out of it, unfocused. Never again."
"I&#039;ve had severe depression and increasing anxiety since I was 18 (23 soon going on 24 now!) but was only officially diagnosed last summer, a few months after I graduated college. I started taking Wellbutrin SR in September 2014, and eventually went up to 300 mg x day.  At first it just gave me headaches, worsened my chronic insomnia, and gave me an immediate burst of way too much energy.  Now I no longer experience any of these effects. One of my biggest issues before was total lack of motivation, but Wellbutrin has fixed this almost entirely. I&#039;m actually able to leave the house now and I finally have a job that I enjoy going to and am actually able to focus on. I really wish I had started taking this sooner, but I&#039;m glad I&#039;m on it now."
"I had been having anxiety and other symptoms such as weight loss.  I was diagnosed with OCD and started on 10mg prozac. I battled with side effects for the first month of increased anxiety, nauseousness and sleeping problems.  At about the 5 week mark the negative side effects went away and I started to feel some relief from the anxiety caused by the OCD.  I was increased to 20mg which seems to be enough for me.
I have now been on it for over a year.  I feel so much better.  Like a weight is lifted off of my shoulders and I no longer worry and obsess.  I have gained some weight but the anxiety had made me lose weight so I think I am able to eat now because I feel better.  I don&#039;t sweat the small stuff in life anymore!!"
"The prep was for my wife who has chronic migraines.  A look at the ingredients reveals it contains Aspartame, which can trigger migraines."
"I have found that Xanax works for me, in such a way that I can go outside, to the shopping mall, and to other events with my family, that I would otherwise avoid at all costs. I have been on Xanax since 1987, and aside from a couple of small self medicating, and using with alcohol when I was younger (I no longer do these things, which are quite dangerous), and my life has been almost normal."
"Works well with mood swings and hot flashes.  Side effects are not that great for me, I have dizziness and sore breasts, however both seem to be dissipating as I go through my first month&#039;s doses."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lithium for almost 2 years now. It is actually amazing mood wise and it helped me get over my social anxiety. The side effects I&#039;ve had which technically are not good at all, but are almost worth how I feel are. I had to be put on blood pressure medicines, my hair is sheding a lot more than normal. I have more acne than I used to, and the worst one. I&#039;ve gained about 25 pounds which for me wasn&#039;t good I was already overweight. Oh and I haven&#039;t had a period for almost three months now (not pregnant) my doctor thinks Lithium might be to blame. I&#039;m only 25 by the way, so I should still have a period. Besides all of this Lithium was the best thing to ever happen to me."
"10 mg didn&#039;t work at all. Terrible side effects."
"I am in the third month of my treatment.  It has helped with the oiliness of my skin, but I still have cysts that are being very stubborn.  "
"Received test results 8/20/13 and after 8 weeks of medicines undetectable and CD4 at 980, no side effects! In my Canadian Province all HIV medicines including the Quad are 100% covered by the government medical plan at no cost, regardless of income."
"Everybody is different... I&rsquo;ve had mine over a week now. I was previously on depo for four years. I was given a cervix softner for night before and morning of and ibuprofen an hour before. Insertion was super quick and not awful but the second she was done I was in intense pain( and I have a high pain tolerance). Rolled around thinking I would die for 45 minutes until a friend could pick me up. After the first hour pain lessened but still horrible cramps, couldn&rsquo;t leave the heating pad for even a second. This pain had continued on and off. No bleeding at all yet. I developed aseptic meningitis and was hospitalized 4 days after insertion (don&rsquo;t know if it&rsquo;s related but seems suspicious). Still cramping so bad can&rsquo;t see straight."
"I took the Sovaldi Ribavirin combo when it came out in  2014.  I had genotype 3 of Hep C (habitual IV drug user) which  has a much lower success rate than gens 1 &amp; 2 (@ 25% lower!), so I prepared to be disappointed.  But I dosed at the same time every day, did not miss a single one, and followed my doc&#039;s instructions to the letter. I pre-planned my Tx thoroughly bc I have a history of very bad luck with my physical health. But in 4 wks I was Undetectable! And felt like total crap and had hallucinations in the first month, I think that is rare but still not fun at all! Once I acclimated to the meds it subsided, but I still felt awful overall for the whole 6 months. I have been done with Tx over a year and still Undetectable - so it works!"
"Just completed 12 weeks of harvoni two days ago. Had many side effects while on it, sudden sky high blood pressure which I never had before. dizziness, vertigo, severe insomnia. However now that I have completed the medicine I feel incredible. like I&#039;ve been born again. Overall I would say if you can get through the side effects and stress of dealing with insurance then go for it. 

I will have to see in 3 months if they killed the hep c completely  but in the meantime I am going to enjoy every healthy beautiful new day."
"It works best for me, better than narcotic pain relievers, and better than Neurontin (pregabalin), which I&#039;m amazed isn&#039;t on this list, as it is very similar to Lyrica. I have no side effects, with the medication, and I take it for chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy. Hopefully this will help someone, it was well worth trying for me."
"I have been taking Promethazine 25mg tablets as needed for nausea for about 5 years. 1 pill would completely take away my nausea, even if I had the flu. However, the first time taking 1 pill knocked me out. You can build up a tolerance fairly quickly if you take them daily. I also have taken 1 to 2 pills to sleep through the night if im off work the next day because they make me groggy for a few hours the next morning. They don&#039;t make me feel &quot;out of it&quot; like Xanax and I have never developed any type of addiction to them either."
"I had terrible anxiety and the beginnings of depression.  I&#039;d had bouts of depression throughout my life, and in October 2015 it became seriously challenging and I felt unable to cope.  For the first time I asked my doctor for help and he suggested counseling with a psychologist and he also prescribed 10 mg of Lexapro (generic).  For the first 3 weeks I had terrible diarrhea (which oddly at the time I did not associate with the Lexapro), and night sweats.  I stuck with it, my doctor increased the dose to 15 mg and a couple weeks later to 20 mg.  It then was reduced back to 10 mg in February and I&#039;ve been taking 10 mg per day since then (now it&#039;s May 30th).  This medicine has helped me so much!  It let me &quot;feel clearly&quot; and changed my life."
"This was the first drug I was prescribed when I was diagnosed. I took it for seven months, and in the beginning it seemed to worse. I ended up having to take three a day, but even that didn&#039;t feel like it was working. Towards the end it made my manic episodes worse and made me feel like I was spinning out of control. I had to switch drugs."
"Received 1st of three on 5/5/2014 no side effects, very little pain."
"My beloved mother went to the hospital by ambulance in 2014. She had afib which  caused her to have ischemic strokes, bloody urine found out later in coffee can. She was in a nightmare for 6 weeks until the early morning hours of July 12th 2014 . They did an abdominal surgery so that the bleeding would stop and they had to cauterise her arteries in her stomach and put a vac pac on her. Then was rejected on the case so far because her death report said she died from COPD can someone help me try to get justice . "
"I am in the middle of my second course of Euflexxa.  I had it six months ago, and the pain relief was significant.

One thing to note is that your doctor should place the injection exactly where your arthritis is.  No improvement could mean he or she is not doing the injection in the right place.

Another thing to note is that your activity tolerance in the first 48 hours after a Euflexxa shot can vary tremendously.  I think most doctors use local anesthetic, and last shot I &quot;felt fine&quot; and was walking around and using short flights of stairs too much, resulting in severe pain that night (Percocet needed) and still a lot of pain the next day.  The third day I was fine though.

Today I got a shot and I am taking it easy to avoid pain."
"Great medicine that will help me to live longer. My lipids have improved a lot since I started taking Vascepa 2g."
"I started Tenuate in Mid March and now am down 40  lbs. I use Tenuate along with a low calorie diet and moderate exercise.  I just reached one of my first goals which was to be &lt;200 lbs.  That was a big step for me.  I haven&#039;t been this small since my first pregnancy back in 1995.  I still have a long way to go but I am very happy with the outcome this far.  I usually skip the Tenuate on the weekends because I tend to not eat breakfast on weekends.  If I don&#039;t eat an hour or so after taking the pill in the mornings, I get a little jittery. I would recommend this to anyone looking to lose big numbers. I weigh in with my doctor once a month and she monitors my blood pressure, etc. Couldn&#039;t be happier."
"Terrible. I am a totally different person. I feel tired 24/7, bloated heart problems and my boobs always hurt. I would never suggest this birth control."
"Fluorouracil worked fine on the AKs and wasn&#039;t as bad as I thought it would be except I experienced &quot;hand foot syndrome&quot;---burning of palms of hands and soles of feet (even though the medication never touched those areas)."
"Very addictive neurotoxin. Stops working after a few months. Withdrawals include problems like psychosis, and dementia."
"I am only on the begining of week two, however I&#039;ve never had a lower sex drive in my life. I&#039;ve also never been more nauseous in my life. I throw up nightly. Took a pregnancy test and I&#039;m not pregnant. Unless it gets better after this packet of pills I&#039;ll be calling my pharmacist to switch to a different type of birth control."
"My experience is similar to one above mine. I have only been on it a couple of weeks. My breasts have grown alot. I started taking the pill on the first day of my period like the pack said to do. It stopped my period, I know it&#039;s early but so far I&#039;m happy with it. Hope this helps someone ."
"This medicine is wonderful. I gave it a 9 only because I can never quench my thirst and it makes me sensitive to bright lights and phone/computer/TV screens after awhile. Otherwise it&#039;s amazing. I feel so stable and happy. It&#039;s almost eerie. I have been suicidal and a cutter for a long time and it has lifted those desires. I really hope this &quot;magic&quot; lasts."
"This product is working pretty well for me right now, with the exception of one old bump it has cleared my face and arms up really well. I am very happy so far."
"I am a 45 year old female and have had mild to moderate anxiety for most of my adult life.  I lived with it for years and tried different medications on and off when my level of anxiety increased.  I also tried yoga, meditation, exercise and counselling.  A year ago, a new doctor prescribed 100mg Zoloft 1x/day.  It took about a month for me to feel a difference, but Zoloft has given me the most &quot;normal&quot; feeling of any drug I ever tried.  I do not have sexual side effects, as I did with other antidepressants nor do I feel numb or sleepy throughout the day.  I have gained some weight (15 pounds) over the past year, but I can&#039;t really attribute it just to Zoloft."
"I first got on the Implanon because I am not good at remembering to take pills. I loved it at first and after 3 months my periods stopped! But I have been on it for 10 months now and have gained 50lbs so I am going tomorrow to have it removed. The weight gain is depressing. I have no other complaints other than the weight gain. The insertion was not painful and you don&#039;t even realize you have it unless you touch it."
"I have never had the feeling of being full and have fought obesity since childhood. I had a successful gastric bypass in 1980 (but with serious lifelong medical complications) and lost 170lbs at after the operation.  Over the years I&#039;ve gained and lost up to 70lbs but never held a steady weight. I saw a psychiatrist 6 years ago (for other reasons) and shared this with him.  He told me about Topamax and explained that it did not work in everyone, but had with some of his patients with true food disorders.  He started me at 5mg/day  and increased the dosage by 5mg/ week.  When I reached 150mg/day I noticed that I consistently pushed my plate away or stopped eating when I was full. It has been a miracle, and my weight hasn&#039;t varied more than 5lbs in 7 years."
"I have been on Soma for 10 years for fibromyalgia and degenerative disc disease.  It is by far the best muscle relaxer that I know of for this type of chronic pain.  My insurance company will not pay for it any longer.  They recommend Zanaflex, Skelaxin. These are very expensive medicines, running  $450-550/month.  Soma costs me $30 without the insurance for a month supply.  I take it 4 times a day when I need to.  It is important to take it as instructed and not to take more than your doctor prescribed. It gives you a better quality of life without pain.   If you need to discontinue, do it gradually."
"I&#039;m 39 yrs young 140 lbs I have severe acid reflux . I was having a hard time eating everything . I started taking Zantac 150mg , one tablet a day . Only thing I regret is not taking it sooner . Now , I can eat more than one small meal a day without being in pain ."
"It is great not to have to take a pill, but the ring comes out all the time! I have to fix it twice a day usually. I&#039;ve been to the doctor and she said I&#039;m fine, it just happens with people sometime. It&#039;s so annoying! Why would they make it a ring shape?! It&#039;s such a poorly designed product. Women aren&#039;t meant to have ring shaped things in their vaginas! Make it a cylindrical shape, like a tampon."
"I was on my period when I got it (August 25, 12) haven&#039;t stopped bleeding at all since (heavy bleeding too) &amp; today is 1-15-13. Here lately I&#039;ve started to get tired of it. My mood swings are horrible &amp; I cry for no reason (my poor husband). My acne is terrible, I have bad hair loss, I&#039;ve been so sleepy lately I&#039;m assuming my iron is low from all the blood loss. I can&#039;t hold stuff in my left arm without it getting sore. It&#039;s terrible for me, but everyone is different!"
"For the last three years I have had lower back pain that went down into both right and left buttocks and into my right hip. I was finally referred to radiology dept. and they gave me an injection into both SI joints. After three days the constant pain and spasms went away that were in my lower back and that went down into buttocks and into hip. It was absolutely wonderful to be able to sleep, walk without limping and hurting and my attitude and energy level became more positive. To be rid of the constant chronic pain that never went away, day and night, was a blessing! The injection has lasted 1 1/2 months and now I am starting to hurt again. I would recommend an injection for pain."
"Wow! worked great!  felt much better overnight."
"After surgery for ovarian cancer I was treated for 6 months with chemo which ended in Jan &#039;13. After having to go back for another course of chemo my blood tests went up and they started me on Anastrozole. Have been on it for 6 months so far. Had stomach problems and constipation for a while, but as each problem came up I found something that would help. Other side effects have been stiffness in my joints-ankles and hips, short term memory loss, as well as trying to come up with a word I wanted to use and couldn&#039;t recall it. Loss of balance another issue as well"
"I used Amirix with Klonopin and Pristiq and I sleep, finally. The combination works for me. The only problem it takes me a while to open my eyes in the morning.
I am disabled so this side effect is not a problem."
"I was out on a couple of different types of medications for my ADD. When I came across Concerta, it is close to perfect to me. I don&#039;t get that feeling like I&#039;m spaced out like Adderral."
"This is the worst thing. Have had nothing but horrible pain since getting it 12 months ago . Have had it removed today after being hospitalised for excruciating pain. They could not find any reason as to why and I have always thought it was this horrible device. A medical
Professional also told me hers was removed due to issues and she had met many others who have suffered. Do not do it !"
"I am 4 wks into shot and feel horrible! My sex drive is gone, side pains, cramps, headaches, and so tired all the time. My mood swings make me feel like I am crazy! Oh and now I have this metallic taste in my mouth. I just want to sleep all day because of the constant cramping..I feel horrible. My face is changing too! I am black and my face looks so dry and discolored."
"I was diagnosed with ADD and my doctor recommended me to take vyvanse 40mg. The first day I took it around 6:00 am and it started to work about an hour in. I was able to focus very well and was a lot more sociable. However, the good effects of the medicine only lasted for 5 hours and then everything went downhill and I felt depressed. My heart was beating faster than usual, dry mouth, and had no desire for food. The next day thinking it would be better, it didn&#039;t kick in until around 2:00pm and only lasted for a few hours. Sometimes it would leave me feeling very antisocial and aggitated. Today is my last day taking it because it hasn&#039;t worked for me at all today. Wasn&#039;t hungry all day, felt very sweaty, nervous, aggitated, out of breathe."
"I&#039;ve been taking YAZ for about 5 months and lately I&#039;ve been having headaches. I don&#039;t know if these are tension headaches or if the pill is one of the causes. Also, I skipped a day in week 3 and I spotted for 2 weeks up until my cycle."
"I began getting serious boils in the worst places a man could ever get them. A nurse friend of mine knowing I was diabetic said that many diabetics get boils in the genital area and suggested I take Bactrim. This drug cleared them up quickly,leaving me to be one happy man."
"I have been taking medicine for about a year. Really great but side effects dehaydrated,bladder never empty,heaviness in chest, stomach pain"
"I was prescribed campral after almost dying from drinking a liter of vodka a day every day and being hospitalized. It worked miracles! Made me look at alcohol like something I wouldn&#039;t want to eat..%u2026I thought I was cured so I stopped. But it&#039;s a lifetime drug. I was sober for two years , then had a normal life, and start celebrating Halloween drank a few beers..that turned into liters , and I was back in the hospital,, worse this time, now I&#039;ve had jaundice for over a month, feeling better...leg muscles are deteriorated from being in the hospital and needing rest for so long. I got very lucky!!!! So if you take campral, keep. Taking it it takes time to get into your system to work give it a month or two. "
"This drug did absolutely nothing for the level of pain I&#039;ve been experiencing. The doctor&#039;s &quot;group&quot; would not allow him to prescribe anything stronger or more effective. This unfortunately is not the magic bullet for chronic pain."
"I take Zoloft, Zyprexa and dothiepin. All very effective."
"I have had the Implanon for two years now, personally it is more hassle then it is worth. My periods are heavy and long lasting sometimes for over a month. There is often a tiny break between one period ending and the next starting, which is knackering. Every few months it will disappear altogether which is a god send. When it returns my emotions/ mood swings are extreme."
"3 months ago I quit drinking and have been taking Baclofen and Campral for cravings with great results. After a couple of weeks on Valium for detox plus Campral for cravings my Dr agreed to prescribe Baclofen which I am finding is calming.  I was drinking 1-2 bottles of wine a night and had tried to quit many many times - lasting from days to a few months. What is very different this time is I am not having to fight myself and constantly &#039;self- talk&#039; - feel much more peaceful. Baclofen does have side effects for me at higher doses. I had to reduce when I got to 75 mg i.e  fatigue, swollen ankles and trouble with &#039;finding my words&#039; but it&#039;s worth it without any doubt. Am now on 30-40 mg and managing well."
"June 23, Dr. prescribed 20 mg. of Celexa for social anxiety at work. I was running out of options. Thought I was going to have to stop working after 20 yrs. with the same company. My 15 year teen felt sorry for us. Tried Zoloft at first,made me very tired, more like a (zombie).  The Celexa 20 mg. first dose, made me feel wired, scared, paranoid, more anxiety, I could not leave the house. A coworker who have very good success with Celexa recommended me to start with 1/4 mg. of a 10 mg. tablet and increase it when my body and mind  work it out.....and it did!  About every 5 days, However, the FIRST AND SECOND week I took off work and watch t.v. and went walking.  Now I am at 10 mg. in 1 month. Social Anxiety gone,plan to increase to 15 mg."
"I have been a functioning Alcoholic for close to 20 years, I have been to hell and back more than once. I have tried so many different ways to stop but the prospect of losing my wife and 3 kids again and forever meant I had to do something. After presenting at hospital I was then in an open ward for my depression as alcoholism tend to go hand in hand with depression. One of the tablets given was Antabuse this not only gives me a mental hand with drinking due to the reaction but it gives my wife a safety net I will not stop taking it. I have been sober just over 7 weeks soon I will beat the 8 weeks I have only ever been sober for in the last 18 years."
"I&#039;m 53 and this was my third colonoscopy.  I did not do well with the bowel preps from my first two colonoscopies.  I had difficulty keeping the prep solution down and it made me sick for a week after the procedures.  In comparison, Prepopik was fantastic.  It was still a bowel prep, but a lot less traumatic on my system.  The taste wasn&#039;t great, but it wasn&#039;t bad either.   I only had one small BM with the first dose and worried that it wasn&#039;t working, but the second dose kicked my system into gear.  I took it at 10pm, but was able to fall asleep around 1:00am.  The other preps kept me up all night. I won&#039;t be signing up for extra colonoscopies, but Prepopik will make the mandatory ones much easier!  Thank you!"
"Been sick for couple days with a horrible cold was recommended Mucinex. I bought Mucinex 600 Guafenesen extended release bi layered and it made me worse.  I&#039;ve been up all night but 930 in the morning and I haven&#039;t slept a wink. Sleep is what helps heal and this does the opposite. I feel worse and  I&#039;ve had a pounding headache for 10 hours now.  I&#039;m very disappointed in this medication it should&#039;ve said non drowsy on the box I would&#039;ve never purchased it. $30.00 to feel like crap. It completely ruined my day if I want to be up all night I would&#039;ve just drank a $1.00 cup of coffee."
"It&#039;s been about 12 days since I&#039;ve started taking trintellix in the 5mg dose.The first few days I was having very vivid dreams, tossing and turning at night, and I would wake up very tired each morning. I take this medication in the morning with my Seasonale birth control, and a One A Day Woman&#039;s Multivitamin. At first, it decreased my appetite to almost nothing every day, I even had nausea lasting for about 3 hours after I took it with food. Now that I&#039;ve been taking it for 12 days the nausea and dreams have started to slowly subside. I noticed on the second day that it pushed suicidal thoughts out of my head almost completely, as well as feelings of constant self doubt and pity, mood swings, and anxiety. For me it&#039;s making a difference."
"Has eliminated daily sinus headaches and sore throats."
"I have upper neck pain and middle back pain from an auto accident.  By stretching the patch with help from my husband to put it on it stays put all 12 hours covering both spots of pain.  I work at a computer for most of my working days without the patch my neck is aching very badly by the end of the day, so putting it on before work prevents the pain at the end of the day.  My doctor advised me to use it as a preventative and it does do the job."
"Had virtually no pain or swelling anymore. Used with combination of Humira. Had to come off, unfortunately due to gut and intestinal issues getting severe. Did help my RA more than any other medication so far, but too many gut issues."
"I was taking 60mg of restoral at night for about 2 years.  I would take Zoloft during the day to help with a PTS disorder.  My doc. Recently changed my sleep aid to trazodone 50-100mg a night, I have never had a better nights sleep in my life, the main thing that worked for me was to dim the lights and lay down about 20 minutes after taking trazodone, within 10 minutes I was asleep.  Woke up without being groggy all day, no longer need a nap after work or during breaks at work.  I have taken ambien, miritzapam, zanex, Tylenol p.m.,Advil p.m. restoral, all to wake up feeling out of it the whole day.  Trazodone works well for me, been 7 months with the same results every night 6-7 hours of sweet dreams."
"I can certainly tell a difference when I don&#039;t take Naprosyn. I take 500 mg twice a day if needed."
"I was just administered propofol for the second time in a few months. Although the procedures were different, the reaction was the same. Immediately after waking, my nose began running profusely. The pain in my nose was severe; I couldn&#039;t breathe through it, hence I couldn&#039;t sleep. The day after the procedure I developed a fever that got so high I had to go to the ER. The fever lasted more than 48 hours."
"I refused to get the shot because I had researched Depo for a paper in college, but it came down to Depo or severe anemia. So I received the shot and the next morning I was praising Jesus because the shot got rid of the almost constant back pain I&#039;d had for 2 years since delivering my twins. Doctors kept telling me it was a sprained muscle only it never healed, now I believe it was endometriosis."
"I was on the brink of a major breakdown duenrin to stress. I am 48 and this drugs helped me more than what I  so can say. I am thankful for it when I did need it."
"Became addicted to it.  Used it several times a day for about 20 years. HAD to use it to keep nostrils open.  Finally a doctor said I should stop.  I quit cold turkey.  Very hard.  After about a month it was OVER.  I do not need them now and do not have to carry nose drops 24-7.
Do NOT start using it!!!  Have been off them for over 15 years now."
"I had the Paraguard IUD inserted in Nov of 2016,I&#039;ve been on several different bc pills and also nuvaring. I wanted something without hormones and that I didn&#039;t have to think about. Before when I wasn&#039;t on bc  or on one of the others I mentioned I would have slight to no cramping and very light periods lasting less than 7 days. Since I&#039;ve had the paraguard I experience extreme cramping and very heavy periods having to use 3-4 super plus tampons for the first 3 days and the periods last longer than before. I was told this would probably be temporary so I gave it time, it hasn&#039;t changed in almost a year. For me it isn&#039;t worth it. I&#039;m considering getting mine removed and going back to nuvaring."
"I remember eagerly waiting for this medicine to come out, and when it finally did, I think I must&#039;ve been one of if not the only patient my psychiatrist had on it. At first, while taking it in the morning, I felt super nauseated (lost weight from it actually), and felt like I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed for anything. So I started taking it at night, which helped a little, but then it suddenly became stimulating for me, so I started taking it in the morning again. That&#039;s when I started noticing the therapeutic benefit setting in, which took roughly a week to start setting in. I quit taking it a month and a half later because of akathisia, but decided to give it another go here recently, and haven&#039;t really had any problems."
"What can I say this is a GREAT medicine! It was prescribed to me to prevent migraines and depression and it work wonders. I stopped getting migraines from 2-3 a week to maybe 1 a month, helped me improve my energy, sex drive and YES I lost about 25lbs in less then 3months LOVE IT. I would so recommended it to anyone."
"After 2 heart surgeries I developed severe anxiety.  I also had constant chest pain that was not cardiac related as well as being afraid to sleep lying flat because I couldn&#039;t breathe.  Before that I was always the calmest person in any situation and suddenly being distracted by irrational fears was devastating for me.  My doctor prescribed Lexapro 20 mg daily which I initially did not take because I didn&#039;t want to be on an SSRI.  After a severe panic attack while on duty, I started taking the medication and experienced complete relief of my anxiety and panic attacks within a week.  I have not experienced any of the side effects except some gas, and my high sex drive has not been affected."
"I returned to work, after having my second child, at the end of April.  By the begining of June everything was falling apart.  The job I had worked so hard to attain, my relationship, my friendships...nothing seemed to be going well, my two beautiful boys were the only thing keeping me remotely together.  I was asked to take a leave from work.  I started with Zoloft - terrible I clenched my teeth all day long!  Moved to Cymbalta - all I wanted to do was sleep, with two very active boys naps are just not an option.  I started taking Effexor XR two weeks ago now.  Love IT!!  The only side effect I&#039;m noticing is short term memory loss, but hey my sex drive finally came back!!!  YEAH!  That alone does help alot with my depression."
"Unlike most of the individuals who posted reviews, I had not been previously taking Loestrin 24 Fe. (This is actually my first experience with hormonal birth control.) I am in my fifth month of taking Minastrin and have had zero side effects. In fact, it drastically reduced the length and severity of my periods (2 days of panty liners vs. 7 days of super tampons), I no longer suffer from cramps or bloating, and I actually lost 5-6 lbs. It seems like I probably needed my hormones regulated to begin with. Maybe it&#039;s the transition from one pill to another that is causing issues for so many? I feel fortunate ::knock on wood:: that things worked out very well in my case."
"I started taking Repatha in April 2017 and the first thing I noticed was back pain, then muscle pain. I can&#039;t use my right arm for much and can&#039;t open jars and things that required using my wrist. I am dizzy headed, and feel so bad all the time. (Fatigue I guess) I am taking 2-3 hour naps during the day and I am only 51. I&#039;ve never done this before.  I talked to my doctor and she said come off of the Repatha for a month and see how I feel. She&#039;s not sure it&#039;s the medicine.  Repatha is really easy to use and is shipped right to my door in a cooler package. Repatha dropped my bad cholesterol from 187 to 67 after 3 doses. (bi-weekly). I don&#039;t know what to do about taking This drug.  I think it&#039;s making me feel really bad all the time."
"I have been on this pill for a month now. I started using it about 2 months after I had my baby. So far it&#039;s a good birth control, the only thing I&#039;ll say is I used to have a  period for 7 days. Since I have been on the pill my last period lasted for 2 weeks. Then 2 days later it came back on and I have been spotting ever since then. The other side effect, I&#039;m moody and no sex drive."
"After a fall on the ice, I got a bad concussion. Dr gave me Voltaren 75mg twice daily to calm things down, pain and to relax, works great! No upset stomach (which was concern to me) no side effects, medicine stays with you works, long time, better then over the counter meds."
"This is the first migraine medicine I have ever taken that actually WORKS. I go through spans of time where I am migraine free for a month or more, but then get walloped for a week or two on an off with BAD migraines. These actually cause pain in my temples and the nerves in my face and ears. Its horrific. Although this medicine is very costly ($40 WITH my health insurance copay for FOUR pils) they do offer a $10 co-pay card which I will be trying out this week when I refill. I recommend this pill - within 2 hours all signs of the headache are gone. It saved my New Year&#039;s Eve!"
"This definitely works to clear up nasal congestion, but I took it at 5:30pm and was up all night.  I haven&#039;t been able to sleep at all.  It&#039;s now 4:30am &amp; I&#039;m still wide awake.  I have to go to work so will be taking another dose in an hour to keep me up.  I will not take a 2nd dose later today so I can sleep but I look forward to being able to breath while I&#039;m at work so still worth taking the medicine."
"My thyroid disease was caught by my determination to find the real cause to my sudden physical &amp; mental change. Long story short I had thyroid cancer twice (2010 &amp; 2012). April 2013 was thyroidectomy, radiation 3 months later. It&#039;s taken all my strength not to give up. I&#039;m finally on 175mcg &amp; my endocrinologist is brushing off my complaints of being depressed over nothing, tired, weak, cold, forgetful, wake up to aching feet. She said 2.1 is in range &amp; Synthroid is the solution. It isn&#039;t enough! It or my dose isn&#039;t jiving with my body. I&#039;m so tired of being tired. Some days it feels like I have cinder blocks tied to my feet."
"I&#039;ve been a few different kinds of Birth Control pills. Nothing really worked the way I wanted... One brand lowered my sex drive, another brand made my acne worse instead of better. Finally ended up trying Ocella even though I was nervous becasue of all the talk I hear about girls getting blood clots.. But I must say, this works. I have mild cramps, for a day or so, and it&#039;s only off and on. My periods are lighter and last usually about 4 days. My face is the clearest it&#039;s ever been. I should of been on this brand in high school. Once in a while I&#039;ll get a pimple. And it hasn&#039;t effected my sex drive. It&#039;s an A in my book"
"I have been on Victoza for a week (0.6) and have already lost 6 pounds (started at 280). I feel full ALL the time. I have to make myself eat meals (especially lunch and dinner), and I am eating much less than before. I have noticed headaches too, but I am not sure if it is due to not eating. I am also still on Metformin (1000mg/2x day). My blood sugars are dropping (170s fasting)."
"I&#039;ve been dealing with IC for over a year-and-a-half now and nothing seems to help me I&#039;ve been on elmiron hydroxyzine and taking desert Harvest freeze dried aloe vera capsules. I&#039;ve tried Cold compressions on vaginal area and sitz bath and have eliminated a lot of things out of my diet. Having this has changed my life completely and knowing that it is not curable makes me feel like I have no hope for the future. I sure wish I could get some kind of relief and don&#039;t want to do the bladder stretching surgery.HELP"
"Do not take this! It caused my 8 yrs old grave mental issues!"
"I was in a study of this medication. Half got it and the other half got placebo.  Dose was increased to 20 mg at bedtime. I got dramatically better in every area.  My husband and parents were thrilled because I had previously attempted suicide and had to be hospitalized.  When the study was half way over all of us got Zyprexa and the half that must of have on placebo, because they didn&#039;t get ANY better, all had results like I did.  At the end of the trial.   I stopped it b/c I had gained 6 # in 12 weeks.  A week off it my husband said I had to get back on it since I had was so bad. This is 11 yrs later &amp; my wt is back to normal, still on med."
"Side effects, mild, but tired. Take a lot of short naps. DRINK WATER. Be careful of OTC drugs. AT 6 wks. bloodwork 15&lt; undetected.  The week after I was done meds, Not detected. This site has Drug interactions list. The reviews were helpful. Hoping next bloodwork will be good."
"Pudendal neuralgia caused by (Transurethral resection of the prostate) TURP.  Pain is currently in month 17."
"My daughter started this, she was tired and first but we moved it to a later time.  After two months we moved her up to 2mg as she was still unfocused. Well I haven&#039;t slept in weeks, she is up alot at night won&#039;t sleep in her room anymore. We switched to taking it in the morning and thought it was a faze, i will be making an appointment to talk to her pediatrician. It was our choice as a nonstimulant and im not going to put her on one. Hopefully there is something  else out there that will work as great during the day but not nightmares. We live in Canada and thankfully our insurance pays for it but that&#039;s not a reason to stay on it."
"I was a 2 pack a day smoker for 54 years.  I asked my doctor if I could try Chantix.  I did as instructed and continued to smoke for the first week.  At the end of the week, I stopped smoking and continued the pills.  After two more weeks, I was able to give up the pills too.  It has been a year now, and I have not had a craving to restart my smoking habit.  Thanks to Chantix, I believe I have kicked the habit for good."
"I&#039;m had it since October and I&#039;ve recently started having really bad cramps. I&#039;ve been light headed and dizzy."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 5 months, I&#039;ve been experiencing nausea , vomiting , bad pains in my right leg and my boobs have gotten bigger and I&#039;m spotting more but bleeding less during my period. But, on the bright side, my period cramps have gotten better."
"The short list of damage that fluoroquinolones (FQs) did to me includes blood clots, broken blood vessels, bloated failing veins carved from 13 entry points, erratic blood pressure, hemochromatosis, liver damage, kidney damage, pulmonary edema, collapsed lung, hernia, torn lumbar muscle, half dozen bulging discs when I had none a few years before, peripheral neuropathy, shrinking eyeballs, tinnitus, multi-chemical sensitivity, gastrointestinal distress, hair loss, crumbling teeth, nosebleeds, nails fall off, spontaneous tendon ruptures, cartilage transplant, ligament damage, cognitive impairment and horrific mental anguish, psychosis, anxiety attacks and hundreds of other bizarre health issues. Many surgeries, more to come until I die early"
"I got my IUD inserted 3 weeks ago. The procedure was crampy, though I did take 600mg of ibuprofen beforehand so it was bearable as long as I remembered to breathe through it. It took about 10 minutes. There were some risidual cramps, first light then really bad on the drive home. Since then I have been spotting/lightly bleeding. For several days last week it was heavier so I assume it was my period? Previously I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen pills and they told me to finish up the pack I was on so I did and that&#039;s when the heavier bleeding started. Now I am back to lighter bleeding/spotting but I hope it stops soon. Normally my periods are 3 days max so I&#039;m not used to this and frankly tired of it!"
"I found this medication actually here after researching weight loss drugs about 3 months ago. Happy to report 3 months 18 pounds lighter. Cravings gone. Snacking gone. Meal portions? About half of what they used to be and not because I force myself. That is the beauty. I don&#039;t want to or need to eat more! Simple. I like simple. Clean drug. No side effects for me. Glad I will be taking this beyond 3 months."
"I&#039;ve taken it for a week and I have had less anxiety in last couple of days.  I hope it continues to help."
"Works well for me but also gave me yeast infections."
"No mood swings, no acne, no weight-gain, controlled period, protects me from being pregnant, only changed once a week, same sex-drive, and increased a cup size! I love it. Sticky part washes away and I rotate between shoulder blades, it doesn&#039;t fall off me, works great for me and I recommend to anyone who has had other forms of birth control issues, this just might work for you."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for only 2 weeks and so far the side effects have been minimal. I&#039;m a 25yr old who has never been on BC before. I was extremely hesitant to try any sort of hormonal contraceptives because of my history struggling with severe acne and my miserable experience with accutane. To my surprise, Lo Loestrin Fe has been pleasant. I am moodier and hungrier than usual but am good about reminding myself that it&#039;s only the pill aggravating these side effects and to remain as normal as I can. No initial breakout or acne, which was my main concern. I will continue using this BC. Remind yourself that every pill will react differently to others, trust your doctor and carefully map out what your main concerns are to them before deciding."
"I have never been diagnosed with add or adhd but was having trouble concentrating. I approached my doctor and he prescribed this drug. It worked perfectly. I no longer have problems paying attention and am doing extremely well in school. My inattention did not return after I stopped this medication."
"I&#039;ve been taking Mononessa since January 2013, and have had a really good experience. No weight gain, no hormonal changes, no unexpected pregnancies! If I ever had side-effects it was within the first month of taking the pills just because my body was adjusting to them. But ever since, my period has been extremely consistent and gotten a lot lighter (which is nice!). I honestly just have no complaints. Also, with a committed partner, it has been totally safe to have sex without a condom (if you&#039;re wondering about that kind of thing). I&#039;ve never had a scare or anything with this birth control -- it&#039;s been super effective. Overall, it&#039;s just a great product. Love it. Also, shout out to Obamacare for covering my birth control!"
"It helps out tremendously with my anxiety. For some reason I get extremely vivid nightmares. What is strange about the nightmares is that they always have the same setting as where I am sleeping. Also, when I have the nightmares after A short period of them starting , It&#039;s almost like I realise it&#039;s just a dream and I convert into a mode of half asleep, half awake. I&#039;ll be having the nightmare but I realise it&#039;s not real and try to wake my self up but at the same time I&#039;m trying to wake up in my dream I feel like im trying so hard to move to open my eyes but I can&#039;t. Almost like a paralyzed state of being but than I wake up usually after the first nightmare they stop. But, not always. Has anybody else experienced this side effect?"
"I have been able to swallow within 2 hours of taking my first pill"
"I tryed norgesic for 2 weeks 3 times a day. It was for a bad muscle spasm im my back, was hard to breathe. I swear norgesic is a placebo.It  did nothing at all for me...Nothing. Worked as paracetamol at best dose no better imo. Told the doctor of my opinion and was given Valium  (diazepam) 5mg. That worked amazingly. I felt it working the whole time. With the valium it took me 2 weeks to recover. Im EXTREMELY surprised to see so many people say norgesic it worked for them, But glad it did. 
I don&#039;t usually give feedback  /- however I truly don&#039;t think this compound works."
"Have been on Flexerill for the last 18 months. Doctor decided it was time for a change in my medicines. Put me on Tizanidine for muscle spasm and tension headaches due to disc protrusion at C7-C8. Had some side effects coming off of the Flexerill. But since this medicine hasn&#039;t worked I&#039;m ready to go back to the Flexerill."
"Take 1200 MG once a day  makes me feel much more peppy."
"I have been on Sprintec for a year and just went in to get my 2nd years worth of prescription. It&#039;s great, it&#039;s affordable best part is knowing when I&#039;ll have my period and usually starts and ends on the same day each month. My doctor has also changed my prescription a bit this year &amp; has prescribed it in a way which I will only get my period every 3 months. No bad side effects, just good ones like clear skin, no cramps, light periods, etc. For you ladies who get nauseous after taking the pill, before I started my Dr. warned me about that and she recommended I take the pill before bed, so I take mine at 10 pm every night so even if I do get nauseous I don&#039;t feel it because I&#039;m usually asleep."
"I&#039;ve been on nexplanon for about 5 years now, I&#039;m 20. Yes, I had this method of contraception at the age of 15. I can say I am still bittersweet with this birth control my sex drive is almost non existent, and my mood as hit an all time low. I never experienced any weight issues but the fact that it exaggerated my anxiety and depression I never want to eat, or get up and be apart of the world. I&#039;ve never been pregnant so I guess it does its job however when my body does send the message to me that I&#039;m not pregnant  (my period) I&#039;m bleeding for 2 weeks sometimes more, I use to have 4 day periods and would never experience cramps now I feel like my uterus is being pulled out of my vagina day in and day out and that&#039;s before the bleeding."
"This used to be my holy grail and whilst over two years later it still works, it&#039;s definitely not as effective as it was when I started using it. I wouldn&#039;t say this is a long term solution however when used with breaks in between it seems to clear my acne up a bit and I can certainly notice the difference. In combination with the pill I find it does the job nicely, however I&#039;ve found my skin has sort of built up a resistance to it which is shame. 
The cream is extremely drying so definitely use moisturiser if you do suffer from dry skin and don&#039;t put it on at the start of the day and expect it to not linger if you&#039;re planning on putting makeup on even six hours later."
"Have only been on Sovaldi (and Ribavirin) for three days now, so only have side-effects to report on so far. Sovaldi seems to be causing the following: shortness of breath, acid reflux, diarrhea, and a horrible itchiness around my mouth and lips. All but the itchiness are tolerable--the itchiness is preventing me from eating or drinking much liquid, and I hate it.

But I remain hopeful that this combo will cure the Hep C I have had for about 43 years now!"
"I have suffered from vertigo for many years then diagnosed with Meniere&#039;s about 10 years ago.  I brought an article about diazepam to my doctor and she prescribed it for me.  I would usually only use 5mg when I had an attack but the attacks now seem like an everyday thing.  I started taking 5mg daily in the AM and find that I finally feel like a normal person, able to focus better in my daily like instead of trying to tune out the ringing in my ears and the sensitivity to noise.  Also my computer screen no longer makes me nauseous.  I do not  normally like to take any meds but will make an exception now since I feel like I have my life back."
"I have been using phentermine since the middle of last year. My starting weight was 235 and I dropped down to 190 at best. My goal weight is 140 (I don&#039;t want to be too thin). I look so much better in my clothes and can actually wear a size 12. I&#039;ve struggled with weight for a very long time and this seems to be the only thing that actually produces results...kudos! P.S.: I do recommend though that you use it then don&#039;t use it for some days that way it can work to it&#039;s full potential and your body won&#039;t get so used to it."
"I got my first dose a month ago.  The main side effects I am experiencing are hot flashes, much decreased appetite (not complaining there) and fatigue.  I will take all those any day rather than deal with endometriosis pain. So I am definitely pleased with the Lupron treatment. Its nice to not be in so much pain. I would call off work and stay in bed and cry.  So big difference!"
"I got the Mirena inserted to treat heavy bleeding &amp; to prevent pregnancy. Before this I was taking birth control pills (sprintec) and stopped because they were causing significant hair loss and depression. Since I have stopped using them my hair has been growing back in. I have also noticed that I don&#039;t feel depressed as often). Mirena has been effective at preventing pregnancy but the dark brown discharge I get every single day makes me feel so disgusting that I have no desire whatsoever to have sex (it only stopped when I went back on the pill WITH the IUD but returned after 3 months when I stopped the pills again). To people who have menorraghia: please reconsider getting the Mirena IUD."
"Had great results with this medicine."
"I&#039;ve passed several stones, this was one of the worst and the first time flomax was prescribed. I have never had such ease passing a stone before and would highly recommend this for anyone suffering from a stone."
"1.5 months along with Skyla. Had a pretty bad insertion experience due to my &quot;unexercised cervix&quot; I tried mirena and it would not fit. After 15 min of agony went with Skyla and it was still a little difficult but finally got it in. I was having uterine spasms and could always feel the IUD inside me for about 3 weeks after insertion. I found out ibuprofen was to blame. Since I stopped taking ibuprofen the pain has subsided to right before period cramps and sometimes when I&#039;m aroused or after having an orgasm. Another downside was the initial bleeding for 2 weeks straight. Then I had one week of spotting, followed by one &quot;spot free&quot; week and back to a full blown 7 day period. Besides the daily spotting and spotting after sex skyla is ok."
"Has been amazing so far for fibromyalgia pain, that had become unbearable over the years. Pain couldn&#039;t be lived with anymore. Also have depression. Has helped, could be better though. Had C-4 to C-7 replaced with implants, and spur removed, still have herniated back. This helped and side effects gone."
"The worst experience ever. Deep depression and I&#039;ve never had issues with depression in my life. 
I was seriously a mess."
"Immediate relief from vomiting/nausea."
"I do not recommend this birth control! I&#039;ve been taking it for almost 3 weeks and my body feels completely different. This pill made me very nauseous, bloated, moody and tired. It also made my periods closer together and my cramps more painful. Definitely going off of it."
"I have been using hypercare for years now. I noticed people were saying it burned quite a bit. My doctor told me to take a wet wash clothe and get the affected area damp prior to using hypercare and it takes care of the burning. It really does work."
"I have polycystic ovarian cysts. I used to be on Tri-Sprintec, the polyphasic version of this pill, and had the worst headaches from the hormone changes every week.  Switching to Sprintec seems to have solved the issue.  My acne and hair issues, courtesy of PCOS, have improved, and I feel better overall.  I did gain about three pounds, but I started the medication shortly before the holiday season so it could have been a product of too many parties.  Definitely worth a try if you need a higher estrogen level pill.  Plus, it&#039;s affordable even without insurance."
"I love to fish but would get very seasick. Once I discovered Bonine I never got seasick again!  I take one the day before and one just before i get on the boat. Works great!"
"This has been prescribed by my doctor as an add on antidepressant to Lexapro which I am taking- as Lexapro did not seem to be working just by itself. I think this medication is pretty good. Overall I feel much less depressed since taking it, and almost feel back to my old self. The only side effect I get with this medication is sweating. I would definitely recommend this medicine to other people."
"This was my 2nd colonoscopy since 2009 and this prep was by far the worst because my first prep did not clean me out near as good as this one did.  Did not know what to expect as far as taste, but it was yuck and all I could do to get it down.  Nurse told me not to gulp it as it may come right back up so I drank it over about a 10 minute period.  Not bad but the after taste is the killer.  Started working in about 30 minutes and for the next 3 hours it was doing its job.  Some advice, get some moist wipes, they are wonderful versus toilet paper.  Second dose was about the same.  Did have some bloating and chills from all the cold water, but no cramps, only a sore backside and legs from sitting on toilet for so long. Procedure was easy."
"You have to remember, with an injury pain can be your friend. I&#039;ve been taking 10-650 for years off and on and just because it says to take once or twice a day doesn&#039;t mean you have to. Pain reminds you that the injury is still there and gives you limits that stop you from making it worse. "
"For me personally, the weight gain WAS dose-related. I gained over 200 lbs. by the time I got up to 600mg a day.  Even so, it does wonders for my schizo-affective and depression disorders."
"I work as a medical assistant at a gyno office so I&#039;ve seen thousands of women get there IUD and even assisted in the procedure with the doctors/ nurse practitioners. I probably have used every single form of birth control out there besides the injection and I would get intense migraines on every single one of them. Once I got married I knew my inconsistent use of birth control was no longer going to slide so I knew I had to pick something that was fool proof and long lasting with the least amount of side effects. Experience: I have very irregular periods and you have to get your IUD inserted on you period so I didn&#039;t know I was getting my IUD until the day of. I took 2 motrin an it hurt SO SO SO bad, but it was a very quick pain. "
"My daughter is 8 with ADHD and this medicine did not work for us. She became head strong, was bullying and was always upset. It did not work for us but every child is different. Goodluck."
"I&#039;m 31 and this was my first time getting the depo shot. I had a period for 2 weeks, light flow, the first month and continued to have periods the following months, each lasting 5-7 days. It killed my sex drive and now, with the drug completely out of my system, I am having another period and my last period ended less than a week ago. I don&#039;t recommend using the depo shot."
"I&#039;ve been on Geodon for a little over a year. It&#039;s been a miracle until I started having tremors a yr or so later. Drs. lowered me off it and I went into a severe depression. The one thing I hate about it is if I miss a dose, I&#039;m wide awake all night. Dr. is taking me off it and I started Latuda, but I know since I&#039;m off it now I&#039;m having trouble sleeping. "
"While the Avonex was extremely effective on the lesions (they became smaller and some actually disappeared!).  However, the side effects were severe. It literally took me out for 3 days (totally) it took about 2 more days to do anything above the bare minimum i.e. go to work, come home, eat and sleep, and I had about a day and a half to get everything else done such as grocery shopping and mowing the yard and taking out the garbage.  Let alone housekeeping.  I finally just switched to Copaxone due to anxiety over injecting the drug with such a large needle and to counteract the side effects of Avonex."
"For the second time in few months I&#039;m getting hives an hour or so after taking this medication. First time around they were really bad. Second time as soon as I got the itching and few hives I took an antihistamine that helped with the hives."
"Just got on it - so far so good."
"Honestly, I&#039;ve never made a better decision. No periods, no mood changes (actually improved my mental health), no change in libido. Some weight gain, but that is no bother since most contraception has it as a side effect."
"Had horrible side effects, did not sleep for 2 weeks. Developed tics. Felt like I was living a nightmare. Had to be hospitalized. They took me off Effexor. And I started Zoloft. Zoloft worked fantastic . Took Zoloft for a year. Been off meds for 9 years with no problems."
"I was a bit nervous about starting contrave due to all the listed side affects which sound scary. My healthcare professional said the suicidal thoughts would probably occur in someone under 18 y/o. She didn&#039;t have any comment on the part about seizures. Sister and I tried it on the same day. Sister took hers and panicked, thought she was dying so she didn&#039;t take any more. I have a high tolerance for everything so the dizziness and sudden nausousness didn&#039;t alarm me as much. Make sure you don&#039;t have anywhere to go when you 1st try it. First week was a little rough, I got immune to it. It does suppress my appetite but not much. I&#039;ve lost inches b/c I have energy to go to the gym now but my weight is about  the same as it was 2 months ago."
"Did little to relieve spasms radiating through leg muscles from lumbar stenosis, which it was prescribed for.  Most notable effect was erectile dysfunction."
"I have been on Femara for 4 months. Hand pain and weight gain."
"Been smoking for 10 years now; and have had absolutely no will power to try and quit. 
Tried many methods; patches, mouth spray and so on; but to no avail. Only on day 8 of Champix, but, from smoking almost 20 a day, I&#039;m now down to 2 cigarettes a day. And even with 2 a day, I can only smoke half and then the other half a few hours later. The taste is God awful and I don&#039;t even want the cigerette, it&#039;s just habit! 
The only side effects that I have had are nausea if taken on an empty stomach, and quite a few bad mood swings! But, the body is adapting to a new medicine so it&#039;s quite understandable!
I&#039;d recommend to any smoker that has tried other alternative methods first; absolutely brilliant."
"I&#039;ve been taking it for 2 months with no issue. Also my cramps are not as painful."
"me and my boyfriend were having sex and the condom broke, we didn&#039;t know it broke until we were done. i in return started freaking out and ran to cvs to get plan b, i took it an hour after the unprotected sex. (aug 31) the next few days i started having minor back pains/ lower abdomen cramps/headaches and intense mood swings. but surely 5 days later i woke up to my period, 2 weeks early in fact. plan b works wonders, now on the path to get birth control I&#039;m only 16 so it truly saved my life"
"I&#039;ve had ED for many years due to stressful marriage and hypertension, Cialis and other oral meds didn&#039;t do much for me and didn&#039;t last very long.  Divorced  wife and consulted urologist, he suggested Alprostadil 20 micrograms.  20 was too strong as erection lasted over 4 hours, he cut back dosage to 10 micrograms and I get erection which lasts about 2 hours, perfect for terrific sex with my girlfriend.  I&#039;m 75 and girl friend is 72, neither of us have ever had such a perfect intimate relationship.  She massages my penis after the injection which increases our bonding. I was afraid to inject my penis at first but after a couple of times the anxiety went away.  Wish it wasn&#039;t so expensive, would like to use more often."
"Have tried all else works fast. Tastes horrible!  Was the active ingredient in paregoric"
"It was 5am in the morning  when I first  started  with the symptoms. My prescription for macrobid  was ready by 9:30am . I took my first dose by 10am. By about 1pm I was able  to fall  asleep since the pain and urgency to run to the bathroom  subsided.   Thank goodness"
"This gets a rating of 5 because it is absolutely the worst tasting stuff I have ever tried to drink.   On effectiveness I would give it a 10.  The taste is horrid though.   I didn&#039;t get stomach cramps or bloated.  Within 10 min of drinking I was on my way to the bathroom.  But the more of this 14oz I drank the harder it became.  I didn&#039;t get it all down.  I knew my limit and if I continued I would have lost what I had already consumed.  I&#039;m dreading my 5am dose in the morning."
"Take the shot once a month for knee pain. It helps a lot and I could feel the difference in just hours."
"I had been prescribed 1mg of Xanax before bed for severe insomnia after trying all other sleep meds with side effects,  for over 5 years and it worked great. Then I had to get a new PC and they refused to fill Xanax.. Said I needed to go to a psychiatrist for that med. Sooo ridiculous. So, instead he gave me 1mg Klonopin at bedtime. He said it was the same thing just less addictive. I&#039;ve never had an addiction problem with any meds but he felt &quot;uncomfortable&quot; giving me the rx for Xanax,  which again, worked great for me. Now on Klonopin my insomnia is worse. I can&#039;t fall asleep until 7-8am and I just lay there wide awake feeling all irritated. I now get 2-3 hours of sleep a night. Which is worse for my health than 1mg of Xanax."
"Try abreva! It&#039;s most effective when used as soon as you feel a cold sore coming on. It&#039;s my go to and only when I fail to notice the cold sore start and then start using abreva does it not work as well. Abreva combined with prenatal, zinc, and l-lysine supplements you can knock out a cold sore within 3 days."
"I have only been on Pristiq for a week and I can already tell a difference! My only side effects are jaw clenching, thirst, waking up in the middle of the night and weight loss. The jaw clenching is tolerable and if I pay attention to it, I can control it... except when I&#039;m sleeping. The weight loss is awesome. I have been trying for years to lose weight and in 4 days on Pristiq, I lost 6 pounds! It really does suppress the appetite. Sex is still good, no side effects there. I have been on Zoloft (terrible migraines) and Lexapro in the past. The Zoloft was bad, liked the Lexapro, LOVE the Pristiq!"
"Helped a great deal when I first took this for about two years, five years ago, for spondylitis, and now I&#039;ve been taking it for 5 months and it&#039;s doing much less."
"I like that this pill made my already short periods shorter and lighter. My period would last for a maximum of 2 days. Didn&#039;t get cramps. I didn&#039;t gain any weight, don&#039;t remember if it ever made me nauseous but I had to stop taking it because my hair began to fall out. After reading all these positive reviews I&#039;m ready to give it one more shot."
"I contracted MRSA in my right foot second toe. My Dr. Gave me Zyvox because I had MRSA before and it was very hard to heal. It worked very well in clearing it up.  It was the worst 2 weeks of my life. I had nausea, diarrhea. Weakness, I felt horrible. I suppose it was better than losing my toe. It worked for me. I would use it again if the need arose. I am just glad my insurance paid for it or I couldn&#039;t have used it."
"I was on Depo for 9 yrs. The cost of the shot and office visits 4x/year was not prohibitive, but definitely inconvenient. I had no side effects and no bleeding on Depo, but due to bone-density concerns I decided to switch to something longer term. The anxiety leading up to the insertion is the worst part. The procedure was simple, however, the RN struggled with insertion. After the 3rd attempt, it took. This part wasn&#039;t particularly painful due to the use of local anesthetic. Afterward, however, there was moderate pain at the insertion site for approximately 1 month. Minimal to no bruising. Some itching. I have had the implant for 3 months. Just like Depo, no periods and no side effects, however, this is not the case for the majority of users."
"At first I thought since 1 pill was for kids I guess I&#039;ll take 3 pills since I&#039;ve always had problems with constipation.. WORST MISTAKE EVER! I took these 3 horrid pills at 2am.. Thinking they would work overnight.. Here I am at 12:25pm.. With extreme nausea &amp; vomiting my guts out &amp; major diarrhea.. My stomach feels like I&#039;m going into labor these cramps are just too unbearable.. I shouldn&#039;t have taken 3.. I took 1 too many and now I&#039;m learning my lesson the hard way.."
"Girls before you read this, TAKE A BREATH! I My boyfriend and I had what we thought was protected sex on November 29th, however after he finished inside of me, he noticed that the condom had broken. We immediately rushed to the nearest CVS and bought plan B and I took it within about 25 minutes of the incident. For the next few days, I felt so awful- I experienced headaches, anxiety (not caused my the pill, simply my own anxiety), and exhaustion. I wasn&#039;t quite sure where I was in my cycle since it is only 23 days long, but I assumed that I had just ovulated the day before the accident and I wasn&#039;t sure if the egg was still fertile. But after a lot of sleepless nights I am happy to say that I got my period on its scheduled day, November 8th"
"I started taking this at 150mg twice a day with some relief of pain, no side effects.  I&#039;ve recently increased to 225mg twice a day, which is the maximum dosage. I&#039;m  experiencing vertigo, sleepiness, and weight gain, but virtually no pain. My doctor feels the results out-weigh the side-effects and I agree."
"A good target specific antibiotic for upper respiratory tract infection and lower respiratory tract infections together with sinusitis which works fast and I experienced no side effects bar taste being affected but only temporarily."
"No effect. I thought it must be a placebo. "
"I used Plan B OneStep 9 hours after unprotected sex, I didn&#039;t really experience any side effects just a little dizziness that was about it. I got my period two weeks after I took the pill but my next period was a little over two weeks late. Happy to say that it worked for me. I do suggest using a pregnancy test just to ease your mind. I paid 60$ for the pill"
"Been using Actos 15 mg with Metformin (2x1000) for several years now. Most of the side effects listed have not been a factor for me. I do have some swelling of the lower legs and ankles, but that was pre-existing. I have not noticed any difference since I have been on this medication."
"I noticed its effects same day.  At first I thought it was just a placebo type of effect, I was told it would work so I thought it would work.  But when I read up on it, I read that the medicine would work that quickly.  I no longer think of when and where and how much I can drink.  My dreams are no longer haunted with the same thoughts.  I feel like a real person again.  I don&#039;t feel dependent on alcohol.  Even if the alcohol is there, I don&#039;t feel as if I need to drink it."
"Made me sick"
"Awesome, nothing has worked til now!"
"Other then feeling numb on geodon (partly I think my antidepressant too) I love it. I&#039;ve been on geodon for a little over a year. Honestly I&#039;ll probably die taking this drug. It has saved me and brought me back to reality, after a mania-induced psychosis a year and a half ago. I&#039;m almost never paranoid anymore, I can function in my day to day life, I am stable. I&#039;ve even been able to cut down dramatically on how much I take."
"I have been on Butrans for 3 days on day 2 I woke up pain free. I have spinal stenosis, degenerative disk disease and herniated disks L4-S1. I have been receiving injections in my spine for a a year and half and taking norco 10 every 4 hours combined with muscle relaxers. I am a nurse and I work on my feet 36 hours a week. I have felt better the last 2 days than I have felt in a long time.  My husband is very active as I was before my back injury running, weights, rowing and today for the first time in a very long time I asked him to take me hiking. I feel like Butrans is a lifesaver! But again it&#039;s only day 3, so far no side effects!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Sildenafil Generic name for Viagra about a year now and it actually work better for me! "
"I&#039;m was constipated for six days and I had to take the max dose for three days for it to work.. Plus 3 Colace a day..It was definitely not &quot;overnight relief&quot;  but was cramp free"
"I have severe depression and have been on Trintellix for a month.  At first, the nausea and vomiting were awful.  My doctor gave me promethizine, but that didn&#039;t help.   A medication that did work is Zofran, and it works like a charm for the nausea.  It completely stops it.  I take Trintellix in afternoon and about an hour later,  Zofran.  No more nausea;  I am so relieved.  However, I thought Trintellix would help my depression more.  I seem to be more anxious.  I am prescribed Valium 5 mg. up to once a day, but I rarely used to take it.  Now I am so anxious that I have to take it.  I was so hopeful, and now I&#039;m so disappointed that Trintellix is not working as expected. Does anyone have any suggestions for another anti-depressant?"
"A short time after having started on Ernesto 50 mg I&#039; noticed a reduction in my vision. Eye surgeons weren&#039;t quite sure what it was except that they saw an inflammation on my sight nerve. They guessed at temporal arthritis and put me on cortisone. But even now, several months later I feel a faint flare-up of the same feeling on my sight nerve. Could this be connected to the blurred vision as listed as one of the most important side effects, you think?"
"Been having headaches all of the sudden the entire month of November. Bad headaches! Was actually scared to take imitrex because of side effects but finally took it after 2 days of agony, and it worked!! So happy this worked for me"
"Good method of birth control as you only get a shot once every three months and I didn&#039;t experience any birth control failures, acne, weight gain, or periods/spotting whatsoever in the four and a half years I used this method. Huge cons for me included zero sex drive and out of control mood swings along with suicidal thoughts because of my post-partum depression which I think the shots unnecessarily prolonged for years."
"I was in the ER for severe migraine/vertigo and I was scared to take any sedatives because I am so sensitive  including to  benadryl. Unluckily I got the doctor who treated me like garbage and was so impatient; he wouldn&#039;t even let me explain myself he was just asking what I wanted...  

So he suggested reglan instead of benadryl. 2 minutes after I was becoming frantic; I had to pee and was ready to rip the IV out. Then the nurse tells me the doc wants me to do a urine test. haha. I started tripping out worst hallucinations/panic attack. I felt like I was coming in and out of reality/ blacking out every 2 seconds. 

I Finally fell asleep and overheard the doctor wanted to wake me up to do a psychiatric evaluation due to my reaction."
"After trying many types of AD&#039;s my psych put me on brintellix( his Guinness pig) took a good 8 weeks for full effect but has helped my depression tremendously. The only side affect I guess anyone doesn&#039;t want that I have is lower sex drive apart from that no others and I feel fantastic, still have anxiety but it is also lower. This has worked for me. Now been 20 weeks"
"The taste makes me gag and after every time I take it I feel nauseous but after taking it for 5 days I feel so much better, it was worth taking"
"I have had difficulty going to sleep and was prescribed this medicine. It does help me sleep for several hours."
"I suffer from chronic constipation and after seeing my GP I was prescribed dulcolax. This medicine is as &quot;gentle&quot; as a hammer to the face. I took two tablets at around 2am and drunk quite a lot of water. 
I went to bed, no hot flashes, no nausea or headaches. I had very mild cramps and within an hour, I had my first BM after days. I thought that was it and went to sleep. Little did I know that at 10am I&#039;d be woke to explosive diarrhoea. Luckily, there wasn&#039;t much pain.
Tomorrow, I will adjust the dose and take one tablet."
"I started Contrave on December 8.  I loss 4 pounds by January 8.  I didn&#039;t change my diet very much but could not eat the portion sizes I had become accustomed to. I don&#039;t have sugar cravings anymore.  It gave me headaches at first, but they went away.  Constipation is still an issue.  I&#039;m not convinced yet that the medication was the cause of the 4 lb weight loss.  I did notice I had to take the second dosage in early afternoon, otherwise I would be awake at night.  I&#039;m going to try another 30 days and see what happens.

I think the daily weighing helps a lot.  That way I did watch what I ate so that I would keep losing"
"Best thing out there today built to fight the crave completely. Smoke free for more then a week and it&#039;s never been easier"
"I had Mirena placed a couple weeks ago for major Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding, with moderate Endometrial Hyperplasia (14mm), and Iron Deficiency Anemia with megaloblasts. Bleeding for 3 months straight. I was soaking through Ultra absorbency tampons every hour the week of getting the Mirena. I had it placed on a Wednesday and by Friday my bleeding had almost completely stopped. I have not had any spotting since.  The insertion felt like a quick cramp, and a fluttery feeling as the Mirena was being placed, not painful. I was very uncomfortably crampy that evening. But so far, moods are good, energy is coming back. My normal headaches are gone. I probably won&#039;t need a blood transfusion. I am liking this Mirena!"
"I love this pill I&#039;ve been using if for over 4 years now. I had some pretty bad acne and my periods were heavy and long now my face is pretty clear and my period is still a little heavy but it&#039;s super short now (4 days tops) I haven&#039;t put on any weight since I started taking the pill my significant other and I haven&#039;t use a condom in over 4 years and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so it works!"
"I could go 9 to 12 days not having a bowel movement. I stayed very sick. I even got to where I only ate very little food. Bloating was very severe. I have pants from  size 4 -7 depending on the day. Then my Dr. prescribed Linzess. I have been on Linzess for 3 yrs. I had no side effects but diarrhea. But I don&#039;t even care. It&#039;s a blessing. I must take every day or I still will not have a movement. I will take this miracle pill the rest of my life! Cost is high but you can get cheaper with a card through the makers."
"When I first took Zyban, I was confident it wouldn&#039;t work. I smoked much more than I used to during the first week, and then suddenly I couldn&#039;t smoke at all. 

After 3 months on Zyban, I have been extremely happy that I finally beat this addiction. I&#039;m no longer taking the medication and do feel like I want a drag or two. 

All in all, I would say it is a miracle drug...no matter what people tell you, it IS worth it. Be sure to follow what your doctor tells you, it&#039;s plain and simple: 2 tablets per day for 9-12 weeks and you will never ever smoke, if that is really what you want. 

I hope it helps everyone the same way it helped me."
"I just started on Pristiq yesterday, and it&#039;s good to read these remarks.  I am a 29 year old male diagnosed with PTSD and clincal depression.  The last 2 years especially have been hell.  The real hell.. and I want to be out.  Reading these reviews gives me hope."
"I was prescribed Tylenol with codeine for when my gallstones act up. Well it does nothing for me. This last episode of pain woke me up out of my sleep, took my Tylenol with codeine and 30 minutes later, no relief. To top it off, because I had no relief from the pain I ended up puking.....ugh! I&#039;m better off with the ibruprofen 600mg I have from the birth of my son."
"Loved that it is so hassle free. You do not have to remember to take a pill everyday or to get a shot every couple of months. It is good for 3 years. I had mine removed because I was fed up with the side effects caused by the hormones. I became EXTREMELY emotional, my hair started shedding, WEIGHT GAIN!!, always feeling sleepy, etc. I could go on. If you are ok dealing with possible side effects then I highly recommend it because everyone will react differently. I had a period twice within the year that I had it. My best friend had it and she was on her period everyday for 2 years so it just depends on your body. I switched to PARAGARD IUD. Bye bye hormones :-)"
"Caused the wildest mood swings and made my body itch like crazy. I&#039;ve cried 3x times tonight, and once while having dinner with the family.

And this is only day #2 from taking this new BC (originally switched from Microgestin). Never taking again"
"I took one pill at 7 p.m. with food and was awake at midnight with diarrhea and nausea.  I was up constantly for 3 hours.  I&#039;ll be going to the doctor as soon as they open for a different med!"
"Started this medication for bipolar depression. At first it worked wonderfully. I was happier, open and energetic but after 2 months I started to feel more and more anxious. The anxiety took over my life. I was terrified and I became a total basket case.  I stopped taking latuda and I returned to normal. If I hadn&#039;t of stopped when I did the latuda would have ruined my life. I will never touch this drug again."
"I am 20 years old now and have had Paragard in for about 3 months. I can honestly say this was such a good decision! I have never had kids or an abortion, so I am not the usual patient for these. To describe my experience, I researched a lot about this before I went in and thought getting it in was going to hurt LIKE CRAZY. It didn&#039;t. It felt mildly uncomfortable for about 10 seconds then that was it. As for the first few days after, the cramps were bad, I&#039;ll admit that. I have never had period cramps before then so I will admit I was pretty miserable, but it was definitely worth it in the long run! Ever since, I have had little cramping and my periods have been ever so slightly heavier than usual but not that bad! Highly recommend!"
"It works well- it&#039;s brand is different than the generic."
"I have been on Loestrin for about a week. The only side effects I&#039;ve had have been irritability/mood swings and anxiety after taking the pill. I also noticed an increase in sexual desire, but less of an ability to obtain orgasms.  In addition, just mild headaches. However, I&#039;m ECSTATIC that I have not experienced any bloating or weight gain the first few days of taking the pill. When on Yaz and Yasmin I experienced that immediately almost with an addition of 8 lbs weight gain. I&#039;ve been able to actually lose weight in the last week and my desire to exercise still exists. On Yaz/Yasmin I was so relaxed - which was great. However, I felt more lazy and was not as motivated to exercise. So far, I would choose Loestrin over all!"
"I only started this medication 6 hours a go from writing this and my ears are clearing up my neck is less stiff but the bladder is still a bit irritated so might take a bit longer for my bladder irritation.

3 Years a go I started suffering pain, jaw problems, neck, bladder, bowl, throat, tonsils removed, MRI on jaw clicking, I do have H pylori, Dry skin, Depression, anxiety, intestine problems and just all out hell. To find out it is possibly a fungi infection is WOW. WHY DON&#039;T DOCTORS TEST FOR THIS MORE. 

Meds 
Oxycodone
Methadone
Para/Codeine
Valium
Xanax
And the list goes on and overall this has helped me in 6 Hours then what has in 3 years.

Post back in 2 weeks to let you know how it went."
"I have had GERD for many years and have tried everything. Prevacid works the best. I take 30 mgs a day. "
"I&#039;ve been taking it for three months.  I haven&#039;t used a nitro in that time. The chest pain I experienced in breathing cold or humid air, or after climbing, or even after stress has dissipated to an unexpected and happy extent. However, the side effects are bothersome, though not insurmountable.  Dry mouth, almost continuously, which sometimes affects ability to speak clearly. Constipation, overcome by hard bowel movements, use of stool softeners. And just a general feeling of stuffiness, in body, in sinuses, elsewhere.  Hard to say whether I would recommend it. The annoyances at times are major; the feeling of freedom from the chest pain and fear greatly offset the annoyances so far.  Incidentally, I am 77, with only one open artery."
"Post abdominal hysterectomy with anterior and posterior repairs and bladder lift. I was prescribed toradol 10mg scheduled every 6 hours with tylenol 3 every 4-6 as needed.   As long as I don&#039;t go any longer than those minimum times I do okay with about a 4 pain level.  I haven&#039;t been pain free yet but I guess that&#039;s to be expected.....tylenol 3 has worked ok but does start to wear off towards the end of the 4 hours. I must wait....it is a shame though that there is so much abuse of narcotic strength drugs like norco...they are extremely effective for post surgical pain....they are very addictive and Drs don&#039;t even like prescribing them much anymore"
"I have been taking Prozac for 9 months and have constantly had to experience the tiredness it causes and lack of motivation.  I have now supplemented it with 150 mg of Wellbutrin and notice a huge difference.  I am more alert, energetic, can concentrate and want to get out of the house instead of lying around. I can still feel the Serotonin effects of Prozac, so its the best of both worlds."
"I took plan B 40-42 hours after unprotected sex which was also 5 days before my next period was due. Although this is my third time taking plan b (I know, I&#039;m getting BC next week!) I was just as nervous as the first time. I know it can really mess with your period, and I knew I was stress if it caused mine to come late. However I got my period on the exact date it was due. The down side it that I have had HORRIBLE cramps. And a lot of (what I call) clots. 
Before it came I also had really really  bad nausea for two days which is normal for me right before my period. I usually experience breast soreness too but I had none of that this month (not complaining) 
Also the last 2times I took it I was 192. I&#039;m 159 now, it works the same!"
"Today is my one year anniversary of being smoke free - thank you Chantix! I took this for 3 months, and weened myself off of it the same way I began it. I also cut the dosage down to one pill a day at the 6-week mark. I checked in with my doctor after a month about depression (this and and the weening off of the medcine I believe are very important to success). I had some tough days, but really clear thinking and the ability to say no when a craving would come over me. I smoked for 35 years...If I can do it, so can you!"
"Okay, just like most people on here I decided to write a review if this pill worked. My previous period started on December 30, 2016. I had unprotected sex towards the end of my period on January 5th, 2017. The first time, my boyfriend pulled out but the second time, we kept going without a condom and I think there may have been some sperm in me. I freak out and went to Planned Parenthood on January 6th, 2017 to get emergency contraceptive. I got the generic formula called &quot;Econtra EZ&quot; but it worked just as fine! My period came today on January 29th, 2017. I was psyching myself out reading all these reviews but I&#039;ve taken Plan B, Ella, Next Choice and etc... ALWAYS worked! Going to be on birth control pills after period!"
"I wanted to write a review since a lot of the reviews on here specify they took the pill within 24 hours or much less and in my case, I took it about 38 close to 40 hours after having sex where we weren&#039;t sure if the condom broke before he pulled out or not. I knew someone just like me would be looking through and hoping to find a review where someone actually did not take the pill right away, because it is scary to think it might not be as effective. My period came 3 days after taking the pill and I already have an extremely irregular period that was technically late already. I experienced side effects when my period first came that were definitely not fun but would take it any day over an unwanted pregnancy. Just be patient, plan b works!"
"Very effective at relieving symptoms, but my husband and I both are experiencing insomnia and some anxiety with it."
"Lithium works wonders to stabilize my mood. Only negative is some hair loss and acne."
"I have been HIV+ since 1988. Refused treatment till 1996 because I felt fine - but I abstained from penetrative sex. In 1996 I started treatment as my CD4 and Viral Load were bad!!! Fortunately I responded well to all meds over the years. Have been on Atripla for over 7 years now. Works well for me - CD4 always above 800 and VL undetectable. I take it at night because of the dizziness it causes for first few hours. My only problem now is lipodystrophy - excessive fat in abdomen area despite healthy eating and dieting. Struggling to keep weight between 180 - 190. Would love to get down to 170. I exercise daily too! Docs don&#039;t want to change my meds as I am responding well to it. No other side effects for me."
"I only take the lowest dose of this drug though I&#039;m sure it&#039;s time to upgrade to the higher dose. But even with the lower dose I am totally relieved, all the aching head stuff, all the swimming nausea, gone, it&#039;s like total relief! Now this took some time, didn&#039;t work first few times but then when  I put faith in it and finally it did,  boy did it!"
"I have been severely depressed for six years after coming off my medications in May 2006, due to a bad manic episode. I have tried so many medicines, even the ones that worked before. Nothing could get me out of the dark hole I was in. I went to my Doctor and told him I wanted to try ECT therapy because I was suicidal. He set it up, but asked me to try a new medicine (Saphris) in the mean time. I was willing to try anything. He placed me on 5mg at night, and told me it would probably allow me to eliminate the Ambien for sleep problems. Man, did it. My wife noticed a difference in my mood the next day. I have been on it now for two weeks, and cross my fingers I have not felt this good for twelve years."
"I am 18 and have had acne for a couple years, after going to the dermatologist a second time I was prescribed Minocycline. I&#039;ve been taking it for almost two weeks along with a cream. This last week I&#039;ve had severe headaches, abdominal pain, diarrhea, and nausea. After reading other reviews with the same side effects and this prescription leading to long term issues I would not suggest taking this."
"I am not doubting others have he issues, but cipro and levaquin are the only antibiotics I can take (I have severe allergies to others). When I have a sinus infection levaquin is a life saver. I&#039;m so thankful for it. I do get a bit nauseous on it, but it&#039;s strong... I take with food,  and if I get nauseous I eat crackers. It helps when other meds fail me. I just am concerned I will grow an immunity eventually. The drug does make me feel yucky initially , but it&#039;s like it&#039;s &quot;killing&quot; the infection, then I turn around. It is a strong drug, but me, my husband, my parents, friend, sister in law, nice have all taken it at some point and never had any major issues."
"I have been through a very traumatic abusive marriage for 6 years and finally got away from the abuse. I took Zoloft a few years ago during the marriage due to intense panic attacks. But after the divorce I got off of it thinking I didn&#039;t need it anymore. Well a couple months ago I felt my anxiety creeping back and have several panic attacks. I went to my doctor and he stated me on 50mg of Zoloft for the anxiety. I was hoping it would be an immediate relief but then remembered it takes at least two weeks to start making you feel better. Today, it will be 8 days that I have been on it. Take it every night before I go to bed. Doctor prescribed me low dose of Xanax to prevent panic attacks until Zoloft kicks in. day 8, I&#039;m finally feeling better"
"I had  sex with my boyfriend the same day as I ovulated. I knew I was ovulating by the date and by observation. I keep track of my period and ovulation religiously. He did not pull out and went inside of me. I bought the plan b pill about 20 hours after the accident. The only side effect that I experienced was minor cramping 7 days after taking the pill and my breast were a little swollen. I started one day early and experienced little cramping. I was terrified that I was going to have horrible cramps from the reviews that I have read. Not the case for me!!! I definitely recommend plan b if you suspect that you may be pregnant."
"Works great for GAD.  I fought my feelings for years and just toughed it out.  I found myself drinking to ease my symptoms.  The drinking helped turn my brain off for the night, but the feelings just came back the next day.  Finally told my doctor about my symptoms and was prescribed Lexapro.  Within 48 hours the anxiety was dramatically reduced, no excessive sweating, mind racing, etc.  This drug is a god send.  10 mg works best for me, tried 20 but couldn&#039;t feel the difference.  Now just have to deal with the drinking."
"Too soon to tell if it is lowering cholesterol, but did want to mention it is very easy to take, but can cause abdominal bloating. I had such gas pains, didn&#039;t know how to get comfortable. Doctor suggested Miralax which did the trick with the bloating."
"I have been on gabapentin for over 15 years. I love this medication for my fibromyalgia. The only reason I didn&#039;t give it a 10 is because I do have short term memory loss. That is one of the side effects. It also has been wonderful for my restless legs at night."
"Years ago I was on the older formula of Fentanyl and it worked wonders with minimal dosage &amp; breakthrough meds. After the companies reformulated the drug it isn&#039;t nearly as good as it used to be &amp;has many more side effects, brand depending. Mylan works best for me as far as fewer side effects but none work for the 72 hours they are supposed to. Originally, my max dose was 75mcg for 1.5 years prior to surgery. This time I am up to 125mcg w/in the first year + 10/325 Norco 4x daily +muscle relaxers for auto fusion of L3-S1. Pain level on day 1 is @7, day 2 is @4, day 3 is @8. I have to put my new patches on before taking the old off or life is hell. Thanks to drug addicts, illegal activity &amp; government interference Doc can no longer help."
"I&#039;m using it for a five day period for a bacteria infection, twice a day. I think its working. It&#039;s my fourth day and it was the only day I felt slight irritation. I&#039;m not sure if that means it has stopped working or what but I hope that after my last day that I finally get a full ease.

My only side effect is headache and dizziness as well as nausea which isn&#039;t so bad. As for the taste, I don&#039;t keep it on my tongue long enough to get a good taste so I can&#039;t testify for that."
"it&#039;s very a good medication to relief the pain."
"This only works at the onset of an attack. I used it on my third attack, when I felt the tingle in my big toe. I took 2 immediately and 4 more for every hour after. It controlled it over night and am almost pain free the next day. What causes the pain is the crystals; so colchicine is not a pain reliever. What it does is reduce the amount of white blood cells attacking the site thus lowering the swelling and associated pain from it. Used in conjuction with Naproxen I avoided my 3rd attack."
"The taste is bearable but once you get near the end it is borderline gag time. Very reminiscent of nasty children&#039;s cough syrup! The water was easy to drink. I&#039;m experiencing chills but nothing other than having a toilet party. It took 5mins to drink and kicked in after 45mins. Looking forward to the end so I can get some sleep before the morning and round #2. Today is the first summer weather day and I can hear everyone outside having fun and smell all the BBQs going.... so hungry for real food, a beer and going for a 5k run."
"After hysterectomy, the hot flashes and night sweats were awful, and I had no sex drive/sensations at all. The Estratest combination got rid of my hot flashes and night sweats and helped with the lack of sex drive and sensations. Also felt more clear-headed. I took the 0.625/1.25 dosage. I plan to reduce dosage as I can to eventually wean myself from the drugs entirely."
"When I first got on this pill, it was so great because I hardly had any side effects. Then...I started having them. My boobs hurt and I got cramps. I definitely also noticed increased appetite. However, it completely took away my periods which I LOVE! And now I&#039;m in month two and my stomach and boobs only hurt occasionally. I&#039;m hoping it will get even better from here but I really like this pill as a BC."
"When I was initially diagnosed, my Dr. put me on Metformin, which just ripped my stomach to bits.  He prescribed Actos in October, and I had really good luck with it until around Christmastime - I started having HORRIBLE sinus problems and nosebleeds.  We dropped to a 15 mg dose, but still no change with the sinus issues.  I went off it all together and all the symptoms disappeared.  

It was never our long term plan to keep me on Actos because of the cardiac implications, but it did the job we needed it to do; I went from fasting 400-504 BG readings down to fasting readings of 110-115."
"This is my first time using Plan B One-Step. I had unprotected sex on June 2nd with my boyfriend, he pulled out but I didn&#039;t wanna risk getting pregnant because I&#039;m still in high school. Took Plan B One-Step 28 hours later. I had bad stomach pains and nausea, was stressing out because I thought I was pregnant. 3 weeks later, I wake up and I have my period now! This pill really does work! Spending $59 is better than getting pregnant at this time. Don&#039;t worry, your period will come as long as you follow the steps (:"
"43 yr female. 5&#039;5&quot; 238 lbs. Taking Qysmia since Dec 23rd.  Started low dose (free ones).  Down 6 lbs. Have been eating nothing but snack foods. Not really hungry, but my mind keep telling me to snack.  Extremely thirsty.  Soda tastes gross.  Which I expected because I used to take Topamax for migraines a few yrs ago. I drink tons of water. Little emotional.  Extreme tiredness midday-early evening then a burst of awakeness toward late night.  Maybe has something to do with when I take the meds. None of the side effects are too concerning to me.  Can&#039;t wait to actually start eating healthier at home so I can do some serious weight loss.  The con to me is the cost.  "
"Due to variances in generic medications I kept experiencing thyroid fog until my doctor changed me to synthroid. My stats immediately stabilize  and it has worked well. I found I must take it as prescribed and at the same time daily to avoid the fog."
"I&#039;ve had severe migraines since age 35.  20 days out of 30 and many unhelpful trips to ER.  Even Demerol did not stop the migraine. I have been taking  80 mg of Propranolol every day since then, 31 years. The propranolol did very little for my pain.  I researched and now take 400 mg of Coenzyme Q 10 and two 400 mg feverfew per day. Am headache free. I still take the propranolol because I have taken it so long I cannot safely get off it.  Sleeplessness, wild dreams are common, 
IBS D is a problem and the worst part is the sexual side effects.  ED.  I wish I had know about the Co Q 10 and feverfew first."
"Worked better than expected by a long shot."
"Helped for several years but effect stopped recently and I had to switch"
"UPDATE**26 years old was previously on pill switched to this just to try something new. No children. Day 1: 3/23/17... 5 min procedure uncomfortable not excruciating. Really painful cramps once I got home for about 4 hours took aleve to help. Day 2: No cramps light spotting as expected. Days 3-12: Mostly just spotted lightly and had light cramps on and off. 2 of those days I had normal bleeding I needed a tampon. Had several migraines. I get those sometimes  so idk if this had anything to do with that. Day 13-today: No bleeding no cramps no pain during sex. Partner can&#039;t feel the strings. Haven&#039;t had any migraines.  So far so good. Last update will be 6-23-17. That will be my 3 month mark. Don&#039;t let the bad reviews scare you!!"
"I&#039;ve had an extensive history with Pain meds. My whole fam literally has drug prob &amp; is addicted to alcohol. I was sober 11yrs back in 2001. I was 21. Since I married, we had a child &amp; moved cross country. When we moved I found out I had b ca. After being dx at 36, finding out I carry the gene, an 18 hr surgery to save my life, throw a PE 3 wks later my disease took over again.
I was put on Zub over 2 yrs ago. I thought this is a life saver! Now day 15 into detox I have never in my life had w/d this bad! I&#039;m 44, healthy now. I have awful restless leg, flat affect, emotional,
Fever/chills.. all for 11 Days now! I have never in my life been in w/d for this long! You think it&#039;s saving u, your switching an addiction for another one! No lie"
"I am 42 and have suffered with migraines since I was a teenager.  When Imitex came out I thought that was a lifesaver and it was, I used to get a migraine and have to go home and hide under the covers for a day or two but Imitex isn&#039;t a preventive like Topamax.  The only side effects were in the first 2 weeks with subtle numbness and tingles and loss of short term memory.  The longer side effect has been the weight loss but I had been overweight by 20 lbs anyway so this has been a blessing!  I look great and have only had a few minimal headaches since June."
"Chronic finger twitching.  I use this drug for my fibromyalgia that attacks my face.  I cry out in pain when the cycle last anywhere from 2-6 weeks.  Even my hydrocodone doesn&#039;t work on my face.  Gabapentine works great on taking the edge off. The only side effect I don&#039;t like is the chronic finger twitching."
"6 weeks. Taking it for nerve pain in my back as well as depression. I&#039;ve lost 9 lbs, stopped snapping at my kids over every little thing and not had an argument with my husband since the day I began taking the pills. 60mg a day. I fear withdrawal, but only a little. A friend who has been on it for many many years has to pay for hers, and she goes a week or two at a time without due to finances, and she has never had a brain zap or bad withdrawal at all. My Doctor told me about 10% have a rough time. 
All I can say is I believe things might get better for the first time in years, and I am hoping and dreaming and making plans again. Trouble with orgasms. I&#039;ll live with it."
"I took Cymbalta (20mg twice per day) for about a year. The drug worked better than any other AD I tried. Around 10 months ago, I wanted to see if I could come off the drug to see how I would do. I suffered from anxiety and mild depression. Once the drug was weaned out of my system, I haven&#039;t felt quite right. My doctor agreed for me to start taking it again. After three weeks, I have a much better state of mind with decreased anxiety. I really like this medication and have no side effects!"
"I never had problems with this medication.  I don&#039;t take it when I don&#039;t need it."
"Although the levaquin did help my pneumonia symptoms, the side effects were terrible! I discontinued after 6 days, but still have side effects 3 weeks later! Severe foot pain and muscle spasms and unusual bleeding and bruising along with thinning of the skin. I have purple blood spots all over and my skin will tear with the slightest nick. The pain was up one entire leg but started in my foot. My foot hurts 24 hours a day with a burning feeling that does not respond to massage therapy. Pain pills are only minimally effective. I would never take it again. Also causes insomnia."
"I decided to get Mirena after my 5th child was born. Since he was born I have suffered from insomnia, mood swings, weight gain, impossible weight loss, odor &amp; discharge, yeast infections, and zero libido. Overall I just don&#039;t feel like the same person anymore and my husband says I have changed. So I visited my doctor and got extensive blood tests. Everything was normal she said.... Then it dawned on me recently, what is it that changed after my son was born? Oh! Well I had the Mirena put in! I then started to research side effects and read forum posts by other women who have used Mirena, and to my surprise everything I have been suffering could be related to the Mirena! I have had it in for 2 years and now I am getting it out!"
"Works great, but watch for weight gain."
"I wrote back in May and wanted to follow up since it has now been 4 months.  My allergist was a bit disappointed as I still have some eczema -- I am about 70 percent clearer.  I haven&#039;t been using any steroid creams so maybe with those we would see better results. 
I did go through a crazy flaky period on my face/scalp/arms.  I finally used some tar shampoo and tea tree oil to get through that it lasted a good 8 to 10 weeks. 
My skin does feel much softer, my husband has commented several times. 
I think the most noticeable thing for me is the ITCH IS GONE.  That alone is worth the shots to me. I wish I had better luck with clearer skin. We don&#039;t realize how much we scratch ourselves without even thinking, until we stop."
"I got a UTI while I&#039;m holiday in Spain. I was given ciprofloxacin to take for seven days.  It took four days before I experienced any relief. Even at that I still could feel the UTI symptoms. I had a pounding headache for the first 3 days of taking it but I didn&#039;t care if it was going to help me with the pain of my UTI. The medication takes a long time to start working and only for the painkillers the doctor also prescribed I wouldn&#039;t have had any relief. It&#039;s seems very weak. When you have a UTI you need the medicine to start working hard right away because the pain and discomfort is so horrendous!! Sometimes I wonder do doctors really understand the pain, discomfort and stress a UTI or bladder infection can cause."
"I take 300mg in the morning. At night I take trazadone 50mg. Like any drug I had many side effects at first. But this is definitely my favourite. My sex drive has increased significantly. My quality of life has improved in the sense that this medication has helped me to become higher functioning."
"I took Trileptal for nearly six months. The first thing I noticed with it is that I was always &quot;up&quot;. I was really happy and I lost a bit of weight and the psychiatrist upped my dose a bit and then I was really really manic. My mania works to wherer I don&#039;t sleep because I&#039;m constantly planning things down to teeny tiny details, and writing. It was fun for a little bit. It felt great. But then I was hit with the overwhelming sense that I wasn&#039;t actually happy, the drug was forcing me to be like that. Also, the lack of sleep caught up with me and I started hallucinating. I told my psychiatrist, who prescribed me sedatives. It became a cycle of wake up with this one, and use this one to fall asleep. Overall I liked it, but then I got pregnant."
"I love Celexa and am grateful that it works for me. After my 1st panic attack in May 07, my doctor put me on zoloft. At first I liked it because it really helped with the anxiety immediately. I then noticed it made me feel like a zombie, the lows weren&#039;t as low, but there were not any highs anymore either. I had a few bouts of &quot;rage&quot; as well. After getting pretty depressed this winter 07-08, I went back to the doctor and it was actually the nurse practitioner who changed my medicines to Celexa. I was on 20 mg for 2 weeks and then she increased it to 40 mg. I have been on the 40 mg of Celexa now for 2 months and have never felt better. I am calm and happy but still feel like my funny self."
"I have been on the Depo shot for almost a year. No period, very few side effects. EXCEPT... I&#039;ve gained almost 40 pounds... The weight gain has stopped at that but it&#039;s very disconcerting. "
"I started on Ritalin for ADHD but I switched to Adderall, because the Ritalin made me extremely irritable. Adderall 20 mg allows me to concentrate, tune out distractions, and manage time efficiently. Negative side effects: suppressed appetite (positive for me!), SOMETIMES slightly irritable mood towards the end of the day, sleeplessness if I take it less than 12 hours before bedtime."
"I have no depression only anxiety disorder and panic attacks. On Lexapro 10 mg for almost two weeks. Anxiety definitely has decreased already. I actually think I was in a better mood off the Lexapro, because I didn&#039;t suffer from depression in the first place. It has a desensitizing effect in the sense that I know there are things still present that would normally make me go into a panic or severely anxious, however, I almost don&#039;t care. I know it&#039;s there, but emotionally I am not affected. I have had side effects such as sweaty palms and feet, jitters, spacey at times, hard to get out what I want to say when it pertains to something that may be a stressor. Horrible yawning, fatigue and sleepiness. A slight bit of dry mouth and trouble focusing."
"My 7 year old son started Vyvanse about 3 weeks ago.  The first day he took a 30 mg dose which made him like a zombie all day and absolutely manic all night.  He literally stayed up all night and ran up and down the hall and talked incessantly.

At the end of my rope at 7 am I paged his doctor.  We lowered the dose to 15 mg.

He seemed initially to do better on the 15mg and was doing well in school.  He became more aggressive and started having OCD behaviors of constantly washing his hands (I counted 30 times in an hour) and crying and staying up all night.  Last night he stayed up until 4:30 am and I was at my wits end.

So today his doctor is switching him to another medication but we may try it in a combination."
"I had Liletta inserted on September 2016, I was on the first day of my period, as it was recommended by my gyn, the procedure lasted about 5 min really quick&mdash;although I had been a week before for a check up&mdash; it was super painful with nothing to compared it to, I have never been pregnant. I took ibuprofen since I had terrible cramps, discomfort and pain for two days. After that my period continue as usual although I had following spotting for two weeks. The next periods where shorter but I did experienced more cramping and spotting every now and then. I use an app called &quot;clue&quot; to help me track all the different things I have been experiencing. I have not put on any weight, but for the past two months I have had two periods per month."
"TN came back big time after five years. Doc prescribed 600 three times a day. Still intense zaps.  I tried 600 every 4 hours.  It stopped most of the zaps but made me very sick, so went to 600 every six hours.  Not as sick but tics sparkle and zaps continued.  No lightning bolts this episode, 12 on a scale of 10, 
Thank God and trileptal.  I would be dead without it.  Was at Mayo  and have appointment with neuro surgeon again.  TN has subsided some and have reduced my dose, trileptal works, but sometimes I can not handle the dose needed.  May have balloon compression but it scares me.  My TN is MS related.  Started trileptal 15 plus years ago but not during remissions."
"I got the Implanon in early January 2012 and I haven&#039;t had a period at all since. I&#039;ve noticed changes in my mood like, hypersensitivity, mild depression, and mood swings. Another important thing I&#039;ve noticed is my hair gets very oily very fast after a shower. Within 3 hours after I have fixed my hair all nice, it become very oily and I find that to be a big issue for me (I cannot stand oily hair). The plus side to it, it made my skin so beautiful, I didn&#039;t have acne for the first 5 months, but I&#039;m starting to see acne starting to pop up more often and weight gain. "
"My ASD  son was put on Tenex in kindergarten for aggression/rages. It lessened the behavior problems, but came at a big price. Gained 12 lbs within the first month, terrible tummy aches for a couple hours after every dose, night terrors most nights, lost all desire for any kind of physically active play. But kept him on it for 1 1/2 years because I had found nothing else that helped the violent behaviors. After 1 1/2 years the Tenex stopped working, even at a higher dose.  Slowly weaned him off of it 2 months ago. Ever since he he has been out of control, bouncing off the walls non-stop. I&#039;m sorry I ever left him on it in the first place. His psychiatrist confessed this happens to many of his patients who have taken it for a long time."
"I was prescribed Tramadol because I couldn&#039;t tolerate other pain meds with codeine or Tylenol.
Tramadol is great until you run out.

I have taken this drug for approximately 7 years now.
I wish I&#039;d never started it.
It&#039;s just been a roller coaster for me it helps me feel better, but does zero for the pain &amp; then you build a tolerance up &amp; it just gets worse from there.

I&#039;ve had withdrawals from this a few times. I&#039;ve never had such horrible withdrawals as with this med, sneezing, coughing, hot, cold, chills, sweats, restless, depressed &amp; irritable to name a few with lethargy.

I am due for a refill tomorrow I&#039;m not picking it up. It&#039;s really hard right now, but going through this agony isn&#039;t an option again."
"Having my colonoscopy  tomorrow. Took this at 6pm tonight for my first prep. It tastes like a saltier  alka seltzer really. I myself can&#039;t stand the taste of it bit I downed it. I am having a harder time drinking the 32 oz water. It may take  longer then the hr time limit but so be it. My next one is at 2am. I have no idea if I will be able to handle it without puking.  The gurgle in my stomach sound like part a movie stomach  gurgles. Lol HAIL TO THE THRONE! Oy!"
"Although my labwork returned an ever-increasing positive note for the duration of the treatment, 3 months after treatment indicated I am one of the 4%.

Statistics be damned!"
"Nothing else works. I only use it on the really bad, hormonal-induced headaches. Normally, my proactive regimen of meditation, acupuncture, exercise, hydration &amp; supplements works. Acetominophen or ibuprofen along with stretching, ice and heat usually work once I get a migraine. But for the biggies, it&#039;s Fioricet."
"I have had all three shots. I found out that my knee hurts worse than it did before getting the shots."
"I have been taking 2- 10mg IR tablets each day for about a month. I have noticed a significant difference at how well I perform at school since I&#039;ve been on adderall. I have many honors and AP classes, which  always have a big work load. Each day I had to struggle with my ADD and having to look over the material numerous times. I am now able to focus and have confidence in my classes. Usually I am the last person taking a test and now I am one of the first people done because I am finally able to focus. 
Negatives- as adderall wears off I feel anti-social, weak, agitated, and slightly depressed
the positives definitely out weigh the negatives 
ADD is hard to deal with and finally being able to focus means so much to me"
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor for about two years.  Previously, I was taking Lexapro and went off it for a short period of time.  I returned to my doctor and he prescribed Effexor, 75 mg/day.  I experienced improvement with my anxiety, depression and panic attacks.  Like everyone else, I feel it (dizzy, hungover like symptoms) when I miss a daily dose.  I experience constipation and don&#039;t sleep as deep or through the night like I used to.  These side effects are on the list for this medicine - so, no surprises here.  I give this a rating of 9 because it is very helpful to relieve the symptoms of my depression, anxiety and panic attacks.  And, it helps to control my moods so I can better manage my emotions."
"Helps control my blood pressure with no noticeable side effects at the 240mg/day dosage."
"I started taking Tri-Sprintec 7 months ago. I mainly wanted it to treat acne but also as birth control. I had moderate acne and it actually took a while for the pill to finally help my skin. I had to be patient with it because it took about 4-5 months for my skin to clear up with occasional pimples around my period. The pill did thankfully increase my breasts size after a couple weeks to a month of taking it, and I felt like my appetite has increased but I&#039;ve only gained around 7 pounds since I started and I&#039;ve always been at 100 pounds. This pill has been great to me and I haven&#039;t had any problems with it so far (that I know of)."
"This is the only medication I&#039;d use or recommend for treatment of Tinea cruris (jock itch).  I&#039;ve tried many different medications, and no other works nearly as well.
The main benefit is once-a-day application, and a one-week treatment time.

I&#039;ve used Lamisil AT in cream, gel, and spray form.  I highly recommend the latter.  The problem with the gel and cream is that it&#039;s difficult to ensure adequate coverage without going through the product very quickly.  You will end up buying at least a second tube before the treatment has concluded.

The Lamisil AT spray goes MUCH farther.  Just put on a pair of vinyl gloves to help spread it around after spraying.  One spray bottle should be all you need.  Don&#039;t just spray; spray and spread."
"After 18 years of chronic cluster migraines, lasting 2-5 days each and occurring  2-3 times a month, I think that I have used every medication possible for prevention with no luck. Then every possible nasal spray, injection, and medication to end the migraine, they got better, but never went away and when I did not have a migraine I still had a headache. I had 3-4 days a month when I felt no pain in my head. I have just had my 4th Botox treatment, so at the 1 year mark, my migraines are mostly gone, maybe 1 during the 3 months and only lasting 2 days max. I have some soreness in my neck for a day or 2 after my Botox, but this cannot even compare to my chronic cluster migraines. I did not ever think that anything would give me this kind of relief."
"First, it&#039;s not a shot!  Second, side effects are easily controlled  (eat something with some fat content, take allergy med and baby aspirin before taking Tecfidera).  If side effect occurs (flushing) it goes away quickly  (15 mins or less).  I was on Rebif before, and changed to Tecfidera about a year ago.  Have seen no lesion activity in last few years (MRIs)."
"Over 18 months, I had been taking non-extended release Ambien, starting out with five milligrams but quickly being switched up to ten.  Eventually, as stress and other factors were preying more heavily on my tired brain, the ten began not to work, so I was nibbling away at up to half of another 10 milligram tablet after not falling asleep, or not staying asleep.  Needless to say, that was not a good idea.  Finally, last week, I saw my doctor about it, and now I&#039;m on Ambien CR and I&#039;m managing to fall asleep and stay asleep--and knocking on wood."
"Tried Vesicare with Flomax for about 6 weeks. I saw a little improvement but not enough. Switched to Detrol LA and improved a great deal."
"I have been taking Relpax for 8 years now. Thank God I have great insurance because it is expensive. I only have to pay 20.00 out of pocket. Great, great medicine."
"I have been taking this for a year. I switched from another birth control pill, which I was on for 10 years. Since the switch my period has been non-existent. I have always been regular, but not with this pill. At first I was very nervous each month, even taking pregnancy tests. Other than the irregularity this pill has very little side effects. It has helped with mood swings I was having on my old pill. I have not gained weight, and my skin seems clearer. I saw my gyno today, and she said the Lo Loestrin Fe has the smallest amount of estrogen, so it makes the uterus so thin, it just doesn&#039;t bleed. She says it is perfectly healthy and normal, So I am ok with that. I just know the week I go on vacation, I will get a period!"
"My doc switched me to this due to some issues with morphine sulphate ER 15mg three times a day.  He put me on the Hysingla ER at 20mg once a day with the oxy 15mg x2 for breakthru pain.  Been on it for two days and am in constant pain at a 6/7 level.  With the other med I was 4/5 on bad days. So disappointed not too mention the cost is more than double for me.  Don&#039;t know if the dose is just two low considering how long I&#039;ve been on pain meds  Guess I could ask him to up it to 40mg and see if that works.  20mg isn&#039;t hacking it at all.  So tired of the government sticking its nose into my health."
"Took my first dose 2 hours ago. I smelled it and thought to myself &quot;this won&#039;t be too bad.. It smells like cough syrup!&quot; Well, two sips in I was gagging like no other. It took about a half hour to choke it down. Instantly, cramps and the worst nausea I&#039;ve ever experienced. Slowly a headache added to my problems and I&#039;ve been miserable since. First movement just happened and yeah, faucet-butt that won&#039;t shut off! It definitely works. But I&#039;m scared that I won&#039;t be able to get my second dose down."
"Before I begin, I would just like to put my body type out there; I&#039;m tiny (5&#039;4, weighing at 95lb). What had happened was it was day 15 of my 35 day cycle, and the condom totally just exploded into bits without either of us knowing, so my partner finished inside of me. Plan B was taken within 2 hours after the incident. The only side effect that I got was fatigue on the same day so I just slept it off. Exactly 5 days later, I started spotting which lasted for 4 days. At this point I was just trying to convince myself that it was because of the pill and not implantation bleeding. I would feel a little stab of pain in the general area down there every now and then, but it was nothing major. Around day 26, I&#039;ve noticed that my cervical mucus has finally started changing, so I used it as a sign telling me to calm down, and that my system was finally up and running again. Finally on day 46 (after 4 pregnancy tests for reassurance) Mother Nature had finally graced me with my monthly.  

So ladies, just a word of advice, pay attention to your cervical mucus. For me, it let me know that the pill wore off and I started ovulating again. It won&#039;t be the same for everyone, but it is definitely something to look into. If you must, wait at least 2-3 weeks after the incident to test.
Best of luck~"
"I love this medication.  It helped me fight my pneumonia.  As well, it has helped me with tonsil/throat infections.  It is my medication of choice.  My kids take it as well when the doctor feels it is appropriate to the situation.  No side effects in our family."
"I was super terrified to try yasmin, but I wanted to try it for my hormonal acne. Yasmin has really helped (so far), my face has been gradually clearing up during the past 3 weeks and my painful cysts are flattening. My skin is whiter too - less red and blotchy. So happy about that!  I lost about 5 kilos in 3 days. I wore one pair of pants one day that were tight and had to change them at the end of the day because my thighs and stomach had so noticeably shrunk. It was like I took some kind of shrinking potion! I kept my chest though :)   I love yasmin so far. I have more energy, less hair fall, better skin, no emotional flairs, and it&#039;s helped with the insomnia that I got after my friend died. I sleep like a baby now. I was slightly nauseous for the first 2 days."
"I recently switched from Suboxone to Subutex, and I could not have been more grateful for my doctor allowing the change.  I never felt &quot;good&quot; on Suboxone, I always had a headache, I was always sick to my stomach, and I felt I couldn&#039;t do anything until I took my dose.  Now, with Subutex, I actually feel GOOD.  I have energy, I have a desire to go out and live again, rather than just exist from dose to dose of that awful citrus taste.  I also see myself not needing as large of an amount in order to keep me feeling alright.  I am so thankful for Subutex. "
"I have been on Paxil CR for a little over a month. I have previously taken Zoloft, Lexapro, and Prozac and none of them worked as well as this drug. I was constantly agitated on the Lexapro and Prozac and they didn&#039;t seem to help with the depression. Zoloft just made me feel weird. Each drug is different for each person but this one works the best for me so far. I feel calm and happy during the day. The only problem with it for me, and it is a big one, is that I can&#039;t sleep! I will spend hours in bed with my eyes open, tired, but unable to actually fall asleep. I then have a hard time waking up but once I do then I am awake and not groggy. I am going to talk to my Doctor about it and hopefully he will have a solution."
"Having my colonoscopy  tomorrow. Took this at 6pm tonight for my first prep. It tastes like a saltier  alka seltzer really. I myself can&#039;t stand the taste of it bit I downed it. I am having a harder time drinking the 32 oz water. It may take  longer then the hr time limit but so be it. My next one is at 2am. I have no idea if I will be able to handle it without puking.  The gurgle in my stomach sound like part a movie stomach  gurgles. Lol HAIL TO THE THRONE! Oy!"
"This pill has done absolute wonders for me in regards to my acne. It has completely cleared up what was extremely severe acne. I was on medication for four years before taking this and nothing had worked. However, I have developed some emotional mood swings."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 5 years. It has been ok. Except I got pregnant while taking it as prescribed. Didn&#039;t miss a day. Didn&#039;t take it late-or did I? If I did it was within a 15 minute window-it always is. Same time every day. I had a miscarriage but my obgyn says it had nothing to do with the pill...I have horrible mood swings too. My husband can predict my start date based on how insanely moody, aggressive and angry I am. It is always 5 days before I start that I am most insane. Always! The mood swings are so bad I&#039;m considering getting off the pill altogether. Everyone&#039;s different. That&#039;s my experience."
"In my never ending quest for migraine prevention, my doctor decided to try doxepin to try to take out the migraines, the anxiety, and the insomnia all at once, figuring it &quot;couldn&#039;t hurt.&quot; Well. It hurt. No effect on migraines, sleep, or anxiety. None at all. It did, though, drop my blood pressure so low I couldn&#039;t walk for long, needed to lean on walls to stay upright, couldn&#039;t carry a cohesive conversation because I was too foggy to remember what I&#039;d already said - in short, it did no good and left me unable to function at work, safely drive, make it up the steps to my bedroom, etc. Pulse also became erratic. And? I was only on half the child&#039;s starting dose. It was bad enough that I stopped it and then told the doctor."
"Before I was prescribed Aczone, I looked on this site for reviews. I&#039;ve been on it for about 9 weeks now and, while I&#039;ve never written a review of a drug, this one warrants it. 
In my early 20&#039;s, I started breaking out worse than I ever did as a teenager. I tried OTC everything, which did nothing, and even shelled out for Proactiv which only seemed to inflame it. When finally I went to the derm she told me that adult onset acne is common and that Aczone+antibiotic would kick it. The antibiotic (minocycline) was awful and after vomiting for 2 days I went off it. Aczone on its own, however, has been a true lifesaver. My painful, deep, cystic acne is gone. Only rare whiteheads now. Truly life changing. I wish I could post before/after pix."
"So far this is my choice of seizure medicines (complex partial and absence).  Dilantin makes me sleepy, Tegretol and Topamax both gave me migraines.  No seizures AND no headaches, yay!  Zonegran does leave me a bit fatigued, and seems to lessen the appetite (but that&#039;s not really a bad thing)."
"I take 90mg of Cymbalta with Provigil and Seroquel - really helped me out of depression, and I am glad I take it. I have not felt depressed like I did.  "
"I loved the ease of not having to take a pill but had to take it out not even 24 hours later. I experienced extreme crying spells, sudden onset of an extremely depressed feeling, and extremely tired."
"Me and my boyfriend had sex with a condom, but I got paranoid the condom broke because I didn&#039;t get a good look at it afterwards and took next choice two days later (the day I was supposed to get my period according to my app, but I knew I wasn&#039;t getting it that day, hence the paranoia). Had sore boobs throughout the week after, but I normally have sore boobs before my period so I don&#039;t think this was fully due to the pill. 5 days later I now have my period! Looking back I didn&#039;t need the pill probably but it helped me feel better."
"I had it since March 2009. I was breastfeeding and it was great. Until I stopped breastfeeding in June 2010. Since then I have been on my period. Super bad bleeding with the worse cramps ever or spotting still with cramps. NO SEX drive at all. I&#039;m mad all the time at someone for doing anything. Always feeling sad. Feeling that I&#039;m sick all the time and my tummy hurts. I&#039;m always sleepy. I HAD great skin, now not so much. I&#039;m getting it out as soon as possible. No more for me. "
"After two knee scopes, a cortisone injection had a Synvisc-one injection last week.  I was told it could be a month before any relief.  Knee hurts so bad at night I cannot sleep.  So far my knee problems..ie...pain, knee collapse and swelling is worse than ever.  Hope it starts working soon."
"Lately this medicine has given me stomach pains which are very uncomfortable and I&#039;ve also had the feeling like I need to use the bathroom"
"I have an unexplained food allergy that causes my esophagus (only esophagus) to close up completely with food in it.  Cannot swallow saliva, as it builds up and makes me gag and choke as it goes down my windpipe when it builds up high enough.  I was instructed to take 9mg (3, 3mg capsules)  by removing the pellets from the capsules and eating them without water so they touch my esophagus directly.  No side effects that I notice and it makes me able to eat. A God send - a must have for me.  "
"I started on Qsymia 6 months ago, and I have had plenty of side effects.  I started with tingling in my fingers and toes, even my lips occasionally.  I get terrible cotton mouth, brain fog, mild headaches, extreme fatigue and have a hard time concentrating.  I even run the gamut of emotions at time from irritation to outright hostility, but it usually passes quickly and I have learned to control it.  Having said that, I started out at 216 pounds, I am now at 175 and most of the side effects have began to subside.  I can live with the cotton mouth by increasing my water intake and have found a work around for all the other inconveniences I experienced in the beginning, but if you stick with it, you&#039;ll find that it is worth it. 40 lbs to go!"
"I took accutane for 5 months. My acne cleared but I still have discoloration. The side effects were horrible. The back pain for the first two months was almost unbearable. The mood swings, headaches, and dry skin were terrible too.  It was effective, but I never want to have to go through that for 5 months again."
"I have been on this medication since January 1st and have lost 26 pounds in addition to working out 3-4 times a week for a hour I love this medication takes away appetite. The only side effects are dry mouth and constipation and my doctor has me taking miralax for that"
"I heard about this  cyproheptadine 4mg pill in 2003, but no doctor would prescribed for me until now, I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and weighing 113 on and off. So I asked a new doctor for it and yes he prescribed it. I started 2/11/2016 at 113 now it 2/16/2016 weighing 120 I&#039;m so happy. I was sleepy at first but it gets better over a week so not bad now. I love this pill!"
"I was on this medicine for two weeks,  i felt fine even a little happier,  but for 3 days straight I went into a major depression, I have stopped taking it."
"I&#039;m on my second pack of this pill and its been not so good for me I&#039;ve been constantly getting yeast infections."
"I suffered from severe migraines for years and all the side effects that go with them. Nothing so much even eased the symptoms off even a little. Then in 2000 my doctor prescribed Maxalt. I placed the dissolving tablet under my tongue and in less than 15 minutes my symptoms started fading, in less than 30 minutes they were gone completely! Truly a miracle drug that I could not live without. If you haven&#039;t tried it, it&#039;s time to talk to your doctor."
"I just started Lyrica four days ago 50 mg twice a day. The first time I took it it helped me within an hour. I have suffered on and off for years and a few months ago I was bed/couch ridden and found it impossible to even leave my house. My family has told me I am a completely different person since starting it. I feel alive again. I also used to take Xanax for years for social and general anxiety and I have found that it is helping with that also. Only side effect was feeling high the first two doses but now I just feel like a normal person, which is what I have always wished for. I hope it continues to work and gets better as I up my dose. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who suffers from fibromyalgia. Good luck to all."
"Love it."
"I took Wellbutrin for about 8 years, it was wonderful, kept me motivated, optimistic, helped me lose a bunch of weight but I think it caused my tinnitus so I&#039;m switching to Prozac."
"The stuff is the best thing out there. I have had botox treatments in the past and they only lasted up to 3 months. I bought Drysol and it tingled and itched that evening but after the first use I could already tell the difference. On day 2, I shaved that morning and put it on in the evening, I will never do that again (they tell you not to do it but I thought since I shaved that morning it wouldn&#039;t be that bad). It burnt all night and the next day but already on day 2 - NO more sweating. I didn&#039;t put it on, on day 3 afraid of the burning because of the shaving and I still didn&#039;t sweat."
"I&#039;ve been on many pills and have bad experience with all of them. Mood swings, depression, exhaustion, loss of sex drive, breakouts, etc. etc.
Lutera seems like one of the best-of-the-worst I guess...  it made my boobs plumper which rocks, but I&#039;ve lost my sex drive pretty much entirely so what is the point of that?!?
I&#039;m taking it to control Ovarian Cysts and Endometriosis but I&#039;m going to stop, maybe try another, cause I find that I get mad or resentful at my boyfriend when there&#039;s nothing out of the ordinary going on, and I don&#039;t really care if I see my friends or not... stuff I used to feel passionate about is like...  whatever.  I miss me.  At least Lutera didn&#039;t make me feel like offing myself like Ortho did, but it&#039;s still not great."
"Bif&#039;s comments are true. This medicine will drop your sugar levels quickly, but it works too well. Thirty minutes after taking 2mg, I can feel my sugar levels getting low. I don&#039;t have the shakes (meaning my sugar levels are in the low 60&#039;s), but I probably would in a matter of minutes. After eating breakfast, I must eat again about 2 hours later or I&#039;ll get the shakes. I must be conscious of my sugar levels for the first 4 hours after taking a dose. Overall, my fasting sugar level has dropped from 140 to 110, simply by taking 2mg each morning. However, I find I am gaining weight and overeating too."
"I went on the medicine at age 65 due to extreme dryness and constant yeast infections. The fantastic side effect is now I fall to sleep within one hour of going to bed. For six years, ever since menopause, I have had trouble falling asleep (averaging only 4 hrs of rest). The only change in my life was the Premarin pill.  It helped the dryness and now I can function with 8 hours of sleep!"
"Have been on Copaxone for almost 10 years, not one problem with the medication. Copaxone has improved my day to day life."
"Just got my skyla inserted about 5 hours ago. Insertation was P A I N F U L L. Well at least for me. Inserting of the skyla was the worst cramp I have ever experienced and I have PCOS. Couple of hours later, still cramping but light bleeding. Not much to say for right now, but will update couple months from now!"
"I took Pentasa for ulcerative colitis after Asacol started failing.  Asacol had worked for me for seven years, but when P&amp;G started having manufacturers making it in Europe, it no longer worked.  The Pentasa worked for my ulcerative colitis at 3 grams per day dosage.  The side effects are much worse for Pentasa.  I experienced nausea, mild headaches and severe hair loss.  "
"I had excellent results with Chantix - I had vivid dreams but only for a few days and they were actually fun, not disturbing! I only needed to take it for six weeks and almost one year later I am still a non smoker and have no desire to smoke!  It works - try it!  Worth the money!"
"Started on Cipralex (escitalopram) in January. Starting off, had a few side effects of nervousness, sweating at night and my vision was somewhat fuzzy sometimes, but all subsided within 1 week or 2. For the most part, my anxiety/depression decreased but it made me super tired, all i wanted to do was sleep. I would get 6-8hrs of sleep a night, but still feel exhausted waking up in the morning and tired throughout the day. This continued for about 2 months so my doc recommended I switch to Pristiq. I had 0 side effects switching and I found I had much more energy. I still slept great at night, and not as drowsy throughout the days."
"I&#039;ve been on the generic version of Yaz for 7 days now. I have been nauseated for 7 days and have resulted to taking Zofran (ondanestron) 4 times so that I could eat food. Previously I was on a non-hormonal IUD (Paraguard) but had to have surgery to remove it after it was expelled from my uterus and punctured and embedded in the uterus wall. I&#039;m hopeful that the nausea will go away soon because it&#039;s impacted my daily activities."
"I was a 1/2 pack to a pack a day smoker for the past 33 years and thought I would never be able to quit smoking.  I have been on Chantix now for three weeks and stopped smoking one week ago today.  I have been simply amazed at how easy it has been.  I tried cold turkey, the patches, the gum etc. and failed each time I tried to quit using those methods. I smoked for a few days when I started taking the medication but slowed dramatically even after the first day.  I picked a &#039;quit&#039; date that was 2 weeks out from the start of taking the meds and quit one week before that.  I have had absolutely NO withdrawal or bad side effects.  It&#039;s almost like you forget to smoke.  I am finally free from being a slave to smoking and happy to be so!"
"I have been on Brintellix for 8 months. It has been life changing for me. I feel it literally saved my life. I have been on more medicines than I can count over the past 15 yrs. I did have nausea pretty bad for the first couple weeks on Brintellix but taking the medicine at night with crackers and Sprite it was much better after about 2 weeks. Now here is the hopeless part... I have to go off the medicine due to severe side effects that I do not see others reporting. About 6 months into taking Brintellix (4 months on 10 mg and 5 months on 20 mg)I got severely sick with unexplainable internal bleeding and severe gastro problems.Thousands of dollars on medical testing and nothing found.2 days off better but mental disaster.terrible withdrawal"
"I started on 10mg and I&#039;ve been on it for one week now. It makes me feel a little slow so I cut it in half and take one half in morning and the other half at lunch. I&#039;m going to keep this routine up for a little while and see how it works. So far I like Viibryd because it doesn&#039;t make me feel lethargic like Lexapro."
"Less than 2 days ago I noticed a large herpes bump on my upper lip and immedietly my heart sank. I grabbed the Abreva I had and applied it right away but I figured it was to late. My first time trying it and in less than 48 hours of application the &quot;bump&quot; shrunk down and has practically dissapeared. No outbreak, no redness or scabbing stage. It&#039;s like I completly skipped the entire outbreak!:) Im gonna start hordeing Abreva. 5 star experience!"
"My wife was always getting abnormal, heavy periods with pain, went to many doctors everyone had their own views, been through many types of ultrasounds, physical exams, blood tests, but no use and no one was able to diagnose problem until she was prescribed to take birth control pill &#039;Alesse&#039;. Had few problems with the side effects in the beginning and after the first cycle, but its getting a lot better now except for little mode swings. She is not bleeding anymore and all those unknown cramps and whatnot are gone. I guess every contraceptive pill is not for everyone, if one does not suit you then try some other type. These reviews helps a lot, please keep sharing. "
"This medicine didn&#039;t help me at all. As a matter of fact it made my neck muscles seize up."
"I have been using xulane for about 2 to 3 months maybe longer I have not gotten pregnant though my boyfriend is fixed next went back into get checked so there is a slim chance. I used the nuva ring before I liked it to a point uncomfortable to me and my boyfriend so I switched to the patch at first it was fine then after a month or less of using it I noticed intense mood swings like bi polar mood swings wanting go off on people for stupid little things being straight up mean to my man and not caring then feel terrible after. I have no energy at all always tired I hate myself like this it&#039;s not me I&#039;m going to stop this birth control I hate these bad mood swings"
"I have had my Implanon for almost 3 years and when it runs out I am getting another one. I have no periods, no weight gain, and no moodiness. I love this birth control."
"I have had no side effects. Helps with cramps that were extremely painful- passing out painful before taking it, to barely noticeable on this pill. I recommend it to friends."
"Started it 12 hours into flu symptoms.  Even 4 Advil would not stop the pain and fever.  Flu test was negative but there are many false negatives during flu season so they prescribed it anyway. 

I started to feel better by the next morning the horrible aches and pains &amp; fever were gone.  I forgot to take the 8pm dose before I went to bed and I woke up with the same horrible aches and fever at 4AM.  Big mistake.  So I took it at 4AM and the aches are gone now at 9AM and fever is down.  

No nausea, no dizziness, nothing.  FYI if you read the studies, nausea occurs in 1-2% of people.  It occurs in 17% of the study participants receiving placebo, so just ignore the reviews of nausea"
"This will only be my second month taking this pill, so I know my body may need more time to adjust, but I just wanted to share my initial reviews.  Positives: It has really cleared up my skin, and my period has been lighter. Negatives: my mood swings are extreme, I have gained weight, I get nauseous and have slight headaches, and my breasts are sore and seem to be bigger. (I was already a big cup size so wasn&#039;t looking to have more added on) all in all though, I am going to give it another 2 months to see if things start to change."
"Fiddled around on 25th april but was still concerned about pregnancy through pre-ejaculatory fluid although the bleeding through period just finished that day. Had morning after pill on the 27th april and had period-like bleeding, again, from 3rd to 6th May. Expected date was 3rd June but was late. REALLY REALLY Late. Had pregnancy test on 16th June and 24th June but both were negative. Period finally came on 6th of July. Yea, that&#039;s right, 9 WEEKS LATE but it still came, Hurray! It was the most gut wrenching period of my life. I promised myself that ill come here and write my experience as reading all these posts during the past month really helped a lot."
"took this an hour after he came inside of me... went to CVS and the pharmacist told me they were the same. They are not the same. Now 3-4 weeks pregnant &gt;:-("
"Lamictal is very helpful in controlling my mood swings.  What I like is that you can start on a low dose and work your way up until you find the dose that works for you."
"Best sleep medicine."
"I&#039;m 51. My Testosterone level had dropped to about 150. I hadn&#039;t been to a doc in a few years and have been gaining weight and feeling more fatigued and less motivated.  Doc offered Testim and others but said Testim seemed to absorb better than others. He mentioned the possible smell and stickiness, but I gave it a try. Today was my fourth day and it really seems to already be helping with fatigue and overall motivation. I&#039;m going over to the gym and work out this morning and I&#039;m going to get the house cleaned up too. Perhaps just psychological this early. Regardless, I feel MUCH better already. I really don&#039;t see the smell or sticky issues, seems about like hand sanitizer. Rub it in a minute or so, no smell or stickiness. Happy!"
"I spiraled out of control on pain pills about six years ago and it will be two years on this medication July 24/2010. It is taking me a little longer to wean off because I did have a relapse due to financial problems. This medicine is the best thing that can be out there for addicts. I hid it from my husband, mother, everyone that came around me. They had a slight idea that something was wrong, but since I was so mean and hateful they were all afraid to say anything to me about it in fear of what I would do. The first week of being on the medicine, my husband said that he could see a complete reversal of me and my personality. He says that he finally got his baby back."
"It&#039;s expensive but works. To bad my insurance won&#039;t cover it."
"Hiprex is amazing! I suffered for years with chronic UTI&#039;s and was constantly on antibiotics which made me feel even worse. I tried everything from ural sachets to cranberry tablets and nothing helped until I tried hiprex. As long as you take the recommended 2 tablets each day (one in morning, one at night) it works! The only downside is the taste of the tablets but I found taking it with some food helps mask the taste."
"I was diagnosed with CLL in 2009.  My WBC (White Blood Cell Count) when diagnosed was 11k.  By 2013 my WBC was 50k.  In 2015 my rate of increase jumped and a CAT scan confirmed that deeper lymph nodes had grown 50% in size so my oncologist wanted to start chemo right away.  I had no other symptoms associated with the CLL other than increasing WBC.

In October, I started treatment with a &quot;cocktail&quot; of Rituximab and Bendamustine.  My WBC at the start of treatment was 120k.   At the end of the first month (prior to my second chemo session) my blood tests came back with totally normal numbers!  My WBC was 7k! It was as if I did not have CLL.  My blood was clean!  Few side effects (constipation/heart-burn) &amp; about a 20% reduction in energy."
"I have had depression my entire life. I thought it was normal. I tried everything to feel better: meditation, endless job changes. Everything failed. Then my doctor got me onto Lexapro. I am on 40mg per day. At 38 my life finally began. It hit a re-set in my identity. Same memories with a new personality. This product (for me at least), is an absolute God-send. I am at last able to be happy."
"I have had my Mirena in for a little over a year. I love having the Mirena in because I&#039;m all about convenience. I don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill, or getting a shot. I LOVE not having a period. I had a not so pleasant experience with the insertion of it. But that doesn&#039;t happen often to people. I am on the fence about taking it out. I have gained 21lbs in a year. My acne is bad. I am tired often. Everyone&#039;s body is different. I know friends who have not had these problems. I like the Mirena it just isn&#039;t a good fit for me."
"My daughter is 8 years old and have been taking medicines since she was almost 4. She has been on a lot of different medicines. I am just wondering if her sudden outburst of happy, sad violent behavior is due to the doctors increasing her Vyvanse from 20mg to start with 1 year ago to 70mg which is what she is taking today."
"I have tried alot of birth control already and I am only eighteen. I have been hospitized for extreme ovarian cysts. I first tried Ortho Cept and from missing one pill I bleed for two months straight. After that they put me on a low dose 3 month pack that gave me horrible break outs and break through bleeding. After those pills I tried evro patch and I was rushed to the hospital for extreme bleeding and my arm became paralyzed for a day. After this I was put onto Seasonale and it took two packs to start working. I then had to add depo shot with it. 
For people with extreme cases this will not be enough for you.
For normal people this will make you gain a little weight but no breakouts and no break through bleeding or weird side effects."
"This pill worked wonders for 6 months for my endometriosis until it, mixed with anxieties about going off to college and being an adult, triggered a horrible depressive and anxiety-fuelled episode that lasted 2 weeks. I couldn&#039;t bear to get out of bed, showering felt like running a marathon, I hated looking at myself, and I cried daily over nothing. I have never had an episode that bad and once I got off of it I felt slightly better, but I ended up having to go on Lexapro! Be careful taking this if you have a mental health condition!"
"I am 45 years old and have been suffering disabling heavy periods for about 6 years now. My doctor suggested ablation for my heavy periods but I wanted to try non-surgical remedies first. This medicine is AMAZING. I take 2 pills 3 times a day for 3 days (total of 18 pills). I start on the 2nd day of my period which is the heaviest. My period dries up and is over within 4 days. I have headaches on or off this medicine during my period so I cannot say for sure whether that is a side effect. I have my life back each month."
"15 minutes after taking I would get severe leg cramps for hours. It made my good cholesterol bad it did not work for me."
"I have used Sominex for YEARS and I absolutely love it!!!  I am NEVER groggy in the morning.  It allows me to sleep, then if I have to go to the bathroom during the night, I am able to go back to sleep.  I take it generally every night.  When I have spoken to various doctors over the years, they have never seemed concerned about my long term use.
Nothing else works quite like it, and it definitely improves my quality of life as I simply cannot function if I don&#039;t get enough sleep.  I usually have to order it online because it is not always stocked at the stores that I go to.  Hope this helps.  Sweet Dreams. :)"
"I had mine inserted as soon as I could after giving birth (about 6 weeks afterwards). I have one child with no desire to have another, but my doctor would not tie my tubes due to my age (younger 20s). Therefore, I opted for the next best thing: the ParaGard.
My only complaints are my periods are A LOT heavier, and I tend to cramp when my cycle begins and during ovulation. I never had cramps prior to having the ParaGard inserted. These possible symptoms were relayed to me prior to placement so I was mentally prepared.
All in all, I&#039;m 3 years in, and I absolutely LOVE this thing. If my doctor still refuses to tie my tubes when I&#039;m older, I&#039;ll just have another inserted."
"I have never taken birth control pills before Jolivette. This particular pill was prescribed to me because of my chronic migraines. The pill works great for my period, but the overall side effects were horrible. I am extremely emotional, my breasts were sore all of the time, and I&#039;m extremely emotional all of the time which is the opposite of how I usually am. I also had hair growth on my arms, legs, and a little on my face. It works, but the side effects make it not worth it."
"Very fast weight gain. I have been on these pills about two months now and have gained 15lbs"
"I was being plagued by severe coughing attacks which in turn would cause my lower back to go in spasms. I was on a steady does of Valium and Percocet for about two months. My body became tolerant to that combination, I talked to my doctor and he suggested Soma compound. It&#039;s been like night and day. I don&#039;t think chemically it&#039;s as strong as the Percocet/Valium combination, but the Soma was just what I needed. I didn&#039;t have any (that I can think of) side-effects from taking it. It was not nearly as addicting as Percocet and I&#039;m able to always keep them on me for backup now and never feel the need to use for the heck of it. For me, there was no high associated with the soma. Amazing!"
"I&#039;ve only started my second month of Levora, but the nausea is so bad that I&#039;m going back to Lutera. The nausea/vomiting was present for the first week that I started it. Granted, after that first week, it worked great for me by reducing my cramps/flow (as well as regulating my period--my original reason for trying Levora), but after beginning again after the placebo week, the nausea came back in force. As one who is a weenie when it comes to nausea, I will certainly not be taking it again! On a smaller note, I seem to be more emotional and likely to cry than normal."
"I just have to say I love Nuvaring! I used to be on the pill and it was a huge hassle for me (I always forgot to take it) and I had a long list of negative side effects (weight gain, upset stomach and headaches). I haven&#039;t had any of these problems with Nuvaring, the only thing I have against it is my skin seems to be a little more prone to breaking out when I&#039;m on it. However I will take that over the 15  pounds I gained while on the pill. I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring over a year now and I don&#039;t plan on switching anytime soon!"
"As of May 2015 i gave myself one year to lose the weight. I got up to 212( im 5&#039;8) so i carried it pretty well but i was not happy the way i felt, always tired, clothes not fitting. i was comfortable when i was 175-180. So after a whole year and Nothing on the scale changed, i went to my Dr and had blood work done hoping to find a reason WHY, blood work came back all good and clear. Noone likes Bad news but at the moment i was hoping to be given a reason i wasnt losing...what was i doing so wrong! He told me to try BELVIQ 2x a day. So here i am started 18 days ago n im down to 200.i had a slight headache for the 1st 3 days and now normal, i dont have the feeling to snack or over eat. Walk 2 miles 3x week too. Good luck!!!"
"Best antidepressant ever. Also great for insomnia, OCD, anxiety and allergies. Isn&#039;t addictive and doesn&#039;t cause withdrawal in my exp. Also the effectiveness doesn&#039;t decrease with continuous long-term usage."
"The reasons am did a review on this is because of the comfort I got from reading other reviews in my moment of panic, in hopes that mine will comfort another. Took Ella after a few hours after unprotected sex (bad Idea) and I was a few weeks from my next period. My cycle was fairly consistent and you could only imagine the sheer panic of missing my period for 5 days. Relief only came the next morning when my period resume.I was panicked because this was the longest I had gone without my period and I had no symptoms associated with taking Ella so I assumed it didn&#039;t work.All I will advice is be patient, not only does Ella work, but there were very few symptoms. Very effective, definitely recommend it."
"Only pill I can take just one of and it work"
"This medication clears up the little watery blisters (caused by Dyshidrotic eczema) in one (or maybe two nights flat."
"I have been taking Pradaxa for 5 months.  The first two months, I really thought I would have to go back to warfarin due to stomach/bowel problems and significant heartburn.  After a couple of months, the digestive and bowel problems gradually went away.  I also discovered the heartburn was reduced by taking the pill right before or during a meal (not just a snack), along with taking it with a full glass of water, and not lying down for an hour or so after taking it.  I&#039;m relieved that I can stay on it since I hated being on warfarin.  Hopefully the cost becomes more reasonable."
"Started of on 10 mg for anxiety and depression, didn&#039;t feel any different but felt irritated and snappy at everyone. Nurse practitioner just bumped me up to 20 mg and I feel better and it&#039;s only been week! Hopefully this will take the edge off so I can more enjoyable to be around."
"I have been taking ELMIRON off and on since 2005. It has helped tremendously but the price is high even with insurance! I have not had my liver enzymes checked since the beginning!"
"I have been treated with CNS stimulants (methylphenidates and amphetamines) and Adderall has unequivocally been the most beneficial medication for ADHD. I have been on this medicine, 30 mg twice daily, for about 4 years and all of the major symptoms of ADHD are under control which in turn has allowed me to take back control of my life.  

I would like to add that, for me, it has had a profound positive effect on comorbid Major Depressive Disorder, recurrent (moderate-severe). Tried virtually every antidepressant and various combinations/augmentations since age 22 (except for MAOIs) with little improvement. Now taking Pristiq 50 mg in the morning and a low-dose of mirtazapine (generic for Remeron) at bedtime. No relapse/recurrence in over a year!"
"Initially I had to get used to the dizzy feeling after standing up too quickly. I rise slower now. I combat the mild dry mouth and cough by drinking lots of water. The diuretic effect, plus my coffee and water intake in the morning, makes me wish I could move my cubicle into the bathroom. That effect tapers off during the day."
"This works great after thoracic surgery."
"Two days ago, I got really painful gout attack into my left toe and upper part of my foot and my heal on the right foot was hurting. My left foot hurt so bad, it was driving me insane.  I tried black cherries, celery, drank tons of organic apple cider vinegar with mother last time but nothing helped so I did go see a doctor and they prescribed indomethacin 50mg three times per day and methylprednisolone tablets (start with 6 first day, 5 next day down to 1). I decided to do what somebody else here suggested and it worked like a miracle. I took 2 Indomethacin tablets in the morning and 2 methylprednisolone and something amazing happened. The pain was almost gone and swelling subsided. Around 3pm I took the same dose and I was able to walk."
"I find it gets me to sleep, but my eyes are red and sore a lot of the time. Thinking of halfing my dose but been on it for 6 years now"
"Best thing I&#039;ve ever done ! I started getting acne when I was 7 took Accutane when I was 11 &amp; my entire face cleared up within 9 months longer then expected but I don&#039;t get any acne beside when I&#039;m menstruating &amp; their very minor. Only side effects were very dry skin &amp; lips &amp; mood swings I recommend it"
"Had a quintuple bypass surgery in August 2015 following a massive heart attack in May of 2015, during which I &quot;died&quot; for three minutes immediately after arriving at the ER. I had suffered severe chest pain for two hours before going to the ER, which was stupid of me.

I have been on Metoprolol Tartrate for 2.5 years now. 25 mg. twice daily. It seems to work fine, as my blood pressure is consistently around 116 over 64, and my heart rate is 54 BPM at last check-up two months ago. Before my heart attack, it was around 150 over 80, so a vast improvement there. I also am on a low dose (10 mg. daily) of Lisinopril, so that may help as well.

The only side effect I am experiencing is severe exhaustion following a 10-hour shift at work. Age 57."
"THIS MEDICINE WORKS! I have been abusing opiates for almost 3 years (averaging 150-200mg of oxy/day the last year) and was at the end of my rope with despair of ever getting off of them.  I cringe when I think of how much money I wasted!  After trying to quit cold turkey (I lasted a day and a half) I began researching Suboxone. I waited until I was in moderate withdrawals (20 hours after last dose) to take a half a 8mg tablet. The withdrawals pretty much stopped within the hour.  I still felt like I was recovering from a bad flu, but it gets better. I can&#039;t stress enough that you have to be ready to quit and to have a great plan/support to help, otherwise Suboxone will end up being there just to stop withdrawals and relapse is likely."
"Worked great for ADHD! Did cause migraines to be more frequent and is expensive, but does do wonders for inattention."
"Cialis is fantastic. Let me first start off by stating for the record that I am NOT some person who got paid to review Cialis. I&#039;m a male in his late 20s and I recently began noticing that my arousal was starting to diminish pretty quickly and I sought my doctor for help. Along with some suggestions that I try exercises for men to treat my ED, he gave me a 30-day trial of Cialis to get my confidence back. I was given the pills yesterday and took just one with a meal and about 4 hours later, right as I got into bed, the stuff just kicked in as I was eyeballing my wife and what resulted was nothing short of spectacular. My erection was sustained for about an hour nonstop. I HIGHLY recommend it."
"Been using for 10 months and no improvement whatsoever.  Very frustrating.  Terrible packaging.  I accidentally knocked over bottle and lost half of it on my sofa.  Waste of time and money."
"Just got new rx for AZA. Had RRMS for 21 years just crossed over into SPMS. R-side foot drop, tingling up to knee caps. R-side weak Tried all the injectables, Acthar, Prednisone, solumedrol so this is my last line of defence. Wish me luck. Will report back @ 1 week intervals "
"This drug does nothing for me except for make me extremely sleepy. I have severe back pain and this was &quot;one&quot; of the medicines the Doctor prescribed. No benefit, my back still hurts."
"I suffer from anxiety/panic disorder and I was given Buspar 10 MG twice daily.  I felt very light headed and like I had a constant head rush. My Dr tried increasing the dose to 20mg twice daily and with that I couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open.  I had to nap for 2 to 3 hours.   It was just awful.  After nearly 4 weeks of being on this medication, I have insisted that I been taken off of it.  I am on 5 MG twice a day for today and tomorrow and then I&#039;ll be done with it and I hope the side effects go away soon.  Just an awful experience."
"The first dose I took of this antibiotics my stomach was hurting real bad so on the second dose I also took a probiotic. I had no pain so I took one every time until I was finish and had no problems."
"I was prescribed topiramate for daily post-concussive headaches, and I also needed to lose weight.  The first three weeks were really rough, and I was unsure if I could take this medicine long-term.  I started off with 25mg the first week, 50mg the second, 75mg the third, then 100mg as my permanent dose.  I took it before bedtime as instructed, but I had next day drowsiness so bad that for three weeks I felt like I was going to face plant at any moment.  Also, the nausea was so bad that I barely ate.  Thankfully, both of these side effects stopped after about 3 weeks as did most of my headaches.  I&#039;ve also lost 22 lbs in 2 months.  The best part is that it has given me control back in that I eat smart and don&#039;t have unhealthy cravings."
"Eyes still swollen and itchy"
"Switched to Pristiq from SSRI after burning through most of the SSRIs and finding Wellbutrin was great but not enough. I had GeneSight and Pristiq and Fetzima were the only green a/ds that were green lighted. Started with 50, side effects waned after a few weeks, but didn&#039;t really kick in, so upped to 100 and lowered WB. It was awful. My memory has been destroyed on Pristiq, so I can&#039;t tell you what specifically but all of my symptoms worsened. Went right back to 50 and WB 450.

Pristiq is ok. It helped the incredible sadness and hopelessness and affect/flatness, nothingness. Didn&#039;t help with motivation, getting out of bed, happiness, socialization, cognition. Switching to Fetzima and crossing fingers."
"I had an accident on the most fertile day of my cycle and was so afraid since both of my children were conceived on the first try so I am incredibly fertile. I took the pill an hour after sex and had minimal side effects over the next week. Mostly menstrual like cramps and tingly breasts. However because those can be pregnancy symptoms I was totally panicking. 9 days after taking the pill I had some strong cramps and noticed a little bright red blood after wiping. I thought it was implantation bleeding since my period wasn&#039;t due for another 5 days and I had it with both my other pregnancies. I figured the pill didn&#039;t work since I took it on the day of ovulation. But over the next hour it turned into a full period! Plan b worked!!!!!!!"
"Lortab, best pain medicine ever, if I have to take anything for pain it would be this."
"Vicodin works for me after hernia operation, once in morning and at bedtime."
"Excellent for anxiety, especially if you start with the minimum amount, 0.25 mg and only take more if needed. I say this because I was prescribed 0.5 mg 3x daily and don&#039;t need that much. Try to take the least amount and if that works don&#039;t take more since you can build up a slight tolerance over time. My only concern is will I ever be able to be off of medicine. I just wish there was a natural cure for anxiety. I hate being dependent on this."
"My experience has been pretty neutral compared to many of the other reviews I&#039;ve read. I was prescribed 500mg 2x a day for 7 days for BV. Just took my last dose. The pill tastes awful and chalky, and I&#039;ve had a bad taste in my mouth all week. I&#039;ve had a pretty constant, yet minor headache, and a slight loss of appetite. Definitely glad it&#039;s over, but I had a much better reaction to it than most people.

As for the BV, I was on my period this week, so it&#039;s been hard to gauge. I know the odor is gone, but I&#039;m still unsure about the amount of discharge. My follow up appointment is next week so hopefully it&#039;s done with (for now)"
"This was NOT effect post-op. I had a laporoscopic surgery for endometriosis and as well have herniation of discs L4&amp;L5. I take pain medicines as a chronic pain management patient and have not needed anything other than the prescribed dosage ever. This did not work at all. I was in pain all night until a day nurse was willing to listen to the issue and gave the other brand name medicine with more APAP.
When the time comes to have other surgery, I will have to discuss with Doctor beforehand. I am not willing to suffer again."
"I have severe allergic asthma. After two hospitalizations for pneumonia, asthma attacks, anaphylaxis, chronic sinus infections following a childhood of allergy shots, as a young adult I needed constant medication to battle endless infections and hives. With allergy meds (I&#039;ve tried them all), steroids and typical asthma meds, I had still become dependent on a nebulizer, every 4 hours. After years of struggle, I was actually getting worse working downtown Houston.
 Xolair changed my life! I went from a sickly, declining 28-year-old to a normal person, requiring nothing else but Benedryl during the spring. I have been taking it for 12 years, including a healthy pregnancy after the first year."
"I&#039;ve taken Fiorinal for about a year, initially it was great.  One pill would totally knock out a headache. Little drowsy for about 30 minutes and I was good to go. Started having to increase the the number of times I take it about 4 months ago, started having abnormal vaginal bleeding; my doctor thinks it&#039;s the aspirin and the fact that I&#039;ve had to take more. Aspirin is a blood thinner. I switched to Fioricet, same drug, but replaces the asprin with Tylenol. Back to normal now. Try Fioricet if Fiorinal dosen&#039;t work for you."
"Ok gotta make a long story short.. My docter gave me bactrim for a uti and usually it works but this time it didnt. I was miserable so I went to urgent care they prescribed me macrobid 100 mg 2&times; daily. I read all the awful reviews and since my stomach is very sensitive and easily nausiated I immediatly was discouraged. I asked the pharmacist and she told me she had taken it and as long as you follow the instructions on the bottle that say take with food or milk I would be fine and she didnt have any symptoms. Soo I have been eating a good meal bf I take it and its been 3 days now and I woke up on the 3rd day and its like its gone and I could tell after the 1st day I was getting better. I was in pain for 6 day and this med was a blessing!!!"
"This is my 4th month after switching from Ortho tri-cyclin to tri-previfem due to my insurance and availability and I am miserable. For preventing pregnancy, sure, the pill works. But for anything else, it is horrible. I have gained several pounds over the last month and have not changed anything about my life style. My face is breaking out along my chin nearly every day. I am having constant serious mood swings. I am anti social and I have no sex drive. I have considered ending my year long relationship for the tiniest reasons and I am horrible to my family. I have never had mental health issues before I took this pill and I am hoping stopping will help me return to my normal self..."
"My 9 yo son was diagnosed with ADHD a year ago and has had OT services for 6 months.  We started Intuniv 2 weeks ago. First day on 1 mg he was super hyper, then seemed unchanged.  A week later we went to 2 mg.  It&#039;s great.  He is more focused, less wiggly, finishes task in a more timely manner.  He still squirms but not as much.  His teacher is happy with the improvement.  Side effects-sleepy, dry mouth, emotional.  We have been giving him the pill in the morning.  Around 5pm he gets super sleepy.  The doc told me there is no peak in when the drug works but there is a peak in when the side effects occur.  They tend to be 8-10 hours after taking the drug.  We are going to try giving him the pill at night and see if it helps him with drowsiness."
"Nightmare.  2 hours after taking it chest hurt,  experienced urination retention (I had to concentrate to release pee) yikes. Could not lie back without heart feeling like it will explode.  I think the medicine was trying to kill me. Throat felt weird beyond words. My uncle is a dentist and said this is one antibiotic to QUIT and NOT finish the bottle.  I read about people who stuck it out and continued through the bizarre symptoms and side effects and they regretted it.  Sick for months after quitting"
"After I gave birth to my daughter I went back to my pre-baby weight until I got the birth control implant in my arm and I gain close to 70 pounds in a year. I started Phentermine in September and its now March and I have lost 75 pounds. I a busy mother so I exercise when I can which is not often. I do portion control and I only drink water. This pill gave me my old life back."
"Caused loss of ability to focus, gained 30lbs in six weeks I was on it. Many many more symptoms.  Stopped using and all but the weight went a way.  Weight dropped 10lbs in 2 weeks after stopping. "
"Stops the hunger craze..have lost 20 lbs in 3 mths..no side effects..best wt.loss drug i have tried."
"I started Contrave 3/18/15...it is now 6/27/15....I went from 226 to 175lbs. This medication is amazing. I do not experience anything unusual, I have increased my exercise 200% and no longer eat at night. The program that goes with it Scaledown helps me monitor my weight so that I can see what foods causes weight gain as well as weight loss. Definitely would recommend this medication!!!"
"I took the one pill 3 days ago and is still experiencing tiredness and no appetite. I was so sleepy and could not stay up while at work. I will not take the pill again.. The fact that I am still having the affect 3 days later speaks volumes and is not a good thing."
"I have tried amitriptiline, citalopram Paxil Gabapentin and now Cymbalta I sure have noticed a big difference thank goodness I was ready to give up."
"I was on necon for 6 years, and it was the first birth control I ever went on. I LOVED this. I had super light periods that would last 2-3 days. I had no weight gain, but unfortunately no boob gain either haha. I&#039;ve never had acne problems, and nothing got better or worse being on it. Cramps were a thing in the past on this pill. I literally would forget I&#039;m on my period. Before I went on this pill, I had my period extremely heavy every other week, so this was literally magic. Unfortunately after 6 years my body must have gotten used to the pill, so I switched to Reclispen because I started get spot heavily in-between my period pretty much all the time. I&#039;m hoping my new pill will be just as amazing as Necon..maybe just give me some boobs;)"
"I give it a 4 - mostly for the convenience.  I went off of the pill because if I missed just one, my period would start and last for a full month.  So the patch is easier for me to remember to change.  The downside for me is that since I&#039;ve been on it (maybe half a year), several times I&#039;ve had my period come every 2 weeks.  I&#039;m also using birth control so that I&#039;m only supposed to have my period once every 4 months.  So much for that.  I think soon I will be asking to switch back."
"Doctor suggested Saxenda and this is week 4 @ increased the injection to 2.4. Total loss is 6.5 kilos.  Side effects are extreme tiredness, constipation &amp; heart burn. Due to knee replacement 10 months ago &amp; fractured back I&#039;m limited to exercise so walk every day &amp; night &amp; incl hill climbs. I eat 1000 calories per day &amp; satisfied. However this week I have developed red welts at the injection site. I&#039;ve put ice on it but as yet will not subside &amp; concerned about another injection. I can&#039;t see my doctor till next week so was wondering if anyone else had this experience &amp; why?"
"My 9 year old son started taking Vyvanse when all the other ADHD meds failed. Although he still had his fits sometimes they are few and far between. His grades in school are improving and he is able to pay attention better."
"Was prescribed Citalopram for severe anxiety and depression. I had 2-4 days of very slight queasiness and no side effects thereafter. I started to feel calmer by the end of the first week and quite simply it went on to change my life for the better. I took it for 2 years and when I felt ready I slowly reduced my dosage with the knowledge of my doctor. I have not been on the medication for about 5 years now and have continued to feel perfectly well. There are some days when I am mildly anxious or down but I can cope without medication and these episodes pass quickly. I would urge anyone advised to take this medication to do as they are asked - it might just save your sanity!"
"I have been on Apri previously and it was not available for refill at one point so they switched me to Cryselle. I lost all sex drive and was flat line. I am now back on Apri and feel amazing. My mood is better and my sex drive is back... so happy to be back on Apri this has really turned my life back around to where I was before."
"I was on a hormonal birth control pill for many years.  I could set a clock by my periods... start on a Tuesday, off by Saturday.  It was great.  I turned 35 and my Doc would no longer prescribe the hormonal pill.  So, enter Jolivette.  The first two weeks, my nipples were so sore and I was so bloated that I thought I might be pregnant.  Then, my period started 1 week early and lasted for 9 days!  A very heavy 9 days as well.  1 week later, heavy bleeding again.  I don&#039;t think Jolivette and I are going to be friends."
"I&#039;ve only been on this for 4 days now and so far I&#039;ve had nothing but side effects. Although it&#039;s partially my fault. My doctor never warned me about iburophen or caffeine. I had a headache so I took something for it and it just made the effects so much worse. I then took an energy sports drink before the gym and overdosed on caffeine. I was awake for 64hrs before finally getting any sleep and that only lasted 4 hours. But I must say I was a lot more alert, my eyes were tired but my brain wasn&#039;t. Other side effects I&#039;ve had are severe shakiness, dry mouth, nausea, diarrhea, loss in appetite, yawning, teeth grinding, ear popping. I&#039;m going to stick with it to see the outcome."
"I have the same problems as many of the other reviewers. My medication was changed from Avaine to Lutera to Orsythia. I had no problems with Avaine or Lutera but I&#039;ve been on Orsythia for about a week and I&#039;m experiencing horrible side effects. I&#039;ve had headaches, moodiness, and cramps. It feels exactly like I&#039;m PMSing and according to other reviewers, I just might be. I&#039;m glad I came here so I can be prepared for a possible mid cycle period."
"My dermatologist put me on Doryx a couple months back. My acne was bad, inflamed and painful all over my cheeks. I took half the pill once a day and at first it made my skin dry out. But my acne disappeared within a week and a half. Afterwards I stopped using it. Then noticed my skin breaking out again. So I&#039;m back on it again and it has settled my skin. I quit eating dairy as well while taking it and I have yet to have a breakout. I now take it every other day as it dries out the skin all over my body. But totally worth the results !!"
"In two weeks I&#039;ll have been smoke free for 6 MONTHS!  I think about this often and laugh to myself and sometimes do a little victory shimmy when I&#039;m alone, of course.  I&#039;m 30, I&#039;ve been smoking for 12 years, I grew tired of hiding in weird places to smoke.  I started taking the pills when I wasn&#039;t yet ready to quit but I&#039;m better off.  I took the first two weeks of these pills and that was it.  The last cigarette felt like I&#039;d gone outside, picked up a tree branch and tried to smoke it.  Chantix, luckily allows you to continue smoking through the first week, I smoked into the 4th day of the second week and that unpleasant experience hit me like I ton of bricks. I experienced ZERO side effects, this medicine affects everyone differently."
"Recently diagnosed advanced lung adenocarcinoma. After surgery began chemotherapy. This med helps allay anxiety, nausea, stimulates appetite and helps me sleep.  My mood is improved."
"Clonidine is definitely a wonder for opiate withdrawal. I asked to be detoxed in hospital after over a year of pain management got the best of me...they aren&#039;t kidding when they say opiates are addictive. After 2 days of sleeping through cold turkey (for the most part) I was able to eat and act normal, with no physical cravings. They administered a combination of clonidine, Serax, Soma, Ativan and gabapentin, so I can&#039;t say which worked better initially. The clonidine seems to lessen the worst physical effects. It lowered my blood pressure a lot, so only 0.5mg dose was allowed at a time, maybe more would work better for someone else with higher pressure. Detox with a doctor&#039;s help, they&#039;ve got lots of options."
"I had surgery for a colon resection. I can&#039;t take Hydrocodone because it upsets my stomach, gives me headaches, nausea and constipation. The morphine (patient administered pump) didn&#039;t work for me at all, but Dilaudid worked wonderfully, 2 mg every 6 hours. I had no unpleasant side effects, which is very unusual for me with any medicine. I had no withdrawal problems when I left the hospital. If I ever have surgery again, I&#039;m going to request Dilaudid. It gave me great relief and let me rest and heal!"
"We have had the worse run in our house, our 15months old twins have HSV1 in there mouth!! They were so sick, I caught it off them! Being there mum I would have to apply gel in there mouth, so I did so as normal and then with out thinking I have had to race to the bathroom to use the loo and forgot to wash my hands, now as a result of that I have given myself genital herpes and boy am I mad!! This is the most disgusting thing and painful thing that has ever happened to me! Now hubby and I are worried hubby&#039;s going to catch it off me! I&#039;m just guttered by this!! Docs given me some valacyclovir to use but we are 2 days in and my mouth and down stairs areas are still only getting worse! I&#039;m praying things are going to get better really soon!"
"I had a horrible toothache and was prescribed Tylenol-3s and 875mg amoxicillin.  I had to go to the ER to get norcos because the entire right side of my face hurt from my jawbone to my forehead-the Tylenol-3s were USELESS!!!!) on norco 10-325 numbed the pain and now i take one every 6 hrs or as needed and I can sleep again."
"This is the first time I took unisom. I&#039;m pregnant and have been having trouble sleeping. I took it the first night and I as asleep within 30 minutes. It was the best sleep I&#039;ve had in awhile and woke up feeling great but the second night taking it didn&#039;t go so well. It didn&#039;t make me drowsy one bit. I tried taking a second pill and nothing worked. I&#039;m not sure why it worked the first night for me but not the second. :("
"I went to the ER after a diverticulitis flare-up with severe abdomonal pain.  Was given Dilaudid and Phenergen through an IV and the pain went away almost instantly!!  The combination of the two worked wonders but only lasted for a couple of hours."
"I was having heavy stress associated with my job in healthcare billing. My anxiety would go through the roof and I would have horrible acid reflux when my heart started to race. My doctor pointed out that it was the stress that was causing these anxiety peaks and recommended I take Zoloft. 

I have been taking a 100mg dose in the mornings for the last 11 days. The first 2-3 days my stomach felt bad and I was very mellow, but soon after the symptoms started to go away . 

Now I only notice that I wake in the morning with my teeth clenched tightly for some reason. It doesn&#039;t really bother me too much. It&#039;s just a weird feeling that I have little control over.

My stress has changed very little and I keep wondering if this medicine works."
"Aleve really worked for me with my toe swelling for the gout and  the relief was  very fast for me.  It is Awesome"
"I could see its very faint effect on me though I tried it 5 - 6 times. Not really useful."
"Of different medicines I have tried for the  Restless Legs Syndrome, this has been the most effective.  I was started with 3 pills per day but have been able to reduce the dosage to 1 pill per day. Have been using this drug for over 5 years now."
"I have been taking Seasonique for almost 3 months now and for the most part am very satisfied with it.  The only downfall I&#039;ve found so far is weight gain, around 5-10 pounds, which doesn&#039;t seem like much but to a smaller person it makes a huge difference in clothes fitting. Normally I could get this weight off pretty easy but so far that&#039;s not the case.  I haven&#039;t made it to the end of the first pack yet so I&#039;m hoping this first cycle I have isn&#039;t as bad as what some of these comments say.  I&#039;m on week 7 and in the last week noticed a tiny bit of spotting, not enough to use a tampon or even a liner.  So far so good best I can tell.  This is still way better than having a period every 28 days."
"Periodically, I take Ambien.  I have tried other sleep aids, Lunesta, Seroquel and others. However Ambiem is the one sleep prescription that allows me a good nights sleep and wake up without a drugged feeling.  I am then ready to &#039;take on the world&#039;.  Ambien is great and I would definitely recommend it."
"I have been taking these tablets since late Tuesday, I&#039;m on a 500mg 10 day cycle for chronic kidney infection. The hospital sent me away with the tablets and advised if I was no better within 48 hours I was to go straight to A&amp;E. I have taken 4 tablets now, I was feeling sick and vomiting before I started to take these tablets so I can&#039;t blame that now the tablet. I can honestly say the only problems I am having with this tablet is the dreams, they are so awful, vivid and terrifying. It&#039;s hard to try and get back to sleep when you know what your gonna face on the other side but all I want to do is sleep and rest. Overall I genuinely think the tablets is doing its job, I shall let you know if I end up in hospital this evening."
"Have been taking T3 or T4 for post-surgery pain.  Have discovered that as long as I take either one, my pain persists but once I stop MY PAIN GOES AWAY!  Also found that NSAIDs increase the pain (had basal joint replacements in both thumbs).  But I do have to say that both Ts are effective for my hip bursitis; just not worth the thumb pain when I take it.  Hoping the MD can give me something for my hip that won&#039;t impact my thumbs..."
"I have had rheumatoid arthirtis for 1 year now, and continue to take Sulfasalazine and Nabumetone daily. I stopped taking the Enbrel after 7 months as it was no longer relieving joint pains.  I have had two infusions so far, and do notice improvement in my most painful joint (shoulder).  My rheumatologist prescribed a dose pack of steroids, which I took after my 1st infusion. Receiving these drugs together, I was hoping for more improvement, but I will take what I can get.  My arm has markedly improved range of motion, although it is not back to normal. My legs are still stiff, and I still need to shuffle my feet when I walk.  I go back for my third infusion next month, and thereafter infusions will be every 6-8 weeks.  I sure am hopeful this treatment will improve my quality of life."
"I have taken Plan B 3 times so far and has worked every time. First time in July 2012 I had unprotected sex took Plan B 4 hours later and got my period with no delay on the exact day I was supposed to get it. The second time in September 2013 I just finished having my period on 8/20 and had protected sex on 9/4, the condom broke so I took Plan B 2 hrs later and got my period 2 weeks early on 9/9. The third time I took it was March 2014. Had a condom break so I took Plan B on 3/21, 4 hrs later. I was suppose to get my period on 4/2/14 but got it yesterday it came 3 days early. Never been so happy to see my period. If you are worried that the pill may not work don&#039;t be! It does work when you take it writhing the 72 hour time frame."
"Started Saxenda on February 28th.  I&#039;ve lost 17 pounds and I&#039;m still shocked about how well this is working for me.  My side effects have been headaches on a daily bases, some nausea in the beginning and dry mouth that has also passed.  I am never hungry.  The little side effect are worth it.  My insurance does cover it."
"6.25mg of this product 2 X daily, reduced my 160/120 BP to 120/78 in two days."
"This has had more benefit controlling psoriasis on hands and feet over any biologic I&#039;ve taken over the years. I&#039;ve yet to find a medication with better results."
"I got chronic pancreatitis and this serious GI disease and dilaudid has worked wonderful treating me of these problems."
"This medicine worked well for my addiction to alcohol. Within a weeks time I was sober and feeling good and a detox facility was not needed. All from the comfort of my own home."
"My four year old daughter has eczema. And we used it while her skin was for the most part clear and her face broke out with a rash, which she rarely gets a patch on her face but this was full blown all over her face. She looked like she was sun burned. And her eczema broke out all over her skin as usual but either the medicine did not work or it aggravated it more because this was her worst breakout ever. Redness everywhere in larger patches than usual and redder than usual. I had to go back to the steroid cr&eacute;eme to clear it off. How disappointing. I just tried it again last night and her face has broken out and gotten red over night."
"Have been on Votrient  about six months. Virtually no side effects except for the white hair. Tumors are stable."
"Remeron got rid of my depression, and my anxiety was a lot better. I also was able to get to sleep a lot easier. I did notice some weight gain though, but not a lot."
"I just started Loestrin about one month ago. Before I started taking it that I had no problems with acne. Most Recently about a 2 weeks ago I began having the worst breakout on my life cheeks, chin, forehead! I thought it was from my use of makeup but now that I have read these posts I definitely see it is from the pill."
"I took this birth control for 2 months. Worked well for birth control. Weight was stable. No acne or mood swings. I did however have an extreme amount of vaginal discharge all month long when my period was not on. So much so, I am switching to another birth control."
"Took all 4 pills with food.  I felt fine for about an hour and then the stomach cramps kicked in, I started to feel like I was gonna puke and ubered home as fast as possible. I puked and poo&#039;d my way into remission and then fell asleep? Didn&#039;t even realize I had , experienced INCREDIBLY lucid dreams that I had no hands but was trying to call 911 to save me, it was so crazy I felt like I was on acid."
"The pharmacist recommended to try this new drug as it would be more efficient then the one I was already using. I tried it last weekend and it did NOTHING, the headache didn&#039;t lower and the nausea didn&#039;t go away neither."
"This is the best birth control I&#039;ve been on. Previously, I had taken Depo Provera and my personality became very cold. Later, I was on Minastrin and I started getting ocular migraines. Freaked me out...never had them before. Doc put me on Lo Loestrin FE because of ovarian cysts and the pain associated with them has disappeared. Haven&#039;t had my period in over a year, but doc said it was ok not to have one. My emotions are less of a roller coaster. I still get PMS symptoms, cramps, and a pimple the week before my last pill, but FAR less severe. Love this pill. Only side effect I can think of is difficulty losing &quot;some&quot; weight, but I&#039;d rather have that than what comes with not taking the pill."
"I was on Accutane when I was 16 for about 8 months. I first took 40 mg a day then he moved it to 80. The only negative side effect I had was dry lips. My doctor kept me on it longer because I have extremely sensitive skin and can&#039;t use topical things like benzoyl peroxide because it makes my break out in skin rashes.  I have had clear skin up until about six months ago. I am 24 so that&#039;s 7 yrs of clear skin. I am going back to my dermatologist this week so hopefully he will put me back on it because it is amazing. I would seriously stay on it forever if I could."
"Took antibiotics about 2 weeks ago, had slight sensitivity on my lips during sex two times didn&#039;t think much of it until it burned when I peed after sex. Took some probiotic gummy for a few days hoping it would just go away. Its been a week now, this morning super itchy and uncomfortable with the tiniest bit of discharge I decided to buy this product. Inserted it at 9:30 am at work- on and off burning not too itchy, I&#039;ve just left it alone. Peed twice so far, a bunch of white discharge now. Second pee I had a little bit of blood on the wipe when cleaning up and reapplying cream. 4:30pm still mild burning enough to notice not too bad. 6:15 burning slightly more. 8pm burning stopped. 9am no burning no sensetivity still discharge but it works."
"I skipped the tingle stage all together. My lips had been really dry and I was using Chapstick when all of a sudden there was a random blister on my lip. I immediately went and bought some Abreva. It never got past the blister stage. It has been 2 days and it just looks like a dry patch now. No scab. No oozing. Can&#039;t even tell it&#039;s there if you didn&#039;t know."
"This medication is great!! I&#039;ve been suffering severe anxiety for three years now, and I finally decided to get on some medication for it. Zoloft didn&#039;t work for me, and made me feel horrible, so we tried buspar next. The only side effects I got was slight dizziness and feeling fuzzy for the first three days and then I was fine.
I&#039;m definitely way less anxious now, and it was great. I suggest giving it a try if its just anxiety and not depression, cause that&#039;s what things like Zoloft focus on."
"I got my Nexplanon put in April 16th. Insertion was super easy and I hardly felt a thing. I had a pretty good bruise for about 3 days and then it went away. I was supposed to get my period 2 weeks after insertion but I didn&#039;t. About 2 weeks after that I started spotting and it hasn&#039;t stopped since. I&#039;ve had a two weeks where I had heavier bleeding for my normal 5 day &quot;period&quot; so I figured thats when I&#039;ll get my period but I&#039;ve been bleeding every day in between then and it&#039;s so annoying. That&#039;s the biggest downfall to the implant is that you don&#039;t know if you&#039;re going to be someone who gets prolonged bleeding or not and when you do get it it&#039;s super frustrating. Plus I feel like I&#039;m in a bad mood all the time, I&#039;m tired, &amp; no sex drive."
"I used Vagistat last night and it is now the following morning. It has definitely helped to the degree that it&#039;s not all I think about. I would recommend this to anyone."
"I also had Propofol (with Fentanyl) for a colonoscopy recently.  While a nurse was hooking up sensors, the surgeon explained the Fentanyl was for pain; Propofol for sedation.  Overall, he said I would be very drowsy during the procedure.  He pushed a pre-measured syringe of each with a warning that Propofol might burn a bit.  The Fentanyl produced an almost immediate light rush.  A few seconds later the nurse asked if I felt any burning.  I answered &quot;No, but my wrist is a little sore.&quot;  My wrist immediately went numb and as I stared at it, my world went blank.  The next thing I knew, I was prying my eyes open, feeling pretty drowsy as well as half tipsy.  Someone said &quot;All done!&quot; and wheeled me to recovery.  No bad side effects; good stuff!"
"I thought the anxiety and panic I felt was normal. I did not know any different. With some reluctance I approached my doctor and was shocked to find out I experienced 9 out of 10 symptoms of Panic Attack / Anxiety on a semi-regular basis. Once again, I have had this feeling for so long I just did not know any different. My life has changed, I can go to work, shop, go to church and family functions without feeling the terrible anxiety that I had before. I take 1-5mg per day depending on the days activities. I have no idea why my brain would throw me into a panic over the smallest of things but it did and alprazolam worked. I would give it much more then a 10 if possible. I now only fear being without it. It is truly life changing."
"I still take ibuprofen daily on top of the Mobic."
"I am productive but I am not myself, I can&#039;t sleep.  I stay up for days on end because there is so much I have to do.  My body just wants rest, my pulse is pounding behind my eyes.  I can&#039;t remember the last time my body or my mind allowed me to eat, hunger is a distant memory.  I am gregarious in conversations and go off like Charlie Sheen.  I have stayed up for days, until white walls turned orange.  I have been on Vyvanse for a year and before that Medidate, Stratera, Concerta, Daytrana, Ritalin, Adderall.  I don&#039;t know who I am outside of my daily dose because I&#039;ve been fed since I was 9, I&#039;m 21 now. I have a 4.0 GPA, I am miserable. None of these are good, the alternative is worse."
"I was so excited to start taking Contrave after reading all these reviews. I did not have any side effects. I took Contrave for 1 month and did not lose any weight. I signed up for the Scaledown scale and liked the fact of weighing in daily and being accountable. I was disappointed to not have any weight change but to fluctuate 2 lbs every few days. I was eating 1,200-1,500 calories a day as well. Time to try a different medication."
"Xanax has been a lifesaver for me. I was getting it prescribed at 1mg 3x daily and my life was as close to perfect as I can ask for.  I made it to work every day and was able to concentrate at school.  I can honestly say that I wouldn&#039;t have made it through college without it. The problem now is that not 1 psychiatrist is willing to prescribe it to me.  They keep giving me Abilify, Prozac, Vistaril, and trazodone.  I guess they figure if I am like a ZOMBIE ALL DAY I won&#039;t complain. "
"I have had Type I insulin-dependent diabetes for 39 years and took Invokana for over a year.  My A1C came down only a few tenths of a point, and I experienced drastic swings in blood glucose and ketoacidosis.  I stopped taking Invokana 2 months ago, but my hair loss has continued and has accelerated since discontinuing its use."
"I started this in mid October after I went off my old pill (LoLoestrin Fe) due to the fact I couldn&#039;t afford it anymore and theres no generic. My reaction to this pill is odd....sometimes it gives me an insane intiatiable sex drive, and sometimes I have no drive at all. Sometimes I bleed/spot for 2.5 weeks, sometimes I bleed for 3 days. I have a little acne which is bothersome since I have PCOS and was hoping for this pill to get rid of the spots, but so far theres been no improvement. Sometimes get nausea and headaches, but not consistently. Had my first ever yeast infection after being on it for 2 weeks, none since.I&#039;ll give this a few more months before I look into switching, since I may still just adjusting to it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Clidinium for over 20 years to deal with acid stomach and esophagus spasms.  When eating, I would have the feeling that food was &quot;getting stuck&quot; after just a few bites.  This is the most wonderful drug to deal with my &quot;nervous stomach&quot; so to speak, and also has the side benefit of reducing instances of lower tract issues as well. without cramps.

CVS Caremark is now giving me a hard time covering this medication, saying the problem is that it&#039;s not FDA approved, having gone to market in 1966, preceding the FDA.  Actually the real problem is that it&#039;s &quot;expensive&quot;!

They suggested 2 other IBS drugs which did nothing for my stomach, and resulted in abdominal cramps.   I&#039;m still fighting but out of room!"
"This medications is pretty good! Works well for mild to severe pain."
"Last year I had both my hips replaced (at 2 separate times) and was prescribed opioids. Within days I had horrible constipation, tried the over the counters first suggested by my surgeon with no relief.  I addressed this with my surgeon during my followup visit and asked him about Movantik, I remember seeing the commercial.  He stated that he never heard of it before, looked it up and gave me a script. Took Movantik the next morning by that evening I had my first bowel moment and felt so much better.  I did experience a little cramping  but I would take that over the constipation any day.  Was only on my opoid for two weeks so stopped the Movantik at the same time.  I was just shocked how my surgeon had never heard of Movantik before."
"I was prescribed to use this product every 4 hours it helps me especially in the morning and during the day"
"I feel as though I&#039;ve been given a second chance at living. I am enjoying life for the first time in many years. I will be dropping off my walker, crutches and chair lift at the Goodwill this week (you may think I&#039;m kidding--I&#039;m serious). I do fear that the change might be temporary  but, I&#039;m going to enjoy everything while the pain is gone! (Five weeks pain free)."
"AWFUL AWFUL experience!

4 PM 1st packet with 5 oz of water followed by five 8 oz cups of water%u2026no results at all! 10 PM 2nd packet with three 8 oz cups of water.  At 2 AM I called the &quot;on call&quot; doctor to report that there was NO EFFECT. I considered cancelling the appointment.  Finally, my bowels started to flush at 3 AM!  

It&#039;s now 3:10 and I am absolutely NOT CLEAR. I will most likely be awake all night and my colonoscopy is at 8:15 AM. I am supposed to arrive at 7:30 to fill out paperwork and I am livid!"
"I began taking Saxenda on 11/3/15 weighing in at 252 lbs....today I weigh 227 lbs!!  25 lbs in a little over 3 months!!  I am excited.  I know that is only about 8 lbs a month but that is good...I have always heard that you need to take it slow. I have tried every diet/weight loss program that you can imagine and nothing has ever worked for me.  I am 43 years old and I was tired of my quality of life being so miserable. I however have it a plateau, I haven&#039;t lost anything in the past 2 weeks.  I plan to start doing some cardio to hopefully increase the weight loss.  Any suggestions would be helpful!!  Since I began taking this med, both of my daughters and one of my son-in-laws have reverted to using this as their daily life style as well."
"I was on this for the whole 3 months and let me tell you I was an emotional mess.  SO NASTY to all my loved ones for no good reason.  I&#039;d get mad and cry over the absolute dumbest things.  but, this is my body and that is how I reacted to this birth control.  I&#039;m moving on to The Patch now, it has some good reviews and we will see how it works out.  I gave this atleast 5 stars because I didn&#039;t get pregnant lol"
"It will be 10 years in October that I&#039;ve been taking Lamictal. I&#039;ve been seizure FREE that long as well. I take 200mg at night and 200mg in the morning. I too experience memory loss and concentration. I feel as though my eyes don&#039;t move normally. Since my dosage was upped I find myself in slow motion. I also notice that I have a form of dyslexia. example: putting on my windshield wipers instead of my blinkers. another example is: when I&#039;m speaking I might say into my sentence what I&#039;m looking at. Talk about makes me feel stupid! I must add that I also take Zonagram which was causing me other side effects like depression and suicidal. After doctors lowered the Zonagram dose, depression and suicidal thoughts were gone but I gained weight."
"I take 30mg. It calms me down, I&#039;m less anxious. It does what it is supposed to."
"I had a Mirena put in when I had my laproscopy for Endometriosis about five months ago. I had a month of heavy bleeding at first now its just a few days a month of light bleeding the rest of the time there is a light discharge whatever that is. It is annoying as I have to always wear a pantyliner. Good thing the Mirena has gotten rid of the heavy painful bleeding I had and my menstrual migraines (which used to last for 7-10 days every month). Yay! Only thing that really upsets me is the acne on my chin, though its more like rash type spots then full on acne it looks dreadful as my face has red splotches on it and its embarrassing. Still I would prefer to have that then the horrible pains and migraines that I used to."
"Had vaginal yeast infection for three days until I finally made up my mind to head for the clinic. I was diagnosed with vaginal yeast infection and was prescribed 150 mg of fluconazole(diflucan). An hour after taking the pill, my symptoms ceased to a minimum. However, the itchiness and burning sensation still lasted for around two days before it finally resolved."
"I have been using Phentermine for a year now. My regular weight was 186-4lbs maybe and now my weight is 137lbs. I never thought that I could be this small and I love it. I feel wonderful because now I can fit and look in clothes I never thought possible."
"This worked for me! It let the tense muscles in my back relax so I could fall asleep. I had a lot of confusion while taking the medication (like a mental fog) so I stopped taking it and now take melatonin"
"I have been on the Nuvaring for a month now. The only issue I have with it, is that I have had light bleeding in between but no pain. I can&#039;t feel it and when I had sex with my Boyfriend he said he liked the feeling of it. I don&#039;t really care for taking it out and putting it back in, but it is so much better than remembering to take a pill everyday. I have had a few mood swings but most women have them."
"I have suffered from papulopustular rosacea for years. I was initially prescribed Met gel, which cleared it up, but it came back worse than ever. Using Met gel only dried my skin and made it worse. I bought Soolantra out of desperation and it has worked a treat. Have been using it for two weeks once at night and I currently have no white heads! My skin is also so smooth and clear now. It does get worse before it gets better, but this may be because it&#039;s killing all the Dermodex mites and their life cycle including eggs is 3 weeks."
"I&#039;ve gained alot of weight"
"I have a bacterial infection in my face due to an infected tooth and was prescribed this medication. I have been taking the medication now for 52 hours and have no sign of relief. I just hope its working. I cant take the pressure on the left side of my head for much longer before a visit to the ER."
"It&#039;s been about two years since I first started messing around with OCs. It didn&#039;t get really bad until about a year ago when I found a massive supply for extremely cheap. That&#039;s when the trouble started. I was snorting 2 - 3 80 mgs a day if not more on &quot;special occasions.&quot; 

Anyway I realized that this horrible secret was bound to destroy my life, if not tomorrow than sometime soon. You see, nobody in my family knows that I have this problem, even my longtime girlfriend who spends a massive amount of time with me. So fortunately I have realized how important it is to finally kick the OC habit. I got some suboxone and so far so good. I recommend this to anyone with a serious opiate habit."
"When I was prescribed Tramadol for abdominal pain, little did I know about the Bonus effects.

I was able to lose 20lbs in 3 months (less appetite). 

My mood became so good and I got my joy of life back. I took 50mg daily.

I felt less anxious and depressed. Mostly, I cared less about what people think of me. I started to swim and hike. My mom, who is against pills, said &quot; you changed so much whatever that you do, keep doing it&quot;. I&#039;m a 45 yo male."
"After years of chronic lower back pain and spinal fusion a year ago, still experiencing chronic pain and now numbness and pain down both legs. Doc started me on Belbuca a couple weeks ago at 150mcg and increased to 300mcg dose every 12 hrs. The little patch sure can be tricky to stick to the inside of my cheek. The medication can be difficult to remove from the foil package, but I&#039;m getting better at it. My experience has been some pain relief without brain fog. We will see how this goes. I still have Percocet for break out pain. Also, it&#039;s important to note that even after 1 1/2 hrs. the patch hasn&#039;t completely dissolved. I&#039;m going to stick with it with the hope that it keeps more of my pain under control."
"I did &#039;&#039;it&#039;&#039; on september 12,2016 &amp; on september 17 I recieved brown spotting slightly pickish I thought it was implantation &quot;period&quot; I started to freak out really bad but SO HAPPY IT IS NOT. I NOW HAVE MY HEAVY PERIOD with fatigue the pill works! Just take it as soon as it happens or within the 24 hour range best.drink warm teas for the cramping! Or hot baths. Love you all! Be careful!"
"I developed a chronic pain syndrome post chole  25 year ago. My pain waxed and wained. Pain medication did nothing. The only thing that helped  a little was muscle relaxants. My doctor suggested cymbalta. The effect was immediate. I just thought I was having a good week. I took 30 mg daily (lowest dose). The pain never returned. I still have muscle stiffness but the pain associated with it is gone. I have an arthritic thumb from an injury that still causes me pain. So for arthritic pain it does not seem to help. All I can say is give it a try. The effects for me were immediate."
"Hi I had an dependence on alcohol for 15-10 years. I wasn&#039;t a real heavy drinker, but I drank 3 strong beers per day. Around 5 years ago it started to get to a stage were I went to work drunk, started early in the morning. I felt so ill. Went to my Dr who got me in touch with a local rehab daily centre. Went every week for a year.  I had to fight to get camprol as they wouldn&#039;t prescribe it cause all my blood and liver came back quite good, which was a surprise. I started taking it, been taking it for over a year. It has totally changed my life. I feel new again. My family my life is back. I&#039;ve lost 3 stone. Got new job. only side affects I get are a bit of nausea and light headedness. I can live with that. Try it"
"I&#039;ve only started my second month of Levora, but the nausea is so bad that I&#039;m going back to Lutera. The nausea/vomiting was present for the first week that I started it. Granted, after that first week, it worked great for me by reducing my cramps/flow (as well as regulating my period--my original reason for trying Levora), but after beginning again after the placebo week, the nausea came back in force. As one who is a weenie when it comes to nausea, I will certainly not be taking it again! On a smaller note, I seem to be more emotional and likely to cry than normal."
"At first the pill was great, helped with the bleeding and regulate my period.  Then I slowly began getting depressed and I had to stop taking this pill. I&#039;ve never felt this way in my life, I just want to lay in bed all day. I miss school and work; not healthy, totally not like me."
"My doctor gave me this for a sciatic nerve issue I had for months. It is the only thing that worked."
"I didn&#039;t experience a crazy increase in appetite, however I did gain motivation that I previously didn&#039;t have to go to the gym and lift weights which helped me put my weight back on. Side effects for me included slight numbness of the tongue and I feel like I mumble a lot because of that.  Side effects do not bother me due to the fact that I feel so much better because of the medicine."
"Very Dry mouth, does not seem to help much, still have depression.  Plus the constipation is bad."
"Works well, does it&#039;s job, but be warned, for the first few days - week, the side effects are freaking horrible. I was on Wellbutrin for a half a year, but got off due to having a rare side effect (muscle &amp; joints hurting). Trying Strattera now, and as far as I can tell, it&#039;s very nice. Thoughts are organized, and I feel more relaxed (which is good because I might have anxiety - still being determined), none the less I get a lot more things done. Side effects are a bloody nightmare - hang in there! They do go away! I started on only 25MG and for 4 days I was nauseous &amp; had to lay down from time to time, couldn&#039;t stop sleeping, &amp; my eyes were hurting... weird... I went up to 50MG, and again, the same symptoms."
"I have had nocturnal seizures since the age of 7. I am now 35 years old I have been on every medication I can think of. I even had a VNS put in that did absolutely nothing for me. I have been in Vimpat for a year now is like my little blue magic pill add soon as I started it my seizures went away. I&#039;m also on Carbamanzepine and phenobarbital I&#039;m slowly weaning off of the phenobarbital. I have had weight gain but that is it , lately 2 nights if sleep loss but that could be due to some other changes. I&#039;ve always had memory problems like going into a room and forgetting what I was getting so that Doesn&#039;t bother me at all to me this is a life saver. I have been seizure free for the longest time in my entire life."
"I had a increase in suicidal thought. Mood became dark and dangerous. Self harm could no longer be controlled. Burning sensation in mouth. Avoid for sake of your health."
"Hey guys my name is Daniel and I&#039;m 22 years old. I just want to start of by telling u a little of my 4 years of hell I been through. First of I was 18 when I started having panic attacks for NO reason. One night I just woke up with it and didn&#039;t even know what was happening to me, I thought of course I was dying or having a heart attack. Sure enough I was healthy and had all the test ran and of course was dignozed with General Anxiety. Then the fun started, (btw I find it very helpful to talk about these horrible illness in a joking way to teach myself they aren&#039;t going to kill me only make life a little more difficult) I had horrible Anxiety attacks and life as I knew it was just impossible."
"I used Lacrisert 3 times and on the third and final use I experienced extreme adverse reaction that has caused blurred vision that has never improved. 
The pain and vision loss was so bad I was seen in the emergency room triage. 
The nurse stating &quot;This drug has messed your eyes up &quot;
I was given two injections to counter act the drug and one for pain. 
I now live with one eye that will not open completely ,near constant blurred vision to the point I am unable to do anything for up to 10 hours at times. 
My right eye wanders around independent of the left eye. 
An opaque film almost constantly until I can clear it with preservative free Over the counter eye drops. 
This is an incredibly expensive way, but the only way to gain any relief"
"Geodon has been a life saver.  It took awhile to get the right dose and know when to take it (AM versus PM), but I am doing great now.  I take it in the evening and still have morning grogginess after several months.  My doctor prescribed Provigil which really helps (although costly).  I take the Geodon in conjunction with Lamictal.  I have less agitation and find (at least my family finds) that I am much less hostile than before.  Do be careful in the heat as I got very sick from overheating and follow instructions and do not drink alcohol.  One pina colada felt like a whole case of beer."
"Was on Benicar HCT for years with only moderate results and bad gout side-effects. Doctor insisted on continuing the Benicar HCT and subscribed Allopurinol for the gout and a powerful pain killer for the attacks. Changed Doctors and she changed me to Azor with wonderful results.  Blood pressure is now consistently in the 105-115/65-75 range, I&#039;m sleeping better, love my new Doctor and best of all...no gout !"
"I am now just over 3 weeks in from starting on metformin and have increased to 1000mg a day, possibly increasing to 1500mg a day tomorrow, I have lost my first stone but I must make it clear that I feel that this is more due to my diet than the metformin, I have been calorie counting with the help of an app and know that I am coming up to my difficult time where I always struggle with my diet at about this stage. I have also been taking provera to try and regulate my bleeding which unfortunately isn&#039;t yet giving me the desired effects, I am currently suffering a lot of cramps and heavy bleeding but am trying hard to stick with it by focusing on what I want at the end of all this which is hopefully a successful pregnancy and a healthy baby."
"For Insomnia; I tried a 10mg and I was knocked out cold sleeping for my 8 hours right through the night worked amazing, so happy to find this instead of my dr having me taking 2mg lorazepam to sleep. Now I can stop the prescription and stick to a healthier way of sleeping.
I find this works great highly recommended for sure."
"I was addicted to pain killers for about 8 years. I tried cold turkey and outpatient treatment. That worked for a while but I found myself right back. I heard about Suboxone. I found a Dr. (I had no insurance) and made an appointment. I won&#039;t lie to you, it isn&#039;t easy. You have to go cold turkey for at least 24 hours before you take the medicines, and then you feel a lot better. After a week or so I felt great! With this medicine I got my life back. It saved me. I was on it for about a year and half. One warning when you do finally come off Suboxone.. It&#039;s hard it&#039;s about a month withdrawal. Totally worth it in my opinion."
"Azor 5/20 has been excellent for me with no side effects at all and has controlled my blood pressure wonderfully."
"Great for dental pain. Toradol was better than the narcotics prescribed (Lortab) for managing the pain."
"Excellent.  Cleared up large acne blemishes in less time than expected. Within two weeks, skin was significantly clearer. Side effects were minimal. No red or dry patches."
"Starts to work after the first dose. I have taken this for ear infections as well as sinus and chest infections and it is always very effective. Symptoms start to ease in around 12 hrs and are almost completely gone with 48 to 72 hrs. Always finish your entire prescription though to help avoid antibiotic resistant bacteria and to stop the infection from returning. Only downfall is that it can upset your stomach so always take it with food. Depending on your condition, you might need to use other medications or remedies along with amoxicillin to ease other symptoms. Some pharmacies offer this on their $4 prescription plans."
"The medicine caused my hands and feet to burn and also caused joint pain in those areas.  It really did help my indigestion but I can&#039;t cope with the side effects.  It took a couple months for the side effects to show up."
"I am a student.  Was having sudden sleep blackouts when reading, or sitting in lecture. Also &quot;brownouts&quot; where, for example, listening to someone talk, I suddenly shut down and &quot;sleep&quot; but they think I am wide awake. Brownouts not good for driving! So, first day I took it, I read 3 chapters for a test that was two hours away. I stayed alert, and RETAINED every bit. No more blackouts or brownouts. Headache for the first week or so. Also, for the first few days, I hardly slept. Even stayed up all night a few times. I have learned to tweak it a bit, break the tablets, take a small amount at first and more later if I need it, but not overdo it. No changes in personality, other than being more competent at life."
"Taking 50mg&#039;s at night and I still get up 2 x&#039;s a night and my mouth gets very dry."
"I have only been on 100mg on Monocycline for about a week and a half and have shown such improvements! I have had some acne on and off and for about 8 years, and it is so annoying it never goes away! I finally went to the dermatologist and begged for Accutane. They started the Procedures and said that I will need another month to get all my tests done. Since then my acne has improved a ton!! I don&#039;t even think I will need Accutane."
"Great medicine. It works perfectly and I don&#039;t feel like I need to increase dosage over time."
"39 years old, The 1st few days, no change, Urologist put me on 25 mg, twice a day, it made me so drowsy &amp; thirsty, only took 1 pill at night, on the 14th day is when I had no more pressure or frequency on my bladder, I was back to normal, so I made the mistake of drinking coffee, huge mistake! Took medication the next day, this time morning &amp; night, symptoms disappeared, I suggest taking Prelief before drinking coffee or any acidic food, be patient with this medicine, takes a little while to work but IT WORKS!"
"Did not work on my pain"
"I developed an awful choking phobia and the citalopram really helped me deal with my anxiety/ phobia and even improve things . I haven&#039;t fully recovered yet but so happy with my recovery regardless. I am sure part of this was the drug which seemed to suppress my anxiety subconsciously

The first 2 weeks of starting on citalopram were pretty rough. Constant nausea and heightened anxiety. I had a few panic attacks which is a side effects initially ( the irony ) and also teeth clenching was pretty noticeable at first which calmed down

I still get night sweats regularly which is definitely this medication. It&#039;s annoying but a common side effect noted amongst users. Definitely worthy trade off for its effects though. Overall very happy with it"
"I&#039;m surprised to see so many people having sleep issues. I spent two weeks on about three hours of sleep before I started taking the drug (that&#039;s three hours total, not three hours a night).  Now I take it at bedtime and I have a hard time sleeping without it."
"I suffer from generalized anxiety and abused alcohol heavily for over a year for sleep and stress reduction. When ready to quit, I was terrified of withdrawal, my doctor prescribed 300mg, 3x a day. So far, so good. I&#039;ve been on it for a month and have noticed really helps my anxiety. Sober just three days but feeling okay! Some precautions: Experiencing a little weight gain and notice an increased appetite an hour after I take this medication. Also I notice when I miss a dose almost immediately. Good luck! It&#039;s worth it!"
"I was on every pain medicine imaginable and even Oxycontin for a few years. At first I thought it was the &#039;wonder medicine&#039; people talk about. After a while though, it caused me more problems than it was worth. The strange thing was, if I took the normal (prescribed) dose, I would actually feel like I had more pain than if I didn&#039;t take it at all, so I was always trying to take more because if I didn&#039;t take it I had withdrawals. Then I was always caught trying to take more to avoid the pain or the withdraw. I finally got away from that and started taking methadone. A very small dose of methadone does fine with absolutely no side affects, no withdrawals if I don&#039;t need it that day, and no chasing the pain away."
"I love Xanax. I wish I could take it daily but my doctor won&#039;t prescribe it to me for daily use, because she doesn&#039;t want me to get addicted to it.  I only take Xanax on rare occasions, when I was extremely distraught.  It made me feel better instantly. I&#039;ve only taken 25 mg, but that was more than enough to make everything seem great.  I was aware that my problems still existed, but I wasn&#039;t overwhelmed by them.  It made me feel warm and happy.  I&#039;ve taken other drugs before and Xanax is by far, the best choice."
"UPDATE I started phentermine 1 month ago and have gone down from 250lbs to 229lbs. I exercise 3-4 times a week for an hr usually 25min of T25 and 35 mins or more walking/running my cardio has gotten much better since I started and I can admit I think I&#039;ve become a workout junky. If I don&#039;t exercise for a day or two I feel guilty. Anyhow I&#039;ve also changed my diet completely. I&#039;m on the low carbs diet and it is&#039;nt so bad one cheat day which is Sunday and I count calories also I still eat bread but only 100% wheat bread hopefully once I reach my goal weight which is 139lbs I can keep my exercise and WEIGHT."
"I have dry eye because of pterygium on my eyes from the sun. For about 2 years I have been using over the counter drops at least 6 times a day and very little help. Eyes hurt and irritated all the time, and hard to open my eyes in the morning. I started using xiidra 2 months ago and eyes are back to feeling great again. The burning is just about gone and a little bad taste but worth it. Thank you so much."
"I was very skeptical, but did ended up getting Viagra. I can&#039;t recommend these pills enough. I feel like a man all over again. Thank you Viagra."
"Very affective for anxiety, but made me so tired I had to switch."
"I&#039;ve gone through most of my adult life not knowing that I have ADHD. After finding that I had literally every single symptom. As my doctor said, Whoa!  You&#039;re off the chart here! I&#039;ve been taking 20mg for a month now. Some of my symptoms bother me. Forgetting what I was talking about mid sentence, going into a room forgetting what I was there for. All in all though, I call this medicine a miracle. I hate thinking about how much of my life I&#039;ve missed out on before this. I was in school to be a Pharmacy Tech. I dropped out within a month, because I just couldn&#039;t keep up, or focus. I feel good now. My insurance at first weren&#039;t filling it. My doctor had to call the insurance co, they approved it for a year.

My doctors appointment to check how this medicine dosage is working. I think I need to go up a bit. I don&#039;t have annoying side effects"
"I sustained a severe concussion several months ago and could not sleep afterwards due to the injury to my brain.  It would take hours to fall asleep, only to wake up every 90 minutes and have another hour to fall back asleep.  Since the brain heals while you are sleeping, my concussion symptoms (stuttering, speech/language problems, memory loss, headaches, dizziness/vertigo) kept getting worse.   My Dr prescribed Belsomra, and gave me specific instructions: take it 1/2 hour before  bed, no screens for an hour before bed, no heavy meals after 7pm.  I started with 7.5 mg and then moved up to 10 mg a few weeks later.  My sleep is amazing, and I started to heal.  Had some funny dreams but didn&#039;t mind.  Down to 3x/wk. I am so grateful for this medicine!"
"Tried this product twice to get rid of redness in my eyes. Each time just after applying my eyes started to burn and pretty much felt like this product gave me every symptom it was supposed to cure. My eyes felt terrible and where hard to open at first, but subsided after few minutes."
"In late 2007 I was diagnosed with degenerative disc disease with several herniated discs and was prescribed Lyrica 75 mg x 3 a day and after 3 or 4 days the pain was gone. Jan of 2008 I had Spinal Fusion Surgery on c6 c7 because the Herniated Disc had my spine squeezed down to smaller than a cigarette (7mm). After surgery and weaning off of Narcotics (hydrocodone) after about 6 months the pain came back worse than before.  Doctor wouldn&#039;t give me Lyrica again and eventually was taking 120mg Hydrocodone or more per day and still in pain and couldn&#039;t sleep. After switching to Pain Management Doc I began Lyrica again (225mg x 3 per day) Doesn&#039;t help as much as before but still much better. No side effects other than hard to concentrate."
"I have been on Tramadol 50mg for a number of years due to RLS, I take two at night only.

It now is a controlled drug, to which only half the amount is prescribed."
"I feel extremely tired and I have mood swings but it really helps me feel less sick and I&#039;ve stopped constantly gaining weight"
"I am a 58 year old woman who entered menopause at 40.  I have dealt with severe dispariunia, vaginal atrophy and dryness for years now.  I have tried everything on the market.  My doctor has given me prescriptions for creams, HRT, suppositories, none of which gave me anything but temporary relief.  Intercourse has been extremely painful and difficult.
After talking to my doctor at length, I decided to try it.
I noticed a significant difference within 5 days.  I was nearly pain free during intercourse!
Then the headaches began.  A dull, consistent ache in the right side of my head.  There was also intermittent nausea.  This medication is a God send IF you don&#039;t suffer any side effects.  Unfortunately, I can no longer take Osphena."
"I have had the Nexplanon since October &#039;14. I have to say I love and hate it at the same time. My first 3 months were hellish, with mood swings and depression. I can&#039;t say if I bled much during this time. I have extremely irregular periods (like maybe 3-4 a year). I did gain about 10 pounds but have been overweight to begin with so I didn&#039;t notice it much. The mood swings and depression were so bad I did contemplate taking it out. But now that I gotten past those months I love it! My emotions have gotten back under control. I have no bleeding. I can still tell when a &quot;period&quot; is coming on. I will still get the weird sweet/salty craving that I had normally, but no cramps or blood. Each body is different."
"I&#039;ve been taken parnate for 8wks now. It has helped my depression,ptsd tremondsly. I started off at 20mgs, and now im at 30mgs. I follow the strict diet and don&#039;t allow myself to have anything with tyramine. (Maybe I&#039;m a little to cautious?) The side effects that I can&#039;t stand But I tolerate...are bp drop, dizzy almost fall over,extreme fatique when parnate is supposed to give you energy. I will stay in a place for some time like I have no ambition. I have lost a lot of weight on parnate. That has to be the best side effect! :) Rarely have a appetite, nor do i care to Drink anything half the time. I wish I knew what to do so I don&#039;t get those horrible dizzy spells. They happen maybe 5 or more times a day. And I have to hold on to the wall."
"I have only taken one pill so far. The first night I experienced insomnia, dry mouth, and all day I couldn&#039;t eat. I guess it&#039;s acting as an appetite suppressant for me. I also have been extremely irritable. I am 22 years old and have been smoking for 5 years. I am a 1 1/2 pack smoker a day, and JUST after 1 pill, my smoking cravings are cut in half. Will continue to take."
"This message is for anyone out there right now reading this. I am a 32 year old father of four with a wonderful wife. Good career/nice home. I had no reason to feel depressed/stress/panic/ anxiety however, a few months ago it happened and all started with first panic attack on night of my birthday. I fought doctors advice and tried to only take Xanax as needed all the while the symptoms became worse. After 3 long months I broke down and took my first Zoloft. 2 weeks later I am me again. Going places/eating/enjoying/laughing/living. This is the medicine you need/TAKE IT/don&#039;t think about it/TAKE IT. Your life will come back and only memories of panic/anxiety. Your brain is off balance due to stress. You need this medicine to correct it."
"I have been taking this medication for 2 months and let me tell you how stupid I am. DO NOT EVER LEAVE YOUR MEDICATION IN THE HEAT OR HUMIDITY.  I kept leaving my medication in my car because I didn&#039;t want my girlfriend&#039;s brother to steal it. When Xyrem is left out in the heat it becomes less effective. If my narcolepsy is not treated I become severely bi-polar to the lack of sleep. I almost had to go to the mental hospital before I read a note in my new package proclaiming Xyrems ineffectiveness due to heat. Low and behold, I took my new batch of Xyrem last night and felt decent this morning."
"This is the 4th anti-hypertensive I&#039;ve tried and I am happy so far.  NO side effects, I feel great! Glad I checked here for reviews before trying this medication."
"I&#039;ve been taking mononessa for 10 months and I need help. My periods been crazy I start then stop in two days. Then in 3 weeks I start again ugh. Am I the only one out there that it happens to?
"
"I had moderate acne and got put on epiduo and lymecycline anti-biotics. It has been 13 weeks and my acne is a lot better than it was at the start, but I still get pimples and have a lot of scarring and hyper pigmentation which will take time to fade. For the first 5 weeks my skin got a lot worse and I had more acne than when I first started the treatment. Gradually between 9 and 12 weeks my breakouts were becoming less often and overall I would recommend Epiduo if you can stick out the initial 5-6 weeks which are difficult."
"Been on Latuda for 2 months and for the first time in years I feel happy and content plus I&#039;m not flip flopping between mad confusion to hyperactive depression anymore.  It gives me that second to think before I react and that has been all the time I need to see where I could go down the angry paranoid path or CHOOSE to take another route.  My anxiety is almost gone with or without benzo&#039;s. I smile and have a positive outlook on things now.  The only reason I didn&#039;t give it a 10 is as of now it creates a very uncomfortable energy almost like I can&#039;t keep still.  So worth it to me I can deal with that.  I have been on all the anti crazy and bat shit loony meds out there and this so far has been the best."
"I started Qysmia in December 2016 and had the finger and toe numbness, trouble sleeping and anxiety but that only lasted the first 10 days or so. In the past year I&#039;ve lost 50 lbs and that&#039;s without a ton of changes. I noticed a huge change in my appetite. I wasn&#039;t someone that overate to begin with which was why my weight was frustrating but now I notice I have to make an effort to eat meals because I&#039;m rarely hungry. I have plenty of energy to do everything I need to do. I am at my initial goal weight but now looking to go an extra 10lbs lighter. If I add moderate exercise, the weight comes off quick which was impossible before Qysmia. I highly recommend this! It&#039;s tough the first 2 weeks but past that, it&#039;s been super easy for me."
"This is the BEST avenue to take for an emergency. Me and my boyfriend had an accident during unprotected sex and I took the pill within 24 hrs. Got my period on time (just one day late). It may delay your period from a day to a few weeks and the waiting for your period could be crucial, trust me I know, BUT it works. Now breath and go eat some chocolate."
"I&#039;m on week 1 5mg. It gave my life back.
On day 7 my anxiety is like non existence.
Giving it a 9 since I might not have reached the therapeutic level yet."
"I smoked for 20 years. I tried everything, zyban, patches, gum, hypnosis, vaping, etc. I had no problem making it a few days and a few times I even lasted a month, but I could never make it stick. I thought I could never quit. Chantix worked. Don&#039;t get me wrong, the side affects are awful. I had horrible, vivid nightmares. It also gave me painful stomach cramps and made me nauseous with the first 30 minutes of taking them (I found that taking the pills with a glass of milk helped). I&#039;m glad I stuck with it though. I ended up taking the pills for about 3 months. Stopped smoking about 1 week in. It has now been almost 2 years smoke free. I still have the occasional craving ( maybe once a week) but they pass within a few minutes."
"I have been on Lexapro for over 4 yrs after going into a deep depression after several traumatic life experiences. I am very grateful for Lexapro and my therapist (who helps me with coping techniques.) After being on Lexapro my family has told me they are not sure how to take the new me. When I was upset I would have anxiety attacks and black out. When I was angry I was uncontrollable sometimes even physical with my love ones. The sad part is I did not even know they were happening or happened until they told me. I wish I had gotten help sooner but now I am grateful and blessed for Lexapro and therapy. Every medicine is not right for everyone so you need to find the one that fits you along with therapy."
"I started this for depression and insomnia, mostly the insomnia.  When I first started taking this I pretty much slept 3 days straight. I have not noticed any difference in my depression or anxiety during the day and am 15 pounds heavier. I want to stop taking this but my doctor won&#039;t replace it with anything else to help me sleep. I am hungry constantly, I can&#039;t stop eating. It would be worth it if it helped my depression and anxiety. "
"I started contrave in April, 2015 and I have lost 80 lbs. I weighed 260!  I am a firm believer of this medicine.  I had to stop taking it because they changed manufacturers from Takada to Orexigen and the price went from  $60 to over $90. I am on medicare and have no other insurance to help the cost. I wanted to lose about 20 more pounds or so, but since this happened I pray that I won&#039;t gain the weight back.  So far on Contrave I have not gained any on the weight I lost, but I can tell a difference now that I have stopped taking it.  It scares me, I don&#039;t want to gain weight!! Good luck to everyone, maybe we all can get together and contact this new manufacturer and get them to lower the price!!"
"Friday 2-10-17 I was rushed by ambulance due to respiratory acidosis. I was intubated and stayed in ICU because I took xanex, baclofen, Oxycodone, and clonazepam in conjunction with Geodon. It says do not mix this medicine with those medicines. I did exactly what the Dr told me to do. You have to do your own homework. Be safe."
"Im 19 years old and have had acne since about the 6th grade (age 11). About a month ago I went to a new dermatologist who took one look at me and said shes going to prescribe me Retin-A.  I told her that I tried that and she said Aczone was the last one she could think of that could possibly help me.  So far after three weeks my forehead and left cheek has cleared up (but I still have acne scars).  The right cheek doesn&#039;t seem to be getting better or worse, the pimples I had went away and others came. Hoping for more results with time."
"Worked for 5 yrs with steadily increasing doses. At 120 mg things started to turn and depression  worsened. It took over 2 months to come off it, with terrible  side effect  including  migraines."
"I have used this product for every YI I have had. No problems any of the times until right now. I had IMMENSE itching like no other driving me crazy out of no where. This time, opposed to the others, I used some of the cream that came with it and I believe that was the problem. I used one of the wipes that came with,as well, to remove it and the itching has decreased greatly. Now its very minimal plus slight burning."
"I was prescribed this for use with my clonazepam in treating my panic disorder. I had three days of almost nonstop panic attacks before I went to my doctor. My doctor thought that there may be some depression as well and that the fluoxetine would work well with clonazepam if there was any depression with my anxiety. I took the medication for two months and noticed no advantages compared with clonazepam alone. "
"Requip was life changing for a year!  But like others have commented, my RLS has been getting a lot worse.  I have discovered that this is a rather common side effect of this drug.  Before requip I used to have 3-4 bad nights a week.  Now if I don&#039;t have access to the medication I don&#039;t sleep at all, and the medication is working less and less.  I don&#039;t know if it has been worth it."
"Immediately after taking Miralax I had a breakout of rash (clusters of small red bumps) on my knees and elbows.  It lasted for two weeks.  I read other sites and many have complained about rash breakouts all over their bodies.  

I&#039;d rather take down plain old physlium husks."
"Finished my 2 weeks and I&#039;ve lost approximately 9 lbs. I&#039;m motivated since I&#039;ve lost NO weight in the last ten years. Tomorrow I start the higher dose (7.5-46mg), so we&#039;ll see how it goes. Side effects still minimal. Appetite definitely suppressed. Made it thru Turkey day w/o binging. Keeping to my 1200 calories about 90-95% of the time."
"I now take Fiorinal with codeine for headaches that are so bad, it was difficult to function day to day.  These work extremely well for headaches and thanks to them, I am now able to function throughout each day, headache free.  Thank you."
"I haven&#039;t felt this normal in 30 years best antidepressant I have ever taken. No side effects been on for about month and half I love Viibyrd."
"I started my period in March. It&#039;s been mostly light bleeding but on Friday it got pretty heavy. By Tuesday I was in the ER because I was just passing softball sized ball every single time I stood up. I went to see my obgyn today and he prescribed me with provera. Prior to taking it, I was still passing huge clots and just overall felt miserable. I&#039;ve barely had an appetite and just felt so tired. Within two hours of taking this pill, I could feel the difference. I had more energy, I don&#039;t feel stabbing pain in my lower back from cramps, and I don&#039;t feel like a waterfall is going to come pouring out of me when I stand up. I know this is only the first day and I still have 13 days to go on this pill, but so far it&#039;s been amazing."
"I began taking Paxil in addition to Celexa two years ago when I was 16. It is not bad--no stomach aches, weight gain, or horrible headaches--but I have noticed the total disappearance of my sex drive. Totally gone. This might be because of the Celexa as well. Not sure. I was taking 40mg Celexa, 20mg Paxil, 1 mg Ativan, and occasionally trazodone or doxepine to sleep, for a while and when I cut my dosage in half over the summer, I was a mess. Constant migraines and irritability. So I suggest that if you use Paxil, be careful to come off it slowly."
"I am on the 3rd day on this medication. After just one pill, my mood became much better, but the downside is that it causes insomnia and when I fell a sleep finally, I have nightmares. The dry mouth bothers me the most, because it causes bad breath. Also, in the afternoon I get so tired, I have to sleep when I am not working and I sleep a lot, like 3-4 hours."
"At first it wasn&#039;t working, but the closer I got to finishing the pills it was clearing up.  I made sure I ate before I took the pill to avoid getting sick. It made me extremely sleepy though."
"I have been on hydrocodone for about 7 years and when my doctor took me off it I went through terrible withdrawals so I went to the ER and the doctor prescribed
clonidine and I tell you this it is heaven sent. I don&#039;t feel the withdrawals. "
"I have been in it for 3 days and I am noticing the bloating that some have mentioned. However, since my bp was 200/154 when I was taken to the hospital and it&#039;s now 143/112 I&#039;ll take the bloating if I must to still be here with my kids. (I&#039;m only 35yrs old, but under major stress, which is what my Dr. believes caused such dangerous bp levels.)"
"Works well for managing blood pressure with no noticeable side effects. It is expensive compared to generics though. Current price with insurance discount is about $57."
"I&#039;m 42, highly successfully in my career and family life but always thought I had ADD or ADHD .  I got decent grades in high school and college but always felt like it was a struggle  and I would have to beat myself up for hours with guilt and fear of failure to produce even passing results.  After 20 years, I&#039;ve decided to actually do something about it.  I tried both Adderall and Vyvanse and Vyvanse is superior because it&#039;s less harsh.  I&#039;ve benefited from it but it does make me anxious..  I take Ativan to help with that..  I&#039;m also on Brintellix. I hate being on tons of meds but if I can increase my quality of life and be a better person it&#039;s worth it.  "
"This is the best medication ever. I have been using it since 1999."
"Most awesome medicine I&#039;ve ever been prescribed. I can focus, I am not irritable. I feel like I have a life now. Thank you Vyvanse."
"I just got my kyleena IUD 2 days ago so far I&#039;ve been really crampy &amp; also nauseous not only that I know they say you are not suppose to feel the iud but I swear when I bend I can feel it so idk if its just my body trying to adjust to it or what but so far I am very uncomfortable. The procedure seemed to take forever to me but so far I&#039;m gonna give it a month to see how it acts I really hope it helps with my heavy crampy periods."
"I have had a terrible cough for over 3 weeks and finally got put on Benzonatate and it didn&#039;t work a bit. :( lonzengers worked better!"
"It works better than any other medicine I have tried.  Down side is the itching, which is caused by its negative effect on the liver.  Therefore, I do not take it everyday.  I have to wait a day or so in between."
"I used to take the Advair in Diskus form. I couldn&#039;t breath in fast to get enough med so they switched me to the aerosol type Advair. This one works well for me. The thing is, some Drs do not tell you you MUST rinse your entire mouth and gargle after every use. It can cause thrush, which is awful, and voice loss, hoarseness, coughing, and mouth sores too if you leave residue within the mouth or throat. This has a corticosteroid in it so please rinse well! Avoid side effects. It will help you breath because its a beta antagonist blocker or something, which relaxes the lung muscle. Take care of your mouth! I have dentures so I must rinse even MORE but never had thrush in 9 years over it and can breath easier now."
"I took Yaz when I started developing cystic acne whenever my period was close. It completely cleared up my face after 1 one month. For 1 year, I was symptom free, but afterwards started developing severe lethargy a week before my period. It would be so bad that I would just be walking around in a haze. I fell asleep in class, couldn&#039;t concentrate and worst of all, I couldn&#039;t drive in fear I&#039;d crash. However, after my period started, this would go away. My breasts went from an A cup to a B cup as well. I eventually stopped taking Yaz due to the hazy PMS symptoms. My skin stayed clear until this very day. This pill changed my acne for the better for life. Couldn&#039;t be happier with the choice."
"I took myself off birth control a year ago and felt better than I have in years. I developed an ovarian cyst and my Gyno strongly recommended birth control for treatment. I was very hesitant/concerned about going back on birth control, particularly because I have been training for a marathon. The first month I was on Beyaz, my symptoms were mild and my cyst went away, but 2 months and 3 months went by and my symptoms got much worse. Depression, weight gain, no sex drive and my marathon training went downhill fast."
"I&#039;ve struggled with alcoholism for over 20 Years. I&#039;ve recently began taking Gabapentin &amp; found that it does seem to alleviate &amp;/or calm the  nervousness associated with alcohol withdrawal."
"Effexor is the only medicine that helps my depression. Only side effect, was sexual dysfunction but now that is completely gone. I take 187.5mg a day."
"I was addicted to nose spray, its actually more common then you think. After using normal nose spray for so long it made my membranes in my nose swell every time I didn&#039;t use it. The doctor gave me this to use and I could breathe again without the use of nose spray!"
"This worked great on my sinus problems, however, it caused such horrible back pain that I had to quit taking it."
"I had surgery (third laparoscopic procedure for endometriosis) the Skyla was inserted while I was under anesthesia.  So I did not feel the actual insertion. I had Mirena at my OBGYN&#039;s office without taking anything prior and it was fairly uncomfortable.  That said I have no history of pregnancy and a very high threshold for pain. Skyla has been in for roughly three and a half months. My first two periods were fairly normal. And the third was noticeably lighter.  Hopefully they&#039;ll vanish! (Mine did w the Mirena). Now the bad stuff--Cystic Acne. First month was HELLISH. Super painful cystic acne in my chin and some along my jawline and forehead.  So bad they required cortisone injections by my derm. I&#039;m now on spironalactone: improved."
"The best sleep and no side effects"
"I have had this birth control since april of 2012; having it changed last year. I have my own bouts of anxiety and depression so that may contribute to some of my issues. But I can say that; I have gained a lot of weight since being on this birth control; even when I was walking 10 miles a day and barely eating I only lost like 15 pounds at most; I started off at 155 with this implant after having my son. Once I started being more active I made it to 140; Now, after just 4 months of not walking 10 miles a day but still being active I am up to 171 lbs. It&#039;s ridiculous. I plan on having the copper IUD inserted soon. I also have trouble with breaking out a lot, mood swings, and a non-existent sex drive."
"Hi I&#039;m Grace, 
    I&#039;ve been taking lamotrigine for about six months now&hellip; I absolutely despise it&hellip; it really doesn&#039;t work for my epilepsy I have been trying to get it changed for months now but my neurologist is hard to get appointments with. I still have my seizures at least 5 times a day and because it really doesn&#039;t work it&#039;s hard to remember to take it sometimes but I almost always take it. It also made me gain some weight and not be able to lose it. I don&#039;t recommend this medicine "
"Ok I&#039;ve started contrave first day . I hope it helps me like the others. I&#039;m 52 and my wt is 168 (to much for my short self) . I also had a total hysterectomy at the age of 33. I&#039;m 36 now with thyroid issues too so I need some help. I hope it helps me ."
"I have had this in for about 2.5 years. It works in that I have not gotten pregnant.  I have a very light period for 1-2 weeks every month or so.  Sometimes 6 weeks in between &#039;periods,&#039;  sometimes only 2 weeks. It&#039;s very unpredictable, can ruin a lot of &#039;underclothes&#039;. Also, I cannot get back to my pre-birth control weight. I used to weigh an athletic 145 with a diet of whatever I felt like eating and exercise 4 days a week.  Maybe its age, but now 2.5 years later, I can exercise 6 days a week for  twice as long, and watch what I eat and am stuck at 154."
"I used Lexapro about ten years ago for a year and went back on it a couple months ago. For a couple days at the start, I felt a bit of pressure in my head--a mild squeezing sensation--but nothing too bad. Now, no side effects at all and I&#039;m feeling decidedly better. The constant feeling of dread is gone and my thinking is clearer. A wonderful help. I&#039;m not worried about going off it eventually. Last time I just tapered down. I had some vivid dreams, but that was it."
"I have been taking Phentermine for 20 days now and I have never felt better! I am 21 years old I started out at 289 Lbs and is of today I&#039;m 274 lb with that being said I have done a total life change. I quit eating fast food, and any sweets, no soda or energy drinks, and the hardest one for me is I have dropped from drinking around 30 beers a week to my limit or 2 a week. It has been hard but I know it is totally worth it! The only side effect I have seen is my blood pressure seems to by high for the first couple hours I take it."
"Geodon was a lifesaver at first. But after three months, I have developed leg twitches. I&#039;m going to see my doctor on Wednesday to find out how to get off this medication. The twitching is awful."
"Get out of breath easily without any exertion, tired and can fall asleep just sitting in a chair, swelling of feet and ankles."
"I&#039;m only on day 2 of one pill in the morning. I have been loopy, tired and jittery both days. all day. Dry mouth is manageable but I was so nervous driving I did not go out today at all.

I&#039;m 52, 5 &#039;10&quot; and 175lb with hypertension, high cholesterol and pre diabetes. I have a few more days in me but may have to do this on my own if I can&#039;t shake the high feelings."
"I was prescribed this for a mood disorder they couldn&#039;t pin down (didn&#039;t know where on the bipolar spectrum I fell, I suppose) as well as sleeping issues.

I became very jaded, too jaded. I didn&#039;t get any more sleep than usual, and my previously sun-sensitive skin is now showing minor allergic reactions to sunlight. I haven&#039;t been on it for years, and the allergy is still there.
It did nothing for me and just made it harder for me to operate in the typically diurnal society of today. Not a positive experience."
"I have suffered from major depression since I was a child and my psychiatrist put me on Abilify 10mg after a suicide attempt. This medicine has helped me tremendously! I actually have energy and motivation now and without Abilify I don&#039;t know where I would be today. The only side effect I have noticed is some shaking but not to bad. I told my psychiatrist about it and she put me on Cogentin 1mg which helps alot with the shaking! I would definitely recommend this medicine!"
"Ladies..MY DOCTOR SUGGESTED THIS! I am 15 weeks pregnant with a mild YI and my OB told me to buy this stuff instead of being seen. First day was slight hell, second day was in hell and last night..oh last night was like satans breath on my whoha. My poor husband had to hold my hand while I squeezed it to nothing. I have never been in that much pain and I&#039;ve gone through natural childbirth! Luckily my vagina walls were awesome and pushed most of it out but for the next 2 hours I was sitting in the tub crying. No yeast infection in the world is worse then this. My OB is getting a call from me on Monday."
"I was on the shot my first in December of &#039;13, next was due in March &#039;14. Barely had a period but when I did it would last 15 days straight then I switched to the pill and since I&#039;ve taken it I&#039;ve had a period non stop. Before any birth control my period would last 3 days. I stopped taking birth control all together it caused back pain, cramps, headaches. It was supposed to help cysts but I&#039;d rather go through that pain then with this."
"Just start on 5 Oct at 278lb - been tracking food and exercise in fitnesspal. Minor side effects that pass quickly. I asked doctor for this as it contains buprion which I was on nearly 16 years ago. I lost weight while on that and was able to maintain for some time. Due to lifestyle changes, stress, bad foot and age (51 now) I gained a lot of weight in the past 10 years and have been trying so many different ways to get control back but was not having success. Since being on contrave I feel more focused don&#039;t need to snack between meals and am already down to 272.5lb. I really hope I have the success some other have had - good luck to everyone whose fighting to control their weight it&#039;s hard for some of us but not impossible"
"I&#039;ve had it for almost 2 years and have not became pregnant...so yes, it is effective..at a cost. My sex drive is gone and it&#039;s making my life horrible! My moods are  ridiculous. I have depression, anxiety irrability. Patience...what patience?! My weight is up and down I feel bloated. I get pregnancy symptoms; cravings. Really bad headaches and abdominal pain. I thought it would eventually subside but NOPE! Less than a week until removal...so so happy!"
"I got pregnant while on this damn Xulane patch. Not effective for me at all.."
"Only side effect I had was fatigue. 1st viral load test was clear! I have sever liver fibrosis which I hope begins to get better now that I am free of HCV."
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring over a year and I love it. No weight gain. No side effects. Easy to insert and remove and doesn&#039;t bother me during intercourse. Recommend it."
"After 1 week of taking Zoloft, I became depressed and had uncontrollable suicidal ideation. Never experienced anything like it. Went to ER 3 times in 2 days to protect myself. I couldn&#039;t shake the horrible urge until about 3-4 days off the medicine. I told my psych on the 4th day and she said that sometimes happens to people under 25?"
"From my experience&#039;s its worked amazingly well for my Von Willebrands disease. It makes your face flush and heat very quickly but its not that bad of a side effect. The first time I used it I was out of it for about 15 minutes and after that it never happened again."
"This did not work at all"
"I have had major health issues all year. 3 bulging discs in my neck. Got the pain somewhat masked with multiple rounds of injections, and finally burning the nerve endings in my neck so that I am no longer waking every morning in pain. I subsequently tore a ligament in my shoulder and am now having to start physical therapy and see an orthopedic doctor. I have been taking muscle relaxers as well as Hydrocodone .  Having constant pain issues for so long has made me feel depressed, all I want to do is work and sleep. Today I went to my medicine pantry and pulled out a bottle of Tramadol that I had been prescribed previously. I took one and within an hour the fog lifted and I feel 100% better! Will be taking this daily now"
"I was put on this pill to help out with my crazy emotions that I get about a week before my period. I almost done with my first 3 month dose and I have found that I have a big increase in my appetite. I have been experiencing more severe migrains and I get dizzy/lightheaded for a couple of minutes quite often. My skin has been breaking out with little pimples that are coverable but I can feel them and have never been there before. I have been on a variety of pills and this one has seemed to give me the most side effects. Since I have been on this pill I find myself getting extremely emotional about little things."
"I had my Implanon inserted approximately 2 and half months ago. I have not had a period at all, however, I have had some bizarre side effects which have become unbearable, including acne, weight gain/bloating, mood swings and feelings of depression. I plan to go back to my doctor to get the Implanon removed."
"I&#039;ve had two bad knee surgeries and was left option-less by my orthopedist so I left and went to a pain doctor. I was prescribed Celebrex after trying nearly all the other NSAIDs and have taken it for 6 months. I&#039;m not painless, but it has worked miracles from where I was, and I know when I&#039;ve forgotten to take it."
"I have suffered from Insomnia for many years. I have recently been on Trazadone with a occasional Valium.. the combination was working. But I wanted off the combination fearing I had been on them too long. My Doctor prescribed Belsomra 10 mg 1 at bedtime. HA, No freaking luck. I feel like I am taking a sugar pill. This medication is a JOKE. Normally this would have been a $300.00 trial but because of my past history I got a Pre-Auth and it was only $40.00. I to wish I could get my money back. I have now lost 2 nights sleep and can not afford another night. I am going back to my Trazadone tonight."
"I&#039;ve heard so much about topamax  and was given it for nerve pain I have heard that its infamous nickname is &quot;dope-amax&quot; which I find hilarious but have fortunately not experienced yet thank God! I have however, coined another nickname for it: &quot;skinnymax&quot; as I have been taking it one week and am wasting away on it! I have to make myself eat. My pain management doc put me on it because Lyrica and Depakote caused weight gain. I wasn&#039;t  fat to begin with. Just didn&#039;t want to go down that road. I&#039;m currently on 25mgs bid. The only other side effect besides loss of appetite is mild drowsiness. I am 5&#039;2 and last I weighed in at 115.  I haven&#039;t weighed but if I go below 105 I will have to stop. Still it is a great drug!"
"Relpax is an amazing medication that completely ceases my migraine pain, nausea and light sensitivity within an hour. I have luckily no side effects or groggy feelings.
I read that it hasn&#039;t worked for some, my doctor told me if your headaches are cluster or other then this medication will have no affect and your headache will remain. :-("
"Avoid at all costs - Weight gain is insane.  Hungry all of the time, can&#039;t stop eating even when full, and that awful feeling afterwards.  BE AWARE - coming off of this is hell, too.  Be very careful, and come off of this very slowly."
"I was recovering from alcoholism and I couldn&#039;t sleep because of inexplicable pain in my legs. I may have been masking the pain by drinking before I decided to quit. In any event, the pain was driving me crazy and after 3 months I relapsed just so I could sleep. Finally my doctor prescribed Neurontin and the pain was gone. I slept soundly and now I haven&#039;t had drink in 5 years. So you could say Neurontin saved my life."
"Took two pills yesterday still feel nauseous and light headed haven&#039;t taken any today gonna go back and get something else worked on my cellulitis it&#039;s almost gone but my body can&#039;t handle it"
"Belsomra didn&#039;t do anything for my insomnia.  I was so hopeful because Ambien was causing me to lose my short-term memory.  But Belsomra turned out to be unhelpful."
"I was on this for about a month first few weeks were great it was like I&#039;d got my life back but sadly short lived as after those weeks the acid started flaring again and by forth week very intense acid reflux that for two days I could hardly slept, as I was up both nights belching and got little sleep and kept waking up. I&#039;ve decided to come off it see my doctor on Friday for alternatives or tests as can no longer cope"
"I started taking 1 injection/mo. in July of 2017. It brought my numbers down immediately....Total cholesterol 157, HDL 58, LDL 77...not bad from where I was.  Then after the 2nd injection in August, I started getting severe pain on my right inner thigh, then left inner thigh. Kind of like an electric shock, so bad, I had to stand up right away.  I tried one more injection in Sept 2017, and then decided to stop. After 2 weeks, of being off Repatha,  the pain had gone.  It hasn&#039;t come back, but I have not had an injection since Sept 2017, and it is now Dec 5th.  Going back for blood work, and I&#039;m sure my cholesterol  will be back to 250.  I can&#039;t tolerate statins,  so I&#039;m back to square 1."
"I was on accutane for almost 2 months.  About a month and a half in, my eyes started to bother me. They were incredibly dry and it constantly felt like I had an eyelash in them. They were burning like crazy and hurt to move. I was worried I had an infection, so I went to my eye doctor. They told me both of my optic nerves were swollen and referred me to a neuro opthamologist. I was immediately taken off accutane. It has been a couple weeks since I stopped the medication and my eyes have finally stopped bothering me. If I had continued the medication, I could&#039;ve had permanent eye damage. The scariest side effects may be rare, and this drug may be a &quot;holy grail&quot; for stubborn acne, but is clear skin really worth going blind, etc?"
"Hi! I&#039;ve had fever blisters/cold sores/herpes of the mouth, etc since I was about 2 years old.So I know the horrible way it affects your self esteem. Not sure who kissed me as a baby , but may they forever burn! Ps...don&#039;t kiss your babies or let anyone else do it. I&#039;ve learned a lot about the virus and could tell you many facts, such as its really just a virus. You get it , your immune system fights it , and it dies... but not with out leaving some of its DNA in your body. If you get cold sores, the DNA lingers in a big nerve ganglia in your neck. And no you can&#039;t have it removed ,I asked! Valtrex is a life saver. Tell your doctor right away you need a script for 30 w 5 rfls. Be firm. Don&#039;t be swayed. Always have 2 on you.Take ASAP."
"I have stage 4 cirrhosis been sober 5 months. I ask for a sleep aid after months of basically no sleep as cirrhosis can cause a flip sleep cycle... I took it for a few nights 50mg and seemed not to work, so was prescribed a ambien like RX didn&#039;t work after weeks of use . Went back to original RX of this stuff stayed on it and sleep now 7 hours and yes strange dreams, And really helps with all the anxiety when trying to sleep. Once taken 30 to 60 minutes later I feel a warm glow and bam I&#039;m sleep. I haven&#039;t sleep like without booze in years"
"Not as many side effects as other antidepressants, such as Celexa."
"I wanted to write a review because before I got my IUD I did a lot of research, and want to reciprocate for others. The IUD is the greatest decision I&#039;ve ever made for my health. I personally found the insertion experience completely fine. It was mildly uncomfortable for about 30 seconds while my doctor inserted it, but I took a deep breath and was fine. I had a little bit of spotting right after. Over the following three weeks I had a mixture of light to moderate/heavy bleeding every day. This wasn&#039;t great, but it seems like a minor inconvenience compared to the years of benefits I will get from it. Over the past 6 months that I&#039;ve had it, I have had light, irregular periods. I am getting them less frequently. Mirena&#039;s great. Get it!"
"It&#039;s Mirena. Don&#039;t get it."
"Great at first. Now I&#039;ve had stomach pain for the last 3 days. I&#039;m on my 3rd patch. Not sure if I should stop or not."
"I was prescribed this medicine, 40mg twice a day. I read a lot of information before deciding to take this. I am a 40 year old black female and have had struggles for many years while in school. I decided to go back to school and also tried this to see if there was a difference. It takes a while before you notice a change in the ability to focus. When earning my 1st degree, I struggled in school, probably all my life. While on Strattera, I could sit and study for hours and not be distracted. I went from struggling to earn C&#039;s maybe a B, to Earning A&#039;s and maybe a B. I actually understood what I was studying and didn&#039;t feel like doing 3-4 other things at the same time. I stopped taking it because of an EKG that showed an irregular heart beat. A side effect."
"I have not experienced any major negative side effects except for weight gain, some skin irritation, and premature period symptoms. I recommend rotating the patch placement every few weeks. My period symptoms usually occur a couple weeks before my actual period. On the third month of usage, I gained about 5-10 pounds. It&#039;s very effective for what it&#039;s supposed to do. My partner and I did have not used any form of protection. I like the patch due to the ease of it and not having to take an oral contraceptive daily. The pros outweigh the cons."
"I had a bleed in my brain a year ago from hypertension we did not know I had. I was on 5 different blood pressure medicines and could get my blood pressure no lower then 148/88. We checked for hyperaldosterone, which I was found to have.
I started on Aldactone 25mg and saw my lower legs, stomach and even face swelling go down. My BP is 120/70 and lower. We take it daily with a hospital device. I also take Lasix three times a week. I am female 59 yrs old."
"I am only 18 years old. I have had two major hip surgeries that have been unsuccessful due to an underdeveloped right hip joint. My pain is awful. I am fine for 3 to 5 days without pain and on those days I don&#039;t take any pain killers. But on the days that my hip hurts I can&#039;t even walk on it and I need to use crutches to just get around. I am 18 and the doctor told me that this cycle may continue for years to come. He has prescribed 10-325mg norco for the pain plus 800mg of ibuprofen. The combination works very well. The larger dose of ibuprofen greatly reduces inflamation in area of pain so that the norco can relieve the pain. I highly recommend this combo for any one with sharp shooting pain coming from your back or hip and running down."
"I got on the nexplanon October 2014 and boy it sucks! I haven&#039;t got pregnant that&#039;s a good thing but sometimes I feel pregnant! These all month long periods aren&#039;t good! I feel tired through out the day but early in the morning I can&#039;t sleep. My mood swings are horrible and I feel depressed! I lost weight cause I can&#039;t eat. I&#039;m very emotional I cry over everything. This birth control isn&#039;t working for me and every woman is different so in my opinion no I wouldn&#039;t recommend it. Sometimes my arm itches where the birth control was put in at. I feel sorry for my bf cause he has to deal with a gf with mood swings!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Atorvastatin for a couple of weeks now,,,HATE IT AND WILL STOP TODAY!!.I have a cough and stuffy nose (side effect) tight chest, tired all the time, muscle cramps, off and on diarrhea, sore throat, no need to say anymore. I&#039;ve been put on several different kinds of meds for high cholesterol and they all have side effects that I can&#039;t deal with. It&#039;s sad but every Dr I&#039;ve had has wanted to put me on these meds that make me sick. I&#039;m gonna find foods that may help"
"I have had reactions to three previous medications.I was hopeful with this one because it works differently.  Started on 100 mg. By day 7 I was starting to feel very fatigued 2 hours after taking the pill. Noticed decrease in urination and blurred vision. Symptoms worsened the next couple of days. Lasted 10 days. Guess I go back to my almost carb free diet."
"I had mirena inserted on 24/2/17 for abnormal uterine bleeding which started 24/1/17. Also prescribed 10mg provera 3 times a day.  Well been bleeding ever since and sick of it. Bright red blood 2-3 pads a day.  Pelvic pain, acne, feel fat, no energy, tired. See GYN on 4/4/17 and have to get blood tests beforehand. Have no iron so been on iron tablets since January. Think I want this out, don&#039;t know if I can handle another 5 months of bleeding."
"I was on Ritalin for years until my doctor put me on Vyvanse. Vyvanse kicks in &#039;quietly&#039; and lasts longer."
"Had sinus infection. Dr. Prescribed cefdinir , got a shot, and prednisone.  3 days of treatment with cefdinir, no better and feeling worse. Lethargic, dizzy. Stopped cefdinir and started getting better. 2 days later I break out in horrific, painful itching  hives on my entire body !!! ER visit. Steroid shot and hydroxyzine 2 days and still suffering unbearable pain and itching! Saw my GP today. She &#039;s never ever seen allergic reaction this severe! Just have to wait it out and in meantime SUFFER!!! Do not use this drug!"
"While it doesn&#039;t take away all the pain it has helped with the tiredness and the feeling that I was wearing a lead suit.  I still have bad days but so far I am pleased with this medication.  It has helped me more than any other medication that I have tried."
"I&#039;m now 33 and have been taking zolodex for 2 years alongside Tamoxifen for 10 years in the UK. This medication gave me the confidence not to have chemotherapy and for this I am grateful. The down sides are pretty bad though. I agree with the previous reviewer. Mood swings, increased body temperature, severe hot flushes and night sweats (trying acupuncture to help), increased sex drive, no periods, significant weight gain! I went from 7.5 stone to 9.5 stone in 18months having never had much fluctuation in my weight ever before. My bra size also increased 3 cup sizes. I have gone from being very healthy and slim to quite flabby and &quot;technically&quot; (BMI) overweight - which hits hard when you feel low self esteem because of surgery anyway."
"I have been on many different birth controls. All of them have caused me to become nauseous, moody, etc. Apri is the first one I&#039;ve used that I have not experienced any of that with. It has helped regulate my periods and made the cramping less severe. My boobs grew a little and I didn&#039;t gain any weight. The only downside is if you miss a pill, you will bleed a lot and cramp, etc. but I&#039;m pretty sure it&#039;s like that with any birth control. Definitely worth trying."
"I had surgeon- caused osteomylitis which did not respond to oral cipro.  After an 8- week iv regimen of cefepime the bugs seem to be gone. No side effects, but I ate tons of yogurt hoping to replace my gut bacteria as fast as the drug killed them. It seems to have worked."
"This is the first time receiving my Levothyroxine from this particular manufacturer. Same dosage I&#039;ve been on for years but instead of blue, the pill is purple and has a strong odor that I&#039;ve not noticed with the blue pills. It also has left a very metallic taste in my mouth which doesn&#039;t subside during the day."
"I was diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) in 1988 and have suffered with this horrible condition since. As my Doctor put it &quot;you are the worst case of IBS I&#039;ve seen in 30 years of practice&quot; One cannot imagine the pain and suffering I went through on a daily basis until my doctor tried this new medicine called SERVIRA. I am finally able to function to some degree of normality."
"I started Brintellix the first month it came out, after trying numerous other medications over the years; SSRIs, SNRIs, MAOIs, tricyclics, and other classified antidepressants. Those that did help with tolerable side effects lasted maybe a year or even several years.  None seem to do well in the very long term. I worked my way slowly to the 20mg Brintellix dose and very helpful without noticeable side effects.  I do require a small dose of an atypical antipsychotic to control the suicidal thinking, currently Rexulti.  Recently, my doctor increased Brintellix dose to 25mg and doing much better again. Prior to that, I lacked desire to do things, anything.  Now very active again. I&#039;ve had no adverse effects from this medication. Time will tell"
"My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD and started on Vyvanse 4 weeks ago. He has made HUGE strides in school.  His teachers and I are all very impressed with what this medication has done for him academically.  However, he has become an emotional wreck.  If he isn&#039;t on auto-pilot or mentally checked out, he is snapping and yelling at people at the drop of a hat.  He zones out, acts and appears to be &quot;high&quot; .. a shell of him himself.  It breaks my heart to see my fun loving, humorous vibrant little boy become a drone so that he can be successful at school.  He is on the lowest dose of 20mg."
"Oxycontin is the best drug I have ever had.  I suffer from a prolapsed disc L5/S1. I also have a lot of shoulder pain due to a work accident where I had a bad fall. My dosage for Oxycontin is 120mg twice a day.  I also take Panadeine Forte 200mg twice a day also Oxynorm 10mg 1-2 times per day for breakthrough pain.  I also wear a patch called Fentanyl Durgesic 75mgr. I also get injections every 2-3 months, I also take a lot of depression medication. Overall with this combination my pain is under control most days but some days I cannot even get up and I lose my balance a lot.  I have to rotate my movements regularly during the day and night I cannot sleep properly due to the pain."
"Extraordinarily overpriced since it is plant based - which means it is probably just soy. Even with my medicare drug insurance, it was going to be over $200. I called a Pharmacy where I used to get my compounded hormones - $27 plus shipping. Suggest you do too.
"
"The patch lessened the pain I was feeling in my shoulder/back area."
"Plan B is a life saver! My boyfriend and I had sex for the first time during my most fertile days while I was ovulating.  He finished inside of me and the very next day we bought Plan B one step.  I took it around 10 hours after the incident.  I was worried non stop and reading these reviews night and day.  Around two days later I experienced a yeast infection, which was mild, and cleaned up on its own a few days later, but I was freaking out.  After research, I learned that Plan B can restart your cycle, causing the pH balance to be thrown off in the process, causing the yeast infection. I experienced a lot of mood swings over the few weeks, however my boyfriend was always extremely supportive and reminded me it would be alright and we had nothing to worry about.  If it wasn&rsquo;t for him, I would have drove myself bananas for those few weeks.  I definitely recommend having your partner being a strong support system; it will make the process so much better when you know you&rsquo;re not alone in this.   I ended up getting my period two days ahead of time and the only negative side effect from plan B was heavy cramps I haven&rsquo;t experienced before.  I am now on birth control and look forward to never having to go through that again.  Relax, ladies!  It will work! (On a side note, I wasn&rsquo;t aware the Plan B apparently had a weight limit until after I took the pill. There&rsquo;s a myth that states it only works if you&rsquo;re under 165 and will not work if you&rsquo;re over 175.  The fact of the matter is, when testing plan b, the group of tested women were all around the same weight, and there was no group of women that was tested that weighed over 175.  So it is not so much as &ldquo;It will not work&rdquo;, but more of &ldquo;we haven&rsquo;t tested that far&rdquo;  I am 5&rsquo;8, and over that weight limit.   It worked for me, and it will work for you. Breathe! )"
"I have had an upper back molar removed today due to a root abscess I didn&#039;t even know existed. My head felt like a pressure cooker, I got an ear infection and the mucus drainage was terrible. I went to the doctor who diagnosed a sinus infection, he told me to get my dentist to X-ray my teeth, which revealed a big abscess at the root.
I Had been put on amoxicillin 500mg x3 daily but it wasn&#039;t doing a great deal after four days so my GP replaced it with Augmentin)500/125 X 3 daily and after another four days minus a molar the mucus and swelling have improved massively. I can breathe again, plus the head pressure has subsided. Works well at the moment with 3 days of the 7 day course remaining. Hope it works for you.
GOOD HEALTH TO YOU ALL."
"I&#039;ve been using Alli for several months, with a good diet, and I exercise when I can, but at least a few times per week and I have not lost a single pound on Alli. I get the shits and all, and that is surely no fun, but besides that there is no proof that these pills work. Simple as that."
"I had a two min unprotected  sex with my bf, he didn&#039;t ejaculated inside. After 3 days ,76hrs took pill ella one. Feeling cramps, headache, back pain, tiredness and still waiting for my period supposed to get today, but maybe  medicine delayed it or I&#039;m pregnant.  I did preg test today but neg. I am on day 20 today  even  though my cycle is 28 day. Panicking a lot as I didn&#039;t want a pregnancy. "
"I love this medicine. Besides using it for sleep, I also use it for fibromyalgia. 15mg in the morning."
"My daughter because of insurance had to switch to this medication.  She screams because of the pain she experiences and we have to hold her down to give it to her.  The problem is the actual medication, it stings severely.  I&#039;m not sure if we will have the heart to continue her therapy.  Avoid Nutropin if you can!!  Try a different medication, there are other growth hormone medications that are completely painless!  Before Nutropin the daily injections were not bad at all and she was growing beautifully.  Now, its torture for my dear 9 year old child."
"I have suffered pain in my neck, shoulders, jaw, and suffered from migranes.  I have tried EVERYTHING (doctors, physical therapy, massage, accupuncture, psychiatrist, many meds). I was prescribed Lyrica for fibromyalgia pain, and chronic fatigue.  I was on almost the highest dose for 2 months and did NOTHING for me but make me gain 25 pounds!  I am 5&#039;6&quot; 125 and went up to 150lbs. 125 pounds is a high weight for me so 150 is too much for my frame. "
"I had got my Implant Birth control put in Oct. 2016. I was the lucky one to hit all the side affects. Mood Swings, Banging Headaches and  hot/cold flashes. Oh and of course I&#039;m that 1 in a million girl who has had her period for 6-7 months now. I&#039;m around 140 lbs now. I&#039;ve gained a little weight but I&#039;m not sure if that was from the birth control, or me over eating sometimes. I&#039;ve had the birth control for about 7/8 months now. I still get the mild headaches everyday, Motrin helps with that. My Sex-drive decreased tremendously. Doc said to try taking 600 mg Ibu-profen every 6hrs for 5 days straight to reduce the flow of my period. I&#039;ve tried it but I wasn&#039;t very consistent due to busy work schedule. So Far, I&#039;m thinking about removing the Nexplanon."
"I am 23 and have had Paragard in for 6 months. I got it because I was going to be working abroad without access to daily BC options. The insertion was almost painless, just a pinch feeling. About an hour after I began to feel cramps and some pain. The next day it was mild and then gone by night time. My first period was way heavier than I was used to! I also had terrible cramps and pains. I wanted to get Paragard removed but I couldn&#039;t since I was abroad. The next few periods were also painfully crampy with heavy bleeding but I noticed the pain decreased with each period. Now I have had seven periods and it is back to normal with just very minor cramps. The bleeding is not as heavy either. I am happy I never had it removed!"
"Fantastic results! But tried to stop them twice and acne came back after few month :( so had to start again"
"It seems to be very helpful for my depression, anxiety, adult ADD and overall mood.  Seroquel XR also seems to have no noticeable side effects and I sleep great.  I&#039;ve been taking 2 of the 300mg, in the evening, now for 2 months."
"It hurt each time I got the shot. The pain would be there for a week or so. "
"Blood pressure was constantly 170-190 over 90-125. My Dr. prescribed lisinopril and immediately my b.p. has returned to normal of 120-130 over 70-80. Only side effects is sometimes a light dizziness if I stand up to fast."
"Got rid of psychotic symptoms but I had an allergic reaction and had to go off it. Made me feel drunk after I took it so I had to go right to bed. I would stumble around if I got out of bed. Made me sweat and salivate more. I found olanzapine a better fit."
"I have suffered extreme muscular stiffness and weakness in my back, shoulders and legs since taking this vaccine.  I have also developed  chronic upper respiratory infection.   This vaccine should be taken off the market."
"I was diagnosed with PCOS when I was 22. I opted to have a child and there was no difficulty. PCOS didn&#039;t bother me not until the year 2013. My weight increased from 48kg to 55kg and this year 2015 to 66kg not to mention the acne and hair growths and infertility. Missed my periods for 6 month now. this causes me depression and insecurity. I am starting to take metformin today at 500mg/day and I am hoping that this will help me just like to others with PCOS.will update soon..."
"Zyrtec is the only medicine that controls my allergy symptoms, but it makes me so tired, sleepy and I always seem to be &quot;zoning out&quot;.  I even passed a red light at an intersection a few days ago...thankfully no one was hurt."
"I was put on this birth control because the depshot caused heavy nonstop period and now that I have been on the nexplanon I have had on and off periods starting with it going for 2 months to stoping for 3months and put on weight and have now got gallstones from it hoping for my doctor to remove it every time I ask her to take it out and I tell her it&#039;s not working she won&#039;t do anything about it"
"Started out with 5 mg 3 months ago.  Began having slight external itching after about a month.  Never turned into an internal yeast infection.  It was off and on.  Started taking 10 mg about 10 days  ago and it turned into an &ldquo;worse itch ever &rdquo;.  Awful!  Couldn&rsquo;t tell much difference in going to the bathroom nor a change in my blood sugar.  Did not help A1c.  I would rather fight high blood sugar than take this medication.!!"
"Tried champix about two years ago and although I didn&#039;t want to smoke the side effects where to bad and the doctor told me to stop them, however I&#039;ve since been back to Gp and I&#039;m back on them but I only take 0.5mg twice a day instead of the 1mg twice a day and I&#039;ve been smoke free so far for almost 3 weeks. They do work but yu have to find your balance like with most medication. If you have tried everything then why not try these I use to smoke 20 a day for almost 30 years."
"I&#039;ve been on and off this pill for about a year if not two years. It&#039;s been one of the better birth controls I&#039;ve taken up until the most recent time I had a two month gap in between packets due to my insurance. My symptoms have been so off it&#039;s kinda scary. I&#039;ve lost weight since taking the pill again but I&#039;ve been bleeding for about 2 weeks, I&#039;ve been feeling very anxious and depressed almost. I&#039;m not too sure if it&#039;s all to blame on the pill or maybe my new job? But this is the first time I&#039;ve felt this way. Also a loss of appetite, I&#039;ll start eating a meal and lose interest about halfway through or get a nauseous feeling. I&#039;ve also noticed that my energy levels are very low"
"I&#039;ve had constipation problems for years. It runs in my family. About ten years ago I had to have major hemorrhoid surgery, both internal and external, and things have been going downhill since. After having kidney stones and the doctor could not see them on X-rays because of impaction in my intestines my urologist suggested Miralax. I had taken Ducolax, two different types of laxatives but was made sick each time because both produced violent reactions but both worked well. Miralax was the answer. A miracle."
"This medicine did not touch my pain, and it gave me insomnia as well."
"I have had a horrible cold with terrible coughs and unable to rest much. Mucus and stuffy/runny nose too. I took only one tablet and it works better than the cold/flu medicine I have been taking for a week. I can breathe better and my lungs feel much more free to breathe. Thanks!"
"I&rsquo;ve been coughing for days (unable to sleep because of the cough), can&rsquo;t breathe through my nose and have a congestion headache. Took 2 pills in the morning and it took a while to kick in but several hours later I realized I could actually take a full breath through my nose, headache improved, still coughing but not quite as bad. I didn&rsquo;t have any issues with feeling jittery or wide awake."
"Good for my runny nose, sneezing and watery eyes and itchy eyes due to the allergy with dust, pollen or any other thing like dog and cat&#039;s fur, even chemicals and food especially nuts. But doctor&#039;s give 10 mg a day and its been good since; although I am taking it less and less as and when I catch those allergies. Causes me some drowsiness and constant yawning!"
"Abilify worked wonders for my chronic depression BUT I was sleeping heaps and gained 35 kilos in two years. No, I wasn&#039;t eating much!  started only eating one meal a day when the weight started. It was not about food. Prior to abilify I went to gym four x week. Gained weight despite what I ate n how much I exercised. I ended up quitting the gym and now my heads straight but I am obese and suffer poor self esteem. Eh big price for my sanity since I detest being fat. The pill itself does work though and treats it"
"I&#039;ve suffered from migraines for about 10 years. Relpax has been the best prescription thus far to relieve my migraines. It usually kicks in within an hour of taking it; my nausea and headache go away within that hour. My insurance only covers 6 in a month, although my doctor told me that they&#039;re supposed to cover 8. I used to pay $50 for 6 pills, now I pay $10 with the co pay card I found on their website (thanks to my pharmacist) Unfortunately I get migraines a few times a month, so I use all 6 pills a month. Common side effects I get are sleepiness (when I take a Relpax, it knocks me out like Nyquil) and frequent urination (don&#039;t know how common that is) Overall, I&#039;d highly recommend Relpax."
"While this med is fairly effective in the treatment of chronic pain, unless you plan to stay on it for the rest of your life you should not even consider taking it. Discontinuation of this medication has to be done under the supervision of a physician and the withdrawal is horrific, leaving one unable to function in a normal capacity for weeks, or even months. Most doctors don&#039;t mention this. Some aren&#039;t even aware of it. I urge you to be cautious in your decision to take Cymbalta. Google &quot;Cymbalta withdrawal&quot; first!"
"I had paragard placed over 2 years ago after constantly experiencing negative side effects from ALL other forms of birth control. 
Insertion was awful. AWFUL. It felt like I was in labor all over again and missed a day and a half of work because of how severe the cramps were.  The side effects I noticed right away were VERY heavy periods and VERY painful cramps. Then, within a year, I noticed I had become very restless, moody, low energy, and constantly bloated. Thinning hair, tired, some weight gain and unable to sleep. 
I just had my paragard removed over a week ago and already notice a huge, positive difference in my body and mind!!! I didn&#039;t hate paragard, but definitely won&#039;t get it again."
"Who in their right mind (including me) keeps big pharmaceutical companies in business like this?
Over rated and over priced!
$66 out of pocket after insurance paid another $180.00....
Never again will I buy this garbage!"
"I did what everyone else did and read all the negative comments. I just got mine put in last week and as most women say... Yes it is painful. The doctor even said it was going to be painful. I felt probably the worst cramp I&#039;ve ever felt in my life for about two minutes and breathing very heavy as if I were going into labor. It&#039;s very quick and then pretty bad cramping for the next 30 minutes to an hour. I was able to drive home just fine and the next day there were still cramps but definitely not as bad as it was the previous day. Yes it&#039;s painful, but very quick! In 6 weeks I go back to get an ultrasound to make sure that it&#039;s still in there properly. I would say it&#039;s definitely worth getting it done because it&#039;s good for three years!"
"Some of these ppl on these reviews are really over exaggerating.. Idk it could just be my body is different well I guess everyone&#039;s is but.. I ate right before I took this medicine and dranked a lot of water throughout the day I took it in the evening.. I did feel nausea for about 10 mins then it went away probably because I took pepto bismo like 15 mins after I took all four pills. I do definitely suggest doing these things. Only side effects I had were drowsiness and like 10 mins of feeling nausea, and no diarhhea and I had the highest dose, Nothing serious."
"I&#039;m 29 and this is my second time in less than two months having to take moviprep. They couldn&#039;t complete the colonoscopy the first time around. Everyone has different side effects but for me it makes me so sick. I have to get a colonoscopy every two years and this terrifies me. I&#039;m very petite and my stomach just doesn&#039;t hold out to 2L of it. I took the first batch at 5pm and took me 2hrs. 2nd batch not so easy. Started at 9pm and it&#039;s now 10.30pm and I can&#039;t stop vomiting. I&#039;ve drunk half of the 2nd batch and my bowel is clear so I&#039;m hoping that will be enough for my colonoscopy tomorrow. The no eating and sitting on toilet doesn&#039;t bother me at all, I wish there was something less nauseating!"
"I am a 44 year old female &amp; have fought with dep &amp; anxiety for at least 25 years... If not more!  I just started brintellix, and I love it. I have tried them ALL. Not sure if I have an intolerance to the others, but my doctor told me, this is the one he falls back on every time (when a patient does not respond to others). He says he doesn&#039;t prescribe it too often because of the cost factor, he started me on 5 days at 5mg (10mg simply cut in half) to let my body adjust to it, then to the full dose of 10mg. It is exactly what I needed. For all of you out there that suffer from dep &amp;/or anxiety, I encourage you to talk to your Dr about an MRI and checking for MS. In may of this yr I was diagnosed &amp; it all makes much more sense now! Research it!"
"I was on Flovent for almost 2 months.  It was not helping me it was making me worse.  I had an extremely bad burning pain in my chest and throat. The burning became so bad and my breathing was becoming worse. I discontinued it on my own and now all of my symptoms have subsided. I am breathing better and no more burning.  "
"This medicine is not strong enough for major anxiety problems related to post traumatic stress disorder. At 60 mg per day it hardly takes the edge off."
"Hi,
I just started my Retin A experience. I know it will end well because the reviews are really good. Well, I can&#039;t say it is a miracle product because I am in the &quot;purge&quot; at the moment. You say it will return to smooth acne free skin in a few months? Can&#039;t wait! I have been using Acne.org&#039;s routie for about a year and it really did work. However, it is time for a permanent solution. My mom said she started Retin A when she was a few years older than me. I am 18. I am on 0.025 Treitonin cream. I apply at night and a little extra dab on new pimples. My mom gave me some pointers: BE SURE to wait 20 mins after you wash your face before you apply. Always wear sunscreen during the day. I like the Babo Zinc block. Apply on neck too."
"I&#039;ve been on the pills three months and I am not pregnant but I have decided to go off the pill because I bleed too much but other than that everything else was great."
"I take 30 mg per night and it does put me right to sleep and I sleep for 5-6 hours.  The problem is that it isn&#039;t restorative sleep and I seem to need a nap (with crazy dreams) during the day.  I also am very groggy during the day and a little dizzy feeling. If I wake up during the night to go to the bathroom I fall all over the place.  
I tried to reduce the dosage to 15 mg (since my pills are 15 mg each) and I couldn&#039;t sleep. "
"I am 25 and have three kids. This birth control has made me moody and cry over NOTHING. I am not a soppy person so this is VERY unlike me. I am also having headaches and HOT flashes. I CANT STAND it. And I still have acne and NO sex drive. My doctor put me on this for the pain I was having and it has lightened up, but I still have pain."
"I have had this infection of the toenails for about 12 years.  Ugh!  so embarrassed to ask the doctor I have gone through the misery of not ever wearing sandals or open toed high heels.  I work in an office environment and would love to wear sandals with some of my outfits.  
I recently went to the dr and I finally told her that I have toenail fungus and she easily wrote me a prescription for Lamisil.  I started taking it about a week now and have not seen any changes but I will definately give it time and check in and give my review again in the next few weeks!"
"Really bad insomnia, 40 years now. Lost marriage &amp; job as result.  Can&#039;t take Klonopin more than twice a week, or builds tolerance. Ambien (Zolpidem)--eh--too much causes sleepwalking, too little means up every 3 hours for next dose. Started 3mg Lunesta 1 week ago. 1st one, nothing. Waited 1 1/2 hours. 2nd one-same story. 3rd one--started-- to feel something, but still, no sleep. (4 hours have gone by) #4 put me to sleep for rest of night.  Now take 3 all at once, sleep maybe 2 hours, than have to go for #4.  Will start taking 4 all at once tonight. Insurance wouldn&#039;t pay (Sept 2014), $324 for 30, i.e., about $1400 a month.  Can&#039;t afford that.  Will dance between Klonopin, Ambien &amp; Lunesta.  (And/or nothing at all to keep Lunesta cost down)."
"I&#039;ve had the implant since May 2015 and a month after I gave birth to my 4th baby, and bled for 2 months straight with spotting for the 3rd month, I&#039;ve gained 40lbs. And no matter what I do it won&#039;t come off I&#039;ve been exercising for 2 months now and eating clean and not even a 1 lb off, I get moody, I have face and neck acne which I have never had not even as a teen, I&#039;m always sluggish with no motivation for anything, I don&#039;t feel my self 50% of the time, I get nausea at night, and dizzy like crazy. The only positive is that I&#039;m not pregnant. Just made my appt for it to come out. Yaaayy can&#039;t wait to feel myself and loose this weight ASAP. So not to good for me."
"This pill is awesome, helps me sleep."
"Given my experience on this medication, I should probably give it a &quot;1&quot;, but I&#039;m going to give it a 4 because of my initial response to it. I&#039;ve had depression for 20 years, and the symptoms have never remitted, which eventually lead to my choice to seek hospitalization last year. However, a week after I went on this medication, my symptoms were completely gone. All of the cognitive, impulse control and executive functioning deficits related to my partially remitted depression disappeared.  

HOWEVER....the medication made me manic in about a month. I started experiencing paranoid delusions and had to admit myself to the hospital again. I&#039;m heartbroken that it didn&#039;t work for me, but maybe it will work for others."
"I am 54 and have used Angeliq for several years with good results, although for me it was more effective for hot flashes in combination with Lexapro.  I am happy to see they approved Angeliq in a lower dose and will be moving to the lower dose formulation.  It is expensive, however, and I am annoyed that it is not available in &#039;refills&#039; for the leather packet it comes in -- it is such a waste of packaging to receive a new leather packet in each refill and I am sure that inflates the cost."
"I was suffering from extreme panic disorder, could barely leave the house, didn&#039;t think I would ever feel like myself again. I was put on Celexa and within a few weeks I started doing things that I thought I would never do again. I didn&#039;t think I would be able to go to college but with the help of Celexa I went off to college and felt like myself again after a few months. It was still a struggle at first, don&#039;t get me wrong, it is not magic, but it makes the panic manageable. I would definitely recommend the combination of this and CBT."
"I been taking different types of strong pain medicines for years, due to a bad neck injury. In October, my doctor put me on this, I had no side effects, and feel like myself again. Since 1997, I also was taking antidepressants and muscle relaxers. I am off all that now. I take one 80mg a day, which I am going to start dropping dosage, as the weather warms to see how I feel."
"&quot;Accident happened with me on Sep 19. 3days after I finished my period.  I freaked out and took a pill within 10-12 hours ( first time in my life). I was fine. No side effects besides 5days later I started spotting. It&#039;s been already 11days of spotting. I went to the doctor to checked out and she told me everything fine. 
Im so nervous why I still spotting. Does anyone had same experience as I? 
11days?? Stressed out. 
If anyone had please reply me.
Many many thanks"
"I developed Tardive Dyskinesia and Dystonia after having taken Abilify (for too long apparently). It has made my life far more difficult.  I am posting this because I just want to make people more aware that this happens so it doesn&#039;t happen to them if they can avoid it."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft (generic) for a few weeks now. I&#039;m on a low dose (25mg) to get me started. I haven&#039;t noticed much of a lift in my mood, in fact I tend to get sad more easily, but I have fewer headaches, which used to be a big problem for me. Also I&#039;ve noticed it makes me really tired so I take it at night to help me sleep."
"I have depended on opiates  for 16 years. I learned to shoot up my pills after about 2 years of snorting them. I continued this IV use for the last 7 years I used. I was just about totally broke. I lost my home &amp; everything I worked all my life to attain. I was tired of having to worry about getting dope sick. I tired of the constant search for pills or heroin. I was easily using 20 pills a day. I was going through a much as $600 every day. I thought I was too far gone to ever get back &amp; last a normal (ish) life. I thought I&#039;d have to stop breathing to stop using. After a failed suicide attempt, I went to rehab. Today I am 3 days away from 900 days clean. It&#039;s a miracle!"
"I took this medication daily for almost a year. It works great and allows for natural sexual intimacy without annoying drug scheduling intake problems. Unfortunately, I had to stop taking it due to increasing, debilitating lower back pains - one of the known side effects of this medication."
"After years of being anxious and depressed I finally went to the doctor to get some answers. I was having nose bleeds, chest pains, and extreme withdrawal from any social situations. When he suggested an anti-anxiety/depression medicine I was very hesitant. He put me on 10mg a day. The beginning side effects were awful. My mouth and eyes were so dry I was using eye drops and nose spray daily. I was also experiencing very bad vaginal dryness which leads to extreme discomfort and bleeding. After about 2 weeks these side effects have to stop by about 65%. I feel like I have my life back. I haven&#039;t been so relaxed or motivated in YEARS. I am even thinking of asking my doctor to up my dosage to 20mg. I absolutely LOVE this medication!"
"This medication is absolutely terrible.  I was given the generic, Rajani, and for the last three months my face is completely broken out.  It hasn&#039;t handled my PMDD and I&#039;ve had breakthrough bleeding.  This is medication is the worst and my skin is so bad I&#039;m embarrassed to go out in public."
"I just had my first child at 42. Had to have a c section. Went to the Dr. for my 6week check up and was asked about birth control. Didn&#039;t really do any research about this just read a few brochures. The insertion was painful almost teared up. Had bad cramps all day. Now it&#039;s been a week and it&#039;s like I can feel it. I have a strange discharge and feels like my last month of pregnancy all over with the pressure on my uterus. I&#039;m making me an appointment cause this thing is very uncomfortable. I&#039;m about to check to see if I can feel the string cause it feels like it&#039;s hanging really low."
"I have been switched to zubsolv from suboxone 8 mg so far I am not feeling as fatigued as I use to on the suboxone. The effects of the zubsolv do hit you faster. However I am worried about how long the medicine will last I am afraid it won&#039;t last as long as my suboxone strip did."
"I have been using Victoza for nearly 2 years and do not know how effective it has been. However my doctor tells me that it is helping.
My biggest gripe is the pen that is used to deliver the medication. It is the worst injectable tool, very hard to use, it sticks continuously making giving an injection a wrestling match!"
"Causes really dark thoughts."
"These eye drops helped with itching, swelling and discharge within 12 hours. The redness of the eye persisted longer."
"Terrible flavor!  Works good if you can actually finish the first dose.  Dreading the second dose!!"
"I was prescribed this because it is a mood stabilizer.  In other words, I sank down pretty low in mood with long term stressors such as death of family members and a couple of moves, not going to AA and not being in therapy (ugh). I started this recently and at 500 mg seemed to be able to sleep.  At 1000 mg, I was restless.  If I&#039;m feeling low then it&#039;s doing what it&#039;s supposed to I suppose.  I will cut back to the 500 mg and take it in the morning and see if it makes me sleepy or hyper.  I take 22 mg of Buspar at night because I was also suffering from anxiety that was not letting me sleep.  I liked the fact that Depakote works well almost immediately, and I was assured that after three weeks, I should feel &quot;normal&quot; again and can quit."
"I started taking Lexapro in April this year for anxiety/OCD and it did help a lot and I was able to function again. The two main side effects were weird vivid dreams and I have gained about 20 lbs which I cannot stand so I&#039;m now weaning myself off.  I&#039;ve been off for about 1 week and my mood has been so up and down. Very irritable. Also, have been having the weird brain zaps but now they are wearing off after about a week."
"Got on gianvi because of my insurance but it&#039;s definitely cleared up my acne and my boobs have gotten bigger. My period this month was only 2-3 days and it was spotting and I know I&#039;m not pregnant because im not sexually active.
However my appetite has gone up since taking this."
"I have been taking Lyrica for about a year for Generalized Anxiety Disorder, I began taking 100mg a day and noticed a marked improvement within a day or two. But I am now taking 300mg a day. I went form 100mg - 200mg and now 300mg.  I am afraid my body seems to adapt and I need a higher dosage.. Not sure where this is taking me."
"Ambien works well for me, I take 5 mg. Some nights if husband is snoring very loud I need 10 mg. I take it only when needed, like traveling or maybe twice a month. My problem is the next night I will not sleep without Ambien I have to have some wine to relax me, then I&#039;ll sleep, next night I am fine."
"Regarding the comment above that states Flexeril works but Amrix does not... as a pharmacist, I would like to clarify that both Flexeril and Amrix are brand names of the drug cyclobenzaprine, a muscle relaxant. Flexeril is released all at once, thus must be taken multiple times daily. Amrix is released slowly over 24 hrs, thus it is taken once daily."
"I have been on Pristiq for about 3 weeks. I have had major depression for about 20 years. Have been on everything on the market. I also take Ativan for anxiety. I am 52 years old and have not had a period for almost 2 years. That has changed. I am going to my doctor to see if this is normal. Otherwise I feel great. I have been on Paxil for almost 5 years (60mg dose). I now take 50mgs of Pristiq. It was very hard transitioning from Paxil to Pristiq. The withdrawals were bad."
"Wasn&#039;t sure to rate this for skin allergy or anxiety/stress as the skin allergy subsequently was being caused by anxiety/stress.  Originally allergy was caused by amoxicillin. Itching was so intense I was digging into my skin with anything I could find to bring relief. Dr told me to take Benadryl - no help - then prednisone - no help. Almost 2 weeks, woke up feeling like I was covered by thousands of fire ants and went to ER.  I am on disability for anxiety and panic attacks and take Ativan 2mgs 4x a day, but evidently this skin allergy was controlling my life! ONE pill not only totally calmed me down, but I have not itched in 24 hours and slept 14 hours straight. Plan  to talk to doctor about keeping as when required medicine for emergency anxiety/panic attacks."
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for almost 3 years now, (I&#039;m 19) and I love it! I&#039;ve never tried anything else, but this seems to work perfect. I started taking it for acne, which it does help with, but no ones skin will ever be perfect. I still have small breakouts. I&#039;ve never been pregnant, so it definitely works for it&#039;s intended purposes! I&#039;ve never gained weight on Sprintec. My breasts have never been really swollen or painful from my pills like some people experience, (although I&#039;d be alright with them growing a size) haha. I DO think they impact your sex drive though. I find it difficult to become &#039;naturally&#039; ready for sex. I always have to use lubricants. Other than that, I recommend Sprintec!!"
"This was the first medicine I was prescribed by my psychiatrist for my anxiety and depression. While I felt it worked decent, I got wicked headaches and I had terrible night sweats. I also suffered from fits of rage, and I felt really angry in general. To be fair I&#039;m an angry person and I often felt that since I didn&#039;t feel as depressed or anxious any longer, my anger became more prominent. I also felt I had issues reaching orgasm at times, but then others I would feel insatiable. All in all, it was okay but I definitely ended up switching at my monthly appointment."
"I&#039;m 52 with heavy long lasting periods.  I was hoping for alot more results. I took it 7 mo given it a fair try. Unfortunately, it wasn&#039;t the answer.  I have bad cramps its heavy, blood clots still.  No sex drive, fatigue,  it made me crazy and I drove my husband away.  I do not recommend it."
"Had first Prolia shot 9 days ago and it has been debilitating. Will not get another! It is not worth the pain and discomfort. I have had major bladder problems, chills, fatigue, all the bones in my back ache, I can&#039;t sleep at night. I have to take Advil to relieve back pain or I can&#039;t function. Can&#039;t leave the house for long because of bladder issues. I called my Oncologist about possible bladder infection and was promptly advised that was not a side effect of Prolia even though bladder issues was listed as a possible serious side effect!  I hope I don&#039;t have to suffer from this one shot as long as others have - it is truly life style restricting. I wish I had read these reviews before getting my 1st (and ONLY) shot."
"I was placed on this due to chlamydia infection. I tested negative the following week but started to get odd symptoms within the preceding two weeks. I tested again the following month and returned positive for the same infection, with no sexual activity between tests.
I was placed on doxycycline for the reinfection."
"Beware!! Make sure your podiatrist tests your nails for fungus! I saw 3 podiatrists that did not test and wanted me to take Lamasil. I refused to possibly trade my liver for pretty nails. So, when podiatrist #2 suggested removing the nail and using topical Jublia when it started growing back in, I jumped on it, thinking topical is safer. Within 2 weeks of using Jublia ALL my toes became affected and red and blistered. I thought I had athletes foot, so I continued while using foot powders and sprays too! 2 dermatologists later I never had fungus; it was psoriasis!! 

Jublia was a &quot;traumatic &quot; event to my toe nails and made the underlying psoriasis go nuts. Now over a year and a half later, I have psoriatic arthritis in my feet and hands."
"I had been on depo for 10 years. I switched to nexplanon about 9-10 month ago. I wanted off depo because I had no sex drive, thinning hair, and bad bad acne. Since switching my hair is getting thicker, my sex drive has gone through the roof, and my acne has settled down. I am getting a full 3-5 day period every three weeks.... I&#039;m waiting to see if this goes away. I haven&#039;t gained weight, my breast have grown-and are very sensitive and tender. Right now the pro&#039;s and con&#039;s are equal. If I continue to get a period so often I may consider changing, but I am happy with how it makes me feel compared to the drone I was on the depo."
"I had my dosage increased 100 mg last year to 400 mg/day, and noticed an increase in side effects.  My short term memory is awful, especially with names.  I&#039;ve also noticed mood swings, weight gain, and sensitivity have increased, and I&#039;m still having seizures.  It appears it&#039;s not the drug for me."
"I have been on Zubsolv for 3 days now because my insurance won&#039;t cover Suboxone (which I was on previously for over a year, my insurance company got switched) my Dr told me about Zubsolv and I gave it a try (and because its covered thru my insurance.) I see/feel NO DIFFERENT than from when I was on the Suboxone. I personally feel that Zubsolv works better for me. But everyone&#039;s body is different. The ONLY thing I DON&#039;T like about the Zubsolv is the taste. It is a VERY STRONG MENTHOL TASTE, BUT THE TABLETS DISSOLVE VERY QUICKLY!"
" I have only been on invokana for a few months.  I have had severe yeast infections that keep coming back.  I just get rid of one and a week later it&#039;s back, its driving me crazy! "
"I developed kidney stones on 2 separate occasions in 3 months so I finally switched.  Evidently a listed side effect is &quot;propensity to develop kidney stones&quot;.  I felt drowsy like I was in a fog."
"Was having increasing difficulty with my left leg (drop foot, dragging, fatigue especially when on hills) and my left arm (typing characters out of order, weakness). Yes, I have Multiple Sclerosis. Took my first dose 3 days ago. Began to feel improvement within two doses, but thought it was a placebo effect. By the next day was I walking hills with ease, only muscle soreness (after) and a bit winded (during), but none of the neurological issues! I could also feel the medicine&#039;s effect begin to diminish about the 10th hour after a dose."
"I&#039;m not really sure if its helped much, but maybe made some impact?  I don&#039;t like that I have to take it twice a day, because everything else I take is once at night, so I always forget my morning dosage.  600mg twice daily."
"Injections are always unpleaseant but the results are great."
"I&#039;ve had ParaGard for about 9 months now, and I LOVE it. Insertion was nearly painless, and I love the fact that there are no hormones. I&#039;m still nursing, so I don&#039;t have my cycle back yet. I previously had the Mirena, and the side effects were awful, but I am so pleased this time around! I would absolutely recommend ParaGard to anyone looking for effective birth control with minimal side effects."
"When my doctor first suggested humira 14 years ago, I was afraid to start it. I&#039;ve had juvenile arthritis since I was 15, and am now 50. I was so used to pain, that I didn&#039;t remember what it was like to be pain free, that is until I finally decided to try humira. I figured what do I have to lose. I won&#039;t know if it works if I don&#039;t try it. Honestly, within hours of my first injection I could feel a difference. It really was a miracle drug for me. It lasted 14 years, when it just started losing its efficacy for me. I have learned through research, that your body can produce antibodies to the medicine. Unfortunately when that happens, the medicine will no longer work. I&#039;m going to now have to try something else"
"The side effects of this drug have destroyed my well-being, and I am not exaggerating when I say that. Everything was going very well the first 2 months I was on the drug. But then the insomnia started. And then came the irritability. Then the short temper. Then the escalated anger. And then came the panic attacks, leading to dependency on Xanax XR. Depression came back anyway when the insomnia started. My social anxiety has returned in a big way. The lowest dose was too activating for me. I would not recommend this medication for anyone who suffers from anxiety along with depression, even *if* your depression is worse than your anxiety. I&#039;ve been off it for almost a week.

Pro: transdermal = bypasses the digestive tract"
"I first started using TriNessa lo May of 2016. I am 24yrs old, weigh 115 &amp; became sexually acitve the month after for the first time when I got married. The 1st week   hormones kicked in was pretty rough. It was the usual..low-moderate nausea, a couple of head aches &amp; of course, I became very emotional. But, I went back to normal pretty soon after. Since, I&#039;ve had no side effects, my periods are now lighter and shorter w/o cramps &amp; my acne went away almost completly three months after. My prescription was suspended a couple of months ago &amp; I can&#039;t even tell the difference! The only difficulty I face is having to remember to take it at the same time every day. I will soon be trying NuvaRing for this matter. I hope its just as great!!!!!!!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on it for a 3 months and I use to be very wet during sexual Intercourse with my husband and now I am not able to get wet at all. We have to use lube and sexual Intercourse is very painful during the first 2 minutes it feels like I&#039;m a Virgin all over again.. my husband likes it but it&#039;s a hassle for me. I do like the fact that I can take it out when I need to. Other side effects I have are tiredness , loss of appitie, and uterine cramps.. otherwise  I love it. We haven&#039;t had any issues as far as it not working."
"I have been on this medication for the last three weeks and have not noticed any improvement. My symptoms the last 6 days have been at its worse (going to bathroom almost every 2) hours. My doctor told me to keep taking the medication and is putting me on UCERIS. Just took that pill yesterday.  Hopefully that pill works cause this disease sucks right, I am so afraid to go out anywhere because I am waiting on when I will have to go to the Bathroom... I&#039;ll keep an update of UCERIS is effective"
"So far not working for me. I have only taken 2 doses at 15 mg."
"I have suffered from severe depression for over 3 years, mood swings, irritable, loss of interest, huge lack of energy, absolutely no motivation, anxiety, paranoia, and panic attacks. I was prescribed 100mg extended release 2 times daily and its amazing how quickly it works. I don&#039;t have nearly as many mood swings as before, I have tons of energy (once you are on Wellbutrin you realize just how much depression really affects you without even noticing it), tons of motivation. (I used to debate whether I should do this or that now I just do it there&#039;s no question whatsoever). However it did not help my anxiety or panic attacks, the side effects for me were a very annoying twitching and dry mouth. I have only been on it for a week so time will tell."
"I&#039;ve been on these pills for 1 year and 3 months, and I&#039;ve finally got the chance to switch. These pills gave me less menstrual cramps, but an increase in migraines. My libido completely died and I had depression/mood swings while on it."
"If you&#039;re reading this, you&#039;re probably going through a pregnancy scare. I am here as a living proof to tell you not to worry because this pill works for me, as well as hundreds of people at this web. I had sex with my boyfriend but unfortunately the condom broke. even though there was no cum, i was worried sick. so i took the pill within 2 hours. my period was 3 days late but hey i was so so relieved when it came. dont worry girls, worrying brings u nowhere. just take the pill and play the waiting game. dont stress yourself too much!!"
"Silenor&#039;s active ingredient is doxepin. A 90 day supply of doxepin (it will be in liquid form to be mixed with water) costs $12 . I gave this information to my doctor and he prescribed the doxepin. My insurance company is not involved and this has saved me a substantial amount of money. I&#039;ve been using it for about four years and am very happy with the results."
"Started treatment on Lithium in the midst of a major depressive episode. Started on 400mg and gradually titrated up to 1000mg. In short, I love this med. I&#039;ve had very few side effects; I&#039;ve gained weight but I think this is mainly due to Quetiapine which I take alongside Lithium. I still experience major shifts in mood, but lithium has made me far less suicidal, less inclined to self harm and has majorly improved my focus, concentration span, verbal dexterity and, in part, manic spells. I am now in what would normally be a manic phase in my cycle and, whilst I still feel a little jittery and excitable, it&#039;s far better than before. Only minor set back is my thyroid function is a little high, but I&#039;m monitoring this with doc. Recommended."
"Took it for a year and although I loved it in the begining (lost weight, no acne), after about 6 months I realized I was feeling sad, tired, with no energy or no sex drive at all. Also experienced hair loss and nausea. Going off now and will try something else."
"Give it time to get your method of application mastered. I bend the four corners in slightly to make them stick better so they don&#039;t peel up. Also don&#039;t put the film directly over you saliva duct on your check, try putting it below or in front of it. 

With manufacturer coupon and BCBS I pay $30 for # 60 Bunavail 4.2/0.7mg films. Bunavail is a tier 3 medication, manufacturer card pays $100."
"I started this pill, because for whatever reason, I had a menstrual period for over a month. This awful pill slowed it down, but I&#039;m still bleeding, almost 2 months now. I have AWFUL migraines, acne, gained weight, TERRIBLE mood swings, and the worst cramps. I need off this ASAP."
"I have been taking Jardiance for just over a year - I have NOT experienced any side effects whatsoever - MORE importantly this drug has reduced my blood sugar levels to an average of 5 and has maintained this level, quite incredible as nothing else has worked previously - I have named Jardiance as the &quot;diabetic wonder drug&quot; although my Doctor keeps reminding me there is no such thing as a wonder drug - I disagree this is MY wonder drug - thank you Jardiance you have changed my life completely astonishing result."
"I was prescribed Contrave by my doctor 3 weeks ago. I&#039;m on week 3 and the side effects are just too much to deal with. My starting weight was 196lb and I&#039;ve only lost 3 pounds. I work out 3x a week and walk daily. I changed my eating habits to stay under 1200 calories daily. Anyone who is looking to take this medication hopefully you can handle the nausea and vomiting, headaches and sweats. I wouldn&#039;t recommend Contrave it&#039;s not worth the money in my opinion."
"This is a Miracle drug!!!!!!!!!!!
Psychological ED for 25 years. I wasn&#039;t too bad with my ex wife as I drank to mask anxiety. Nearly 5 years without sex as couldn&#039;t get erection with a woman. Always ok in masturbation. Went to see doctor after 25 years silence for Viagra. Was sceptical. Went on first date and took 50mg pill 45 mins before sex. Hot flush in head watery eyes but ok. I had the most amazing sex I couldn&#039;t believe it! Full erection straightaway in stimulation. Had full sex twice orgasming both times in half an hour!! I was overwhelmed. A 25 year problem sorted in 45 mins. I&#039;m so confident now. Thank you Viagra I still can&#039;t believe it."
"I&#039;ve only been on Absorica for a month now, but it&#039;s been great so far. I do have side effects... mostly itchy, itchy scalp- selsun blue shampoo works great. Plus conditioned and &quot;it&#039;s a 10&quot; leave in conditioner all together seems to relieve it almost completely! Semi-dry skin.. nothing some lotion won&#039;t fix. My lips are the absolute worst though. Soooo dry and sensitive! I use aquaphor and vaniply ointment (available at derm) and they help... but please trust me when I say to order some &quot;Dr. Dan&#039;s CortiBalm&quot; this stuff is a LIFESAVER! Other than that, wash with Cetaphil gentle skin cleanser, use Cetaphil gentle skin moisturizer, Cetaphil night time cream @ night only-super oily. Also, definitely get Eucerin redness relief day lotion!"
"I had back surgery and have nerve damage, so when pain starts with the nerve down the leg, I take this medicine and it works wonders."
"Don&#039;t take it for longer than 1 month. I&#039;m addicted to 4 mg daily and I can&#039;t get off.
Side effects - Short-term memory and long term memory are gone (REALLY GONE), I&#039;m so so tried (I sleep all day) and I have 0 motivation. It&#039;s amazing for short term anxiety of all kinds. Just do not get addicted. IMO max 1-2 mg for max 1 mth. 2 year user. 27 yo male. Kills anxiety in it&#039;s tracks but not to be used long term. Look into Nardil/Parnate if SSRIs fail. Asenapine is great if you need your racing thoughts controlled. DO NOT LET ANY PSYC GIVE THIS TO YOU LONG TERM"
"My 12 year old son was presented Montelukast in February 2015 for Allergies. It helped really well with controlling reactions and I was happy with it. In Sept 2015 I started noticing that me son was becoming anxious about everything. He stopped playing out with his friends, going to youth clubs and scouts and we even had tears when he had to go to school. He developed a separation anxiety with me and began to have bad night terrors and sleep walking EVERY night, sometimes more than once. The last straw was when he developed a phobia of being sick after a tummy bug to the point that he was avoiding eating incase he bought it back up, he lost 7 pounds in 4 weeks. Hes now under a mental health service for support. This drug has ruined our lives!"
"Treated with doxycycline (2 months) for prostatitis. Nausea, headaches and more came with taking this medicine. Body just couldn&#039;t adjust. Symptoms seemed to improve but the side effects were just to much for me (personally). On Cipro now."
"Diagnosed in August 1998 of Rheumatoid Arthritis, almost got disabled with pain everyday, tried Arava, Humira, Enbrel, and on prednisone for a year (the only miracle medicine for me) until my rheumatologist prescribed Remicade and methotrexate. It made a big difference in my life. It is a very expensive treatment but put me in remission. I&#039;m still on it as a prophylaxis just in case I will have flare ups."
"I had this removed yesterday morning and within 24 hours my sex drive kicked back in again. Funny that. This thing works effectively as birth control because you probably won&#039;t want your partner to touch you. Yep, here are 10 things I won&#039;t miss by having a stick owned by one of the world&#039;s largest pharmaceutical corporations in my arm:
1. Headaches.
2. Bleeding. Every. Day.
3. No normal period. See point 2.
4. No sex drive.
5. Weight gain.
6. Mood swings that made me feel insane.
7. Sensitivity to the stupidest things.
8. Lower bone density and higher risk of osteoporosis. See 2007 study.
9. Unchartered, unknown long-term effects.
10. Having a stick that might break through my skin when grabbed accidentally.
Satisfaction: never again."
"Maxalt-MLT has been the only migraine medication that didn&#039;t give me most of the common side effects. My migraines don&#039;t often come with warning signs, like the &quot;auras.&quot; My left temple just starts to throb, and I know I have about an hour before the pain has me hiding in the dark, wishing my skull would just go ahead and split open. Maxalt works within the hour (at least to head off the really awful pain - sometimes I need to take another one in a few hours to completely erase the headache), and I can get on with my day. The only side effect I&#039;ve ever noticed is if I take one and then lie down, I&#039;ll sleep for a couple hours. But if I&#039;m up and around or out and about, I can keep going just fine. But I can say the same thing about Benadryl."
"Two bottles of water and a can of tonic water later and my heartburn is RAGING. Don&#039;t lay down after taking this medication. "
"I&#039;m having a lot of fullness and sharp pains in my stomach, and also have constipation."
"Horrible!!! If ur doctor offers u this turn it down!!! I&#039;ve been on subs for over three years and got put on this bull***** because of insurance. The fact that it dissolves in ur cheek is the only thing bunavail has going for it. I cannot get out of bed on this crap my whole body hurts 24/7 it&#039;s like I&#039;m consistently going through withdrawals. Take my advice do not get on this medicine because it&#039;s free u will be stuck on it, pay for the subs because if u get on bunavail u will be back in the streets buying what got u on subs anyways"
"I&#039;ve seen a psychiatrist and a therapist for year. Over a 12 year span, I&#039;ve probably tried 20-30 drugs. This medication is the first to make me feel human again. I&#039;m not a zombie and I&#039;m not lacking emotion. I&#039;m genuinely happy and thriving. I&#039;m so happy I finally found this medication. I&#039;ve also not had weight gain, I&#039;ve actually lost some weight."
"Bad taste but improves over time. Severe headache but again..improved with continual use. Then right eye started excessive tearing and running down my face. Stopped med for two days and got better then restarted. Two more weeks then right eye started excessive tearing again... and face broke out in rash.. looks like new onset Rosacea so made appointment with dermatologist and eye doc. Never had any issues before starting this med. Really  worried now....should have waited before starting a brand new med before it had been out long enough. I am a pharmacist and know better."
"It increased my milk supply but also made me quite drowsy.  Had to discontinue use after 8 weeks.  Found another drug that worked better without the side effects, Motilium (domperidone)."
"I started off on Microgestin Fe  1/20 , and I was fine dealing with side effects, such as minor anxiety, headaches, bloating, mood swings, increased appetite, mind fog, assuming it would go away and it was normal, until week 2. Then, it got so bad I couldn&#039;t handle it or wait it out anymore. I had a panic attack and anxiety so bad, I immediately quit. Right after, I was fine. My body went back to normal. Then I started Lo Loestrin Fe, and I STILL feel normal!! No bloating, no anxiety, no mood swings. My boobs did get bigger and I have a bit more energy than normal.  I was worried all birth control would make me feel as the first one did, but with doing research,  I found the perfect one for me."
"I had migrain headaches ALL my life, they were SO bad I would be unable to function for 3 to 7 days at a time. I sometimes even felt as if I was going to die, that&#039;s how terrible the pain would be! I used to take Fiorinal, then I would be in another world, be unable to stop talking, and would be up all night. Lots of medications affect me the opposite as they would other people. 
A Doctor gave me Topamax to try, Oh my Stars, it is a wonder drug. It does not put my head in another world as a pain pill did, but I don&#039;t get Migraines, ever! It also made me feel like it was Spring all the time, it took away my Dark Moods I would get in. [I also have Bi-Polar, but not severe]. I have not had a migraine in 6 years."
"This drug is amazing. Before taking it I would eat non-stop and obsess about food because of my depression. Now I only eat when it&#039;s meal time and don&#039;t even think about it any other time. I sleep great, have more energy and the only side effects were mild nausea the first couple days. The depression is gone and I feel so much better. I&#039;m taking 50 mgs once per day."
"LOVE this Levoxyl.  I am 55 and in menopause.  Have had several blood works and told doctors how crappy I felt, no energy in a fog, hair loss all the symptoms of menopause and then some.  I go to Mexico tell a Doc the SAME symptoms and suggested I take this medicine and I would feel better, get out of the fog and frumpy slump I was feeling, have more energy AND MAN after 3 weeks I feel fantastic. I don&#039;t even crave sweets or want to eat as much. I have that ZAZAZOO back in me. I feel more alive and sexy.  I am single and I don&#039;t want to live my life without having FUN. This medication has brought some life back in ME!"
"My face has gotten progressively worse. I have been using soolantra for 6 weeks and I have decided to stop because I literally now have a skin problem much worse than before. My whole face now has a blackhead in every pore and although my skin was never perfect it is now ruined by this medication. I go to sleep and wake up the next morning to find 8 to 10 pustules appearing overnight. This stuff has made my condition way worse."
"I am glad I finally found something to relieve my dry eye pain in the summer months."
"Piece of cake. Took first bottle at 6pm. Chugged it. Very slight gag reflex but kept it together.  I have paid more, in a bar, for stuff that tastes far worse.  Gurgling started 15 minutes later. Bathroom after half hour. Mostly done in 2 hours. Felt slightly feverish and had slight headache. No problems going to bed. Set alarm for 3am for second dose. Over slept. Took second dose at 4am. TIP:  have a water chaser. Second dose was much easier. Flow much less. Pretty much done by 6:30. The procedure was a piece of cake. I rolled over, they gave me meds and I awoke 30 mins later.  Doctor said great results. Next one in 10 years. An hour later I was enjoying corned beef hash, two eggs over easy and toast."
"Works well if you can tolerate the annoying cough that is a common side effect of this medication!"
"I have been on effexor xr for 11 years now and it works wonderfully for me. The only side effect was dry mouth and constipation. It.s not for every patient. Always contact your doctor if your symptoms worsen."
"I conceived my 1st baby unexpectedly when I was 17 but once it came time to try for baby number 2 we had trouble. I had developed PCOS and didn&#039;t have a menstrual cycle for 8 months straight (due to anovulation) so my doctor prescribed Clomid after 18m of no luck. I took 50mg on cycle days 2-6 and conceived my baby boy on cycle day 14(April 2009). He was born at 37 weeks 110% healthy. When we wanted to try for #3 my wonderful OBGYN prescribed Clomid again right away, allowing us to avoid the unnecessary stress of trying with no luck again. So we used 50mg on cycle days 1-5 this time and I conceived my beautiful baby girl on cycle day 21, first cycle again (Sept 2010). She was born at 39 weeks, 10 lbs of perfectness. Clomid was my miracle."
"I take Dilaudid because I am living with Multiple Sclerosis and have severe muscle spasms. Unfortunately, the Dilaudid has started making me constipated - so my doctor prescribed me Relistor Injections - 12mg (the higher dose - it depends on your weight).

I took this medication for the first time this morning because I had not had a bowel movement in five days. I did the injection (beware, it burns when injecting!) and went on with my day. Within ten minutes (I&#039;m not kidding) I had to use the restroom. Success! That&#039;s the good part. After my successful bowel movement came terrible abdominal pain. I mean, it wasn&#039;t like, &quot;I have to go to the ER&quot; terrible, but it was significant enough that I am mentioning it. Overall, a good drug."
"Lost 16 pds. in 3 weeks. The only side effect was headache 1st week, now I&#039;m good. I feel GREAT I only take it once a day. In the afternoon a feel Hungry but start eating and I feel full."
"Reviews said that this tasted like salty cherries. Being the salt fanatic I am, I thought I&#039;d enjoy this concoction. It smelled pleasant and looked like water which further tricked me into thinking it wouldn&#039;t be bad at all. WRONG!!! The first gulp I took was torturous, sending a cringe down my entire body and leaving the worst taste in my mouth and making me dread the rest of it. I added a straw, which made it more bearable, but I also cut up some lemons and took a big ol&#039; bite of it after each chug to erase the unbearable bitterness. 2nd round of this, I almost couldn&#039;t bring myself to drink it. I added lemonade mix, didn&#039;t help, and was making me gag. But it emptied me out GREAT which is why I give it a 6"
"I asked my pulmonary doctor if I could try Symbicort.  She have me a 2 week sample and almost immedately I started wheezing and I saw no improvement and went back to my previous medication."
"I am 21 and was recently on this medicine for 4 months. I was prescribed Lexapro, it helped in more ways than one.  I&#039;ve always dealt with daily anxiety, but I had never known any other way.  A single worry could ruin the entire day.  While on Lexapro, it raised my emotional state to where it needed to be and also suppressed my anxiety. It was nice to be giddy and to care about people again.  No weight gain/loss to be noted, but it made me very tired and disrupted my sleep.  Woke up about 3 times a night compared to my usual zero, and my dreams were vivid and disturbing.  Don&#039;t go off cold turkey, even if your mood stays positive, there are physical withdrawals such as hand-eye coordination off, headaches, shakiness, clumsiness. Good luck!"
"I have been in Seasonique for 9, almost 10 years. I take my pill everyday at the same time, even if I have to take in the middle of a an outing. Forgetting to take the pill isn&#039;t an option for me. I&#039;ve never had any major side effects and on the rare occasion I have a little breakthrough bleeding, I take the pill with 1000mg of vitamin C ( if you do the research it increases the impact of the estrogen in the pill, therefore slowing and then effectively stopping the breakthrough bleeding). It usually takes 2 days and it&#039;s over. Sometimes I take 2 packs continuously and don&#039;t have a period for 6 months, my OBGYN is fine with this. I say give it a try, take it at the same time everyday !!!!"
"Great for short term pain relief as far as long term the withdrawal makes you wish you never started taking and could manage pain without it only if nessesary. Follow directions."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin for quite a few months now and it started off fine. I only had slight headaches. Now I&#039;ve been getting my period every other week for the past 7 weeks."
"Great"
"I started taking Apriso after being diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s August 2017. My Gastro doctor started me out on the ER capsules in the morning. I didn&#039;t really notice many side effects at first. I actually felt better than I&#039;ve felt in years. Crohn&#039;s symptoms are almost completely gone, however, I still have a bad day every now and then. A few weeks in, I&#039;m having horrible pounding headaches, dizzy when I stand from sitting, heart burn, excessive sweating, dry mouth, nausea, food taste metallic, and loss of appetite. I&#039;m afraid if I stop this medication all the Crohn&#039;s issue will return. I would rate it a 5 because the med works if you can tolerate the side effects."
"I tried this for two weeks and yet I never got to sleep on it. I had to try it for two weeks because otherwise my doctor wouldn&#039;t give me anything else. "
"I got it when I was 21-22 years old. I was excited about it at first because you don&#039;t get periods and it&#039;s every 3 months. However I did get spotting in between, which was expected. The worst part about it was the effect it had on my mood swings. I got severely depressed and had high anxiety and would lash out a lot. I was also hungry all the time and probably gained 5lbs at most. It really affected my performance in school and my close relationships."
"Wasn&#039;t sleeping well and was having career-related anxiety.  I went to my PCP and he put me on Ambien and Lexapro.  I was very concerned about effect Lexapro would have on me, but I went ahead and started it.  First day I was a little tingly but no other immediate physical response.  The next morning I woke up retching/dry heaving.  I spent the whole day having hot and cold spells.  My ears were burning.  My head felt congested but without any sinus issues.  I was severely agitated/restless.  I couldn&#039;t sit still.  Felt sick all day.  I took the pill again the second morning (yesterday), but today woke up retching again.  Still very restless with some twitching of arms and legs.  Didn&#039;t take the medicine again today."
"NuvaRing gave me hormonal hot flashes, and I found it hard to take my Loestrin 24 Fe at the same time every day, so I decided to try Nexplanon. I am a 23 year old college graduate, and I am 3 weeks into my Nexplanon. Granted, it hasn&#039;t been long, but my experience so far is AMAZING. Ladies, I want to make sure all of you know that birth control works differently with every woman, and most reviews online are from negative experiences, for I was so nervous to get this inserted because of all the negative online reviews. Here&#039;s how my experience has been so far: extremely clear skin, no breakthrough bleeding or spotting, no mood swings, pain, headaches or nausea, bigger breasts. I&#039;m in love. Don&#039;t believe every negative review."
"Dry mouth,dry eyes  and continued to urinate. I believe it is an expensive drug with the same side effects as most of the other medications in this class. This was very drying compared to say Gelnique. "
"Felt normal in 24 hours"
"Very effective for me with both nausea and diarrhea.  Works well at preventing vomiting, in my experience."
"Started May 3rd and the sides effects, nausea, tiredness, and lack of energy almost made me stop. I am getting slightly better on day 3 so I&#039;ll continue for now. I am diabetic so I realized I have to eat to keep my blood sugar on even scale (I wasn&#039;t hungry so I didn&#039;t eat) I haven&#039;t weight myself. Starting weight 218 lbs."
"I have been taking Ritalin for my narcolepsy for almost three years now. It helps significantly and without it, I don&#039;t think I would be able to work or function. However, my dosage has needed to be increased as it seems my body is getting used to it. It&#039;s also a great alternative to Provigil because it does not interact with birth control pills as Provigil does."
"I have got psoriatic arthritis all of my body, fingers, shoulders, knees, neck, but not on my skin. I just have a little psoriasis skin on my head. Had my first shot and within 12 hours my all pain gone. I can walk again.  It&#039;s like magic."
"I&#039;ve been on depo for 4 years, and I love it. Despite the shot every three months I don&#039;t have my period, mood swings, or cramps. Everyone has a different body so not everyone will have the same effect with depo. For me it was the best birth control I could have chose. Two thumbs up!!"
"Do not give to people under 18 the black box warning is true I was put on this when  I was 16 (i&#039;m 19 now) and it made me want to kill myself to the point of hospitalization. Even though that side effect may be rare it does happen. Do not think it won&#039;t happen to you or your child because it&#039;s so rare. Im blessed to still be alive today. It makes you messed up beyond words. Should never be given to young kids. It ruined my teenage years. It ruined it!!!I am dead serious too!!!"
"wish I know about ringing of the ears that this drug may have caused.  I hope I can quit on my own.  Feel like I have the flu after 72 hours from last dose."
"Went to the ER because of sciatic nerve pressure for severe pain and multiple muscles spasms that would not stop. 2 injections of dilaudid had no effect at all. Tried some 4mg oral dilaudid tablets and no effect at all. This is most likely a very effective pain reliever but this indicates that not all pain relievers work on me. Doctors don&#039;t believe me so I almost always refuse to take any pain medication. I think I need to be studied."
"I am on day #10 of this medication and the side effects are very minimal although I am having trouble sleeping. My sleep patterns have been affected. I feel more energetic, as If I have to be doing something. My mind will not stop repeating the same thoughts, over and over again. I am also very hungry and have an increased appetite. It does however, cause me to think about things differently as I know what my general reaction to things would be, or have been in the past, but, it allows me time to think of an alternative besides being explosive. It has calmed me, and more than once, has helped me to cope with a situation differently and more calmly. Overall, I think I&#039;m doing well so far. I plan to continue this medication for some time."
"I started taking Strattera a few weeks ago for ADD. I have noticed it makes me really calm compared to my usual ways. It helps me focus a little better than I used to but I am still not really focused during class. I take 80mg a day, yes I know that&#039;s a lot but that&#039;s what was prescribed for me. I have completely lost my appetite. Some days go by and I realize I haven&#039;t eaten anything. I have lost 10 lbs. Other than that it just gives me a really dry mouth. I always take over the counter sleep aids so I always sleep fine. I wonder if I should try Adderall? Concerta I have already tried and did not like it."
"I first had a panic attack last June &amp; went to the hospital. They gave me Ativan 1mg. I took that for about 1 month and felt sort of out of it, so I decided to only take half and see how that worked. It did work, but I still felt like a zombie. I went back to the doctor &amp; was prescribed BuSpar 5mg twice a day. I took that for three months, but was still having issues waiting in lines, being in public places &amp; sometimes driving. I found I still needed to take the Ativan when I started to panic. Long and short the 5 mg 2xday would take away about 60% of my anxiety and I would force myself out of my head, so to speak. Recently I went back to the doctor &amp; she upped my dose to 7.5 mg twice a day. I feel great! This is giving me my life back, NO more Ativan."
"I had Skyla inserted June 8, 2016. The insertion was more uncomfortable than painful, and I have a very low pain tolerance. I had it inserted while I was on my period. DO NOT work after the insertion. I thought I would be fine, but I felt like I was going to pass out and had extreme cramps. For the first couple of months I had cramps and bleeding every single day. I still have random intense cramping followed by spotting, but skyla is worth it. You don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill and my periods are finally starting to regulate after years of randomly getting it and never knowing when it was coming. Def recommend, just have to deal with side effects for the first couple of months."
"Best medication for chronic pain. 5 bad lower discs, 1 mid back, 1 removed C6-C7 neck, pinched nerves, sciatica and rheumatoid arthritis. After about a year of therapy and different meds we got to Percocet 10/325 and although not 100% pain free it allowed me to get my life back. Problem I have now is since I&#039;ve changed jobs and have insurance with Kaiser. Getting a Doctor to put me back on them is almost impossible even with my previous medical records. "
"Just finished with this round and glad it is over. I had all side effects but stayed positive and finished. Now I must wait 3 months and retest to see if I am negative for H Pylori. Will update once I get tested and get the results"
"I&#039;ve read a lot of the reviews, and I do relate to the shortened 4 days of real bleeding.  The remaining 3 days is light spotting, if that.  I used to bleed really heavily for almost 7 days and immediately after I started the first placebo.  I chose reclipsen b/c my last bc was causing melasma (pigment patches on my face).  I don&#039;t see that as much with reclipsen, b/c it&#039;s a low dose pill.  Other than that, my period on bc have always been less painful.  I don&#039;t know if I can contribute weight gain or migraines to this pill....too many other factors.  I think it does what it needs to with no side effects that I know of, and that&#039;s all I need from a bc.  So I definitely recommend it."
"I had Skyla inserted 8 weeks after having my 2nd child through c-section. The insertion was very painful but quick about 5 min, I had some moderate cramping few days after but nothing serious. I was breastfeeding at the time, not sure if it&#039;s Skyla&#039;s fault but I lost my milk supply almost completely after getting it inserted. I only had one period after the insertion it was much heavier then my normal period, lasted for about 5 days with very heavy bleeding on day 2 and 3. And 3 months later I fond out I was pregnant, so much for 99.8% protection."
"I had Nexplanon inserted 8/13. Insertion wasn&#039;t bad, the thought of it was worse than the actual procedure. Little to no bruising, the healing process was quick and painless. The first few months I only had spotting here and there a couple times during the month. Then no spotting or periods, no cramps or any other of my usual symptoms. But right at a year, I started having monthly, slightly heavier, periods, which then progressed into two periods a month. One is worse than the other, heavy, cramps and overall fatigue. I still spot, randomly. Mainly during/after sex. Overall, I love the effectiveness and ease of Nexaplanon, I don&#039;t see myself changing any time soon, but I will talk to my doctor about the periods."
"I thought I was losing my mind, but per these reviews, I think my suspicious are founded.  I&#039;ve been on Estarylla for ~6 months as my pharmacy replaced this with the Sprintec I&#039;ve been taking for about 6 years now.  Never any issues with Sprintec, it was by far my favorite BC.  This BC is the worst I&#039;ve ever had.  I&#039;ve had months with break-thru bleeding (like 3 weeks of bleeding vs at most 1...), I&#039;ve put on about 10 lbs, I have no desire to do anything but eat and not workout (not like myself AT ALL) and no libido.  I called my OB/GYN and she immediately suspected the BC.  I will be switching back to Sprintec per her &quot;dispense as written&quot; on my prescription.  Ladies, heed the warnings of the others and myself, do not take this pill..."
"I have been on Yaz almost a month. The reason why I picked, and like this medication is because it doesn&#039;t give me mood swings, which every other birth control always causes. My complaints are that I have seen random acne pop up here and there on my face, and a little breakthrough bleeding. I also have cravings, and get super nauseous at the thought of certain foods. I am definitely a picky eater now, and would prefer not to eat, than eat something that turns my stomach (which seems to be a lot of things lately) my breasts are more &quot;perky&quot;, and all my milk from my son has dried up fairly quickly. I do get dizzy, it&#039;s happened twice only. I also feel a little spacey, but it&#039;s getting better. Not sure about weight gain, if any."
"Work great, better than any OTC med. Insurance companies need to cover this med, as it will prevent or delay costly other treatments (such as surgeries)."
"Worked for a short amount of time when use with Retin-A"
"Only been on it for a week and am feeling extremely miserable. It&#039;s hard to describe but the only effect it has had is a couple hours after I take it I get this unbearable mental discomfort where I feel both exhausted and restless at the same time. It&#039;s driving me crazy! Other than that, it&#039;s had no other effect, positive or negative."
"I got the Nexplanon put in on August 2nd 2012. I didn&#039;t get my period until the next month and when I did it was for about twelve days. I get my period at random times. Before this my period was every 28 days but now I have no idea when it will start next. A couple of days after getting it inserted I had a backache for about two days and my hair was falling out; this lasted for a few weeks. Now I don&#039;t have any hair loss but around July 16, 2013 I started experiencing lower back pain. I get the pain every single day all day long. It&#039;s a dull ache that just lingers around. Overall the Nexplanon is very effective. Every woman&#039;s body is different; you just have to find the right birth control for yourself."
"20mg and WOW........better stamina than ever before. Incredible. The only side effects were slight headache and flushed face, pounding on door and walls from hotel patrons next door who couldn&#039;t sleep from all the screeching and thrashing. Awesome."
"I first went on this medication in March of 2013 and almost a year later, I&#039;ve had to adjust it 3 times, going up to 4 finally. When I first started, I was sent into a manic like state for several hours, but after about a week, I started to sleep more than I ever did. I usually only got about 3 hours of sleep each and every night, starting from when I was 12 and up until I started Risperidone, which is when I was 18. It has helped with every single thing that was wrong with me, the delusions, hallucinations, dissociation, and homicidal feelings. I would definitely suggest trying this if you haven&#039;t yet. It worked wonders with me."
"I was on Kariva for about 6 months and gained about 15 pounds. It regulated my period just fine but I had to go up like 2 pants sizes and had to buy all new bras. I used to be a size 0-3 (depending on brand, usually around a 2 though) but went up to a 5-7 on Kariva. Once I switched to Apri, my breasts stayed about the same size but I lost all of that bloated water-weight that I had on Kariva. On Kariva, I was sooooo bloated every single day and it was miserable. I was all squishy and plump and considering I gained all of my weight on my stomach, wearing anything other than sweatpants felt horrible. DO NOT RECOMMEND."
"Only 1 week on this 1 pill 3 times a day. I haven&#039;t drank anything, but I haven&#039;t been in any situations that I would drink yet. I&#039;m a binge drinker. At home I don&#039;t drink at all. If I&#039;m out at a casino or bowling I&#039;ll go nuts and forget what happens the next day."
"I am so thankful for Gleevec!  I did have some side-effects but prior to Gleevec, taking interferon and hydroxyurea led to much more severe side effects.  I had aching limbs, and I now have a skin reddening/rash--like rosacea on my cheeks and my upper arms are reddish--like a mild sunburn.  I have tummy issues now--gurgling, diarrhea, cramping, etc., but they are easily managed with imodium.  Gleevec has extended my survival and I had the honor of meeting Dr Druker who developed the drug, at Oregon Health and Science University.  He was absolutely wonderful as was the care I received there."
"I think this drug is a miracle drug.  There are so many good things that has been found about it.  They are still finding things out about the positive effects of using it for opiate withdrawal.  It has helped hopeless drug addicts that were headed for nothing but institutions and death.  They now have good jobs, are driving new cars and living life."
"Celexa is very effective in my opinion. I have tried Lexapro and Paxil which made me horribly sick. I have had a few side effects since I am just starting it, but they are not that bad. I can tell they are there but I&#039;m not stopped by them. The only effect I don&#039;t like is the sexual problems. They aren&#039;t kidding about it. Started affecting me on day 1. Getting better is worth it though. Please give it a try, even if you&#039;re nervous!"
"I&#039;ve been using the product for about 1 month, and the sweating is absolutely gone.  My doctor recommended the Botox treatment, but HyperCare is a much cheaper alternative.  It did itch for the first 2 weeks, but has since subsided and there is no longer any itching or burning.  I also notice that I can now skip 1-2 days, and the sweating is still managed.  Great product!"
"This medication has saved my emotional distress caused by hyperhidrosis.  I wish I had discovered this before doing the thoracic sympanthectomy (SP).  That surgery was horrible, but the Botox takes away the sweating for up to 6 months.  If you have had the surgery, be prepared that from the damage the surgery does, Botox results can last for up to 3 months, but for me never longer.  Insurance can cover it though, and I have had it approved through BCBS."
"I have been taking Effexor XR for about 3 weeks now for depression and generalized anxiety disorder. For the first three days I felt a little dizzy but continued with the medication and the dizziness went away once my body got used to it. I get a dry mouth and have lost interest in sex and cannot reach orgasm. I do feel a lot more focused at work and can think more clearly. I do find if I don&#039;t take the medication right on time around 9am every morning I get a headache and agitated so I try to take it the same time everyday. Despite the dry mouth and loss of sex drive I will continue with it for another month or two and see what happens when I see my doc again."
"I&#039;m 43 years old and I went the 3 years on Nexplanon and just had it removed a week ago.  Let me say I never got pregnant on it, so it did it&#039;s job.  However, at the beginning I bled so much and so long, that intimacy was few and far between.  And that sucked because it did not drop my sex drive, just the ability to have it.  Then after about a year, my period went to about 7-9 straight days a month, every month, with sporatic spotting to bleeding in between.  I used to be very regular 2-3 days a month, every month and that was it.  So I was not one of the fortunate ones that got loss of period.  I was not aware of the weight gain issue until I started reading some of the comments here.  I gained over 40 lbs in the 3 years."
"My nine-year-old son has G551D/deltaF508 CF. He began taking this at six years old, 2 years after it first became available in US.

 He went from being severely underweight to overweight in less than a year. His BMI is weighed over 95 percentile for age 9. 

His chronic cough went away within a week. He is not had any respiratory infections since beginning the medication. 

This medication is just short of a miracle for him. And I&#039;m not exaggerating. I am a physician who has watched kids and young adults die of cystic fibrosis during my training."
"Well, let me tell you the bad news. Everything taste different. I ate a piece of cake and quickly spit it out. I&#039;m itchy :/ and everything is orange.....everything. But I had severe kidney pain and it vanished over night. I took my medicine immediately after eating and did not notice any nausea. There&#039;s a slight itching in that &quot;area,&quot; but that&#039;s common with a UTI. Hope this helps!"
"Works right like it said it would but heavy bleeding."
"Been taking this for exactly 7 months. Helps a lot!! First month had side effects. Best antidepressant I&#039;ve tried. I take 10mg 2x per day. Occasionally I take a day off."
"This is a excellent medication I have lost 53lbs only on the injection alone know more hbp or know  more diabetes at all the is a wonder drug..."
"I&#039;ve suffered from severe, debilitating migraines since I was 30 (I&#039;m now 49). I&#039;ve been prescribed everything under the sun but Maxalt is the ONLY medication that works for me.  First of all, it dissolves under my tongue so I know that if I vomit, I won&#039;t throw it up.  Secondly, and especially if I take it at the first sign of a migraine, it usually only takes about 30 minutes to kick in and fully eradicate my migraine.  Imitrex and the others I&#039;ve been on haven&#039;t worked or haven&#039;t worked as completely as Maxalt. I consider it a life saver."
"1 star rating for the pills. 10 stars for the cream.

I was diagnosed with a urinary tract infection and bacterial vaginitis simultaneously. I was prescribed the pill form of Flagyl for the bacterial vsginitis. I was very nauseous after beginning the course of Flagyl and within 24 hours I began vomiting profusely. I vomited/dry heaved every 2 hours for about 12 hours. Since I couldn&#039;t even keep down water, much less food or the pills, the vomiting subsided.

I contacted my doctor first thing the following morning and she prescribed the Metronidazole Vaginal Cream. It worked amazingly well and cleared up the the bacterial vaginitis. I had a slight yeast infection following treatment that cleared up well with over the counter cream."
"Took this medicine last night.  Worst experience I have ever had with medicine.  I began sweating felt wired up could not sleep at all.  This is a bad drug.  I have not felt right at all since taking it.  Would not recommend this at all."
"Works almost immediately but effect wears off quickly also - lasts maybe 1/2 hr. However even a few minutes of pain relief is good at this point. I have tendonitis and rotator cuff damage."
"I have been on saxenda for almost a year now and have been doing very well. I have been eating one plate of food instead of three. You have to drink plenty of water to flush the toxins out of your body. You have to limit wine to only 5 oz. per day because if you drink too much while taking the saxenda, the saxenda has no effect on the weight loss."
"First off. Side effects.... Brain zaps. Pounding heart, foggy feeling. First 3 weeks I felt the need for a lot less Ativan. The worry stopped and blood pressure came down . I&#039;m on 5mg per day. Around week 5 I started to notice my blood pressure going back up. Acid reflux and a little nausea. Pounding heart back. I don&#039;t want to give up on buspar because I was so happy to lose the everyday worry. On week 7 now. Still at 5mg. Thinking about doing 5mg twice a day. There is no magic pill, but this was close."
"The only drug that works for me"
"Been on this for about a year, 100mg. Took away my libido, I still get depressed/suicidal, still self harming. It&#039;s made me lose my self. I&#039;ve been told that BPD can only SOMETIMES be managed with medications.  I also take an antidepressant 75mg. It helps if you get good support- good therapist and good doctor.  I really hope they come up with better things to treat bpd."
"Lexapro SAVED MY MARRIAGE...to my husband of one year. After a few bad years of terrible MOOD SWINGS, verbal and Physical abuse[he battered his kids mother years ago and was jailed], irrational behavior, defiance, his obsessive *porn* addiction, lying about $$/secretive personality.. I am finally able to say that this medicine has CHANGED him and he is NOT a MONSTER anymore..His obsessive nature is GONE. I cried the first week he got on it and thanked God over and over..We tried two rounds of counseling combined with going to  church and the rage wouldnt go away so a relative of his suggested he take Celexa because he had the same disorder..He was put on Lexapro instead..I am VERY HAPPY now.."
"no more swollen feet and ankles"
"The only positive thing about this pill is I didn&#039;t get pregnant. For the 6 months I&#039;ve been on it I&#039;ve had 2 periods a month and cramped horribly every time. I workout at a minimum of 7 times a week, running miles, weight training etc. and I gained weight on this pill, quickly. I just stopped taking it, it&#039;s not worth all the negative side effects."
"I rate Tamiflu highly, I was given it three days ago after contracting suspected swine flu and it has done the job very well. I did after taking the first tablet feel really sick but apart from that I had no other side effects."
"I&#039;ve taken Zoloft off and on within the last 3 years. I do much better with it. I went from being so low that I couldn&#039;t take care of myself because of anxiety and depression. With Zoloft and better life circumstances I am doing much better. I&#039;m actually happy! Right now I&#039;m on 25 milligrams. Sometimes I&#039;m on 50. When I had postpartum blues, 100 milligrams was necessary to feel positive."
"NEVER again will I purchase this product. I NEVER do reviews but I figured it let the next woman know so that she won&#039;t experience the pain and agony I&#039;m currently experiencing! The nurse at my drs office advised me to purchase this product until I was able to be seen in the office. WORSE DECISION EVER! Here I am on day 2 itching and burning like crazy after inserting, mind you I was absolutely fine before doing so. It is HORRIBLE and I cannot wait to call the nurse in the morning!"
"I was prescribed this when I was having preterm labor contractions. They said it would help me relax and sleep and let my body calm down enough for the contractions to stop on their own. Well... The contractions stopped but not until after I tried to convince my husband I was a stegosaurus. I don&#039;t remember much, but I do remember feeling very dizzy and nauseous until I eventually passed out. It&#039;s not something I will take again, but it did do its job of pain relief."
"This has had more benefit controlling psoriasis on hands and feet over any biologic I&#039;ve taken over the years. I&#039;ve yet to find a medication with better results."
"I&#039;ve taken Cymbalta for almost a year and it was great for depression.  After finally getting to a place in my life that I did not believe I needed the anti-depressants anymore, I decided to go cold turkey.  This day marks the 7th day of not taking anything and I must say the detox is horrible.  Talk to your Docotr before going off this medication, as it has some terrible effects when coming off of it suddenly.  "
"I&#039;m almost finished with my first sample pack of Loestrin 24 and so far so good. The only thing I&#039;m not comfortable with is the brown discharge that I&#039;ve been having the whole time, but I&#039;m positive it&#039;s only because my body has to adjust. This is my first birth control brand and I&#039;m hoping for the best. I took the brown tablets two days ago and it feels like a normal period as far as cramps goes. It&#039;s hard to tell whether I&#039;m experiencing insomnia because I&#039;m on summer vacation and stay up until 3am regardless. So far I can&#039;t complain, but I do feel a little moodier. Breasts increased size, which I&#039;m completely fine with. I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain, but I wouldn&#039;t mind it. We&#039;ll see how it goes for the second pack!"
"I had 200mg ( a large dose) of Botox injected into my Bladder in August 2017. I got an infection within days of having the procedure. I went straight into retention. It has now been about 12 weeks since the procedure. I am still having to use catheter and I am never free from infection. I have spent nearly three weeks in hospital due to complications with UTI resulting in Kidney damage.
I am on a very rare Antibiotic that my own GP and local chemist had not heard off. I truly hope that this Antibiotic does the trick as I don&#039;t think that I am going to be able to cope with the outcome of the Botox injections for much longer. I wasn&#039;t given an Antibiotic after the procedure, the outcome may have been different if I had."
"Stage IIIc Lobular breast CA, node , 
Started generic Femara 18 months ago after radiation. Minor side effects- hair loss, nails, skin, vaginal dryness. Major- started out with tolerable joint, bone and muscle pain. But about a month ago, these symptoms became severe enough to decrease my quality of life. My oncologist did blood work, all okay. She wanted a bone scan but after ready reviews, this is the Femara not bone cancer. She just has not had amy Patients do this, the literature is based on trials not general population. The literature( and she told me) the symptoms go away by 8 months! Not!!
I also have MS ( still mobile, but that has some same/ similar side affects) but Femara more like arthritis. Knees, ankles. Stay on though!"
"Began yaz on the 20th of August because I was diagnosed with endometriosis and it caused me to have a 23 day period. 3 days after my period came again for 9 days and it was extremely painful worse than ever before and very heavy. I stopped using yaz at that point and now 6 days after here I am again with a next period heavy and painful. Wish I had never used this drug. Worst experience ever. Hoping to go back to a normal cycle soon because this is uncomfortable."
"Fast acting relief felt in the first day"
"2 months of clomid it didn&#039;t help me at all going to see my Gyn next week I&#039;m not ovulating or releasing eggs and having abnormal minstrel cycles"
"I&#039;m going to start this off by saying I was that girl who searched up every ache or pain I was having to see if it was a sign of pregnancy. I worried myself sick (I&#039;m only 18 and leaving for my first year of college in a few weeks) I take regular birth control for acne but I wasn&#039;t very consistent. I had sex for the first time with my boyfriend and the condom broke, just our luck. Me being paranoid made him run out to the local Pharmacy and buy My Way and I took it within 4 hours of the incident. I had nausea for about a week, I was fatigued, my breasts were extremely sore after about 3 weeks, I had cramping and lower stomach pain. My period was about a week late, but I got it! RELAX. This pill works! Trust me!"
"I have IBS plus I&#039;m lactose intolerant and have struggled with this for 5 years now so far and for 3 years I was unable to enjoy a meal because as soon as I ate, I was in the bathroom. When I take imodium now for the past 2 years, I can actually eat meals and it wont bother my stomach. I feel normal and go to the bathroom normally but if I miss a day and don&#039;t take the pills, I am back to going to the bathroom after every meal. Imodium has really helped me. Especially when it triggers in the morning, so it helps me to be able to go to work at 5am. There are somedays I didn&#039;t have pills and could not go into work because I could not stop using the bathroom. I love imodium!"
"I have been on this medication for 22 years. I have a weird vagatone form of a-fib.I was on Procanimide for 10 years, but developed chemically induced lupus. After 4 hospitalizations and 3 cardio conversions, Norpace CR was the only drug that worked comfortably for me. Unfortunately it is currently out of production and not scheduled to be available again until March, 2018 ( today is 9/1/17. This has happened several times in recent years, there is no generic CR. MSs don&#039;t like it as it is an old drug and is contraindicated with 400 other medicines under 1200 brand names, but it works for me when most of the new drugs don&#039;t. I am 65 now and my EP wants to do a pacemaker which I intend to postpone as long as possible."
"I have struggled with social phobia, anxiety and depression for as long as I can remember. 6 months ago my psychiatrist prescribed Neurontin and I can say that my life has completely changed. I feel like a new person, I feel no side effects and the best part is that it works immediately and can be taken when needed. For someone like me this is a miracle."
"Good,  no side effects, other then depression.  Finally found a way to control acne.  Once the doctors coupon ended so did my prescription and the depressed feeling of a drug company playing, got you hooked now pay up, began. College student that can not afford hundreds of dollars a month to stay on it.  College insurance and family insurance does not cover doctors recommended treatment drug."
"I&#039;ve had mine since April and love it. Other than longer and heavier periods, it is great"
"I have used this drug since the 1960s.  It is the best thing on the market for allergies or the beginning of a cold."
"The first dose gave me muscle pain and weakness that left me in bed trying not to move in an attempt to minimize the pain. For two days every breath I took was accompanied by significant pain. Because even though I was laying as still as possible, I still needed to breathe
I was assured that the pain is milder the second time around. They were right, the pain did not outweigh my will to move. Which was fortunate because I had nausea and vomiting the next day. My doctor was able to prescribe anti nausea meds, which helped significantly. I suggest anyone who takes this have someone who can help them out the next few days. Just in case."
"I&#039;m on my 2nd month of taking Loestrin 24. I went to my doctor 2 months ago because I had not had a period during the 5 months prior to the visit. She prescribed to me from what I can recall oxyprogesterone, she told me it should start my period within 2-3 days. It didn&#039;t come until 2 weeks later so then I finally started taking Loestrin 24. That WHOLE first month I bled, some days it was just average bleeding, some light, and just a handful of days bad cramping and heavy. Now being on my 2nd month of this pill I&#039;m on the 3rd week row of the pill pack and I&#039;m already starting my period early. The only side effects I&#039;ve noticed from taking this pill is my breasts have grown half a cup size, no nausea or weight gain so far."
"I went without night time sleep for 3 months even more.  I was about ready for the hospital.  Clonazepam was the miracle that gave sleep back to me.  I am grateful to this medicine.  I have bipolar disorder.  The other mood stabilizer that is now working better than any others I have been on is Lamictal.  I am really happy to where I&#039;ve come to be.  It&#039;s a good place."
"My first pack, it&#039;s been fine for me. I usually experience a bit of nausea with birth control pills and this one wasn&#039;t too bad at all! Breasts are pretty tender and seem to have grown a bit. I love that its so cheap and does what it&#039;s intended to do. Before this my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover birth control so to me this is a God send. "
"My period is light but I have experienced at least 1 week a month of &quot;unscheduled bleeding&quot; which makes up for the benefit of having a light period.  Slight mood swings.  I preferred regular Loestrin.  "
"I got the Mirena 6 months ago and had non-stop problems from the start. While the insertion went smoothly, I had terrible cramps for the next month. My periods got much worse (I never had heavy bleeding or cramps during my period). After one particularly bad cramping episode, I went to my doctor who, after a sonogram, found that the Mirena had worked its way into the lower part of my uterus (it seemed like my body was rejecting it). I also developed a 4cm ovarian cyst which is a listed side effect of the Mirena. I had the IUD taken out last week and I feel back to my normal self. I am not saying that Mirena isn&#039;t a good option, as I know many people that love it. It was DEFINITELY not right for me."
"I&#039;ve had this since January 12 and my period has been off ever since.  I get killer headaches. Acne, sore breast and mild cramping but regardless its very helpful because I don&#039;t have to do anything like worry about missing a dose. It&#039;s still the best birth control I&#039;ve ever had."
"I got the implant a little over a year ago and for the first 7ish months it was good. I had practically no period except maybe a little spotting every other month or so that lasted like 24 hours. 

But for the past 5ish months I&#039;ve been bleeding LITERALLY non stop. My face is almost always broken out &amp; before this I would MAYBE get like one pimple during a period... also I have pretty significant mood swings.

I&#039;m probably getting it removed and going back to the pill. I&#039;ve heard pretty much everyone I know that has gotten it has had it removed within a year-a year in a half. It&#039;s unfortunate because it is very effective birth control which is why I am hesitant to remove it and have tried waiting so long. But the side effects are unbearable"
"I have had chronic pain since 2002. I have Reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD)  in low back both legs below knee both feet. Long story short I have been on pretty much every pain med there is. Had over 200 nerve blocks. Had nerve endings burned off. PT you name it. Now I have a medicine dosing machine inside my abdomen with a cath that runs directly into my spinal cord. I tried this hyslinga it&#039;s worked great. I&#039;m surprised so many people have not had relief from it. But if I didn&#039;t have the pump implant I&#039;m pretty sure I would be on the highest dose they make."
"I had the WORST reaction to this medicine. I was on 20mg and my body rejected it terribly. The first few days were fine and then after the 4th day or so I became very glazed over and out of it. It was as if I was a walking zombie. I then started waking up in the middle of the night having severe panic attacks. I had never had one before so I was very scared. My doctor told me to come off of it and the withdraw from this was even worse. I woke up in the middle of the night and had to go to the hospital. Overall I had a very negative experience but my mom takes this medicine and she loves it. Could just depend on the person I guess."
"Im 17 years old, 5&#039;4 and weigh 113 pounds. Got my first injection on May 22nd. First few days was fine, got it while I was on my period so it was immediately effective. First week was fine but after a while I began spotting and since then I have been on a constant period with occasional cramps. I already suffer from some anxiety issues which Depo-Provera has intensified but I expected this. Feel dizzy when I&#039;m laying down to go to sleep but its gone by morning. No change in sex drive but I&#039;ve noticed most people&#039;s decrease. The site of injection hurt a little for 3-4 days but now I can&#039;t feel it. Have little energy and can&#039;t walk to school anymore because I&#039;m constantly too tired. Wont be getting this injection again, going to try Nexplanon implant."
"I have excruciating pain due to Psoriatic Arthritis (hip joints) and Recurring Painful Sciatica due to my Lumbar issues (herniated L2-3; bulged L3-4, L4-5, L5-S1,; borderline stenosis L2-3; 5mm perineural cyst L3-4). My PC sent me to a pain management specialist, who prescribed me to BUTRAN skin patch 5 micro-gram which never worked to reduce pain.  The instruction was to start TRAMADOL-HCL 50mg per day, 7 days after Butran. &quot; Only 4 days&quot;  into TRAMADOL, I woke up in the morning with stabbing pain in my right eye. My upper right eyelid was warm to the touch with tears in it. In the mirror, it was reddish color and swelled up. Called the doctor immediately. Without reducing it actually increased pain."
"My daughter, after using Beyaz for 6 months, developed bruises, swollen lumps, joint pain, and finally she needed to use crutches to walk. We saw many doctors, but none knew what to do. So on our own, we decided she should go off off Beyaz, and the symptoms slowly disappeared. 9 months later, they are gone, thankfully, but it was a nightmare!"
"I wish I could give this a zero! I was on this for almost two years. It was the worst mistake I ever made. I took them continually (never having a period) I only did this because I was having diverticulitis flares with every menstrual so my Dr teamed up and needed me to stop my periods for awhile. I gained 40 pounds, had zero sex drive. It did interfere with my marriage. I was sad, depressed and moody. Had no energy.. then came the panic attacks. I&#039;ve never had those before. Luckily by chance a round of antibiotics I was taking for a UTI made me have break through bleeding so my Dr said to get off and allow my body to have a period. I&#039;ll never get back on them. Pls be careful on these pills!!!!!"
"I have just started taking suboxone again, I was on it for 6 months in Virginia and I did very well on this medication. I moved to Tennessee and ran out and relapsed until I could get back on Suboxone. If you are really ready to stop usuing then Suboxone is very effective. I dont think I could do it without it. Suboxone not only changed my life, it saved my life."
"Dosage 250mg 1/c daily initially caused drastic strain on liver and overwhelming sedation. 30days of 125mg 2/c daily significantly reduced liver and kidney pain while improving emotional stability, depression, impulsivity &amp; patience with interpersonal relationships. Recommend in conjunction with an antipsychotic for people with BPD/Emotion-Impulse Regulation Dysfunction."
"After years of just dealing with what my ever-fleeting groups of friends called &quot;moody-behavior&quot; (I never seemed to keep friends more than a year). I decided to get therapy, but cognitive behavioral therapy, my therapist kept hinting for me to see a psych and get medicines, at least for the depression. After months of pressure I relented and decided to just see my GP and ask for anti-depressants. Needless to say they didn&#039;t work and made me feel distant yet anxious, constantly anxious and at the ready. I waited to see if my body would adjust, it didn&#039;t. I quit. I reached out to a recommended psych and was given a script for Lamotrigine, as I went up in dosage (to 200mg) I started to notice that life made sense. It was/is a NEW DAY."
"6&#039;3&quot; and 314 lbs when I started Contrave nearly 3 weeks ago.  I&#039;m still ramping up the dosage.  Right now I&#039;m at 304.  No side effects so far for me.  Appetite is way down and cravings nearly gone.  Have to watch my blood sugar closely from getting too low.    Ramping down on diabetes meds.  Blood pressure is lower than it has been in years.  Portion control is much easier than I ever remember."
"I am a 27 year old 5&#039;2 women. My weight started at 242lbs on March 1st. I lost 8lbs in a month teaching myself how to eat right. I just went to the doctor on April 21st and he gave me Adipex for 30 days. I started taking it on the 22nd and today is the 25th and I have lost 7lbs in 4 days. I do have dry mouth, nausea, headache at night and have trouble sleeping. I don&#039;t have that burst of energy I hear so many talk about. I have not started working out yet, but tonight I will start that. I too do not crave sweets and I also am a huge coke drinker and I haven&#039;t wanted one since I started. All I want is water and that&#039;s a good thing. This is my first time taking Adipex and so far I am very happy with it."
"This has been a lifesaver for me for anxiety and insomnia.  I was on Zoloft 75mg for the last 5 months and it was of little benefit.  I&#039;ve only been on 7.5 mg of Remeron for 7 days but the results have been great, (still also on 75mg of Zoloft). Remeron gives me a good 8-9 hours of sleep every day, a strong appetite (I lost 25 pounds in 5 months when I began to have these problems).  My energy level is returning to normal.  90% of my anxiety is gone.  It is nothing short of a miracle.  Yes, I feel a bit groggy &amp; dopey for an hour or two after I wake up but that is a small price to pay for me getting my life back."
"I was scared to try this birth control cause of all the negative feedback I was reading, but I got it inserted in October 2010 and the first three days were scary because I felt a rush of hormones (like if you took 2 birth control pills at once).  I am very sensitive to birth control, so I was scared because I thought that I would have the worst reaction.  But, after 3 days, the &quot;hormonal feeling&quot; subsided and I have had maybe three periods in 6 months and all have been light and easy.  I have had no weight gain and nothing really negative to say about it at all!  And, I am not pregnant, phew!"
"I didn&#039;t know anything about Mirena except that it was a little T-shaped piece of plastic that lasts for 5 years.  So I chose to get it. I&#039;ve had slight occasional cramping and rare bleeding that&#039;s very light and only lasts a few hours when it does occur.  I&#039;ve had it in for about 2 1/2 years.  The only scary thing is reading the horror stories all these women have about it.  I have had no problems since it&#039;s insertion aside from terrible cramping for about a half hour while my cervix adjusted to it once it was put in.  I know that as long as nothing bad ends up happening that I&#039;ll be having it replaced once my 5 years is up.  I love Mirena."
"I have been on this pill for a few weeks, and it has caused me to cry constantly! I feel depressed ALL THE TIME, and I have no appetite. So, this pill isn&#039;t for me."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for about 4 months and I&#039;ve really had no problems with it. I have had a lost of appetite but nothing to severe I also missed a period one month but that hasn&#039;t happen again and my periods have been really light and short. No mood swings. Some acne but not much more the usual."
"I started taking Wellbutrin (150mg) during an extreme depressive episode. It helped even me out a lot, though it didn&#039;t address all of my symptoms. I increased the dose to 300mg but had to drop back down because I was having trouble sleeping. This is the only side effect I&#039;ve experienced while on this medication. I&#039;ve been on it for a year and a half now and overall it has helped a lot. I&#039;m still depressed but I&#039;m no where near as bad as before taking Wellbutrin. I&#039;m looking into adding an SSRI or something as an adjunct therapy to try to make things even better."
"Have been on phenomine 30MG now for the past 4 days and have lost 4 lbs. I have been having dry mouth. my starting weight was 270lbs. I&#039;ll post an update in 21days."
"I started taking this for fibromyalgia, due to the reports that naltrexone helps with fibro pain. I also qualified for the weight loss  part of the medication, so my doctor was fine prescribing it to me. I could not tell it has done anything for weight loss but my pain is 98% gone.  I can&#039;t do the full dose as it tends to keep me up at night I have found three a day works great for me.
 I&#039;m wondering if anyone else has taken this for Fibro"
"I&#039;m 18 and a first time user for depression medicines. I was just given 50mg of this to start out and so far it has helped a lot and it&#039;s only been three days. I haven&#039;t had any energy for a month and just wanted to sleep all the time but now I&#039;m doing things like cleaning and going out! The only problem is it makes me sick and I&#039;ve had headaches, dilated pupils and sleep problems but it is worth it and I&#039;m sure it&#039;ll get better as the days go by."
"First time ever using birth control. I&#039;ve only had it for a couple days now and aside from the pain, I have no complaints. The procedure hurt far worse than expected, but Ibuprofen has been a great help with that. I&#039;ve had severe pelvic region pain since, had times I could barely move/walk but I&#039;m pushing through the pain and making it work until insurance allows me to have it removed."
"I took Bactrim for a spider bite that was infected. The nausea and vomiting was unbearable but my wound was almost gone after a day. I think I would rather have vomiting than have an infection. "
"I am man and I have rosacea from 13 years. today 19 years Dr to try me accutane 20 mg 4 times a week and my rosacea to improved.  I  took 4 months of treatment and will be updating as I will going ."
"I have been on Remicade for nearly 4 years.  Prior to that I had a variety of Crohn&#039;s issues including two surgeries for peri-anal fistulas, severe fatigue and lots of other fun stuff.  I have been very lucky in that I have responded very well to the stuff and now most days I am fortunate enough to forget I have the disease.  I was apprehensive about potential side effects but to date have experienced none.  Prior to Remicade I took a few medications which did absolutely nothing but the Remicade had a pronounced effect within 24 hours of my first infusion.  If you have Crohn&#039;s or Colitis would seriously consider an anti TNF blocker (haven&#039;t used any of the others) and stay the hell away from steroids."
"Sometimes use it. Really good effect, my wife happy! Erection is very strong and long, and absolutely no side effects for me."
"This medicine has been a life saver. Although I don&#039;t have ibs, I do have generalized anxiety, which can cause a variety of unpleasant ibs-like symptoms. My doctor first tried me on various antidepressants; however, none of them worked. Paxil was by far the worst. It made me sleep 12+ hours a day, it made me feel like a zombie--I lost my sex drive and all of my motivation to do school work--and it made me suicidal. Although I have had some pretty terrible experiences with anxiety, I&#039;ve never been suicidal, so I knew I had to get off Paxil ASAP. If it wasn&#039;t for Librax, I wouldn&#039;t have been able to get through my junior year of college. This medicine isn&#039;t a &quot;cure all,&quot; but it does allow me to function as normally as possible."
"Her 2 positive breast cancer stage 3: Early detection, cancer removed.Had blockage of cancer in 1 lymph node: good: it blocked cancer from spreading, bad: gave me stage 3 harsher protocol from studies .I had 6 months of 3 types of chemo every 21 days. Then 6 more months of Herceptin only(newest Trojan chemo drug on the market) very expensive.Had 6 weeks of radiation every day of the business week. I have been on Arimidex now for 3.5 years &amp; effects are making me wonder why I&#039;m living daily like this in pain etc, I&#039;m 65 now. I have all the harsh symptoms, newest is my jaw cracking and sticking.With all that chemo drug therapy including this drug, surgery &amp; radiation I&#039;m choosing to stop .,.Its hard to rate, so I gave a 5."
"I&#039;ve been on Bystolic for a few weeks, and it&#039;s true that it controlled my rate very quickly. I have had a fast heart rate with apparently no cause they can discover. Like an average of 95, then 105 walking. Now, the rate is 68.  Amazing.  My pressure was also higher and now, it&#039;s better."
"I have 2 phobias in my life. The first one being spiders, the other one is public speaking. I think we all get the same symptoms from performance anxiety/public speaking. I.E trembling hands, weak voice, heart rushing and face blushing and we all know how embarrassing it is. Now the thing with propranolol is that you will feel as anxious and afraid as always the moments before your presentation, but as soon as you start talking and notice that no physical symptoms appears, the anxiety goes away. Like, in less than a minute. This drug has saved my life and my career and I&#039;m so thankful. Had a presentation today for 35 ppl, first time in 3 years. And propranolol made me nail the presentation, without ANY physical symptoms. I took 60mg."
"I have been prone to getting yeast infections... I get rid of them then they seem to come back in no time. Anyways I decided to give this stuff a try because you can use it at anytime of the day (many other products you can only use at nighttime) I used it in the middle of the day and all of my symptoms were gone the next day... it took about 24 hours but it seemed my yeast infection was completely cured. I know it takes longer for it to be completely out of your system but all of the symptoms were gone and I no longer felt like a had a yeast infection. I am not sure if it was just the diflucan that got rid of it, as I decided to take a double dose of probiotic the same day, but whatever it was seemed to work."
"I love Saphris.  Best thing that ever happened to me.  No other medicine compares.  Down side, it&#039;s so expensive.  I get samples from my psychiatrist, but I will be moving out of state soon and I am so afraid I won&#039;t be able to afford Saphris.  It&#039;s the only medicine that gave me the least amount of side effects and lets me lead a normal life."
"I have been taking Requip for 5 years.  It took it for several months to get used to it but have been doing well. I titrated up to 14 mgs per day but found that I became restless, agitated and somewhat obsessive. I backed off to 10 mgs and feel fine. Levodopa/Carbidopa was added 3 years ago to control painful dystonia.  I have not had any episodes of falling asleep."
"I bought Dulcolax after being constipated for a week and googling some good medicine. I took one pill and after I took it, I came to this website and read the reviews. I got really scared! But nothing happened except for being really thirsty (drank around 2L of water). Two days after, I took two tablets. I waited for a while and the cramps started: nothing much, it was painful but it wasn&#039;t unberable. 15min after the first cramps I was done.
My advice: if you never took it, start with one and see how you feel. And don&#039;t get scared by reviews, everyone reacts diffently."
"Couldn&#039;t ask for anything more. I wanted friends and a better relationship, and that&#039;s what I got, and so much more. I have my life, energy and happiness back. I&#039;ve been taking Celexa for about a month now, and I feel so much better."
"Lyrica worked (for 2 weeks) when I first began taking 75mg then it stopped helping at all ...now @ 100mg 3 times a day it still is ineffective.."
"I been on it for a month and so far I have had no major side affects and I like it haven&#039;t have a period yet and like it but haven&#039;t had much of a sex drive other than that love it"
"Maybe shouldn&#039;t have been writing a review at this point. 1st day taking Chantix, took 1st pill about 2 hours ago, no nausea experienced, positive reaction, I hope. Praying the rest of the journey is as positive as my first pill. Thanks for all the positive  input from Chantix users, it made my mission to quit smoking even more certain. Will keep informed!!!"
"Given one shot Rocephin (IM, dorsogluteal) for severe UTI.  Shot a little painful, but experienced relief of abdominal discomfort within about 30 minutes.  Some bruising, but definitely worth it for the quick relief."
"I am 46 and found that I was not consistently staying hard after prolonged sex or masturbating. My recovery time after orgasm seemed like days. I am not on any other medication, very active, and eat healthy. I also do not smoke or drink alcohol. I decided to bring it up and get a sample. I was pleasantly surprised! I did get a flush feeling that went away. Also, I might get a slight headache the next morning but can be cleared up by taking something. However, the benefits were solid erections when turned on. It also lasts, like others mentioned, into the next day but not as strong. Again, you must be turned on for this to work. If you are not attracted, in the mood, or desensitized/overworked then it may not work well."
"Nothing worked for me until my doctor gave me samples of Dexilant. I had tried everything over the years. My world changed, the pain went away, and I have no side effects. 
I know it&#039;s very expensive and I have to get authorization from my insurance company, but it&#039;s well worth it. I wouldn&#039;t be able to function on a daily basis without it."
"This is the first birth control and the only birth control I will ever try, I love it! I became sexually active about 9 months ago and decided to have the birth control at hand. I read all these reviews and became so scared but I&#039;m glad I tried it for myself! Me and my boyfriend don&#039;t use condoms but I&#039;ve taken my birth control on time every day at the SAME TIME. I have never had weight gain nausea or vomiting even in the beginning. I have had a pregnancy scare since I&#039;ve been on it and I get my period every fourth week of my cycle. I will continue this medicine until I decide to have children. Also I&#039;ve had bad acne for years and to be honest it hadn&#039;t all went away but it has not gotten worse at all."
"I&#039;ve had a terrible experience with migraines and tried multiple prevention medications. I have been hospitalized multiple times as well for DHE, and now have the injections at home. My first prevention med for migraines was nortriptyline and it made me feel even worse, I do not recommend. I had terrible side effects from it lasting over a week after I had stopped the medication. I&#039;ve been on topamax for months for 7 months now and it helped at first but my headaches have gotten so bad I&#039;m decreasing it. But I recommend over nortriptyline. I&#039;ve now started gabapentin and this has actually helped with my pain component. Beta-blockers can also be a good preventative, I&#039;m on nadolol as well."
"I LOVE the Nuvaring. It&#039;s great, no side effects, and there&#039;s no way to forget. I haven&#039;t gained any weight or had terrible mood swings. My usually long and heavy period is now only 3 or 4 days and pretty light. The only bad thing is it seems to pull the condom off when I&#039;m having sex. This has happened 4 times since I&#039;ve been using it and I usually can&#039;t get it out until the next day (with some work) I end up pulling out the ring and the condom comes out with it. I asked my doctor and she said she&#039;s never heard of this. Hope this helps if anyone else has this happen, but in comparison to all the alternatives...NUVARING IS AWESOME."
"Works well without any side effects."
"I&#039;m 15 and This is my 1 night using monistat 7 and boy do I tell you! The itch is extremely bad!!! The itch is coming from the inside and I&#039;m in tears of how bad it itches! It&#039;s so bad I&#039;ve lost track of time but I&#039;ve been itching now for about 40 mins and its eased just a bit, no more crying but I&#039;ll continue the product"
"I was  diagnosed with bipolar when I was fifteen years old. I have been on several other medications and stopped taking them when I was eighteen and did not take them for ten years. I developed substance issues with alcohol and drugs to try and self medicate. I had a lot of personal and social problems. I was put on Zyprexa less than a week ago and it has quite literally saved my life and my current marriage. I have not experienced any side effects. I take only 5mg once a day in conjunction with lithium. WOW!"
"I&#039;ve been taking 10 mg of Lexapro for almost 4 months now. Before I started Lexapro, I was very depressed and I wanted to end my life. Now that I am taking Lexapro the depression is gone but with a few side effects. I am thankful for this medication, but it does make me feel emotionless, restless, tired and I now have an extreme lack of motivation. I plan on talking to my doctor about this soon and hopefully I can find a better medication that will suit me better."
"I wanted a implant in but suddenly I just went for this Evra patches. They are amazing. I didn&#039;t get any side effects. It helped me a lot, but you have to keep this in mind that you have to use them properly. I missed couple of days and got pregnant straight away. I would recommend these to everyone. "
"After reading some of the reviews I noticed I have Experienced A LOT of the same side effects some have you all have. I been on the Nexplanon for almost three years, I was so young when I got I never really noticed the side effects until now I never even thought that my birth control could be the cause of some of the things I have went through. My periods were super irregular I knew that was one of the side effects though I use to bleed a lot I was always spotting or on my period , not so much now I get the worst headaches ever out of nowhere and its so hard for me to get turned on. I&#039;m never really in the mood for sex. My Nexplanon expires in August but reading these reviews &amp; finally figuring the cause I need this removed."
"It has been a tremendous improvement for me.  Before the medication, I was unable to play in the yard with my children because of constant urges and frequent incontinence.  Now (with the medication) I am training for my first 5K run.  The urges are gone and I&#039;m able to use the bathroom like a normal person.  I don&#039;t have the fear of an accident like I did before.  It&#039;s amazing!"
"My entire life since a young child I&#039;ve been fighting post traumatic stress disorder, anxiety and depression. I didn&#039;t even know it until I was about 22. I was in a very bad car accident and it changed my life and worsened my anxiety. My panic attacks were so bad I&#039;d be just sobbing and screaming and crying and freaking out in waves throughout the whole day. I finally sucked up my pride and admitted something was wrong and I needed to see a Doctor. I went and he immediately put me on 20 mg dose. It was great I did calm down quite a bit and when I&#039;d have flashbacks it came without panic attacks. It&#039;s been a year and I&#039;ve hit the poop-out. I was at 40mg 4 months ago and now I&#039;m at 5mg and take Wellbutrin XL for this last month to regain my energy. ITS WORKING."
"I tried Testim samples and found its fragrance revolting and it did not dissipate through the day.  I cannot imagine smelling as if I applied cologne every day of my life.  And I really ripped into the manufacturer&#039;s stupidity on their website.  One thing any man with hypogonadism wants is for no one but his doctor and lover to know he has hypogonadism.  Walking around with the same strong scent everyday would be odd in an office environment and no doubt someone would ask what the cologne name is.  It is so thoughtless."
"I&#039;ve been taking Microgestin for almost a year now. It has been great at preventing pregnancy. The first three months I got mood swings bad, but now it works great! Absolutely love the pill!"
"Face cleared. Gained 5 pounds. No vomiting for me or irregular mood swings. Also my periods are very very precise. Only bad thing is the super decreased limbo. Just don&#039;t care for it anymore it seems"
"It was a pretty good sleep aid overall.  I did not build a tolerance, but decided to stop using it because it left a bad taste in my mouth.  As soon the bitter taste kicked in I could easily fall asleep.   I could get a full 8 hours of good sleep on it.. too bad the taste lasted until noon the next day and nothing could get the taste away."
"I&#039;m 55 years old and in reasonably good health but noticed I was losing it about 5 years ago to the point where my wife and I were having very little sex.  I got scammed in one of those ED clinics, tried a pump (it was awkward and not that effective) and then I tried Viagra.  While it worked, it gave me the worst headaches and sinus along with severe flushing, which was bad for my complexion.  Finally I went and saw a good urologist who steered me to Cialis. Unbelievable!  On 20 mg I must have had sex 15 times over a long weekend, something not done since we were in our twenties.  The residual effect of this medicine is amazing.  My wife is a very happy woman."
"Started Trilipix about one month ago, experiencing unbelievable pain in ankle areas having trouble walking.  Contacting physician today regarding pain.  Suspect pain is related to this drug."
"I get YI often and have used Monistat 7 before.  Tried 3 today and I spent thirty minutes in the shower trying to get the stuff out of me.  Started with itching a couple minutes after insertion and now I&#039;m burning and wondering why I did this to myself. I recently had my gut checked out and they found lots of yeast which explains a lot.  Started a probiotic and cut out gluten, dairy, and sugar. This helped and has proven a less regretful decision to taking Monistat."
"I&#039;ve been on Ocella for two days, but those two days my doctor advised me to take a double dose (two pills a night) for these first 2 nights. So far I&#039;ve had bad nausea, dizziness, headaches, and been extremely tired. I hope that when I start a regular dose these side effects will go away."
"I have been taking this medication for over a year. One excellent side effect is that my insomnia is gone.  I almost gave up on trying antidepressants as nothing seemed to work for me. Then I was prescribed Symbyax and my life changed for the better in just a few days!  This medication is definitely worth a try if you have depression or bi-polar disorder."
"I have suffered from rheumatoid arthritis for 30 years. I have been through all the NSAID drugs, Celebrex , etc, Methotrexate injections, gold shots, Aspirin in mega doses. I finally found a Doctor who understood. He prescribed oxycontin 40mg 3 times a day for my pain. I still have pain, but it is liveable. I am on disability, and am also able to hold a part-time job. I don&#039;t struggle to do simple things like take a shower or do the dishes. This medicine has changed my life."
"This medication combined with Finacea cream saved my skin! I was having terrible localized breakouts that would leave bad scars. Once I started religiously using Oracea and Finacea (to help with redness) my skin looks amazing, I rarely need to wear makeup now.

Only downside is it makes my lips sensitive. The tend to look swollen- which is not such a bad thing.

I would recommend this to anyone dealing with Rosacea."
"This product REALLY works. Vicks Sinex is the only nasal spray that really works and clears up your nose to breathe properly and get some good sleep when you&#039;re congested. Always keep it with me when I travel and during winter times. Best product for quick relief!!"
"I have a disorder called RSD/CRPS one of the things this has affected is my hearing and sensitivity to movement so when I have to get in a large crowd or noisy environment like an airport I can take one of these and it dramatically helps since I never know when I will be in a situation like that. It is nice to be able to take a quick acting medicine to help. It does a great job"
"I can&#039;t find the 0 for this crappy poison pill. I&#039;m 3 years out and still suffer pains and other toxicity symptoms , do you research before taking this horrible pill , I talk a least with 2 new people everyday damage by this pill"
"I&#039;ve always been somewhat emotional, but at the age of 16 I was feeling really sad. I have been on Lexapro for about 5 years now, first 20 mg and eventually upped to 40 mg daily. At 19, I started getting panic attacks and high anxiety. My doctor put me on Effexor XL, which caused weight gain and made me feel worse. I was switched to Welbutrin 150 mg daily and the combination of Lexapro and Welbutrin seemed to help. The past few months, I have been upped on Welbutrin to 300 mg. I have to say, Lexapro doesn&#039;t come in generic and is VERY expensive, especially with no insurance. Don&#039;t forget to take your Lexapro, because the withdrawal can be bad."
"Been on patch going on 2 months. I love it. Notice boobs are getting bigger and a little sensitive. I place the patch on my buttock and put waterproof band aids to prevent it from unsticking due to bathing. I also learned to attach new patch before removing old 1 it decrease the sick feeling. I take one a day vitamins to prevent feeling sleepy. So far so good."
"So I had the ParaGuard for 2 years 2 months before I had it removed last Friday.  I really enjoyed the ParaGuard and my husband enjoyed it as well.  I had heavier periods for the most part while having the IUD inserted.  Up until recently my periods where retiring to normal.  Now your asking why did you have it removed?? I noticed that I was a weeks late for my period and I had breast tenderness.  So I thought to myself no way or can I really be pregnant?  So I took a pregnancy test a week and two days ago and of course it was positive.  I thought to myself I have two kids already I&#039;m almost 33 and I have an IUD how can this be.  So if you get the IUD just keep in mind you could be part of the 1% that gets pregnant like me."
"I have been on Qsymia for 2 weeks now, started at 305 and 295 as of last night. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects to this date. I have use the app &quot;Lose It&quot; to keep up with my food intake and also brought the Lose it scale. I found drinking water in large amounts helps with the dry mouth. Looking to lose 91lbs, will update soon."
"One of the biggest draw backs to this medication is the cost. My insurance pays 80% and I end up paying 35/ month. 

I have had some improvements to my pain and sleep and while I am thankful for any gains the lack of a generic makes for a barrier. I am not seeing the improvements I would have liked for the cost. &amp; 

Oh and a caution it interacts with a lot of other medications used to treat fibromyalgia so consult your pharmacist before taking. 

I regularly end up skirting the fine line of seratonin syndrome with the cocktail I am taking for my fibromyalgia with no depression."
"I&#039;ve been prescribed this birth control since my 6 week checkup February 14th but I didn&#039;t start taking pills until March 12th After sexual intercourse, but I wasn&#039;t taking them everyday like I should. My period still came on a couple days early and was regular but I have cramps even after my period. A couple of days ago April 8th I started taking the pills everyday and the cramping are starting to decrease but I have headaches and My stomach bubbled up like I had diarrhea &amp; I felt nauseous at one point ."
"I like many other reviewers have grown up on Privine Nasal Drops/Spray. I bought all I could last year hearing it was to be discontinued. Now I don&#039;t know what else to use. Privine was very mild on my nasal membranes and I didn&#039;t get nose bleeds like I do with other brands. Please please please bring it back!!!!!"
"Middle of the road so far.  Agree that this is expensive.  I am using with pump therapy to counter those quick spikes after a meal and combine this with a normal or extended bolus.  Overall A1Cs range from 5.9% - 6.4% and this is being used to fine tune."
"Works good definitely helps stay asleep. Can make you a little dizzy."
"This really works. I was amazed at the results, almost bedridden took the pill felt better within 24 hours, still tired the body aches and flu like feeling mostly gone. Didn&#039;t believe it would work but it does."
"I am a 15 year old female experiencing acne from puberty. I was prescribed the medication by my dermatologist. I am also using Acanya un the morning with Neutrogena SPF. In addition, I am moisturizing with Cetaphil.
At first I noticed the treatment was working well besides mild stinging and redness, but after three weeks I am now having an increase in white heads in areas I have never had any problems with like my cheeks and chin. The acne seems to be small fine bumps that are deep under my skin - I believe theses are called closed comodones. Hopefully this is just the initial breakout."
"I&#039;ve ALSO never left a review for anything in my life, but reading these responses was a lifesaver for me, so I need to pay it forward. I have been on nuvaring, yaz &amp; orthotricyclen lo over the past 15 years and my skin has been pretty much flawless my whole life (I&#039;m 29). In April 2016 I told my doctor I wanted to switch to whichever birth control had the lowest dose of hormones, as I figured that was just the healthiest thing to do. After a week on this garbage I started having HORRIBLE cystic acne with whiteheads on my chin and some on my jawline. My diet and exercise routine are super solid. I don&#039;t eat dairy or gluten. I&#039;m not on any other medications. So it&#039;s pretty obvious the loloestrin FE is the culprit here."
"I have no idea what&#039;s going on.. I started Triness mid-September and it started to clear up my acne beautifully within 2 months. Best skin I&#039;ve ever had! Since mid-December until now, however, I&#039;ve completely regressed, horrible acne on my face and breakouts on my back as well. Has anyone else had the experience of it working, then not? Or any suggestions of whether to switch to Ortho Tri Cyclen instead of the generic?"
"Did an amazing job at getting me back to normal although I still suffer from panic attacks in my sleep. This also helped me greatly with my depression and made me feel normal again. "
"prestiq 200mg . Maybe it was way too strong. The side effects out weighed the effect by absolute miles. Side effects were I couldn&#039;t stand up for longer than 4 hours , got dizzy spells ..dropped work  from 8-10 hrs/day too maybe 12 hours a week, had really bad nightmares and 
 really bad mood swings
 I felt suicidal,  and continued to have those thoughts for next 3 weeks.
I gained 6kg in 3 weeks .
I had to take valium and mersondyl forte for the down times .
I had erection problems , so viagra to counter act with that. . I cannot say anything good about it
The best remedy was to start walking , biking , sport,  record times and try and beat those times , achievements . I need a sense of accomplishment. valium for down times , had to have it anyway"
"I do take Bentyl on occasion for IBS but wondering if anyone with the Eustachian Tube problem is seeing any relief with Bentyl. My ears are driving me crazy.  I did have a huge weight loss several years ago and my NET seems to think this created my ear problem.  Weight gain seems to be my only option at this point but I am comfortable at my current weight.  Anybody else having the echo/roaring problem???"
"This will be the 6th month I&#039;ve been on Estarylla, but I&#039;m going to stop taking it &amp; find another birth control. Although it&#039;s done its job with preventing pregnancy, this certain pill makes me much more emotionally unstable. Before taking it I was a social &amp; overall happy person but now I get upset over the most insignificant things, push people away, feel anxious/sad more often than I&#039;m happy. :( It&#039;s even affected my relationship with my boyfriend bc he thinks I&#039;m always sad around him but it&#039;s just this dang pill messing with my emotions! I know medications affect people differently, but from seeing the other reviews just be warned that this pill can increase depression, mood swings, anxiety, etc."
"My doctor put me on this because I was bleeding heavily throughout every month. I have been on birth control for the past 6 years. BeYaz was my last which made me so nauseous, which I never experienced before and constant bleeding. Since my switch to Lo Loestrin, the bleeding stopped, however my cramps right now are severe. I also lost weight on this."
"Albuterol is the best inhaler ever to me. It&#039;s fast acting and has a good rapid response. It does it&#039;s job and I was furious when they stopped giving Albuterol inhalers. "
"I have had a terrible experience with this drug. First night I took them I started getting light headaches I kept going for three more days before I realized it was the drug. I stopped for one day, my headache cleared up after 24hrs, I started them up again. I was fine until today the second day in the headache was there again, lightly at first but for the last 6 hours it has been a nightmare. I feel like my teeth are trying to get into my brain. 
They&#039;ve also caused insomnia I can&#039;t sleep for more than 2-4 hours at a time."
"Got my impant Nov 2014 having it taken out tomorrow.  The pro of having it not having to remember to take a daily pill. Cons in my experience weight gain and not beings able to lose it even with diet and exercise. Acne which I&#039;ve haven&#039;t experience since I was a teenager. Mood swings and depression. First three months I bleed after that my period last two weeks every month.  My period use to last 3 to 5 days. The insertion wasn&#039;t too bad with the exception of the needle. But having it removed I will have stitches put in and have a scar. But at this point I can&#039;t take it anymore I just want to out. I thought because I&#039;m healthy and fit I wouldn&#039;t have negative side affects, but my body didn&#039;t respond favorably."
"I got my first shot in June and at first had my normal 5 day period but in July I started bleeding again and been bleeding since. I got my second shot in August and that didn&#039;t help. I&#039;m still bleeding and having migraines that I never had before and its October. "
"Been taking this medicine for two years with no outbreaks and no side effects. It&#039;s been life changing."
"I first took Lexapro some 4-5 yrs ago for anxiety. I don&#039;t think I was depressed just had a lot of anxiety through stress and if I drank, and I&#039;m not talking a lot, a few beers, I would wake up all edgy, not hungover, pure anxiety, but I was feeling like that quite often.  It definitely worked right away and the anxiety ceased.  I eventually stopped taking it because I felt I didn&#039;t need it anymore.  4-5 years later, I was going through some serious depression.  My wife at the time suggested perhaps I go back on; this was definitely depression, much more than anxiety.  Anyway, it was disastrous!  The minute I started taking it, the depression got worse!  The Dr. told me to try to get through it for a week or two and I just couldn&#039;t."
"Do NOT take this birth control.  I have been on Orsythia for about two years.  My insurance company switched me to Vienva without notifying me.  I figured I&#039;d just try it out to see how it worked out so I wouldn&#039;t have to keep reminding my pharmacy to give me Orsythia rather than Vienna.  Anyway, I&#039;ve only been on this medication for 4 days and have already contacted the pharmacy about paying out of pocket to get my Orsythia pack back.  In only 4 days I am a completely different person.  I&#039;ve gone through a roller coaster of emotions from anxiety, to anger, to just sobbing for no reason.  Also I&#039;ve come very close to vomiting because anything other than carbs has made my stomach terribly upset.  I will never take this medication ever again."
"My depression and anxiety left me house bound and unable to pull myself out of bed, incapable of getting into the shower and basic everyday tasks. I&#039;m 1 week into my Zoloft prescription and feeling lows and peaks of the medication. Today is tough which is why I found this site to see how you all feel. Does anyone feel like huge surge of depression? I don&#039;t understand the overwhelming feelings today out of the blue?"
"After years of thinking life was over and I would have to live with paranoia in public, voices in my head and uncomfortable horrific feelings for life I tried this and within a month it evenly spreaded what I was once missing in my head from being traumatized by the death of my grandpa. At first my tounge was numb and anxiety was high the next day after taking 40mg at night with food but taking serequel or hydroxzine every 6 hours frequently they coordinated perfect with each other and through out my experience I forgot about the thoughts, delusions, and was able to live my life care free as my psychosis being a bad memory"
"This is my second time on paroxetine after suffering with severe panic attacks and depression, I was a complete wreck but had to do something quickly! I tried all the self help programmes as well but nothing worked! The doctor put me on another medicine first (sertraline). I was in a state after 3 weeks and severe insomnia, weight loss due to no appetite! So I decided to go back to paroxetine. I started on 5mg and slowly went up to 20mg over about 5 weeks, I&#039;m now feeling so much better, this medicine has helped me get back to my old self and I&#039;m thankful for that! I&#039;m in the UK so don&#039;t pay insurance."
"I found the medication very helpful with only some nausea lasting a few days but constipation that continued. It was very calming and helped my sleep. Then after about 2 months I began to get pain in all of my joints especially any joint that I may have injured in the past. I was unable to get through a work out at the gym and that is the best treatment for me. The day that I opened a tube of toothpaste and wrenched  the joint in my thumb was when I had to say enough. It has taken now over 3 months to regain my range of motion and to be mostly without pain caused by this medication. After reading the other review about joint pain I felt I should also comment about my experience."
"Works great on pain. I would be bedridden without it."
"I had 2 shots (1 every 6 months) for 2 years, then skipped 6 months.  I plan to begin again next March for bone preservation.  I want to avoid fracture risks.  I had no bad side effects."
"Doctor started me on 60 mg to control my BP, later increased to 90 mg. The drug worked great in controlling my BP and I had no side effects for about 3 months. Then the ankle swelling started. It got to a point where I was limping and it was painful to walk down stairs. Doctor decreased dosage to 30 mg and added Coversyl about 2 months ago. Ankle swelling is almost gone and mobility in my ankles is almost back to 100%."
"extremely effective in lowering glucose and also blood pressure...however, likely due to dehydration, despite attempting Best to keep hydrated, drinking water frequently.  Biggest side effect, after 2 weeks on medicine, had a constant brain fog, consistently felt foggy, head was not clear, was difficult to perform any action...also felt very weak....100 mg dosage 1x/ day...took about 2 days being off medication return to normal head function, could not stay on medicine"
"Have suffered all my life with IBS. Not diaganosed until 25. Librax saved my life."
"very helpful for me. Some anxiety the first couple of months but none now. I havent breathed this well in years and have the results to prove it."
"Okay, the original lunesta was extremely effective, I received samples. For 330 month  I couldn&#039;t get prescription. So years later they have a generic version. I got a months worth for 111$$. At 3 mg nothing......so I try 6mg.....nothing no bad or good to report! These pills are FRAUD!!!! I&#039;m well accustomed to meds and the generic I took did nothing. I&#039;d get more effect from sugar pill!! I&#039;m getting this so others can see not all generics are equal. There are various companys. I didn&#039;t know this, so if you suspect your med isn&#039;t up to particular like it used to be.....check the maker!! I&#039;m very upset about this. I&#039;m out $111 for the month for a fake pill made by the company"
"This medicine did wonders for me."
"I have had Liletta for a month now and it has caused me so much pain. During the procedure it was a pain I can&#039;t describe, but after it I was fine. Over that very long month I have had the worst cramping that I have never experienced in my life. I have tried multiple medications and nothing has worked. I have also been very nauseous and could barely eat anything. Everyone&#039;s body is different but I don&#039;t think my body likes it. I have a doctors appointment this week so we will see how that goes."
"If you&#039;re experiencing pain during urination caused by a UTI, I recommend Uricalm Max! Works almost instantly. Just make sure to wear panty liners while using this medication. It will turn your urine bright orange and will stain anything it comes into contact with."
"This medication DID work, but unfortunately after only one week i was one of the unlucky few who found out they were allergic. I broke out in a rash ALL OVER my body. I stopped immediately. It sucks cause it was making my skin kinda glowy. But its not worth it if your allergic. If your not, then it would probably be perfect."
"I started on Contrave 7/23/15 as of 10/1/15.  I  weighed 199 to start as of today I weight 178. In two months 8 days, I have lost 21 pounds. I want to lose about 50 more pounds.  It works great. I take 2 at 7:00am and 2 at 3:30pm. I didn&#039;t have any side effects. My insurance does cover the medication. I love it!"
"I&#039;ve been using the gel, so I don&#039;t have no taste problems with the pill. Same dosage though, I inset the gel vaginally once at bedtime for 5-7 days and so far I&#039;m on day 2 and no odor. I&#039;ve had no side effects accept mild stomach pain and a little fatigue. So far it&#039;s great but I will see as the process continues."
"For me, this is truly a wonder drug. Knocks out migraine in about half an hour. Well worth the money, especially when my migraines have lasted for many days in the past. The only side effect is this strange loopiness that comes after about an hour, but it ends an hour or so later. And, compared to the headache, short term loopiness is certainly not a bad thing."
"I encountered a bout of hypochondria when Doctors couldn%u2019t diagnose some pain I was having.  Slight worry turned into full-blown panic attacks and daylong anxiety.  With anxiety comes a bunch of physical symptoms and I was certain each one of those symptoms was more proof of me having some sort of undiscovered health condition, feeding into the anxiety.  My physician suggested I try going on Lexapro for 6 months and I was at the end of my rope so I reluctantly agreed.  Side effects were horrible but they went away and within 1 month of my first dose I was completley back to normal.  I&#039;ve now been off it for 6 months and its like my entire episode never happened.  Lexapro saved my life."
"I&#039;ve been under immense stress and it was throwing my hormones into whack. The NuvaRing put me back on track. I actually have a sex drive for the first time in 3 months."
"Lovin&#039; It!  I am about 5 days into the stuff.  Prescribed to me for UTI that cleared up in 2 days from this.  Sulphameth/TMP is a SUPERPILL.

1. No more UTI
2. No appetite - I barely eat more than a piece of fruit a day.  Losing the weight.
3. No thirst.  I am drinking a little but maybe 30oz a day.  (24oz Monster, 6oz water to take my 2 AM/PM doses).  Don&#039;t feel at all dehydrated, unless I go out in Sun.
4. Stress &amp; Anxiety gone.  And I was major stressed.
5.  40+ yrs sinus congestion gone.
Only side effect is sweating when I sleep really badly.  Oddly only at night, guess I detox more then.  I feel more energy and alive than ever.  Don&#039;t make me stop."
"I&#039;ve been chronically constipated since I was 5 (I&#039;m in my early 20&#039;s now). I always went to Doctors, who kept saying over and over &quot;fiber and water.&quot; Prune juice and normal laxatives (not stimulant laxatives) would have little to no effect on me. Amitiza makes me feel normal, and for the first time I can ever remember, I don&#039;t dread when I have to do a bowel movement. It&#039;s painless! I&#039;ve solved this taboo problem that I have suffered with for my entire life! Its a great feeling to have relief now. I do get nausea and a headache if I take it without a moderate sized meal. I also get cramps and explosive diarrhea if I take it and then eat a lot of dairy, like a milkshake (I&#039;m not lactose intolerant though). Despite this, I love this medicine!"
"About a 1 yr ago I had a very bad allergic reaction to shellfish were I thought I would die. I was with my husband &amp; my 5 yr old son in a restaurant when it happened. They rushed me to the hospital and later that day I went home just to come back 5 more times not knowing that they were panic attacks and a lot of anxiety. They gave me 1 mg of Ativan and I felt normal soon. I saw a Psychologist and a psychiatrist too and they told me I also suffer from phobia and its sad because I don&#039;t know what to do."
"LOVE this estrogen therapy!!! Have tried the gels and patches and this is by far the easiest to use. It&#039;s like spraying perfume on before I walk out the door every morning, I&#039;m only using one spray a day. Besides getting rid of my night sweats, I have more energy and feel much happier - even though I never knew how unhappy I really was until using Evamist. I got a co-pay card from my Dr and with my insurance it costs less than $25 a month. I think it&#039;s a bargain at any price! Strongly recommend you try it"
"After two years of uncontrolled bleeding on all different types of birth control this one is the only one thy ever worked and has been ever since! Everyone is different you just need to find the birth Control that works best for you !"
"I was diagnosed with B.E.D, P.T.S.D, and Depression.  My doctor put me on this medication about a week ago and I feel so much better!  I have tried a lot of other anti-depressants and none of them have ever worked for me.  They would make me sleep more (and usually I sleep like 14-16 hours a day anyway) and just feel emotionally numb.  I am currently sleeping 8 hours a night and waking up feeling energized.  It has also helped with the B.E.D.  Yesterday was my first day not having the issues I usually have with food.  I seen some comments that say the person felt good for a while and then in wore off.  I am currently on 150MG and on Monday I will increase to 300MG.  I will comment again when I have been on it for a few months :)"
"I am on day 3 of 7. this product is horrible and i wish i read these reviews first. Like many people we thought oh well known company must be good. I have never experienced such a burn in my vagina ever! I still have discharge and the burning is causing me to shake &amp; cry. I am washing this stufff out and going to the nearest urgent care."
"My experience has been terrible.  I am 42 and an educated woman who works in a high capacity job and I can&#039;t function.

I have been to the emergency room twice for disorientation and garbled writing/texts.   I have had several falls or balance issues,  one fall caused a concussion, now I walk with a cane on occasions.     I constantly forget things, events, appointments and more.  I finally had to go out on medical leave.   I am in the process of discontinuing all psych meds as they are ruining my life!!!"
"It seems to have my bi-polar condition under control it helps along with the medication celexa. I have found my moods not swinging as much."
"Botox, in short, gave me my life back.  It&#039;s literally a life saver."
"I have been on Bydureon for 3 months now and have found it to be effective at lower my blood sugar and decreasing my appetite. The side effects, however, have caused me to discontinue using it per my doctor&#039;s instructions.  I have been experiencing systems likened to having a stomach virus, bloated stomach, nausea and diarrhea, about every third to fourth week of the month. The effects are bad enough that I have had to miss work. I haven&#039;t experienced any knots at the injection site, but my goodness that&#039;s a large needle that has to be used!"
"I was a bit nervous about starting contrave due to all the listed side affects which sound scary. My healthcare professional said the suicidal thoughts would probably occur in someone under 18 y/o. She didn&#039;t have any comment on the part about seizures. Sister and I tried it on the same day. Sister took hers and panicked, thought she was dying so she didn&#039;t take any more. I have a high tolerance for everything so the dizziness and sudden nausousness didn&#039;t alarm me as much. Make sure you don&#039;t have anywhere to go when you 1st try it. First week was a little rough, I got immune to it. It does suppress my appetite but not much. I&#039;ve lost inches b/c I have energy to go to the gym now but my weight is about  the same as it was 2 months ago."
"Thank you so much for Chantix!  I have bullous emphysema. My doctor suggested Chantix so I figured I would give it a try. It took a couple of tries before I finally was able to quit.  The fact that you continue to smoke for the first week of taking the medication makes it easier.  The Chantix is building up in your system while you are starting to notice the cigarettes that you are really not craving but smoking more out of habit.  It made me nauseous but not enough to stop taking it. February 10 of this year (2017) was 3 years since I quit smoking!  On warning:  DO NOT STOP TAKING IT SUDDENLY.   It caused MAJOR depression.  You have to come off of it gradually.  Would I do it again, though?  You bet your butt, I would."
"I have tried about 5 different birth controls before my new doctor put me on minastrin. I have PCOS, doctors have recommended I always stay on birth control to help it. Before this pill I bled heavily for a month straight, 2 days after starting this the bleeding stopped. I now have a very light period for maybe 3 days. Medications can affect one person different from the next person, but this pill has been one of the best. The bonus is my insurance pays 100% for birth control."
"I have not missed a day of treatment and have not seen any change in my nail. I have one more refill to go, so remain hopeful but doubtful I will see any change."
"I started taking pregabalin for post surgical nerve pain. But noticed right away that it almost eliminated my anxiety, social anxiety, and depression. I take 150mg 3 times a day and have almost no anxiety issues anymore. There is a downside though, it makes me feel like I lost 30 IQ points being on it. Memory takes a big hit as well. Slows down the cognitive abilities a little bit. And withdrawal from Lyrica after stopping cold turkey a few times, due to insurance issues, is horrible. I like Lyrica and I think it&#039;s a good trade off for not being miserable everyday with anxiety."
"I think this is the only antipsychotic that has worked for me. I was on risperdal previously and it didn&#039;t work that well except that I made good friends and was nice usually but I was always really paranoid or psychotic when I&#039;d do all nighters for school and thought there was a serial killer outside the window. invega is much better though and I don&#039;t get that paranoia anymore or the really scary type of paranoia anymore although I get scared sometimes but it doesn&#039;t stop me from doing things. I&#039;m on 12 mg of invega and 300 mg of lamictal. Im not doing the best because the lamictal should be at 400 mg to be optimal. I wasn&#039;t able to tolerate too high of a dose of invega at first because it made me really tired&amp; sleep all day but I can now"
"Not that great of a drug! I am finally off of it and can say it was terrible. It worked ok in the beginning but it made me so unstable and miserable. Another drawback was the any small amount of alcohol would leave me feeling out of control. I&#039;m off of everything and feeling great mentally. I suffer from neuropathy, anxiety and depression but I think the depression and anxiety came from the Fetzima. Dr game me cymbalta 60 which was too much (bad reaction) so I&#039;m going to try 30 Mg for my pain and neuropathy to see what happens."
"I am 34 years old and have been a sufferer of cold sores from the age of 9 or 10.  I asked my doctor about treatment and she prescribed Valtrex for me in 2002.  When I get that tingling feeling in my lip I take a pill then take one exactly 12 hours later. I have not had a visible cold sore in nearly 10 years.  Valtrex is a little expensive, about $4.00 per pill, and I use about 15-20 pills per year.  As a long time user I would definitely recommend this medicine to anyone."
"Great!! No one posts the good reviews so I thought I would shed some light!
This was awesome had it for a little over two weeks now and I have no issues.
After the initial insertion (which hurt but was a breeze, took 2 minutes tops)I had pretty painful cramps for about 12 hours after. I was fine the next day which some brown discharge and bloating for around a week.
1. This IUD does not cause acne, but it lacks estrogen like the pill or other forms of birth control that help with clearing up acne. So you may get more pimples than usual but its what you would normally have with out the pill.
2. It doesn&#039;t effect weight gain, any weight gain maybe an un related issue from the birth control."
"I have not been diagnosed as a type 2 diabetic but do have insulin resistance, related to PCOS. I began trulicity 0.75 in Feb 2016 to take in conjunction with my already prescribed metformin XR 1000mg daily. Labs at that time: A1C 5.9, fast.gluc. 108, insulin lvl 22.6. Side effects: general blah feeling, mild nausea, some diarrhea (sometimes unexpected and explosive) sulphuric belching, reduced appetite, felt full faster. In May 2016, A1c and fast.gluc had increased but insulin was down to 12.3. Weight down 10 lbs.Trulicity increased to 1.5. Side effects: Mostly gas, appetite reduction &amp; feeling full easily. Regardless of the dose, the severity of the side effects vary greatly, even week to week. Next check up in Sept, I&#039;ll update the post!"
"I tried Orlistat years ago but was ignorant towards its use (not controlling fatty foods and having lovely sunset yellow accidents), so gave it up. I have struggled with PCOS (Poly Cystic Ovaries Syndrome) since the age of 17 and one of my symptoms has been WEIGHT. Always been overweight and when I do diet and exercise the hormonal imbalance will make it harder to lose the Ib&#039;s and I gain muscle instead. After two kids its become harder to lose any weight and decided to go back to prescribed Orlistat. 
Now 4 days in, bloated, flatulance, no accidents, looser stools and bloatness goes away after relieving myself. Not weighed myself yet. (2nd day I felt dizziness, but no more). I&#039;m careful with fat consumption and try not to snack in between meals."
"1995-1996 I was in 40mg is Accutane while stationed  in Okinawa, Japan. I was a Go getter soldier, but being on light duty 24/7 due to sun exposure I suddenly became depressed. I carried my depression out to civilian world when I left. Depression developed anxiety. My facial sweating was and still is profusive.. I&#039;m 38 yrs old the oldest grandchild of 54 grand kids and the only one without a child of my own, I blame Accutane. I&#039;m have 10% service connected tinnitus from use. And I just found out last month that I have glaucoma stemmed from the Occular opacities from use of Accutane. Been bloated ever since I left service in 1997, we are 2013. I esophagitis been scoped 21 times also colonoscopy at age 27"
"I was on Lo Loestrin Fe for 2 months. I took this medication because I had extremely painful periods. I was practically bed-ridden for 2-3 days every month. While the medication did help my pain go away, I bled... A LOT! My period itself was 4 days longer than usual and I spotted for a week and a half before having another full-size period. It was ridiculous. My doctor kept telling me &quot;Spotting is normal. Spotting will go away. It should stop soon.&quot; But I&#039;m telling you it was a lot of blood. I could constantly feel myself bleeding and it often times came out in clots. Not worth it in the end for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for about three years. The first two years, I took the pill for moderate acne. It worked great for my skin (which I cleanse religiously with Dermalogica now...if anyone wants a good skin care wash, that&#039;s it) and it did not seem to affect my weight. I&#039;m on the thin side for my tall frame, so a little weight would have been welcome. This last year is when I actually started using the pill as a form of contraception. It has worked very well for me, as in I&#039;m not pregnant, but I have breakthrough bleeding constantly. My doctor decided to switch my birth control. It is a great pill with minor side effects (headaches, spotting, breakthrough, acne flare-ups between packs). The Pill works differently for everyone."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for sometime now, and it helps out a little with the anxiety and all. I&#039;m on 50 mg 4 times a day, but I usually just double up the dose, and take it twice a day. I was on it for several years sometime a while back, and when I came off it, it was just awful for the people around me. "
"Experienced upset stomach and diarrhea - not much in the way of relief for hip and shoulder pain (possibly arthritis or bursitis)."
"I found this in Amman Jordan while traveling. The first thing I found that helps migraine symptoms. Can&#039;t find it in USA."
"Getting the real deal of Hyoscyamine is made extremely difficult.  The Ancient Greeks had Hyoscyamine but pharmacies want to push the various alloys and synthetics.   I don&#039;t want HyoMax or Levsin or Hyoscyamine Sulfate.  They give you what they think is selling at the time.  Hyoscyamine works, if you can get the real deal."
"I am 20 and have taken this pill for a little over a year. I have yet to get pregnant, so it does its job as far as I am aware. I haven&#039;t personally had the side effects of low sex drive or acne; my skin actually has cleared up a lot since starting it. I did, however, gain about 10 lbs after starting Microgestin (thankfully losing 5 lbs since the initial gain). Additionally, I noticed dramatic mood swings and depression. I feel like I cry over minor details, and I never used to cry about practically anything. It&#039;s the only birth control method I have tried and my insurance makes it free."
"I don&#039;t understand why this medication is not doing one thing for me? I know it works for everyone and yet for me, I just don&#039;t feel anything except that I want to smoke. I have cheated a little but I am trying. I think I would be just as good trying to quit on my own. I am disappointed because I was so excited to get this medication finally."
"Have been taking Lisinopril with Hydrochlorothiazide for about a year. Have been experiencing dry cough and dizziness. Also, it has not controlled blood pressure. Recently, have been coughing harder and longer. At my last visit, my doctor changed my medicine stating that it can cause angioedema.  My siblings have had the same experience. Bad Drug. Do research before taking any medication."
"It all makes sense after reading some of these reviews. I haven&rsquo;t been the most active person, but I did gain close to 20 lbs which happened once before on the same medication. I&rsquo;ve notice my mood being all over the place, rather inpatient and emotional at times. I also get headaches and now lower back pains. I think it&rsquo;s time to break up with Ortho..."
"This gel is amazing. At the beginning of the year I went from clear skin to a full on breakout all over my cheeks and chin of mostly cystic acne. I started using the gel after a prescription pill did not work and it literally saved me. At first I did not see any difference and my skin got much worse but I read that&#039;s what happens with this gel and decided I would stick it out for 3 months. after about 2 months of bad acne I finally started seeing results and now 3.5 months into the treatment am now acne free!"
"I have nocturnal epilepsy, since I was very young maybe 5 will say I&#039;ve had it, I&#039;ve been on all the drugs you could say nearly threw primary school to high school they made me sick and unable to function everyday spewing etc so at about 16 I said stuff it I&#039;m not taking any at all I&#039;ll deal with it, so recently this year I started on Vimpat and OMG it&#039;s a lifesaver for me!! So awake and switched on my partner says I hardly ever daydream he says he hasn&#039;t felt me or seen me having seizures at all!! Yes I feel out of it still but that&#039;s just me if I feel more awake I&#039;m happy I haven&#039;t had any of the symptoms people say but maybe headaches and my dreams are very vivid and I get nightmares but it&#039;s just like watching movies each night I guess LOL"
"This is the second time I have been on this medicine for bronchitis. The first time around it worked great but this time not so fast. I have been on it for 4 days and my symptoms are still the same just not as intense."
"My dentist gave me this 29 years ago for (temporomandibular joint pain) TMJ after I had cracked 4 teeth, had to get crowns, and my jaw joints were deteriorating and my ears were ringing from swollen joints. It worked wonderfully! I know it saved me from further damage to my teeth &amp; jaws. My regular doctor agreed to give it to me because my insurance would not cover dentist prescriptions. A few years ago he suddenly said he would no longer give it to anyone, so I had to get it from dentist again. Doctors are constantly being scared by FDA and DEA because of the jerks that abuse drugs. I&#039;ve only ever taken one 350mg tablet at night and will never be a drug abuser, but they have all been scared and want to give you other drugs that don&#039;t work. Let docs do their job!"
"I am the first patient in my doctor&#039;s pain clinic to be prescribed this medicine. I&#039;m on day two, I feel optimistic that so far I feel slightly better, even though it&#039;s been raining, but a little scared of some of the contraindications for people that take Arthritis medicines, as I take them and wouldn&#039;t want to damage my liver. 

So far though, I&#039;m impressed by the general feeling of alertness and lessened pain. Hopefully it continues."
"I don&#039;t think it works better than Vicodin or other narcotics, but works better than Darvocet and Telynol 3 with codeine. Lasts longer than Vicodin  but, pain still 3~4 out of 10. By the way, have fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis, sciatica."
"I&#039;ve had awful eczema for as long as I can remember, which has been completely debilitating when at it&#039;s worst. When I was referred to the dermatologist I was given everything under the sun to try and combat the worsening skin condition. Finally, after months I was given elocon and now I can&#039;t go a day without it, absolute skin MIRACLE. Please ask for this cream first when seeing a doctor, after hunting for something like this for years I couldn&#039;t imagine my life without the stuff!!"
"It helps calm me so I don&#039;t panic. I think it&#039;s wonderful.
It&#039;s in the same family as Xanax."
"This drug is so expensive (insurance covers little!!!) and simply does not work (after three months!)!
I do not recommend it to any one 
"
"I&#039;m 5&#039;4 and topped the scales at 265lbs.  I started taking Adipex and it really has helped me out alot.  I started taking it 5 weeks ago and now I weigh 225lbs.  I have more energy and my clothes are beginning to fit me better.   I actually went from a size 20 to a 18.  I&#039;m excited and ready to lose the rest of my the weight."
"I&#039;m on 60mg twice a day. I have been on Geodon for about 2 weeks. I am 42 and just diagnosed mixed mood bi-polar. This medicine has done nothing to my mood but make it worse. I&#039;m about ready to bite people&#039;s heads off. I am extremely agitated, with thoughts of rage running through my head more than not. I also sweat more, and am paranoid a lot. I want to give it some time, but don&#039;t know how long I can take these feelings."
"I have been trying everything for the last 9 days to produce a bowel movement. Everything from propylene glycol powder, to stool softener tablets, to trying even the suppository stool softeners and nothing was working. At the request of my doctor I tried Fleet enema. Well it did not completely evacuate my bowels on the first try, which is all I&#039;ve done so far, it did at least listen the plug that was blocking me up. The relief was immediate, and I would recommend nothing short of Fleet enema. I hope it works as well for you as it did for me."
"I was prescribed the 7-day, 3 times a day dose for BV. As to symptoms clearing/persisting, I wouldn&#039;t know because I didn&#039;t notice anything amiss to begin with (no noticeable smell or discharge). The GYN recommended Flagyl after my annual appointment possibly because I was developing BV.  

I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s the medicine, but I developed the worst sore throat I&#039;ve had in years. Congestion interspersed with runny nose, sinus pressure, throat pain, sneezing, coughing, raw nose, the works. It feels like a mix between strep throat and a sinus infection. I feel like my head is in a vice.

The only other thing that&#039;s changed is darker urine than usual. I&#039;m on my last pill and I started getting sick on day 4 of antibiotics."
"I used this for my 8 day cruise, it is the only thing that has ever worked for me. The only problem I had was when I came home and took it off, 24hrs later I had horrible side effects (headache, stomach, dizzy). Bottom line I would do it again so that I could enjoy a motion sick free cruise vacation."
"Certainly does what it is supposed to do. Read all the previous reviews and I was terrified to take it.  Finally gathered up the courage and did Moviprep shooters for happy hour.  No cramping. No side effects other than what it is supposed to do.  Yes it tastes a little like lemon pledge.  It isn&#039;t something I would choose to drink for fun but it isn&#039;t as bad."
"Best for curing H. pylori &quot;Nexium 20mg&quot; half hour before breakfast and half hour before dinner also my doctor suggested me to use Frisium only at night time before sleep. Within 2 days I start feeling  better and I used it for 1 month but Frisium I only took for one week."
"Tetracycline along with Flagyl and Bismuth in large doses for 2 weeks cured my H-Pylori."
"1 Pill - rash on hands, arms, back, face and lips, discontinued use."
"I had my nexplanon inserted 3 years ago from October 2016. Our experiences are unique to us depending on our environment. For me I had the implant inserted a few months before I left to college. College alone is an emotional roller coaster and having this implant just inserted did not mix well. I became very moody and depressed. I visited with a therapist weekly. However I was also in an environment that was new to me and away from friends and family. I too spotted for many months, but within the last 2 years I began to regulate every 28 days. As a birth control it does the job, no pregnancies/scares, however if you&#039;re an emotional person or get agitated with spotting I would not recommend it. I will have a nexplanon reinsertion soon."
"I&#039;ve always had success taking this.  I have noticed that I have never had a turbulent flight when I&#039;ve taken this, which I think would be a good test."
"Never again! After being on depo I was suppose to b an ideal candidate the first 6 months was ok bit moody but fine no weight gain but then something changed I was constantly bleeding and getting horrible hormone spots I normally have clear skin mood swings were increasing. After 14 months I decided to have it taken out and that was an ordeal they can b very tricky for the doc remove. So 3 anesthetics and a few stitches later its out. It&#039;s simply not worth the hassle"
"I&#039;m a 15 year old girl who started off with Vyvanse for a year but became anorexic. I switched off to Concerta! The first couple of years I felt so amazing because I have never experienced what it felt like to succeed after trying so much. Then I got to High School. My meds ended a relationship. I was always paranoid and extremely nervous. I am like a robot now. I&#039;m either extremely emotionless, really mad, or really paranoid. My friends tell me that it&#039;s like talking to a stranger. I get frustrated so easily and don&#039;t care about anyone or anything around me. I don&#039;t want to be taken off my meds because I&#039;m really successful. But should I really have to choose between my loved ones and school. I shouldn&#039;t have to pick."
"Perfect medication I was waiting for one like it longly .... I was on seroxat for one year andIi had bad side effects then changed to effexor with lamictal for another year until I coudn&#039;t withstand sexual side effects and weight gain side effects then Brintellix was prescribed to me. Now for 7 weeks  I can say that my sleeping is now going well about 6 to 8 hours daily. My weight goes better as I lost 3 KG after increasing 17 KGs !!!! And sexual dysfunction went away for ever"
"Bruising is common.  I have lower back soreness and right leg hip area pain.  Some leg weakness in the afternoon and evening.  No reason to stop the medication in my opinion.  I have had kyphoplasty and gall bladder surgery, and the medication was stopped temporarily for both.   No adverse reactions."
"Took only one month to figure out this medication is the worst. Poor body image issues, depression worsened, bloating-instant weight gain feeling, horrible cystic acne that Retin - A could not even treat. horrid BC pill"
"Terrible experience with this drug. I have been on it for 3 weeks and lost over 2 stone in weight from vomiting daily. I am so weak. It has not helped with my depression either. I have now stopped this medication and awaiting etc to treat my low mood. I wish I&#039;d stayed on venlafaxine and never touched vortioxetine."
"My dr told me to take this to regulate my period so I did with in a week I started to break out bad !! Do not take this there really bad for ur face and I asssume body as well"
"For about 10 days now, I had a VERY bad cough, and severe congestion in my lungs (coughed SO much till I thought I were going to actually break a rib )...went to my local emergency room, where the attending doctor sent me home with a &#039;Z Pack&#039; (5 day regimen of the Zithromax, PLUS a bottle of GUAIFENSIN cough syrup). I&#039;m now on my third day of these antibiotics and am not, thankfully, coughing as much as I did."
"Only medicine that no side effects. Take as when required basis and have no issues."
"I took my first and last 30mg dose of Cymbalta yesterday. The side effects were just unbearable. Dry mouth, blurred vision, tremors, panic attacks, vomiting. I will never take it again. And now today, after only having took one pill and discontinuing, I am having body aches and extreme fatigue. There has to be a better way to beat this anxiety than poisoning ourselves."
"I have dealt with insomnia since 2005. I tried Benadryl, all the sleep aids you can name but it wasn&#039;t until I realized I don&#039;t sleep normal. I was feeling horrible on 2-3 hours of sleep at night. My doctor recommended Trazodone, which I had never heard of. On this medicine I know I&#039;ll sleep and feel good the next day. It did take a week or so to get over the &quot;hangover&quot; feeling but for someone like myself that does have severe depression and insomnia I recommend this medication"
"After a bad break up &amp; a hard time at work, put on 40 pounds over 7 months but then I went from 314# to 219# over 2 years. Then things got crazy again and I went from 219 to 259 on 2/17/17 when I got weighed at the dr&#039;s office. He knew how hard I worked to drop those original 96 pounds &amp; wanted to get me back on track. Started Phentermine 37.5 on 2/20, it has been 5 days &amp; I&#039;m down 8.6 pounds. Suppresses my appetite, don&#039;t want to snack or crave junk food. I have to literally make myself eat -- unfamiliar territory after my gluttony these last 7 months! Drinking 128 oz  of water a day. Meals are lean &amp; around 800 calories. Side effects: Insomnia &amp; mild constipation. Hoping it continues this way -- would love to drop 30 pounds at my 1 month mark!"
"As a 16 year old junior in highschool, I never seemed to really notice how much I didn&#039;t pay attention to things that didn&#039;t interest me. As my family and friends have been saying how important getting good grades in junior year is, I thought deeply about it and found out that maybe I just don&#039;t care. Although it wasn&#039;t that, I really do care, but I just never wanted to sit down and do the homework. Because it&#039;s not interesting, even though I know how important it is. I eventually brought this to my mothers attention and she even noticed it for awhile, that maybe I have ADD. Eventually we went to a special Dr, he concluded I have mild/moderate ADD, started me on 15mg last month, didn&#039;t last all school day, and today i just picked up my 25mg"
"I was diagnosed in 2010. Tried Copaxone &amp; Avonex. They caused allergic reactions. Started Tysabri in March 2012. I haven&#039;t had any new lesions. I get tired and bad headaches after infusions. The cost is getting to be to much, even with my insurance from my employer &amp; the assistance program from Tysabri. "
"Cymbalta took away 80% percent of my muscle pain and 90% of my headaches. I actually started taking it as an anti-depressant and found that I was depressed because of all the pain. Also I have found some fun sexual side effects."
"I wouldn&#039;t go as far to say Cymbalta has given me my life back but I will say it improved my quality of life immensely and has kept working.  I have moderate to severe generalized anxiety disorder and I felt like I was living a nightmare - highly uncomfortable and muscle tension so bad I could barely breath at times, constant worry and stress. I have been off and on Lexapro for this very reason because I hated the stigma. Lexapro helped but the sexual side effects were horrible and I felt emotionless.  A Nurse practitioner suggested Cymbalta. I stuck with low dose 30 mg every morning and what a difference. I can breath easier, sex is better (still not back to where it was before antidepressants) but the debilitating anxiety is mostly gone."
"I have been on Avonex for 1 month. I chose it due to the injections once a week. I do not even feel the needle or medication go in.  I do ice the area well for 3 minutes and make sure the alcohol dries completely before injecting with the smaller needle. Each week the side effects have been easier but they are still quite strong.  I do sleep 8 hours after the injection but wake feeling like I did not sleep at all and like I was run over by  a truck until about 20 hours after the injection.  It has taken 3 days to get my energy back so far.  However I do notice that my Multiple Sclerosis symptoms have improved and I have had feeling in my left foot for the first time since my first attack 3 months ago so that makes it worth sticking with for now."
"I have been taking this medication on and off for the last 6 years. The only reason I didn&#039;t take it the whole time was because I was pregnant twice and insurance issues the other time. 

When I&#039;m not on this medication I can&#039;t even so much as look at a cat or dog. I have not had to take oral steroids monthly like I used too, only now maybe once a year with I get a cold or flu. I was so restricted in what I could do before I took xolair, now I can go to the gym or play with the kids just fine. I would recommend to anyone who has asthma and is allergic to an animal."
"My husband suffered from migraine headaches throughout his life. He was prescribed Stadol ns. His migraines became more constant as his body craved Stadol. He was going through 5 bottles a week and had a callous on his palm from using it. This was back in 1996-1998. He went through rehab.  It did stop his migraine, just to bring them back stronger and more often. PLEASE ASK YOUR FAMILY IF YOUR PERSONALITY IS CHANGING. Please listen to them."
"To be honest this is the best thing that&#039;s ever happened to me, drysol is the bomb. I had used hypercare before drysol which worked just as good but was discontinued right after I finished my first bottle and supposedly cannot be bought anywhere anymore. I was back to my armpits gushing sweat within a few days and thought all hope was lost, until I found out about drysol. It has completely stopped my underarms from sweating and I am very happy. I hope drysol sticks around forever. If you have a problem with profuse sweating under your arms get drysol and your problem is solved."
"This has been nothing but amazing for my skin (if used correctly). It&#039;s a little hard to take considering you practically can&#039;t eat 2 hours before or after you take it but otherwise it completely gets rid of all bacterial acne, if you still have acne after 2 weeks of this you aren&#039;t taking it right or your acne is hormonal."
"I just started taking this not to long ago and  when I was supposed to get my first period it never came and I&#039;ve never had a missed period (it could have been hormones but my lifestyle and stress levels didn&#039;t really change) and when I got my 2nd period on this pill I barely bleed. My acne has been so much worse I feel like I&#039;m back in high school.  Can&#039;t remember the last time I wore foundation and now I wear it everyday. Funny thing is I take medication already for my face, so you would have thought my doctor would have use common sense when prescribing this horrible birth control to me."
"I took this medicine yesterday for the very first time and wow! The sharp, shooting pains disappeared! I felt some joint tightness in my neck still but that was nothing, compared to the pain I was in before I took it...Within a couple hours I had an enormous amount of energy! I hope it continues to work this way..."
"Taken for years battling anxiety, quite helpful if taken at onset of attack;  bottom line-exercise for me is better!"
"So I recently found out yesterday I had the infection after having a miscarriage"
"I used Prepopik one day prior to my colonoscopy.  First, it is expensive when not covered by insurance.  If I had not had a coupon it would have cost over $100.  Second, it took a while to start working. Lastly, when they did the colonoscopy I was not sufficiently cleaned out and the procedure had to be rescheduled.  I will use other more effective methods the next time around."
"I have been on Ativan 0.5mg up to 3 times a day for 8 days now. It has reduced my major anxiety to a minimum and I feel I will be on this medicine for good. I&#039;m okay with that as I had to learn the hard way that I need medication to battle my illness. I&#039;ve been on several antidepressants and this medicine has helped me as much as any that I took in the past. My concern now is, is the Prozac/Zyprexa cocktail working for me or is it all the Ativan that is doing the job. Will talk with my psychiatrist later today and find out what our next plan is."
"Lexapro saved my life. Be patient took about 7 weeks before I started feeling better. Started on 5mg, went up to 20mg now taking 15mg for the last 12 months. It cleared my thoughts and calmed me down...a life saver."
"I could cry now! This is my 2nd implanon.1st wa out in 9 months due to mood swings and feeling sooo low all of the time. I cannot use combined pill due to familt history of cardiac problems and migraine myself. The POP makes me bleed constantly without a break and I ended up anaemic using the coil (IUD). Decided last year to give the implanon another go just in case it was a one off bad experience....6 months in and I has gain 20lbs and feel horrific. Anxiety++ depression++ stress++ weight++ Making an appointment to have Implanon removed. Only plus to Implanon for me is that I don&#039;t have any periods. That&#039;s the only plus. Insertion and removal is easy having done it once before. Lack of periods is great. Never again"
"It works magic!!
The first two weeks, I had outbreaks and my skin was terribly dry. I even considered quitting it. However, my friend is a doctor and he advised me to stick to it. It&#039;s one month now and at the moment I don&#039;t have any more new pimples. My skin has never been so clear before. Depending your condition, I use it together with Clindamycine lotion 1% FNA, an antibiotic topical liquid, during the day to clear up any localized bacteria. I&#039;m so happy now and but I hope I can stop using it after a few months. Anyone with post treatment experience to share is appreciated."
"I love this pill but,  I have felt very angry.  Not sure if the pill is making me PMS or not."
"The development of medicine has finally reached it&#039;s peak. I&#039;ve had a bad issue with sweating from the forehead/face for several year&#039;s and didn&#039;t think there would be a simple solution. Having a job where I&#039;m involved in many meetings, the least bit of nervousness or anxiety and the sweat would just start pouring out at a faster rate making it very embarassing in the work environment. I&#039;ve only had this product for 1 week, but after one use I have not had one drop of sweat come off my forehead. Needless to say, it has almost given me a renewed sense of confidence. Worth it&#039;s weight in gold!!"
"I had a very large cluster of anal warts.  I went to two colon rectal specialists.  The first one was a male and insisted that the infection and removal of warts could only be treated via surgery which would have costs close to $10,000 dollars.  So I got a second a opinion from a female colon rectal specialist who also felt that surgery was the best option.  That being said she allowed me to try Aldara first.

Let me just say that Aldara is a miracle drug!  After 8 weeks of treatment and monitoring with my doctor, 100% of the warts were gone.  Even my doctor was floored that Aldara was able to treat even the worst cases of anal warts.  She would have had me surgery the next day if it weren&#039;t for Aldara. It&#039;s been a year with no recurrence"
"I am almost 25 years old and have been taking Yaz or Beyaz for the past 4 years. I was diagnosed with endometriosis when I was 14 and have tried various other birth controls with no relief of my endometriosis. When my doctor prescribed Yaz I was hesitant at first because of the commercials talking about blood clots but decided to try it anyway. Yaz and Beyaz have literally been life savers for me. I used to have cramps so bad I was unable to attend school or work. My periods would also be a full week long and heavy bleeding the entire time. Since getting on Yaz I do still have some cramping but it is manageable with midol. My periods are now 3 days long, with only one day that&#039;s heavier. I don&#039;t have any complaints!"
"I started on Plaquenil for RA about two months ago so my experiences are fresh. I&#039;m a large male at 6&#039;2 250 pnd 30 years old. When I was diagnosed with RA I didn&#039;t know what to expect. I was quickly referred to a Rheumatologist who recommended this drug.

The first three weeks I was having some side effects. Nose bleeds, ringing in my ears. But after the fourth week they just disappeared. As well as the excruciating pain in my feet, knee&#039;s and hands. It just poof like it never happened.

I&#039;m optimistic about now my third month as it has now been three months since my last flare up. It was too late for my feet, which now have permanent damage, but I can now walk and wear shoes almost perfectly normally."
"I have had the implanon for over 4 years now with in the 1st years I gain over 59 pound. I feel as if this birth control caused me to go blind in my left eye after two years on it I notice that u couldn&#039;t see out my left I so I went to eye doctor she sent me to an specialist they told me I had fluid on the brain I was put in the hospital for 2 day to get in spinal  tab... then to found out that I 100 percent loss my vision in my left eye. It was  something end tumor I forgot the name.. I never had a problem until this birth control I notice one I had got it I had a lot of head aches.. my ears sound like I had water are something on them... to lost my vision tho... I hate I ever made this decision.. I&#039;m looking for an lawyer...Now"
"I have been on amlodipine for about ten years. For the past few years I have experienced increasing swelling of my feet and ankles and it made walking uncomfortable. I tried coming of the medicine and all swelling in feet has completely gone. My feet have gone down two sizes back to my original size 4. All the pain gone in my feet and I walk like a twenty year old. "
"The only good thing that came from Yaz was that it completely cleared up my mild acne, I mean flawless skin. However, I went from a 34 a to a 34 d in 3 months and gained 15 pounds that no matter how much I exercised I couldn&#039;t lose. Another negative it gave me chronic headaches and an upset stomach 24/7. Another plus was that I didn&#039;t get pregnant on this pill! Overall great pill for acne, bad for other side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on Robaxin since 3/11 when I suffered neck/shoulder injury/trauma and a compression fracture in my lower back due to an auto accident. I take it in conjunction with Lortab 10/500 for muscle spasms and pain. It has helped with pain relief. I can continue to drive for work which I drive in excess of 25,000 miles per year. It seems to have little if any side effects."
"I have been on and off of Mononessa for about a good year now. I have always had a problem with heavy bleeding, cramps and blood clots every time I&#039;ve had my monthly cycle. I told my doctor and she suggested I take Mononessa. For the first week or so it made me feel terrible, headaches, nausea, Lightheaded, the works. I wanted to stop taking it but due to my heavy bleeding I knew this was better then having to change pads every five times a day. It stopped my period for about a good 6 months(which I still don&#039;t understand, is that normal) and then my period would just come back on its own and stay only for about a week. I went off the Mononessa but now back on due to being on my period for almost two months now. Make it stop! :("
"In the beginning I was emotional and all over the place &amp; I also broke out . I am now near the three end mark and my skin has improved tremendously. I do have scars and I&#039;ve never been one to get scars from picking at pimples but I&#039;m not sure if the pills had something to do with it or picking at them did . Other than that , all the side effects have subsided and my skin is the clearest it has been in a loooong long time !!"
"Changed my life in a day.  I went from complete misery to almost back to normal witin eight hours.  The hour it began to wear off, my agony was back again.  For me it really workd.  I am taking double the prescribed dose however."
"My big concern with this drug has been a drastic decrease in my level of energy and occasional nausea. Had been on stribild but started messing up my kidney labs. I had my Zoloft and lamictal increased to help with my mood but no improvement yet"
"Was having problems getting and keeping it up during sex for around a two month period, talked to my doctor was given trial pack of Cialis 20 mg per his advice cut one of the pills into two pieces. Around four in the evening took it, eight hours later still no results, around midnight got a strong erection had great sex with my wife of twenty some years, woke up the next morning with a erection wife gave me oral sex for around thirty minutes before i exploded, She said it was the hardest she had seen me in the last ten years. Been three days now and still going strong"
"This cream is awesome, my daughters arms look beautiful. I used it twice a day for about 3 days and her arms cleared up."
"I have been on Phentermine 30mg for 28 days as of today I have lost 20lbs. Only side effect I&#039;m having is constipation. So with that being said I&#039;m very happy with outcome.. Exciting to see what the next month on them will bring since I can only get Rx for 3 months on then 3 off.
Starting Weight 274
Currnet Weight 254
Goal Weight 200"
"Ladies, please realize you are putting synthetic chemicals into your body. It is completely normal to have side affects, your body won&#039;t regulate the pill until after about 3-4 months of consistent pill taking. I have been on microgestion for about 2-3 years and it lightened my period, helped my cramps, and helped my mood swings. However the success of the pill depends on how it reacts with your body. Give these pills a chance (3-4 months) otherwise you won&#039;t find one that works. You can&#039;t expect it to work within a month."
"I was on 40 mg of Dexedrine and 40 mg of Ritalin a day and still had to quit work as I was falling asleep. Stopped both medicines the day I left work. Started on Xyrem and now am back at work full time at age 69. A miracle."
"I&#039;ve been on the depo shot for 9 months now. I love the ease of use, only having to get a shot every 3 months is beautiful if you&#039;re a forgetful person like me and struggle a bit with remembering to take the pill at the same time daily. No pregnancy worries! I&#039;m also less moody on the depo shot than I was with no birth control and when I was on the pill. 
Con: However, biggest downside and the reason I will be switching back to the pill within a month, there has not been a 24 hour length of time during the past 9 months in which I did not bleed. I have bled, in random amounts, daily since I began it 9 months ago. It&#039;s horrible during and after intercourse, if I do kegals, if I work out, nothing can stop it."
"I have been using this drug for 1 month, and I have lost 11 pounds so far. I still have 20lbs to go. I had been exercising 6 days a week, for at least 2 horus a day, with lots of cardio, and the weight wouldn&#039;t come off, until I started on the Phendiet. Since starting, I reduced my exercise to weight lifting and swimming 1.5 hours a day. My only concern is feeling like my blood pressure drops and  like I need iron. I meet with my doctor every 2 weeks."
"I take anywhere between 112.5 and 187.5 mg of Effexor XR. It is the only thing that has worked on my bipolar depression. It has been a miracle medicine for me. 

Nonetheless, one has to be careful. I was manic on it at 150 mg without a mood stabilizer. Now I take 20 mg Abilify with it, and it is working great."
"If looking like a meth user is your thing, while trying to become &#039;seizure free&#039;, then this is your drug. Horrible drug. Not sure how this drug even passed the FDA. Even my grandma thought I was doing street drugs. Yeah. Not cool. 

Good luck to all my bro&#039;s and sis&#039;s living with epilepsy out there."
"Fell asleep fine but woke up after a few hours. Bad taste in mouth and nausea"
"I have been on Abilify for 16 days now and my mood is very stable; no highs and not the dark lows however; I do feel achy a lot of the time and insomnia has been a problem that seems to be getting slightly better as time goes on. I take 2mg in the morning and I plan to persevere for a couple more months and give this medicine a chance."
"after chemo and radiation started on opdivo,had 8 treatments with the only side effect being sore mouth,dr took me off of it because my scans didn`t show much progress,sent me to cleveland clinic and they said to start back on it,now have sore mouth and my skin is so itchy i can barley stand it"
"I&#039;ve been on Lutera for 5 months now and I absolutely love it! I was very hesitant to ever get on birth control because you never know how hormones will affect your body. Lucky for me, never any spotting or random bleeding, took my PMS symptoms from severe to barely there... Cramps? I used to cry and puke for my first 2 days and now that time of the month isn&#039;t affecting my job and life. Weight gain? I was a very unhealthy 77lbs before I started this. My doctor explained the pill itself does not cause weight gain, but increases your appetite and helps slow metabolism. I am now 95lbs. I also suffer from anxiety and mild bipolar disorder, so I was worried this pill would make my symptoms worse, but I&#039;m happy and healthy as could be right now!"
"I just stopped taking this birth control two days ago. I feel like I was going insane. I have done nothing but cry the past 3 days. I&#039;ve been dating my boyfriend for 3 months and I am absolutely in love with him and this made me feel no emotions. I feel numb and insane. I can cry over everything and at first I didn&rsquo;t realize why I was feeling this way and then I realized this was the cause. I felt nauseous in the morning the first few days, my skin did clear but I am not sure if it is due to the drug or my acne cream clindamyicin. This birth control should be taken off the shelves it has made me feel absolutely insane. My sex drive has decreased, probably due to my constant sobbing. I felt emotionally detached and numb. DO NOT TAKE."
"I&#039;ve read a few womens comments and honestly I&#039;ve had no bad side effects or experiences whatsoever. I&#039;m not sure what factors are taken into consideration. Im 5&#039;3 latina in great shape, 130 to be exact. This pill honestly has not affected my sex drive at all - so in my opinion to each its own. 

Monitor your own symptoms."
"I wanted to write this in the hope of helping others.  I&#039;ve been dealing with chronic back pain that got a lot worse and intolerable the last few months. I couldn&#039;t sit, or drive without back spasms and shooting nerve pain. I was at my wits end. I tried a medrol 5 day pack, it didn&#039;t seem to help much. My doctor suggested a low dose 20mg of cymbalta. I was desperate so I thought I would try it and it&#039;s made a major difference- almost immediately. The side effects were bad for about 3-4 days, super tired, yawning non stop, very fuzzy, and no appetite. But I&#039;ve been on it now for almost a month and I&#039;m back to light workouts, and able to do mostly normal things. It does effect your libido though. My Dr also recommended Valium at night."
"I had gone through a wide variety of SSRI&#039;s before my doctor recommended these. This medication has seriously changed my life and I feel like I have more control about how certain things make me feel. 
I am Bipolar 2 taking 200mg and I don&#039;t ever want to get back to the state I was in before. Having tried around 5 different types of medication I have finally found the one."
"I&#039;m a 47 yr old female. This medicine greatly improved my attention. I was able to complete tasks at work. Organize my work and home. The problem was that my heart would beat rapidly at night keeping me awake. I stopped taking it when my blood pressure increased significantly."
"I have suffered from depression off and on for years and have taken Zoloft in the past. This time it didn&#039;t seem to be working. I also was hit with overwhelming anxiety because of my husband&#039;s job difficulties. The doctor prescribed Celexa a couple of months ago. After 3 weeks, I was ready to give up on this because it took longer to kick in than Zoloft. I also had terrible dry mouth and food just didn&#039;t taste good. But the Doctor bumped me up to 60 mg and that really did the trick. I only have dry mouth when I first wake up in the morning and food tastes good again. My hubby said that on Zoloft I was more &quot;flat emotioned&quot; but on the Celexa, I have the normal ups and downs that everyone else has. The only negative is that I am on the tired side, but not terribly bad. It is a lot better than wanting to jump in front of a bus. I urge everyone to give this a try and stick with it. Good luck!"
"PLEASE BE AWARE!! I have been on an injection contraceptive for 8 years now but my local doctor ran short of the shot so he recommended Yaz. I have been on it for three weeks now and 2 days ago I started having serious abdominal, tightening of my chest and serious problem to breathe. My husband researched it and found that these were indeed some of the side effects. I decided to not take any more of the pills. I urge females to be very careful when using yaz since 100 women are dead who used Yaz and are suspected that it was because of this drug. The blood clots allegations are numerous also."
"after 2 weeks of 2 tubes per day, application my blood serum levels did not change one bit. my normal non medicated levels would range from 208ng/dl to 305. after 2 weeks of application of testim gel my blood results came back with 248ng/dl. The constant tack and odor of this product, plus its ineffectiveness makes me wonder why it is still on the market."
"My daughter has been suffering from severe dermatitis for several years. Our doctor recommended Elidel and surprisingly her dermatitis cleared in 2 days."
"so, I just got out of getting my skyla placed about an hour ago. I&#039;m 18, 5&#039;0, and 93 lbs if that gives you a better image. I read reviews online saying it was the worst pain and it hurts forever but honestly... It wasn&#039;t that bad! I cramped for maybe 30 seconds while inserting some tools but it was bad. It took about 8 minutes for the whole procedure and about 6 seconds for the actual placement. I&#039;m up and going with only small cramps so if you have any doubts I say go for it."
"I&#039;ve taken macrobid for 15 years for recurrent UTIs.  I get UTIs about 4-6 times a year (ugh) so I&#039;ve taken it a ton of times. Macrobid gets rid of my infections every single time without fail.  The only side effect I have ever noticed, which is pretty annoying, is nausea for about 2 hours after taking each pill.  Once in a blue moon I puke, but not usually.  Eating and drinking with the pill lessens the nausea but doesn&#039;t totally prevent it.

So, it does its job really well and eliminates my infections, but I do cringe when I have to take it because it sucks to endure the nausea."
"Horribly burned external genitalia. Skin burned and rash. Still recovering 2months later.  Per a treating physician I visited,  I was infomed to never use Monistat 1, it&#039;s too strong and needs to be taken off the market. Wow!"
"I love Sonata, for the first time I can sleep. However, I think it works best if you wind yourself down and relax a bit first. Otherwise, I would find myself feeling the effects of the medication and still active and now impaired. So I learned early in once I stop what I am doing and just relax, watch T.V, read a book etc. Right to sleep and I stayed there. Not groggy at all the next day."
"I&#039;ve been taking Latuda for 4 days now. I woke up today singing, motivated and happy. I just hope it lasts but so far this medication has changed me dramatically."
"I can&#039;t imagine how it must taste plain.  The way I prepared it was not bad at ALL. I made homemade lemonade, LOTS of lemon juice and some sugar. Probably not super healthy, but it&#039;s all comin&#039; out anyways! All you need is 1&amp;3/4 cups white sugar, 6 cups of WARM water, and 1&amp;1/2 cups lemon juice for each batch. The water *HAS* to be warm, or the laxative won&#039;t dissolve right, and it will be a nasty texture like many other people have complained of. Give it a taste test before you add it to the jug. The more lemon-y it is, the less you&#039;ll taste the saltiness of the meds. Lemon &gt;sugar taste I promise! Hope this helps someone :) Chase it with a bit of water, and the only aftertaste will be a light lemon flavor!"
"This is the worst pill I&#039;ve ever taken. It made me feel very sad, depressed and I questioned everything and everyone&#039;s existence. I felt crazy and not like myself for the whole 2 weeks I took it. My face started to break out severely and it only got worst in a short span of time. I&#039;m glad I stopped taking this pill because I probably would have attempt suicide. I do not recommend this pill to anyone. Stay away from this one!"
"I had my very first yeast infection from taking antibiotics to treat my first bladder infection (back to back pain and discomfort within a few days!) - I was so swollen and raw  up there :( My doctor did a pelvic exam and told me to take the one dose fluconazole pill. Within 24 hours the terrible twinging I felt disappeared but the biggest reaction was (warning, totally gross) all of the yeast just tumbled out of me the following day when I went to the bathroom! The medicine just ejected all of the junk inside of me. I&#039;m still on the mend (I took the pill yesterday afternoon) and there are some teeny twinges up there, but I&#039;d say I am 80% healed. No side effects other than the healing. Hallelujah!"
"I had the Mirena placed on June 28th 2011 and had it removed august 15th 2011. Here is my story. After 4 weeks of continual heavy bleeding I went in to see the doctor, he said hold it out it will go away soon. After 2 months of bleeding it FINALLY went away but I then began having major anxiety. All day my mind was running over what I had to do. I kept thinking about it over and over even if I had my day planned I just kept going over minor details. What really got me was my anger and agitation. It scared me. I had lost interest in my son and husband and my life. I had it removed and the next day I felt better. Anxiety and agitation gone. It&#039;s not for everyone be aware of the side effects and monitor yourself."
"I have severe Fibromyalgia with migraine/tension headaches and Chronic Fatigue.  I also have osteoarthritis in my hips and lower back.  I&#039;ve already had one SI joint fusion.  I am on disability because of the Fibromyalgia.  I have used Norco 10/325 for several years.  It controls the pain well and at this point I am able to manage on only 1-2 tablets a day. I have to manage my pain to be able to function, otherwise depression sets in with the pain and I just want to stay in bed.  I may be somewhat dependent on Norco now but it&#039;s worth it to have a life."
"Cymbalta I felt more like myself (Unlike Welbutrin)and it made me FOCUS more at school/work. The cons to the drug,(had to wait 3 days to fill my prescription)thus if you quit cold-turkey, you could have severe brain zaps (it feels like an electrical current running through your brain and it occurs a few times per hour when the withdrawals begin). Also it didn&#039;t give me a burst of energy like Wellbutrin did, but Cymbalta made me feel more emotional towards others(rather than being numb to world)"
"I started on Qsymia half a year ago, lost 28 lbs so far.  Overall been very pleased with the weight drop. Not much side effect. I have tried so many other things, this one is actually the most effective method I have ever had.  

I did notice tingling at my fingers a couple of times but was not bothering much. Oh, one thing the Coke I drink tasted weird after taking the medication."
"I&#039;ve had the shot for a little over 4 years now and I love it. Only spotted for the first 2 or 3 months then every once in awhile after that. It sucked while it was going on but it was definitely worth it. I haven&#039;t had a real period since the day I started, no cramps or any symptoms of that at all. Did gain about 25lbs. Within the first year that was the worst part about it, then I stopped gaining weight but no matter what I can&#039;t get the weight off at all. Noticed really bad migraines about 2 years into it. Don&#039;t if it has anything to do with it. Doctors don&#039;t have any idea why I get them but maybe that&#039;s why. Other than that I love it don&#039;t have to worry about it except once every 3 months."
"Used this diligently for 10 months - no polish and used an emery board to file the top of the nail to let the medication penetrate better.  Saw perhaps a small improvement then went on vacation and wore polish for a week.  After taking the polish off toenails looked just as bad as before I started.  I did continue to apply the product the week I wore the polish.  Still using to complete the one year required before supposedly seeing an improvement, but I&#039;m not holding my breath."
"Healthy robust 53 year old here....50mgs work great but on an empty stomach. Slower and less effective on top of food. Reaction within 30 minutes with better erections up to 9 hours later. Side effects. Nasal congestion, flushing fullness in head, eye pressure, sometimes increased heart rate and respiration. Poor sleep, next day fatigue and slight anxiety. I went crazy with this when I first started and took it every day for a week. Lots of fun. But it completely wore me out. No, it wasn&#039;t all the sex. It really does affect you in a negative way with too much use. I find increased side effects if I take it near the time of thyroid medicines. I take it once a week or so and it&#039;s worth the side effects."
"I have a history of chronic constipation and polyps. The chronic constipation comes from my daily use of opiates for severe pain/neuropathy.... I&#039;ve taken generic bisacodyl many many times with &quot;Lift Off&quot; usually by morning if I took it at bedtime, I&#039;ve never had anything other than mild discomfort with gas buildup...... but twice (lately) within a couple of months, I&#039;ve taken 1 5mg bisacodyl tablet at bedtime only to awake with the same God awful symptoms many of you are describing... severe sweating, unbelievable pain as if my insides were exploding and not able to produce a bowel movement------------easily .. it concerns me if I may have another problem with polyps ( I have an appt with my gastro next week) ---"
"If you like to bleed all the time use Nexplanon."
"I have been taking this medicine for a little over 2mths and I have notice a big difference in my behavior. I laugh a lot more now and talk in a group more and today I was able to go shopping to two different stores and sign up for the gym all by myself and not feel like everyone is talking or staring at me. I even was able to talk to people in the store and not feel funny. I hope this lasts because I kind of like getting out by myself although I still have to push myself to do things, overall I am thankful for this medicine."
"I have arthritis in most joints and back and neck pain.  I have used Tramadol for 2 years now. It was life changing in the way it relieved pain without nasty side effects of  hydrocodone (I got very irritable when it wore off). Seems to be taking higher dosage for less relief but still would rather continue the tramadol and use something for breakthrough pain on physical work days. If you experience nausea try a lower dose and work up to more. Stick with it,  the nausea went away for me. When I forget a day or so and go back to it I sometimes get nausea again."
"I absolutely am amazed by Xifaxan.  After suffering from IBS symptoms for years (you know, wake up with flat stomach, go to bed looking 7 months pregnant, in addition to painful cramps, horrid gas etc...), the Xifaxan eliminated my symptoms in a matter of days. My bad flatulence disappeared. Bloating..gone. Lost a few pounds to boot. Unfortunately, after two rounds in Sept-Oct, my symptoms were back in December. If I could, I would take Xifaxan every day.  Insurance is not cooperative.  After 24 hours on this latest round, my bloating is well diminished and my low back pain is better (maybe because when IBS symptoms aren&#039;t bad, I can more easily contract my abdominals)."
"Just started this medication and I already see results! It&#039;s only been 2 days and I&#039;ve lost 10 lbs!!! Most of its water I&#039;m sure because I&#039;ve been a frequent flyer in my bathroom! I must admit I do feel a little loopy most of the time but my appetite is non exesitant. Loving this so far. Will keep you posted. 215-205! My goal is 165!"
"This drug is a miracle! I woke up with a full blown cold sore and went to the Doctor who gave me Valtrex. I was very skeptical because the cold sore was pretty big already, but 12 hours after my first dose, it looks much better and the pain is gone. Will never again waste my time or money on OTC cold sore treatments. This stuff really works!"
"Lower back pain: not helpful"
"One of the first medications given to me to help with my social anxiety and panic attacks. Never failed me, and actually help me get past my anxiety during job interviews and applications, which normally had me throwing up and shaking before hand.

 I never took it often enough to get much tolerance, although with in a year, I admit, about 2 times when i had extra I took it recreationally."
"First injection worked for maybe two, three days.  Second injection, knee hurt much worse.  Dr now recommended seeing a surgeon.  ???"
"Had unprotected sex stupidly one night with my boyfriend. Less than 9 hrs later I went to the local pharmacy to obtain the Plan B morning after pill. Took it accordingly, with no side effects and patiently waited for my period. My period never did come, and I ended up pregnant. At 12 weeks I ended up having a miscarriage, but I certainly learned my lesson. Use protection always ladies, sometimes these things don&#039;t work!"
"My mother let me use some of this for my head and I can say that it does work.

Although being a shampoo you may accidently use more than you think you are. Took about 6 applications before my head was completely clear. Of course it&#039;s no cure  - yes it does work very well."
"Don&#039;t be afraid to take this medication. If you don&#039;t suffer from side effects from antibiotics, you will be fine with this one too. The only problem is that 10 days taking  12 pills a days is a long time and by the 8th days it feels that it would never end, but it was worth it . I am H pillory free now."
"Works great. Clear mucus and nasal congestions, I can finally breath, and lasts about 10 hours.  Very effective"
"I have been taking this birth control for a little under a year and just found out I&#039;m pregnant. I&#039;ve taken this pill religiously at the same time every night bc I DID NOT want to get pregnant. Well it happened anyway. Now I&#039;m going to have two under 2!!"
"I have had grand mal seizures since I was 9 years old and was involved in a car accident. I have taken Dilantin for over 50 years, with good results. It has controlled my seizures pretty well until recently. I was diagnosed with COPD 2 years ago, and in that time, I have been having seizures every 3-6 months. My doctor switched me to Keppra 6 months ago, and in that time, I have had at least 1 seizure a month. I think it&#039;s time to switch back to what works."
"Hello!! I&#039;m back! I start this medication on 3/31/17 with the starting weight of 213lb and as of today 5/25/17 I now weigh 186! I don&#039;t know about y&#039;all but I&#039;m happy! When I first started this medicine I was full of energy but now I just feel like a normal person. With me feeling like that I thought the medication wasn&#039;t working anymore but I was so wrong!! It still works!"
"Female, 23, anxiety disorder. I have been on this medication for almost a year. I have dealt with anxiety my whole life and finally when I was having trouble going to school and work I turned to Zoloft. It has improved my quality of life. I have had the dose increased from 25 to 50 to 75. Side effects I have felt include: loss of appetite, dizziness, and mood swings. All side effects happened with start and increase of medicine and subside after getting used to it. I still have breakdowns sometimes but not as often. "
"I have just started taking Saphris 5 mg in the morning and find that within an hour I&#039;m exhausted and need to go back to bed most of the day! Not happy with this and am wondering whether it&#039;s best taken at night? I was diagnosed bipolar type 2 a few months ago and am on lithium , Seroquel (which I&#039;m being weaned off), mirtazapine and lorazepam as needed. Thanks."
"Well I&#039;m an 18 year old senior girl in high school. I had never really had acne until I was a junior(17) just the normal pimple here and there but it got really bad last year. I went to the dermatologist on Dec 9 2011, they put me on pills (antibiotics) Aczone and Altrain Gel. Its January 30 2012 and my face looks like very little has changed."
"Enjuvia helped me with my sudden menopausal symptoms after I had to have a hysterectomy at 47 but I have gained a tremendous amount of weight on it. (60 lbs, at least).  I don&#039;t know for sure that it was the Enjuvia, but I was slim before I started taking it and now am obese.  I ran out of it recently and noticed that I immediately started to lose weight, without even trying.  I will update my review when I have been off of it longer.  I have been at my wits end trying to lose weight, so hopefully this will help."
"I decided to take the nuvaring because I&#039;m an insane freak on the pill.  At first I did notice being moody, crying, along with some weird discharge or itching down there. But after a week the it subsided.  My moods are now normal.  I barely feel it inside.  My boob size definitely has increased and my weight is still fine in fact the 5lbs I put on I definitely needed. It&#039;s only the first month of use so I definitely have to wait and see how it goes but overall I do love it.  I absolutely hated the pill and how it made me feel and the Nuvaring is nothing like that."
"I&#039;m on the generic version Citolopram. First 10mg for 7 days then up&#039;d to 20mg. Now on that for little over 4 weeks. Still feel blah. I&#039;ve been switching when I take it to see if it helps sleep. Well apparently you need to take at night! It&#039;s cousin to lexapro. I just took my 20mg at 9a.m.(to see) an its 2 hrs later an I&#039;m very sleepy. I&#039;m giving it 6 wks . I&#039;m on med #7. I hope this works. Not many left for me to try. Not much side effects with Celexa. Occasional anxiety but I also have Klonapine when needed. So going back to take at night. I am having night sweats occasionally  also but lethargy during day."
"I&#039;m a mom of an 8 month old. I took Subutex during my whole pregnancy and was told it was okay to breatfeed. My son was born perfectly normal, is the cutest baby alive and is hitting milestones right on schedule. Subutex saved my life and so did my son."
"By far the best sleep medication I&#039;ve ever taken.  I take 400-500 mg approximately 2 hours before bed.  It&#039;s a very deep, restful sleep.

I was very scared to take this because I&#039;ve had bad reactions to a few other medications.  I took Remeron for sleep, and that would give me a very strange head the next day.  I remember I used to have a lot of false awakenings on that stuff.  Trazodone was similar -- I used to feel utterly horrible the next day.

Seroquel is good."
"I have been using NuvaRing for over a year.  When I first started it was working for me, but lately I&#039;m finding that I&#039;m getting serious headache ever so often and my eyes are now a bit blurry. "
"Been on Exforge 5/165 for 3 months. Too tired all the time and gained 10 lbs. Will try 20 mg Prinivil and report back. Exforge did keep blood pressure down but I had bad side effect."
"I have suffered really sore muscles as the patch wears off. My neck feels like I have whiplash and my upper back and shoulders feel stiff and hurt. I&#039;m always well aware when it&#039;s time to change the patch. The problem is that the muscle pain starts to get really bad on the 5th day. Because of the 4 patch per month limit, I have to wait. Vicodin makes me feel loopy and Tramadol makes me feel completely out of it. I will be speaking with my doctor to see what he recommends I do. I, too have rashes at the patch site as mentioned by many others and the itching can get quite embarrassing as I don&#039;t realize I&#039;m standing at the meat counter at the grocery store scratching my belly until someone starts to stare. "
"I was suffering from extreme anxiety and panic disorders, the smallest things would lead to a full blown attack, I couldn&#039;t sleep, eat or care for my young son. It was crippling. My doctor first prescribed Ativan and something with and something else, but I began feeling like a a zombie and was sick. I couldn&#039;t wake up. I stopped taking the medicine after a few days and returned to the doctor worse off than before. He then prescribed the Prozac and I noticed difference within two days. The anxiety was less severe and completely gone within 6-7 weeks. Side effects were drowsiness for the few weeks. I have been on Prozac now for 7 months and we are going to begin weening off of it in the next month or two. It was a lifesaver in my eyes!"
"I just took it yesterday and I can barely walk from the sharp lower left hand side pain on my back. I haven&#039;t eaten anything and my boyfriend still thinks I&#039;m pregnant. I hope I&#039;m not. Next week I will take a test to see but overall I&#039;m hoping this pill works for me."
"Nausea, nausea, nausea. That&#039;s all I can say. My doctor keeps telling me to hang in there but I need something different. My depression doesn&#039;t seem to be improving. I&#039;ve been dealing with this for two months."
"I&#039;ve been on nexplanon since august 2015. At first i hated the fact that my period would not stop. I bled for about 3 months on and off, but after that my period stopped. I still spot every now and then but it&#039;s never a regular 7 day period. It lasts about 3 days and is incredibly light. 

Thankfully, I don&#039;t have trouble controlling my emotions with the form of birth control. It does not cause mood swings. 

It has now been over a year and i&#039;m still not pregnant so it does the job."
"I have taken Wellbutrin SR for about 8 months and I can tell a great difference between the brand name and the generic. "
"Very effective medication. I take 3 a day a feel great."
"At my first three injections on my right knee it didnt work right away but now two weeks after what a relief in pain from a 10 to a 2. Now I asked to do my left knee, I can&#039;t bend it when I walk. Hope it works then I wont limp when I walk excited."
"I take celexa 40 mg per day. I am taking it to help with PTSD, from when someone tried to kill me a few years ago. I also have extreme anxiety about small spaces, flying in an airplane and heights. I also have occasional panic attacks. Celexa has worked wonders for the constant anxiety and sadness I was feeling. Celexa has made me feel calm in situations where I would have previously panicked. I feel like my old self most days of the week. I would recommend this medication to anyone with anxiety about certain  situations and fears."
"I&#039;ve been on 2mg twice a day for over 14 years now. My dosage has never gone up and I feel it really helps keep my panic disorder in check. Sometimes I skip a dose and don&#039;t even notice it. 
I have had trouble with doctors wanting to take me off the medication and essentially play with my medications. However, my response is always &quot;if it ain&#039;t broke, don&#039;t fix it&quot;.  
I do recommend that anyone that is on this medication have a physician to monitor you on a regular basis. If you find yourself taking more than prescribed, please notify your doctor."
"I started taking Lexapro 10 mg about to months ago and felt great well my insurance would not cover the Lexapro no more so I got switched to Celexa. WEll I have been on it for two days and it has made me so mean. I am not liking this at all. Anything makes me irritable so I called my MD and am waiting on a phone call back."
"Hi! So I&#039;m 26 with 3 kids I had my last baby 3 months ago and I decided to get something that I wouldn&#039;t have to worry for a long time. It wasn&#039;t painful at all the only time I felt a hard pinch was when the doctor said he would measure my uterus I felt when he inserted the IUD but it was not painful at all.. when I went home I felt cramping throughout the day but ibuprofen did the work I haven&#039;t had any bleeding at all ...I will update in a few weeks!"
"This was the first birth control pill I was ever put on. It was great for that purpose (controlling birth) but caused me to have WEEK LONG periods. Seriously, bleeding for 7 days straight. It was terrible so I got switched to a form of Loestrin. I never had issues with acne on this medication which was great, so definitely good for that. Maybe it was just me but I had to get off of it because the week-long periods were so terrible. Going to try mononessa next because I have bad acne right now. Wish I could go back to this expect I cannot deal with the periods it gave me..."
"Today I got my 1st and I&#039;m not hurting at the injection site but I&#039;m feeling my uterus tight ..I&#039;m nervous"
"The best over the counter pain reliever I&#039;ve ever found."
"I have been using Stadol since I was 21 and I am now 40. This is a great medicine if you use it when you supposed to use it. I am 40 now and the doctors have to give me something much more stronger now to help me with my pain from cancer. "
"All these negative posts about reglan sounds like it&#039;s from the same person. I have seen reglan work wonders and help people get their life back. It&#039;s a great drug if used properly."
"I&#039;m 33 years old. I&#039;ve been on this medication for 6 years. My mood, temper and life in general are so much better. I went several years with depression that came on with postpartum. In a state of denial about my condition and not wanting to be labeled, I would not seek treatment. I wish I would have done so much sooner. I cannot say enough about Wellbutrin, it has changed my life. I deal with stress, death and everyday life of raising two teenagers now, which I firmly believe I could not have done without it. I have found you can be happy and would encourage people to get the mental help they need because medications like this one are life changing. I can also add side effects have not been an issue for me at all."
"Had little effect on Benign Prostate Hyperplasia symptoms.
Dosage 1mg at night."
"I haven&#039;t had any of the horrible side effects alot of people wrote about on here. I have almost finished the light blue pills. The only problem I had was a slight discomfort in the bottom of my belly the first couple days. I haven&#039;t had any breakouts but I got a cyst on my forehead the first week. I left it alone and it went away. I haven&#039;t had any nausea. I take the pill at breakfast with eggs and toast or sometimes just peanutbutter toast. So for anyone who is scared about taking birth control now please realize most people who review drugs have something negative to say. Don&#039;t be afraid to protect yourself."
"I switched my birth control to chateal reluctantly because my previous birth control was discontinued. I didn&#039;t like the switch at all, after two months on it I went to have my pill switched again and my doctor said to give it more time, nothing ever changed. I gained a full cup size in my breast as well as about 10 pounds total. I also had extreme headaches, breast pain, and was virtually emotionless. I just had my pill switched and am starting on Microgestin Fe at the end of the month."
"I took it for nerve pain on my back. Did not help at all. No side effect for me."
"Lexapro has been a major positive in my life. I&#039;ve suffered from depression for over 10 years now and taking this pill has solved so many issues I didn&#039;t even know where to begin to diagnose myself. My head became stable and generally positive and happy everyday. Its almost impossible to feel THAT down anymore. Another few positives has been that it has helped me slow way way down on my smoking and I have no real desire to drink alcohol, not that I&#039;m free from stress. My sexual desire has actually INCREASED. When you are so stressed all the time your sex drive normally goes down, so now that I am released from stress because of this pill I&#039;m doing things I was never able to do before."
"I started at 330lb in 10/2016 I am currently 269 as of 06/2017. I am so thankful for the medication. I know it helps. I also have to be responsible and make good decisions but the medication I believe helps me to do this. I have never been this successful in my weight loss journey in my entire life of being overweight. I am still not exactly sure how it works but it works. 
The side effects were mild for me, at first a slight headache that went away after about a month, some constipation but I am sure its because I have decreased my food consumption so much. I may be a little irritable at times but nothing I can&#039;t catch and change my attitude."
"They put 6 shots in my back, 3 on each side.  No relief, and then 9 days later relief.  It took the pain from my lower back and legs away.  I had pain in my neck where I have a plate.  It also took that pain away.  It also took my wrist pain away.  For reasons unknown to me I do now have upper middle of the back pain.  It blocks the chemical the makes things inflame, so therefore they cannot inflame.  
My neighbor gets back shots every 3 months and he is happy with his results."
"I have used all and just about every heartburn medicine OTC and prescription. Zegerid is by far the best product I have ever used. I recommend it to all it is a little pricey but is well worth the money."
"Long story short, I am terrified of medication , the first time I took Ativan I had already got myself all worked up about having to take it that when I did I went into full blown panic attack. It was not because of this med , it was my own doing. The second and third time I took it, it worked well . Allowed me to get through the entire day like myself again. Even took the depression away that I have caused from anxiety . I have only taken it 3 times in the last month since was prescribed it . Since I&#039;ve read how addicting this can be I have been very careful about taking it only when I really need it."
"I&rsquo;ve been on this birth control for about 4 years and have had a great experience with it. My boobs got a bit larger on it from a B cup to a D, don&rsquo;t think I gained too much weight, I am very active and have always stayed around the same weight, maybe 5-10 pounds more on it. I am pretty moody even before the pill, but I have noticed my PMS is worse on the pill, but it&rsquo;s still manageable. Never had a pregnancy scare and me and my boyfriend have unprotected sex the last 3 years.  Overall very effective and minimal side effects for me!"
"I haven&#039;t become pregnant on this pill, it is my 3rd month, but my mood is terrible. I feel bloated a bunch on it, and my back hurts all the time. Now I have break-through bleeding. I don&#039;t know what will come next but I&#039;m not going to be on this much longer. (I have no acne from it though which is a plus)."
"I have been taking this medication for 2 months.  I am so unbearably tired.  It has affected my quality of life.  I called my doctor today and am waiting on a call back.  She HAS to change my meds.  I can&#039;t tolerate the point of exhaustion.  I can&#039;t even make it through a grocery store without feeling the uncontrollable need to sleep.  My husband is fed up with me right now due to this, but it is not something I can help as long as I take it.  If it wasn&#039;t for that it would be a miracle drug.  I have felt better besides that."
"I&#039;ve been taking aubra for about 6-7 months now, and I have had no major side effects, the only thing I can really complain about is before when I got my period I  would never get cramps, now when I do have it I get cramps but they are very minor. I had little to no acne before taking it, and I have noticed I only get a few pimples here and there, my sex drive has not changed at all still pretty good. Mood swings are a bit of a problem to where I will get upset with my boyfriend for not replying in a timely matter, over dumb stuff I get upset. And no weight gain at all.  But other than that aubra has gotten me on a regular monthly period before I only had it once maybe 3 times a year."
"I did not feel it was helping all that well with the pain.[ lower, middle back and rib]   I went from 25 mg to 75, 150 then 225mg.  
I found I was tired and lethargic. I had a dry mouth and throat constantly, and my vision was hard to focus, jumpy.
I had stopped and restarted after 4 months, still the same. Breathing is harder, so I&#039;ve noticed this time.     I have stopped for good!"
"I&#039;ve had back problems for about 5 years now. I&#039;m scheduled to undergo my 3rd surgery in a month. I&#039;ve taken every pain medication on the market. My last concoction was 60mg OxiContin twice a day and 30 mg Roxicodone 6 times a day as needed for breakthrough pain. I also took 10mg Valium every night. About 2 months ago, my neurosurgeon recommended the Fentanyl patch. I was a little sceptical but I trust my doctor so I agreed. My initial dose was one 50 mcg/hr patch every 72 hours. I experienced some relief but still needed my breakthrough medication at least twice a day. After 2 weeks, my dose was increased to one 75 mcg/hr patch every 48-72 hours depending on my pain. I now have my life back and rarely need my breakthrough medication."
"I am a retired teacher with a long history of migraines.  Because of a heart condition, there were many medications I could not take.  I suffered through many days taking mostly over the counter medicines.  I was put on Topamax 10 months ago.  At 100 mg a day, I was so stupid I could never have run a classroom.  I could not do simple math problems or remember the names of streets nearby my home.  The huge relief of not having migraines made it almost worth it.  After all, I was now retired and did not have to be as sharp as I once was.  It was a tough decision .  My family was frustrated too with my huge brain fog.  I also had the tingling and taste changes but they are easy to adjust to.  I recently weaned myself down to 50mg a day and its working well."
"I am 20 years old. About a year ago I started breaking out like crazy. Being that I had never experienced having acne before, I was EXTREMELY self conscious. I have tried everything to heal my acne. Monthly microdermabrasions, peels, IPL (intense pulsed light), skinceutical products, prescriptions( clindamycin wipes and Azelaic acid cream) but nothing could keep my acne away for more than a day or two. I tried Aczone. It has changed my life. In one week I had barely any acne left. My worst breakouts were always jawline cysts. They still try to pop up but the Aczone calms them down until they go away. Try it!"
"I was panicked reading all these reviews but it worked great for me and got rid of my Uti after 3 other useless antibiotics. Bit of usual antibiotic side effects eg stomach pain but nothing really bad and nothing that lasted."
"After 20 years in denial, I could not take the agony any longer. This is the only medication that&#039;s ever helped me. I don&#039;t take it everyday, only for those occasions feeling &quot;it&quot; coming on. 

There were times I could not even venture out of my office at work or perform simple tasks; went by ambulance twice for symptoms of a &quot;heart attack&quot;; nothing wrong with my heart. Driving a car on the expressway for any distance was impossible. Finally a doctor prescribed Klonopin about 2 years ago. There&#039;s no way I&#039;d take this 3x daily, just as needed maybe 2-3 days a week. 

"
"I&#039;m the same user from 3/18 post, I started on 1/7/11 at 332.6lbs. I took 30mg for 60 days. I got another script for 60 days from my doctor. I changed all my eating habits from the first day and started to exercise. I decided to take a break for 10 days to get it out of my system before starting the new script. I noticed no side effects of stopping. I stuck with the diet and upped the exercise just a little. I still lost 3lbs that week! The week before, still on pills, I only lost 1.8lbs. I decided to stop taking it all together. I&#039;m down to 295lbs. You must change your diet and exercise."
"Imitrex shot is a very effective drug for me. Have had migraines for decades and was introduced to imitrex after 2 years of having blinding aura then 2 days of suffering in a dark room. Imitrex shot works within minutes. No pain killer needed. Once I give myself the shot, I lay down for about an hour. Only issues are brief fatigue, nausea for a few minutes and a strange prickly sensation in the top of my head which goes away quickly."
"This medication makes me sick to my stomach. I have to take this pill at night or I&#039;ll be nauseous the whole time I%u2019m at work. I went out of town one weekend and forgot my pills, so as soon as I got home I took two to catch up (in the morning) worse mistake of my life. I ended up throwing up at my desk. Besides the disgusting effect this medicine has on my stomach, it%u2019s ok. It%u2019s cheap, it definitely works, and if you can figure out the right time for you to take the medicine and always remember to take it, I don%u2019t think you&#039;d have any problem. The nausea is bad though (to me), I actually feel sick at this moment and I know it%u2019s from the pill I had to take this morning. I actually got on here to see if it just me. I don%u2019t see as many post about getting sick from this pill but it%u2019s my worst side effect."
"I was totally addicted to 10mg Vicodin and Oxycodone, Percocet for about 2 years. I started the weary rounds of running out early, then hitting Urgent Care in desperation for more pills - bottom line it did not work and I was terrified of withdrawal. Made a great choice: Suboxone - the best working medicine I have ever taken, a little strong at 8mg a day but worth it hands down 100%."
"Dymista was given to me by my allergist...I used to for about 4 or 5 days straight but was nauseated the whole time....and lost my sense of smell and taste.....I do not think this is worth the inability to taste and smell....plus being nauseated..."
"I just started this 3-4 days ago for helping me with fatigue. I&#039;ve been on Prozac for about a year, vyvanse for about 6-7 months &amp; klonopin as needed. I have anxiety and depression and never feel like doing anything. Adding brintellix to my morning routine actually made me hyper this evening and up this afternoon. I even played football with my brother for a while which is extremely rare or (never existed before) so I&#039;m going to keep trying! I&#039;m on 10mg of brintellix and 10mg of Prozac daily. And 40mg vyvanse for add."
"I have taken Adderall XR and Vyvanse. They both have a similar but not completely similar feeling when it comes to getting work done. But mainly my experience with Vyvance is quite good but not great. I take whenever I get up to go to school (6-6:30), and it takes an hour to kick in. I have been taking Vyvance for the last 4 years. It helps you focus a lot more than usual and it gives you the motivation to get work done. But the downside about it is that you feel depressed for a minute or anxiety, but after a couple of minutes you feel back motivated and happy. Also, I love that it gives you the mind clarity that I personally think everyone needs. Overall, my experience with Vyvance Is awesome. Btw I&#039;m 15"
"I&#039;m 59 years old, and have experienced migraines since age 5.  Imitrex is the best drug I&#039;ve used.  I take 100 mg at the first sign, and it prevents it 80% of the time.  If taken after the headache starts, it stops the pain within 1 hour, and much faster if I lay down.  Yes, there are mild side effects--drowsiness, sensitivite to hot and cold, but it sure is better than a headache."
"I&#039;ve been on zoloft for about a year, at 25mg. But I&#039;ve recently developed panic disorder can&#039;t seem to handle the side effects of going up. 
I believe I&#039;m not even at the optimal dose yet.
My doc perscribed me effexor XR and I&#039;m on day one of taking that and I feel completely emotionless.
I&#039;m going back go zoloft tomorrow because initially it worked for depression  and anxiety.
Everyone is different, but I&#039;ve tried citalopram, etsicitalopram, and now effexor and they all make me feel numb and like a zombie. 
Zoloft all the way.
My doc won&#039;t prescribe me benzos and I feel that zoloft will be great with xanax! Going back to the doctors next week to tell them to shove the effexor and I&#039;m staying in zoloft."
"I&#039;ve always had slightly dry eyes but it was tolerable until after I had Lasik. After a couple of months, the doctor suggested I try Xiidra. The first couple of weeks seemed ok but I could feel any improvement. The doctor said I should continue with OTC eye drops and ointment. After about 3 weeks though, my eyes began itching, like I have never experienced. It was intolerable. I wanted to rub my eyes out. I wasn&#039;t sure if it was the medication or allergies so I stopped the medication. It&#039;s been a few days now and my eyes are feeling better. Still dry but not the crazy itching."
"This has been the best medicine I have ever got for my problems. Every other doctor just ignored my feelings until finally I found the right doctor who listened and put me on klonopin. That was the best day of my life. It was like I had found me again. Thanks Klonopin, you&#039;re my life saver."
"Last year in June I was weighing 185lbs. I decided to take Phentermine. I took it for 3 months and lost 45 lbs, and 4 months later I still weigh 140 lbs and feel great."
"I&#039;ve suffered from migraines for over 20 years. Various treatments have worked over the years but lose their effectiveness after certain amount of time. 
Zomig has helped me tremendously because of the various methods of delivery. I&#039;ll take the nasal spray &amp; when that stops working after a few months, I&#039;ll switch to the tablets. 
While this product does work, it sometimes can take a second dose before I get relief. Sometimes, it doesn&#039;t work at all. It really depends on how soon I take it. Like someone else said in a previous review, sometimes I don&#039;t realize it&#039;s going to be a migraine. I do still get regular headaches and using my migraine medicine on those, in my opinion, can be wasteful. Especially at the price you have to pay for it."
"Hello all! I started zoloft 4 years ago (at age 22) for GAD/panic. The first 3/5 weeks I wanted to die from the side effects- extreme nausea, lack of appitite (lost 15 lbs on my 125lb frame) cold sweats, anxiety increase,  insomnia,  and feeling overall HOPELESS! I started on 50 mg and increased to a therapeutic level of 100mg. Over the last 4 years I have been on top of the world traveling, camping, building a home and have slowly decreased my zoloft to 12.5mg a day for the past year. 3 weeks ago I got lazy about taking my medicine and didn&#039;t take it for 3 or 4 days in a row, then remembered and started taking it again. 2 days later it was like I was starting from square 1(all the same effects) Don&#039;t fix what isn&#039;t broken-don&#039;t stop zoloft"
"I didn&#039;t want to quit smoking but knew I had to. At first I smoked while on the Chantix, but soon I found myself not interested in it. I smoked for 16 years, 1/2 a pack a day, and it worked! I had some side effects, weird dreams and slight depression but made it through and I feel great! It&#039;s been 6 months now free of smoking! I recommend Chantix!"
"Extremely effective until I developed a tolerance. Unfortunately, it was accompanied by &quot;sleep-shopping&quot; on Ebay."
"Atralin is an amazing ointment for acne prone, sensitive skin. I got a prescription for the topical gel because I was having mild to moderate breakouts and had acne scarring that had occurred before I went on Accutane. My skin is very sensitive, so I needed a mild gel. Every night I put a pea sized amount into my palm, mixed it with a small amount of my facial night cream, dabbed bits of the mixture all over my face and neck and then applied my night cream as usual. At first I was discouraged because I was very consistent with my regime and did not see results for many weeks. Then, after about three months of daily use, my acne and acne scarring began to clear up dramatically. I have not had a blemish in months!"
"I have been taking this for allergic sneezing, itchy eyes, itchy tongue and back if mouth, allergic post-nasal drip. Very effective. My grandmother told me about it forty five or fifty years ago.  Don&#039;t take it if you have high blood pressure. This is an oldie but a goodie. I prefer the short acting yellow pills rather then the twelve hour pills."
"I think Adipex helps if you&#039;re obese.  In my case, I only have about 20 pounds to lose and it&#039;s not worked that much for me."
"I hadn&#039;t taken another bc pill for a year or longer before stopping to get pregnant with my daughter. Had my daughter, took sprintec for about 3 month and almost died from a pulmonary embolism. The clot was confirmed to come from this birth control as I was only 19 years old, with no medicinal problems! I highly suggest a non hormonal type of birth control."
"Well I took the Plan B One-Step pill approximately 4 hours ago and I have not had any type of side effects so far. I did take some type of nausea syrup just in case, but I feel pretty good right now. "
"I get bronchitis annually and have previously been hospitalized for it, so I know my medicine.  This stuff is pathetic.  I initially thought I had been given the wrong medication!  Compared to this, OTC syrups work better at suppressing cough and letting me sleep.  I returned the bottle to the pharmacy.  It has no use in my home."
"Worst heartburn I&#039;ve ever had in my life and I don&#039;t get heartburn ever. Losing sleep from the pain.  Thought I was going crazy and then stumbled onto this page.  Exact symptoms as everyone else."
"I got Nexplanon bout 5 mouths ago and it works good for the birth control part but I have been Bleeding none stop. Out of the 5 mouths I probably didn&#039;t bleed for 2-3 weeks  but I have moods swings and my sex life is same cause my bf don&#039;t mind the blood."
"I gave this product a 9 purely on the fact that it did in fact hurt like hell using it the first night.
It was VERY uncomfortable the first treatment, burning, itching, painful. Remember, I would assume the amount of pain that&#039;s caused is based on how bad the infection is. Being pregnant (24 weeks), I tried to wait it out without medication and couldn&#039;t. A few things to mention....The first nights treatment sucks, its uncomfortable, painful, and lasts a little while (maybe an hour), but it does subside and you&#039;re able to sleep. Because I&#039;m pregnant, I do wake up at least twice a night to pee and the first wake up I had there was no more pain, itching or burning (RELIEF). That was worth the uncomfortable hour I had. STICK WITH IT, trust me!"
"After many months of suffering from Afib and trying all possible meds my electrophysiologist put me on Tikosyn and after first dose in the hospital I immediately converted. That was over 4 years ago. I am on 500micrograms twice a day plus Carvedilol 2x and Xarelto. I have eliminated caffeine and wine, only drink wine spritzer after dinner. No Afib since beginning, now am on dofetilide, a generic version of Tikosyn. Other than a stuffy nose  occasionally or being a little thirsty during night only very positive experience for me. Also, of course, the high cost of medication, even the generic version is still costly. I am a 73 years old woman and wonder if I have to stay on it for the rest of my life to feel normal."
"I have been on Oxycontin and methadone (whenever I ran out of Oxycontin) for about six years.  At first it was prescribed and helped chronic back pain, then I started taking more and more and eventually went through the 30 day script in ten days, so began buying off the streets.  I finally had enough of spending all my money and time looking for hillbilly heroin.  Started Suboxone films four days ago.  For me the first day was bad (withdrawals) but each day is getting better and better.  Too all in the same situation hang in there and get a good doctor."
"For the past 5 years I have been suffering from Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). It affected my life in all aspects. I finally found a solution to my disorder.  I take Zoloft 1 x 50mg pill everyday and 2 weeks before my period I take 2 pills (100mg).  I never felt better."
"I just got the nexplanon implant on the 15th of February. I&#039;m not sure if my period is on. I&#039;m 8 weeks post partum. My bleeding stopped once I got the implant but then a couple days later it came back. I&#039;m not cramping or bloated like a period my bleeding went from medium light to heavy real quick. I&#039;ll definitely talk to my doctor about it. Only 2 weeks in with this implant and I feel good. No mood swings or nothing. I haven&#039;t even been feeling depressed and I&#039;m diagnosed with depression. Hopefully I don&#039;t have any troubles with this. Everyone  body&#039;s  reacts differently."
"I am 29 years old and suffer from a torn disc at L3/L4 and a herniated disc at L4/L5 that is causing severe spinal stenosis. These injuries cause severe spasms and sciatic pain. 5mg Diazepam 3-4 times daily when I suffer a flare up and the pain and spasming eases within 2 days. I also am allergic to opiate medications so this really is a life saver along with meloxicam 15mg once daily for inflammation."
"My psychiatrist prescribed me Prozac recently when he diagnosed me with Generalised Anxiety Disorder and depression. My depression and anxiety was really bad. I constantly worried about the same things over and over again and couldn&#039;t control it, got bad panic attacks, could not eat or sleep and became very depressed. Xanax helped me but only temporarily. I&#039;m taking Prozac 20mg nearly two weeks now and already I feel like I&#039;m getting back to myself. I no longer worry, I&#039;m eating and sleeping better and panic attacks are just a thing of the past. The only side effects I have are increased appetite and fatigue. But all I can say is that Prozac is a God send, that I would highly recommend it. It has helped me so much."
"I may have had good experiences with Effexor the first six months or so. But, without a mood stabilizer, I soon went into a hypomanic stage. At times, on the medicine, I went into an full-blown manic phases. Once again, without a mood stabilizer.

The most challenging part about this medicine, (or the generic venlafaxine which I took) is quitting it. Now, I am a poster child for doing it wrong, no doubt.

That is, it is extremely challenging to quit this medicine going Cold Turkey. You will read online where people will tell you point blank, &quot;Do not quit this medicine cold turkey.&quot; Listen to them.

It took at least five months to feel like this medicine was totally out of my system."
"First time took two 220mg had chest pain and left arm pain lasted few days. Thought I just took to much. 5 months later another neck ache only thing with me at work those same rugby 220 naproxen. Instantaneously felt like I was having a heart attack, the following day my knees became swollen and  I couldn&#039;t walk. Three weeks later I still feel like I am having a heart attack. This product is the direct cause and the doctors have yet to figure out what it is. My chest keeps swelling up randomly, I have a one year old and a three year old and hate the thought I might die from taking one dumb pill for pain. Never again I&#039;ll just take the pain."
"Ritalin excellent medication boost ability to focus (minus  out thoughts which bounce off each other at 0-60 second speeds) Quite calming."
"I started at 12.5 and got moved up 25&#039;s  to me my weight loss is crazy... I&#039;ve lost 20lbs in about 2months. Hair loss is horrible.. its lowered my bp a bit. I feel tired achy and no energy. Also my joints get stiff."
"I had pneumonia and was given a 5 day treatment of Zithromax which didn&#039;t help, followed by a week of Biaxin which again didn&#039;t help.

After the second day of Avelox I felt a twinge in the tendon of my thumb that I put down to an injury a couple of weeks prior - but I have since read could be a side effect.  I have had zero appetite and been forcing myself to eat - no nausea, just no appetite which is probably a good thing for me.  Minor issues with concentration - trying to avoid driving, but since I don&#039;t feel well enough to go out yet (just took 6th dose of 10) it is not really an issue.  The symptoms of the pneumonia/bronchitis are improved when I wake up, but still present when I get into daily activities."
"I have been on Belviq for 21 days and have lost 20lbs. I was fortunate not to experience any side effects. My constant urge to eat was subsided almost immediately. I find that I have to make myself eat most days. I have lost 14 inches total so far and can&#039;t wait to see how much more I lose. This medicine has been a blessing for me. Go to the DR this week for my first checkup and am actually looking forward to getting on the scale!"
"I was on this medication for approximately 8 weeks.   I felt it did a great job with helping to sleep @ night but I felt more and more anxious and not able to sit still for long.   It did help a bit with anxiety attacks but overall I would say this drug was mostly beneficial for sleeping at night."
"it works"
"I&#039;ve only been on it 2 weeks but here&#039;s what I think so far. It&#039;s easy to put in, opens up inside you and sort of loops behind your cervix, which seems to hold it in place. Mine hasn&#039;t fallen out, not once. You can&#039;t feel it inside you.
I started this hoping it would help my periods. They are moderately heavy but never end. I literally bleed for 3 months straight then stop for a week then bleed another 3 months.
I was bleeding when I started it and have bled the 2 weeks since. So basically I&#039;m on my normal cycle and this hasn&#039;t affected that at all. No heavier or lighter.
I&#039;ve had no side affects at all.
Neither me or my husband feel it during sex."
"I switched from Lexapro to the generic escitalopram one month ago (since the generic is cheaper) and it was a disaster. I felt like I was no longer on medication: severe anxiety attacks, anger, depression, difficulty getting out of bed in the morning. I tried to wait it out for 1 month and then gave up and went back to Lexapro because my personal and professional relationships were being affected while I was on the generic escitalopram."
"I have been taking Ambien every night for a over 20 years. I am a nurse and it&#039;s very difficult to work swing shift and teach yourself to sleep whenever ..esp if you suffer from insomnia. I have had insomnia since a child, probably sleep walking. Sleep eating prior to taking the medicine. Now that I have it ..my life has improved 200 percent .No one can imaging how disturbing it is to lie in bed for 8 hours wide awake ...knowing you have work soon. When I first took it, I was groggy in the morning ..but now as long as I get 8 hours I wake up feeling awake and amazing ..never grew a tolerance for it. Always works. I will say when I had children under 5 ..I would never take it ...not safe ..when you are caring for others .this med saved me."
"I have been on 1800 mg of lithium, 400 mg of lamictal for 10 years now.  I was diagnosed bipolar 1 with anxiety more than 20 years ago.  Recently, I felt I was starting to go all over the place and I knew it was time to talk with my shrink.  He put me on  120 mg at night with .5 xanax while continuing my other 2 meds.  The first night I literally went dizzy numb my speech was severely slurred and I drooled as I tried watching TV with my children.  Next morning I was unable to drive them to school since I was still unable to clear my vision.  Night 2 I would take and called doc., he said that I needed to give it at least a 30 day cycle but leave out xanax.  I decided to self medicate and changed my dose to 60 mg daily, I bit manic but nice."
"I initially started taking Bontril to lose weight after a year of having a hysterectomy.  Not only did it suppress my appetite, I realized how much more &quot;focused&quot; I was.  "
"I&#039;ve been on and off this medicine since 2006, I was told I&#039;d be able to stop, but it has has not happened. It helps so much with the IH even with the tingling and taste issue side effects, I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it. I&#039;ve had two spinal taps and I really do not enjoy that experience."
"I have had treatment-resistant depression for 20 years and have tried Zoloft, Prozac, Effexor, Paxil, Celexa, Wellbutrin, Lexapro and Viibryd.  Lexapro (20 mg) and Wellbutrin (300mg XL) seem to work best but even with talk therapy, good diet and exercise I still have never achieved full remission.  After my psych doctor retired, I switched to another who had me tested for MTHFR mutations and started me on 15mg of Deplin. Within 7 days I felt better than I could ever remember - it was like a light switch!  Test results showed I am homozygous for the C677T MTHFR mutation.  I stopped taking Deplin after some agitation &amp; anxiety started; I restarted on a lower dose before ramping up to 15 again.  I have yet to see the same improvement after 3 weeks."
"This drug is truly amazing! Nobody can figure out why I&#039;ve been so nauseated and vomiting the last 2 years. When I have a really bad episode I take promethazine and don&#039;t throw up or feel nearly as sick. I don&#039;t even get the sleepy side effect it just makes everything better."
"After I had my son I was pretty leery about birth control because my cycle was so heavy and harsh. But! I decided to try the Nuvaring, and it has been one of the best choices I have made! Its so easy and I only have to worry about it once a month! Awesome right? It&#039;s helped regulate my periods and control my cramps. Safe to say I love my birth control!"
"I have been on Prozac for about 3 months and I must admit that it is a wonderful drug. It helps me control anger and anxiety issues that I have. My only complaint is that I seem to get tremors, but I could live with that."
"My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 4 years old. We have tried several different medicines. He has been on Metadate for almost two months and it&#039;s been like a miracle drug. He is very pleasant to be around now. He takes 20mgs in the morning and it has not seemed to affect his appetite or his sleep. He is doing much better in school. The teacher said she knew he knew the info but getting it out of him was like pulling teeth before. Now he is doing exactly what she wants him to do."
"Took Contrave for 1.5 months now. Down 12 lbs. which is nice. It&#039;s a slow pace. And I truly don&#039;t crave junk food a lot. I still might have a cookie. But I just have one. And I&#039;m ok with one. When I eat a sandwich I skip the mayo and chips with no problem. It&#039;s nice. This is how one is supposed to eat. Rationally and with portion control. The downside is it gives me a headache and makes me tired. I also get annoyed quite easily and want to avoid social situations with bad food enablers and don&#039;t want alcohol."
"I took Victoza for about 3 months. I lost some weight and the only side effect I had was difficulty in getting to sleep. However, after sometime I decide to quit this medication because I was afraid to take  higher doses as the 1.8 wasn&#039;t working anymore. To my surprise, after quitting,  I got very very hungry, craving for sweets, I feel like a hunger lion. i&#039;ve been eating much more than before.  I do not recommend Victoza for loosing weight at all. It works but .... will you be taking that for the rest of your life? Now my weight is higher than before starting with  Victoza."
"I&#039;m a larger guy. A full week before I did suprep I took miralax every day and started liquid diet two days early. 

Pre-suprep, charged all electronics and put them in bathroom. I&#039;ve decided to hang out in here until done.

Measured out two sixteen ounce cups of water and put it in one giant cup. Upon opening the first bottle I gave it a sniff test and it smelled alright. Took it warm and slammed it like a giant shot. The salty taste threw me off, but I went straight to my big cup and slammed the water. Kissed my fiance goodbye and have set up camp in the bathroom.

Two hours later, light cramping and faucet style diarrhea. After reading and hearing about preps, I came in scared. This feels easy as hell. Liquid went down fast."
"Treating patients with manic episodes I often prescribe Risperdal Consta. It works very well."
"cured my acne, caused permanent tinnitus and visual snow. still suffering four years later. stay away."
"My biggest complaint about this pill is that my sex drive  has disappeared. Also I feel somewhat more emotional on this pill, and my breasts feel huge."
"Propranolol is an AMAZING medication that completely eliminated the physical symptoms of my speech anxiety. My cognitive ability was sharp and the symptoms of shaking, fast heartbeat and adrenaline rushes GONE! I highly recommend this medicine for those of you who have uncontrollable physical speech anxiety."
"I took chantix  for about a month and a half and quit smoking. I had been smoking for over 30 years.  That was over 11 years ago"
"I was on Chateal for 4 months and I didn&#039;t like it. I was always moody and very emotional. I was always feeling depressed and I didn&#039;t like that. I&#039;m normally a happy person so when I started feeling this way. I immediately wanted to switch birth control. Only thing I liked about was that I had an appetite and was able to gain weight like I wanted too unlike the other birth controls I&#039;ve taken. I didn&#039;t like being moody all the time so I switched to the depo shot and I&#039;ve been so much happier."
"I&#039;ve been taking Sprintec for about 10 months. On the plus side- my face is very clear and my sex drive is normal; I also have very predictable, light and short periods. On the negative side, I experience PMS-like symptoms on the last two weeks of active pills... Bloating, cramps, swelling of breasts; etc. My appetite has increased considerably but I&#039;ve had no major weight gain. Overall I&#039;m happy with Sprintec, would definitely recommend!"
"I took this for about 5 months and didn&#039;t hate it until the last month or two, but by then I really, really hated it. My shin was pretty clear and my breasts grew two cup sizes, which was nice. However, they hurt constantly and were always sore. I always felt bloated and gained 5 pounds the first week, and another 8 pounds over the next couple months, The weight was IMPOSSIBLE to lose, and as someone who has struggled with eating disorders it was extremely disheartening. The worst part, however, was a complete and total loss of interest in sex. It was really damaging my relationship, to which sex has been a really huge part. The sex drive wasn&#039;t hugely affected until the end of my use of trinessa but it was a very intense drop off."
"Treximet is the only medicine that I have tried so far that will get rid of my headaches.  I get 7-10 migraines a month, and they can last for days.  I have found that with Treximet, I at least get a 12-24 hour break in my headache clusters.  My muscles do feel funny (heavy and weak) after I take it, but that is the only side effect I have noticed.  My only contention is that my insurance only covers 63 pills/180 days, and that I can go through more than that."
"It worked very well with no side effects."
"I&#039;ve been Struggling with weight loss and my Doctor recommended Belviq and I&#039;m down 16.5 pounds without gym wow! Give or take in a 6 weeks cause I had to wait to get my refill after the trial. I don&#039;t crave carbs as much. I Love it it&#039;s the best and I will keep going. Thanks Belviq"
"I got on this due to migraines I would have when I got my period. This medication has been a savior. When I first got on it I had some problems, I have break through bleeding in the second month that become a full on period so I was on my period for two months, but I figured it was my body getting adjusted. I&#039;m on my third three month pack now. No break through bleeding. My boobs hurt three weeks before I get my period, but other than that these medication is amazing. I have my sex drive back, no headaches, clear skin, and no weight gain!"
"I&#039;ve tried 2 other medicines (Pempro &amp; Femhrt) to relieve my hot flashes.  Angeliq is the best.  It did take a bit longer to start working, but once it started working I feel great.  No weight gain associated with this medicine, unlike the other 2.  Energy level has also improved. "
"Great site, read all the comments, I have only 1 kidney and been suffering form BPH for the last 3 plus years due to 1 Kidney removal. Have tried flow max - horrible side effects and loss of any
sexual appeal. Having 1 kidney Hopefully my urologist can prescribe Cialis, Again great comments."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot for about 2 and a half years. The first few times I got the shot I had some inconsistent spotting. I could never tell when it would occur. After a while my body adjusted and I haven&#039;t bled since. Before I got in the shot I weighed about 98 pounds and now I&#039;m at 110. THE SHOT DOES NOT MAKE YOU GAIN WEIGHT. The shot increases your appetite and it&#039;s what you eat and how much you eat that makes you gain weight. However no one informed me about the fact that it weakens your bones until about 1 month ago."
"Dad always had some amount of general anxiety but managed it reasonably.  In approx 1982 he was prescribed Xanax after his Dad died unexpectedly and he was instructed to take X as needed.  He&#039;s been on and off X ever since then and has needed progressively more.  About 20 years ago he &quot;graduated&quot; to other medications including anti-depressants and at one point was on a combo that resulted in a nearly-successful suicide attempt.  He never had suicidal thoughts before or after that particular combo.  He&#039;s now old and his life is in ruins.  He takes X throughout the day but is at the max and cannot take more.  Please be aware once you start on these medications you&#039;re in it for life.  Dr&#039;s know this -- job security for them!"
"This medicine took all my pain, I was able to function 100%. I slept fine, ate fine, moved fine. The only major problem is make sure your Dr. weens you off it. "
"I&#039;ve been using the 0.05 percent (worked my way up from 0.025) for almost 2 years now. I started off with it because my usually very clear skin started developing small spots that just weren&#039;t going away. They weren&#039;t very visible but I have grown up with people complimenting my skin all the time and to me, the small spots felt like a blow to my self-confidence. My doctor recommended the cream to me. Within 2 weeks of usage , my skin cleared up. There was some peeling but that went away after my skin adjusted to it. Anyway, I continued with the use for almost 2 years now because my skin has never looked this beautiful and glowy as it does now."
"I was scheduled for Cardio Version to treat A-Fib.  I stopped taking 48 hours before the procedure.  I was told the treatment would take 2 hours and I must lie flat for a total of 4 hours.  Well, 10 1/2 hours later, I was still lying flat from severe bleeding in my bladder - not even where the incision was made.  I was allowed to go home the next day.  

The doctor&#039;s PA told me to start back up right away on Savaysa to prevent a stroke.  I did even though I disagreed.  

In less than 6 weeks I began to have double vision  and lost the use of my left leg.  My husband insisted I go to the emergency room.  Long story short, brain scan found two bleeding brain masses &amp; I was flown to a Hospital in Phoenix where I remained 8 days"
"I started using this cream about 2 weeks ago - the first few days were fantastic and it cleared up my spots straight away. However after about a week my skin became very red, dry and incredibly itchy. I stopped using it about 3 days ago however my skin is still very red and itchy around my chin and jawline. It has cleared up the spots for now, however the constant itching is not worth it. I won&rsquo;t be going back to it."
"After some serious life events I became depressed - while I didn&#039;t truly realize it - my house became overly cluttered, work went from great to average, got behind on things... after attempts at Lexapro, we figured out that I was having a reaction to the Lexapro - We started on nortriptyline.  The first winter I worked up to 75mg/day - then went off for a few months during the summer - this year I&#039;ve worked from 25mg then to 50mg/day.  It&#039;s amazing how much better I&#039;m performing.  I do have issues with the drowsiness but I try to work through that. Work is now improving after about 14 months of treatment and the home is slowly getting better."
"My son has done a complete turn around since he has began taking Vyvanse."
"In the first month I broke out with the worst acne I&#039;ve ever experienced (large and painful). The second month progressed to smaller acne occurring but my skin became very dry, especially my lips. Chapstick has to be applied about every 20 minutes. There were rashes on my forearms from a reaction that looked like poison ivy and felt like eczema. The third month is where I noticed my pores began to shrink. There are no more large breakouts, just minor acne when it decides to show. Now I am in my fourth month and there are very few break outs and in their own area; no clusters of breakouts. Overall Accutane is a great product for severe acne and it can change anyone&#039;s life, but the side effects are serious and patients need to be safe!"
"I have had my Implanon for 3 years and need to get it removed in a few days. I love it. I had No periods for about 1 1/2 years, then one every 4 months for a year.

The downside is now it&#039;s closer to one week long period with a week long break in between. It&#039;s been really frequent for the last month or so. 
I am about 175 lbs though, and I don&#039;t know if the tapering off would be so obvious in someone with less body mass or even more muscle mass. I am thinking about getting a new one in anyway, or perhaps taking a shot or two of Depo before getting a new Implanon inserted."
"I have stenosis with degenerative disk disease. On low dose and have not had surgery. xtampza is better than not having any pain relief but not by much. Very slow onset, lasts perhaps 8 hours (same as oxycontin) and unpredictible relief depending on diet."
"I have been taking Wellbutrin SR 150mg for five years. Have been doing really well, but here lately I have been really tired, low sex drive, wanting to eat when I am not hungry.  Maybe I need an increase."
"I actually had no desire to quit smoking.  I enjoyed the feeling, smell and taste. My boyfriend and family and everyone except for my co-workers, didn&#039;t smoke. I figured I&#039;d shush them all and give it a shot and be done with &quot;trying to quit&quot;. Read a ton of reviews and told my boyfriend that If I tried it, I might go crazy, but he said he didn&#039;t care as long as I quit smoking. I got a prescription from my doctor. Bought a pack the same day I started. Took me 3 days to smoke it, down from a pack a day. The next pack took a week and the last pack took me 2 weeks. Haven&#039;t bought a pack or bummed since. Made me cranky and gave me vivid dreams, but not scary ones. Been off Chantix for 2 weeks and still nothing. Very VERY thankful in the long run."
"Day 4 on the 6 day pak (4mg each) and I feel awful. Insomnia, doctor gave me valium to sleep, only slept 3 hours each day. Shakiness and nauseous and my sinus infection doesn&#039;t feel much better. Had I known about the side effects I never would have started."
"For months been having severe insomnia. Waking 3 or 4 times during the night, never getting more than 4 hours of sleep. Twice in the span of a week and a half no sleep at all. Always feeling tired but not drowsy. I was given prescription for 10.-15mg of Restoril by an ER doctor. Took half a dose one afternoon and slept for 3 hours. Took the other half that early evening and knocked out after 20 minutes and slept for 6 hours. No side effects. Feeling better. "
"This is day number 5 for me,  I haven&#039;t checked my weight yet but I dont feel hungry all the time as I use to, not sure if it&#039;s because I&#039;m alway nausous.  The side effects are so overwhelming it&#039;s long lasting during the day.   I plan to start taking the shot at nights but was afraid of insomnia."
"I started taking Wellbutrin for my depression, and it was the first medication that I have tried. The first week and a half or so was uneventful and I barely felt any change. After that, things went downhill. I began having major mood swings - I would go from being happy and energetic one minute to so depressed I would break down crying and couldn&#039;t even motivate myself to do anything to being angry and agitated for no apparent reason. I also began to &quot;space out&quot; at random times, myself or my friends and family would catch me staring at the floor for minutes at a time. I also had a sort of out of body experience where I lost my sense of self and felt depersonalized for about 15 seconds. I ended up stopping the drug after just under a month."
"Worst medication ever. Taking this medication was the biggest mistake I ever made and I want to wean off it so bad.  I wish I had a time machine to go back and stop myself from taking this poison. It has caused me severe depression, hair loss, worsening anxiety had a very negative effect on my sex life  (I&#039;m a 30 yr old newly wed).  Drug companies will not be honest about side effects because bp meds are a huge money maker for them as they are one of the most commonly prescribed meds....do your own research I wish I had"
"I was able to take this medication for 6 weeks. Two weeks were from my doctors samples, and I was able to purchase an additional month. For the first time I was experiencing wonderful control of my diabetes. I must also say, I had gastric sleeve surgery (stomach stapling) almost a year ago. I wanted to try this medication when my A1c was not going down fast enough, with my weight loss.
Unfortunately I will no longer be able to take Farxiga. I am on Social Security, and the price of this drug will send me into the &quot;donut hole&quot; very rapidly. When that happens, and I believe that to be by June 2016, I will be forced to pay the full cost of ALL my meds, out of pocket.  I am not eligible for any help from anyone. This is extremely upsetting."
"Although this drug has paused my seizure activity, I feel like a different person. The first month my mood swings were unreal and almost indescribable. I&#039;d wake up so happy in the morning and be depressed by around 4-5pm. I was and still am fatigued all the time, and little things like walking up the stairs make me out of breath. I also let little things annoy me and unfortunately take it out on the people around me. I have lost 10 pounds since I&#039;ve started this medication, I have no desire to eat even though I know my body needs food. I feel like Dory from Finding Nemo and it makes me embarrassed at times. My friends will tell me something and I&#039;ll completely forget what they said and ask them about it a few minutes later."
"My daughter was prescribed this dreadful drug by a supposedly Consultant psychiatrist. Her weight doubled in just over a year. This drug gives you suicidal thoughts and my daughter committed suicide on 16th November 2016.
Reading her suicide note was heartbreaking. 
The Seroquel never helped her in any way so she tried to come off them and the withdrawal effects were horrendous.I believe that her mental condition got worse when she was on this drug. I would never recommend this medicatiion to anyone.
I live in the UK."
"I have been on Requip for 3 days now. 1mg total. It&#039;s done nothing. I&#039;m exhausted and want to sleep but the RSL keeps me up. I average about 4 hours of sleep a day now. I spend hours in my chair with my arms and legs shaking. It&#039;s pure hell. Sometimes I feel like taking a chainsaw to my limbs."
"I was given this originally for fibromyalgia.  It worked well for the pain, however it took a higher dosage to keep th pain away.  The side effects became a problem, spacey, and fuzzy all day.  I tried to stop taking it, yet the Doctor did not want me to stop.  I stopped on my own cold turkey.  Wow, 6 weeks to get it out of my system!  Went to the hospital with withdraw symptoms bad.  "
"I had a liver and kidney transplant and have been on Myfortic for at least 4 years after being switched from regular mycophenalate. Both medicines have worked well for me for years.  The only negative I&#039;ve had is periods of severe diarrhea with very little ability to control it. Once the dose was lowered this symptom is now tolerable."
"This is extremely effective in preventing pregnancy. However the side effects are HORRIBLE. I have been on my period for most of this year. I got this in around the end of February beginning of March about two weeks later I started a full on period. It lasted for about THREE MONTHS, my doctor had to give me a prescription for it to stop. Then it stopped for about a month and started again and hasn&#039;t stopped since. That&#039;s another TWO MONTHS. I have been on my period for most of this year. This is not to mention the depression and 20 pound weight gain. "
"I was on this birth control for five months and it served its purpose -- preventing pregnancy. I did notice a few downsides, though. I had more cravings and ate a lot more, gaining around 8 lbs within the five months. I&#039;ve always been an anxious person, this pill made it so much worse. I also noticed I was super emotional and had horrible mood swings. Overall, it was an okay pill, but I&#039;m going to look for a birth control with less side effects."
"I have been taking this medication for I am guessing two years and have loved it. Not really had any side effects that I could think that were any big deal. Now all of a sudden about a week or two ago I can not go a day without an accident or a close call. I need to figure out something soon."
"It works amazingly at times and the effects are almost immediate - the swelling disappears and the deformed mass of swollen veins around the anus retracts. However majority of the times I have to sit for a while and apply external pressure for the swelling to subside. I also use a Lidocaine based Indian cream called Hadensa to soothe the exposed areas as I have Grade 4 hemorrhoids."
"Dramatically reduced excessive hair growth on my face related to PCOS.  Was on this for 7 years and loved it!  Took a break to start a family, but will start taking again."
"I switched from Mononessa to Yaz. After the horrible experience I had with Mononessa, Yaz was amazing! It was all good until the beginning of my 4th year of being on it. My body got used to Yaz. I noticed a drastic change in my sex drive(like no sex drive at all, my poor BF), and insane mood swings and starting to feel sadness. I went to the doctor, today actually, and asked her to switch and now I am trying Microgestin in one month after I get my period again. I am nervous since I am reading a lot about the weight gain and mood swings and low sex drive involved with Microgestin which is what I&#039;m trying to get away from. But good thing is, I can always go back and keep trying since there are thousands of birth controls out there. Goodluck!"
"Personally I have had so far a great experience on alesse. I&#039;ve been on it for just over 6 months now, it has helped with acne and regulating periods. I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain at all, and my period are super light. I however just recently started having sex, and overall I am a nervous person about getting pregnant, but so far all good! *finger crossed*"
"My Crohn&#039;s disease diagnosis followed a routine colonoscopy at age 54. I had unexplained bouts with diarrhea but never thought much of it. Pentasa reduced the frequency from about every three weeks to about every six-eight weeks, and appears to have reduced the inflammation. No obvious side effects, seems to be helping."
"It says ON THE BOTTLE to take this medicine with food. This is probably why you are experiencing nausea and fatigue. 

It&#039;s a great medicine and a great alternative and preventative if you&#039;re like me and suffer from chronic UTI&#039;s."
"Is very good for pain. I have ankle strains, elbow bursitis, shoulder bursitis, arthritis and joint pain and strained tendons in both knees. Constipation is the only side effect."
"I would not recommend this birth control. I had severe mood swings and was always fatigue. I switched from the patch Ortha Evra to this pill to get better results and it did not work for me at all!"
"I was diagnosed post traumatic stress disorder from Iraq war and also which goes along with adult ADHD and depression. They say it has a lot to do with my mind, has so many thoughts of what happened, what is happening, etc. racing through it that I guess it basically just gets worn out like exercising but once they started Ritalin 20 mg three times a day it helped a lot. More focused, less worried and in time just felt more rested and calm. But did have to force to eat at first. Lost my appetite until I got used to it."
"I took Cymbalta (20mg twice per day) for about a year. The drug worked better than any other AD I tried. Around 10 months ago, I wanted to see if I could come off the drug to see how I would do. I suffered from anxiety and mild depression. Once the drug was weaned out of my system, I haven&#039;t felt quite right. My doctor agreed for me to start taking it again. After three weeks, I have a much better state of mind with decreased anxiety. I really like this medication and have no side effects!"
"Stay away from this nightmare drug it can in most likely cause depression and more it&#039;s dangerous i had withdrawals for months horrible......."
"Took just one 156mg a month ago (33 days).
I was given this by force to control my irritability. I was misdiagnosed as my irritation is caused by a physical condition that I kept mentioning to the Drs who did not listen, and said I had mood swings.

Unable to get sore from workouts. Have lost muscle tone. Loss of strength and stamina. Constant sore throat and thirst. 0 sexual interest and completely impotent. Heavy increase in urination. Have occasional feeling of tight band around head after slight arousal. Rarely some left ab pain.

Blood ast &amp; alt lvls increased by 30 points

I have noticed my 15 inch arms shrink to 13 inches in just a month. I cannot exercise or pick up weights all. I am not getting even slightly sore from intense work."
"The medicine is very good at relieving the symptoms of a cold. Greatly reduced cough and dried me up as I have never seen. It may be too dry so drink a lot of fluids. I have to say though, don&#039;t drive a car or operate machinery. It makes it very hard to think clearly. Definitely made for use where you stay home and depend on someone else to do the thinking."
"I was addicted to pain pills for 35 years and didn&#039;t think I would ever live a normal life again until I found Suboxone - it literally saved my life. I started out taking Emprin #4 - that&#039;s what my OB/GYN prescribed after I had my first baby - and I have to admit I was immediately drawn to the euphoric feeling I got from taking one little pill.  They were easy to get at first, but as my habit grew I got more creative and started forging scripts.  Eventually, I ended up in jail, lost several fantastic jobs, almost lost my family.  I hear Suboxone is harmful if taken long-term, but I&#039;ve been on it for 8 yrs and don&#039;t ever plan on stopping - it&#039;s the only way I can function normally so it&#039;s worth the risk for me."
"Started Chantix and had horrible dreams at night and depression / suicidal thoughts during the day. After a week, I stopped taking it and continued to smoke. 

I tried the drug again the next year and had amazing results. The medication completely curbed my desire to smoke. I also lost the urge to drink Mt. Dew. Anyways, I quit smoking for 2 years. 

After not smoking for 2 years my oldest child became ill and was hospitalized. I ended up smoking again during this life event.

I immediately started taking Chantix after he left the hospital and the drug worked again. I have not smoke for many years and have lost the urge to pick the habit back up. 

Please, please do yourself a favor and use this life enhancing drug. It was the best decision"
"Soolantra is working pretty well.  No side effects and cleared up some of the problem.  Have only been using it for 2 weeks and I do see improvement.  I had a bad reaction to Metrogel and while Finacea worked for me, it is expensive and stings my skin.  Will stick with Soolantra I think."
"I have Bipolar Disorder and I was put on 50mg of Pristiq in May. It worked well for a bit. The Psych Doc increased the dose to 100mg last week. I&#039;ve noticed a huge difference in my anxiety. My anxiety is near gone! I did have headaches, but I&#039;ve only been on this new dose for almost a week. Oh, at times I feel a little nauseous."
"If you take a couple Senna tablets with the linzess,  it works great! I use it about every 2-3 days because it completely cleans me out and it&#039;s enough. I do need to make sure I can get to a bathroom in a reasonable amount of time, but my stomach gurgles and gives me enough warning. It&#039;s a lifesaver ! It works for me! Also, I have lost weight, not gained!  And my stomach is now flat instead of distended from all the waste and bloat."
"I just started this patch today, but I must say..so far I am in love!  I am 27, and over the past year I have became more and more irritated with my bladder. I am a bartender, and I have very busy, hectic nights when walking away from the bar just isn&#039;t an option....and yet I always have to ask my boss to cover the bar for me while I use the ladies room. I&#039;m talking up to 14 times in one shift. I constantly felt like I had to pee, and 20 minutes after I would pee, I felt like if I didn&#039;t go again, it would just start coming out on its own. I only went to the bathroom FIVE times while at work. (From 2pm-11pm). I am very pleased. No side affects so far, even with my sensitive skin. This product is life changing!!!"
"Well, I was actually being treated for secondary hypogonadism. Clomid worked like a charm. The first 4 days I could seriously feel my testicals growing and it felt like pressure, which sort of caused me to feel aroused all day...strange but sort of pleasant.  I also felt happy and young again, like I did when I was younger.. super positive...just all around great.

Then after around 5 days, the super positive effect wore off, not a bad deal, just sort of a bummer, then I started to get lightheaded sort of having balance issues. Not so bad I couldn&#039;t drive or anything, but uncomfortable for sure.

So I called my doc (endocrinologist) and he said it would be okay if I reduced my dose from 25mg/day to 12.5 mg/day (quarter tab). Just got worse."
"The stuff is nuclear. I hated it but it cleaned me out big time. Second dose gave me huge headache, nausea, dry heaves, dizziness, and sweats and chills and fear. I was totally cleaned out. Third colonoscopy but first and last time on this."
"Most stable I&#039;ve been in years, seem to be more in the moment, a bit more confident with people, less nervous, no feelings of depression, don&#039;t really worry so much about anything. I&#039;m getting positive feedback from people. Not full of energy but I&#039;m wondering whether the emotional stability I now have will facilitate my projects, I&#039;m more consistent, perhaps likely to get waylaid by instability. It would seem that it&#039;d be a silly idea to go off parnate. The food restrictions are irrelevant for me, why would anybody who values their body and life eat pizza and cured meats ? I&#039;m feeling stronger, more clear about life - and how short it is. I take 40mg per day"
"I am 18 years old, in college and after 6 months of figuring out what I had and many medications nothing worked until Hyoscyamine. I take 1 when I get pain and it helps within 5 minutes. If you have a chance to get it ...do it. So worth it."
"first injection no pain, 2nd hurt and 3rd injection had me in tears!  Still no relief from pain and burning in my knee.  Both knees are bone on bone no cartilage left.  2 more injections to go but not real optimistic at this point.  :("
"I&#039;ve been on every antidepressant known to mankind and they were awful to me. Either the side effects were too bad or it turned me into a complete zombie to the point work was out of the question, and then my dr said we would try one more called Prozac and the reason he had not prescribed it before was because it took 6-8 weeks to reach full effect as where the others took less then half that time. I started out taking 10mg because I have always been very sensitive to antidepressants and their side effects. For about the first 2 or 3 weeks I experience light anxiety... Then finally the 6 weeks passed and still nothing, but then finally about 8 weeks into the mediation, I feel like Santa Clause on steroids! It has saved my life! "
"I&#039;ve been give Pennsaid for tennis elbow and wrist tendonitis...I wish I had the results others claim, but for me it doesn&#039;t seem to do anything."
"I have always had horrid acne, and nothing seemed to work. Tried ProActive and while it would work, the moment I skipped one day of treatment, I would breakout. After years of fighting it, I went to my local Skin Institute, where they prescribed me EpiDuo. It works, end of story. Now for about the first month or two, it does dry the skin out, particularly around the lips and nose. What I found works is Aveeno facial moisturizers. They don&#039;t cause the skin to breakout and they help the affected areas. Within three months, my acne was noticeably better and I&#039;m very happy with it! Trust me, it is worth the wait!"
"I&#039;ve been taking lamictal for three years.  I never felt it worked in the first place, but the docs kept increasing the dose because it was not working.  After being on 200 mg for about 9 months, I&#039;ve decided that it was not worth taking a pill that does absolutely nothing for me.  I still get severely depressed.  I&#039;ve tried most drugs out there and am running out of options, but this is not one of them"
"Side effects experienced from 3-month shot: hot flashes, night sweats, fatigue, cognitive &quot;fuzziness&quot;, decreased memory. I experienced a significant temporary reduction in fibroid size/abdomen size (pre-surgery)."
"Started my very first pack in February, had heavy periods every 3 weeks for the first 3 months. But now, month 4 its normal and not heavy at all, no cramps and its regular which is great now since I am age 40."
"I am currently on 375mg Lamotrigine, and until recently, on 300mg Vimpat.  My seizures reduced from one/month to one over a three month period, but still had frequent auras. My doctor increased my Vimpat to 400mg and I have not had a seizure in over 6 months and have had maybe only one aura. My seizures have started only in my sleep and it is a relief now to go to bed with out fearing that I will have a seizure.  The only &#039;bad&#039; side effect is the difficulty coming up with words. It&#039;s very irritating and does affect my job to some degree, but the tradeoff is worth it."
"All my life I&#039;ve suffered from depression. Within the last year, severe anxiety came out of nowhere and I&#039;d have about 2 or three bad attacks per month, on top of the multiple small attacks I&#039;d get daily. ESPECIALLY in social settings. But even alone. I completely withdrew myself from my classes and my social life because of this. 

 I started going to church. Meditating, running, praying, dieting, yoga, and trying to practice mindfulness.The failed attempts worsened my depression.

 I wanted the anxiety to stop so bad that I frequently considered suicide.  Its been less than a day taking Lexapro but I&#039;m so hopeful. Everything that felt like such a huge deal just hours ago are so minimal now. "
"I was on the Ortho Evra patch for about a year and a half and was very pleased. It only needs to be changed once a week so it&#039;s much more convenient than daily pills. It also really helped clear up the mild-moderate acne that I had previously struggled with. I didn&#039;t notice any weight gain while I was on the patch and my bust went up a cup size. The only possible downside is that when I stopped the patch I dropped 5 lbs in a week, so I guess I had put that weight on slowly. Overall, I would say this is a great option for those who are looking for the convenience of a once a week change and are comfortable with side effects of maybe some slight weight gain and bigger breasts."
"I&#039;m a 31 year old mom of three, and had been experiencing the worst acne of my life for the past year. I&#039;ve always had acne off and on since a teen, but the past year I had cystic acne along my chin line and under my jaw like nothing else. Painful. Embarrassing. My Doc prescribed this, in the liquid form that you pat on. I use it nightly every or every other night (along with a RX benzoyl peroxide cleanser first). One month down and acne cleared up almost immediately. I will continue using for maintenance of course. I&#039;m sensitive to Retin A, this stuff though never leaves my skin dry or burned like Retin A did."
"I had my Mirena inserted in March 2011. I had it in for 6 months and kept losing weight... it was GREAT! I dropped about 10-15 lbs. The cons for me were: oily hair/skin, back acne (which I never usually have), and severe unexplainable joint pain. I had it removed 3 months ago due to the joint pain, as it was unbearable. I have started gaining weight (~5lbs) so I&#039;m thinking about trying the Mirena again. "
"I&#039;ve been on 50 mg of Zoloft for 5 days. Believe it or not I feel a little better already. I got up this morning and cleaned my entire house. My mood is better with my kids and people around me. I&#039;m not where I want to be but it&#039;s still early. My only complaint is severe gas. I can&#039;t seem to make it stop no matter what I try ( beano, gas x) but I&#039;m gonna keep going for now. It feels good not having to fight with your own brain everyday to &quot;try&quot; to be or &quot;act&quot; happy. Good luck to everyone. :)"
"At 16 I went on the pill, I was on the ortho tricyclin for about 3 years with no problem aside from small weight gain... suddenly I had gotten my period for 2 months straight! So my doc changed me to Sprintec and immediately I was getting headaches and yeast infections continuously! So now I&#039;m on Tri-Linyah and its horrible! My mood swings are out of the world! I lost my sex drive completely! I went from wanting sex with my man of a year all the time to never! The amount of discharge has completely increased its horrible."
"My daughter has been taking this for about 2 months and it seems to be working besides she has been really disrespectful to everyone witch we have not seen with her before with her other meds."
"My Mother was diagnosed 2 months ago with stage 4 lung cancer that has already spread to her brain. I smoked for 25 years and quit using Chantix. If you truly love your children, you will quit too."
"Lyrica made my fibromyagia symptoms worse. All it did was make me gain excessive amonts of weight (over 80lbs in 6 months) and it caused more stress on my joints and symptoms then not taking anything at all for it. I hated it and recommend doing the vitamin regimen and looking up as much as you can online and sharing the websites you find with your doctor."
"Tried numerous statins over a dozen, legs hurt so bad couldn&#039;t sleep.  Been taking this 2mg for over two years NO side effects. If you not on any govt program like Medicare you can use the company card and get it for $18.00 a month vs. $233.00 a month cash. "
"Very effective in stopping many decades of violent nightmares. There was a difference for me starting the first night on 1 mg. After several weeks I&#039;m now taking 3mg nightly and have had good success with sleeping better throughout the night. The times I do wake up I&#039;m calmer than in the past, and can go back to sleep far more easily."
"I liked Nexplanon for not having to remember to take a pill everyday and it did it&#039;s job. Apart from light spotting for the first 2 month I had no period for the other 15 months.  Down sides were I put  2 stone on which is not budging. I had horrendous irritable bowel syndrome which thankfully disappeared the day it was removed. It took 8 months to have it removed as it had gone too deep in my arm and so had to wait for hospital appointment. Even though it was 9mm deep it didn&#039;t hurt having it removed. Just waiting for my 2nd period off, they appear to be every 6 weeks but lighter and shorter (3-4 days). Just wish the weight would go now"
"I had this put in back in December. Since then, I had a three month long period, a week break, three weeks on and a week off back and forth and I&#039;m at my breaking point. My anxiety is worse than ever and my depression I thought I had been cured of is slowly getting worse and worse. I&#039;ve gained 30+ pounds and I&#039;m miserable. I can&#039;t have sex and it&#039;s heavily effecting my marriage, not to mention the constant mood swings and the general emotional apocalypse that is Nexplanon. But hey, we&#039;re not pregnant."
"I have taken Neuorontin for over five years. I have Multiple Sclerosis and lots of nerve pain. This medicine works...But it will change your personality. BEWARE.. can make you violent. However for nerve pain best medicine out there."
"I&#039;m on the minipill and have never had any issues.   My insurance switched me to this one and right away, I&#039;ve experienced nearly all the side effects!  I am trying to switch to a different minipill now to stop all the side effects and feel normal again!  What I&#039;ve experienced: breakthrough heavy bleeding the second week of pills, no period during last week of pills, nausea, headaches, weight gain, acne, cramping, and just an overall feeling of not feeling well."
"To me has been working for around 7 years I love it. Although I have been a constant birth control user for over 10 years never have kids or been pregnant so I&#039;m 30 now I have stopped taking it to avoid any future complications due to general birth control issues.before I started taking it. I tried many and Luthera is been the best working on me. I highly recommend it"
"Citalopram has literally given me my life back.  I have suffered, largely untreated, with mild-moderate depression for most of my adult life (and likely as a teen).  About 10 yrs ago, I had taken Zoloft, but hated the way I felt on it.  Since then, I had sworn off anti-depressants.  The past few years have been stress-filled and in the past year or so, I have been on a downward spiral.  I was holding it together well enough at work, but would crash when I got home.  I wasn&#039;t being the mother or wife I wanted to be (and knew I could be), and was likely headed for a divorce.  I was diagnosed with PMDD (though I think it is more general depression as well) and started on 20 mg of citalopram.  I am me again! (side effects=dry mouth, sweating, high sex drive)."
"I had to use some Watson  lidocaine  patch&#039;s one time because my other brand was not in stock at this particular store. Although they did work they fall off in 5 minutes. I wonder if it is the difference in skin texture or something defective with my patches in this box. One user said they stick.   Did I get a bad box?"
"This year of 2016 I have spent two stays in hospital with severe stomach pain, I lost two stone in weight as the normal day to day food of meats, veg and snacks caused the pain to increase.  In September I was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, my consultant then prescribed Creon.  For me I have suffered no side effects, only complete relief from the horrendous pain pancreatitis causes.  I have now gained weight as I can once again enjoy meats, but I do trim the fat of steaks and chops.  I also take senna alongside Creon as this helps keep my bowel movement to almost normal.  I very rarely get those nasty smelly floating stools as I have got my dosage just right.  Taking Creon has given me back my previous life."
"I&#039;ve suffered from constipation my whole life. I was recently diagnosed with mild chronic gastritis and I was always in pain, it used to take me a few hours just to try and go number 2. I started taking Muralax about 4 months ago and it&#039;s done miracles. Unfortunately I stopped taking it for a few days and felt sick again once I started to take it. I definitely recommend it! It&#039;s a miracle worker!"
"I am an adult female. I was prescribed 10 mg once a day. My counselor advised my Behavioral Health MD to treat me for possible ADD/ADHD. I&#039;m also taking clonopin and Ambien, which might account for my reaction- Ritalin made me sleepy and kind of depressed! I was really surprised, as I&#039;d never heard of that reaction. Also taking Lamictal and Trileptal for bipolar. Hm.... I sure would like to know if others have this reaction, or if upping the dose would possibly make me not so depressed."
"I am 30 &amp; have never had kids. My doctor prescribed me misoprostol to be taken before my appointment orally &amp; vaginally. I don&#039;t really know if that helped at all, but I was also on day 2 of my period which was ideal. I took 800mg of ibuprofen before the appointment at around 12PM &amp; then I also took 550mg of naproxen sodium an hour before my appointment. My appointment was at 3pm &amp; it was the quickest appointment ever. The initial pinch of the cervix was the painful part which he did first to measure to make sure the paraguard wasn&#039;t too big for my uterus. That prepared me for the next pinch and by then I was calmly breathing in &amp; out (think yoga breathing) to relax. 2nd pinch was him inserting the IUD. I felt fine after! Would recommend!"
"I have rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia. Everything builds to climax with extensive swelling and pain that goes from skull to toe.  Nothing brings relief even though I am on a constant dosage of Predisone.  Only relief is from an injection of Depo Mederol from my Rheumatologist.  Relief occurs in 1/2 a day.  At that time life is worth living again and lasts for about 3 weeks.  I hate it all but this bit of relief is &quot;a temporary heaven on earth.&quot;  Pray for me and people like me!"
"My 11 year old daughter has sinusitis and the Biaxin has quickly helped her feel better, but she vomited once on the 3rd day and again on the 4th day, both in the morning.  Not sure if it&#039;s the Biaxin, the dripping from her sinuses, or the combination.  The doctor didn&#039;t seem too concerned unless it persists.  "
"My physician put me on Triumeq about 12 months ago.  I had been on other anti-viral medications that were not effective in controlling viral load, and CD 4 counts.  I began taking Triumeq and no side effects whatsoever, with the exception of mild fatique.  I also have type 2 diabetes &amp; cardio vascular disease.  I am 65 years old, and enjoy a healthy life style, thanks to this medication.  I strongly urge anyone to discuss this option with their health professional."
"So I&#039;ve been on Taytulla for over a month now. I love this birth control! But I must say that when I started out, I had EXTREME fatigue and weakness my body felt so little. But after that I was back to my normal self unlike some other forms such as Nexplanon where you bleed for a long time. I was going to go on Nexplanon but I just couldn&#039;t do it worrying about all the really bad reviews so I stuck with Taytulla and it is amazing! I just gotta keep reminding myself to take it everyday and not forget. Overall, would recommend this!"
"I have been on Pristiq for 2 weeks now and was prescribed this medicine for severe depression and anxiety. To be honest, I am not sure if I feel any positive benefits or not. I do know, Pristiq has done nothing for the anxiety which has pretty much ruled my life for months now. I am hoping eventually this medicine will help me deal with the anxiety. I do have a small dose of Xanax to be taken as needed but, I would really like to avoid taking it. As for side effects, I had the nausea initially, not so much now. I do notice I have to be near a bathroom at all times due to frequent urination. Weight loss has not been significant but, I lost a lot prior to taking this medicie and haven&#039;t gained so, that is a plus."
"Horrible side effects."
"Placed on this drug after my insurance changed and didn&#039;t cover Saxenda for weight loss anymore. Lost 17 lbs on saxenda in 2 months. So far less side effects than saxenda gave me, haven&#039;t vomited once. Nausea is there and I&#039;m tired, but still able to work 70 hour weeks. Still able to eat, just full with less intake which is exactly what I need. Lost 4 lbs this week. Taking alongside metformin 1000mg twice a day. Everyone is different, it just might be worth a shot for you."
"This is the best medicine for anxiety I have been on it for a year and my doctor recently increased my dosage to 1mg 3 times a day. It had absolutely been a life saver. I would recommend it to anyone who suffers from anxiety or panic attacks."
"I was on the depo shot for five years and had no issues. I didn&#039;t have a period, zero spotting never gained any weight from it and I liked not having to worry about taking a pill. My doctor and I decided to try something new so I tried the nuvaring I ended up getting pregnant about a month and a half later. I had my son six years ago. My boyfriend decided to get fixed after I found out I was pregnant. We just split up so I went in today and get my first shot. I feel a little more tired than usually and I&#039;m a little crampy but that&#039;s to be expected. I would recommend the shot. I don&#039;t want to have any more kids and this is a good one for me. I will not be trying anything else."
"UPDATE: Returned to Doctor for first appointment since starting Byetta. Lost 20 pounds and my A1C has dropped from 6.6 to 5.7. No nausea."
"This has worked great for me! 9/10! I only say 9 because of something that has recently come up. I&#039;m on my 4th pack of these pills and all of a sudden, since Thursday of week 2 (it&#039;s now Saturday), I&#039;ve been spotting on and off, which I thought would happen the first three months, but it&#039;s month 4 and just starting now. But otherwise, my actual periods are almost nonexistent, very light only lasting about 2 days, so this really works great for me!"
"I was diagnosed with Stage 4 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer 5 months ago - in February 2013 - and following tests was put on Iressa. I can only say that I feel fantastic with only minimal side effects: occasional mild rash on chest (1-2 days only) and a bit tired afternoons - I have a nap for an hour and then all is good."
"I take 4-75 mg pills 2x a day. So I am on the maximum dosage. It has does wonders for me. Through my Doctor&#039;s office I get a discount on medication so this is super cheap for me since I don&#039;t have insurance at this moment. I was on Cymbalta and it worked exactly the same but was WAY to pricey."
"I recently got married so my husband and I started discussing different birth control methods and decided on the pill. I have suffered from acne since I was 13 and when I found Ortho Tri-Cyclen, approved to treat acne, I thought it would be a good pill for me to try. My experience on Ortho so far has been positive. I have been on the pill for three months (my third pack) and have had no negative side effects. I have been happier, haven&#039;t gained any noticeable weight, no mood swings, way lighter/shorter periods, no pregnancy, and larger breast. I&#039;m a bit disappointed because my acne has only slightly improved but hasn&#039;t worsened. Maybe if I remain on the pill longer my acne will completely disappear. Overall I&#039;m happy and will remain on Ortho Tri Cyclen."
"Campral works very soon after taking it, and really cuts down on the withdrawql and cravings associated with quitting alcohol.  However, as a man, I noticed immediate sexual side effects including lack of interest and difficulty reaching orgasm.  I also noticed weight gain, when I normally experience weight loss when quitting drinking.  Its almost the perfect medicine besides the side effects."
"Suboxone worked a miracle for me. I suffer from hydrocephalus and have a shunt in my brain. For 8 years I had a neurologist tell me all he could do was treat me for pain. It didn&#039;t take long to realize they were addicting. I didn&#039;t know any more if I was treating pain or the addiction. After all I had an excuse. Then one day it hit me. I had been using the word excuse. I tried to stop cold turkey. But each time I&#039;d get severe depression anxiety, RLS, insomnia, headaches. I wasn&#039;t aware that my body was opiate dependant until I talked to a different Doctor. He took my blood pressure which was really low and informed me that it was dangerous to quit like that after so long and suggested I try suboxone. It works!"
"Viberzi stopped my constant diarrhea. I have suffered from this for 7 years, since colon cancer, chemo, radiation and surgery with resection. I have diarrhea at least 3-4 times a week and it lasts for hours. I am exhausted by it, forced to stay inside and suffer from dehydration often. Viberzi stopped all of this but I was unable to function in my daily routines. I became exhausted, tired, slept most of day. If I didn&#039;t
lay down I was extremely dizzy and nauseous. My health insurance refused to stock Viberzi as the cost was $1,000 per month and, of course prohibitive for me. Being on Medicare with drug coverage makes me ineligible for any discount coupons."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for about 3 months now and I love it! It was a little painful to have it put in but it is well worth it. The only side effect I had was cramping. My periods are already lighter and my cramps are much more manageable. I don&#039;t even have to take pain pills anymore."
"OMG - This stuff took about 1.5 hours to kick in.  The 1st - three movements were ok.  BUT, they have not stopped since and have become violent in nature.  We are 16 hours into this butt explosive nightmare.   I would highly NOT recommend this product to anyone.   Nor will I buy it again.   HORRIBLE - yes HORRIBLE"
"I just started today on November 30th, 2016, and I am soooo happy, I had more energy today, didn&#039;t eat as much as I usually do, and didn&#039;t crave any soda or sweet, I hope it keeps going like that"
"I have been using Jublia for 3 months now.  I apply it every evening, keep the nail clipped, filed, clean and dry.  No improvement.  Woke up this morning to find red, itchy and blistered skin and clear pinkish fluid oozing from under my nail! It looks very painful but I don&#039;t feel a thing, thank goodness! While I&#039;m waiting to hear back from my Dr. I&#039;ll fill you in the cost.  First, went to CVS to find out it was $628.00!  Received a Walgreens coupon form my Dr. which my insurance allowed for $125.00."
"I originally tried switching from 50 mcg of levothyroxine to 50 mcg of tirosint. Had horrible headaches and insomnia. I thought it was the med. Turns out this stuff is absorbed way better. I am now on my second trial of this medication only on 25 mcg and it is fabulous. I am slowly starting to feel normal again. And in only 2 weeks my labs are perfect. From what I have read starting the dose lower is best. I wish i would have done this my first try years ago cause I could have been feeling better a lot sooner. Levothyroxine and synthroid were AWFUL. Never felt good, was always depressed, irritable, teeth clenching, anxiety the list goes on. I will pay the price of tirosint to feel human! Praying things continue to get better."
"Chlorhexidine gluconate 0.12% oral rinse should also be dispensed in half pint bottles as a pint bottle is way too much for patients to use after many dental surgeries.

After having dental surgery above an implant of tooth #30 due to an infection &amp; deep pockets, I was instructed to apply 1/2 once twice a day for two weeks to the surgical site with dental sponges provided by my dentist.

Following the directions I used 14 ounces out of 32 ounces leaving 28 ounces that I cannot use. 

Dispensing more than a half pint was:
~ wasteful,
~ costs twice as what is needed,
~ &amp; using or disposing of what is left Is harmful to myself &amp; our environment

Dispensing  2x of what is needed is irresponsible &amp; adds to our countries ever rising  medical costs"
"I had acne for 5 years, saw many doctors and they all said nothing would help me and I would have acne for the rest of my life. I tried many creams, nothing worked. Then a dermatologist prescribed Duac and after about 3 weeks my skin was 100% clear. She told me to use a very thin layer at night and to use a heavy moisturiser in the morning to protect my skin. She also told me to stay out of the Sun at the time as your skin becomes thinner and more sensitive. 
Yes, in the beginning my skin was red and dry, but that goes away after a few days. Thats how you know it&#039;s working. It&#039;s definitely worth a few days of irritated skin knowing you&#039;ll have perfect skin after.
Duac saved my skin. I&#039;m forever grateful!!"
"This drug has been life changing.  Over the past 6 months, I have lost 35 lbs. I tried Saxenda after all else failed"
"37 yo, mother of four children; 18y, 12y, 2y, 10 mos. I&#039;ve been overweight then obese pretty much all my life. The older I get, the harder it is to try to lose weight it seems. My Dr. put me on Phentermine 37.5 last week. As of that appointment on 5/25 my starting weight was 260lb. As of 6/2, my current weight is 252lb. it&#039;s a huge challenge to try to eat as my appetite is GONE this first week. It&#039;s slowly coming back. the energy boost is great and much needed with 4 kids!"
"I have been on Bydureon for two years and have lost over 30+ pounds along with my sugars now under control. I also take Metformin as an oral as well. In reviewing some of the reviews I agree that in the beginning I had so called lumps but as time has gone by I don&#039;t seem to get them any longer. No burning and once in awhile a little bleeding but that can be cleaned away just like when you are getting blood taken. After all you are injecting into the skin. One of the things I do before taking my weekly scheduled injection is taking the kit out of the refrigerator the day before and getting it down to room temperature. Not sure if this has eliminated lumps or burning but there seems to be a difference. Bydureon has been good to me."
"I began using Differin after I had an experience with some mild acne. The first two weeks were horrible - my acne went from mild to severe in a matter of days. However, that &#039;s how the medicine works. It pushes the acne out and allows your skin to heal. So even though the first two weeks are hell, it does work. Once the initial breakout clears you&#039;re home free."
"This medicine is not to be taken lightly.  It helps very much. "
"This is my first birth control pill and I have been using it for 1 year and 3 months. Some info: 5&#039;4, 120 pounds, 22 years old. I started using Alesse 28 on recommendation from my doctor because I have had irregular periods since I was 12. After several tests I am confirmed to have Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) which basically gave me major cystic acne, mild increase in body hair, and irregular periods (occurring 2-4 times a year). 
This pill has worked great for me: no pain, no depression/anxiety, no weight gain, light nausea couple times a month, no cystic acne (only occasional small pimples but this is normal for me as I have very oily skin). I get a light period and light discharge sometimes seven days before I stop taking the pill."
"I have been on a lot of pills and this one has to be the worst. I never had acne before and as soon as I started this pill my face has been broken out. I have gained weight. I am depressed all month and have horrible PMS. But I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and my period seems to be the same."
"Have had spotting for 2 months. My lower back hurts often from cramping....My breasts are tender and feel hard and I am feeling a lot more emotional (I cry a lot now) I feel fatigued all of the time and I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s from this medication or stress.  I am hoping my unpleasant symptoms go away after a few more months of taking it.... the bright side... this medication made my very small breasts larger !"
"I have tried almost every medicine you can think of for bipolar 2 with horrible side effects.  Seroquel, Lamictal, Depakote, Lithium, Abilify, Trileptal, Topamax just about everything like I said and either had hives, rash or just could not tolerate them.  My new doctor gave me Saphris and within three days I felt better than I had in 15 months.  After three weeks at 10mgs a day once a day I almost feel like my old self again.  This is a miracle as far as I am concerned the only side effect that I have is feeling weak slightly winded when I walk or exercise. Don&#039;t know if anyone else feels this or not.  It does bother me because I can&#039;t keep up walking or in Pilates class like I used to."
"This is absolutely the WORST decision I&#039;ve ever made. I&#039;ve had Skyla for 3 weeks now and I&#039;ve had an impeccable amount of side effects. My mood swings are ridiculous and I&#039;ve cried almost every night for the past 2 weeks, and I hardly ever cry. I&#039;ve also had immense pain in my hips and back since I got it, and they do not go away even after taking norco (I had reconstructive ankle surgery 2 days post insertion) and that doesn&#039;t even touch the pain. I&#039;m emotionally and physically drained. My parents are annoyed with my constant pain. My boyfriend feels completely terrible for me. Not to mention insertion hurt like no other. I couldn&#039;t even sit down afterwards. I go to my OB Monday to get it removed. I&#039;m beyond done."
"I&#039;m 29 and suffered from small acne spots that broke out to big.. and I do mean big... pimples on my forehead. Tried everything off the counter to get rid of it. When I plucked up the courage to go to a doctor he prescribed 3 things to me: 
- Dalacin T (Day &amp; Night) 
- Epiduo (Night) 
- Physiogel AI Cream (Night)
He did stress that the Epiduo will burn for a couple of weeks before I got used to it and the Physiogel was to counter the effects a little. After 3 weeks it started clearing a bit and now after nearly a year, my skin is clear!
What I suggest before using this product is to ask a dermatologist for their point of view. There is a chance that this might not be the medication for you so they can prescribe you something else."
"I started getting this contact dermatitis issues, back in summer of last year. i had suffered these flakely, itchy red rashes on my eye lids, started getting utacharia, it has appeared on both sides of the forehead, the neck, back of the kness, back of the elbows and between my thighs. and I mistakingly went to a doc, and i was prescribed triamcilione cream, and i applied it once a day, because of how strong the cream was, i used my fingers as the tissue just absorbs it. it went away within a few days, but the dermatitis(result of hot showers, dust mites, cold dry air) had allowed it to come back in a matter of days. at the same time i was trying various otc antihistimines, in which diphenhydramine worked the best but made me so sleepy"
"Have been on this and Retin-A for three weeks and I&#039;m amazed at the results. No new pimples at all. Virtually poreless, clear skin and very smooth. It does burn a bit at first but following with CeraVe helps."
"I was on this for a year or two, I had been on birth control since I was 13 up-to age 22 to regulate my periods. Let&#039;s just say this is a NO GO for high triglycerides and also if you&#039;re smoking. I ended up in the hospital with Severe Acute Necrotizing Pancreatitus caused from very high triglyceroids which this pill attributed to and also a Pulmonary Embolism ( blood clot)."
"I have paragard inserted last week I feel light pain while inserting light cramps overall good . I started with birth control pills my periods stopped and I quit pills and decide to have paragard when I read the reviews I was scared but it&#039;s the best birth control method"
"After reading the reviews I was kind of worried how nexplanon would treat me. I&#039;m 22. It&#039;s been about 3 months since I&#039;ve had it inserted and the experience has been alright for me. i spot a lot, probably every other week so far after having it in for a month. The spotting is super light AND I haven&#039;t had a heavy period since I&#039;ve had it inserted. I have anxiety and have gone through depression as well but this birth control hasn&#039;t made it worse or caused me to go back into depression but I do pms often since I am spotting so often. The spotting has not affected my sex life.. It&#039;s literally something I can kind of ignore as long as i have a panty liner on. I recommend this if you aren&#039;t too affected by spotting or pmsing."
"Hard as a rock and could go all night. My wife has had enough now. I feel 20 again. Side effects are negligible and pale into insignificance to the benefits. 

"
"I started taking Aviane 4 months ago and it caused me to have bad adult acne, little bumps all over my face. My period last for 9 days instead of 12 but I haven&#039;t had success skipping it. I gained 7lbs of water weight and thigh fat that makes my thighs rub together like no other. My breast are larger and tender sometimes. My hair is thinner and sheds a lot more and is brittle. My vagina is dry all the time. I have pain in my knees and ankle a lot when I bare weight on them. It has helped with the heavy bleeding that I experience. I don&#039;t think I should stay on these. I&#039;m not sure if the low energy is from these or my fibroids."
"Prescribed for urinary incontinence, notably stress incontinence.  I started with 5mg  (eventually began10 mg.) of Vesicare and it worked overnight.  When I am running low on tablets and payday is off in the future, I have good success with taking 10mg. every other night.  Side effects: 1. Very dry mouth, but good excuse to drink more water; keep TicTacs handy; over time it has greatly diminished.  2.  Drowsiness:  I started taking it at night.  3) Constipation:  drank more water and took a daily stool softener until my body readjusted."
"Minor side effects, worked great."
"MiraLAX is working well but it takes to long to work."
"I took Zoloft as a teenager for depression and experienced paranoia and heard voices. As an adult, I tried Zoloft again for anxiety and depression as my doctor thought I had outgrown the previous side-effects. This time I felt an increase in anxiety, nervousness, and paranoia (which I did not experience on any other medicines). It did help lift the depression but it was not a calming medication and I would not recommend it for anxiety."
"I just began the second week of the patch and so far, I love it! I put the patch on my bum and I alternate which sides every week. It stays on through showers, school, sex...etc. I haven&#039;t really had any side effects except a little bit of a headache every now and then, but I don&#039;t know if that even has anything to do with the patch because I have a problem staying hydrated. It&#039;s not the most attractive looking thing, but my boyfriend likes to see it because it lowers his stress and thus makes sex more enjoyable. Once this month is over I&#039;ll make another review to see if anything has changed!"
"I have been ON EVERYTHING even when it was in test study, Prozac, etc.
After being  on the test study for Pristiq I begged to be put on it on a regular basis.  I sleep 7-8  hours per night uninterrupted, I am high performance on my job, I have a renewed life even including exercise.  However this medicine is a 4 tier on my Blue Cross supplemental and it is very expensive for a 90 day supply."
"I had been on Ritilan for 10 years and found I kept increasingly the dose every year or so. I went on this medication and got so sick. I was very angry and had urges to hurt people I cared about. It felt so weird my hair felt like it was growing tingly feeling. Vision impairment etc, I stopped taking this when I had such strong urges to strangle someone. Very scary. This medication is not for me."
"Do not use Stelara. I wish I hadn&#039;t. I have had nothing but stomach/immune system issues since taking Stelara about 1 year ago. It did reduce the psoriasis but at a cost that no one should pay. I have several scans and an endoscopy only to have the gastro intestinal specialist tell me that my issues appear to be related to the Stelara and that my immune system has potentially been compromised indefinitely.
STAY AWAY from all biological drugs, they are not safe in my opinion."
"I started taking this pill around 7 months ago to treat my extreme mood swings. The first month included some nausea, but everything else seemed fine. As the months have gone on, I&#039;ve experience heavier spotting in between my scheduled periods and lighter periods because of that. This last month I didn&#039;t even have my period. I am currently on day 10 of my weird spotting when I should be having my period (on day 1 of placebo pill). I also am experiencing some bloating and nausea. It has really helped with the mood swings, but this nasty spotting all the time isn&#039;t any good."
"I have been on Belviq for a month now. The first ten days I gained 3 lbs and was panicked. My doctor told me to stick with it, and I am now down 8 lbs.  But, more importantly, my blood pressure when I checked in with the doctor this week was 119/76, where it had always been in the neighborhood of 140/90.  I find that I forget to eat, and I am sleeping better."
"Cleared infection right away but had to stop medicine early because of all of the side effects I had from this. 4 days later,still having some of the effects. Not sure how long the effects will last,but I never want to feel this bad again"
"Took a 20 mg dose.  Not only did I not sleep a wink but it gave me a massive headache.
I won&#039;t be trying it again.  Save your money."
"I&#039;m doing just fine, but then again I have a high tolerance for most things.  Also, would much rather have a little burning than blindness."
"I have had insomnia for years. But lately it has just gotten to the point I wasn&#039;t getting any quality sleep. I was taking 1mg Klonipin at night, which does relax me but did not make me sleep. I saw an ad on tv about this medication. I asked my dr about it and he said let&#039;s try it. I have been in it for 2 weeks and I am getting the best sleep of my life . I take it about 15 minutes before I get in bed. Once I am in bed, in asleep in a few minutes . No waking up, no tossing and turning. I sleep like I have never before . It last between 7-8 hours. I woke up look at the clock in amazement that I have actually slept 7 hours. It is the best sleep aide I have ever tried. Ambien snd Lunesta did not work at all. No bad side effects."
"I was put on Tambocor combined with Toprol XL over 2 years ago and have not had a recurrence of Atrial Fibrillation.  This was after trying other medications for over 3 years."
"I felt nauseated and irritable immediately after my first 10mg dose. I was angry and hostile. After the 4th day I became suicidal and attempted to take my own life. Very scary experience with this medicine."
"I first started taking Toradol when I was in the E.R. for severe back pain back in 1992. In recent years my pain has gotten worse so I was put on it again. I do not take more than about one a month due to its side effects, none of which I have experienced. The doctor only gives me ten to last me at least ten months. All I know is without it I couldn&#039;t handle the pain. After about an hour it starts to work and I feel a lot better. I only take it when the pain is at its worse and I have trouble standing or walking. Just wish I could take it everyday."
"I took 1 30mg capsule of Cymbalta yesterday. That will be the only dose of this medicine I will take. I had to leave work yesterday because of how sick to my stomach it made me. I felt jittery and lightheaded all day. I didn&#039;t take it this morning. I haven&#039;t felt jittery , but I have been extremely lightheaded and have had a headache all day. All that from one dose. I have been on many anti-depressants over the years. The only other one that made my head feel like this was Prozac and I didn&#039;t stay on it long. Having a job, I can&#039;t afford to be sick from side effects. I will be calling the Dr. tomorrow and telling her I want to try something else. Also, I have head a lot of reviews about this drug and most that I have read are not very good."
"I can&rsquo;t overstress the importance of lemons during the prep. Get a bag of lemons and cut them in quarters. Suck on the lemon quarter, drink the solution through a straw, suck on the lemon, drink the solution, etc. You will not even taste or smell it. Also, schedule your exam in the afternoon. You will be able to drink 1/2 of the solution the night before and 1/2 in the morning. Very tolerable way to get through this!"
"I have been on Plavix 75mg one a day since September 2008. I have not experienced any problems that I can identify."
"My doctor gave me phenergan when for nausea when I was pregnant with my son. It was AMAZING. The only thing that helped later on in the pregnancy."
"The most disgusting taste in my mouth, even made my toothbrush smell weird. nasty chemical smell /taste, headache, blurry eyes, lack of concentration, nausea, stomach bloating and churning, vomited when brushing teeth. Horrible antibiotic, calling gp tomorrow to arrange for alternative antibiotic, cannot stand the taste or side effects."
"Same as other reviews, experiencing the worst itching of my life down there. I wish I had read these reviews before buying. Calling the doctor tomorrow and stopping the 3-day treatment immediately."
"I had the Mirena inserted 10/30/16. The doctor had trouble getting it in &amp; it was an incredibly painful experience because I have never given birth and my uterus is retroverted (tilted back.)

A couple days after I had it inserted, I started my period. I am currently on day #17, and I&#039;ve had cramps for every day of it. Some days it seems to slow down and I think it&#039;s about to stop, but then it becomes heavy again.

I bought a heating pad a couple days ago and it really helps to relieve some of the pain. However, it has also made my flow much heavier. (Maybe this will speed up the process?) I&#039;m willing to wait until I&#039;ve had it for six months. Hopefully the end will justify the means and I&#039;ll have five years of worry-free birth control."
"I took 60 mg of accutane for almost 6 months and I had moderate to severe acne.  Did help my acne tremendously and though once in a while I still get a little pimple here and there, it is not to the severity of before taking the medication.  However the side effect was brutal: very dry skin, nosebleed , and a lot of hair shedding.  I say the hair shedding was the worst side effect of the medication because I was shedding hair during the medication and even after I stop taking accutane, I developed telogen effluvium which cause more shedding for three more months.  Eventually the shedding stop and everything went back to normal.  Yes this medication is effective for treating acne but be cautious of side effect."
"My outbreaks are something that could be seen on the Discovery health channel as an extreme case. My lip swells to a grotesque size if not treated and I would literally shut myself in for 4-5 days and have one trusted friend (who would see my monstrosity) bring me groceries and take my kid to school and bring her back...I would cry whenever I saw myself in the mirror. This would happen about once a year.
Then I took Valtrex....Once you feel a tingling, take two right away...then another two 6-8 hours later..then keep the pattern going for a few days after it&#039;s gone to ensure it won&#039;t come right back..use Abreva at the onset as well...and relax, sleep, and eat healthy...no smoking. If you do this, it&#039;ll be gone within 3-4 days."
"I have beeen on medicine for Familial Heterozygous High cholesterol for 15 years, Rosuvastatin half the max dose 20mg cut total cholesterol from 9.9 uk measuring system to 5.2, with no noticeable side effects.  Ezetimibe reduced this by 0.6 to 4.6 monitored quarterly, side effects first diarrhoea got worse and next resembled irritable bowel symptoms and then became like having severe gastroenteritis once a fortnight with in the last 3 days worsening nausea and delayed stomach emptying for up to 24 hours followed by 2 days of extremely frequent and exhausting vomiting and diarrhoea until only clear fluid was expelled followed by 3 days recovery starting a new cycle. I endured this for 18 months with various -ve tests. Stopping ezetimibe cured these side effects completely."
"It worked, but it caused me to pass out. 

I took this as instructed - 1 dose at 4pm and another at 8pm. My doctor&#039;s instructions were to drink 2 16 oz glasses of water/beverage or more after the 4pm dose, and that liquids could continue to be consumed after the second dose until Midnight. I drank some herbal tea.

Things went fine after the first dose, and it seemed gentle enough. I went to the restroom several times and things seemed to be moving along. I took the second dose and by 10pm thought I was done. I woke up at 12:30am with stomach cramps and a pounding headache. I had watery diarrhea and became very dizzy. I stood up and passed out, hitting my head."
"This is the only medication that worked after trying others for several months."
"Can&#039;t see what the problem is, it says on the packet what it is going to do and taste like. It tastes horrible, hot, cold or warm, it cleans the bowel. What more do you want? Except a positive result after the colonoscopy. Go with the flow and get on with it."
"I took this for depression and chronic back pain. This was an extreme appetite suppressant for me.  It worked somewhat for depression, but nothing fabulous.  It mostly made me very, very sleepy and physically exhausted."
"My daughters have been on this for three days for an ear infection. It is not working, they are still running 103 and 104 fevers.  Called doctor they are calling in something different."
"Works best for pain."
"Works very well in the begining. After a couple of months induces tolerance. Anyway, it changed my professional and personal lifestyles. Now I pity of the person I was. I never experienced a linear and practical thought until I used this."
"For all you girls out there who are worried please don&#039;t stress! I was in the same situation a few days ago, panicking and over thinking everything. The condom I was using broke so 9 hours later I got the morning after pill. I had all sorts of symptoms from it and it effects everyone differently so don&#039;t worry if your feeling strange, that&#039;s normal. Two weeks later I got my period, it&#039;s different this time as it&#039;s came a week early, your period can be late or early it&#039;s a common thing to happen so don&#039;t worry if this does happen! The morning after pill 100% works, don&#039;t worry."
"I was prescribed Voltaren Gel (didn&#039;t know it came in pill form as well) for a fractured arm that had been misdiagnosed and left untreated for 3 weeks , it helped with that pain so  I tried it on my knees  it reduced the swelling. They look like knees again I can bend them and I don&#039;t notice have the constant pain. I have 3 degenerated disc in my lower back it doesn&#039;t seem to help with that"
"I experienced mood swings and anxiety due to this prescription ... would not recommend."
"only antidepressant that works for me"
"I have a ruptured disc in the c5-c6 section of my spine. The symptoms of this injury are sometimes debilitating. I found taking norco 5-325 for break-thru pain to be very helpful. I use this medication for mainly bedtime."
"I was prescribed Blisovi 24 Fe after my insurance decided not to cover Minastrin 24 Fe. I have taken Blisovi for about 8 days now and I have had TERRIBLE side effects. My breasts and nipples are in extreme pain all day, bad headaches, and today I fainted. Earlier today I was speaking to a peer and all of a sudden broke out into an entire body sweat, got extremely light headed, and extremely nauseous. My blood pressure was taken immediately after my fainting spell and it read 85/60. I&#039;m typically anywhere from 110-115/75-80. I will no longer be taking this medication due to the side effects. I told myself I would try it for a month but after the fainting spell today I will no longer be taking Blisovi 24 Fe."
"This medication just about killed me! Numerous side effects, head foggy, vision blurry, loud audio, tongue and throat swollen, rapid heartbeat with tightening chest! Then tingling in the feet and I blacked out! Happened numerous times all in this cycle. Ambulance ride to the E.R. then ICU! Stay away from this!"
"I found that this medicine was good at keeping my body awake, but I still felt like my mind was falling asleep.  After about 4 or 5 days on it I developed the worst migraine of my life...when I get migraines they usually resolve with just half of a Vicodin.  After taking two full Vicodin&#039;s I still had the most raging migraine ever. It lasted for 3 days. Once it resolved I went back on the Provigil two days later another raging migraine.  That was it for me. "
"Ok so the burning was crazy I just got over a uti and they gave me antibiotics which lead to a yi (yay:/) so it burned worse the the uti. And I read on here coconut oil stops the burn and it does help fight the infection. It works so well. Burning is over. (I used the 3 day by the was)"
"Zyprexa was effective at sedating me which prevented the psychotic aspects of my manic episodes from happening very quickly. Since I only had 2 manic episodes in the span of a year, I probably should&#039;ve stopped taking Zyprexa around 6 months later. Unfortunately I took it for 5 more years which was a MASSIVE mistake. It caused me to be very drowsy and lethargic. Because I started taking it at age 19, I didn&#039;t realize the Zyprexa was the culprit until I stopped taking it. I thought I was just a sleepy person. It had a profoundly negative impact on my life because I took it way longer than I should have."
"When I started on Vyvance at the lower dosage, the binges stopped for a few days, but then started again. When I was increased to 70mg, the binges stopped for a week, and then came back. After being at 70 mg for two months, it does nothing to stop the binges. It does, however, increase my alertness and improve my social interactions, and for that reason I rate it a few stars."
"Been taking 320/12.5  one week. BP is still all over the scale. The only thing I have noticed is I have really strange dreams."
"Doctor prescribed me this and I wish I never took it. Have to finish the pack so my period will get back on track. But honestly this sucks. Made me go from mild acne to severe cystic acne on forehead and chin with reoccurring whiteheads on my nose and t zone. Hate it."
"I started taking Latuda on the 20 mg. starter dose and am now up to 40 mg. at night.  I also take 1200 mg. per day of Lithium.  I started taking Latuda because the Lithium was not quite controlling the hypomanic break-through events.  The Latuda is amazing.  I started noticing the change about 3 days into it.  The main thing is that I feel calm, the best I have felt in about 20 years.  It does not make me that sleepy, although I used to have trouble falling asleep, and now it is no problem.  It does make me hungry, which I have to fight all day.  I will take hungry over feeling like crap any day."
"worked well also included Vira - Pak. Moderiba this drug keeps you unable to sleep (very speedy)  My doctor lowered my dose this helped greatly. Manufacturers program, qualified was givin the drugs for free. Thank God of Israel !"
"This is THE best birth control. Ever since I got it I haven&#039;t had one scare nor have I needed to be worried. At first it did really screw with my periods and acne and emotions and I almost had it removed but my doctor said I should keep it for at least a year so my body would have enough time to adjust. Well, it&#039;s been about a year and I am so happy. I no longer bleed when I have my periods. I do still have the emotions and extra breakouts but other than that nothing! The only thing that hasn&#039;t gone away is my acne, it&#039;s actually gotten a little bit worse. I love it anyways and would suggest it to everyone and anyone."
"I&#039;ve been on latuda for almost a year now. At first it was great it really made my moods stable. But now I have awful restless legs at night. It also has increased my appetite I&#039;m hungry all the time I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds on it even though it&#039;s supposed to be weight neutral. I&#039;m constantly tired have no motivation. It made my acne much worse. I&#039;m going to try something else."
"Female 5&#039;9 beginning weight 221. Lost some weight on my own. Began Qsymia. Lost 50  lbs in 6 months with a great low carb diet and exercise. 
Maintaining after 1 year but finding I am hungry all the time now. I still take the drug daily.  
Side effects: my hands would get numb in the beginning ."
"my family recently experienced a near fatal drug reaction from minocycline. Minocycline induced DRESS I am also an RN I cannot believe this drug is given to children for acne The Drug caused a massive immune response which resulted in a close family members systemic organ failure although the reaction is extremely rare the consequence can be fatal and has been for other children Do you really want to play Russian roulette with your child&#039;s life."
"I have been taking fluoxetine for 3 months and it&#039;s the best thing I have done. It has helped me get through a bad time. I have had some bad days but I do have more good ones and I have just gone back too work, which I don&#039;t think I would have if I didn&#039;t take them."
"Had flaking scalp for so long, noting helped, had to see dermatologist, she prescribed Olux, can&#039;t believe it, but problem was gone after 3 applications! I wish I ask for help earlier!"
"I have been on Portia off and on for the past few years. My pharmacy kept telling me that Levora was the same which seemed pretty true. I have NO PERIOD. I thought something was wrong with me but nope, I got all checked out by a OB and the pill just causes me to not bleed which is fine by me, I do however get sore breast every month when it should be my period and I have slight mood swings. Overall I think it&#039;s a good pill."
"I took this medication for 9 years and I believe it had an accumulative effect on me.
I weened myself off and am still having problems sleeping and am now more irritable than ever.  I was also on Dilantin and phenobarbital.  I wish I had found this site when researching this medication.  Initially it did help me and I had good results but I had to break the dosage in half."
"Was diagnosed with Hepc in 2015 and started harvoni a few months later... shortly after starting I experienced hair loss, severe depression... skin issues, severe dehydration even though I was drinking tons of water also memory issues.  When I reported this I was told these were not reported side effects but if they were would clear up after treatment was over. Well it has been a year and I still have terribly dry skin and feel terrible, muscles aches, tiredness and I was doing half marathons and felt great before. My skin has aged terribly, memory issues, still feel dried out all the time all of which I never had before treatment. Although I am cleared of the virus I wish I had never taken harvoni . I feel it has ruined my life."
"DO NOT TAKE SUPREP. It is awful. I could hardly get it down and keep it down. After every gulp or sip I gagged and I actually vomited twice. However it did clean me out. I ended up not even taking one whole bottle of it and I was clear/yellow just like the doc wanted. I feel that this medication is worse tasting and not as effective as the 98 cent stuff you can get from any grocery store. I am still feeling the aftermath of the prep 5 days later. My stomach is still cramping and I still feel like vomiting and I&#039;m having frequent bowel movements. If your doc says they won&#039;t do your test unless you take Suprep like mine did, then find another doctor."
"My first mirena was awesome. After my child was born I bled for months non-stop and cramps were unbearable. Once inserted within 2 weeks the bleeding and cramping ceased to exist!! Getting the mirena only caused mild cramping for a couple hours when it was inserted. I am now going in for my second mirena. I had my 4th child 7months ago and just started getting really bad cramps. It doesn&#039;t work for everybody but I know it works perfect for me. The first time I had it in for 3 1/2 years and only removed it because I wanted another child. I love it!"
"Was infected back in October 2015. Started TRIUMEQ 25 days ago. First 5 days were unbearable hated every minute of it until I changed my time taking the pill to nighttime. So far 20 days later no side effects anymore used to get headaches, joint pain, muscle pain. Diagnosed with VL of 10,000 and CD4 of 562. Will update once I get my monthly result next week. Trillium Drug Benefit covers most of out of pocket and my families insurance covers the rest. I only pay around 450$ a year."
"I got oral herpes on my face when I was in the orange in russia. I&#039;ve had it seen I was younger. I&#039;m 22 now and deal with this. I hate it. But the medication is very effective  for me. I&#039;m currently between doctors and ran our of my pills :(.. and I have a flare up. To much stress lately. I don&#039;t know how it feels to have genital herpes but I can tell you having it on my cheeks burns like crazy. Ugh..this cream isn&#039;t doing anything either."
"19 years old. I experienced acne since 12 on chest, face, neck, and extending to my entire back. Beginning my third month of Claravis and I have ENTIRELY been cured of my acne. I no longer have any pimples and I don&#039;t wear makeup anymore. It&#039;s incredible. 

Side effects: chapped lips. First month: Fatigue"
"A doctor prescribed this for an inner ear infection caused by another medication.  I used it twice and the pain in my ear has increased tremendously, there is swelling and itching, my tongue is swelling and everything tastes funny.  I have also had 3 episodes of dizziness, and my entire head and face itch.  I&#039;m a veteran, was not able to get this  through the VA because of a weekend emergency, and don&#039;t have any other insurance except Medicare, the cost was $222.90, and another $81.00 for another oral medicine that I could only take one time and had to throw it up.  Hopefully my ears will eventually heal themselves without any more help from the doctor because I can&#039;t afford being a guinea pig."
"I have Crohns&#039; Disease along with GERD and Prilosec works very well for me. I live by the stuff, it&#039;s the only thing that has ever worked."
"i used this as a treatment for my acne and pms symptoms. i dont believe it! this medicine is a miracle! my acne is completely gone! ( ive suffered from acne since i was in 4th grade, doctor medicated cream didnt work on my skin! 14 years ive suffered from acne) and noq my acne completely gone, and not only my acne completely gone, my pores also become invincible. say good bye to my nasty oily skin! now i only wash my face with warm water! (no soap no toner or chemicals thing whatsoever) with yasmin my pms sympton and cramps are also gone! this is the best medicine that work! it balance your hormon and reduce oily skin!"
"I&#039;m 36 yrs old. I&#039;ve battled with constipation for as long as I can remember. It got so bad I was taking a pill laxative once weekly routinely, which as you know was painful. I got Linzess 290 samples from my Dr. Took at 4pm. In less than 2 hrs, I felt my stomach rumble as if I may have diarrhea. Thank goodness near a bathroom. Anyway cleared me out, no pain. I take it when I want to go. It works, just be near a bathroom. I swear I can&#039;t live without it now. Being constipated far worse than diarrhea any day in my opinion!"
"Diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis at age 32, apparently the sweet spot for diagnosis. Started taking Avonex about 10 years ago and welcomed the Pen, haven&#039;t had any MS symptoms for over 3 years. Still get &#039;flu like symptoms&#039;. I take extra strength Ibuprofen before injection and it helps to make life easier to handle."
"Take action worked for me!"
"Twenty years ago (in my mid thirties) I began to suffer from excruciating headaches.  My doctor put me on progesterone cream, and there was some improvement.  He thought that PMS was a contributing factor.  I had a cardiac arrest  when I was 38.  Nothing was found to be wrong with my heart, but I was going through an emotional crisis at the time.  The cardiologist put me on atenolol (25 mg/day; I now take 50 mg/day).  I was put on the atenolol to keep my blood pressure down and keep my heart from beating too fast in emotional situations.  The upside to all this is that I have not had but a couple of migraines in 20 years, and none since the dose was increased to 50 mg."
"I got prescribed Doryx, along with two topicals, Aczone in the morning and Ziana at night, when I was having moderate acne. I never have had extremely bad acne but I started to get multiple extremely painful pimples so I decided to get some treatment. The Doryx along with the two topicals work great, still get a few pimples here and there but much better than before. HOWEVER, with the coverage on my insurance this pill costs me $75 for a bottle of 30, 200mg tablets. It was $25 when I first started taking it about a year and a half ago and has just gone up in price ever since. Works great but is extremely expensive in my opinion."
"I started Contrave 3/18/15...it is now 6/27/15....I went from 226 to 175lbs. This medication is amazing. I do not experience anything unusual, I have increased my exercise 200% and no longer eat at night. The program that goes with it Scaledown helps me monitor my weight so that I can see what foods causes weight gain as well as weight loss. Definitely would recommend this medication!!!"
"I use the vaginal cream.  I started it a couple of years ago for vaginal dryness during the menopause transition.  I was not properly advised about the dosage - which I had stepped down to 2mg twice a week, and started to menstruate again.  Many tests later, it was determined I was using too high a dose.  I stopped for 4 months or so, but have recently restarted, at a lower dose.  The dryness has improved, but my hot flashes are back.  They had subsided when I wasn&#039;t using it."
"I have been on Microgestin FE 1.5/30 for 15 months. My doctor prescribed it when I was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome. My cycle would not stop for more than two days, then it would start again. As soon as I started the Microgestin, my cycle regulated the first week. After taking it for about a year my periods are extremely light and very short. The side effects I have experienced are acne, oily skin, and terrible mood swings the week before my period begins. I get very angry and irritable for about two days the week prior to my period. In spite of these side effects this pill has been great for me. I have lost 40 lbs with diet and exercise that I was unable to lose before taking this pill. I highly recommend giving it a try."
"This has been a great medication for me. It brought me out of a 4-year-long depression, and I have been on it over a decade with minimal side effects."
"Technically this helped my anemia - got me from ferritin levels of about 5 to 15 in three months. Apparently it should have been much more though, so not sure what I did wrong. 
Anyway, it did help most of my bad anemia symptoms - heart palpitations, restless leg, tiredness when just walking to the shops. Downside is that it tends to mess up my digestion - unlike other people here who said it constipates them, it gives me a diarrhoea, especially when I drink it with juice."
"This medication did not work for me at all. It could possibly be because I don&#039;t metabolize SSRI&#039;s very well but I could not feel any sort of change when on this. It helped a little with my minor OCD which I why I stayed on it for so long but after awhile it just triggered what my doctor said was an underlying mood disorder because I started flip flopping between being content or even emotionless, and being severely depressed. This medication did not help me but I&#039;m not going to say it wouldn&#039;t work for other people. I just couldn&#039;t take the side effects."
"I have taken monthly injections for the past 6 months.  I had a very difficult time for the first 6 weeks of treatment, but since then have not had many side effects.  I had severe stomach cramping initially, along with migraines and mood swings.  As those side effects subsided, the hot flashes began.  With the hot flashes came nausea and unpredictable crying fits.  My doctor put me on a low dose of Estradiol and Prozac.  Within a few days, I was pretty much back to my old self, minus the horrible belly pains.  I have to say overall the good outweighs the bad."
"Initial insertion was painful but after a few days it got better with the cramping. However after that I had cramping everyday and had to take ibuprofen and the last couple of weeks I had very painful cramps. Went today for my follow up appointment (a month after insertion) to check placement. The sonographer found that I had a ruptured cyst on one of my ovaries she explained that could have been the reason for the recent painful cramps. Looking up adverse reactions on the Bayer&#039;s website says that cysts are an adverse reaction. So beware that can happen when you get Kyleena. My doctor said that the IUD doesn&#039;t cause cysts but right on their website it&#039;s listed as an adverse reaction. I don&#039;t know what to make of the IUD  if seems like a lot risks."
"KYBELLA warning it&#039;s not worth it . I had KYBELLA injections in January of 2016 and from that day forward I have been so sick, several Dr. Involved I&#039;ve been to hostipal several times only nobody knew what KYBELLA was.  I&#039;m having short time memory loss , headache , for the last 4 months. More test next week CT SCANS, MRI, X-RAYS DR AFTER DR. RIGHT EYE BLURRY and getting worse by the day. Intentional infection. I&#039;ve actually contacted an attorney so when I loose my memory or die to fight for my children."
"If this medicine works it&#039;s great, however a good amount of the time the patch was as full when it was time to change it as it was when I put it on. Then the side effects they list don&#039;t even come close to everything you go through. However ER Staff have stated that most patients taking this drug usually go back on it as the withdrawals are hard to handle."
"I started taking this for acne in high school. The first 2 months, my acne got worse, then after that it totally cleared up. I was so much more confident. I now take it as birth control. Over the past 4 months, I have noticed that I have been was more moody. I will cry over anything and get mad over the smallest things. I&#039;m also always really tired. I did go to my doctor and she asked if I was okay on trinessa because lots of women have really bad mood swings while on it. I was okay then but it definitely has gotten way worse and I&#039;m thinking about switching."
"Wish I would&#039;ve listened to the reviews I read. 
This this is sent from hell, created by Satan himself. I&#039;ve had it in for 3 weeks and already seeing horrible side effects most women didn&#039;t see until they had it in for months. I&#039;m always tired. Always hungry. It hurts my whole arm that it&#039;s in. It&#039;s caused achy joints in my knees. Constipation leaving me with awful bloating and gassy pain in my stomach. It still feels bruised. My sex drive is completely gone and I can&#039;t even have an orgasm anymore. I have no interest in my boyfriend and this all started a week after this thing was in. 
I&#039;m calling to get it removed today. I can&#039;t stand it anymore and it&#039;s not going to ruin my life. Try it if you dare, but I would not recommend it."
"I started with the trial way back in 05/06 and what a difference it made in my life. I lived with that muscle pain for 45 years and tried numerous medications with no lasting relief. When I seen the ad for the trial with  a Dr  I had nothing to lose but 9 different kinds of drugs and their side affects. Although I was at the top of the dosage after 18 months I was pain free for the first time in over ten years with no side affects. Even though we have added low dosage pain medications back in over the years, mainly during the winter, I&#039;m still at a tolerable level with Lyrica. I have recommended this medication to people with explainable nerve pain many times."
"I have been taken Ritalin for about 3 months and it gives me a boost from being sleepy for about a hour. After that I become very tired and sleepy. Maybe I should up my dosage."
"It works for me. Years of PMT now I feel normal."
"Tried many other medications (Paxil,Zoloft,etc) for anixety and OCD and this was a life saver"
"This medication gave me my life back. I could actually get out of my room and do life like a normal person but with a lot more energy than most people. This is definitely not for people with anxiety which is why I take it with buspar but my focus was extremely sharp, and I was able to just nail through daily tasks like a pro and feel really good about it!"
"Best birth control on the market. Please do not get discouraged by all these ridiculous stories. Not only have I suffered from severe anxiety, depression, panic disorder AND ptsd, but these were all BEFORE I started taking Depo-Vera. The shot did not make it any worse, it did not give me mood swings. Yes, you spot... But it&#039;s like the first day of your period. Oh my goodness... You get a little blood on your panties. LOL it&#039;s life. I&#039;m a hemophiliac and this changed my life for the better. I no longer have periods even after going off the shot for a few months and I&#039;m back on it now ( I&#039;ve been on the shot for 5 years now) keep in mind this is an intramuscular shot so yes you will have pain the day after and even maybe the next."
"My restless legs syndrome was actually whole body sort of vibrating, and came on very suddenly. 100 mg gabapentin, and I could sleep again! But every month had to add 100mg, got to 1000mg, then tried reducing 100 / month, realized after 2 months that I really needed the 900, not sure if that was withdrawal, but felt like I simply needed that much - so had a really good month. Then suddenly symptoms flared up, and even 1300 only just works. "
"I started belviq Monday May 2nd. I have yet to feel an results. If anything I feel like eating everything I see.. I&#039;m wanting to eat more than I did before starting it. I have read some reviews showing that the medicine took a few weeks to start working. I hope this is my case. I do feel very sleeping after I take it. It is harder for me to get up in the mornings. I feel like I am in such a deep sleep since I have started. I haven&#039;t had any headaches but have noticed dry mouth."
"I was on this pill for 4 months. The pros: periods were light and predictable. The cons: nausea and hair loss/thinning. After the results of the hair situation I got off of this pill."
"Had severe urinary tract infection. It was very painful to urinate. After taking only one pill, pain subsided in ten minutes.  I suffer from urinary tract infections frequently and have taken many medicines. This medicine is a miracle for me."
"I have been on clonidine since probably 1985. Was in Navy, went to see doctor before transfer, B/P was 210/118. I was 24. Girl who took my B/P said &quot;you should be dead&quot;. No problems before that at all. My doctor says I have &quot;world class&quot; blood pressure. In between, have seen lots of specialists, changed my drugs and dosages, etc. Clonidine is the only thing that seems to work for me. Taking Amlopidine and Lisinopril once a day and clonidine .3mg four times a day. Yes, I know it&#039;s a lot but you learn to live with it. I&#039;ve learned to cut the pills in half and take them twice as often. Levels out the side effects and smooths out blood pressure spikes.Do yourself a favor, if you are on this medication, carry some with you. Don&#039;t be caught without"
"Really relieved stiffness and took edge off the pain."
"Lamictal worked like a charm on my mood. I so pleasantly surprised and relieved! I&#039;ve tried something like 10 medications in an 11-year period and it&#039;s been the only thing that&#039;s worked. However, it gave me really bad back acne (like, whoa) and made me very physically ill- super swollen lymph nodes in my neck, fever, vomiting &amp; fatigue, etc. I had to stop taking it, but I&#039;d say it&#039;s definitely worth a try. In general I&#039;m very susceptible to side effects. I have hypomania, depression, anxiety, ADHD, my mood is super unstable, and Lamictal was prescribed to me because my doctor wanted to stabilize my mood before putting me on a stimulant since stimulants by themselves make me way too hyper."
"Ladies, please be advised some of the ingredients in Monistat 1 may be what you are allergic to. So sorry to hear of all the bad experiences. This is my third time using Monistst 1 and each time it has cleared up my yeast infection. This time, I just got done taking 10 days of antibiotics and I was popping pro biotic 8 to counter the antibiotics killing both my good and bad bacteria. Probiotics are excellent to keep from getting a yeast infection while taking antibiotics. However, yesterday I had a Colposcopy and Biopsy after I had an abnormal pap. Next day, yeast infection. :( Popped this Monistat1 in and it&#039;s practically and instant relief."
"Well, with what I have noticed with the Nuvaring is that I&#039;m having HORRIBLE mood swings. I&#039;ve been on birth control for years and I&#039;ve had to switch at least 4 times now. I&#039;m going to give this a try for the next month, but my relationship with my boyfriend of 3 years now is on the rocks because of my depression spells. I am tired and have no interest in anything it seems. I have taken this type before but it has been years and I don&#039;t remember my symptoms, I do enjoy not having to remember to take a small pill everyday, but I feel better when I&#039;m not on any type of birth control. So like others said - this could be just my reaction and what it does to me- who knows."
"The medication was quite effective in doing what it was supposed to do, but it was really hard to get down.  I tried several of the suggestions here and while they probably helped a little, it was still very, very difficult for me to drink this prep.  The first bottle was awful and the second bottle was even worse.  I did have some butterscotch hard candy that I sucked on in between gulps, which helped a little, but if I have to do it again I think I would try cinnamon candies because they have a much stronger taste.  Since I don&#039;t have to do this again for another 5 years, I am just hoping they come up with a better option by then.  Good luck to anyone else that needs to do this."
"Amazing made me sleep the whole night while I had insomnia. I give it a 2 thumbs up"
"My husband is on alandrnate (fosomax) expensive. Severe low back pain, bloating and gas, and ankle pain did not connect the dots. Pain goes on since last April now I have asked him to stop since today have to wait and see. I myself have severe jaw pain took fosomax in those days heart burn continues though I stopped long time ago. I take condratin sodium. My bone reading is from osteoporosis. to osteopenia now."
"About a week ago, I started feeling really nauseous. I hadn&#039;t felt like that since I was constipated a few years back and after a couple days went by and no poop, I knew that I&#039;d go through hell once more like before. I decided to get Miralax which within days I thought would work for me but nothing happened. Couple days after I knew something was wrong. Long story short I went to the ER and the doctor told me to get MC. Was only a couple of bucks pretty cheap. They told me not to drink the whole bottle so I took half. Within an hour it came but I felt like not all so the next day I took the rest today. This is the only thing that worked for me!"
"I have lost 50 lbs since 8/08/13. No bad side effects. 30 lbs to go."
"This is truly a mind altering drug. Takes the lust with food out of your mind. I had difficulty the first two days I went from 3/day to four..so I backed off to 3 again for another week and then did fine when I increased. I do have headaches, but I have never had the nausea ppl talk about except for the day I increased to 4. I have asthma and hypertension. Both are doing well on this drug. I have lost 11.9 lbs in 5 weeks. I do not feel deprived. I still enjoy an occasional sweet treat, and have still lost weight on those days. The main thing that I have eliminated is snacking. I really don&#039;t have any desire to do that. I drink a lot more water now too. This drug does seems to give a dry mouth.  Very happy with this drug."
"March 2016 I started to take Saxenda, starting weight was 198 lb. now March 2017 my weight is 110 lb. After realizing the best time to take  Saxenda was at night before going to bed it helped with all side effects. It&#039;s all about trial and era. Some foods don&#039;t sit to well and weight loss has slowed down but on an overall experience it&#039;s been great I would recommend this to anybody needing help to kick start the weight loss. One thing that must be done to help along the progress is working out. In the beginning I walked everywhere. Now I run a few times a week to maintain the weight. It&#039;s a never ending cycle but can be managed with time and effort. Good luck to you all."
"I&rsquo;ve been on this for 4 months. So far; no weight gain, my acne cleared up, no pregnancy issues, my breast size has increased (yay!), periods are really light and consistent. But I&rsquo;ve been very emotional (which I hate), my libido isn&rsquo;t as high as it used to be, it&rsquo;s difficult to orgasm sometimes (which I never had a problem with before this birth control), I also think I&rsquo;m starting to lose some hair. But overall it&rsquo;s a great type of birth control to try out."
"I took mirtazapine for 10 months with a slow taper to get off it, this drug caused horrible side effects whilst on it and off it. Increase anxiety, poor sleep pattern, several physical and mental problems and even gained a irregular heart beat, I took my last dose 6 months ago and would warn of its heavy sedation properties masking your current problem.ie count the months not the days, the longer you take it and increase the dose, the bigger your problems maybe in the future ten fold unless it works for you and you signed up for life to it."
"I&#039;ve been on implanon 2 yrs this month got it 6 weeks after giving birth.only reason I haven&#039;t had it taken out is because I don&#039;t want to get pregnant and I&#039;m not sure what other birth control would be best for me.Ive tried the pills before and immediately broke out in hives but since being on implanon my periods are way heavier,periods before implanon were 3-4 days now it comes and goes when it feels like.always have random spotting sometimes for a whole months my painful cramps turned into contracions.mood changes everyday for no reason and I have a very very low sex drive .which was never the case before this .no weight gain which i was hoping for .randomly get nauseous. I&#039;m ready to get it taken out..thinking about going on the shot"
"So far so good

I&rsquo;ve been using this cream for 1 month and currently my skin is the best it&rsquo;s been for years 

It&rsquo;s gone in waves since I started the cream I didn&rsquo;t like it to start but now my skin is the most smooth and least red it&rsquo;s been in a long time. Fingers crossed it stays that way

We get it on prescription in the Uk so approx &pound;9 a month"
"The person from the company Nov nordisk supplied me the damaged pen and when ever I asked them to look into it to get me a replacement they don&#039;t respond "
"I started on the weekly injection after oral hypoglycaemic tablets stopped controlling my Blood Sugar Level (BSL). The effect was pretty much instant. Within two weeks my BSL had normalised and I had lost weight. I am still on track and have lost 6 kegs in 3 months. 
Some tips from me: 
Take the injection out of the fridge at least 30 minutes prior to mixing and injecting it mixes better and doesn&#039;t hurt to inject.
Take an anti-nausea to medication 30 minutes prior to the injection and take the injection at night before you go to bed.
Eat small regular food 6 times a day with high fat (fat has no glycaemic index) moderate protein(90gm /day) and low carb (&lt;100gms day). 
All this has helped me feel and look good, lose weight and have normal BSL."
"Did I get a bad batch?!?  Holy moly I&#039;d prefer the general discomfort of a YI to this. I feel like someone sprayed my lady bit with itching powder, doused it with gasoline, and lit it on fire. What is going on?"
"I switched to Sprintec after being on Minastrin for about three months - with Minastrin I was a moody mess and spotted non-stop. Sprintec has been the answer to my birth control prayers! I&#039;m about to start my third month on it and have not had any crazy symptoms. I&#039;d say that my boobs do get sore during the first week of active pills, but it&#039;s not unbearable. My cramps on this pill are a dull ache and my periods are very light. I&#039;ve actually lost weight, but I don&#039;t think that&#039;s because of the pill (I&#039;ve been exercising frequently). I took a pill a few years ago that made me gain weight even though I was working out, so this is a major improvement in my eyes!"
"I have bipolar disorder and my doctor prescribed Abilify to stabilize my moods.  It worked okay for a while, but after about three weeks on the drug I developed a Parkinsonian twitch in my right leg. "
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon since June of 2013. This is my second time to have this form of birth control. Neither times did I have problems with Nexplanon. The only problem I have is the procedure of taking it out. But hey no pain no gain. Any friend of  mine that ask for birth control advice. I will advise them to get Nexplanon."
"My personal experience with Iressa has been very good. The side effects of the drug were so much less than those of intravenous chemotherapy.  

When I finished traditional chemotherapy in December 2002 I participated in the clinical trials.  I started taking Iressa in January 2003.

My last scan after traditional chemotherapy showed that the cancer was still growing.  My next scan, after taking Iressa for 90 days, showed marked improvement in my condition.  Each scan thereafter showed slow but detectable improvement.  

It is now late May of 2009 and I&#039;m still taking Iressa and still showing signs of improvement.  The side effects, while ever-present are far more tolerable than those of traditional chemotherapy."
"I was given 15 mg caplets and told to cut them in half.. 7.5 mg the 1st night. Slept well but a little groggy the next day. Didn&#039;t get much accomplished. 2nd night same dose and the next day was a total loss. Just sat in my chair all day. No energy or drive. Then I tried to further the dose by cutting 15 mg into 7.5 mg into 3.75 mg. That&#039;s next to impossible due to the shape of the half tab. One night you get decent dose and the next you get the smaller quarter and it doesn&#039;t work. Too bad hey don&#039;t come in 10 mg tabs.  For me, a big guy, with lots of body mass 3.5 mg would be a good dose but it&#039;s impossible to get with any accuracy."
"This is the ONLY cough medicine that works.  Nothing else allows me to rest, therefore, allows me to get better."
"I am about to get my first Implanon taken out after almost 3 years of having it.  The first year and a half I had no period - minimal spotting.  For the next six to eight months I had a period every 1.5 - 2 months and for only 3-5 days with minimal cramping.  The last portion of the 3 year cycle though it&#039;s become more like 1 full, or almost full period every two to three weeks, cramping elevated but still not what it used to be without any birth control.  

I am considering having another put in, if my doctor thinks that a new Implanon would set my body back to the 1.5 years of no periods, that was nice. If she thinks it will continue on where it&#039;s at, I will look into another form."
"I was in hospital for extreme pain in my tummy, vomiting and diarrhea at same time which later turned into vomiting and pooping blood. Diagnosed with Colitis. She also said it was a BI. I stayed a day cause the pain was so bad and I couldn&#039;t keep anything down so I was giving morphine by IV till I could keep fluids down. Also on Flagyl 500 3x day and Cipro 500 2x day for 14 days. On my 4th day and this medicine has been a life saver!! I&#039;ve lost 6 pounds in 4 days.  I&#039;m only eating a couple crackers and soup juice.  Nothing taste right. some foods have a metal taste. Also, makes me ache like I have the flu.  But nothing like the pain I was in before! I will take these few side effects before going through the pain I had before."
"I started taking escitalopram at 5mg for two weeks because I was nervous about the side effects, but I didn&#039;t get any. Then I went to 10mg and still no side effects. I have been on 10mg for almost three weeks now and do notice a small difference.  I don&#039;t get as upset about the little things that would bother me and am able to let things go a little easier. I am still hoping that it kicks in a bit more, so we&#039;ll see."
"Thus worked for my constipation. .but made all of my muscles ache."
"I have only been on Provigil for a month, but it has caused extreme nausea and headaches. I have a history of cluster headaches and migraines, which had diminished, but are now back in full force. I&#039;ve also had stomach cancer twice and Provigil makes me very nauseous and losing weight due to an inability to eat. I&#039;m glad that it is effective for some, I just wish that I was in that group because I am TIRED."
"I been on it for a month and so far I have had no major side affects and I like it haven&#039;t have a period yet and like it but haven&#039;t had much of a sex drive other than that love it"
"This medicine has been very helpful to me. I started having extreme anxiety when I started taking Latuda. For two years I dealt with depression, severe anxiety and killer side effects from the SSRI (avoid them). In 2014 I finally said &quot;ENOUGH!&quot; I was a little scared to try a different medicine but life was so terrible I was willing to get some relief. I did not have any side effects when started taking the medicine. Pristiq has given some of my life back. I can function at the day program (which was in jeopardy before Pristiq) I highly recommend this medicine for those who suffer from depression and anxiety, at lease give it a try."
"I will never buy this product AGAIN.  I could not figure out how to get the ridiculously-designed pump to WORK.  Most nasal sprays have a simple screw cap.  Not this one.  Thew it in the GARBAGE.  Worst waste of money in a long time."
"NO. no no no. I was on birth control for 6 years with no problem until my gyno switched it on me and the new one gave me cystic acne. I then decided to try the IUD and hated it. Then I decided to give this a go cause I wasn&#039;t getting my period. I gained 12 lbs, at lest 5 from bloating, 5 from feeling hungry all the time. I&#039;m so tired, can&#039;t get out of bed, feel sad all the time, no motivation, can barely shower without wanting to sit down, can&#039;t bare to look in the mirror or do my makeup. I&#039;m 20 years old and was completely happy 2 months ago. if you are sensitive to weight gain or pills don&#039;t take this pill.  I stopped it 2 days ago and hope I can lose the weight quickly."
"This medication has helped me greatly in coping with Interstitial Cystitis (IC). There are different types of pain associated with IC, and this medication helps with one of the most debilitating which is a hot poker feeling that starts in the urethra and continues straight up the center. Also, some of the urgency to urinate is relieved.  Even with this medication I am attached to a heating pad, but without it there is nothing left of me other than the pain.
As for side effects, I have to eat first or I become nauseous with occasional vomiting and headaches. Well worth it."
"I have had the Nexplanon for two years and I love it. I started with period only every other month. For some time I did have two months in which I had a period almost two weeks of spotting, it stopped and then i got it again a week later. But that only happened once. I don&#039;t feel any mood swings other than what I would have before so Its just my normal me. I did gain weight but it was about a year later and i doubt was due to the birth control because I can lose it when I want. I love this birth control it has worked great for me and I do recommend it. It is safe and easy."
"I am a 34 year old women and I have smoked off and on since I was 14 yrs old. I have tried and used everything under the sun to quit smoking. Chantix, Nicotine replacements, Allan Carr method, cold turkey...ECT. My biggest problem is when I quit smoking I fall into depression and severe anxiety. Tried Bupropian before at 150mg twice a day. My skin felt like it was crawling so this time the doc started me at 35 mg for 1 week than 75 mg for a month. I have had increased energy and I don&#039;t have the desire to smoke. I have been taking it for 3 weeks and stopped smoking today! It&#039;s worth getting through the side effects for the first 2 weeks!"
"It helped me with all my hallucinations. I stopped hearing things more. I still went through disturbed racing thoughts though. Shakiness still occurs."
"I have had some pretty bad side effects including weakness to the point of falling, extreme fatigue (to the point of not being able to walk at all and eventually falling into a depression). The moment I began to wean myself off the medicine, I immediately regained my strength and everything changed for the better. I did of course inform my doctor and did this gradually over 2 weeks."
"I had Diprivan for a colonoscopy.  I was out instantly and the procedure was completely painless.  I woke up very quickly afterwards and felt great.  I would recommend Diprivan for colonoscopy!"
"I had an emergency C-section, and the morphine they gave me wasn&#039;t touching my pain.  I was in agony.  They gave me Toradol through my IV, and I finally felt relief.  I was bummed that they only let me have a few doses, since it helped so much, but I understand it has a lot of possible side effects. I didn&#039;t have any while I was on it, though."
"I have suffered with migraine for over 30 years and am now on a prevention medication morning and evening called Topamax. It really seems to help but when a migraine strikes, which they still do, I find Zomig nasal sprays a total fantastic find. Nothing has ever worked so fast or as well."
"I had been smoking for many, MANY years...like 30  when I knew that I had to and wanted to quit. I had tried at least 15 times, but it never stuck for more than 6 months.  I was thrilled yet apprehensive when Chantix was released. I smoked for 3 days during the first week. On day four, I looked at my lit cigarette and just couldn&#039;t figure out WHY I had it in my hand, WHY I was smoking. It was as if I had forgotten that I was a smoker! That was May 6th of 2009.

Yes, I had weird and exhausting dreams, but it&#039;s like pregnancy labor - it was really bad when I went through it, but I forgot it within a few weeks of my last cigarette. I soon could only remember how wonderful it was to NOT be a smoker."
"My sister-in-law has been on it for 6 months and I cannot believe how much weight she has lost.  However, she has to work really hard at it and exercises like the energizer bunny, and has changed her eating. However, she seems to still have her glasses of wine and still keeps off the weight. Today is my first day using the pill and already I didn&#039;t realize it was 1:00pm already, and hadn&#039;t wanted lunch. I want to lose about 20 lbs, but at a stand still at the moment.  Diet and exercise was not working. I will report back in a month with hopefully great results."
"So I got the implanon inserted 2 years ago in the last 2 years I have gained about 20 kgs , lost my sex drive , my emotions have been up and down like a yoyo just cry then want to punch something then have no idea what I was even sad/angry about . I would get my period for 2 weeks then another 3 weeks of spotting then it finishes then 1 week later I start pmsing again . But I didn&#039;t get pregnant ! I have just had it taken out 1 year early as I can&#039;t deal with the side effects anymore . I guess there are different contraceptions that work for different people but I must say this one didn&#039;t go well for me ."
"I started Yaz about a year ago. First it wasn&#039;t too bad seeing as my previous pills made my legs swell some kind of crazy. But now into a year and 20 pounds heavier I&#039;ve decided to come off of them. Between the weight gain, now swelling legs, being tired all the time, no sex drive, mood swings like no ones business, and random spotting, the only thing good that has came out of these pills is the fact I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant."
"Worst birth control ever! I am 25 and have taken the same birth control since I was 17. 2 months ago my pharmacy gave me this pill and said it was the same, just a generic brand of what I have been taking. The past 2 months have been some of the worst of my life. I&#039;m getting ready to lose my job, my marriage is unrecognizable (emotionally and physically), and I have thought about killing myself atleast once a day for the past 2 weeks. Luckily I started searching my symptoms (I was looking up anti depressants actually) and saw alot of stuff about birth control side effects and put the pieces together. On top of the uncontrollable rage, crying and overall unhappiness, I get my pd all the time. Try something else, not worth the side effects!"
"I have suffered from sinus, allergies for at least five years. Just recently fluid behind my ear drumt made me dizzy. After five days of taking this no sinus no allergies and no dizziness.  Been to ENT, been to allergist and used their high dollar medicines, none really helped. This on the 5th day is the best day I have had in a long long long time.  Great medicine just hope it keeps on working.  So far no side effects."
"I really like Implanon, the only complaint I have is the area around the Implanon gets itchy. And I have had my period for 38 days straight. Not fun."
"Took the pill about 22 hours after our condom broke. I personally had no bad side effects. Got my period 5 days after I took the pill, much earlier than expected but a huge relief! All the horror stories I heard made me afraid to take the pill, but if it&#039;s an emergency Plan B is a very responsible and safe choice."
"My boyfriend has been smoking for about 16 years (2 packs/day). He started taking Chantix 6 days ago and I&#039;m already seeing a difference as is he! 
I noticed the &quot;need&quot; for him to get a fix is lessening. Before, if he didn&#039;t get a fix no one with him could be happy. All around now, he just seems happier and not so sickly. He actually SMILED in the morning before work in the early morning which never has happened before. His skin is starting to improve, he claims he&#039;s getting more sleep and his breathing/coughing fits have lessened slightly. Also, he&#039;s eating noticeably more which is great because he&#039;s very underweight at this point. I&#039;m truly watching a miracle unfold in front of me. Today he noticed cigarettes are starting to taste bad."
"I was first put on lisinopril but it made me cough.  Switched to Benicar and it has worked good. I take a half of 20mg in the mornings.  No side effects to report.  My blood pressure was just a little high and it lowered into normal range."
"I love the remeron...It gave me back my life."
"I can say that it works far as suppressing your appetite but I only been on it for one day an I am waiting for it to leave my system I don&#039;t like the warm sensation over my body and a few chest pains very sleepy and sluggish feeling so for those reasons I will not be taking belviq anymore."
"A first time user, I took two little orange pills and experienced the worst abdominal pain, ever. I once terminated a colonoscopy that was underway on me with no anesthesia (long story), and this pain equaled that. My thanks to you fellow website contributors who gave me confidence to avoid the emergency room after searching on &quot;Dulcolax cramps.&quot; The extreme pain lasted at least an hour; it subsided gradually over the next 5 hours. Have someone aware of what you&#039;re going through, and be safe about possibly passing out. I did not pass out. (Age 67/male.)"
"I was given this because my period had been extremely irregular for two months prior. I was on it for two months straight. The doctor gave me three packs, she said hopefully I would get lucky and I would start being regular in a month. Well I guess I was extremely Lucky because my period finally stopped after only 2-3 days of taking them. I&#039;m now on my second day of the sugar pills and no sign of a period yet."
"I&#039;ve tried absolutely everything from nerve pills to antidepressants to help my pain and this is the only thing that works. Of course my doctors. Want to take it away after 11 years because of all of the recent headlines."
"Was on this for so long and once getting off of it, I had a hard time getting pregnant"
"Depakote twice a day worked for the headache, but made me so anxious that I could barely function.  Once a day is not working for headache.  Guess I have to try something else."
"I have been struggling with social anxiety disorder and a low-level functioning depression for most of my life. Four years went by with no medication, and during this time I was very paranoid and lost all of my friends. It wasn&#039;t until I met my boyfriend that I saw I couldn&#039;t truly function this way. I finally admitted to myself that I might need to be on medication. It&#039;s been about two months and I feel awesome. I am taking 50mg everyday, and was able to go on a Christmas vacation where my boyfriend and I met each other&#039;s families. This would never have been doable before. I am thoroughly satisfied, and am so happy with my decision. I still have leftover anxiety symptoms but I am working on that in therapy."
"Me and my boyfriend always have safe sex, but this time the condom seemed to come off inside of me and we didn&#039;t notice until after he finished. I took Aftera about 1 hour after it happened. IT REALLY WORKS. My ovulation window was around that time and I was freaking out. My period comes every 30 days and I got it on time! (two weeks after taking the pill). I&#039;m on my third day of having my period and it is lighter than usual, but not to a big degree. The only symptoms I got from the pill were dizziness, nausea, and fatigue. This was my first time taking Aftera and it was very effective. The sooner you take it, the better it works."
"I was given the generic after taking Pristiq for 5 years, this does not work for me at all, depression, anxiety and thoughts are all over the place. Bennett taking the generic 2 months. Have to try something else now because this is not good."
"I have a YI and I purchased monostat 1. I inserted the oval and I was fine. I had a little inch so I went ahead and applied the cream 30min later. After applying cream thats when I instantly felt intense burning and BAD ITCHING. AAahhh. Its driving my cray cray. It made it sooo worse. Well the pain at least. Never again will i ever buy this cream. 20 dollars of a box of devil ants. They should call it the devils meds. Reallllly painful. I rinsed as much as I could out and now I&#039;m laying in bed in pain  lol. DONT TRY."
"Took care of the positive effects of schizo and most of the negative ones.  Gave me medicine induced akathisia, which I take propranolol for.  That is the only reason I gave 8/10"
"Macrobid take 1 capsule 2x daily for 7 days.
I am on day 3, my symptoms of urgent urination with little results, are slowly going away. I still feel very uncomfortable especially in my back. I am noticing an increase of discharge and itchiness with my vagina. Yes, my urine is neon colored, too. Overall, I feel better day by day, I wish this drug would work faster!"
"I have been on the patch for two years previously it was prescribed to me to treat Polycystic ovaries. Just recently got back on It and I am extremely shocked to read all those reviews. I have never gained weight on the pill if anything I have lost few pounds. I always had an issue with acne and patch helped to solve that too. First few days on the patch can&#039;t be classed as the nicest as I felt dizzy and vomited few times however that stops relatively quickly. I can&#039;t relate to the mood swings at all . I can only recommend and say In my experience patches are relatively good compared to other methods of contraception."
"Only take Effexor if you want to be on it for life. The withdrawal lasted 3 months for me. I think my body and mind are permanently damaged from this drug. It helped anxiety by numbing me but at the same time, made me more depressed at times."
"I recently was admitted to a Psych Ward for a suicide ideation/attempt. I&#039;ve previously been diagnosed with ADHD and Borderline Personality Disorder. I was taking 70mg Vyvanse 1x a day, 300mg Wellbutrin XR 1x a day in the morning and 20mg of Paxil 1x before bed . The psychiatrist in the hospital discontinued the Paxil and prescribed 100mg Luvox 2x a day and 50mg Seroquel before bed. I&#039;ve been taking the medication for 9 days. I wake up tired and feel tired the whole day. I also feel jittery but that could be because I drink caffeinated beverages to help stay awake. My Hope is these effects wear off."
"Decreased my sex drive and physically in a lot more pain in my joints... It&#039;s good for women over 25 but under 25 is not the best"
"I came down with flu-like symptoms and was prescribed Tamiflu the next day. I took the first dose right away and started feeling better within 24 hours. However, the next day, I began developing an itchy rash on my hands and toes, so I discontinued the medication, just to be safe."
"I take 160 mg of Geodon, half at dinner and half before bed. I used to take it in the morning but it would knock me out cold. Now I am dead to the world at night but can get through the day. I have been on many medications and Geodon is the only one that didn&#039;t make me feel that my life was in danger and claustrophobic. I never did hear voices or delusions, just grandiose thinking. If you have to take medication, Geodon is far superior to the other antipsychotics. I developed partial blindness and tardive dyskinesia on the others. But Geodon does slow you down and cause weight gain."
"I&#039;ve been battling depression for years now. I am now 42. About 10 years ago, I tried Wellbutrin xl 150mg once a day. It&#039;s the only antidepressant I&#039;ve ever tried and it worked wonders!  I wasn&#039;t sad anymore, I lost weight and I was happy. Then a few years later, it was changed to generic and life wasn&#039;t the same. I was sad all the time, gained weight, basically depressed. Flash forward to a few months ago. Found the Wellbutrin site that&#039;s assists with getting the name brand drug for $50 a month. I have now been on Wellbutrin xl 300mg once a day for three months now. I still don&#039;t feel as sad or down. Life is definitely looking up more often than not but I have not lost any weight this time, which in turn makes me depressed. I will continue"
"Tried it for a month. For me it was ineffective."
"I loved this birth control. I&#039;ve been on 5 or so different pills but this is the best so far. Only complaint is the intense cramps around the time of my period. My period last 6 days with normal bleeding and painful cramps. The cramps are bad but not strong enough to stop taking them especially because they only occur every 3 months. I think the reason for my positive time on the pills was because I&#039;ve been on steady birth control for 4 years straight. 
Sad news I&#039;ve had to change to non estrogen birth control because of my high blood pressure. I miss this so much lol"
"Feeling alive again but still having panick attacks.
I&#039;ve been on 10mg for the past month  but I noticed every time I have drinks,  the next  day I have nasty p&acirc;nic attacks. They are awful.  Its been only a month.  Does it get better after 2 months.  I like this medicine, I feel alive again. I wanna jump out of my bed and go to the gym at 6am like before! I haven&#039;t felt like this in a year! Before all I wanted to do was sleep and stay attached to my bed.  
I love this med but i think I&#039;ll need to upper the dose for my anxiety.  :&#039;("
"I have officially stopped smoking today after 11 days on chantix. The first week I noticed a small reduction in my urge for a smoke and started to smoke less, then when I started taking 1 mg twice a day it started to be more of a reduction. I am very happy to say that chantix has helped me succeed in my wanting to quit smoking, very happy about it. I have had no unpleasant side effects, no vivid dreams. I noticed at the beginning it made cigarettes taste bad which is great with helping to not want anymore of those icky things. If you are on the fence about it I recommend doing it, it works."
"So I&#039;m sitting in my bed with an ice pack between my legs from the awful burning and itching I&#039;ve been experiencing for the last hour since inserting monostat. I should&#039;ve looked up these reviews first but my sister told me to try this miracle drug that would cure my yeast infection in 24 hours. BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE."
"This is my third month using this birth control. I love it it&#039;s amazing no bad side effects at all its serving it purpose 100%."
"I have been on Symbyax for about 8 weeks now. The doctor upped my prescription to 6mg/50mg. It does make me eat all the time. I can&#039;t stop munching. This medication makes me feel a little better but it didn&#039;t last very long. I&#039;m slowly declining again. Zoloft seemed to work but my doctor didn&#039;t think that was going to help me in the long run. I am having short term memory loss due to extreme anxiety. The Symbyax seems to make it worse. I still don&#039;t know if I like it or not."
"The WORST birth control ever I&#039;ve had it for almost a year and is scheduled on Monday 07/17/17 to have it taken out it was okay first, but now I have HORRIBLE headaches and sometimes bad chest pains, bad depression, weight gain, and the WORST anxiety , and terrible acne, I wouldn&#039;t recommend this birth control to anybody "
"I started taking Adipex on 2/25/08 at 215 lbs. I last weighed in at 180 lbs (last week). I feel like im stuck at this weight, but this pill is a miracle drug."
"My 8 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD nearly 1 year ago. We tried 4 different medications - 2 gave him side effects of not being able to sleep AND a high anxiety.  2 did nothing for him.  Then we tried Metadate CD. We started with 10 mg, which didn&#039;t really do anything. 20mg was better, but still some issues in the attention area.  We are now at 30 mg, and it&#039;s great. His teacher has also said that school is much better. He makes sense in his answers, he&#039;s not blurting out or disrupting the class.  We give it to him at 6:45 am, and can get through a bit of homework until 5:30pm.  Then it&#039;s worn off. I think that&#039;s a great amount of time and NO side effects of lack of sleep, lack of appetite, or mood/anxiety issues.  I hope it continues."
"Restless Legs Syndrome in a nut-shell:  Find your trigger.  After a lot of experimentation, I&#039;ve found that a number of things contribute to my RLS:
-fatigue
-iron-deficiency (possible other deficiencies)
-anxiety
-alcohol
... I&#039;m sure there are more.

In any case, I did try this medication as sometimes I can&#039;t determine the cause.  It was awful!  It made me restless throughout the night.  I completely dried up.  Finally, when the medicine started to wear off, I could barely move around from extreme fatigue as though I never slept.  Sure it&#039;ll make you drowsy, but don&#039;t expect a goods nights rest.  I&#039;ve since found that fighting restless legs syndrome is best by fighting the above triggers."
"Some background of drugs/supplements I have been on, and what works and doesn&#039;t work for me.
Bentyl_ useless
Librax- useless
Lomotil works but does not prevent diaherha.
Zoloft helps anxiety associated with IBS but not diaherha
Kava helps anxiety associated with IBS
Kratom helps IBS tremendously but expensive 

I have only been on viberzi for 3 weeks. It has been a lifesaver. Pretty much down to 1 bm a day. Helps with pain which lomotil did not. I still have gas. Do NOT drink with alcohol. I had 1 drink and I felt like I was going to die.  You can&#039;t take it while you&#039;re pregnant because not enough studies have been done. I had to wait 3 days for insurance to approve it, but I&#039;m glad I have it. No generic available."
"I have a recurrent UTI and was put on 1 x 500mg capsule at night, so I&#039;ve been taking them for some time and the only complaint I have is the terrible smell off them. I usually have to hold my breath before I open up the package then shove it in my mouth.
I would say it should be good for you unless you have some other illness that would cause you problems as it hasn&#039;t made me have any side effects."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for almost a month now and the first time I had my period was when I was taking the active pills it lasted almost 10 days and it was terrible, because my period usually lasted 2-3 days. I have experienced change in my appetite. I eat less then I normally did but oddly enough I did gain some weight (not sure how that happened) but other then that nothing has really changed. "
"I am struggling with menopausal weight gain.  I&#039;ve been on Contrave for 3 days and I&#039;m starving all day. A little bit of nausea, but not enough to quit the medicine just yet. I&#039;ll follow up next month."
"I have 7 bulging disks, DDD and AS, on daily pain meds for 7 years. I requested a long acting pain med and had been on oxycodone IR 10mg. x 3 a day. Dr switched me to OxyContin 10 mg 4 per day. AMAZING RESULTS! I no longer feel drugged, I feel like myself again. The IR made me feel drugged and only lasted 3 hours, was a roller coaster all day long. I take 2 in the morning, 1 at 2 pm and 1 at 6 pm. and do not feel like I am on any medication at all, but the pain has gone from an 8 to a 2 (if I don&#039;t move) to maybe a 4 or 5 at worst. Able to clean house, shower, do many activities I was unable to do before. I feel so blessed that I have my life back. It seems to give me energy but no other side effects at all. No dry mouth either."
"I barely had enough time in the day to meet the obligations of my job until I began taking methamphetamine. It really energized me to focus on the task at hand and nothing else. Shortly after I began taking Methamphetamine I received two promotions at work and was given an additional supervisory role.  As an added benefit it curbed my appetite allowing me to work through lunch and in some cases even dinner without taking a break. Also there is almost no physical side effect, unlike Vyvanse and Amphetamine Salts made my body and head ache as well as gave me a craving to chain smoke. 
The only downside is the availability at the local chemist, it seems the refills can only be handled through a tribal doctor or local shaman."
"As I started college my skin broke out like no other, cystic type and absolutely embarrassing. I was too embarrassed to go out just because my skin was so bad. I always take care of my skin and have a very clean so I had no idea why this was happening. 

I tried retinol and it cleared my skin up some but it wasn&#039;t worth the pain and price. My skin felt like it had chemical burns all the time and was red. 

After being prescribed Clindamycin, my face cleared up in a day. I have no idea how this is possible but I&#039;ve only been using it for the days and my skin feels so soft and acne free. Can&#039;t rave about this enough!!!! 

~I have never written a review for anything before but this product deserved it"
"Last year, I had surgery for benign endometrial hyperplasia and a baseball-sized ovarian cyst.  I was officially diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome when I was 19 and this is a common side effect.  To prevent further problems, my doctor recommended hormone therapy but I haven&#039;t done well with any of the pills or the shot - too many bad side effects (sciatica, mood swings, etc).  I was on Ortho-Evra in my early 20s and never noticed any problems so I decided to try it again.  Unfortunately, though, it was discontinued in the USA and Xulane was its generic.  I&#039;ve been on it for 3 months and I&#039;ve been miserable the whole time.  I stopped today and now I feel like I have the flu."
"As we all know birth control has different effects on everyone. As for myself and the 2 other people I know who have taken this pill in the past, it has been nothing short of miserable for all 3 of us. I&#039;ve never related to others when they talk about mood swings during menstruation until I took this pill. Except now my mood swings can happen at any point and I constantly have anxiety. On top of this I am constantly nauseas, have random chest pain and I&#039;ve developed the worst acne I&#039;ve had in my entire life. It&#039;s a good day if I have one or less breakouts appear on my chin area.
As stated before, this pill has different effects on everyone but as for me I can honestly say it has impacted my life and not in a good way."
"When I first started taking Maxalt MLT several years ago it was a wonder drug; my headaches were gone within minutes with no side effects. Lately I&#039;ve noticed that I get a little groggy after I&#039;ve taken it, and it also takes longer for it to work.  Sometimes I have to take a second dose after two hours before it works.  That&#039;s still better than having a migraine, though!"
"I&#039;m currently going through nursing school at a university near me and from the start of this past semester I had a real tough time staying focused and doing my homework. Went to see a nurse APR N and she gave me a script for Ritalin, 10mg 2x a day. This medicine has been a God send for me, I always complete my assignments on time and have been getting A&#039;s and B&#039;s on all my test. It lets me sit down and study for 6 hours at a time but if I hadn&#039;t taken the Ritalin I wouldn&#039;t have half the work done that needed to be done. Plus I&#039;ve not had a single issue with it such as withdrawals or anxiety."
"Prepopik is by far the easiest prep to actually take. Easy to throw back and then chase with 40oz of whatever clear liquid you can tolerate and enjoy. 

If you ate normally up until the day of the prep and/or have slow-ish bowels, I would try to start earlier rather than later. I took the first dose at 5 and it took until about 8:30 to start getting real results. 11pm dose was still working on and off until 2am and I had to get up a couple times after that.

The benefit is that it works slowly and gently. Lots of &quot;tummy talking&quot; and noises happening, but no pain, bloating, or nausea. Took longer to run clear than past preps, but worth the tolerability!"
"Had sex with my boyfriend two times n he came in me fully. After 6 hours of physical contact went to Walgreens to buy the pill. Side effects are kinda irritating makes you a demon for a week. Right on spot after a week my period came. Now it&#039;s been a month later my period came again .  Took three pregnancy tests definitely not pregnant. Worries a side, take it as soon as possible n you be alright!!!!"
"Depakote ER is the only medicine I can take for my bi-polar. I have side effects to every medicine I&#039;ve been on for bi-polar. I can&#039;t take the generic. It really bothers my stomach. It doesn&#039;t do much for depression. Anything I take for depression makes me manic. I have been on almost medications on the market. I have to learn to live with depression and work my hardest to accept it. I&#039;ve been living with bi-polar for 38 years. I wish that the brand name wasn&#039;t so expensive. It&#039;s very hard for me to afford but it must come before food if necessary."
"I have only been on Seroquel 25 mg for just over a week. So I cannot say if I will experience the weight gain or not. But so far this is the best thing that&#039;s worked for me. I was horrifically depressed and anxious for over a year, and before that moderately. But after just 1 days on the Seroquel I felt a huge difference. My thoughts had slowed down, my anxiety and depression got cut in half, my appreciation of time and continuity came back a bit, the disassociation was appeased. For the past year I felt like I was on one giant bad paranoia trip, and only after I started taking this medicine did I feeling normal again. There are still major things that are a problem, but the Seroquel makes it way more manageable."
"Very happy with this new medicine. Seems to control my blood sugar better than other medications. I also take 2000mg of Glucophage a day and 100mg of the Invokana. After the first month, the maintenance dosage is 300mg once a day. Been on this medication for 3 weeks now. I have already lost 5 pounds! Urination is more frequent during the day though. Make sure you drink lots of fluids to prevent dehydration. I did notice some acne to show up on my face. Not sure if this is a side effect or not? Other than that, this is a miracle! Controlled blood sugars and weight loss! The first year is only $5.00 a month with the prescription card the Manufacturer gives you."
"I have taken AMPYRA for 1 month. The second day I thought it was my imagination but I did things I couldn&#039;t do before, like stand at the sink without leaning, lifting my legs much higher.  My left arm was weak and almost always had a closed fist, not anymore. I can actually use the key board again with both hands. So much more to say, it is a miracle medicine. To bad, my insurance denied another month.  Just purchased 15 day supply on my own ($592.50) while I fight the denial.  Everyone should give it a try.  "
"I have only been taking Lexapro for about 3-4 weeks but it seems to work for me so far. I started this medicine due to very bad panic attacks and depression. I have only had one very minor panic attack since and it was within the first few days of taking it. I find it a lot easier to calm myself down now and my panic attacks don&#039;t spiral. I used to have crying episodes that would last hours and I have not cried once since I started Lexapro. Side effects- I have had some headaches and muscle tension and I can feel quite dizzy and foggy sometimes but as long as it keeps my panic attacks away I really don&#039;t mind. I felt nauseous the first few days but it went away quickly."
"I have been on Contrave for eleven months and have lost 40lbs. The weight loss is consistent and although I have a substantial amount of weight to lose, I feel much better and my Doctor is pleased with the results. I could really feel a difference after losing 10% of my body weight (35lbs). The goal I set for myself is 50lbs in a year-still have a month to reach this goal. Happy with Contrave."
"I started using Elidel about a month ago after being diagnosed with Eczema on my face, arms and shoulders, and after topical cortico-steroid creams failed to work.  Elidel cleared up my skin very nicely.  This summer has been very hot and humid where I live, so my skin has had quite a few breakouts.  As long as I used the Elidel at least twice a day, my Eczema remains under control.  The only side effect I have noticed is a warming sensation on my face, but I can live with that.  Elidel, is by far the best product I have used and thankfully I have a drug plan where I work, because it is expensive."
"I bought the Jublia medication and applied exactly as prescribed every day for 10 months with basically zero change to all 10 infected toes after this timeframe. I paid nearly $975 per bottle for this stuff with Blue Cross insurance refusing to cover the prescription; and now I know why- because it just doesn&#039;t work!
So $10,000 later, I am back to square one. Valeant, the manufacturer of this worthless stuff, should be sued for false claims."
"I have had the Implanon now for 3 months and can safely say it&#039;s great, no periods and no more migraines as the microginon pill was giving me hellish headaches!... 
As for putting on weight, people need to realise the small piece of plastic can not and does not produce fat cells. In order to gain weight you need to EAT the food. All that being said it does play havoc with hormones and I completely agree that cravings differ, making you have that same PMS feeling you may get around the time of the month, but as for the people who say there eating habits haven&#039;t changed and they have gained weight simply isn&#039;t true. Plastic doesn&#039;t reproduce fat cells ladies So don&#039;t be fooled! That&#039;s coming from a dietician!!"
"My boyfriend and I had sex about 2 weeks ago and the condom broke. As teenagers with our whole life ahead of us, we absolutely freaked. We drove to the store and I took the pill within 20-30 minutes after the mishap. After reading these reviews (much like some of you panicking right now) it really helped me to feel better. A week later, on my usual day, I got my period! I experienced some nausea, headaches, tender breasts and weird moods but it didn&#039;t help that I was already suffering from a minor cold. I am so happy and thankful for Plan B- it literally saved my life!!! My best advice is to stay as calm as possible- stressing can make the symptoms and waiting worse. Let your guy know you need as much support as possible! Breathe ladies:)"
"We have been in a single clinical trial and it has improved the quality of life by 50 % in the last 6 months , after having systemic mastocytosis (smc) for 20 years."
"Useless."
"I have been on Tenuate for a year and at first I was losing weight fast (30lbs) and looked great but by 6 months I had stopped losing so my dr took me off it for 3 months. I got back on after I gained back 20 of the 30lbs lost. This was during summer and I have two kids I&#039;m constantly chasing. I&#039;ve been back on Tenuate for 3 months and I have gained another 6lbs WHILE ON TENUATE!!! I have a healthy diet and exercise regularly. So, if you want to lose weight for a specific occasion this med is great for you but if you want something to help you keep it off....this might not be it."
"I have been on zyprexa for 5 days so far. I have been taking 2.5mg and I think I need to up the dose now to 5mg as it feels like it is wearing off. this medication is doing wonders for me, it is great! I can finally have 8 hours of un-disturbed sleep. Prior to commencing this medication, I was suffering from severe symptoms of mania such as insomnia, loss of appetite, high energy levels, psychotic symptoms (hearing voices, derealisation, making weird connections &amp; magical experiences), making new plans, reckless spending &amp; driving, new ideas, taking on too many tasks, agitation. the medication has calmed all of these symptoms. zyprexa is a god send for me. only side effect I have is low blood pressure from it."
"I took this pills coz I&#039;m anemic and my doctor previously put in an IUD to cure my anemia but the IUD came come itself so she told me take birth control pills which is this one. It seems like it helped me to stop bleeding but since 10-15 days I felt like I have shortness of breath and my heartbeat is very fast. I donno why she prescribed me this may be because I have amerigroup insurance or something other reason. I went to my doc to checkup he said I might have blood clot in my lungs. My life is messed up now."
"Didn&#039;t find it as bad as people say. Not exactly pleasant but it was fine. Very expensive and took 4.5 hours for it to start to work. Working now though. Prep I used for last colonoscopy was just as effective and much cheaper though. Hope this will have done its job fully in time for my early morning appointment. It&#039;s 10pm now."
"I have been taking Contrave for about a year and a half now. Within the first 3-4 months I lost a total of 32lbs. I have never had any side effects while on it. The reason it does not get a perfect rating is because last October a new company purchased and started producing it. Since then they have been price gauging and ripping people off. The previous company charged $60/bottle; the new company charges $90. Good luck finding an insurance company that covers it; 99% don&#039;t. My doctor and I are looking for other options now. Not very many people can afford paying over a $1000/yr for medicine. Unless they lower the price I don&#039;t foresee them lasting much longer, which is sad because it really is a great medication."
"After about 7 months of weekly Enbel injections I began to experience severe psychological symptoms. I continued taking Enbrel for about five more months as my doctor didn&#039;t believe the symptoms were due to Enbrel. At this point we believed I was in remission and I was off treatment for several months. My side effects disappeared. When I had a flare up I was put back on Enbrel. The psychological side effects came back full force and many doctors saw that it was definitely a side effect of the medicine. Enbrel did wonderful things for my arthritis, but I can&#039;t take it again. My doctor has noted these symptoms in other patients."
"I have had severe constipation and I was barely using the bathroom within 8 months I would say I was using the bathroom about once or twice a week. Just last night I tried milk of magnesia and it was a life saver!  barely using the bathroom within 8 months is very dangerous so I was so scared! But this helped and I&#039;m so happy! I feel a lot better!"
"I was on Yaz when my phaamacy switched me over to Gianvi about 4 months ago.  I have AWFUL anxiety and depression about almost everything.  I have also had a lot of changes to my appetite but have ended up losing 15 pounds because of my anxiety.  I cannot wait to switch to a different birth control."
"I am 32 yrs old, and have no allergies to anything.  After taking this drug I had depression, hallucinations and very odd thoughts, and felt no consequences to anything I did...so I looked up the side effects, and I had almost everyone.  I went to another doctor and she advised me that this drug has profound mental side effects in adults."
"This drug worked very well after my shoulder surgery. I took it for 6 weeks. My doses started at two every 6 hours for one week and tapered down to 2 at night. I was never told and did not realize that withdrawal would be a problem. I had several of the common withdrawal symptoms and 10 days after stopping the drug completely, I still have insomnia, night sweats and anxiety. No other sleep aids help me sleep yet."
"I get cold sores about 2-3 times per year. Abreva has worked for me, but with caveats. If I can catch the sore at the very first tingle, I can limit its spread and it will heal up and go away in 3-5 days. It still looks bad for a couple of days, but at least it&#039;s not two weeks. The second to last time I used Abreva, I was traveling and couldn&#039;t get to it until about 12 hours after the first tingle. I applied Abreva, but it didn&#039;t have much effect, maybe quickening healing at best (the sore lasted seven days, untreated I&#039;d expect a week and a half). In short, you really have to rush to apply it (and keep applying it every few hours), and it&#039;s a race against time with that first tingle, even if you aren&#039;t 100% sure it&#039;s an oncoming outbreak."
"I have been on Savella for about a month and I must say there is a improvement in my pain level. The only side effect at first was nausea and then that went away after the first couple of weeks because the body needed to get used to it but after you are over that hump the only side effects for me was hot flashes and sweats. However, to be out of pain is all that I care about. I was out of work for a year and a half and now I&#039;m able to function and work again. I thank God for Savella and my Doctor who suggested it. She has never steered me wrong. To anyone who has Fibromyalgia please try this medicine and give it a little while to work. Stick out the side effects the first couple of weeks and the pay off is wonderful."
"I was on 40mg for months and I noticed absolutely nothing."
"My GP saved my life by (a) getting me to admit to alcohol problems ( three bottles of wine daily seven days a week ) (b) sending me for a biopsy for potential cirrhosis ( clear ) but being in the hospital ward for two days showed me the effects of alcohol abuse and realising I wanted my life back. This was the first two days in over twenty years of not drinking alcohol. (c) the real life saver Chlordiazepoxide prescribed to me. Now alcohol free over three years, got my life back, no more dry vomits each day all day, no more obvious signs externally; the sweating or panics. Do not ignore the medical offer of this drug if prescribed to you it could save YOUR life as it has mine. Aged 53 - male."
"I used Epiduo for about 3 weeks, the reason why I started using it is because I had small little dots on the sides of my face. The first couple of days my face felt like it was burning and it went so red. It caused so much acne on my face! Now I have a lot of big pimples on my face which scar.
I have used a few acne creams but this one has been the worst by far."
"Worked okay but caused fainting spells. Coming off of it (tapering, per doctor&#039;said orders) was terrible. I&#039;ve been told more than once that the way I felt sounded like a heroin addict coming off heroin. I was sick to my stomach,  my entire body was in constant pain, every joint and muscle, headaches, I felt cold one minute and burning up the next, exhausted but couldn&#039;t sleep, nightmares when I could catch a few minutes  and periods of wishing someone would just put me out of my misery. This drug  is dangerous! Imagine if someone ran out and couldn&#039;t taper off. "
"I&#039;ve been taking this birth control since March of 2017 and it&#039;s worked great for me so far. No pregnancies, no side affects. I absolutely love it. I still get my period during the placebo week but my cramps are way more manageable, and my period is super light and only last 2-3 days, when before it was 4-5 days and horrible horrible cramps. I&#039;ve always had clear skin but I do notice that the first two weeks of a new pack, my skin is glowing! Towards the last week of the active pills I get my regular period about to start pimples. Sometimes I notice a slight increased irritability but I can&#039;t completely attribute that to just this birth control. I&#039;ve had horrible mood swings on a past medication and haven&#039;t gotten even an ounce of that."
"Everyone reacts differently to medication. Dosage: 10mg, Sex: Male, Age: 58, Diagnosis: Chronic Insomnia. I&#039;ve take Belsomra 3 nights now with 1 to 2 hours of sleep each night. This is strange stuff, be careful. You feel tired but it does not shut your mind off, I laid in bed for 4 hours awake. At that point after 2 nights of not sleeping I think I would have fallen asleep any way from exhaustion. I did not think I was asleep but started to experiencing the strangest nightmares I have ever had. After another hour of this I did fall into a dream state sleep for sure. The dreams were extremely unusual and lucid ( like when taking Restoril) very strange. I fell in and out of sleep for about 2 hours then woke at 4 am and that was   it."
"I just came through another manic episode, but with Geodon I don&#039;t think it was a severe as it has been in the past. Bipolar disorder has made me make some very poor and self destructive choice, but Geodon has really helped. I don&#039;t know where I would be without it."
"I cannot say enough about how well this drug worked for me. Aside from some vivid but very cool dreams for about a week, the only side effect I experienced was, that this drug HELPED ME STOP SMOKING. "
"I am 33 years old and started taking these pills the first day of my period on September 26, 2015. This was my first time using birth control since 2012. I bleed for 15 days and then very light on the 16th day. On the 17th day, October 12th I saw no bleeding. It is October 19 and I started to bleed again yesterday morning, October 18. I don&#039;t understand why I&#039;m having a second bout with a period not more than 1 week later from my first period. All my life my periods lasted no more than 5 days. The only other birth control I used was Ortho tri Cyclen and my periods only lasted 5 days. I&#039;m going to a gynecologist today as I consider to switch birth controls."
"Deeply depressed for 7 months after a manic period of 7 months.  Would come home from work and just go to bed and stay there for 14 hours until it was time to go to work again.  Taking Bupropion in the AM without effect in increasing doses for all 7 months.  After titrating up the Lamictal through the increasing doses as required, the fog lifted 3 days after I started on the 200mg dose.  Thank you modern medicine"
"Have been using this drug for about 16 years now. No other migraine medicine compares to it. Have recommended it to several other migraine sufferers. In turn they have called their doctors and now they are on it. They have had the same luck I have."
"One week. Still top notch shape. Luckily, my peripd ended a day earlier thsn my usual 5 day period.  Of course all medicines require side effects.dont feel extra moody or anything. My only concern is dry eyes so far when wearing my contacts, which will hopefully will subside before next month where i will be taking my yoga teacher intensive training. Definitely dramatically proved to subside much of my hormonal imbalance symptoms. I am 4&quot;11 and 100 lbs.. 28 years old. Healthy, active and finally seeing my acne under control in one week!"
"When I first got on Implanon everything was great. I didn&#039;t have a period for about 6 months but did experience weight gain. Now about 9 months later I&#039;ve gained over 25 pounds, I&#039;m tired and have periods lasting over 2 weeks. Its good to hear other people have this side effect also and I&#039;m thinking about getting it taken out."
"I started using  Byetta 5 months ago and so far it has been the most amazing experience I have ever had before Byetta I was always so tired and not motivated at all to exercise and take care of myself. I was on Actos and I strongly believe that drug was slowly killing me. I have only lost a couple of pounds so far but everything else seems to be in control and I feel like a totally new person. After this pen is finished I move up to 10 and I really hope I don&#039;t get any of the side effects because the 5 has been wonderful but if I do get the side effects I will go back to the 5 and enjoy life again. Thanks Byetta"
"Tried Botox yesterday changed my life today, no more frequency or urgency and no more PAIN... i was urinating every 1-2 hours and now I am back to normal ."
"pretty radicle pill - my boobs went from an A to a DD no weight gain and I seem to be a lot happier now I love this pill!!"
"I had high hopes that this would help my anxiety but it seems like it made my anxiety a lot worse. I now experience bad nausea and trembling which didn&#039;t happen before. I also had low appetite and more severe anxiety attacks.  I took 15mg twice a day for six weeks. Thankfully it doesn&#039;t have withdrawal effects but unfortunately it didn&#039;t work for me."
"I have had Nexplanon for 9 months and I have nothing but good things to say about it!! I have personally not had awful side effects at all. My period has virutally disappeared with the exception of occasional spotting (every 3-4 months) for a few days and it is very light spotting. The implant is not noticeable and I cannot feel it. I don&#039;t have to remember to pick up pills every month and I do not have to remember to take a pill every night which is the biggest plus. Also, the implant is the most effective form out there because it does not rely on the individual to administer the birth control. I have not gained weight or gotten headaches at all. My one and only complaint is that my sex drive is very low. I would recommend it!"
"I was put on this because I originally had irregular bleeding. Normally, a week before my period I would spot, have my period for about 3 days and be done. Since being put on Orsythia, I&#039;ve already been fully bleeding for 2 weeks plus 1 week of heavy spotting before hand. Needless to say, I have an emergency OB appointment on Monday to get me on something else that doesn&#039;t make this condition worse than it already was. The only two things this helped with was the life altering cramps/body pains during pms and it also did not take away from my sex drive (though I could not even have sex because of the erratic bleeding).... I would NOT recommend this to my worse enemy."
"I have MS and my mood swings were unbearable. I feel like this drug has balanced out my brain. Not only am I no longer sad and suffering, I think more rationally. I am going through a very stressful time in my life. Normally I should just want to lay in bed and cry. This drug has put ME in control of my emotions! I have tried a variety of anti depressants.. They made me feel numb . I hated them. This drug is different!!! I also have a history of self medicating with alcohol to cope with my anxiety when a very stressful situation occurs. Since I have started this med, I have no desire or urge. I&#039;m not one to get online and write a review.. But I feel like this is helping me live again.. And I want to share the word!!"
"I have tried over a dozen different medications to relieve my Restless Leg Syndrome symptoms with no success.  Percocet is the ONLY medication that has worked."
"I knew within 1 hour my breathing felt less constricted. After 2-3 days there was a marked decrease in mucous production and best of all after 1 week I was able to climb an entire flight of stairs without resting. Great results"
"I am coming off of this med and it&#039;s freaking horrible. Number one: I said it did not work and was making my anxiety worse. My doc kept me on it 2 mg day plus 20mg lexapro. Never again. I have to say it is rubbish because you can&#039;t just stop. Going to a new therapist today. Thank God. Stay away from this pill."
"I am retired, but still read and do many other activities. I was taking MsContin 30mg 3x and Oxycodone IR 10mg 4x per day. I stopped reading and crocheting. I stopped watching my favorite programs. I never knew when I was going to fall asleep. I became hostile, angry, depressed, paranoid and had substantial memory loss. I stopped talking to people and was tired all the time. I didn&#039;t connect it to my pain medication because I have numerous chronic illnesses. Last year my doctor suggested a change to Oxycontin, but I was afraid. A month ago I started taking Oxycodone IR 10mg four times a day and Xtampza 18mg three times per day. I wish I had done it sooner. I have eat a good meal with the Xtampza but,I am awake and my real personality is back. My energy is up."
"The Dr. prescribed this med after I developed a tolerance to Prozac after 15 wonderful years.  I started at 25 mg. They always say to give it a few weeks to see if it is working.  After 2 months he increased the dosage to 50 mg. which still did not work.  Then after an increase to 100 mg. for a few months, he finally believed it was not working for me.  He started me on Effexor, which took another 6 months of gradually increasing dosage to actually kick in.  Please do not give up.  After over a year of living a nightmare and feeling suicidal every single day, I&#039;m now back to normal, almost every day."
"My depression/anxiety the past several months has been disabling.  Mornings were filled with crippling anxiety/depression and I&#039;d stay in bed to escape being with the emotional pain.  I felt overwhelmed all the time and just couldn&#039;t get motivated to do anything.  Since Cymbalta, I have pep in my step!  I have tons of motivation to spends HOURS cleaning a house with years of accumulated hoarding, and to clean my apartment which I couldn&#039;t touch in 6 months.  I can get things done without the overwhelmed feeling -- bills, job, etc.  I&#039;m no longer deeply blue and crying.  This is an answer to my prayers!  My psych said that my desire to get better, counselling, and making changes is what is needed as part of treatment to succeed.  Praise God!"
"I really do like the effects of Adapalene on my skin.  The texture is smoother, smaller pores, and all the other things you&#039;d expect from a retinol gel.  Thanks to those of you who warned against waxing while applying this gel.  I did not read that on the information, and no one told me.  I had pretty intense burning when I had my brows waxed.  The scars are still a little visible."
"I had Implanon inserted in August of 2010. Other than a really nasty (but painless) bruise on my arm for about a week I haven&#039;t really had any problems. The only time it hurts is when my daughter pinches my arm right where the device is, but obviously that isn&#039;t because of the birth control. Almost every time after intercourse I would have a period, which for me isn&#039;t all that big of a deal, I had irregular periods before I was pregnant. BUT, they don&#039;t last but a couple of days and they are very light and cramp-free. Please don&#039;t let the negative reviews scare you out of this birth control. After being on the Depo shot for almost 5 years, I wouldn&#039;t give up my Implanon for anything."
"My husband took this medication for about 60 days. He hurt so bad all over that he was taking Advil every four hours. Waking up out after a few hours of sleep to get into a hot bath. He ended up at a rheumatoid arthritis Dr ( which all tests came back negative) lost a ton of muscle mass. He stopped taking this because I convinced him that he was not going to be used in a &quot;trial&quot;. He feels better but not 100%. I would not recommend this medicine to anyone."
"I take this occasionally for a week for a reoccurring yearly cyst in my private area. Works quickly for me! I do not take it all the time, only when the cyst appears from working in a room with no air conditioning. I haven&#039;t had any side effects other than I feel the need to drink more water and I&#039;m a tiny framed person."
"I&#039;m new to this medication. I notice my fluttering and pounding heart wakes me up, I&#039;m slightly dizzy even when sitting still or lying down, a few days I&#039;ve had terrible heartburn, some nausea so strong that I took Nauzene and tums with some relief, icepick stabbing headache, headache around my temples that&#039;s not relieved by relaxation or aspirin or drinking a lot of water and is relieved somewhat with Aleve, tinnitis, trouble staying asleep even though I keep my normal schedule and use my normal melatonin. I&#039;ve been kind of sleepy, maybe due to waking up with the other issues. These symptoms are all uncommon for me and obviously caused by the pills. On the positive side I seem to be less moody and anxious than I was getting before."
"Wow in love so far!! Third day and I have no appetite at all and when I eat it&#039;s a couple bits and I&#039;m full! I don&#039;t know how it&#039;s working so fast but I&#039;m loving it I will say one thing though I could literally sleep forever that&#039;s all I found to be negative"
"it made me have violent twitching and uncontrolled facial movements.... it made my mania Worse! Gonna get back on Thorazine. .."
"I take Ambien once a night...so long as I don&#039;t eat 2 hours or less before I take it...it seems to work great. I get a good 9 hours sleep. If I eat after I take it then it only makes me sleepy..not enough to fall asleep. So I don&#039;t eat before or after and I have great results. When I first started taking Ambien, I had bad dreams and nightmare. I even sleep walk and drive and did not remember a thing...but that stopped about 2 years after taking them..scary! You have to control the medicine..not let it control you. I&#039;ve been taking since 1997 and still taking them."
"I have had GERD for years now. I started out taking Prilosec, but it started making me burp a lot and it would just absolutely hurt. My doctor switched me to Protonix and that has helped so much. I take 40 mgs twice a day. I don&#039;t burp nearly as much and food doesn&#039;t creep back up and into my mouth like it did so much either. I also take Zantac at night, but it still had helped a lot even before then. It&#039;s been such a relief. I didn&#039;t get any side effects from it either. I take it 30 minutes before breakfast and 30 minutes before lunch."
"Procyclidine caused worsening of my akathesia and confusion, worsening of breathing, worsening of very distressing movements of my hands &amp; feet."
"So I was reading all of the comments and felt the need to write my own. Today is only my SECOND DAY on Chantix and do I ever feel a difference. I have no urge to smoke already, but I still do because its so routine. I had 1 cigarette this morning and towards the end of it, did it ever taste so nasty. I can feel already a stronger sense of smell and tastes and I feel like this is really going to work for me so early on. I wasn&#039;t ready to quit at all. I had the pills laying around in the house and I had to look for something and came across the Chantix box I got about three months ago and it just hit me then like its time and I am happy this happened."
"I took this from age 16 to 27, when I got married. Now I&#039;m 36, and my husband and I have tried for 10 years and I can&#039;t get pregnant. My periods have been torture since I quit taking it. It is nothing unusual for me hurt so bad within the first 48 hours of starting my period, I wind up passing out on my cold tile floor naked in a puddle of sweat. I&#039;ve spent a fortune trying to get pregnant, or at least find some reason behind the crippling effects of my period, which comes every 18 to 21 days. Maybe ortho isn&#039;t to blame, but I can&#039;t help but wonder if my inability to have a child is related in some way."
"I use metoclopramide for mild gastroparesis flare ups, as I&#039;ve had Type 1 Diabetes for 27 years. It works wonders on moving food through my stomach! The only side effect I&#039;ve had is tiredness after taking it, but it doesn&#039;t hit me all the time. When I take it before I eat I don&#039;t vomit or experience nausea. This is especially great since I love salad and I can&#039;t eat it without metoclopramide. Great drug! :-)"
"No bowel motion in 2 weeks tried EVERYTHING! Nothing. THIS will clean you out like Draino, but abdominal cramps lasted about 1-2hrs before BM. Beats the heck out of the alternative though."
"Made me extremely suicidal, cried uncontrollably, had severe anxiety attacks, after just 2 days of it I could  not take it, and it&#039;s ridiculously expensive"
"I never once in forty years even tried to quit smoking. I recently had a c5 c6 c7 neck fusion. The bones have not healed due to my smoking. My dr advised me to try Chantix. So I took my start week pills. On the eighth day threw them out. I&#039;m one month smoke free. Which I think is a miracle. No side effects at all. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to quit."
"An orthopedic specialist prescribed Gabapentin to relieve the pain associated with a muscluar/spine issue I&#039;m working through. I have had migraines since I was 5-years-old and one dose of this medication brought on one of the worst migraines I&#039;ve had in years. It also made me wide awake at bedtime, instead of sleepy, as well as dizzy and nauseous."
"great"
"I have taken Adipex for one month and 4 days, 22 pounds down. Starting weight 240, now at 218. I plan to stay on the pill until I reach 180 lbs. I am a very active person and eat great. First couple days I did have headaches, which only lasted 2-3 days now I have had none.  The boost of energy is nice. I do experience some dry mouth, thankfully I LOVE  water! I&#039;ll post in another month  hopefully I will be under 200 pounds!"
"This medication is my miracle. The only reason I rated 9 instead of 10 was due to initial 3 day side effects. It was bad but if you can power through its worth it. Side effects were increased restlessness, sweating, mild nausea, feeling faint when standing up, tight headache, and no appetite. After 3 days all of this was gone except sweaty palms and slightly decreased appetite and in only those couple of days I felt like a new person. My obsessive thoughts slowed drastically and became more rational and overall I was so much happier and more positive. It was almost like a light switch because it was so bad I was considering going to the hospital for help and I&#039;m only on 10mg. Also morning is best to take it."
"I am using quetiapine 200 MG every day  for about  two years, and I experienced headaches after one year of consumption once or twice a week I guess it was  migraine.  And an increase in sweating.  Should I keep taking my medicine?"
"I had a small lump removed from below my lip, and was prescribed efudex to be applied twice a day for four weeks. I have just finished that time, so I don&#039;t know how effective it has been. I had no reaction for 9 days, then my lip became very swollen and weepy, cracked in the corner. My GP suggested that I put vaseline around the spot before applying the cream, and that helped the lips considerably.  I changed to paw-paw cream, which seemed to help. Now it is six days since I stopped applying the cream and I still have what looks like a large cold sore, as well as the red crustiness under my nose which started only when I stopped the efudex. I am hoping this may go soon. I am not sure whether to put anything on them or not."
"At first I was reluctant to take a pill even though I had been diagnosed with major depression.  My family talked me into taking this medication. I am on my third week of taking Zoloft. The first week my doctor started me on 50mg.  The first few days I felt awful but stuck with the medication. I had not felt much relief in my depression and anxiety on 50mg so my psych doc put me on 100mg after two weeks.  I am on day 4 taking 100mg sertraline and have already started to notice a difference in my mood.  I am less anxious and worry much less at work.  I am also beginning to venture out of the house more than I used to.  The only side effects I&#039;ve had on sertraline are mild headache, diarrhea, and decrease in sexual performance."
"This medication is very scary to take. I was only on 37.5mg for one day and my pupils dilated and one eye was bigger then the other. It felt like I had taken some illegal drug. I felt dopey and after stopping it from one day I still felt high days later. Told my doctor and was prescribed escitalopram and took only 5mg same thing happened with my pupils again and made my out of reality feelings worse. I honestly think medication is only good if you actually have a full on disorder that is bad.. but taking this to get a relief from anxiety it just masks it. It made me feel numb to my emotions.. I don&#039;t want to be masked and not feel happy or sad.."
"My Experience were constant weight gain migraines very bad abdominal pain mood swings and heavy periods and bad cramps. i do not recommended this for anyone and would give 0 stars if i could."
"I have been using Concerta for 15 days now. I started out with 18mg for a week and the second week 36mg. I haven&#039;t seen any difference by now, which is very dissappointing for me. In fact I feel slighly extra depressed than I already am, but no big difference. Starting tommorow my doctor told me to take 54mg per day. Any suggestions? Is it too soon to see any difference?"
"Was on Prozac for the last 4 years to treat my depression, anxiety and intrusive thoughts until my Prozac pooped out. I upped my Prozac with no relief. I tried other ssris  Zoloft,Celexa Lexapro which only made my condition worse. I even tried an snri Cymbalta with no relief.  7 months later  I finally got to see a psychiatrist. He put me back on Prozac 10 mg and augment with Abilify. It took a month before I decided to try it because of the cost ($110.00 for 30 2mg pills) I felt it working 2 days later. After 1 week my intrusive thoughts went away and my depression lifted with anxiety gone. I had zero side effects. Its been 10 days now and I feel myself again, going out and doing things. For me Abilify is a perfect fit, I hope it lasts."
"In College I had a bad reaction to a medication and spent the entire day in bed and throwing up until my roommate gave me Dramamine and it completely took away the vomiting and helped me go to sleep. "
"Started feeling like I was getting some symptoms of a YI so I went and purchased the 7 day combo pack of Monistat 7. OMG! I&#039;m on the 3rd night and the burning is so bad.  It is way worse than before I started using the medicine. I&#039;m not really sure if I can stand 4 more nights of this. I don&#039;t get YI&#039;s a lot. I haven&#039;t had one in several years, but never used to have this problem with the burning in years past.  I&#039;m just glad to know that there are so many others having the same issue because I was beginning to think something was severely wrong with me. Going to take some Tylenol and try to get some rest. Praying the burning will stop. Definitely calling the doctor tomorrow though."
"Too many warnings. I want a refund. There is plastic in these pills. They bounce. Wtf? Gave me a nasty flu like headache. Do not waste your money. Don&#039;t know why doc wrote this crap. Never again."
"This review is to help others, though we are all different in reactions it&#039;s always good to know 
Taking this medication and it seems to be working, after the third day my bloating and fatigue (from chlamydia) went away (luckily I caught the symptoms relatively early from the std). Taking it twice a day 100mg for 10 days (better to be safe). 
Side effects seem to have increased (nausea and stomach pains) because on my third day I was out on extreme heat/sun and forgot while outdoors that I was under antibiotics, whoops. 
Medicine is doing its job, though tackling symptoms since I loose my appetite...
I wish everyone well"
"After having an IUD my Dr gave me this to try.  Periods were very light.  No cramping or pimples.  Didn&#039;t care for the aftertaste of chewing the pills so I just swallowed them.  Every time I refilled my Rx there were problems getting my insurance to work.  They were able to cover it for a while, but now my insurance won&#039;t cover it at all.  At over $150/month, I will be finding another medication."
"I started Saxenda last Thursday for my  Insulin regulation and PCOS . That evening I had severe vomiting. None since, but I have no appetite because I cannot even think about food because the nausea comes in waves. I am also so tired I am wanting to go to my car and take a nap. Headaches started today, too. Does it get better? I am used to being so active and full of energy. I am so worried about bumping up my dosage when the minimum is affecting me so badly."
"Have been on Buspar for a few months, and I like it a lot! It has made severe and paralyzing anxiety lift to a manageable level, even while taking a low dosage of 10 mg daily. My Dr. told me that I can increase the dosage, since in taking so little it doesn&#039;t rid me of anxiety completely (no med can). But I noticed that when I upped my dose my appetite came back more than I would have liked. Essentially, I think it works to strengthen my SSRI (sertraline); and I did have dizziness when I first started and felt pretty bad, but that&#039;s common for anti-anxieties and usually goes away as your body gets used to it. I do still find however after I take my morning dose (usually) with coffee I do feel a bit woozy but it usually wears off quickly."
"I take 1 mg every night and I am finally able to sleep well and wake without feeling drugged."
"In the beginning I only had a problem with itching, I kept thinking my body would get used to it &amp; it would stop.  It didn&#039;t, it only got worse. I wasn&#039;t experiencing any other severe issues, so I had planned to stay on it, but on Day 7, I noticed that I was having trouble finding my words, my vocabulary was impaired &amp; there was almost a stutter present. On Day 8 I became very nauseous &amp; decided that would be my last day. The side effects were just too much to wait it out.  Day 9, no med, my husband told me that I seemed much more relaxed and &quot;involved&quot;. I cannot wait for this itching to go completely away!
I did seem to have a little more positive attitude &amp; motivation but the side effects were too much!"
"Lunesta 3mg for me is the best I have ever taken, for almost a year and half.  Had no bad side effects. Gives you 8 hours of sleep and you do not wake up tired. Also has helped out my anxiety at night before bed. I rate it 10. I wish Lunesta would make a new pill for anxiety for during the day, and not for sleep. I&#039;m happy."
"Just had my baby 3 months ago. I&#039;ve had the Mirena for about two months now and I&#039;ve had light non-stop bleeding since it was inserted. I&#039;m losing my hair and every once in a while I get cramping. I like that I don&#039;t have to worry about birth control, but I&#039;m a little worried about the bleeding. I&#039;ve experienced mood swings and loss of sex drive."
"Overall I&#039;d say it worked for a bit. Not sure if I should have had my dosage increased when the side effects started back up, or if it was because I messed up my scheduling for taking it. It put my anxiety through the roof. More anxiety than I&#039;d ever had naturally. I got it mostly for depression/possible bipolar, and it worked for the most part until the side effects kicked in, save for the random swells of depression that wouldn&#039;t last for more than two hours but felt so much worse than the stable depression I&#039;ve had for years. I&#039;d recommend it for someone who&#039;s better at keeping appointments than I am."
"Taking metoprolol for about 6 months now started out at 175 pounds and up to 196. Can&#039;t lose the weight for nothing. Medicine works great for my blood pressure but my weight gain is awful."
"I have been on birth control for 12 years. I was on Loestrin 24 fe for almost 8 years until they got rid of it. Ever since then I haven&#039;t been able to find the right fit. I was on this for 9 months. No breakouts. EASY periods that lasted a day if that. No cramps ever. BUT I gained 8 pounds and it made my blood pressure go through the roof. It was 110/60 before I started and alllll the months I was on it, my blood pressure was 145/99 so my doctor&#039;s pulled me off of it. The second I went off it was back to normal. Not to mention this birth control KILLED my sex drive. The moment I went off is when I realized."
"After having lower stomach cramps without diarrhea for two days, I started taking this medicine morning. It has stopped the cramps and I have not had any known side effect as of yet. I took this medicine two years ago for a bad stomach flu and it saved me from laying rolled up in a ball in bed. Every adult should keep some of this medicine in their home and carry it when you travel. Thanks you for the relief!"
"I&#039;ve been taking  Quetiapine for over 15 years, I started off taking 25 mg and over the years it was increased to 1000mg a night. Recently found out that my liver is double the size and I am quite concerned. I have been lowering my dose to 450 mg a night with clonazepam and I am still sleeping. I haven&#039;t had vivid dreams but started getting panic attacks last year. To be honest I am scared of the affects of taking this medication for over 15 years, my doctors, while being concerned haven&#039;t checked my blood regularly and now I am scared to death about my liver, reviews say that I need to stop taking this drug..but it works... Please make sure that you are having regular bloodwork done every 3 months. But this is the best sleep aid out there!"
"I began taking adderrall XR generic and it has helped so much. I take 20 mg and it has helped me become so clear. I&#039;m able to hear things and pay attention at work. I only take it when I work (three times a week) and it just helps me keep myself together. No more forgetting stuff and appearing incompetent. It works for my severe adhd and I am so happy I finally have a solution. It has even calmed my anxiety. Helped me tremendously."
"My 7 year old who has had epilepsy since age 1 was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago.  We recently started him on Focalin XR as his first form of treatment.  A little afraid of the side effects because he has had severe side effects in the past from various seizure medicines, but once we found the right seizure medicine for him he&#039;s been seizure free.  Our next task was of finding an ADHD medicine that would work well with the seizure medicine -this was a bit frightening.  He&#039;s been on Focalin for about a month and it really is a wonder drug.  I have a goal in life to keep my kids off drugs, but I&#039;ve accepted that some medicines are needed in children.  This stuff is a blessing to my family and most importantly to my son."
"CHANGED me life for the BETTER! Took a little while to kick in. Better to be on this then a habit-forming or dependent medicine..you have to want to change and then this medicine will work. Life-saver! 10mg once a day for 6 months now."
"I&#039;ve been on LoSeasonique for about a year and a half. I love it. I had no major weight gain (that I can tell), hair is still thick, and when I do have a period it&#039;s very light and cramping is less severe. However, my body seems determined to have a monthly period so occasionally I have to stop for a week and allow my body to have a period to stop the spotting. I highly recommend it, however, everyone&#039;s body reacts differently to birth control so make sure you ask your doctor before making your decision. Hope this helps."
"I used to have horrible nightmares, couldn&#039;t sleep sometimes because of visions in the dark, occasional sudden bouts of intense unjustified anger, etc.  I&#039;ve been on Prozac more or less (I&#039;m not great about taking the pills) for 10 years now.  I probably average 20 mg/day over time.  If I stop taking it for several weeks, I will notice the angry spells starting to come back, etc, and that&#039;s my cue that I need to start taking it again.  It has been very helpful for me.  It&#039;s not a cure all, and maybe the highs of life are not as frequent, but they still come.  And I&#039;d rather have that and contentment than the awful lows.  No free rides, but I enjoy my friends, exercise, family, and relationships.  Overall, a Godsend for me."
"You have to keep taking this medicine forever. The withdrawl is awful after a day. However, once you find your dose everything is fine. I don&#039;t recommend this medicine because its like a marriage with a messy long divorce. Its better to stay on it once youre on it. I am on 150 mg and it works for me. Don&#039;t try and go off"
"If ever there is an award for the most irritating/embarassing illness, urticaria would (must?) definitely be a contender. Diagnosed with chronic urticaria about a month ago, and suffered immensely (redundancy at play here :). Nothing really worked, until a dermatologist prescribed Xyzal about a week ago. Told to drop all forms of medication - anti-histamines and ALL supplements, among others - and just take Xyzal. Hives acted up on first two days but have been free (almost) of hives for five days. Early days, but keeping fingers crossed that this will be a permanent solution. Will update."
"If you&#039;re using this drug for anxiety make sure you read up on it before you use it for more then an occasional anxiety-fix.  Even at the minimal dosage, using this stuff daily for even a week will cause problems.  Namely - it CAUSES anxiety.  From what I&#039;ve read this is a dependence that develops - either (or both) physical or mental. After only a few times you get accustomed to it &quot;fixing&quot; your situation.  Your body adjusts for the GABA boost, and then &quot;crashes&quot; - resulting in anxiety.  Very bad loop to get in.  Warning signs: you&#039;re counting the # hours the med will still be working (about 6 total), you&#039;re watching the clock for when you might be able to take another pill, you always carry a pill in your pocket, etc. Those are bad signs."
"Works quite well for me. No major side effects. "
"I was prescribed Cymbalta for arthritic pain in my knees. I took 30 mg/day for 3 days and was fatigued to the point of not wanting to do anything but lie down.In addition (to which I found out was a rare side effect) I was yawning all day and evening. After reading about the difficulties that some people had getting off this medicine. I stopped it after the 3 days. Unless I can be somewhat assured that the side effects are temporary I would rather live with the pain then take this medicine."
"DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION - EVER!  Should be illegal.  Went to the urgent care during the holidays w/chest congestion, cough, low grade fever, &amp; sinus headache on Monday.  Told the doctor I was starting a 8 day cruise on Thursday.  She gave me a 10 day, 750 mg tablet of Levoquin. Had a dull ache in my right side after a couple of days on the cruise, which seemed to progress every day.  When I got home, I was  favoring my right shoulder.  2 nights ago the pain was so bad I couldn&#039;t move it &amp; it was very swollen. Went to emergency and was diagnosed with Tendonitis caused by the Levoquinn.  Read drug info &amp; horrified that doctor prescribed it to me, 60 yr. old, without trying any other treatment first. So many warnings on this drug."
"If you were moody or depressed before, this pill should not be your &quot;go to&quot; pill. The bottom line is it prevents unwanted pregnancies with some positive and negative side effects. I personally, love it! I gave lost 20 plus pounds (although I am a runner), and my periods are very light."
"Like many others I took the Genomind test which told me that SSRI&#039;s were not optimal and that SNRI&#039;s were a better choice.  After 16 years and 20 different meds, I have had MUCH better success with SSRI&#039;s than SNRI&#039;s.  The test results also said that I was deficient in what Deplin could provide.  I have been taking 15mg of Deplin for almost 3 weeks now and have been experiencing some of the lowest depression that I have ever felt.  Today I woke up feeling just as miserable as I have been for the past 3 weeks so I decided not to take Deplin.  As I slumped through he morning I started to feel a wave of happiness and excitement for life come over me around 10:30am and I still feel great.  I feel like &quot;my&quot; normal self again. $60 wasted!"
"You guys seriously need to stop making people anxious about the weight gain. If you don&#039;t eat you WON&#039;T get fat. I&#039;ve been on seroquel since one and a half month and had no side effects except at first a little. When i started taking it i was checking every inch of my body on a daily basis, acting so paranoid cause of your reviews, thinking that it has some kind of a magic spell in getting people fat. I workout almost every day since I have an Endomorph kind of a body which is the worse kind. (Bad metabolism, hard to lose weight and maintaining it..). Been taking it cause i was having some very minor panic attacks, due to some stressful past events I experienced, which were preventing me from sleep All night. I take 12.5mg most of the time."
"I absolutely love this medication! The trick I have found is to take it right before bed, then you can avoid the upset stomach and nausea.  I know it says to take with food but I have been on this for over a year and it has been working great for me."
"Much more effective than Cipro."
"Doesn&#039;t taste great but it&#039;s not that bad - trust me, compared to Golytely this stuff is like fine wine.  Good part is that there isn&#039;t much of it. Other preps make you drink like a gallon of horrid stuff."
"Side effects lightheadedness and tired"
"I had used Armour Thyroid 5yrs. ago. I had bowl surgery, which really messed my whole body up. I stopped it. Now, I started Armour Thyroid back up, seems, I cannot be without it. I got sick, and continue to do so, if I cannot get this medication. I get more sick, if I get synthroid, and the other thyroid meds. However, with Armour Thyroid, It already has the t3 and t4 for me, so my body will not break down the synthroid or other thyroid meds, as with Armour Thyroid, its a God send.  Now, I got a pharmacy thats using a compound to make my 30mg for me in a capsule format. I feel I need my 60mg back as I was on 5yrs. ago. I feel the capsules compound isnt right or not as strong, seems I need more to make me feel better."
"Took Levaquin for 4 days after a week of amoxicillin did not help spider bite. Last night broke out in severe hives. Now taking steroids to counteract the antibiotic. Only reason I rated what I did is because spider bite is much better"
"I&#039;ve been taking Buspar for a month, following a period of elevating anxiety that was turning my life into a joyless state of constant worry and anxious, obsessive, unhelpful thoughts.  My psychiatrist warned it would take 4-6 weeks to notice any improvement - I noticed significant improvement within *hours* of pill #1 with minor and bearable side effects.  At other low periods, I was medicated for depression without benefit, and sometimes terrible side effects (Prozac: auditory hallucinations; Celexa: crazy hot flashes). Unfortunately I seem to be noticing decreasing benefit. I have been taking just 7.5 mg/day so today I doubled to the full 15mg I was prescribed.  Hope it works!  This medicine has given me real hope."
"I have suffered from severe anxiety and panic attacks for almost 13 years. Literally every day I was anxious from the time I woke up until I went to bed. Racing thoughts, constant anxiety, and at one point would hardly go out in public fearing a panic attack. Zoloft has changed my life COMPLETELY!! No more racing thoughts or anxiety!! Feeling like a normal person again and actually enjoying life and even laughing! Took two months to start feeling full results. Main side effect was sleeping all the time and loss of appetite. Highly recommend!!"
"I find that this medication is unable to relieve my severe back and neck pain. Not only that, I now have severe migraines with use of Hyslinga.
I feel that more research was needed before releasing it. I cannot handle increased pain which it had caused asking with dizziness and fatigue."
"I have currently been on prozac for the past 4 months and it has been a miracle drug. I was having severe anxiety and panic attacks every day. I couldn&#039;t drive a car by myself for fear of having a panic attack and losing control, I couldn&#039;t go ANYWHERE by myself and I could not stay home alone. I am a 22 year old female and once I turned 21, I developed debilitating anxiety. I tried zoloft and lexapro and both drugs made my anxiety and panic attacks sky rocket. Before starting prozac, I was a mess. My anxiety prevented me from functioning. I could barely even go to class or work without having a panic attack. I am currently taking 30mg of prozac and I am doing so much better, it is amazing!"
"I have tried a lot of medication for restless legs syndrome and tramadol is the only thing that gives me relief."
"My husband was diagnosed with non small cell lung cancer in October 2012.  He had surgery to remove 1/3 of his lung, chemo and radiation. In July 2013 had a double by pass surgery.  July 2014, it matastised to the brain.  Gamma knife shrunk the 2 tumors  In September 2014 started another round of chemo, but 2 months later he had a TIA, they took him off the chemo.  In September 2016 started Opdivo.  Doing well no new tumors in the lungs or brain.  Side effects are severe tiredness, sleeps all the time, body aches, depression.  His quality of life is very bad .  The depression really worries me.  Has any one else been dealing with depression and severe mood swings on this drug?"
"Zoloft is a miracle. I was having panic attacks and anxiety and since taking them I feel so much better .I can sleep at night and wake up refreshed and feel I could climb a mountain. Truly a wonderful medicine."
"I&#039;m extremley over weight with many many health issues so my doctor put me on belviq a couple of days ago. 10mg 2xday, so far it is going well. I noticed I&#039;m no longer craving sweets like I was. Here it is late night and have absolutely no desire to eat or snack. I used to be hungry all the time...this medicine seems to be working, also my insurance did not cover it so my doctor just sent in an override so my cost was $0. I&#039;m also in the 6 month  process of getting approved for gastric bypass surgery so looking foward to seeing how much weight comes off in a month."
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil since I was 19. I am now 34. This medication has saved my life. I have read a ton of negative comments about Paxil and I truly believe it is not for everyone. It either works great or not. For me life before Paxil was horribly scary. I had massive panic disorder and was sheltered in my home all the time. I used to struggle with a few of the side effects of Paxil such as decreased sex drive and the feeling of nausea. However I have learned over the last 15 years of being on it, how to change the side effects through other positive reinforcements such as meditation and positive thinking. I no longer have the side effects. Perhaps 15 year has helped with that too. I stayed on Paxil when I had all three of my children."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 8 months now &amp; really like it.  I take a combination of Buspirone &amp; Mirtazapine which keeps me level with no anxiety.  My racing thoughts are gone.  I was waking up all night every hour with racing thoughts.  Now I&#039;m able to sleep &amp; have a calm mind both while waking &amp; sleeping.  One thing I do notice is that it gives me the munchies for sweets.  I&#039;m working to curb that with healthy snacks instead.  Sometimes it does make me slightly light headed, but to me that&#039;s a relaxing feeling that helps me stay calm.  I&#039;m able to stay focused and am doing better on my job &amp; in my personal life than ever before.  I really love this medication &amp; give it a thumbs up for anxiety!"
"I had a bad smell it got embarrassing so my friend and I went to the Er and I was already embarrassed because I felt like people assumed the loud stinky smelled came from me.. And they was right I felt embarrassed I did everything to make the smell go away nothing work I waited so long in the er after taking a peeing test I assumed that they made me wait 3 hold hours because of the smell I had so unfortunately I waited so long that I got up in left couple of weeks after they had gave me a call from the hospital to tell me what I already knew that I had in Bv infection in inflammatory diease which gave me a smell as to something dead walking... I took the med I only was prescribed 2 take 4just the hold day those4 pills helped a lot"
"This is a very old, and very under-rated pain medicine with very few side effects.  It has been the wonder drug for me!"
"I have been on prozac now for a while as I suffer from ocd and ptsd also. I feel as if it has made me crazier, if thats possible. Some days I can&#039;t stop twitching, feel full of energy and experience nausea. Other days my bones hurt, I feel not fully awake and just odd. Keeping in mind that daily, I have a high levels of caffeine and smoke marijuana. and not daily, but weekly I drink quite a bit of alcohol. I have noticed alcohol and prozac really don&#039;t mix. but nevertheless, I am still taking 20mg daily (which i do not think is enough) but then some days I want to stop taking it altogether? I do not although prozac doses shouldn&#039;t be skipped but evidently the only words I can use to describe this drug is odd and weird and idk???! uuGh"
"My daughter has been using this for the past 10 days for her chest/back acne and it is fantastic.  It&#039;s easy to apply and about 90% of her acne is gone.  The only thing concern I have is that her chest area is very red and the skin seems dried out. I would highly recommend this medicine."
"I suffer with several disc herniations and bulges from a automobile accident. I also have bone spurs on one of my vertebrae. Due to the workers comp case and doctors over prescirbing oxycodone which is the only pain meds out of almost 40 tried that helps my pain. They prescribed cymbalta to replace my oxycodone. They have cut my dosage in half and gave me cymbalta which I took for the first time They think oxycodone is such a bad drug? Taking cymbalta I was so high and hyper my heart beating out of my chest skin crawling and did nothing for pain and I really thought I was going to die.  If I drove I probably would have killed some one. I never felt anything except pain relief from oxycodone???"
"My son is 12 and has been on this medication for about a year. His grades are very good and he is able to focus so much more than he ever did before. He started on the lowest dose and is now taking 36 mg. However, his anxiety is getting so bad it&#039;s almost scary. He is so nervous to do so many things he ends up vomiting almost once a week. He would rather be home with his parents than be with his friends and he wouldn&#039;t dare spend the night at someone elses house(even family members). I love that this medicine has helped him so much, but I think it is also causing a lot of problems within him."
"Had a nervous breakdown years ago after coming off steroids. I was agitated, angry and so anxious I could not function, I did not want to do anything, I&#039;d stay in my room and hide away due to strong feelings of anxiety! Diazepam allowed me to be able to leave the house, interact with friends and family who I would have avoided, go grocery shopping and cope in large crowds! Wonderful drug and remember, theres use and theres abuse..."
"I know your here Reading this to see if it really works and YES it  WORKS Well it was my birthday and me and my friend went off messing around and well then this happened that he finished in me and I well am not ready at all to be a mom neither him to be a dad so we went to a pharmacy 5hours after the happening and yes it&#039;s pretty expensive but it&#039;s worth it at the end. So anyways I took it five hours after the accident  it was really nerve wrecking  so then  the next day I felt nauseous and well major headaches through out but nothing unbearable you&#039;ll get cramps here and their it&#039;s been exactly a week from the deed and I got my period finally and well never been anymore happy for my period"
"After being diagnosed with CML about 4 years ago. I began taking Gleevec 400 daily. First couple months were most difficult. I personally was nauseous and had diarrhea.  Things seemed to settle down. I now have swelling in the face, especially in the eye area, in turn creates migraines which now are controlled by medicines. I also still have the occasional diarrhea bouts. I am thankful for Gleevec as my BCR able has been less than 01% pretty much Full Remission. "
"Smoked for 35 years, quit for a year once and was miserable. Have been taking Zyban/Wellbutrin for depression for 12 years and still smoked. Started Chantix 4/21/09 smoked a few in the first weeks but they made me gag. Still went through a little nicotine withdrawal the first week but very mild compared to the other times I&#039;ve quit. Still occasionally think about smoking but just a habit, not craving. No nausea or nightmares but an amazing amount of gas, a fair bit of constipation, and a little foggy. But side effects are nothing compared to how bad cigarettes were making me feel. Actually, fewer headaches than before quitting. If I can keep this up after stopping Chantix, it will be the best thing to happen for me in a very, very long time."
"Short term memory dysfunction and concentration problems."
"Took torsemide  made me have diarrhea &amp; low out put of urine,The short version it did not work and it made me very sick."
"I have been on this for many years.  The only side effect I had was dryness. When I went off it my face and neck broke out and I developed an ovarian cyst.  I&#039;m back on it."
"I had my first injection about 2 months ago. Dr.s start at a low dose. It helped for 6 weeks. Although I still had some spasms, they didn&#039;t last as long, and were less frequent. Now, after two months they are getting bad again. So I will have a second injection in a month."
"I was prescribed Contrav yesterday and just took a pill about three hours ago. I started feeling nauseous an hour ago and literally as I was reading these reviews, I threw up all of my insides it felt like. Cleaned myself up and now im writing my own review. I will definitely try again tomorrow with these pills in perception of maybe this is just day one reaction. However, if the same nauseousness occurs on day 2 then I&#039;m done. Can&#039;t afford to be sick with the schedule that I have. Pros are, it definitely suppresses my thought of hunger."
"I have suffered with migraines for over 40 years.  I have even gone so far as having my ovaries removed to help with them.  Although it helped I am still on daily medication and I still have approximately 6 migraines a month.  I take zomig nasal spray when I get these annoyances. I classify them as annoyances because once I use the nasal spray the migraine will be 90-95% better in 15 minutes and completely gone in an hour.  The only side effects I have had is my skin becomes very sensitive...almost as if I have bruises all over my body just under my skin, I am also tired.  A 30-45 minute nap cures the tiredness."
"It works great as long as you eat less and exercise. Drink lots of water. It&#039;s not a miracle pill, you need to exercise and eat right or you will put the weight back on."
"I have had the Nexplanon since October 2015 and I absolutely love it. There seem to be far more horror stories than good experiences, but it has been great for me. I have only bled for about a week, this was the week after having it implanted. I have occasional spotting but it is very, very light. I can&#039;t blame mood swings on the Nexplanon because I have had Bipolar the entirety of my life. I used to have terrible cramps monthly and now I have none. I did gain about 4 pounds but I barely noticed. I have not been hungrier since getting it and I&#039;ve been a lot happier. I have had a much better sex life with my boyfriend since getting it and I hope this continues. I think this method of birth control is different for every person."
"I got the IUD Mirena is almost two months. I experience cramps for a week, I been spotting almost every day it seems it doesn&#039;t want to stop some days is heavy and other days is lighter.
 My sex drive has stop. My orgasm is not happening like before. My husband feels the strings during intercourse. I don&#039;t recommend it. I want  it out but  I guess it is how contraceptive works your protected from getting pregnant but it doesn&#039;t help your sex life."
"Every couple of months, I get an upset stomach due to stress. I get a crampy stomach, full stomach sensation and irregular stools. Bentyl is gentle and just calms everything down. You don&#039;t really notice it working. The symptoms just fade off. I would say it is not helpful for nausea. In that case, I find that old liquid Pepto Bismol is the most effective."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months and I really like it. The first month I had some breakthrough bleeding but that has gone away. Now I have no periods at all, which I don&#039;t mind. No weight gain or bloating. I have had some acne, but it is minimal. It is worth the $45/month I am paying."
"I&#039;m 19 weeks pregnant and got prescribed this for a YI after taking antibiotics. After inserting I immediately felt better unlike Monistat 3 made me burn I wanted to cry. The only thing about this monistat is I wake up a little itchy but I think it&#039;s because the cream is coming out. Definitely would use again."
"This is the first and only birth control I&#039;ve used so I can&#039;t really compare it to anything else. However, my periods are lighter on Leverage but I do get worse cramps. For the first couples months taking it, my breasts were tender but that went away. Levora also caused me to have acne all the time. It&#039;s effective and has little side effects, but there might be something better."
"I have been taking Effexor since it first came out.  It is the only drug that has helped me, life has been good."
"Librium was prescribed to me when I came in for help with opiate withdrawal.  The drug calmed me down and helped with some of the withdrawal symptoms though I&#039;m not sure how because the chemical makeup of librium and other drugs used to aid in opiate withdrawal are completely different.  Whatever happened it helped.  Thanks doctor."
"I&#039;m on 4 pills a day now. I have lost 8 pounds. No nightime hungriness like when I took Qsymia. I fell weirdly happy all day. I&#039;m generally a happy person anyway but I&#039;m practically giddy about life now. I still enjoy a beer once in awhile but never craved it anyway so this is unchanged. I get hungry in the mid morning but my body needs calories at that time anyway. The only side effect seemed to be loose stools at first. So far I am thrilled. Hoping for continued success!!! I&#039;d like to lose 30 more!"
"I was put on Seroquel for severe anxiety and suspected bipolar.  Let me begin with this.  Do not EVER TAKE THIS IF YOU HAVE ASTHMA.  You know that horrible drying effect that many antihistamines have resulting in asthma attacks?  This is much worse.  I started out with an 8th of a tablet (12.5mg).  This gave me a calm,  sleepy feeling that would put me to sleep for bed and would last until roughly 5pm the next day.  But when I upped the dose to 37.2mg I had a really bad asthma attack, heart pounding and my ears rang which lasted 2 weeks after I discontinued the med.  Not a pleasant experience for someone with severe anxiety.  Be very cautious.  Up the dosage more slowly than the MD recommends. I was to start 50mg/night"
"My experience is that I have had cold sores ONLY on my lips from age 6 to 35. I agreed to a 1st date...bam! I felt it. That is the key; take meds once 1st felt.
I have no medical knowledge except I know what my body tolerates and what has been successful which may not be your best bet but be safe careful and consult you Dr b4 any treatment plan. 
1. break up your pills in half for immediate absorbtion take 800mg every 2 hours to slam your system to alert it there&#039;s an issue and send in a 2nd round of 800 within 1st 4 hours
2. continue 800 for 2 days every 4 hours
3. apply Abreva or similar product on the sore at first sensation, while taking the meds so you are attacking the infection from inside (meds) and externally (creme on sore)
4 days"
"Horrible bleeding after getting fixed so I would no longer require birth control. Right after surgery they said if bleed and I did but now almost 4 months later I&#039;m still bleeding. And the doctors say this is normal! I&#039;m cramping and my sex life has been ruined because of this drug it&#039;s made me not even care to even have sex or even want it at all. This is the worst decision I&#039;ve made besides an arm implant for birth control.(implanon) it cause me to have such a high blood pressure I lost my job because they were afraid id have a heart attack and not be able to help someone as a lifeguard."
"After being on numerous medications over the years, my doctor decided to try me on Pristiq. I started on 50 mg once daily and took it for about a month. I had headaches almost daily within that time and it increased my blood pressure, I felt like it wasn&#039;t making any changes in my mood or anxiety. Around the 6th week everything went downhill. Fits of crying and rage, anxiety came back worse than before, I had the worst migraines I&#039;d ever experienced, diarrhea no matter what I ate or drank, severe abdominal pain, and also chills pretty much all of the time. I called my doctor right away because I was becoming very scary and feeling awful. Definitely not a medicine for me!"
"Been on this pill for numerous years. Overall have had no problems. Decreased the intensity and length of my periods which is great. Sex drive could use some help.  Never get cramps, headaches have subsided (maybe pill related or due to my age)."
"I hope that the FDA is reviewing &amp; testing Tirosint.  

Thought I was going to die after only taking a low dose of Tirosint for a few days.  

Chest pains, extreme disorientation, very sick, could not stop crying.  The hospital did not know what to do.  My pharmacist suggested drinking lots of water to get it out of me, which I did. 

Nightmare experience!!!"
"20 y/o female, prescribed 50mg for major depressive disorder, social anxiety, and just overall generalized anxiety. Been on 50mg for 3 months now. Side effects were minor which consisted of insomnia, loss of appetite, and nausea.. though they subsided within the first few weeks and I now experience none. I love Zoloft! I can live again! I&#039;m laughing and going out with friends, not laying in bed all day. I can finally breath, my surroundings seem so much brighter, I don&#039;t harbor hate anymore, I&#039;m me again...More ambitious and creative like I was before I fell into this self destructive path of depression two years ago. I no longer have the desire to self medicate with drugs and alcohol. I wish I got on Zoloft a long time ago."
"I developed depression when I was 14 after being bullied at school for some time. I decided that I had enough of all the crying and suicidal thoughts just before my 16th. My doctor put me on Zoloft April 2014, which gave me urinary retention. He swapped me to another one which I can&#039;t remember the name of, but I had a terrible allergic reaction to it. Finally, I was put on Effexor for 6 months until I was ready to come off them in October 2014. I experienced no depression for a few months, until I became stressed with school. Started Effexor again April 2015, and will continue on it because it works very, very well on me. At first I experienced a little bit of nausea with Effexor, but it passes after a couple of weeks then it&#039;s perfect!"
"Luvox is fantastic - My Dr put me on it first up, I didn&#039;t try any other medicines, and I&#039;ve been on it for over a year now, and have happily lived almost symptom free. The only thing is when I miss it one or two nights I become a bit of a mess, crying and feeling anxious. Also, I&#039;m starting to feel a bit of depression which is odd for me, but I think it will just be a matter of lowering the dose - It was so bad I was on 300mg and 2mg of Risperidone, but now down to 300mg Luvox only, but perhaps should try going down to 200mg to see if the motivation comes back."
"I took this for 10 days for CDIFF, had a relapse.  
Then I went on a long taper dose for nearly 3 months.  During that time I had alot of abdominal pain, ended up in the ER.  Did not feel well the entire time but after 10 months of CDIFF, I was cured"
"I&#039;ve been on sronyx for about 3 years, at first my doctor&#039;s didn&#039;t know what was wrong with me because I grow hair in places I shouldn&#039;t. They thought birth control would help with my cycle and to slow down the hair growth but it hasn&#039;t. I now have high blood pressure and severe headaches but yet I keep taking this pill in hopes it would help. I haven&#039;t had a period in at least 2 years, I used to take a name brand and it did give me regular periods."
"I took Contrave for 2 weeks but didn&#039;t lose any weight, it did help with some of my cravings and I felt like I was eating a lot less food. It made me feel Tipsy and felt like it was affecting my memory. I can&#039;t believe that people are loosing all this weight and I&#039;m still at my start weight. What am I doing wrong???"
"I have atrial fibrillation - beats to 180 very irregular beat, converted in 45 minutes in ER. Started me on Toprol 25 once a day. Heart rate now around 60-70, blood PSI 120/70 side effects so far include problems sleeping, restlessness also drowsy on and off. Only been taking this drug for a week now, perhaps the side effects will reduce in time."
"Works for me.  I do have vivid dreams nothing scary some wonderful but does make me sick.  Should be prescribed with weight management medication I hope I am not replacing 1 vice for another."
"Initially this medicine seemed to work well for me and it made me feel good...so to speak. But all of a sudden , and I do believe it was Wellbutrin XL, I started tripping the f out....I had dreams that were almost real full of insane anxiety, like the inside of my body was shaking and i could feel my teeth make a noise bumping together super fast....I was having imaginations of people above me using dangerous weapons on me through the ceiling and I was not to move out of my bed like I was tied down there forever. I had the most insane trips ever...I had dreams where I had to act certain ways or I was to be punished, it was truly insane... one time I was in my room and I swore I heard rap music and gangsters outside and no one was outside."
"I started having anxiety in April 2012 and after trying Lexapro which started giving me panic attacks (side effect) I stopped taking that and started Celexa (generic brand) 33 days ago. The first 2 weeks I had horrible nausea. I was very, very sleepy and dizzy occasionally with my anxiety worse then ever. After more than 3 weeks. I have had none of those symptoms besides being more tired then I should be. My anxiety is also GONE! Haven&#039;t had any panic attacks. The only downfall now is horrible headaches. I&#039;m going to stick with this because it seems to be working &amp; headed in the right direction."
"I&#039;m a 26 yrs old who took yaz for only 3 months. At first, it seemed to work just fine.. no side effects and it even helped improving my pms. Shockingly, i got massive iliofemoral deep venous thrombosis after only 3 months!!!! Now i have completely clogged major veins in one limb and bed ridden at the age of 26, bearing in mind that i&#039;m a healthy fit person without any underlying cause of thrombosis. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this drug to anybody."
"I have been on this twice now. The first time was for three months. I had this weird constant brown discharge, kind of like normal white ovulation discharge, the entire time. Constantly had to change my underware or use a lot of tiny pads a day. My boobs grew an extra size, they are already too big for me to be able to buy bras without tailoring them. I was constantly sick. I rarely was able to get out of bed. It did keep me on a strict period schedule and took most of my severe cramps and bleeding away, which was amazing. It made me have horrible migraines, so I stopped after the third month. Its been four months and I started back up again but this time I just have acne flare up and have to eat every few hours. Kind of iffy though..."
"So far I have been using this birth control for 1 month 2 weeks now. This is my first birth control. I&#039;m 21 and ever since my period (before birth control) I&#039;ve had bad crapping, vomiting sometimes, and nausea. Also I had irregular periods that last 10 days sometimes more. Now with this birth control I have regular periods (along with the help of iron pills prescribed by my obgyn) . I have no breakouts. No throwing up nothing. Did have slight headaches in the first week of use but it&#039;s gone now and NO BABIES.. (don&#039;t drink or smoke)."
"I started this pill about a year ago. I was on a couple other birth control pills before. This pill made me gain a bunch of weight, frequent breast pain, and horrible cramps. My emotions are always out of control. I eat healthy and workout at least three days a week and shouldn&#039;t be gaining all of this weight. The bloating when on my period has gotten dramatically worse. I would recommend not taking this pill. I am in the process of getting a different pill."
"I had a 3-day course of Azithromycin (Z-Pack) to stop a case of Bronchitis, and it worked. Unfortunately, the bacteria (I think) got into my inner ear. Now I am starting a 5-day course (at my request) for the earache. If these drugs don&#039;t work it&#039;s often not the fault of the drug itself, but of the misuse by previous patients and/or doctors, leading to drug-resistant bacterium.  Note: I resist taking drugs until my immune system seems not to be working."
"I rushed into getting an IUD. Didn&#039;t do enough research. I spoke to a few people who have IUDs and they love them. Well, I hate mine. It was the worst pain I&#039;ve ever felt when I got it inserted. I&#039;ve had it for about a month now and I haven&#039;t stopped spotting or bleeding since I got it. I have random cramps and back pains. I feel bloated and I have major mood swings. I have my monthly follow up appointment tomorrow and I&#039;m thinking about having it removed, depending on what my doctor says."
"I had the Paragard inserted approximately two and a half years ago. Unfortunately, I&#039;ve always had severe cramping and heavy periods. So, when my doctor explained that the IUD would cause cramping and heavier bleeding, I thought &quot;it can&#039;t be any worse then what I&#039;m experiencing now&quot;. But I was wrong... Not only was I having heavy bleeding during my period, but I started to spot between periods. In addition to the spotting, I would have cramping throughout the ENTIRE month! The pain was exhausting me. I knew something was wrong. I called my gyne and asked to have it removed in hopes that i can return to my &quot;normal&quot;. When she inserted the speculum today, she said she could see the tip of the IUD in my cervix... aka, my body was rejecting it."
"I had Mirena put in about 3 weeks ago and it was not  painful at all. My only concern is that I&#039;ve been bleeding for 3 weeks and I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s normal. This is my second time having it put in and I don&#039;t remember bleeding this much the first time but I guess it&#039;s different every time. I would definitely recommend it. "
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for almost 3 years now, and never had one side effect or anything but relief. I get severe headaches and ontop of that, stomach/intestional infections frequently. This is the only medicine that helps with the vomiting and nausea. And believe me, I&#039;ve taken EVERYTHING in between when dealing with my issues. Reading all these comments about everyone&#039;s bad reactions is really surprising to me. I guess it affects everyone differently sometimes."
"I have been taking this birth control for about 7 months now.  Overall it is a very.  It took me about a month to get used to it and I had 4 or 5 months after that, that were excellent.  Some people would get spotting when they were even a half hour late taking this, I had no problem whatsoever when I&#039;d take it late.  In the last couple of months, however, I have been having a period every 2 weeks.  Sometimes the second one would be more spotting than bleeding, but still very annoying.  Also, I have gone up 2 cups sizes since taking this medication.  No real noticeable weight gain otherwise, just much larger breasts! "
"I have been on Contrave for 5 weeks now, started at 360lbs when I went to the Dr. to get it prescribed and weighed in at 328 this morning, so down 32lbs. Contrave is not a magic pill, unfortunately no such thing exists or none of us would be overweight or obese. However, what I feel it did for me was give me motivation, which is exactly what my Dr. told me it would help do. I haven&#039;t been this razor focused on eating clean, lifting heavy and doing cardio in over 10 years. Paired with morning fasted cardio, clean diet of 5 meals a day high protien/moderate fat/low-moderate carb, and 5x a week of weight lifting, Contrave can be an amazing boost and the edge you need to actually want to stick with it. I have had zero side effects. Stay focused"
"I have been on a lot of this type of medication.  Benicar almost did me in and I was traveling far from home.  Different doctors have prescribed a lot of different meds.  I cannot take this type of pill.  I almost become crippled with chlorthalidone.  It weakens my knees and legs and ankles.  I am a type II diabetic on insulin.  My morning glucose tests run between 230 and 246.  "
"Cymbalta worked somewhat on my obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety and depression better than other medicines. However, I felt like I couldn&#039;t do much. I had zero energy even though I took my dose (60mgs) at night. It became too tiring to even make myself something to eat. I did not want to go anywhere or do anything because I didn&#039;t have the energy. 
At higher doses (90 mgs), I had stomach upset and pains if I did not take my dose with food. I would also have diarrhea/loose stools at the higher dose. 
Sexual side effects were decreased interest and desire in sex. Could be attributed to just not having the energy to enjoy it. 
It did help with my OCD and lowered my anxiety but did not help my depression."
"Took 1 ducolax 5mg. I always say I&#039;m never taking this stuff again! It works, but I feel as if it is not worth the pain and the overall feeling you get from it. Yes it does warn you on the back of the box what can happen, but I would recommend something else for sure! This is harsh!"
"I&#039;ve been on this birthcontrol for 3 weeks and I feel sick all the time and nausea after I eat. I have had spotting for 2 weeks nonstop and I have not felt like myself since taking this. I also was very bloated the second week after taking Estarylla. I&#039;ve been very anxious and feel fatigued and have no appetite at all. Do not take this birthcontrol I&#039;m not sure how good it works with preventing pregnancy but it&#039;s definitely not worth all the side effects that come with it."
"The leg aches were the worse I have ever had and even went into my hips!  I can&#039;t even sleep they are so bad!"
"I have weened off of Effexor 150mg and 75 mg over the past 3 weeks. I started Cymbalta 30 mg 2 days ago and was still have horrible adverse effects coming off of the Effexor. Effexor worked great for my anxiety and severe PMDD, but was making me extremely sluggish. I have also had chronic back pain for the past 7 years and my doctor wanted to switch me to Cymbalta. Well, the transition/withdrawal has been terrible. A lot if crying and panicking for no reason, crawling skin, etc. I took one Vistaril, and found it very helpful.  My Dr. has prescribed Vistaril 25-50 mg every 6 hours as needed. Has been a God send to help my anxiety during this transition. It also has been very helpful for my sons anxiety as well."
"I have been taking vyvanese for about 21 months. I have been taking 30 mg and will not up it. I am 63 and sought help after reading some blogs about older adults taking this to help focus and have more energy. I have never really taken any medication my whole life. I take it mainly on work days and if off or on vacation I generally don&#039;t take it. On this blog it sounds like a lot users have other issues. Anyways this medication has worked wonders for me, makes me more sociable, happy and able to continue concentrate. I work as an engineer. I follow my doctors recommendation in taking it first thing in the morning with food. It generally wears off about 4-5 pm, no sleep problem. I highly recommend for older adults but keep dose low."
"I was in a horrid motorcycle accident and ended up having to take almost 8 10mg Norco a day to feel good/normal. I went to a doctor who told me the Norcos were causing the pain now and I needed to get off. Skeptical but hopeful I tried the doc&#039;s plan. First 3 days I was on Subutex which I started as soon as my withdrawals started and it took 2 pills before my withdrawals stopped after about 10 minutes. I continued on that dose for 2 more days and then started Suboxone strips and after about 6 months my doc switched me to Zubsolv. I cut down Zubsolv, as tolerable, from 2 pills a day to a quarter pill then quit. 4 days later I think I&#039;m feeling a lot better but I still need more time to normalize. Hope this helps!"
"My doctor prescribed Pristiq 6 months ago for major depressive disorder with anxiety. I have been on several different antidepressants but this one took the longest to work. It took 6 weeks. I was nauseated for the first month. It finally started working and I felt less depressed but lately I am very moody and irritable. Sometimes all I want to do is stay in bed and at other times I&#039;m up all night (like now - it&#039;s 3:55am). Can&#039;t take this any more. Good luck."
"I have been battling with hives on and off for almost 15 years. I went to see my local allergist and he said if antihistamines are not working, change your lifestyle such as diet, hair products etc. I gave hope and one day I started looking again as my hives were out of control. Got a second opinion from another allergist and he put me on Xolair. I have received my first shot last week and I haven&#039;t had any hives since then. My face is clear and knock on wood hope it stays this way. Such a relief. If you have tried everything and nothing has worked which was my situation, give xolair a shot. Its expensive if you don&#039;t have insurance but if you do have insurance, I would suggest giving a try."
"I have been taking 30mg of Vyvanse for one week now. It works great. The first day I could really feel the amphetamine and found it too strong and unpleasant but on day 2 I did not feel bad from it. It lasts long, probably 12-14 hours and is very smooth. The crash is relatively mild.
Previously I have been on dexamphetamine IR 3x10mg/day for one month which worked really well, but I wanted something that is sustained released. Before that I was on Ritalin IR and LA for over 15 years. The Methylphenidate just did not work as well as it used to and I found the side effects more and more unpleasant. 
I can really recommend Vyvanse so far. I am really calm from it and can focus very well on tasks. It also has less cardiac side effects than others."
"This is a life saver for me and I have tried just about every type of Opioid out there. Sweating was the only issue but that went away after my first week of taking the medication. I would highly recommend it to any one with chronic pain."
"I quit smoking using the patch and was smoke free for almost 12 years - I picked one up under an extreme amount of stress and eventually worked my way up to a pack a day - I was able to quit for a while with Chantix.. but I found after I stopping Chantix, I wasn&#039;t able to fight the urges and smoked again. In the past I would stop taking Chantix after I found out I was forgetting to take it and figured I was all set. Today is day 28 of taking Chantix again - 21 days smoke free. 
I found right away that I had to eat prior to taking Chantix to avoid stomach issues. The vivid dreams I am experiencing are &#039;awesome&#039; yes, I am pretty odd...but I love to read horror books and and nightmares are a bonus to me."
"When I was a teenager I suffered from terrible acne and scars.  I was put on Accutane and while I was quite moody, it was totally worth it because when I was done my skin was flawless.  I was never happier.  My skin stayed this way for years until my doctor informed me that the hormone changes during pregnancy were probably the cause for my acne resurfacing.  My birth control was helping. It wasn&#039;t until I got a blood clot in my chest and was told I could never take birth control again that it got worse.  I never realized how much the birth control was helping.  My skin got so bad I never wanted to leave the house.  I am going back on Accutane in a few days and praying I get the same results I did 15 years ago."
"I have been suffering from Post Concussion Syndrome for 10 months. I was a prisoner in my own house and lived like I was 80 and I am only 43. I had to stop working, driving and going anywhere that I had to stand or walk. Last week, I went to a new Neurosurgeon and he prescribed Fioricet. I take 2 tablets every 4 hours, but as soon as it gets close to that 4 hr mark the pain comes right back. Luckily, it only takes about 15-20 mins before it kicks in. I called my Dr today and said I love this medicine. I finally feel like I am claiming my life back again. My only worry is that I am going to have to stay on this medicine for the rest of my life. "
"Love this pill. All birth control pills cause side effects but this one is the best for me. A nice plus was fuller breasts."
"I have been dealing with acne for a little over a year now. When I was 19 I randomly started to break out worse than I ever had my whole life. I think it was a combination of changing hormones and stress that caused it. Bottom line: I was desperate to return to the normal complexion I had growing up. I tried many different ways of treating it, but when I went on minocycline my face cleared up within 3 days. Yes, it had gotten slightly better with the birth control, so I don&#039;t know how well this will treat severe acne, but it definitely treated my close-to-severe acne. Your acne might need to be treated on the inside as well as the outside."
"I got the nexplanon about 6 months ago. My doctor warned me about irregular periods  but I didn&#039;t think it would be a big deal. My insertion went well, I had minimal pain and only a little mark. My side effects were a little weird at first but normalized. Everything was great first couple months. What I don&#039;t like is my weight gain, and my period was just too irregular. I feel like I have always had a healthy menstrual and the flow is completely off, sometimes it&#039;s 4 days  and right now it&#039;s been 2 weeks and is getting heavier. I&#039;m hoping to have it removed within a couple of months and try something that will give me consistency."
"I had the Implanon inserted in August 2011. I like that I cannot get pregnant, my mood swings are just a little acting up and my eating habits are just the same. I&#039;ve gained just a little bit of weight, but nothing the gym can help with. The only irritating thing I have going on right is that I&#039;ve been bleeding since it was inserted. It&#039;s not heavy but light bleeding where it last for about a week. No cramping no crazy mood swings, like my doctor said everybody is different. You may bleed often or not bleed at all."
"I have seasonal allergy since the age of 11, and have tried everthing on the market. Only Periactin has helped."
"On Day 1.  Felt a little out of it but some how relaxed.  I&#039;ve yawned most of the day and woke up promptly after 8 hours of sleep.  Glad I will be able to make it to work on time.  A little ringing in the ears.  Otherwise so far so good.  I&#039;ve been afraid of SSRIs for sometime now.  Had a manic spell with Effexor (SNRI) a few years back.  Doc ramped me up on Lamictal first just in case.  Doxepin to sleep as needed."
"Woke up the other morning in tears not able to breathe. I did two breathing treatments and still very little relief. Went to ER and was prescribed this and I kid you not by the next morning after taking the 6, I felt 100% better. I am choking on a lot of mucus but I guess that&#039;s because it&#039;s being broken up now. This is the greatest medication I have taken in a while. It truly worked wonders. My hands are very itchy but I don&#039;t even care! I can breathe!!"
"Hey ladies I know what u going through I&#039;ve been on my period since July 16th and here it September 8th. I will not be get my second shot in couple days. If I knew it make u bleed this long I would never got it in the first place"
"I don&#039;t care what most say, this is the best pain reliever I have ever had for my chronic pain. No other medicine works like this does. Only problems I ever had with it was the one time I ran out a day early and I had some withdrawals so yes it will give you withdrawals but if you are taking the right amount and doing what you are supposed to, and have a good doctor, that won&#039;t be a problem. This is a great drug for people that follow directions and are in severe pain.  After a year or so, you will get too used to it, that&#039;s when you go on something else for a week or bare the pain and take ibuprofen and then when the week is up it will work again.  That&#039;s how great this drug is, it works again in a few days!"
"Medicaid covers this! I&#039;m ending week 3 on Viibryd - 2 weeks on 10mg, finishing 1st week on 20mg. 
Had lots of tummy trouble after 1st dose (diarrhea, slight nausea, lots of bloating &amp; gas), but it has lessened, but not good yet.  
I take it with lunch. (Also on Synthroid - empty stomach in morning, Wellbutrin -450/day x 10  yrs) 
Main other side effects: a bit more anxiety, electric-zappy/restless legs in the evening (getting better), other muscle twitches at first, trouble getting to sleep (worse after dosing up to 20mg). I do feel a little more energy and a little more positive. Not interested in food during the day after taking Viibryd, mostly due to upset tummy.  I get HUGE cravings for sweets in the evening (must be after it wears off)."
"5 years"
"In my opinion this drug is a straight up enabler and the reason I say that is because it allows people to not feel pain from withdrawal. Its kinda like when you burn your self you learn to stay away from fire.  Long time use of this drug is very stupid I personally think it&#039;s bad on your body and the withdrawal is 2 to 3 weeks which really sucks. You don&#039;t want to be bound to something so when you come off of suboxone the cravings for opiates come back.  In my opinion when you decide to quit using opiates do it with no drugs that trick your brain into thinking your on opiates, then you learn how to deal with your addiction while your sober. That way you will know how to beat it. Drs that prescribe this for a long time are all in it for the money sorry"
"I went from having horrific painsomnia and feeling like a zombie 24/7 and being really agitated by noise and light to having a regular sleep pattern which for sure helped me deal with pain and stress.
I&#039;m only up to 30mg a day and I&#039;ve found coupled with pool therapy this treatment has been invaluable.

Only annoying thing is that I get really bad dry mouth (but means I&#039;m drinking more water) and I&#039;ve totally lost my sex drive."
"I am a 53 year old African American female.  My Dr. said that my heart rate resting was too fast, blood pressure was borderline and had mild left ventricle thickening.  He prescribed 2.5mg of Bystolic.  I always feel like I have a chlorine taste in my mouth, my breathing does not seem as deep and I have a strange sensation in my chest all of the time.  I feel more sluggish during exercise, but I have lost 16 pounds since on the medicines since October.  I am on a low fat diet and I walk 2 miles daily.  I think it is a good medicine; I just wish I didn&#039;t have to take any thing.  I&#039;m just not the same."
"Wellbutrin worked very effectively in treating my depression. It lifted me out of a major depression I had been in for years. However, I am facing an issue because while Wellbutrin is great for treating my depression, the side effects are terrible. I am having excessive sweating all the time and extreme dry mouth. The dry mouth is causing bad breath and cavities. I am doing everything I can to combat the dry mouth and sweating with no avail. I was told the side effects will diminish over time but it has been over a year and the side effects aren&#039;t any better.

Does anyone know of effective ways to combat the side effects?"
"Started this almost 3 months ago.  My period has always been 5-6 days.  Last month my period was 10 days.  This month I&#039;m on day 14 with no end in sight! This is a nightmare!"
"Don&#039;t do it!! I got the implant inserted in March of 2013 and I am going to wait until the 3 years is up to get it removed but it is the worst!! Sure, it does a great job of preventing a baby... but it makes you feel terrible all the time.  The past year on it has been the worst.  I didn&#039;t get a period until Novenmber of 2014 while on Nexplanon.  Then after that it has been hell.  This last month I bled all month but 4 days.  And when I say bleed I mean super plus tanpons being changed every hour and a half kind of bleeding.  Since about August I have these &quot;pregnancy like symptoms&quot; that just won&#039;t go away.  I have even thrown up.  I can not wait to get this little devil out of my my arm."
"The XR seams better than the traditional form used in the 80s that resulted in sodium depletion.  This form causes twitching, sporadic and  rapidly occurring tremors that make sleeping difficult, increased urination frequency, some minor dizziness at first, and possibly elevated skin sensitivity to sunlight."
"Have had some anxiety for the second time in my life. The first time I did well with Xanax as needed and also Ambien as needed. I got through the rough patch and didn&#039;t need anything anymore for almost 2 years now. Right now it&#039;s been slowly coming back due to some stress back in my life. So I went and they gave me Ambien, which I do well with and Buspirone. I took it (only 5mg) today at 2pm. 30 mins later I started feeling very off, like my anxiety was getting worse every minute. My heart started racing, I was sweating all the sudden and when I tried to sit down and drink some water, my hands were so shaky that I could barely drink it without spilling. I was TERRIFIED!!! 
Went to the ER and my heart rate 204. Never take this horrific med!!"
"I took this for 5 months and loved it. It actually cleared up the acne I had before I started it and it kept me from getting pregnant. I started forgetting to take it so I switched to the Depo Provera shot. It has made me depressed, crazy, gain weight, no period, lactate, acne break outs, and no sex drive at all. Now my doctor even thinks I might have a tumor on my pituitary gland and will have to get an MRI to find out soon. So, I have definitely switched back to Sprintec, today actually and I hope all these side effects from Depo Provera go away."
"I&#039;ve copped a dose of the shingles from the middle of my back wrapped around into my belly button on the right side. Doctors couldn&#039;t work out the problem because the rash took 5 days to appear. The pain was very uncomfortable. Pain killers weren&#039;t cutting the mustard. When the rash appeared the Doc put me straight onto lyrica 75mg once a day. Had the pill before bed then for the next 3 days had a migraine so intense that all i could think of is please wear off and give me the shingles pain back. So lyrica did stop the nerve pain but i developed side effects. Just not for every one."
"So far it seems to be correcting the toenail fungus. My foot doctor had a special insurance card for use only at Walgreens, which gets this medication (in the 4ml size) at no cost for a total of 10 bottles. Time will tell if it is completely clearing up or not. Only drawback is cost if your insurance does not cover it. Best way to apply, at least for me, is simply shake the bottle, brush side down, then rub across each toe nail as needed. I also use it before bedtime."
"I used this in the hospital after I had spine surgery. I used it with morphine, and it seemed to help a lot."
"I took this pill for just over two weeks. I had never been on the pill before - I always did the depo shot so this was a whole new experience at 36 years old! I was prepared for side effects and the first week of use I had some headaches, slight nausea and pretty strong cramping. The second week brought on crazy mood swings and that is actually what made me stop. I&#039;ve been off the pill for 5 days now and slowly feel like I am myself again. I would have had no problem hanging in there with the other side effects, but I became someone I didn&#039;t like (or my husband and friends) for that last week on the pill. I had no patience for anyone or anything, I was angry at everything."
"I have had IBS all of my life and have tried many things and none of them did anything for my IBS.  I started taking it as my DR said it is a side benefit of this drug which was not intended for IBS.  It works very well.  I use to go to the bathroom 3-5 times a day with frequent diarrhea now I go just once or even every other day and no diarrhea or bloating.  I only use 25 mg as more gives me constipation."
"Read some negative about MoviPrep so was a little worried. However it turned out to be no problem for me. No matter what you take its not going to be fun. First container I drank the taste was okay but the second one it got a little worse. Used apple juice to chase it. Just drink as fast as one can and get it over with. Cleaned me out without a whole lot of discomfort. Works as advertised. Cost was high. All done, but the day before of all liquid diet is no fun no matter what prep you do. Would recommend it."
"I had such horrible cramps after one use I could not even use Premarin vaginal again.  Two different doctors scoffed at my situation and as I have done my own research I have found out that this is very common.  It&#039;s time for doctors to start listening more and prescribing less!"
"I finally sought medical help for what I thought was a lifelong struggle with depression which ended up being more an anxiety disorder. I never thought I had anxiety- even though my mom and 2 sisters have anxiety disorders. I shut down, retreat, avoid, sleep- where they all become frantic. I thought I was have a heart attack one night (panic attack) and sought treatment a few weeks later. It&#039;s been about 4 months on lexapro and I realize for the first time I don&#039;t feel a general sense of dread. I actually answer the phone. I always thought it was just a funny quirk that I hated answering the phone but I now realize I was afraid. I&#039;m on 20mg and went through really rough anxiety at the outset- stick with it!! It&#039;s worth it."
"I&#039;ve been taking lamictal for over 15 years. I have to be on a high dose which does give me side effects. My memory is very bad and my balance is a little off. For as much as the memory thing bothers me I&#039;d rather have that than the alternative which is crazy. I hadn&#039;t tried &quot;everything&quot; before I tried lamictal but I tried enough meds to know how they did not work like lamictal did. It didn&#039;t happen over night. I had to ramp up very slowly not just because of the physical but to see how my mind was. It took about a year to get to my therapeutic dose and it was worth it. Talk to your Dr about everything it does to you. Work together"
"I have been taking Percocet 10/650 3x a day for a few years now due to back and neck pain after a roof fall in the coal mines when I was 24, I&#039;m 28 now. I lost my insurance, and had to go to a different doctor. Due to my age they don&#039;t want to give the Percocet&#039;s any more. When I was taking the Percocet&#039;s I had a normal day to day life, but now the pain is starting to come back.  Percocet helps me better than anything else I have ever taken. I give it a 10 out of 10."
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta since 2002 and it&#039;s changed my life.  I haven&#039;t had a depressive episode since I&#039;ve been on it.  My sex life is ruined, however.  A common side affect for these kinds of meds."
"I have been on diet pills off and on for more than 15 years Phentermine and Bontril. They have just lost there effectivess with my body from just prolonged use. So I found Belviq and saw that it is covered by my insurance my Doctor agreeded to try me on it 06/02/14. I weighed in at 260. 06/04/14 I checked my weight this morning because I just felt so much better and I&#039;m weighing in at 255.2. It&#039;s so encouraging to see the scale go down instead of up. I know the first week or so of weightloss is usually water weight but I&#039;m still encouraged..Will keep you posted of my progress my goal is to weight between 175-185 for my height and body structure that is what my doctor recommends."
"Terrible experience with this medication. I&#039;m 9 weeks pregnant and this medicine made my nausea 20x worse! The 3 days I took this medicine it was like I had a stomach virus, throwing up all day. Also still have a pounding headache that will not go away! Never again"
"Diagnosed bipolar late 30&#039;s, lithium threw me into a clinical depression.  Was not hospitalized as I tried tricyclic after tricyclic, with the awful side effects, weight gain and almost a zombie, sleeping all the time.

Researching I discovered MAOI Inhibitors, was put on Nardil.  Had only 15 min. medication checks every two weeks.  At the first I asked, still depressed, &quot;Will I ever be motivated again?&quot;, so weary was I of this horrid depression.

At the second medication check, two weeks later, my depression had lifted!  It kept me out of depression, functioning, and as close to &#039;normal&#039;, &quot;whatever that is&quot;, for decades.  It saved my life."
"I have been taking Ambien for more years than I can count due to insomnia and nightmares.  I have experienced the &quot;sleep walking&quot; activities, mostly repetitive conversations and eating which have been benign and harmless.  Fortunately, I have family that is up later than me so they keep me from doing anything too outrageous.  Sometimes I have a vague memory of my activities if my husband brings it to my attention, but if I am particularly stressed or anxious the side effects are amplified and my memory is gone.  As for morning grogginess, a shower usually perks me up."
"I have tried everything to help with my fibromyalgia pain.  I have tried Cymbalta and other anti-depressants as well as opiates like Tylenol with codeine and Vicodin. I have also tried muscle relaxants like Soma. All of these helped but I still had painful days. Lyrica gets rid of the pain. I have been on it for 2 months and it is a miracle drug. I have my life back and can be productive. Also controls painful flares. Haven&#039;t had a flare yet. Lyrica is great."
"I have PTSD as a result of the 1968 TET offensive.  It got much worse after I retired.  A good night&#039;s sleep became 2 hours of uninterrupted sleep.  VA had me on Prozac which did nothing for the sleep but helped in my awake hours.  Then I was given Trazadone 50 mg and told to split it in half 1 hour before bed.  I was also told not to increase the dose, but cutting in half again,may help.  I did this and now sleep the night getting 6 to 7 hours with only one short break.  Dreams are back after becoming all but nonexistant other than flashbacks.  My life is greatly improved."
"No side effects.  Blood pressure fairly well controlled on 5 mg of this only."
"This is by far the worst birth control I have ever experienced. I have been on the pill for 5 years and this was given to me as a filler between my annual exam (I normally have a different brand). I had no idea that brands can differ so much, and I thought nothing of it. Right away on this pill I became sick to my stomach and thought I had the flu. I had horrible gas and heartburn. My breast hurt horribly. I got horrible acne all over my chin! Then by the third week I started to feel mild cramping in my calf and sharp pains all over my body. This pill has inspired me to go off the pill in general. Horrible experience."
"After a bit of a rocky start, I must say I&#039;m glad I made this choice. I got the insert after my first pregnancy in November 2016. As I stated it was rough at first. My period was nonexsistant, then it would last for up to 8 days, then it would be basically nothing, but I still had to wear a pad for some spotting. Now almost six months later I have none anymore. I haven&#039;t had any allergic reactions, weight gain, or mood changes. My sex drive if anything has definitely doubled. Over all I&#039;m very happy so far."
"Initial BP 211/100 Dose taken 10mg amlodipine + 10mg Ramipril BP now 140/80 and dropping still after 3 weeks. Side effects lightheaded and tiredness but dissipated after a week or so. Noticeable Benefits for me are less anxiety, no sweating, a kind of calmness. More focused. less irritated. I do not care what they say...having a lower blood pressure does physically and mentally make you feel better."
"This has been a miracle! I went from avoiding everyone and everything even cleaning or talking to friends. I&#039;ve started doing everything around the house, I&#039;ve been able to stand up for myself. I&#039;m happy every day. Gone are the I&#039;m having a bad day, only drawback 1st 3 weeks I had to take it at bedtime because I was very nervous and jittery, that subsided, no problems with stomach have not lost any weight but I&#039;m much more active. Like night and day difference. I&#039;m so happy."
"Only drugs I find to be helpful from years of panic attacks were adivan and klonopin. I have been on many medications. I think you should start with Adivan and then be wean down to klonopin. I haven&#039;t found one antideprssant to stop panic attacks. I have been on many of them. Some of the medications they have listed here for this is unbelievable to me. They cause more harm then good. Many of them cause panic attacks."
"I took 2 of these at around 8, I fell asleep soon after.. I woke up all through the night with terrible cramps. Then at 2am I was stuck in the bathroom with diarrhea my stomach still hurts and I feel like I&#039;m going to throw up. Never will I take this again. I have school in a few hours and I hope I&#039;m good to go. &gt;.&lt;"
"I was on Rebif and it worked well for me. Ten years later I started having Multiple Sclerosis attacks about every 3 months. It was like my body had built up a tolerance for Rebif, so I started on Gilenya. In fact I would have rated it a ten. I unfortunately broke my foot and ankle. I ended up needing two surgeries. I had a MS attack after each surgery. I believe the attacks were brought on by such a trauma to my body. I am still taking Gilenya and have had no side affects or another attack."
"This medication is very activating without making me anxious. I take it for depression, but I also have general anxiety disorder, and OCD. I was a little worried about taking it at first because one of the side effects indicated that it could make anxiety worse, but I didn&#039;t have that problem at all. It definitely helps with depression and lifting my mood. It&#039;s not a &quot;happy pill,&quot; but it is good with getting and keeping you going and not letting depression ruin you and keep you from doing what needs to be done and living your life."
"I&#039;m on Day 10 with this medication and am already seeing significant improvements in my psoriasis! My doctor told me it may take a month or more to see any change so this is a pleasant surprise. 
I had read about the side effects and was expecting the first while to be rough but man! I can&#039;t keep anything down and the diarrhea is unreal! I&#039;ve found Aspirin helps the headaches, so those aren&#039;t so bad. I&#039;ve lost 8 pounds since I started Otezla which is a bonus but I wouldn&#039;t say it&#039;s the best diet plan I&#039;ve ever been on... 
I&#039;m hoping the side effects subside as my body gets used to the medication and I&#039;m very hopeful to see more improvements in my psoriasis!"
"Been taking for 15 yrs. Started as antidepressant but also helps back pain and sleep."
"I am 24 and for years I have struggled with my weight. It wasn&#039;t super serious until I got in a relationship- I gained nearly 40kg in under a year. At my heaviest I was 116kg. I see a personal trainer, go to Zumba, and I thought I was eating well- nothing helped me shed the weight. I got tested for thyroid issues and PCOS- neither explained my inability to shed the Kgs.

I started this drug about 17 days ago. My starting weight was 106.7kg- I now weigh 100.4kg. It has completely changed how I view food, what I crave, and made me realise that whilst the foods I was previously eating were good foods, I was eating far too much because my body had forgotten how to recognise true hunger. I am so excited- it is so worth the money. 10/10!!!"
"Celexa has been a life-saver for me.  Ever since I was a child, I&#039;ve had bad anxiety and depression, and I would have attacks where I would completely break down emotionally over something so silly, like a lost T.V remote.  I would talk to my mother about my anxiety, and she said it was something I just needed to get over.  Finally at age 23, I&#039;ve confronted this problem medically, and Celexa has changed my life entirely.  I don&#039;t experience the depression I used to, my anxiety has decreased incredibly, and my attacks have almost disappeared. I don&#039;t feel a hovering weight on my shoulders anymore like I&#039;m constantly letting people down, I&#039;m just living my life like I&#039;m supposed to."
"I was given Remeron for depression, although my diagnosis remains mood disorder, I was given Abilify as well because I have some psychotic symptoms and bipolar runs in the family. Remeron does not help with my sleep which is disappointing.  I still have trouble with my self-esteem but I have noticed improvements in my attitude. I can control anxiety much better and feel more relaxed going about my day. I have only been taking it for 3 weeks. I wish I felt better about myself but maybe medicines are not the help I need for that."
"I noticed a difference in the first week. It was a positive difference. And then about three weeks later i began to feel how i felt again, and I told my parents and i think that i need more than the 20 mg&#039;s that i&#039;m on currently. But overall I think this drug works very well and you need to find the correct mg&#039;s for your body."
"Clobex for my skin. I can&#039;t say enough good things about this spray.  I say &quot;spray&quot; because the ointment did nothing.  The spray, for some reason is absolutely amazing.  One place on my knee where the P wasn&#039;t removable with a jackhammer, magically cleared up 99% of the area in less than 1 week.  My arms - my chest - EVERYTHING - it&#039;s gone.  My Psoriasis is gone.  I&#039;ve gone through shampoos. 

NOW - if I stop using the spray for a week or longer, the symptoms return - but until a cure is found for Psoriasis - this medication is hands-down, the absolute best there is."
"I have had my arm implant since July 5th 2012 and my experience are good and bad. Good things are I have not gotten pregnant. The bad things are I have not gotten my period ever since I mean it is good who wouldn&#039;t be happy about that more than 1 year without a period, the bad thing is I think all those things are retained in my body, also I have gained so much weight, I stand at 190 lbs. I have tried watching what I eat, no junk food and exercising, Zumba and nothing, not even one pound. I am overweight and it gets me depressed."
"I love it. I had gotten postpartum depression, it&#039;s helped me enjoy my baby the only side effect I have is takes longer to reach orgasm and little weight gain but not bad. "
"My PCP started me on Benicar 20mgs/12.5 HCTZ on November 30th. My blood pressure before I took the medication was 145/84, after that it&#039;s 135/83-138/85. So far the only side effect I&#039;ve had is occasional facial flushing. I&#039;ll keep monitoring to see how it goes after a full three months on it."
"Nightmares turned into night terrors and then sleep paralysis. I was woke up one night by gritting my teeth and chewing on my own tongue for what may have been hours. Recovery took a week. Never slept past 3 hours. Be very cafeful, it could be dangerous"
"I used Yaz over a year. After a while I started to get random sudden pains in my arms and legs. Once my finger got clogged. I could even see blue spot under skin and my fingertip went white and numb. But luckily it went away. But the worst was my knees started to hurt a lot, doctors didn&acute;t know why. I coulnd&acute;t bend my knees or walk without pain. It lasted about two months. And then I assumed it was because of the pills. I quit Yaz and after some time pain was gone, also I haven&acute;t had any random pain attack in my arms or legs. Quality of life improved dramatically. Haven&acute;t had courage to use any birth control pill after that."
"I&#039;m a 50 yr old female who is still menstruating. 
I started this drug in the hospital and my cycle went from 3-5 days - up to 9 days then stopped.

This month- I am on day 15 of an incredibly heavy cycle. I wear TWO extra long overnight pads ( which should last 10 hours) and I go through them in less than 2 hours.

I started this drug after a mild stroke that seems to have been a by-product of A-fib . I didn&#039;t want Coumadin (aka Rat Poison) - and thought out of the 3 two-year old medicines left, this seemed to be the best for my active lifestyle.   It is not.

The bleeding is so heavy, I am exhausted. Pains in my feet adn ankles. Back pains, neck pains and Migraine like headaches on the opposite side of my stroke affected side. HELP!"
"I have been on qsymia seen 4/1/2015. I had tried everything to lose weight and was unable to do it. I love to cook and love to eat. We eat out a lot and have a lot of company. Up to this point I couldn&#039;t control portions. I ate a lot. Once I stated this drug 
At 7.5 I started losing and controlling my portions. I joined weight watchers , expertise do  great deal and have lost 47 pounds. I have 3 more pounds to lose. I did see that I was losing my hair and it thinned a great deal. I also have trouble sleeping.  The good far out weighs the bad. When I had only 10 pounds to go I started taking it every other day. This has helped me with the hair loss .
I have been eating what I want more or less ."
"I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy when I was 17 and still in high school. That was about 14 years ago. Out of those 14 years, ten of them have been spent on Provigil. It has obviously worked for me. I take 200mg 3 x a day - One in the morning and two at lunchtime. I haven&#039;t had any side effects, other than not being ready for bed at night but that could be me just not wanting to go to bed. All in all Provigil keeps me awake and functioning. Oh, I do agree with everyone about the cost - it&#039;s not cheap."
"I&#039;m just about to hit the 2 year mark on the shot. I get my shot regularly and never skip an appointment. I rarely see people talk about being on the shot for more than a few months. I chose this to help regulate my period and for birth control. I had awful, heavy periods before this. When I first started my period lessened and after the first year completely stopped. The only &quot;con&quot; is that I have gained weight since I started taking this. I&#039;m wouldn&#039;t exactly blame this for it though, and so what if it&#039;s a few pounds. I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone who wants better control over their periods, and don&#039;t want to worry about pills or something being put inside them."
"I have had Implanon for about two and a half years now. When I first had the Implanon put in it hurt just a little and my arm was very tender for about five days. My first two years of having the Implanon in wasn&#039;t bad at all. I had normal periods that lasted four to six days a month. I never had weight gain I actually lost about 15 pounds. I had acne when I had the Implanon put in and it cleared my acne up. I do have breakouts once and a while. But I am in my last year and I hate it now. I have been bleeding for six months now. The bleeding will stop for about an hour then I will bleed again. This is my only problem with the Implanon. I would say try it because everyones body is different. If you don&#039;t like it you can always get it removed."
"I have chronic back pain (9 years plus), and had surgery. Been on all pain medicines through all that time. From Vicodin all the way up to Dilaudid and Fentanyl. Even though nothing is going to take away all the pain, I found that Dilaudid 8mg works the best. Most of the time about 80%."
"Novolog works very well and very fast (3-5) hours in lowering sugar levels but for those w/out insurance be wary Novolog is very expensive, espicially when you have to couple the insulin w/ another slow-acting, such as Lantus. Together these are very effective however."
"It worked, but it caused me to pass out. 

I took this as instructed - 1 dose at 4pm and another at 8pm. My doctor&#039;s instructions were to drink 2 16 oz glasses of water/beverage or more after the 4pm dose, and that liquids could continue to be consumed after the second dose until Midnight. I drank some herbal tea.

Things went fine after the first dose, and it seemed gentle enough. I went to the restroom several times and things seemed to be moving along. I took the second dose and by 10pm thought I was done. I woke up at 12:30am with stomach cramps and a pounding headache. I had watery diarrhea and became very dizzy. I stood up and passed out, hitting my head."
"My experience with birth control in general is crappy. With depo and nexplanon I bled everyday for six months each, among many other side effects! They ruined my sex drive (so has Skyla). The IUD is my last shot.
I continued to bleed daily with no cramps for the first few months. My period are becoming more normal, but I&#039;m experiencing much worse cramping than my periods before it! The pain has left me unable to work, and it comes and goes like contractions in childbirth do. I have to do breathing exercises to get through it because painkillers like ibuprofen do nothing!
The pain is like when I had it inserted. I was warned I may have &quot;slight&quot; cramping, when I had severe cramping for 17 straight hours! It only stopped when I went to sleep."
"I have had migraines with auras since puberty, and have tried every prescription migraine medication since then. I have had no success with any of the other classes of medications. I especially like Frova because I can take it when I get an aura, long before the migraine pain hits me."
"I used it morning and night for about 3 days and you can already tell a difference and my acne is clearing up. Unfortunately my skin is peeling, which forced me to get a moisturizer. Anyway it works for me."
"This medicine is very good. It really is effective. The side effects are tolerable. I would strongly recommend that the directions are followed by the patient."
"I was prescribed Quasense about 2 years ago for endometriosis and was very happy with it but after changing medical insurance it was no longer an option so I switched to Levora about 3 months ago.  My endometriosis symptoms are still at bay but I have gained weight and not pounds but I&#039;ve just gotten flabby with an increased appetite. I feel lethargic and I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s the pill or the &quot;weight gain&quot; but my sex drive it at an all time low. So I guess here I go again into the sea of birth control meds. I refuse to gain weight and feel bad about myself. Of course all pills affect everyone differently so you might as well try it. Just wanted to share my own personal experience with someone who may have had a good reaction to Quasense."
"I have been on Sprintec for about 1 year and 8 months. I believe it has been horrible for me. My sex drive is down which effects my husband and I&#039;s relationship. I have had this constant moodiness &amp;  roller coaster of emotions that I could not figure out where it was coming from until I started researching when it started and what could be causing it. My skin is clear, I don&#039;t have much weight gain nor have I had a baby, but side effects are too much for me. "
"Works really well, like Tussinex without the codeine. Tastes better than other cough medicines too. Non drowsy, but also didn&#039;t make me jittery so I could take it and sleep. Closest thing to Tussinex over the counter."
"I  am  male,  50 years old and recently diagnosed with ADHD.   Started taking Concerta almost 4 weeks ago, and  much like everyone else, started  at 18mg dosage and now  at 54mg.   I&#039;m not really sure how Concerta has affected me in  my daily life yet,  accept  perhaps helping me getting into deep sleep and dream again.  there are number of symptoms that I like to share with you:
-     I wasn&#039;t much of a forgetful person to start with,  but now I  tend to forget things
-      definitely  low libido and ejaculation issue
-      lack of appetite
-       lost interest talking to people  specially woman/ mind you, I&#039;m single
-        no problems sleeping, though I  also take   10mg  Cipralex"
"Stay away from this! Took 3 of these at 2:30pm yesterday, now I&#039;m currently at 5:11 am, experiencing crucial stomach aches &amp; nausea. Sitting on the toilet &amp; puking in a baby potty. Worst feeling ever. Definitely throwing the bottle away. Think I&#039;ll be late for work this morning. Never again."
"I&#039;m 23 and after trying every OTC medicine and seeing 3 doctors who told me to just drink more water, I finally got prescribed this medication. I felt one of my migraines coming on and decided to give it a try. 40 minutes went by and I realized my symptoms had completely vanished! I can&#039;t believe it, I&#039;m just plain shocked. I didn&#039;t get any bad side effects and I&#039;m just so happy I don&#039;t have to miss out on things or be a grump because of migraines!"
"I also take Klonopin for Bipolar and Panic Disorders."
"I began this medicine in October 2016 (age 62) and saw immediate results.  Having lost a sister to  Leukemia just 9 months prior to my own treatment I decided to begin with this fairly new FDA approved regimen for  line treatment.  The results were amazing, lymph nodes began shrinking immediately and with 6 weeks none were palpable!  Due to onset a-fib, my oncologist would like me to switch to a clinical trial that is using the next generation of the ibrutinib medication which is showing less side affects, particularly with a-fib.  The next generation of this drug is showing less side affects, particularly with a-fib so I am considering."
"Unsure of the best time to take this medicine.  Seems to work best for me in the morning."
"I don&#039;t know what I would do if the good lord hadn&#039;t guided me to my doctor. I couldn&#039;t function without them. They ease my back and shoulder pain enough for me to work but I can feel it if I&#039;m pushing to hard. The people who invented this drug are a God send."
"My daughter has eczema, when using Elocon she stops scratching instantly. LOVE IT. Also I use pure Vaseline, also she bathes with Dove unscented sensitive soap and she rarely breakouts. Try it."
"Started getting some relief within 24 hrs of starting, which is considerably faster than the doc said. Still some hesitancy, but flow much better. No side effects. Hard to complain. Just do it! I suffered too long, might have done some damage had I gone much longer."
"I have taken every medicine out there for my acid reflux and I am so grateful to have found aciphex works well. I still have bad days but i&#039;ve tried to skip days without taking my aciphex and can tell a huge difference."
"I have horrible hormonal acne and Bactrim has been the only systemic drug that has helped. Problem is I took it for years, randomly when needed.  After years of usage, oddly I became allergic to it.  I broke out in large red spots that were extremely sensitive.  It&#039;s a serious allergy. I have permanent dark bruises all over my body and it has been years since I&#039;ve used it.  If you haven&#039;t tried Bactrim.  Try it. It will work for you."
"I recently used Prepopik for my first colonoscopy. I am 26 years old and in good health, it was scheduled due to family history. Prepopik was easy to take, I had a lighter day of eating the day before Prepopik started. On the day of preparation I was on a liquid diet all day and drank the most fluids I ever have. The Prepopik was easy to take, it just burned it a little. However, after my colonoscopy the doctor informed me that the Prepopik had not done a very good job cleaning me out. I need to go back in a year. It was recommended that next time to be on a soft diet 3-5 days beforehand (eggs, potato soup, protein) and to ask doctor about taking magnesium sulfate as a laxative the day before preparation. I will not be using Prepopik again."
"It was great. After two days I felt fine - I was groggy after the first dose, but then I was groggy before I took it so the grogginess could have just been the flu.  The only drawback is Tamiflu is very expensive and my insurance didn&#039;t cover it."
"I am on a lot of medication, but thanks to the previous comment, it may be the Pristiq that is causing my constant hot flashes!"
"Took for 1 month at 25 mg.  Worked well for the insomnia -weird dreams aside- but stopped due to 14 lbs weight gain and constant feeling of impending bowel motion."
"Several years ago I was Diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s disease and long story short got hooked on pain killers. Anyway I decided that I hated being dependent on the pills, mainly was just on Vicoden. I&#039;ve been on Subutex for a few years now and have little to no side effects other than I get HOT very fast. I want to add something important. I used to take maybe 3-4 Vicodens 3 times a day. Sometimes a little bit more (like 1 or 2). I was so desperate for relief because I was in withdrawal and was told about Suboxone. "
"I&#039;m currently on  Amlodipine 5mg tab- The first 72-96 hours on this medication were very rough-very severe headaches, palpitations, dizziness, etc.  After the 3rd day, the headaches subsided and by the 5th day they were gone.   BP had been elevated due to non-tolerance from previous med combo.  By the end of the 1st week BP was down into the 120s over 80s.  So far I have been using this med for just over one month without any major side effects other than slight water retention leading to slight swelling of hands and ankles. My weight has remained steady.  

The med worked for me and I am glad as I had been trying so many different types of med to control BP that I was starting to lose hope."
"I&#039;ve had panic disorder for 36 years, in addition to ptsd, and ocd. Clonazepam 1mg twice daily has enabled me to have some sort of life. Panic disorder reduces quality of life, and I more or less live in a bubble. However, integrated with CBT, I am finding that my &quot;bubble&quot; is expanding. I&#039;m able to go out of the house, drive, and function throughout the day. After taking it for several years with success, my new psych wants me to discontinue it due to addictive properties. So, back to living in my bubble, I guess. Why do they create a useful medication, and then tell you that you can&#039;t take it any longer? Drs overprescribe, FDA cracks down, and those that benefit from it are left in the dirt."
"I switched birth control and my boyfriend last week told me he was able to feel the ring. He said it hurt him. I can&#039;t take the ring either. I have back pains and always feel lousy. Time to switch back to the pill. "
"I started taking 5 mg Cialis daily because of bothersome BPH during the day. (I did not have problems during the night.)  After only a couple of weeks, I was better, and in less than 2 months, BPH was not a problem.  I do have a somewhat stuffy nose occasionally, but this is minor. I consider myself fortunate to have seen BPH advertisements on television because the ads prompted me to ask my doctor about Cialis."
"Works miraculously on a cough.  Be careful of the side effects.  Makes me somewhat woosey and dizzy.  Use only when desperate for relief."
"I&#039;m 56 healthy no other meds, been on proctoform for several year. Only 2 refills a year started out at $101 then $125 today it was $135 dollars insurance want cover it, shame on Blue Cross and Blue Shield. I don&#039;t use a full dose, it works pretty quick! If your not careful with the adapter you will waste a half dose. Last year my Gastrointernologist said everything looks good during my Colonoscopy, I received a 10 Year Certificate. Lol"
"I&#039;m 37 and didn&#039;t always have issues with BP. I have been Norvasv 2.5.mg for about a month. It has made me worse. I have been to the ER twice because I feel lightheadedness. I feel like I am going to faint. I do not understand. I never had any issues until I started taking this medication. Has anybody else gone through this? Both hospitals couldn&#039;t find anything."
"Very effective to me. Considering, greatly suppressed seizure frequency and low interference from side effects."
"The medicine did exactly what it was supposed to do--erased my pain when I had a wisdom tooth extraction. There were side effects, but they were minimal. The medicine made me itchy, somewhat numb, and a little bit sleepy, but it was nothing that could not be dealt with easily."
"I have been on Contrave for almost 11 months now. I just hit the 100 lb weight loss mark a few days ago and am now at 103 lbs lost. As I&#039;ve said before in these reviews it&#039;s been amazing for me. Low side effects and so much relief from my food ADDICTION. I didn&#039;t really know  that until this med let me take a step back from it and I could see exactly how all-consuming and crushing an addiction it was. I never had the nausea or headaches."
"I&#039;m not good with any Atypical-Anti-psychotics. After the third day I swelled up 7 pounds, my face, hands, calves and feet were swollen. I was VERY asthmatic. I&#039;m Schizo-affective Depressive Type. Mentally, for three days on 5mg morning and evening I didn&#039;t feel half bad. But I got a little strange mentally that I cannot quiet describe. Almost as if it made me somewhat loopy. It never made my tongue/mouth numb, had a bad taste for about 5 minutes. I don&#039;t know quiet what happened but it was lousy waiting out the Half-Life to the drug. I don&#039;t know if it interacted with one of my other medications."
"I started taking Uloric 5 weeks ago. It seems to be working alright. I have tried several medicines for this ailment allopurinal, colchicine, steroids, vicodin. It took me a week to get off those, had bad reactions on allopurinol i.e. rashes, swelling of the stomach and lips. Colchicine diarrhea so bad I couldn&#039;t work. Anyway Uloric has been pretty effective so far. I have also tried apple cider vineger, baking soda, herbal remedies none as effective as Uloric. Only drawback to it I don&#039;t have insurance and Uloric is $200.00 for a 30 day supply."
"I got nexplanon put in at my six week check up after having my son. I had stopped bleeding for three days from giving birth when I got this inserted. I got my first period three days later it has been a solid 62 days today with no breaks. Not to mention I had lost 30 pounds in the first month after having my son and have now gained half of it back. I have never had messed up periods or messed up times with any birth control like I have with this one. After reading all of the below experiences I&#039;m making a drs apt to get this thing removed asap"
"I am 61 years old. Have been in permanent Afib for approximately 6 years. I was originally put on 100mg aspirin for 18 months, then went on to Warfarin prior to an attempt at cardioversion. Heart remained in Afib so was soon after put on to Eliquis (5mg tab twice a day). I have been on this medication now for 4 years. Prior to being on Elequis, I had to inject with Clexane prior to any air travel as a precaution. Since being on Eliquis I have not had any side effects, no need for Clexane when travelling. The only precaution recommended was NOT to take any medications such as Ibroprufen for pain relief or flu and cold capsules that contain pseudoephedrine."
"This is incredibly overpriced garbage!"
"I&#039;ve had incontinence for some time, but it got to where the urge would hit so hard that I couldn&#039;t move until the urge passed and I could get to the bathroom. I went to the doctor and she put me on Oxybutynin. It may be all in my head but I swear only one 5mg. pill already has worked. I didn&#039;t have that extreme urge when I got up from a nap, like I did before. I still had the urge but not as severe. Time will tell."
"I have suffered from MDD most of my life undiagnosed and untreated, and now in my thirties finally decided to see if dysfunctional patterns in my life might not all be character related. I was diagnosed with MDD quickly and immediately prescribed Sertraline, and it worked so well so quickly my doctor and I thought it was a placebo effect. I have gone on and off the meds over the last six months just to see what other factors are affecting me, and can say without equivocation, these meds have been completely life altering. My doctor helped me understand that mental illness is as real as diabetes. Diabetics can make huge health improvements through lifestyle and still require insulin be cause of a physical malfunction. So too with Depression."
"So far I&#039;m losing weight only be using for a week."
"I would NOT recommend this patch to anyone. The company has printed in black ink the product name on the patch itself, which is beyond dumb!!  The glue leaves huge circle on your underwear that will not come off. The glue leaves circles on your skin when the patch is removed, which is almost impossible to come off. I used Vivelle before and had none of these problems, plus the patch was half the size as this product. Insurance said this product was a generic and would no longer pay for the Vivelle."
"Very effective, no drowsy, no dizziness, no body itching."
"I am a mother of 2 small children and I began this medication about 2 months ago after being on Celexa (which made me feel tired a lot and hungry all the time - I gained like 20 lbs on it).  The first thing I noticed with Wellbutrin was a decreased appetite.  Then I started to feel more alert - the same kind of alertness you would feel when taking Adderall.  A few weeks into it, my mood was totally different.  I was happy, calm, energetic - all the things that I wanted for so long, but never thought I could achieve, as I was very depressed.  I was walking in a parking lot the other day and I thought to  myself &quot;wow.  isn&#039;t life great?&quot; - Wellbutrin is an AMAZING medication."
"I was on Loestrin/ LoMedia for close to 10 years, never had an issue, never had bad periods with it (my periods before BC were debilitating, I would always get sick and have heavy long periods with death cramps). I had to switch to Aubra because my hospital kept getting back ordered months on Loestrin. Aubra is supposed to be of similar formulation, the progesterone component is a different chemical than I&#039;m used to though, despite it being the same micrograms. I&#039;m on week 3 of active pills, and on a heavy period that started 4 days ago. Have had painful cramps and back pain since I started it. Still have the mild cramps, but bad back pain. Hate these pills, miss my old ones. Granted, I am getting older, maybe that has something to do with."
"I had nexplanon for eleven months and all it did was make my life hell, I kept hoping it would get better that things would mellow out but all that happened was a constant period, no sex life, my family hated me, my friends hated what had become of the period in front of them and I pushed people away. I developed several pms syndrome and was almost put on Prozac because of this shit I am barely getting back to a normal period two months after removal. I can&#039;t do birth control, this was the last one for me to try. So this was a very disappointing experience."
"Was on mirena almost two years and it was very bad. Bleeding non stop after insertion for a couple months , and now it&#039;s been out for almost 6 months and I&#039;ve been bleeding a lot again. I spotted 3 times in between my periods this month and my doctor said around 6 months after my periods would be back to normal... well they are not at all! I&#039;m going to see when my doctor can see me next week because this is out of control. Worst birth control. Should have tried the depo provera or just birth control pills again"
"Just checking in again. Switched my pill from minastrin to kariva. Lost all the weight I gained on minastrin. 10 lbs in 2 weeks. This pill is terrible. Terrible side effects. Terrible copay. Terrible behavior changes. Terrible everything."
"This drug saved my life... All complaints aside, this time s a miracle drug, BUT, long term results vary depending on one&#039;s commitment to sobtiey. I&#039;ve been taking Sub&#039;s on/off for five years. This MED had 2 basic function for me: Kept me &quot;well&quot; until more opiates are refilled/acquired &amp; gave me the opportunity to shuffle my priorities so that opiates were no longer a priority. It took time for me to mature and commit to the lifestyle changes I needed so badly. Bottom line, this drug alone won&#039;t keep u clean m, but if you combine a regimen of support groups, commitment, and this medication I truly believe anyone can get off opiates. Good Luck.


Side effects: constipation, long term reduced energy. 

"
"I did not think it would work but let me tell you I&#039;M A BELIEVER!!!  IT WORKS !! GET IT TODAY DO YOUR SELF A FAVOR!"
"I was extremely hesitant to start this pill based on the terrible reviews. I was prescribed this pill after a ruptured ovarian cyst and mildly elevated testosterone levels so kind of had no choice but to try it. I am on day 5 and so far so good! I have not experienced any side effects at all. I was really worried about acne and weight gain as side effects. No acne and I actually seem to be losing weight which is amazing. I will update again after 1 month of use but so far so good!"
"Took first pill and symptoms went away. Second pill I started getting tingling and burning in my back 4 hours after taking the medication. Second pill made the back symptoms go away but introduced a intense pressure in my bladder and pelvic area. 4 hours later it went away then the back pains started again, and 10x worse. My spine had sharp spike of pains in it. I was rushed to ER and was told to stay off the pills. They didn&#039;t know what caused the reaction (obviously they can&#039;t admit it was the pill) and sent me home with some ativan to relax my body. Stopped for 2 days and the spiking pains are still in my back and spine on and off. Also felt weak and lost feelings in my legs.

Be careful, if you see symptoms stop right away. Do not risk!"
"I&#039;ve been on nexplanon for 4 months. I loved it the first month; no side effects light spotting a couple days.
Now I&#039;ve been on my period for 8 weeks and counting. My hair is shedding constantly. I have no appetite; I&#039;m 21 with 2 kids and I now weigh less than 100 lbs. I&#039;m always depressed or angry. Always tired. Constant back pain and abdominal cramping. I was having all day migraines for a month straight but that finally stopped. I get a sharp pain in my left side, by my ovary, everyday sometimes goes down my left leg making it numb. My boyfriend says this is turning me into a completely different person. 
Went to the Dr 3 weeks ago and told him everything wrong, he said he could stop the bleeding and gave me the nuvaring, made it worse!"
"It has worked miracles in the past 8 yrs. I have had no side effects from it when used with Arava. Doctor has me now taking methotrexate and my body rejected the IV first time with the new medicines."
"Got a &quot;starter pack&quot; from my doctor and after day 10 (20 mg), %u2014 on advice of my doctor %u2014 I cut a 20 mg tablet in half for my day 11 dose. I have had TERRIBLE side effects and most definitely want to discontinue this drug."
"I have been on it for about 6 months, and it is great except for the fact that it makes me extremely emotional the day before my period and I have cramps on my period. Both of which I never had before using the pill."
"I started taking wellbutrin 300 (150x2)
Benefit; speed biting nails. Calm mind no racing thoughts. Well rested. Pain managed MUCH better. Great focus vs lots of racing thoughts and too much happening at once. Stabilized mood. Generally calmer
Negative: felt like I was going to have a stroke (I&#039;ve had a few before, unrelated). Hard to think, have full thought, twitchy, nausea, vomiting, headaches, irritated easily, out of body, always hard to swallow, vertigo, hard to swallow/speak, flushed warm feeling, didn&#039;t feel like myself though that could be because despite the negatives so many things were much better.going to try something else.  Side effects were too much to justify and had a&quot;bad feeling&quot;from taking it.
Great drug if minimal SE&#039;s"
"Given doxycycline 3 days ago. Nausea straight away got worse 3days in and bad stomach pain. Severe nausea. Coating on teeth etc etc . Will never take again"
"I was travelling to the USA from the UK and I recognised I had a yeast infection . I quickly went out without hesitation and picked this up , we don&rsquo;t have it at home but I liked the one day treatment idea so I could go in and enjoy the rest of my trip. I followed the instructions and inserted the egg. I then went back to bed and read the reviews and became terrified. I even considered trying to get it out !! I told myself to sleep as hopefully the burning will be mild and I&rsquo;ll wake up feeling semi ok ! I went to sleep , woke up , with only a few niggles ! No burning , no crazy over the top itching , and my symptoms visibly better! I&rsquo;d definitely order this again and wish I could take a bunch home with me for the future !!"
"This gave me severe diarrhea."
"I used this for tension-type headaches and it didn&#039;t help."
"I had some positive experience from receiving Actemra . However about 1 year ago I suddenly developed pulmonary hypertension and RT sided heart failure, suddenly developed severe dyspnea, chest pain, chest &amp; throat pressure, unable to lay flat or symptoms worsened. I was referred to a cardiologist who performed blood work. The BNP result being 982, a chemical stress test, a right sided heart cath that showed high pressure in the right side of the heart. I was referred to Dr who specializes in pulmonary HTN. After about 6 months he ordered repeat testing, Where we discovered the pulmonary HTN had subsided. Normal heart pressures and BNP decreased to approximately 200. No other RA meds taken since."
"I had diarrhea several times a week and especially when we went out. I felt housebound. After beginning dosages of Lonox I was more comfortable, able to travel, and able eat out. Because of these improvements in my health, I also am more secure in leaving my house."
"I am a 44 year old married man. We have four kids. Back in my 20&#039;s I had an extrememly high sex drive. It has dropped off quite a bit in my 40&#039;s. After a Vasectomy my erections were not what they had been. They also did not last as long. I went to the Doctor without telling my wife. I have been using Cialis for the last two months without her knowing. She has been asking me what has gotten into me. After about an hour of taking the 20mg pill, I am ready to go. The pill gives you that same feeling of HAVING to have sex that you had as a teen. My erections have been rock hard and long lasting. A  all the way. My wife is smiling!"
"Been taking this for a little over a month.. No real side effects that others have listed. Did notice that I&#039;m not hungry on it, but never really was before. I have lost nothing... Increased activity a little. Eating habits are pretty healthy... Think this is not going to work for me...."
"Pain pain and more pain. Worked in about 1 hour ,but very painful."
"So far so good with Nexplanon for me. I&#039;ve had it for only just over a week but have had the following symptoms: a couple unexplained light headaches (I never get headaches) but these are pretty easily treatable with one advil, it is pretty itchy right now as well, and finally, I am a little dryer during sex, which has been a little frustrating. Still, it is better than pregnancy for me right now, that&#039;s for sure. Can&#039;t wait until hubby gets a vasectomy one day, though!"
"Ambien CR 12.5 works for me, but, for some reason I can&#039;t take the generic.  Negates my anti-depressant (doctor has tried me on different anit-depressants &amp; does it on all of them.)  Has anyone else had this problem?  Very weird."
"I have been on Rythmol SR for about 6 weeks now. I was originally diagnosed with Atrial Flutter, but after the ablation procedure for this, it was then determined that I had Atrial Fibrillation and was put on Rythmol SR.  This drug does not &quot;solve&quot; or &quot;cure&quot; the problem - all it does is subside it temporarily.  As a result, I am scheduled for an Atrial fibrillation Ablation procedure this month.  I have also had numerous side effects (dizziness, and bad taste in mouth). "
"I have gained roughly 30-35 lbs in 2 months, and I wake up early in the morning with severe back pain. I&#039;m not sure if its keeping anything at bay. but the back pain is terrible, I&#039;m trying to get off this asap, and onto something that doesn&#039;t coincide with a very painful wake-up."
"Phentermine was the ONLY prescribed weight loss pill that actually worked for me. Before I started the program I had a complete physical by by doctor. When she prescribed this medicine to me, I also decided to change my eating habits. I kicked the sodas, sugars (sweets), fried foods and other junk. I partnered with Diet2Go and order all of my pre-measured food from them. Once my food arrived, I then started taking Phentermine. I only drank pure water with lemon juice - NO SUGAR. I made sure I started taking the medication the same time each morning (9:00 a.m.), ate breakfast, lunch and dinner all in sync, everyday! By the end of the month (30 days to be exact) I went back to my doctor for monitoring - lost 18 lbs in 30 days! It works."
"I had terrible and heavy periods, bad cramps, passing out, missing 1-2 days of work bimonthly, heavy flow. I read a lot about my options and chose Mirena. First insertion attempt didn&#039;t work--we did not know I have a steeply bent and narrow uterus but got scans to figure it out. I took naproxen for 2 days leading up to the procedure both times. It was INCREDIBLY painful both times, nausea, nearly passing out. The second time I was on my period which did help and also got a painkiller injection and was much better. I am now 3 months out and only have 1-2 days of very light bleeding/minor cramps, no weight gain or general discomfort, I&#039;m hoping to end up with no periods at all. I would do it over again 10x, totally worth it for me."
"Great medicine, I recently restarted this medicine after 10 years and I feel normal again. This medicine has given me great peace in my life. 

I feel calm and collected and I&#039;m quickly understanding what its like to have &quot;free time&quot; 

I insist that people who find results using this medicine ensure those in government understand the increase in quality of life we are all experiencing. I&#039;ve rated this medicine 10/10 purely because any cons I&#039;ve experienced are meaningless compared to been given a life."
"Have had Mirena for 9 months. I had continous spotting first few months. Gradually the spotting only came about once a month and eventually stopped. I had the Mirena placed 8 weeks after having my second child and although I did not gain weight, it has taken almost a year to lose pregnancy weight. I have had hair loss, itchy scalp, lower back pain, oily face recently and oily back along with acne. But the constant fatigue, depression, feeling of frustration and being overwhelmed constantly, emotional strain, trouble focusing and remembering things are taking over my life. No sex drive either. A recent blood test did showed low vitamin D and I will take supplement, but I will also remove the Mirena. It&#039;s different for everyone."
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta over 2 years and it has worked great for my anxiety and Irritable bowel syndrome. I sometimes add Vistaril at stressful times. I tried Topamax and Lexapro and neither gave me the relief I needed. I wish I would have had Cynbalta 30 years ago."
"didn&#039;t help at all"
"I have had this Implanon since February and everything was fine I thought. But I have had a lot of medical problems since then. My legs get swollen almost every night. My bleeding is okay. It lasts about 3 weeks at a time but it is mild. I have had a urinary tract infection. My breast hurt like crazy! I have gained weight. I&#039;m sick to my stomach all the time. And I have really bad acne. I think it&#039;s time to take it out! But I love not taking a pill every day."
"Took the first 500mg pill that evening, felt a little light headed at bedtime, same thing that next morning at 7:00am. Took the second pill at 7:30am and by 10:00am I was so dizzy I spent the next day and a half flat on my back in bed, the room was spinning even with my eyes closed."
"I was on this medication for over 14 weeks and it made me into an unemotional zombie. My grandma literally passed away in front of me and I couldnt even shed a tear. It helped get me moving around more but, it wasnt really helping my depression. I wasnt happy at all and my anhedonia still persisted. Also, on top of all that Prozac made me lose my libido/sex drive even after I stopped taking it over 6 weeks ago. Im scared my libido/sex drive is never going to come back. This is why I only rated this drug a 1."
"I tend to go on and off it when I am well. I hate the sexual side effects but it works almost immediately for me. I get headaches and trouble sleeping but when it works I feel so normal it is priceless and worth the grief."
"I have lost 34 pounds over the past six months with not a lot with not a lot of effort - this drug is made a big difference in my life. My appetite has decreased which is amazing to me."
"I was given Dilaudid for pain control.  I had diverticulitis and the Dilaudid worked great for about 1 1/2 hours.  The pain returned after that."
"I took this medicine 10 years ago, it was wonderful and cleared my skin. It looked healthy, glowing and my large pores shrunk, my life returned to normal and I felt fantastic.  This drug changed my life and the effects have lasted years but I am back on it.  My skin started becoming very oily again and my deep nodular acne started to return.  My hospital has placed me back on this medicine and I&#039;ve been taking it for two weeks. Already I am seeing a difference, the grease has gone but I have very dry lips and skin.  It is wonderful though, I don&#039;t need to wash my hair every day like I was doing."
"Both my boys have been taking Risperidal. My eldest for about 1.5yrs and my younger boy for about 6 months. This medication has been excellent to reduce their aggression, however my biggest concern is that they both have gone from being around the 5th percentile for weight for age (underweight) to 81st and 93rd percentile for weight (very overweight). This itself has caused problems."
"The medication seem to work, is very expense and I have to do without it for 2 to 4 days. Looking for a generic. I am on a fixed income. I have a intermediate job. Trying to pay some old bills. Paying for this prescribed medication hinder me."
"I started using Victoza almost a year ago, but before I started it my blood sugar was out of control. It went up to 400&#039;s and I let it stay there because I was losing weight with it that high. Lost about 15 lbs that way, then went on Victoza and lost another 45 lbs. my sugar levels were perfect. "
"Very good for nerve pain, helps with sleep but are slightly groggy in the morning."
"I&#039;ve been on Combivent for years and then had an allergic reaction to it which put me in the ER. Had severe skin burning and itching all over. Now have to stop it. It did help my breathing so not happy about this allergic reaction happening to me."
"I was on Cyclafem for many years and would not recommend women use this drug after the age of 44. I got estrogen positive breast cancer at age 50 and I believe it was from being on birth control for 25 years and especially after age 45.  I have a super clean medical history and I did genetic testing and my cancer is not genetic or hereditary in my family.  I wish my gynocologist would have told me about the serious risk for women ages 45-50 taking birth control pills like Cyclafem and getting hormonal, estrogen breast cancer."
"I used the ring for a little over 2yrs.  Switched over to it from the patch.  My hubby could feel it, I sure could when mountain biking - and made me gain weight.  Oh, and no sex drive at all.  Just switched to Levora...fingers crossed!"
"I had Nexplanon put in last Friday, six weeks post partum. I had not gotten my first period before insertion and still have not gotten it. I haven&#039;t had any bleeding or spotting. I&#039;m actually not having any issues at all with the Nexplanon other than the ugly bruising at the injection site. I have read reports or headaches and depression but I haven&#039;t had that either.. No weight gain either, I&#039;ve actually lost 2 lbs since I&#039;ve been on it. Hopefully none of this will change."
"instant relief compared to ointment in the eye."
"Rating of 5 for now, should be getting my first period tomorrow if this works like my Microgestin fe 1/20 did. Body is still adjusting to this pill. Pros: Sex drive has increased. Every other BCP killed my sex drive. Breasts seem bigger, but maybe that&#039;s just me being hopeful. Con: Acne has gotten a bit worse, especially on my arms. I am getting more tiny pustule pimples than I was, but I have also been eating a lot more junk lately. Weight has gone up a couple pounds which is okay since I was having trouble gaining weight anyway, but like I said, I haven&#039;t been eating too well. No increase in headaches from my normal amount, and no weird mood swings. I take my pill before bed so I don&#039;t notice any nausea. So far, I feel great."
"I got it coz i forgot a pill then got knocked up lol, the abortion clinic suggested it and i thought &quot;oooo no more pills&quot; plus it costs me nothing as the NHS covered it... I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon in for four months now!Aside the constant mood swings,unpredictable periods that could go on for weeks,absent mindedness and anxiety,its great! Cant get pregnant,insatiable sexual appetite, i lost the 16lbs i gained during the pregnancy in a week!!!(from size 12-8 now) and I&#039;m still loosing weight; as this may be unhealthy I&#039;m going to get checked...im not sure if the pros outweighs the cons but getting any kind of implant depends on your tolerance to side effects because they ALL have side effects."
"I have been suffering from pain from Tennis Elbow. Now, no pain; but be careful with dosage. I was groggy for 51hrs fooling with one 100mg dose when I was supposed to be taking it 3 times a day. "
"I am 59 now and have have  had migranes and grand mals since I was a teenager. I was put on Inderal when I was in my twenties. Diagnosed with bipolar and depression by the time I was 30 and put on Prozac and Imitex. THANK GOD FOR IMITREX. That meant I didn&#039;t have to be taken to the emergency room 4 or 5 times a month. I was taken off of the Inderal many years ago when I was put on the Prozac. About 3 years ago my Doctor put me on Topamax 50mg twice a day and as long as I take it as directed I have only gone to the hospital 2 times since I have been on it. I still have have a migraine about once a month but the Imitrex takes care of it. "
"I had to post bc all the other posts were so helpful to me - as I was sitting on the toilet. Firstly, it tastes like crap.  Like the taste you have in your mouth the morning after a long night of drinking.  Disgusting. I did take the advice and use a straw second time around. It helped but geez.  You&#039;ll want to drink that first glass of water afterwards.  The second glass is tough. I only made it through 12 oz (rather than 16oz) first round - I felt like I was going to be sick.  2nd round, I finished it.Prep seems to be working - not painful but certainly uncomfortable. Most of the activity was in the first hour - 2nd hour things slow down (yeah!).  Last night, I was able to go to bed 3 hours after, only had to get up once. Procedure soon!"
"I started Chantix two weeks ago. I have smoked since I was 23, started when I was in college during the 60&#039;s. I probably smoked at least a pack a day. I am now very close to 70 years old and was still smoking. I was have some minor mouth and throat problems and I knew what was causing these problems-smoking. After going to the doctor, I discovered that I have vocal cord problems. The doctor found large growths on my vocal cords. He said if you do not quit smoking, you will die. So, I started Chantix and I have had very few side effects. I just started week 3 and I have not smoked the last 2 weeks. I am having some issues with nicotine withdrawal. I have handled these withdrawals with swimming, walking, and reading consistently."
"Worst cream out there!!! I&#039;ve used this before and it never burn/itch as much as it did this time. Once I inserted the cream the pain and the itch was so incredible ridiculous. I felt better before this and this is marketed for itch relief how is that??? I don&#039;t know how this is even still in the market to be sold. Please please don&#039;t use!"
"Sinus infection:  Started using this product 4 days ago and so far nothing is happening? Still total congestion, massive sinus headaches on and off (more on then off), the only thing this medication has managed to give me is diarrhea?  Will give this another day then go back to the doctor.  Not sure this is the right medication for me."
"I have been drinking and doing various drugs since the age of 13. I am 38 now with three great kids and a husband who thank goodness has never kicked me out. My latest thing has been Percocet, Vicodin, Oxy. Then after a while that stops working so you go to the needle....dilaudid and morphine for over a year. This week I finally said enough! I went to detox and got this amazing drug Suboxone. I left that detox on the smallest dose I could handle, 4mg daily. This drug is going to save my life! I have a sense of peace, a feeling of mental clarity, and NO desire to use anything, including alcohol. Get on Suboxone if you need it....It can save your life! PS. No side effects except mild constipation, but who cares! I finally feel HUMAN!"
"I have insomnia to a point where I only get about eight hours of sleep per week. I tried 25 mg of doxylamine succinate with no luck on getting sleep. I guess I just don&#039;t get sleepy for anything. I am afraid to take more than directed."
"I began taking this medication Sunday morning. About 2 hours after I took the first pill. I began having painful stomach cramps that began near my diaphragm and moved all over my stomach. I also started in with diarrhea. Monday after taking it I still had the diarrhea but was also feeling very queasy. This morning I took the last pill I will ever take. I still had the diarrhea, but I  also had an unimaginably painful migraine, and started vomiting uncontrollably. It was so bad that I even aspirated it a couple times because I couldn&#039;t stop long enough to take a breath. I was in the ER from 10am-3pm on nausea and pain meds. I have never felt like I was going to die until today. Please be careful while on this medication."
"This shot is ridiculous. Do not get it, you won&#039;t stop bleeding.  I got my first and only one in October 2016, I never went back for another one because I couldn&#039;t stop bleeding, I gained weight, no sex drive at all, it&#039;s awful.  Please don&#039;t get it. I can&#039;t even have sex because I can&#039;t stop bleeding, so why the heck did I get it in the first place.  Again it&#039;s ridiculous."
"My Dr. switched me from Risperidone to Geodon because of weight gain. I had taken Geodon back in 2002 and didn&#039;t have any side effects that I can recall.  However this time it was a nightmare. As soon as I started taking it I felt sick. The side effects I experienced: Sore throat, cough, sore throat glands, restlessness, acid indigestion, heartburn, belching, depression, rash on my neck, loss of appetite, back pain, joint pain, flatulence, hot flashes, insomnia, unable to stay asleep, exhausted. I was on it for 2 1/2 weeks. My Dr. told me to stop cold turkey. The withdrawal was hell.  I was dizzy for a week, hot flashes, chills, shaking, nauseous, vomiting, terrible spasms in my thighs. It took about 8 days for me to feel better."
"I&#039;ve been on paragard since Aug I&#039;ve been on my period since I&#039;ve only stopped a total of maybe 3 weeks out of 6 months horrible. What can  I do helpppppppp"
"Starting weight 194 3 weeks later 181. Very few side effects,fill up faster curbs cravings and  I am happier!"
"My 8 year old has been on abilify for almost a year now.  She has gained about 30 lbs, but she is very active and still fit.  She is autistic and has severe aggression tendencies toward herself and others. She had been on respiridol before and it did nothing for her.  Now, she takes 11 ml and we increase it 1 ml every four weeks until she is more stable.  She has greatly improved on this medication but still has a long way to go."
"I have had Mirena for about 9 months now. I do not use it for birth control as my husband is fixed. :) I use it for bleeding control. I would bleed myself into anemia on my periods. It has stopped that completely. I only spot for a day or two. The side effects I feel is lower sex drive, gained 10lbs, and it was painful to insert with mild cramping. I do get headaches, cramps and sore breasts when I ovulate but that is it. I like it and it has helped the bleeding now I just wish I could get my sex drive back and loose weight. Guess it&#039;s time to go to the gym and eat healthy.  :)"
"I have PTSD with panic attacks. When these come on it&#039;s terrifying to say the least! I take half a tablet and about 30 mins later I am calm. It has truly been a life saver for me. Like a lot of people here I went to the ER 3 times thinking I was dying all tests revealed nothing wrong with me."
"I have been taking Cymbalta 60 mg for about 3 years. At the beginning, I was lightheaded and actually lost about 10 lbs. Over the last year or so, I have become increasingly lethargic - just tired all of the time and have gained about 15 lbs. Have decided to wean off to get some energy back and hopefully lose some weight. It worked for my depression for a while, but has lately lost a lot of effectiveness."
"I LOVE this BS!!! This is the first BC I&#039;ve ever taken in my life, I&#039;m almost 26. I have been on it for about a year now and I&#039;ve NEVER had any symptom or negative side effect. I&#039;ve lost weight instead of gain, no acne, no pain in legs or any other part of my body, no cramps, and no spotting either. I haven&#039;t had my period since I&#039;ve been taking this pill. I&#039;m not pregnant either haha. It&#039;s the best thing that&#039;s happened to me! I highly suggest taking this form of BC, it&#039;s been nothing but amazing for me."
"My close friend&#039;s very healthy 12 year old daughter was on Solodyn for what I would consider mild to moderate acne.  A few weeks ago she started having significant stomach pain.  They thought it was lactose intolerance, then maybe gluten intolerance.  The pain worsened.  Then she became severely constipated.  The doctors did all types of GI testing.  She began vomiting uncontrollably for days on end.  Only upon going to the ER did they find after some blood work specifically checking for liver problems, that she had elevated enzymes.  Scans showed liver enlargement.  They took her off of the Solodyn.  A few days later her liver is showing improvement and she can eat a bit.  Official diagnosis was drug induced liver damage from the Solodyn."
"I was put on this pill to help out with my crazy emotions that I get about a week before my period. I almost done with my first 3 month dose and I have found that I have a big increase in my appetite. I have been experiencing more severe migrains and I get dizzy/lightheaded for a couple of minutes quite often. My skin has been breaking out with little pimples that are coverable but I can feel them and have never been there before. I have been on a variety of pills and this one has seemed to give me the most side effects. Since I have been on this pill I find myself getting extremely emotional about little things."
"This worked great for me until my Doctor retired and the new Doctor taking over patients wont prescribe it.  Now ringing in ears is back in full force."
"2 months ago I refused to be seen without makeup on infront of my family and friends in my OWN home, I was at a  loss and had visited the doctors numerous occasions to try and sort it, I had been on everything from creams to antibiotics and EpiDuo was my last option then I&#039;d be referred to a specialist. Initially I hated the stuff, it burned my face like really really bad sunburn and I was constantly red but I persisted, now 2 months later I walked through  Birmingham Grand Central on a busy day with not a scratch of makeup on and felt completely comfortable with my skin! My friends asked if I had makeup on and were so shocked when I said no! I still have a few acne scars but they are dying down as the months go by, it&#039;s great"
"I have severe migranes I whould say on a monthly basis and usualy they give me in the  ER room morphine thru the IV but one time the doctor decided to give me this Reglan which change my life in to the worst ! I do not know how this medicine can treat something  ! I felt like burning sensation first in to my stomach and then I started to think that I&#039;m going to die because I wanted to pull out the IV and I was restless , shaking , panicking , anxious and I wanted to pull put the IV line.  The nurses looked at me like I was possessed by demon ! After one year I still feel anxious and weird I know this med change my life in to the worst !"
"Zoloft has helped me to be more social and therefore make more friends. It also makes me feel less awkward and just overall more happy."
"Started having migraines about ten years ago. The only treatment that has ever worked for me is Depakote. Everybody is different, but for me this was a Godsend. Nothing worked and Topomax was only a temporary solution. The thing is that after a two month regiment my headaches completely went away. I stopped taking the medication for two or three years before my migraines returned. I went on another regiment and again I went several years without a headache. Yes, I did have slight weight gain, and yes it did affect my ability to perform sexually, but I did not have to continue taking it for more than 3 months. Cysticercosis as a child and a catalyst of factors cause my headaches. Depakote works."
"I started on Lomaira about a month ago and I&#039;ve lost 25 lbs about 10% of my body weight. Ive been dieting and doing light exercise. 

I don&#039;t have any side effects and I take the full dose 3x a day. Hopefully I will continue to lose weight. Price isn&#039;t too bad and way cheaper than anything else my doctor recommended."
"I love this birth control. Cleared up my acne, no mood swings, no weight gain, and light periods that happened like clock work!"
"Awesome, wipes out blisters due to poison ivy, in two days."
"I started taking Contrave on 5/4/17. I&#039;ve GAINED 2 pounds. It is not worth the $165 it costs. It does nothing to suppress my appetite and gives some monster headaches. It also gave me no energy at all. It actually does the opposite, makes me so sleepy I can barely hold my eyes open. The side effects have subsided some but are still noticeable. I won&#039;t refill the prescription and am only taking the remainder because I paid so much for the pills. I only wanted to drop 20 pounds but this isn&#039;t the diet pill for me."
"I can tell an immediate difference when using this medication."
"I&#039;m currently wrapped up under my sheets wanting to cry , I can&#039;t take this anymore . Feeling mild burning but inside my vagina ITCHES!!! It&#039;s that bad !!"
"If Advair is causing side effects in your mouth and throat, TRY RINSING AND GARGLING WITH SALT WATER immediately after using Advair.  This simple process has made Advair tolerable.  And like my doctor says, &quot;You must breathe&quot;. "
"I am 54 years old with severe COPD, I have been in and out of hospital over the past 3 years. It seemed no matter what I did or took, within a week or two of leaving the hospital I started having exacerbations reaching desperately for my nebulizar rescue treatment several times a day. A month ago I was given samples to try for a month. I haven&#039;t used the nebulizer for maintenance (4 times a day) nor needed a rescue treatment since using this medication. BUT at the end of the month the pain in my joints has brought me to tears, I&#039;ve had very little energy and having nightmares every night.
I am to try another medication for a month, hopefully I&#039;ll still be able to go without needing to use the nebulizer treatments and less side effects"
"Nucynta has worked very well for all my aches and pain, from the most severe to those I didn&#039;t even know I had.  At first, it did make me groggy which was a problem, but I kept taking it anyway because it did take away most of my pain.  After a couple of months of use, it takes away my pain, just like it did at the beginning, but I no longer feel sleepy.  I feel energetic, happier and am able very active because I hardly feel any pain.  I highly recommend it, but you do have to give it a chance because once your body adapts to it, the adverse effects far outweigh the benefits."
"I started using Phendimetrazine 35mg about 8 weeks ago.  I lost 20lbs.  I was amazed at the results but I also take additional supplements and vitamins too.  I&#039;m being seen by 2 doctors.  One takes care of my general health, the other weight management.  I started out at 190 lbs and now I&#039;m at 170 and counting. I recently started taking the 105mg.  I&#039;m not used to it yet.  It really suppressed my appetite.  If I didn%u2019t think to eat, I wouldn&#039;t have.  I must keep my metabolism active.  What I don&#039;t like about it is it keeps me awake and I don&#039;t get good sleep at night.  I was told to take the 105mg and then the 35mg at dinnertime if needed.  If you have a hunger issue, 105mg is the one for you. Its serious but please eat a little. It works though."
"The pharmacy made an error last month, accidentally giving me Zarah vs. my regular Vestura.  I don&#039;t know what it is about this pill, but my body went haywire -- mood swings, swollen tender breasts, a few lbs. weight gain (even though I am on a strict 1500 diet that didn&#039;t change), fatigue, sensory changes (smell/taste).  My partner and I were both convinced I was pregnant until my period finally came!  On the plus side -- my skin looks amazing and no spotting like I get on Vestura..but these side effects are too much!"
"I took Cymbalta for 7 weeks for post-partum anxiety/depression. After the initial week of feeling nausea and fatigue, I started to feel better. I stayed on 30 mg, but found after 5 weeks I was having vivid, disturbing dreams, insomnia, sweating, and the anxiety came back. 
I started tapering off, and even at the low dose the withdrawls are quite uncomfortable - after tapering and stopping the drug I still get a buzz/pulse/shock like sensation in my head almost constantly after a week. Great if it helps, but hard to get off!"
"I was given Atenolol for rapid heartbeat and high blood pressure, I was on recruiting duty and had started these problems, plus I started to have migraine headaches several times a week.  When the army doctor started treating me for the rapid heartbeat and high blood pressure, my migraines stopped. I seldom get any migraines now. I&#039;ve been taking Atenolol since the mid 1980&#039;s. The Atenolol was a miracle drug for me."
"Quit using Trulicity after 5 shots.
Had every side effect in the book. Always nauseous, stomach pain, diarrhea, no appetite at all. Just felt like I was sick with the flu. Lost 7lbs in those weeks because I could not bring myself to eat.
Also, sugar readings were not impressive - were brought down somewhat but still spiked after just eating a little bit. Had expected more since it said it would cause pancreas to produce insulin after eating."
"I had gotten addicted to Lortab and ask my doctor to take me off it because I just hated not being in control of a medicine. I have Fibromyalgia, so I needed something that would help. After different meds, that did not work, he gave me a shot of Toradol, I was amazed when it took effect! For the first time in a long time my whole body felt pain free. You would think miracle medicine, right? Well, it was however, the side effects of constipation and upset stomach, bloating, heartburn, not urinating enough, the medicine scared me (he also gave me the Toradol pills). I have an appoinment with my doctor tomorrow and I hate that I will have to be taken off this med. If you have great relief with no side effects, it is great!"
"I&#039;m 50, I quit drinking 3 years ago, and have been on meds for high blood pressure, and high Cholesterol. I had shoulder surgery in January, and the pain has been terrible. I have been taking pain meds. I have had no desire, or no ability to perform sexually over the past couple years. My doctor tested and my T was only 100. Extremely low. He started me on the patch, and after 3 days, I haven&#039;t noticed much change, I&#039;m hoping it kicks in, and I get the results I am looking for. My insurance does cover all but $30, so that&#039;s a plus. Hoping for the best."
"Levaquin and sunlight do not mix. Cover up if you are outside while taking it. Otherwise you will burn and burn quickly. But the stuff works."
"I used to take 75mg 2x a day and quit. I felt like it was not working and had terrible side effects. 
After 6 months of not taking medications, and situations got hard to cope, I asked to be put back on. 
The second time around, the 75mg had me very nervous, anxious, dizzy and &quot;dopey&quot;. The doctors said that the immediate release is harsh on your system and switched me to 150 mg XL. And just 3 days in to the new dose, I do not have such harsh side effects. The only side effects I have is no appetite, dry mouth and vivid dreams. 
Overall, I am no longer having obsessive negative thoughts (which triggered my anxiety), so I&#039;m overall not as anxious or having panic attacks. I feel more motivated and energetic, but its only 3 days in on this dose."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication more times than I can remember and it always works wonderfully. The only side effect is some sleepiness but make sure to drink enough water and have a little caffeine."
"I started to take pristiq 100mg 9 days ago. For the first day i got dizzy and throwed up 1 time. For the first week i felt so good. I woke up early and very prepared to work. Also could stop smoking for 7 days. After 7 days i became with the bad mood like i was before and smoke again. I will keep taking this medicine to see the results and i hope that my depression go away and stabilize"
"When I first got on the pill I saw no real side effects. In the second month my period was all over the place but has regulated and become lighter and shorter since. I did see bad acne underneath my skin right after my first period but that lasted a day and since my skin has been clearer. My breasts are increasing in size. And I have yet to get pregnant. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings or depression. I still have a great sex drive and have had a great experience with this pill. Weight wise I&#039;ve lost a couple pounds in the 3 1/2 months I&#039;ve been on it despite my Poor eating habits. My friend didn&#039;t have a good experience after the first month and stopped. But birth control messes with hormones so it&#039;ll get worse before it gets better while you adjust."
"Had my second of three Euflexxa injections yesterday afternoon and am finding that my knee feels better with each shot.  The injections result in a bit of a pinch followed by brief pressure, but are not painful.  Seven years ago, the same doctor who is administering the shots, scoped my knee to shave off bone spurs, vacuum bone chips, perform a lateral release and micro-fracture.  Ultimately, the knee is going to have to be replaced, but I&#039;m hanging my hopes on Euflexxa for several years of additional relief before taking the jump to surgery.  The downside is that my insurance company, Regence, will no longer cover Euflexxa beginning July 1, 2015.  I intend to write a letter recounting my success to appeal for continuing coverage."
"I got the nexolanon implant in September 2015, yet I&#039;m still having side effects. My periods are incredibly irregular, either having them one after the other immediately or not having any at all for at least 4 months. When I do get my periods, they&#039;re either extremely heavy or barely even there. The cramps I get are unbearable, so if anyone wanted nexplanon.... don&#039;t even bother thinking about it."
"At 24 after struggling with hormonal chin acne (that flared before period) and occasional breakouts in my t-zone, my derm prescribed 65mg Solodyn, and Retin A in conjunction with a cleansing routine 2x a day using Cerave followed by Simple Smoothing Toner. At first, I did not see much improvement.  Then at the one-month mark, all hell broke loose; I broke out like crazy for 2-3 weeks, huge zits in areas of my face that were not previously a problem.  I was embarrassed and ready to call it quits, but after reading about it getting worse before it got better, I ordered my refill and decided to give it time.  Suddenly, 1.5ish months in, success! No new breakouts (fingers crossed), and I even just started my cycle. Patience is the key w/ Solodyn"
"Provigil is one of, if not the most effective medicines I have ever been prescribed. I had never heard of it when my doctor prescribed it. At first, I took 100MG 1-2 times a day. Now after 3  years, I take 200MG 2 times daily. "
"I was recently prescribed this medication for migraines. I used it for the first time a few days ago for a migraine that lasted 11 hours. I took four doses over that time and experienced no relief at all. In fact, it made feel even worse- all spacey sick and dizzy- and not in a nice way. The only pain killer that has ever worked for my migraines was Demerol, and I don&#039;t see my doctor giving me that any time soon. Such a shame since Butorphanol sounded so good being a strong narcotic nasal spray, I was really hoping it would work."
"I had a herniated disc and take Percocet 5/325 to manage pain and it makes it possible for me to have a good day. If you dont stay ahead of the pain then u will have a difficult time getting the pain back under control. I have been on percocet since August 2012 and dry mouth and sweating are my side effects. I take fernagan for naseau and upset stomache. I take with my dosage of 1.5 tablets every 8 hours. I worry about withdrawal but the pain made me nonfunctional. It is the lesser of two evils. I had back surgery but my nerve was &quot; mangled&quot; so my recovery time is longer than expected."
"I was put on viberzi. Took one pill before bed on Tuesday and one before bed on Wednesday 75mg each. To say this has been a nightmare is an understatement. Within an hour of the second pill I had severe abdominal and back pain. Also, pain that went into the right side of my chest. It is 12:00 Thursday and I haven&#039;t taken another pill nor will I, but I am completely worn out and still in full pain throughout my body. I was so hopeful for this. Be careful!"
"I began seeing my doctor for neck problems, I cannot take oral NSAID&#039;S due to Crohns disease so my doctor suggested to try them as an alternative. I had every test run from an Ortho and Neurologist with no reasoning for my neck problems other than Fibro.  Sometime the back of my neck swells around two nerves on both sides that go into my arms and head, I&#039;ve tried every narcotic there is but nothing but a Flector patch helps. Recently I had a very extensive knee surgery with an 8-12 month recovery time and once the incision healed I was given the okay to use these, they helped tremendously. I now have an injury while recovering and they are my life saver once again. They are very expensive but worth every penny."
"Abilify worked wonderfully for me when taken with Effexor, if it weren&#039;t for the restlessness I felt I&#039;d still be on it."
"Have had migraines since I was in my 20&#039;s. Like many have said I was given Toradol, Cafergot, Darvocet, birth control pills, Elavil, Inderal and nothing worked. Have had to go to ER at least 2-3x yearly over the years. Twenty years ago I had a severe neck injury and closed head injury after a car accident and my migraines went from a monthly occurrence to daily. I was also given the nerve block shots at the base of the skull. My ER visits increased to several times a year. Finally, a co-worker who also suffered from migraines asked if I had ever tried Excedrin or been prescribed Fioricet. I hadn&#039;t, so I asked my doctor and he wrote a script for it. That was 20 years ago and I haven&#039;t had an ER visit since. I am 60 now."
"NUVIGIL works excellent on treating my clinical depression resistant to an antidepressant such as Zoloft. I have never felt so much in control, until I took NUVIGIL."
"Eyes are much less irritated.  Still have occasional pain from dry eyes, especially at night, but am only using other eye drops every half hour in evenings instead of every few minutes all day long.  I keep vials in refrigerator and am able to use 1 vial for 2-3 days, so cost is not prohibitive."
"Was put on this medication by my GP having used patches, and inhalers to no avail."
"DO NOT GET THIS INJECTION.
After the injection I was bleeding constantly for 4 months afterwards, I could not even have sex because it was like I was on my period every single day. After the 4 months of bleeding it finally stopped for about 3 days, then once again I was bleeding, I&#039;m still bleeding and I see no sign of it going away. PLEASE DO NOT GET THIS INJECTION."
"Good results but I have hot flashes when I take it."
"I&#039;ve battled with booze for 20 years ten years ago started taking revia was taking it wrong started drinking than took the pill felt weird as hell quit/ next time take naltrexone monday though thursday no drinking get tanked on weekends lasted 3 months/ had 4 captain and cokes had my son in car decided to race aferrari 110 mph in a 30 mph zone hated myself. spent $ 1200 got a shot of vivitrol stayed sober for 34 days really worked started back easy got up to a handle every 3 days was outta control went to detox .day i got out had campral in medicine cabinet take 2 pills in morning 2 pills at 5pm 2,5 mg valium and 5mg valium at 9pm been sober for four months lost 25 pounds everybody notices the difference trust me this really works and its easy"
"I started NuvaRing when I was 15, I don&#039;t trust the pill and have only had nuvaring,(recently switched to skyla.) I was on NuvaRing for 5 years. I liked it. It did get a little annoying because it would sometimes start to hang low due to certain sex. Helped with cramps, but periods got confusing. Found out  I misused for a few months to a year, messed up my timing on my calendar. But I was still fine. I recommend it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Camrese Lo for about a month now I haven&#039;t had any serious side effects like nausea heartburn or abnormal bleeding. But I have been getting some acne which is actually very inconvenient being that I&#039;m going away in 2 days. These aren&#039;t just little pimples you pop and have no worries but they&#039;re sore pimples that give headaches. I don&#039;t normally have pimples so this is a lot for me. Other than that it&#039;s pretty okay just the acne is a complete blow."
"I was prescribed gabapentin for sleep 200 mg. This is my first week giving it a go, I will post back after one week. I have been ulta sensitive to other given, I am hopeful this one will work. My sister takes it for nerve pain with success..."
"Have been on Cymbalta for 6 months and no side effects but no help for fibromyalgia BUT wonderful for depression and anxiety (was previously on Prozac for 13 years).  I take 1 x 20mg in the morning.  I recently started using Ultram 100mg SR as well and the combination is unbelievable as I have had fibro for 35 years (only diagnosed 16 years ago).  I have a life, I may be able to clean my house, go out with friends.  I hope this could work for you."
"I was diagnosed with genital herpes 30 years ago. My ex-husband gave it to me knowing he had it. He was having active sores but didn&#039;t tell me. I found out after my doctor did a test years later. At the time the only thing available was an ointment. It helped but I was having outbreaks about every 6 weeks &amp; miserable. I was not sexually active during my outbreaks &amp; only had one partner who knew. He did not get it. Generic acyclovir pills became available at a price I could afford, I started taking 400 mgs twice a day. I&#039;ve been on it for 8 years &amp;!have not had one outbreak. It&#039;s been great &amp; I don&#039;t have side effects. I have MS which is an autoimmune disease. It may be why I had such severe outbreaks. I&#039;m not ever going to stop taking it."
"I have had the Mirena in for a year now. I&#039;m 29 and I haven&#039;t had babies. I&#039;ve tried all sorts of birth control pills and Nuva-Ring. All they ever did was cause depression and mood swings. Mirena on the other hand has been a blessing to my uterus. I had slight cramping the first day or two and since then my periods have disappeared, I haven&#039;t had a period in 6 months, no monthly symptoms either. Mr. Mirena deserves a trophy and a million dollar mansion for his kind help."
"With Lutera I had a good experience. I had light but regular periods. My only complaint was I got horrible headaches right before my period and during my period. My cramps were tolerable if at all. I did not notice any weight gain and my moods were pretty regular. I only switched to something different because the headaches were too much and I got a new doctor and she said that there were too much hormones in this and lowered my dose of estrogen with a different birth control."
"Started taking phendimetrazine last Tuesday opted to be part of a study that a friend of mine told me about. I&#039;m 5&#039;9, 144lbs - by no means overweight. Yet, I was trying to shed just 10-15lbs to get back down to the weight I once loved and felt my best at. 2 a day an hour before meals. First day it suppressed my appetite and I was more than a little surprised - thought I hit the jackpot, as I am the queen of snacking throughout the day. 2nd and 3rd day didn&#039;t work as well as the first, 4th and 5th day worked good again. Now I&#039;m on my 7th day and today it hardly worked. Not sure what all the back and forth is about because I haven&#039;t done anything different. I will say that I&#039;ve dropped 4lbs in the past week, but I&#039;m also taking water pills."
"Citalopram really helped with my anxiety and depression. It stabilizes my mood and keeps me from feeling the physical symptoms of anxiety which really helps. I don&#039;t have constant mood swings and it takes a lot for me to get upset now. I don&#039;t really have too many side effects except for sinus problems and constant yawning.. don&#039;t know if anyone else experiences this. At first I could not sleep, and the pill made me a little nauseous but if taken with food the nausea goes away and dissipates. I was skeptical about taking antidepressants of any kind since this was my first one and I worry a lot. But this pill has made it easier to deal with things in a non noticeable way. I actually have started feeling like myself again."
"Doctor prescribed a month ago.  Today is my first follow-up and I lost 14 lbs.  Initially, dry mouth, insomnia, and slight headache plagued me.  But after about 5 days, all of that subsided.  I only eat chicken, turkey, and white fish, veggies and fruit while working out for at least an hour, 4 days per week.  After a cup of black coffee in the morning, the only other drink all day is water.  I hope the progress continues.....goal is to lose 40 lbs and keep it off this time!"
"Nothing else has worked. I&#039;m 37 and never had acne until a year ago. This medication was my last option my dr was running out of options but it has helped greatly. It burned at first and looked like I was sunburned but aloe gel or Cetaphil helps greatly without breaking you out. I highly recommend"
"Alright ladies, my experience with Mirena entails no gruesome or terrifying stories that will make you run for the hills. My experience with Mirena has been fairly good.  I got Mirena approximately 6 months ago. Beforehand I was entirely frightened due to the horrible reviews that people post on the internet. But let me just straighten this out. Some people do have bad experiences but those people are the ones who feel obligated to narrate their story to the world.  So I&#039;ll be the one to write something positive.  Slight pain during the insertion, nothing worse than cramps.  A month of irregular bleeding. Only to be followed by four months of glorious period free time.  I occasionally get spotting but it isn&#039;t anything bad at all."
"I have had some level of depression for decades.  Also have some form of anxiety I have never understood as to why, PG calls it social anxiety. After being prescribed a series of anti-depressants for years I landed on Venlafaxine and have been taking it for 20 years 150 mg by GP  Tried to stop gradually as GP required but found I must need it due to a chemical imbalance rather than a life situation.  Only one minor side effect is dizziness. Can avoid this by eating something and drinking a full glass of water when taking it.  Drink minimum 6-8 glasses of water a day, more if needed as this will also alleviate dizziness.  I don&#039;t know how helpful it would be if my life fell apart completely.  But it has worked fine for me all these years."
"I&#039;ve been taking Benedryl Allergy every four hours today to try to get some relief from my hives, but it hasn&#039;t helped at all. The most relief I felt was during an oatmeal bath."
"I have been on fluoxetine for many years. I tried to switch to another medication, but found quickly most of them did not compare to fluoxetine. The only other two medications I have been successful with were Cymbalta, mirtazapine,and Seroquel. I took the Seroquel with the fluoxetine, but I stopped it about a month ago because of the weight gain and high risk of diabetes. I have gone back to the mirtazapine in combination with the fluoxetine and it is working just wonderful! I too have began to see what it is to live a life without so much sadness, worry and obsessive and compulsive thoughts and not wanting to live anymore. I wish all of you the very best of luck."
"I&#039;m currently on my 5th week of Differin. Things aren&#039;t looking up. I&#039;m in college and I&#039;m currently interning before I get into med school - this means everyday practical exams and everyday patient evaluation. I&#039;ve lost all my self esteem - I wish I never went on Differin in the first place. Should I stop it? I was said it took 6-12 weeks to see results, and improvement right after the first month. That never happened and honestly, I no longer want to return to my dermatologist. It was an absolute waste of money and time.  My face is exploding with cysts, especially on my nose. And I hate seeing my patients like this. What should I do?"
"Adderall has been a blessing to me. I take 30mg twice a day and my thinking has become so much more clear. I am now able to pay attention and absorb what is going on around me. I have had no negative side effects except for an occasional night where it might take me an extra 30 minutes to fall asleep. I still have a healthy appetite since taking Adderall. This medicine has made my life so much better."
"I started 5 mg two days ago and I feel better already. No more sweaty palms or burning forehead due to high anxiety! I take it in the morning so I am able to sleep at night. I tried Zoloft and Celexa and could not take either one for more than two days! Horrific side effects for me! I pray each day gets better and better! This is my first time taking an antidepressant. I highly recommend for people with anxiety! Good luck"
"I have suffered from vaginal/vulva pain since menopause started about 5 years ago. I&#039;ve been treated by various doctors for vulvodynia/interstitial cystitis but my current doctor suggested the Estring because I have obvious atrophy symptoms that could account for a lot of my symptoms. Sadly this product just made my vaginal/bladder issues worse - pressure, irritation and discharge. I waited 3 weeks but finally removed it myself. Hoping I&#039;ll start feeling better soon. I wasted $279 to feel even worse. They should consider a redesign with a softer and more comfortable ring and bioidentical estrogen to reduce health risks. I&#039;ve seen a lot of negative reactions online to this."
"I&#039;ve been on several different types of seizure medications for the past 18 years when I developed the seizure disorder (due to car accident).  This is by far the best medication I have taken.  I&#039;m not as tired, depressed or lethargic as I was on the previous medications."
"Excellent pain relief, but the side effects made it impossible to continue using it. My dosage was 10mcg. Severe hypersensitivity reactions within two weeks and had to go to ER three times and doctor twice, because of horrible allergic reactions: facial swelling, throat swelling and raw to the point of barely able to swallow and unable to speak, blood pressure and pulse skyrocketed, had to use Epi pen twice in 24-hours, scary. If a person doesn&#039;t have side effects with the patch, the pain relief is excellent. If a person has potentially life threatening side effects, as I did, the fact that the patch is providing pain relief is irrelevant."
"I received the Liletta IUD on March 1, 2017. For the first two days, I had severe cramping but no bleeding. However, since having it in, I have experienced almost every side effect, except losing my hair. I also think that it has moved out of place because at times, I can feel it and it is painful. Especially, during my periods. I am considering having it removed."
"Been on Contrave for a month. I GAINED WEIGHT! 4 LBS and terrible side effects, dry mouth and constant headaches for the first two weeks and night sweats which have finally stopped. When I take the full dose, I can&#039;t sleep and feel dizzy. I will use up the rest of the bottle and see what happens. Just started the 21 Day Fix and see if I can lose the 4lbs I gained. 
Also the Scale Down scale is inaccurate. compared to my weight watchers that is right next to it, Scale Down is 1.5 lb more."
"Useful adjunct to age related Adult Attention Deficit Decline/disorder. Also some additional employment shift differential sleep disorder/narcoleptic (sleepiness on the work site) potential for accidents due to inattentiveness."
"I got on Nexplanon in mid July 2015. The longest I&#039;ve ever been off of my period since I got it implanted is about 2 weeks. Since I&#039;ve had it implanted I&#039;ve gone between 2 to14 days per month with no bleeding, with the average being less than a week. I&#039;m 25, I&#039;ve never been on birth control before. I have gained about 10lbs, minor acne outbreaks around my upper back. I have experienced pretty regular tiredness and depression. A comment on here mentioned the dark, rust colored bleeding, I experience that regularly. I&#039;m super close to having it removed because of the constant bleeding. No arguing that it works tho. Haven&#039;t used protection since I&#039;ve been on it. And the implantation process itself was not really painful."
"I had my 8th child in Nov/2015.I  received a depo shot before I was discharged. I had a quick break between postpartum bleeding and my period.  Then all sudden now my periods are 2-3 weeks long.  :( I&#039;m on day 9 right now. Still bright red blood with no ending in sight."
"On Aubagio for 18 months. My rating is for oral use and no new recent lesions on MRI results only. Had MS for 12 years, I am 49. Started on Rebif 3 yrs, then Copaxone 1.5, had horrible skin irritation on both so then Tysabri for almost 8 years. LOVED Tysabri!! Unfortunately tested JC Virus + and had too many risk factors so had to go off of it. I am not a fan of Aubagio. All these symptoms are since starting Aubagio: Numbness/tingling in hands/arms, legs/feet, bladder issues, vision issues (can hardly drive at night anymore), no energy, headaches, and overall just do not feel like myself. So far no new lesions, but a host of side effects. Not sure it&#039;s worth it. Do your research!"
"I was always the funny fat guy with few dating deals. Well my health last year was not funny and now the best thing that could happen is my gradual weight loss. I am losing about seven pounds a month and after nine months I am on my way. My health has improved on all fronts with just fatigue as the only side effect and that passed quickly."
"Calming and antidepressant effect good. Vivid REM sleep and dreams."
"This is the only product that has worked for me. Can you please improve the taste. Thank You."
"Wellbutrin (bupropion) is the one medicine I have been on continuously. I started on in it 2006. I believe it works, but since I have never been off of it I am not sure. Now that I am on Viibryd as well I am doing much better. The combination of the 2 medicines seem to be doing the job."
"Had colonoscopy September 2017 and was given propofol as anesthesia.  Woke up great after the procedure but nose was stuffy.  Was told oxygen does that as it dries out your nasal passages.  Went home and had reaction similar to a bad cold.  Could not quit sneezing, runny nose, sinus pressure,etc."
"Well, very few side effects for me, but also very little pain relief.  I&#039;ve been prescribed this several times to treat my chronic pain symptoms as well as a couple of acute things (injuries).  It was basically for the purpose of being able to function. "
"My doctor has me on the six-month regimen. I am on my second month and have had to go to the ER five times since getting this injection. I don&#039;t recommend this to anyone I feel ill all the time. Very lethargic, very short of breath, heaviness in the chest, pains in my back and just overall horrible. I had my right ovary and fallopian tube removed due to severe endometriosis and the doctor recommended these injections and said I would have no problem and no buddy that she has treated his head any severe side effects so I guess I get them all. I&#039;ve missed a lot of work almost losing my job because I just can&#039;t function on a day-to-day basis because of the medication. For any of you considering taking this medication please don&#039;t it is nothing but toxic"
"My boyfriend and I were in the heat of the moment and didn&#039;t pull out, it was the day after my period stopped. He freaked out and I knew I wasn&#039;t ready to have another child. I took plan b around 12 hours after it happened. I&#039;m overweight and saw reviews that it doesn&#039;t work on women over 175 lbs. I weigh 200. About 2 days after I took the pill I started breaking out on my face. 6 days after I got a period which I am not complaining.  Worked for me!"
"Mirtazapine has been a life saver for me. I have had trouble falling asleep on and off over the last two and a half years mainly because I&#039;ve been unhappy at work. Just recently I was on zolpidem for 2 months and then switched to mirtazapine when I realised my sleep problems weren&#039;t going to get better in the short term. A couple of years ago things were so bad that sleeping tablets didn&#039;t even work and mirtazapine was the only medication that got me to sleep. I function normally after about the first 8 days on adjusting to this tablet - day 1 I feel like a zombie but by day 3 I start to feel less like that. Just stick with it for a few days and you will adjust, is my advice. The dosage I take is 30mg or 45mg."
"I developed Serotonin Syndrome.  Diarrhea (to the point of leaking), drowsiness, increased body temp, very blurry vision, looked &amp; felt drunk, bloating, weight gain, dry eyes, red bumps on face, feverish, felt like I was getting the flu, gas, heartburn, craved sweets, no concentration or focus, forgetful, clumsy, insomnia, etc.  Four symptoms showed up during the first week on 10 mg, the rest showed up during the second week (20 mg).  I&#039;ve been on many anti-depressants over the past 17 years (Zoloft, Effexor, Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin XR worked the best) but they would all eventually lose their effect.  The only other time I&#039;ve ever felt this bad in relation to a medicine was when I was going OFF of Lexapro.  Viibryd is a &quot;no&quot; for me!!"
"Hurt a lot to place and got pregnant within three months of using... was not useful to me in any way."
"I&#039;ve been on Viibryd for a year now. Start up symptoms were upset stomach, diarrhea, and nausea. I got to about 10mg for a week and couldn&#039;t handle the nausea. So I backed off to about 5mgs. I had a good improvement and nausea went away. Tried to go back up to 10mg and by the 4th day I had the same results. Keep in mind anti-depressants are very powerful.  I had improvement from just 5 mg. My doc wrote me a script for 20 mg and I cut those into 4. I still have days where I don&#039;t feel well, but it has decreased my depression symptoms and panic attacks with minimal side effects. I gained a little weight about 7 lbs. No sexual side effects. Has to be taken with food."
"Taking this antibiotic was fine for around 6 days, and then I was struck with intense nausea. Eventually it ended in me throwing up and unable to eat for a day. My muscles hurt and I had bad diarrhea. Also, my sinusitis was not helped AT ALL."
"Day 2 of taking this medication for chronic constipation.  I feel so much better.  I would usually take Dulcolax, but it hurts my stomach really badly.  This medicine is amazing.  So thankful for it."
"Had the implant a year exact and I&#039;ve had nothing but problems since January. Severe headaches 21 pound gain in weight and nothing will shift it healthy eating and gym but no loose. And my skin is so bad. Hopefully having it taken out next week. Weight gain has got to me"
"As a teen I never had acne or cramps, and once I became sexually active I started taking a different birth control for obvious reasons. After 2 years with no problems, I went off it because I started getting acne. It was only after I stopped taking it that my skin became TERRIBLE. I&#039;m talking a full chinstrap of god awful acne for months. I then went on Lomedia/Blisovi and it slowly but surely cleared my skin up. However, Lomedia/Blisovi completely stopped my periods. Won&#039;t complain about that, but it did result in very heavy, thick, constant discharge. I think it also affected my mood. Not sure if it was life or the pill but I became anxious, moody, and depressed. Never gained weight/had cramps but I&#039;m scared to go off it for acne&#039;s sake"
"I took Plan B approximately 12 - 14 hours after unprotected sex. I have been off of birth control for 6 months now. After getting caught up in the moment I freaked out. I was pretty sure I was ovulating based on my cervical mucus, cervical position and cycle calendar. I knew I was pregnant. I literally did not eat or sleep for the following 12 days. I had every pregnancy symptom in the book. Sore boobs started a few days after taking Plan B and continued. I was nauseous, had low back pain, cervix was high soft and closed (classic pregnancy symptom). I took 1-3 pregnancy tests every day. Finally, 13 days after having sex and 12 days after taking Plan B I got my period. I have irregular cycles but it was about 3 days later than expected."
"I have been on Diamox for many years.  Started out with tunnel vision and then found to have pseudotumor cerebri (which my mom has too).  I have even had lumbar punctures to drain the fluid off my brain as well in the beginning.  This medication has worked wonders.  I did have tingling and numbness in my feet, finger, nose, lips but that eased off by taking Vitamin C or eating oranges, (this was recommended by my doctor and it works).  Now the tingling and numbness are gone.  I don&#039;t know what I would have done without this medication.  Now all I do is take the medicine once a day and move on with my life.  Please hang in there and don&#039;t get discouraged."
"I started on Saxenda on February 14, 2017. My weight was 295 lbs, I am 6&#039;3&quot; tall and 55 years of age. Today it is March 8, 2017. When I began using this product I experienced some sickness, itching and I was very tired however the appetite suppression effect was immediate. As such, I modified my diet to include more healthy and &quot;weight loss friendly&quot; foods. I also upped my doses every 4 days instead of every week as recommended. I am very pleased to announce today that all of the symptoms except the itching have resolved themselves. I have been on a full, 3.0 dose since March 2nd. At this time I am 281.2 lbs,  which is down about 14 pounds. My goal is a 50 pound weight reduction and I feel that with Saxenda this is a very realistic goal."
"I am a 49 yr old male.This is the 2nd time if had diverticlitis(at 40 the first time) I have taken both meds (Cipro an Metron 500ml) this is only thing that helped me. I see that everyone is different. my pain (lower left ab) was unreal.I have been out of work for 3 days.(haven&#039;t missed a day in 10yrs) I&#039;m not 100%yet but,the sharp pains are almost gone.I need more fiber and have been told you can heal this."
"I have had an extended bout of situational depression after my mother died.  Abilify definitely helped with motivation for me, so far it has been the best medication in this regard.  However, the constant sensation of heat and flu like symptoms are quite bothersome, (worse than a hot menopausal hot flash) but the insomnia will ultimately prevent me from taking this medication as I need to be able to drive."
"Kremers Urban pantoprazole is the best generic. My pharmacy switched my script to another company but it gave me the worst acid reflex I have ever had. "
"For as long as I can remember, I have been afflicted with that awful &quot;fight or flight&quot; feeling before having to speak or even stand in front of a crowd. My heart would beat SO hard &amp; fast that you could actually see it beating through my shirt! A few months before my wedding, I was getting increasingly nervous about standing in front of everyone and saying my vows. I decided to ask my doctor about a solution and he wrote me a Rx for Propanolol. I took 20mg about an hour before the ceremony, and I have never been so calm in my life. I wasn&#039;t even thinking about the crowd, and when I walked down the aisle I was cool, calm, and collected. That drug truly saved me on the most important day of my life. Simply amazing."
"Just recently started taking this for depression, bipolar, insomnia and anxiety. I feel so tired and groggy feeling."
"This drug is currently working for my anxiety that is blood pressure related. I was on Clonazepam and that made me high and groggy but did not help anxiety. Xanax has worked perfectly, reduces my symptoms and no high feeling. The minute I get freaked and have racy thoughts (panic) it curbs it, then I can get on with my day. I have not noticed any side effects and my friends and family have seen improvement."
"Before I took this medication, I had severe social anxiety. I would often stay silent because of hurting someone&#039;s feelings or I was afraid of embarassment. I constantly worried about what people thought of me. It was ruining my life. My doctor started me on Paxil but I couldnt take the physical symptoms. When I started taking Lexapro it felt like a huge weight was taken off of my shoulders. I could be myself again! I usually take it at night because it makes me a little drowsy. 
 Months later, I got a job working for a school near me as a bus monitor. I ride the preschool and high school buses to maintain safety and prevent bullying. Without Lexapro, I DEFINITELY would have not been able to be in that position before."
"Adderall gives me a normal amount of energy so that I am able to get out of bed and do some housework."
"I have a partially paralyzed left leg due to SCI with extreme tone and strong muscle spasms.  The first time I tried Baclofen the side effects were so severe that I could not tolerate the medicine at all.  The second time I worked up to 60mg per day at 5mg intervals over a couple of months. Virtually no side effects at all this time but it takes a while.  Baclofen with Botox injections to my hip flexor, hamstrings, and dorsiflexor make my situation bearable. Baclofen works well at 20mg, less than the prescribed dosage."
"I&#039;m on the first week and I&#039;ve been crying for no reason, getting angry at basically the drop of a pen and extremely exhausted and hungry. I hope this changes soon.. I&#039;ll give it two months at most, I hope to see an improvement in that time."
"This medicine gave me a kidney stone. They don&#039;t run in my family and I have never had one before. The kidney stone got stuck and after several of the most painful weeks of my life thus far I had to have surgery to get it removed. I would gladly suffer from migraines then to ever experience a kidney stone."
"This is honestly the first review I have ever done for any medication.  I generally just get off of something if it isn&#039;t working for me....But I wish I had read this review before I had made the choice to get the Nexplanon.  I am a 31 year old woman.  Mother of 3.  Birth Control was no new things to me.  I&#039;m used to a little weight gain, acne, painful periods or none at all.  All while things balance out.  I had the Nexplanon for 18 months after giving birth to my daughter and it was SO HORRIFIC.   Mood swings, anxiety out of control, hot flashes and 50 lbs weight gain.  Within 2 months of getting it taken out I have lost 25 lbs with zero change of diet.  PLEASE do not get this thing.  "
"I&#039;m a 55 year old female, 5&#039;2&quot; and weigh 172.5 lbs.  I&#039;m six weeks in and taking 2 in the am &amp; 2 in the pm.  Week 1, down 4.5 lbs.  Felt extremely giddy and happy.  I&#039;m a pretty upbeat person anyway, but sort of felt like a goofball during week one.  That settled down week 2.  I received my ScaleDown scale and began weighing everyday.  Up a lb, down a lb, staying the same. I feel good on the med, must be the Wellbutrin.  I had a weird thing happened 2 weeks ago.  I ride my own motorcycle and was going about 60 mph, and all of a sudden all I saw was green and crashed on the side grassy area. I&#039;m ok sprained my foot. I think I got dizzy and faded out. Be very careful, I think low calorie intake that day is to blame for the crash."
"Note: This review is solely based on the insertion process as I&#039;ve only had it inserted today.

I had made the terrible mistake of reading reviews and blogs from other people&#039;s experience and the majority of them were so scary! I was terrified. 

Finally the day came for insertion and even though I was prescribed misoprostol and was told to take 800 mg of ibuprofen, I ended up doing neither. I went in with nothing but determination to get through it and deep breathing exercises.

Long story short, the entire process was less than 5 minutes from the time the doctor entered until the time they left the room. The actual insertion time was maybe 2 minutes. NO PAIN WHATSOVER! No cramping. So don&#039;t be afraid!"
"Wellbutrin (bupropion) is the one medicine I have been on continuously. I started on in it 2006. I believe it works, but since I have never been off of it I am not sure. Now that I am on Viibryd as well I am doing much better. The combination of the 2 medicines seem to be doing the job."
"I was diagnosed with a mood disorder about 5 months ago. I tried Abilify and gained 10 pounds in a week and tried Lamictal but I kept getting the rash on my face, so finally my doctor put me on Saphris. It made a world of difference. It&#039;s been 2 months now and I&#039;m no longer on any antidepressants and I have been without any depressed episodes since a week after I started it. I had to start taking 20 mg at night because it made me so tired in the morning. I&#039;m still on Klonopin because I have really bad restlessness still, but I&#039;m slowly phasing that out with lifestyle changes. The bad taste gets better with time and the side effects are greatly outweighed by the benefits. I have and would recommend it!"
"Controls blood pressure great, but having side effects like, constipation, gout, leg cramps, sleepiness, and general fatigue."
"This did nothing to relieve my opioid induced constipation, but I kept taking it for 2 weeks. It made me sick. I had all the awful symptoms of opiate withdrawal and had to take extra medication for pain. It&#039;s been 2 weeks since I stopped taking Movantik and I still feel terrible."
"I&#039;ve lost 53lbs on this product, I started at 265ish now I weight 214.4. Along with a balloon I got put in my stomach but it wasn&#039;t helping 1 month after having the balloon I only lost 10lbs and that was just from the surgery and I got sick because of it. It ended up giving me pancreatitis and was in the hospital for 4 days. After that another month went by and my doctor proscribed me phenamine and lost tons of weight! I got off for a month and he proscribed it to me for another month. I&#039;m on my second day of the second round 30 day ct. and I&#039;ve lost 2 lbs in 2 days. Over all it&#039;s a good product. But the side effects are terrible!!! I have really dry mouth and very anger. The first time I took it I almost committed suicide but didn&#039;t."
"I had mine in for two months. I got the worst acne and cramps of my life. it did what it said it would do tho.. protect me against pregnancy. I took it out still tho because the mood swings and acne were horrible. I was on my period for a month and it made me v depressed"
"I have had family history from one side of the family(parent) and after a near death accident at 8yrs old my depression triggered. I&#039;ve been healed (trust me it was bad) but every human being gets attacks hear and there so I decided to use something more organic. St. John&#039;s wort works but my tummy is sensitive to it (300mg 3x day) so I&#039;ve lessen how many I take or take it every other day. I just like having a long term consistent mood. I&#039;ve been 1 year fine, never used medicines not even Organics until now. "
"I&#039;ve been taking Sprintec for a couple months and from the first week I started I had horrible acne breakouts.  My periods are longer than they&#039;ve ever been, even while off birth control and while my cramps aren&#039;t as severe during that time I have cramps all the time it seems. At least 3 weeks out of the month.  I have horrible headaches and feel like I might pass out, although I can&#039;t say for certain these are from taking Sprintec.  The worst side effect of all is my mood swings. It&#039;s sad and scary when out of the whole month the time that I&#039;m the calmest is during PMS and my period.  I snap and get upset with friends, family, and co-workers over things that has never bothered me before. I never had any side effects with my last birth control."
"I was given this by a Mexican doctor after contracting a very nasty bacterial infection with severe diarrhea during a road trip down the Baja Peninsula in Mexico.  Worked great, and we were back on the road after one day."
"I have been on saxenda since October. I weighed in at 215 prior and am now 182.8 pounds (I&#039;m 5&#039;7&quot;). I take a lot of medication to help with chronic depression and tied in with major life events and poor eating I was more and more miserable with my weight that I gained in two years, mostly after my surgery for endometriosis (stage 4) and taking Lupron depo (horrid stuff) I just couldn&#039;t shake the weight.  I started this a bit nervous I kept a low dose for awhile, around 1.8 because I had stomach upset but I did take it at night to help with that. I ended up taking the full dose but found 2.4 is more then enough to suppress my appetite. It&#039;s amazing I don&#039;t think about food and need less to feel satisfied. love it!!!"
"I don&#039;t usually review anything online but I really feel like I need to share my experience with this pill. I was on Yasmin for a year and a half and although superficially it was okay (no weight gain, no acne etc), mentally I went crazy and this seems to be the case for a lot of women. I was anxious, my mind was foggy, I was snappy and overly aggressive (which is very unlike me), and generally just didn&#039;t feel myself. I then spoke to a doctor following an anxiety breakdown and they said it could&#039;ve been due to my pill. I recently changed from yasmin to another pill and it has changed my life. I FINALLY feel myself again and I&#039;ve realised how much yasmin messed me up. I would not recommend this pill or experience to anyone."
"It cause me permanent hair loss."
"I been on Ortho Evra for 2 months now. I love it. The first night I wore it, I had a panic attack. I ripped it off during the night then started wearing a new patch the next day. Since then, no panic attacks, so I&#039;m guessing it wasn&#039;t caused by the patch. My breasts were tender but I got used to it, and I love how light my cramping and periods are. I get a pimple or two during the third week, and I am a lot more emotional, but that does not interfere with my personal life. It took some time getting used to wearing the patch, it fell off like three times. Overall its amazing."
"Hi my name&#039;s Matt and I would like to share with you my experience of Klonopin 6 years ago I went through what I think was a dramatic life-changing event for me me and my wife work separating for good and everything started falling apart I started to lose weight get out of breath fast then one day I started to have bad thoughts thoughts to hurt myself others even my own family I spent many sleepless nights on the couch for two months I stayed there wanting to die waiting to die then finally one day I got up and went to see a psychiatrist I explained to him he put me on Klonopin after a few yrs I noticed I started having short term memory loss I am currently weaning myself off but it&#039;s very hard anyone else experience this"
"I have been taking this medication for about 2 weeks now. It has lowered my blood pressure tremendously, but the side effects are great for me. I am so tired ALL day. This is very unusual for me because I do not sleep during the day. I have found myself laying down about 11am for a nap and not waking up until 4 or 5 pm. Not like me at all."
"The part I don&#039;t like about this pill was the first few months I started taking it when I switched from Yaz, it made me gain 10 lbs and it took almost 8 months for my body to adjust to it. The positive part is, I have a very light period (when I have one) and I don&#039;t break out like I used to. Now that my body is starting to get used to it, I am losing some of the weight I gained with the initial use of Loestrin. It is a smaller dose of hormones from what I was taking- which helped reduce my migraine count to once a week versus everday."
"I have been on this pill for 8 months and so far i have nothing to Say to but positive things. The only bad side effect is that my appetite has decreased but I have not lost any weight or increased weight. My skin is actually very clear and the most important, no mood swings or depreassion if anything this pill keeps me very calm. However I used to drink a lot of caffeine but I notice that after taking this pill whenever I drink coffee I get very anxious and get mood swings so I decided to cut on the coffeine but I still feel great."
"I got the implant on 2014 it&#039;s almost been a year . I&#039;ve gained about 30lbs, my period comes ones every 3 months. I get horrible cramps . And before I get it I always seem to get a UTI which is horrible. Since I&#039;ve had it I been really moody with a horrible bitchy attitude. I want it taken out ASAP !"
"The reason the doctor changed me to Livalo is because I was having side effects from the medication I was on. I have had no side effects from Livalo. The only problem I have with it is the cost. Very expensive."
"I had this put in at my post partum check up back in January and I so far love it. I have put on weight, but that&#039;s because I boredom eat. I&#039;ve always had bad adult acne, so I haven&#039;t noticed that side effect. My period is wonky, pretty much all of February I had it, and part of March. Have it a few days, gone a few days, etc. I haven&#039;t had my period since March though. This has been my favorite birth control."
"I was just prescribed this antibiotic today due to a staph infection in each leg from shaving. My doctor mentioned MSRA, needless to say I&#039;m freaking out over this. Regardless, it&#039;s been about 4 hours since I took the first pill - obviously the infection sites haven&#039;t gotten any better, but I&#039;m hoping they do. As far as side effects go, I&#039;m lucky so far to only have a little bit of heartburn and slight nausea/loss of appetite. I&#039;m crossing my fingers this stuff works for me!"
"I&#039;m adult woman with fluid buildup.  This medicine cleared up the infection but the fluid is still there.  Moderate side effects of nausea. On to something else..."
"No side effects besides drowsiness. It puts me at a calm to help me think clearer."
"This has changed my life. I used to get really depressed and have wild mood swings. I have been on it for 2 months now, I have been nothing but happy. I don&#039;t get really depressed and when I do get down it is barely noticeable and I bounce out of it quick. Highly recommend this."
"I have had the worse case of cold sores for nearly 10yrs now, I use to live by Lysine ointment because I thought it was the best fastest treatment of cold sores compared to the numerous other ones I had tried that made it worse. I&#039;ve learned over these years that not everyone gets cold sores the same severity, mine are sometimes started on my lip then spread away from lip &amp; onto upper lip or even cheek, form into at least 10 mini blisters leaving incredible damage on face! I had avoided Abreva because of the price at the time (nearly $20),I  couldn&#039;t find my lysine so I tried Abreva, it is the overall best coldsore med on the market! PROMISE!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for a little over a year. This was the first and only birth control I have used so far and I have had a gold experience. I was put on this to help with cramps that were too severe, they were causing me to vomit. Within the first 2 months of using this I started to feel a million times better during my period. Only recently have my cramps become more painful. I&#039;m most likely going to be switched to something with a slightly higher dosage due to my cramps beginning to worsen, but this medication still helped me nonetheness. I do think that it has caused me to have headaches nearly every night though. The headaches are better than the crippling pain of cramps though."
"Made my legs feel like I ran a marathon, And after two weeks on 2 mg it caused lactation. "
"I just started this as a trial to see if it works. Double seroneg ocular MG though EMG showed problems in other muscles. Mild had for a while. Have liver disease so started on quarter of a sixty. On taking it I began to feel better, like relief through my body. I noticed my cheek felt normal not like full of lidocaine. I could smile evenly easier, less diplopia, better able to read, and happier. My ptosis is maybe a tiny bit better. I&#039;m on such a little amount it wore off in a couple hours and I wanted to take more. I get to take more tomorrow. I think if you need it it could provide good relief. If it works time release sounds like the way to go."
"Short life so when its time for next dose you will know it. Works great though."
"My pharmacy switched me from Tri-lo sprintec to this because it was free on my insurance. I am on month 3. For me, the positives are that I&#039;ve lost the weight I gained on tri-lo sprintec and I am no longer bloated all the time. However my mood, which was even and calm before, changed immediately on this pill. My mood changes in an instant and I&#039;ve had several breakdowns and severe anxiety which almost never happens to me. I am also starting to experience hair thinning and inflamed pimples all over my chin and cheek area which was never an issue before, not since I took accutane. I am switching after this pack to brand name ortho tri cyclen lo with the hopes that my skin clears back up and my mood stabilizes."
"Had a UTI then then antibiotics made it itch and twitch and overall uncomfortable. Once I realized I had a YI due to antibiotics I tried Monistat 1 for quick results. Absolutely no concerns. I got the pack with the cream and wipes. Love the cream for the outside to minimize the YI itching. Ovule is messier than I realizes. Within 24hours of using i feel 100% better. Would use again."
"I got the Mirena two months ago. It hurt a little when the doctor put it in, and I cramped for about a day afterwards. I had no discomfort after that until I got my period a month later. My period was 2 1/2 weeks long (which has never happened in my life) with weird discharge and a lot of cramping. The main issue I&#039;ve had with the Mirena is a lot of cramping and brown slimy discharge. I&#039;m hoping it gets better, my Doc says to give it some time."
"It is very effective."
"I&#039;ve suffered from acne since I was 12 years old. I&#039;m 29 and even as an adult I would get pimples or large boil looking pimples that would last for days. It was really embarrasing. I started taking this medication in lotion form 6 months ago and it works wonders. I haven&#039;t had any pimples since. I wish I thought about visiting my Dermatologist sooner."
"Works very well side effects are rough. First side effect I had was retention then shaking then I could not sit still but after a little time on medications for side effects the systems got a lot better. Do not like that I have to get it every two weeks but for me it works really good for me."
"Stepped up to Norco 10/325 over about a 3 year period and have found it to be very effective in treatment of my low back pain. However, after a while my body does build up a tolerance and my doc recently also added tramadol. So far, so good. Awaiting an epidural block to get my legs back from pain.
I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects to note."
"I got the Depo-Provera when I got the intrauterine device taken out. I&#039;ve only had the Depo for three weeks but I&#039;ve been bleeding everyday and because of being injected with hormones my mood has been awful I&#039;ve practically broke up with me boyfriend so now it seems I&#039;ve got the Depo for no reason. "
"First off, remember this is a long term birth control so you have to give your body time to adjust effectively. This device stays in for years! The insertion process was painful for me being I&#039;ve never had kids so the dr. manually opening my cervix to insert the iud was the worst part. Following the procedure, a friend took me home because of the cramping it caused but after a couple hours I felt okay to drive. There was spotting for a month and slowed down to the point I now spot maybee 2 days a month. I&#039;ve now had it for 5 months and get cramps from time to time but they arent bad ones. I think my body is still adjusting some. I would overall suggest it to those who are preventing pregnancy more than preventing periods and cramps."
"Amazing! My doctor prescribed this for whenever I felt an infection coming on. It was great and efficient. By morning, there was no more pain!"
"Got a 30 day sample from my urologist.  For me, this medicine is wonderful.  Am taking lisinopril and lovastatin.  Was concerned if the medicine helped after the first dose.  And am happy to say that it did.  It worked well after about one hour.  But my most intense erection was about after 6 hours.  No side effects to speak of unless you can say my face seemed flush afterwards.  Just assumed it was working.  Do not have a perpetual erection but can feel that I am on the verge of one for a while.  Couldn&#039;t be happier."
"While this is only my first week on this (will take my 7th pill tomorrow), I gotta say I&#039;m impressed. "
"Rootsgal, they generally say it takes 3-6 months to have full effects. It takes time to rebuild the vaginal tissues."
"I have had sleep issues since my early 20&#039;s. I have been prescribed Ambien, Lunesta, Xanax, Klonopin, Ativan and Seroquel. All of them helped fall asleep no problem, however 3 hours later, I&#039;m awake again. The hydroxyzine didn&#039;t help me fall asleep as much as keeping me asleep! I usually toss and turn a dozen times at night but this gives me solid, uninterrupted sleep. I do notice that I will wake slightly agitated at times which is annoying when you have 3 kids to wake to and need to be on your toes and think fast. I have to say out of all the meds I&#039;ve tried this one KEEPS me sleeping which is the point."
"I always had acne around periods but after I had my son it got severe. So much so that it left scars from inflammation that would make one zit into a pea sized bump deep under my skin that was painful and caused anxiety, depression and so on. After seeing a Dermatoligist he prescribed a combo of 3 to combat it. The tri sprintec to regulate hormones, a light topical antibiotic lotion clyndomicin I think and a year of doxycycline antibiotics. It took time but after the antibiotics took care of the infection with this pill it seemed to prevent acne. My reason for thinking this is the only time it&#039;s gotten bad again is after running out and going a month without or an occasional pimple during the placebo week. Overall it helped a great deal..."
"I have been taking minocycline for 2 years for scleroderma /generalized morpia. At first I had a step down of prednisone for 2 months with it. It&#039;s stopped the spread of the morpia dead in its tracks. Now my skin is starting to clear up. Still have some bad spots that are clearing slower. For the side effects I take a 0.05mg clonazepam and it gets rid of all the side effects. I had the vertigo and anxiety so bad. "
"I&#039;ve found it very helpful."
"Before: All nails infected. 6/10 were completly white.

Tried various stuff from the shelf @ london drugs. Nothing helped.

GP prescribed Jublia. 1.5 months in and I&#039;m 90% cured.  I will continue as prescribed for 6 months, so it doesn&#039;t come back. Very happy with this applicant. Also:Bought brand new socks, wash my feet 3X daily with warm water and soap. Try to be barefoot every chance.

Seems to be different ways working for each individual. Keep trying things and find what works for you! Stay consistent.

Also:Blue cross paid majority: costed me about 20$ a bottle. I live in Canada."
"I believe this medication saved my life. I did feel extremely sleepy at first while my dosage was being raised but that went away quickly. I have a new feeling of wanting to get up and do things that wasn&#039;t there before. I also feel a sense of calm and peacefulness. The only side effects so far that were troublesome is constipation and sometimes it&#039;s hard to concentrate if someone is speaking."
"I found this medication very useful in controlling my pain. Have had several oral surgeries. The stigma surrounding meds like these is frustrating. In my opinion, it makes it difficult for people like myself to get them prescribed, although I do understand it."
"So far so good! Was on depo but it made my anxiety worse and I gained a lot of weight.. Been on lolo for a month now and no bad side effects except a little irregular spotting! Love it"
"250mg once every 12hrs didn&#039;t do much for pain in ER formulation for me but the 50mg worked quite well as a breakthrough pain medication when combined with 2/3 my typical dosage of Oxycontin.  I found that pain relief duration at 50mg was about 4hrs.  I believe that the ER formulation starts at 100mg and higher.  I am lethargic on Nucynta ER at the 250mg 2x a day dose compared to Oxycontin 30mg 3x daily."
"First month I had pretty bad cramps but that was a big reason I went on it, along with very irregular periods. After that month though I barely experience cramping, my periods are light, and fairly short (4 days). I&#039;m used to heavy cramps so bad I throw up and 6+ day periods.  My skin is the clearest it&#039;s ever been. I did bloat very bad (7 pound gained) around month 4 but now (month 5) all bloating is gone and I&#039;m back to my original size. It hasn&#039;t taken away any PMS symptoms besides acne and cramps but I&#039;m okay with that. My breasts have grown a cup size (32 C to 32 D). So far so good. Plus... No babies!"
"I was given this pill to take because I stopped having a period for 6 months.   Put me on this for 10 days and the very first day of taking a pill I spotted.     Then light period for 5 days. Then the next month.   No period. So started taking the pills again.  Not till the LAST pill was there blood.  It was light at first for  3 days, now I have been bleeding So heavy non stop! I&rsquo;ve been bleeding 10 days straight!  Is something wrong? Called my doctor and they were &ldquo;busy&rdquo; said call back.  Never did I can&rsquo;t stand that office"
"Well I got the implant 7 months ago and the first month I bleed heavy but I haven&#039;t got my period again instill a couple days ago. That&#039;s 6 months without a period. I do know this is very effective since my sister, ex roommate, and friends have it and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. Considering me and my long term boyfriend don&#039;t use protection that&#039;s amazing. It effects everyone different I&#039;ve never gotten a lot of acne and still dont. I haven&#039;t gained more than a couple pounds but I&#039;m lazy so it could be anything. No side effects so far, I love it"
"I had no idea I had TMJ but actually thought I was getting wisdom teeth because of the pain. I went to a dentist and he gave me Valium and Percocet. He told me to go to my doctor and have them prescribe more as he could not. My doctor thought I was crazy and drug seeking so I could not get anything and still suffering from TMJ.  The Valium was very helpful for TMJ, more than anything else I have tried or the doctor has given me instead of Valium."
"I&#039;ve had severe cluster headaches with occasional dreadful migraines since I was in my 20s -- 50 years ago. It was very difficult to get approval for this medication, and I was always trying to juggle it with aspirin and stretch it out.  Seems like the situation here, at least, has greatly improved and my current primary dr. prescribes it for me.  I only take fiorinal when I feel a bad headache coming on, and it works.  (It does occasionally put me to sleep for about 15 minutes.)  The variety with codeine is too strong for me.  I can&#039;t take triptans because of cardiovascular issues.  I can&#039;t emphasize strongly enough how beneficial this medication has been in my life.  Moreover, aspirin never helped my headaches."
"I&#039;ve been on Lunesta for 3 years and would sleep 8 hours exactly every night..Cost went to $125 a month (New Insurance) and then switched to Ambien but only slept 4-5 hours a night. Tried Silenor for the first time last night and slept almost 11 hours."
"Great pain relief for complications with kidney
Stones. Had both the IV at the hospital and
Doctor prescribed pill. Morphine did nothing 
For the pain."
"I&#039;m a 48 year old hypogonadism male that self injected for 5 plus years and hated it. The only reason I did it was to avoid the transference of the gels to my kids and fiance. I was offered Natesto and was sceptical of the 3 times a day thing, but to be honest it literally takes a couple seconds and I get an energy boost every time I take it. My fiance is a little younger than I am so on date nights (concerts specifically) I&#039;ll take my third dose later and it&#039;s like a shot of espresso. This had been a life changer for me. I would feel good for a couple days with the shots then I could feel the come down. With the Natesto I feel even all the time and I have my workout energy back. There&#039;s a little learning curve to applying in the nose."
"I&#039;m 17 years old and my mom works at an OB/GYN office and had me get Implanon.  The only negative part was it bruised for about a week and my stomach was a little upset the next day.  I have gained no weight or have had my mood effected or any other bad side effects.  My sex drive is just as high as it has been.  I love it because I have not gained weight, I have light spotting to no periods and it&#039;s stuck in my arm so I don&#039;t have to remember my birth control daily."
"The only good thing about nexplanon is not getting pregnant or having to take a pill. I&rsquo;ve had this implant for about 2 and a half years and I&rsquo;m on my period ALL THE TIME. I&rsquo;ll bleed for a week, stop for a couple days, and then start again for another week. My periods are usually normal to light- but I&rsquo;m bleeding 50% of my days some months.  And often times it looks old and brown. My &ldquo;normal&rdquo; month is a 7 day period. Being on my period so much also messes with my vaginal pH. I&rsquo;m getting it removed this week and I&rsquo;m so ready. And so is my husband."
"I am a very happy confidant nurse practitioner. This drug made me over a time period of less than a week suicidal. Extremely depressed, and uncontrollable crying for no reason. The procedure was elective and my suicidal  symptoms cleared up within 14 hours of discontinuation."
"I broke my neck after a fall from a bridge in 2000. After many failed surgeries, an ANS spinal implant that didn&#039;t work, pain medications were my only option. Like many of you, I was prescribed Hydrocodone, Oxycodone, OxyContin, MS Contin, Fentanyl, in varying orders and dosages, and then Methadone. While all of the previously named medications have their pro&#039;s and con&#039;s, I did experience one side effect with Methadone that I haven&#039;t seen listed or heard of anyone experience before. After 2 or 3 days on the medication, I started having very vivid and disturbing nightmares. While I understand this may be a &quot;wonder drug&quot; for many of you, there are some of us out there that disagree."
"I feel horrible. I have one more day left (I was prescribed Metronidazole intravaginally for five days) and amen to that. Although it has worked wonders and gotten rid of an infection I&#039;ve had for years and could never completely eradicate, these side effects are HORRIBLE. I&#039;ve been dizzy, have had terrible headaches, eye pain, aches all over my body, absolutely no appetite (I&#039;m repulsed by any food!), when I force myself to eat I get sick immediately after, gnawing stomach pains, pressure-like back pains, pain in my actual ovaries, grogginess, constantly tired but sleeping is beyond difficult (I somehow managed four hours last night), when I do sleep it&#039;s not refreshing at all, and exercising is practically impossible."
"I have been constipated for about a week and tried eating everything possible that will help me go even Mexican food and still nothing. I tried Miralax and couldn&#039;t go so I tried chocolate laxatives and nothing and tried Dulcolax suppositories. I&#039;m so beyond nauseated which is better than having cramps but I still feel constipated even though I went a little. At least the Dulcolax helped me go within minutes and I&#039;m glad I was on the toilet when it happened."
"I was prescribed Avalide by my doctor. I have been taking it for 2 weeks. I feel better than I did with the lisinopril. I am not losing so much weight at one time and I can contribute to my weight loss with the help of the Avalide."
"I used Next Choice one dose ...I took the pill 10 hrs after. It made me so sleepy and I was a bit dizzy. On the fifth day I started with a bad headache and the next day I started spotting, now today I am proud to say I&#039;m not pregnant! I was so paranoid when my period wasn&#039;t here. Now it is I couldn&#039;t be happier to. Just relax girl, it works."
"Took this med for one full month and half of another and stopped using it.  Headaches daily: pain at top of my head and down my neck, mood swings and anxiety like never before.  Unable to lose weight.  Just didnt like how it made me feel.  Period was not as heavy was only benefit.  Ill suffer 4 days of heavy period to never feel like this again."
"I have suffered with RA from the age of 5 so for 45 years of pain.  I am starting at the lowest dose with good results and limited side effects. Will probably need to incr. dose at next visit. But finally have some hope for a pain free day."
"My 8 year old son was put on Invega 3 mg and then moved up to 6 mgs a day. About 1 1/2 months ago after gaining too much weight on risperdone. He gets the dosage on time daily but since starting Invega he has had the worse uncontrollable muscle spasms/twitches. He is constantly twitching his arms, neck and head without knowing he is doing it. Also he has started making vocal noises (random humming) without noticing he is doing it.  I was really hoping the Invega would work but I think in our case the side effects are too much to accept so he will be switching again today."
"I had the Mirena IUD placed 4 weeks ago. I had heard that the initial placement can be very painful, however, I only felt a very slight ache/pressure when my doc put it in. He even had to manually expand my cervix because it wouldn&#039;t open for him at all. But even with that, it wasn&#039;t bad. I did bleed quite a bit after insertion because he had to pry everything open basically lol. But really not a bad experience. I rated it at an 8 because I&#039;ve been bleeding since about day 5 post insertion. It varies from light spotting to full blown period heaviness from day to day (cramps too) and hasn&#039;t stopped for 3 weeks. Its quite a mood killer :/ but I&#039;d still choose this over the pill, honestly. The bleeding is the only downside for me."
"I had been taking Pradaxa for 3 weeks when one morning I went to get out of bed and had such severe pain in my knees that I almost fell down.  With help I got to the bathroom.  I had a scan to be sure I had blood flow, which I did.  I had a blood test to see if my potassium level was okay and it was fine.  At that point I got off Pradaxa and went to warfarin. I&#039;ll just put up with the blood tests and bruising for the next 2 months.  Hopefully I will be off the warfarin then."
"I have had bad back, neck and shoulder pain for 12 plus years. My Dr&#039;s.tried several times doing guided steroid injections and for several hours after the injections I would feel pain free. Once the numbing agent wears off the pain returns to normal. They tried trans dermal compounded creams as well as NSAID&#039;s and oral medications. Some of the oral medications worked but not long enough. I would take one at bed time and 5 to 6 hours I would wake up in pain and couldn&#039;t go back to sleep. I was only allowed to take 3 a day so if I used one at bed time and one near morning I had nothing through the day. the patches worked well but they tend to roll up and fall off. I am told not to put tape over them. Not sure what to do about that."
"Worst experience!  I went to an obgyn last year (for the first time) due to very bad periods (I&#039;m 37).  She never did exam me and gave me this.  For the next few weeks my bleeding got worse than it was!  I informed my dr about it and they told me to stop taking it.  So I went back to that obgyn and she once again never examed me just told me to stop taking it until she does surgery.  (Crazy!).  Never went back to that dr and went to a new one and got something different than this pill that did not work at all."
"Excellent medication. It saved my life. I am a normal person again. The key to panic disorder is to find the adequate treatment for the severity of your condition. I took almost 5 years to find the adequate doctor and treatment, but I think that time and proper medications have cured this terrible disease."
"I had no noticeable side effects at all.  I did have some cramping the first month that was slight.  I took some ibuprofen when it bothered me.  I spotted for about 3 weeks and had one small period.  Then my periods stopped.  Once in a while I get a little pink speck on toilet paper, none on my underwear.  It is wonderful having birth control and not worrying about pills, periods, mood swings, or headaches.  It is the best birth control ever!  I also like the shorter commitment and the extra low hormone content.  No weight gain.  I love that is pretty much stopped my PMS completely.  I notice a slight mood change once a month-ish and it used to be really bad for me.  It is a big improvement.  I am 42 and I plan to stay on this until menopas"
"100% effective for migraine headaches.  I keep this medication on hand!"
"I have been backed up for a week or so I asked my mom what I can use for relief. She told me to try magnesium citrate. The 1st time I downed the whole bottle and nothing. I told my mom &amp; she asked me did I drink water after taking it, which I hadn&#039;t done. She told me to wait 48 hrs and drink another one, followed by at least 2 glasses of room temperature or lukewarm water. I drank it at 8 pm, by 1 am I was awakened from my sleep by noises coming from my stomach I had never heard &amp; an urge to, poot. Something told me to find a toilet, which I did, and that poot turned into a full fledged ka boom! This stuff gets the job done."
"I had bursitis in my hip and could hardly walk. My doctor prescribed Meloxicam and within 3-4 days I was pain free."
"Effexor is awesome for depression."
"This stuff is amazing and has been a godsend for my anxiety and panic. Don&#039;t pass this one and give it try it&#039;s great."
"These definintely work.  Day one I saw relief with the gotta go right now feeling, frequency and leakage.  The downside is the patches rarely last four days, usually 36 hours to 48 hours, which makes them very expensive.  They are itchy and cause redness where the patch is placed.  The edges collect lint from your clothes which make the patch look dirty.  They constantly get caught on your clothing and pull your skin. As they dry up, they begin to sound &quot;crinkly&quot; which could be embarrassing.  The drying up can occur as soon as 24 hours.  They are also not clear and discreet.  The background is clear but there are 10 logos printed across each patch.  Very sexy."
"My son is 9 yrs old and has been on Vyvanse for about 2 yrs or so and I have to say that its been a miracle medicine. I believe I finally got my baby boy back he also takes Intuniv as a booster pill....but my only problem is that he has chronic insomnia and no over the counter or prescribed medicine seem to make him fall asleep and stay asleep."
"I am 28 and I have had the Mirena for a little over 6 months now. I love it except for the fact that I have acne like a teen. I have tried everything to control the acne and nothing seems to work. I have a 4 year old and have decided to put off having more kids for awhile. Not to mention that I had 2 strokes back in June &#039;08 from a heart defect and regular birth control causes blood clots so I had to get off the &quot;ring.&quot; Mirena is one of the only choices when it comes to estrogen free birth control. I have not gained any weight, but my mood swings are horrible (my husband agrees). I still have had light periods and lots of spot bleeding in between. I have yet to have a month with NO period. We will see. I will keep you posted."
"I took 1 pill for a number of years and it worked great!  I thought it was a miracle.  As years went on, I had to increase to 2 pills.  Again it worked great for a long but now I am having the bladder spasms again.   Guess I built up a tolerance to it"
"Lost 20 pounds and was feeling terrible. Then I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s and now I take Humara and it has brought my weight up to normal and i&#039;ve been in remission ever since!"
"I have been on opioids for 20 years at least.  So constipation kind of rules my life. I too ended up in emergency twice, but all they did was give me an enema which never works for me. I saw a Movantik add on tv, so I asked my Dr. if I should try it. He agreed and wrote me a prescription. When I got home I took one, and it had no effect at all. Just nothing. So I decided to check the reviews on this drug and people have had just too many problems with pain , cramps, all sorts of awful things. Since it didn&#039;t work, I felt lucky. I don&#039;t want to go through the pain."
"I am 32 years old and I have to take Zoladex for 3 years with the medicine Tamoxifen for 5 years. I have been on Zoladex for about a year now. Some of my side effects include severe mood swings, hot flashes, loss of menstrual cycle, weight gain (28 pounds so far), loss of energy, swelling of hands, forgetfulness."
"Doctor gave me Celebrex.I&#039;ve been taking it for a week.  It does nothing for my hip pain (bone on bone arthritis). I&#039;m going off it and back on Advil."
"Lo Lo Estrin Fe started out ok for me the first 3 months. I didn&#039;t have a period and it was the best thing ever since my period is a nightmare for me before. Shortly after the 3 months I saw a difference in my body and weighed myself and I was 10 lbs heavier. Along with the weight gain I also suffered from horrible sporadic cramps and really bad acne. This is the worst birth control ever and I&#039;m changing it ASAP!!"
"I can not breathe after using this medicine. I also have a bad cough, swelling in my ankles  headache and tightness in my chest."
"Nexium seemed to be the answer for the first 3 years but lately it has fallen short and all the pain has returned with vengeance. There always was the side effects of headaches, gas and elevated blood pressure."
"I am 17 and started Ocella three months ago because I wanted to switch off the three month schedule, which I hated. I am only finishing up the third month this next week, but I love it! I would get the WORST mood swings when I PMSed that my friends would purposely avoid me. Since switching to Ocella I have had a MAJOR decrease in mood swings. My acne cleared up for the first two months, but I broke out pretty bad during the third month. And my period used to last 8 days and now is about 6-5 days. And now my period comes at a regular time. The only cons I could have about this product is around the time of my period I am extremely bloated and I get terrible cramps. But since my mood swings are gone I a would completely recommend Ocella."
"This medicine is very effective ...helped my hemorrhoids a lot."
"I am 82 yr old retired scientist, walking daily 4 miles in 1 hr. Suddenly I developed extreme arthritic pain in my right hip. Pain was unbearable at night. No pain killers helped including morphine. My doctor prescribed 200 mg Celebrex for 14 days. It helped instantly, particularly at night. Believe it or not, now I have pain in me left hip, my shoulders, elbows, and even severe pain in my left wrist! I have been off Celebrex for one week and I am relying on physical therapy to minimize the arthritic pain. No more Celebrex."
"I&#039;m in my 70&#039;s and found that my erections would come and go during sex. I had previously tried Viagra and had a migraine the next day. My experience has varied... sometimes great and sometimes not as good.   There is a correlation between the nasal stuffiness and the erection quality. No gain without the Pain!
I&#039;m going to try taking it a bit sooner and see if that makes it more reliable."
"I decided to get Skyla since my doctor said it was the best choice for me since I&#039;ve never given birth before. My OBGYN said to schedule my appointment for the week after my period. At my appointment, my OBGYN couldn&#039;t feel where my uterus was since I had some curvature blocking access to it. He straightened it out, which was very painful! Then inserted Skyla. I got Skyla on 4/26/17 and it&#039;s been four days since it was inserted. I&#039;m still getting really painful cramps, migraines, dizziness and some spotting. I&#039;m not sure if Skyla&#039;s really worth all this pain."
"Did not help me. Made me feel extremely tired to the point I was falling asleep while driving and during class (which wasn&#039;t like me, because I&#039;m also on Vyvanse (A stimulant)) Went off it quickly."
"I have also been on Calcitriol 0.5 mcg x 2 twice daily in addition to 5400 mg (total) calcium and 756 mg magnesium (total) daily.  Still experiencing sever symptoms of hypocalcemia - tingling, chills, muscle spasm, light headedness, etc.   Also, had papillary cancer with all thyroid removed - surgeon likely removed all parathyroids as 2 were found in pathology and no parathyroid hormone detected in subsequent lab tests."
"I take Zolpidem two or three times a week if I have had a very busy day and am not relaxed enough to sleep. It works well and will put me to sleep within 30-45 mins. Zolpidem works much better for me than benzodiazepines do (due to its longer half-life). If you are going to take Zolpidem do not take it every night. It can be taken 2 or 3 times a week without losing your natural ability to sleep."
"I went to the doctor about the itching and turns out I had a severe allergic reaction to Brintellix. 103 temp, so I have to wait a week to get the meds out of my system."
"Very effective at managing my pain that stemmed from a spinal injury and subsequent spinal surgery.  It has been the only medicine that manages the pain after trying all the other non-narcotics as well as nerve pain medications."
"Very good!"
"It worked very well in making me stay asleep but it gave me such a stuffy nose I had trouble falling asleep but when I finally did fall asleep it was great. Needless to say I couldn&#039;t handle the stuffy nose so I stopped taking them."
"I have been taking Celexa 20MG for a few years and found it to be quite helpful in the beginning. It is true I have heard that Celexa is one of the better medications out there for depression, with little side effects. I haven&#039;t experienced much side effects until now. In fact I just came back from seeing my psychiatrist this afternoon and I told him about the side effects I was having. He suggested I clean my system of the medication for 2 weeks and come back to see him in 2 weeks to see if I am still suffering the side effects. At this point in time, I haven&#039;t quite decided what I want to do. If anything, I might want to lower the dosage to 10MG."
"After taking Doxylamine for over 8 months for severe insomnia, I have gained over 15lbs. I&#039;m only 5&#039;1&#039;&#039; &amp; 15lbs is a significant weight gain. I&#039;ve never been overweight, I&#039;ve been consuming less calories &amp; no change in weight. The doxylamine helps with my insomnia but I can not continue using it because of weight gain."
"Got my thyroid out in November due to cancer.  Started taking Levothyroxine and felt tired, depressed, gained weight, anxiety and thoughts of hopelessness. "
"I am a 40 yr old African American female. I have had uncontrolled high blood pressure for over 7 yrs and it has caused slight damage to the left side of my heart. I am seeing a cardiologist who has tried about 7 different medications within the last year to treat my condition. March, this year, they gave me samples of Bystolic 10mg to take along with my 300/25 Avalide daily. At first, the results looked very promising; however this medication was recently approved in Jan. 2008."
"I started taking Lexapro about 7 weeks ago after an extremely traumatic unexpected loss of my long term boyfriend who i lived with. I was not functioning or able to deal with life before I got on Lexapro. I couldn&#039;t  stop overwhelming thoughts, anxiety, crying.  I couldn&#039;t face life.  Lexapro has helped me begin the process of healing In a healthy way and resume life. I don&#039;t feel any different other than I have rational thoughts and I am in control of my emotions. I know I would not be moving forward in a positive manner of it wasn&#039;t for this medication.  The change was like day and night and I am thankful."
"I had Implanon inserted in January 2009. It was my only choice, as I have heart problems that make it unsafe for me to take birth control with estrogen and a wacky fallopian tube that crossed the IUD off of my list of options. The main reason I decided to get Implanon was to stop my awful cramps each month. Before Implanon, was hell. Vomiting, diarrhea and crippling pain. Since insertion I haven&#039;t had a period or cramps. I&#039;ve experienced no negative side effects and will most likely have another implant once this one has run it&#039;s course. I highly recommend this birth control."
"I was on Sprintec 28 day birth control for years. I got off of this because I started forgetting my pill. I wanted to try a different form of birth control that would be easier for me. My doctor immediately told me that the NuvaRing would be best, that I would have no side effects, and that I would be fine. I was NOT fine. I became extremely depressed, was crying all the time and furious with everyone. I started to have suicidal thoughts. It was the scariest feeling. After a month of this, I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and got off of the NuvaRing. Being on this medicine was the worst experience of my entire life and I believe that if another option would work for you, try it instead of this. Nothing is worth feeling depressed and suicidal."
"Onglyza is an excellent addition to my regimen, in controlling my HBA1C&#039;s. I have experienced weight loss and it is very affordable. My doctor gave me a Value Card which fixes the Co-Pay at just $10 per month at last a new medicine that works and is affordable."
"Aleve is the only pain killer that really helps. I used to take a double dose of extra strong Midol and it would last me maybe 4 hours. With the Aleve I take 1 every 11-12 hours and I am good for the day."
"I love this med although at first like the first I felt like a zombie no emotions whatsoever. It was like numb feelings wise for a day. As time passed my med helped my insomnia significantly. The  insomnia  had been affected my mood that caused me to have crying spells. Paroxetine definitely helped with these spells. Recently my dad passed  away and my mom was scared that I would have  a bad crisis but all I have is the normal grieving process. Thank Goodness because my mom needs me strong."
"I was born in 1958 and have had intestinal pain since I was a child. I thought it was just part of growing up and never told anybody. As a young adult the pain became to much to handle and I started seeing all kinds of doctors. To make a long story short loperamide controls the pain I had to endure for years. Better than prescribed medicine and at a much better price. I have been taking it for a good twenty or so years now. I do not wait for the problems to start, I take one in the morning and one at bedtime everyday. If I feel an intestinal virus coming on I double it. It is very rare now for me to get that double over pain for hours. To me it&#039;s a miracle drug."
"I&#039;ve been taking Klonopin, on and off, for almost ten years now. There are so many varieties that I don&#039;t know which ones work for me anymore. The doctors all tell you it&#039;s the same thing. If that&#039;s the case, why have I stopped and started so many times? The most common reason is tolerance, i suspect. However, it has been my observation over the last 10 or so years, that the different colors, sources, and whatever &quot;fillers&quot; that are in some of these clonazepam, alter the effects too randomly. As sufferers of the horribly misunderstood disorder, we should have more resources to find out what is in these and  more insight into which ones favor our individual bipolar characteristics."
"I have been on Effexor XR 75mg for two months now, after previously being on Zoloft and Celexa. The two other medications were not effective for my anxiety and depression, and they tended to make me either tired or foggy regardless of the time of day that I took them. I expected the tiredness to wear off, but the foggy feeling never did. My doctor prescribed Effexor XR, and it has been very effective for both my depression and anxiety symptoms. I am not 100% perfect, and I still have anxiety, but in the appropriate moments. The moments of unreasonable anxiety attacks are fewer and far between since starting the medicine. I had no negative side effects, and I take it every morning at 9am."
"After trying several other medicines with no improvement, they put me on Exforge HCT. I had some dizziness at first but my blood pressue is consistent in the normal range and I feel much better."
"I still don&#039;t know if cravings and anxiety are one and the same, but I&#039;ve been on this for 6 months.  I notice a lot of headaches, increased anxiety, depression, insomnia and male sexual problems.  I still need 0.5 mg Xanax 5 times a day for the anxiety, and Ambien CR for insomnia.  The product coordination nurses deny that this causes male sexual side effects, I&#039;ve had sex twice in 6 months on Vivitol, and that includes my honeymoon.  I think Vivitrol helped me the most by making it clear that if I tried any opiates, I could overdose immediately and die.  So I&#039;ve put up with the side-effects, but I hope to be off this in 1 year.  And, yes, I want my sex life back."
"Contols sugar levels at 100mg 2x w meal. Usual side effects + loss of concentration &amp; very &quot;spacey&quot;..."
"I am on day 4 taking the medication. The only side effect I had was on day 1. The best way to describe it is that fuzzy a little sick to your stomach feeling you have when you step off a roller coaster. It only lasted the first day and was very tolerable. If you eat a tiny protein snack every 3 hours I think it helps or In my case prevents the nausea. So I&#039;m on day 4 and I&#039;m down 3 and a half pounds. I am struggling with weight gain due to menopause and my doctor thought contrave could be the help I need. I am also doing Leslie Sansone&#039;s Miracle Miles in home walking program. I am so hopeful that this works!! I will update in a few weeks."
"I started using Percogesic 8 years as friend of mine recommended this for my headaches. This is the only medicine I use for headaches an it&#039;s great!!!!"
"I am 68 years old and was told about 25 years ago that I had had Hep C. I had no side effects from the virus. I am active swimming and during Yoga. Went to John Hopkins because my Primary Doctor was concerned since my VL was 16,000,000. I was stage 3 Fibrosis of the liver.. I took Harvoni for four  weeks and the HCV is not detected. I will continue the med for 8 more weeks. This stuff works."
"I am 30. My usual period prior to Implanon was like clockwork. I haven&#039;t got pregnant since the insertion. But I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding much! I stop bleeding 1 week each month.  Husband &amp; have sex during the no-bleed week. So is it the Implanon&#039;s effectiveness? or that my husband &amp; I are rarely having sex due to constant bleeding &amp; my loss of sex drive?  Since the insertion I&rsquo;m emotional, sensitive, irritable, anxious, depressed - a constant state of PMS. I have gained weight, 6 kg. The side effects are outweighing it for me &amp; 11 months on I&rsquo;m considering other options. I&rsquo;m happy I tried it, such a high efficacy rating &amp; no user error. It&#039;s worth a try &amp; if it works for you, great!  But beware it might not too."
"One day, out of the blue, I felt lightheaded ; I was nauseous, my legs were tingling and a horrible fear over took me. I had every physical test taken. All were negative.  Finally, totally desperate and afraid I&#039;d have another attack, I went to 2 psychiatrists. Both diagnosed Panic Disorder. (Found out it runs in my family. ) Was put on amitriptyline, Prozac, Busbar, Paxil. I stuck each one out for 6 weeks. The nausea was horrible and the anxiety debilitating.  Finally I met a psychiatrist who put me on Zanax ( .5 mg 4 to 5 times a day and 25 mg of  Zoloft. My life improved immediately. He said he hoped the Zoloft would end the panic attacks but it took a combination of both meds. I take .5 Xanax 3 times a day. I&#039;m alive again!"
"I have been taking this medication for 3  weeks now.  I have not had a headache since I started it.  I was getting a migraine 3 times a week previously. Topamax did not help me.  I am hoping for no serious side effects!  This has improved my quality of life tremendously"
"Before I was dead and now I feel alive.  It has been a miracle for me.  I stand in public places and think  I am here and not afraid.  I feel like a part of society again.  The first 2 weeks were bad.  Headaches feeling sick etc.  However after 4 weeks it started to get better.  Stick with it.  It has been a life saver for me."
"I suffer from Pruritus, a side effect to oxycodone. Cortizone cream is very effective. Stops itching immediately, with no unpleasant odor and is instantly absorbed into the skin. Hope this helps."
"I am on a trial pack starting from 25 mg with an increases of 15 - 20 mg a week. I am at my second week at 40mg and so for all I feel is the side effects. I found that if I take it on an empty stomach I get extremely nauseous for about and hour or two. I can&#039;t really tell if it&#039;s working yet since I&#039;m only in my second week, but so far I&#039;m not too optimistic. I was on Wellbutrin before and that had little to no effect on me. I don&#039;t feel depressed at all but I will say my anxiety has diminished. As for the ADD I guess will just have to wait and see."
"I have had chronic fatigue, facet joint syndrome, degeneration of parts of the spine as well as fibromyalgia and very severe osteoarthritis for over 10 years- I cannot take other OTC products because suprizingly they cause tummy upset. I have had no side effects, and  my MD watches me closely.I am glad to have this medication work for me."
"So I got this implant 08/2015 and the first 4 months my periods were normal and first 2 months I had a few mood swings. After the 3rd month everything seemed normal for about 3 more months. No weight gain, or mood swings or anything but now it got pretty bad. I went without a period for two months but now that it&#039;s back I get it every 2 weeks. I saw my dr yesterday 7/272016 and said that it is thinning out my lining so maybe that&#039;s why I am having my period more often. She prescribed some estrogen to see if it balances everything out and if not then I will need to take it out."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about 3 years and it works great for me! My periods are always at the same time each month and are light. I take it before I go to bed each night and it does not affect my stomach. It is the first birth control I started and I would recommend it. Everyone is different, but in my experience it has worked very well!"
"I began this drug when diagnosed 9 months ago with Stage IV Metastatic CA. I take 4 pills in the a.m. and 3 in the p.m. I began on the 14 days on and 7 days off regime. Went ok with only a little nausea at first, but a few cycles in had severe diarrhea and stomach pain to the point of passing out on the toilet. The next day diarrhea with bloody stools. My oncologist changed the cycle to 1 week on and 1 week off and I have had much less severe side effects. I do get a day or two with a bout of diarrhea and sometimes a day or 2 of foot redness even with using creams faithfully. However, my CT scan confirms my cancer liver spots have decreased and shrunk. My bone spots are healing in places and there are no new areas seen...so far, so good."
"This medicine made me nervous all the time, I was a wreck, I could never sit still. It took away the mania and psychosis but left me suicidal and depressed so my psychiatrist stopped it."
"I love Seasonique! I have been using it for about 4 years. I was diagnosed with extremely painful ovarian cysts in 2012 and my obgyn suggested I take hormones. When she said I could take a scripT where I would only have 4 periods a YEAR I jumped at it. I noticed a difference right away. The only problem with this is I have A LOT, pretty much constant vaginal discharge (due to the progesterone). It&#039;s clear and watery. But this is manageable for me and for all the benefits of the pill for me: worth it. I love the fact that I only have 4 periods a year. And insurance (BCBS) covers 100% of the cost for me!"
"This medication gave me COMPLETE AND TOTAL relief for the herniated discs in my lower back before the pain turned from Acute to Chronic. I was on Vicodin ES before that and when I was having pain at night my orthopedist put me on this and it worked great!"
"Started taking sprintec specifically for birth control around 2 years ago. It was the first BC I&#039;ve ever been on and I had always had a very predictable cycle. I would have intense cramping on the first day of my period but if I caught it early it was easily controlled with ibuprofen. Over the 2 years I&#039;ve been on sprintec I have gotten more and more PMS symptoms. I get nausea as well as cramping, both stomach and back. The symptoms last longer and are more intense. The most concerning part to me is that I began having extreme anxiety and have now been diagnosed with OCD. I can&#039;t say that the BC is the cause but I do wonder if it has been contributing. Use with caution and monitor yourself."
"(continue) I get a feeling like my poor uterus is being stabbed , also horrible back pain, gained so much weight horrible acne and even more discharge like white stuff inside my vagina ( I never had that in my life) it grosses me out .   I want to get it removed as soon as possible"
"My experience with SSRIs have been terrible. I&#039;ve been on Cipralex and Sertraline and they haven&#039;t worked at all. My doctor was really excited for me to try this one and I finally caved. The first few days were normal and the side effects were minimal (dry mouth, constipation, low appetite, a bit of drowsiness) but that all was manageable and went away pretty quickly. By the 9th day, I woke up and I just knew something was different. It&#039;s like my eyes were open and I had my life back. Having had depression for about a year, I always felt this grey cloud and weight constantly taking over my body and life. By the 7th week, mood + motivation was wonderfully back. I have my life back. Please try this if you can."
"Norco has been good to relieve my pain from my L2, L3, L4 discs herniated and resulting pain level 8 in lower back and down the sciatica nerve in my legs. 
   much better than morphine which makes me feel like I&#039;m asleep and trying to move thru cement. It really has done a good job of lowering the pain level and consequently I can function relatively well and get some things done each day, giving me a better quality of life instead of just focusing on the pain.
   I know I&#039;ve become addicted but I&#039;d rather be addicted to something that helps me than constantly suffer from pain and have misery day after day."
"I have had the Nexplanon for about 9 -10 months. Overall I&#039;m satisfied, I don&#039;t get my periods or get pregnant which is great at this time of my life. However I have had severe mood swings. I&#039;m overemotional. And I have gained about 25-30 pounds, Without changing my exercising or eating habits. I&#039;m thinking about removing it sometime soon. Very effective birth control you just have to be a me to deal with the side effects and I can&#039;t deal with not being able to fit into my clothes and there are other ways to not get pregnant."
"I have been on Lutera for 2 months. The only bad side effect I&#039;m having is horrible cramps during my period. I&#039;ve had a baby before and the cramps feel like early or Braxton hicks contractions. The bleeding is light. No acne, break thru bleeding or decrease sex drive.  The other side effects like dry eyes with contacts, nausea here there is bearable . I just wear my glasses sometimes. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain. I had a really bad headache before this period. And it lasted about a day or so. Other than that I&#039;m satisfied with the pill. It&#039;s doing the job of keeping me from getting pregnant."
"I had 2 shoulder surgeries. My doctor gave me this medication between the surgeries for pain. It worked. I did not get a &quot;high&quot; from it and it helped the pain. I do not like taking pills at all, but in severe cases I will use it and this did the trick."
"I was very scared by the reviews but I decided to try it anyways, however I did take Tylenol before using it and I did not feel a thing not even the next day."
"I was diagnosed with diabetes insipidus a little over a year ago.  This medication is absolutely a life saver.  I love this medication and it&#039;s the only reason that I can live a semi-normal life!"
"I was recently diagnosed with BPD (25yrs old-Female) 
I took abilify for 3 days, unfortunately I couldn&rsquo;t handle the side effects. For me oddly it intensified my anxiety and feeling of panic. I would constantly get hiccups and the sweats. The worst thing though was the itchy feeling of needing to get up and do something or feeling trapped and anxious and needing to runaway. It also made me very hungry and even though I would eat I wasn&rsquo;t satisfied. I&rsquo;m trying Topamax next... we&rsquo;ll see."
"I have had tremendous benefits from just 0.25mg taken as needed.  I previously had lived with anxiety and panic (from social situations, particularly work meetings, eating out at restaurants, etc) for about 9 months before working up the courage to see my doctor.  I started developing avoidance tendencies, and decided that I was tired of letting anxiety run my life.  I am careful to take it only as needed, and would highly recommend for those with occasional severe anxiety or panic.  I&#039;ve been exercising more and focusing hard on positive thinking, and that combination with the occasional Xanax has been tremendous. Remember, you have an awesome life to live!"
"I am 39 and weigh 191 . I had a surprise &#039;its not really menopause - its a baby&#039; 7 months ago. I lost 20 out of the 25 lbs I gained being pregnant. Then in November I had a partial hysterectomy. And gained back what I had lost in 2 months. That sucked. So today I went to my primary care Dr and asked for adipex...most drs won&#039;t prescribe it but she agreed I needed to lose weight. I&#039;ve taken phentermine before in my 20s with great results. Wish me luck on losing! I&#039;ll update again in a week."
"No serious side effects except for diarrhea  for the first few days. Not much of an appetite but improves over time. I take klonopin to help with anxiety and sleeplessness. You may also experience fatigue for the first few days as well so make sure you take it 12 hours before waking up in the morning."
"It helps most of the time.  But I also take Hydrocodone/Ac twice a day.  I also have rheumatoid arthritis and Osteoporosis.  And take two different meds for that.  Leflunomide and methotrexate."
"I&#039;ve had RA for 4 years.  500mg naproxen tablets were my first treatment.  They definitely helped the day get better and be able to function daily.  However, they did not stop the morning stiffness and pain or the build up of inflamation in my body.  I definitely needed a more serious drug to stop the progression of the disease."
"g2b started sovaldi with ribavirin this morning. After 1hr I had a weird taste in my mouth and uneasy stomach all day. I took my 1st dose at 6am and by about 1pm I felt 98%normal. Then 3 more ribavirin at 5 now I have upset stomach feel irritable. 89 more days hopefully the side effects taper off after a few days like I&#039;ve read they do. As long as in the end I&#039;m virus free then this is a small price to pay for prolonging my life and not having to worry about death from liver failure."
"I have had 2 rounds (5 years each) with the Mirena and never had a problem. This round they used the Liletta IUD which was inserted on June 1st. It was supposed to be better. It is not. I have had my period for 37 days straight. They should advertise that it&#039;s effective because you won&#039;t have sex since you  will have your period EVERY SINGLE DAY. I have resorted to buying pads and tampons in bulk.  I&#039;m over it. Biggest mistake and wish I spoke up and insisted on the other brand. Stay away from this one. It&#039;s not worth it. I gave it the one star because I will take part blame for not doing more research."
"I found this medication extremely helpful when I was first diagnosed. I had to change my eating habits dramatically, so when I messed up or when the nausea flared up Reglan was great. I did find, like many other patients, that the side effects (anxiety for me) got worse over time. After about a year I felt I had learned how to manage my diet and stopped taking Reglan entirely. Reglan was a great tool in the beginning to help me figure out what eating habits worked, but now I manage everything through diet. I think that is very possible for others with gastroparesis, too. "
"Xulane has been effective as far as keeping me from getting pregnant. However, I have an appointment with my obgyn to switch to a new method asap. I was on Ortho Evra for about 14 years and absolutely loved it. I experienced no side effects. When I was switched by my insurance to Xulane, the symptoms have multiplied. Started with lack of sex drive and intermittent bleeding. More recently, the cramps have become debilitating and I have them 2-3 weeks a month. I feel bloated all the time these days. And upon reading everyone else&#039;s reviews, I am beginning to wonder if these extra 5-10 lbs are the result of this medicine as well since I haven&#039;t been eating anymore calories than normal."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from generalised anxiety but especially at work..for around two years. Previously taking citalapram, I stopped due to side affects. Initially wary that these would be the same or worse. But 4 weeks into treatment. I really am back to my old self, Happy to enjoy life rather than being anxious all of the time. What&#039;s more, my work performance has improved, relationships are much more fulfilling for me and them. I exercise more, eat healthily, and generally my cognition is calm and clear. 
Few side affects.. Slight sleep disturbances, jaw clenching, and thirst...all now reduced and are easy to live with considering the benefits."
"Important weight gain issue with Lexapro: make me hungry all the time. Also this medicine make me more anxious and clinically ill especially at 20 mg. Not a good one for me. Tried it for a month."
"I&#039;ve been on the Levora pill for 3.5 years now. My breasts never got any bigger, and I got a bit of acne that I ended up getting medication for. My periods have been really light, as others are saying. However, I&#039;m an athlete and have just been diagnosed with Osteopenia (early onset of Osteoperosis) and I&#039;m only 22. Basically, the Levora has inhibited my calcium intake for almost 4 years so my bones are becoming less dense. Getting off of the pill immediately."
"I have been on this for a week.  Day 1. Blurred vision and feeling like I&#039;m in the matrix zoned out after 2 hours and severe nausea. I wanted to quit. But it calmed me and I felt unbothered by things what would normally make me cry. I take it at night and wake up with SEVERE anxiety as I had before taking it but I can feel my body trying to compress it. I pray and hope it gives me the happy energetic feeling I need. Right now it&#039;s keeping me calm but I still can&#039;t get out of the bed"
"I started this pill 4 months ago for my cramps and nothing has changed cramps are still the same and my period is still really heavy. I&#039;m changing to trinessa crossing my fingers I&#039;ll have a better experience."
"My sister had terrible side effects with this medicine.  Rapid heartbeat, sweating, tingling arms and legs, itching, burning of her skin.  She changed all laundry products and body soaps looking for relief."
"I just got my Skyla yesterday morning. I love it so far. I am 20 and I took birth control in the past but I wanted something more reliable/did not have to keep up with daily. I did not think the insertion was that painful. My doctor said I handled it very well compared to other woman. Towards the end it was painful but it was tolerable. Just stay relaxed and remember to breathe and you&#039;ll be fine. I had a little spotting within the first few hours but after that I stopped bleeding. I had cramps yesterday and I seem to have lower back pain today but pain reliever helps with that."
"My doctor tried me on this when it first came out. I&#039;m unusually sensitive to medications so we started at 5mg/day. It worked great for about a week. Side effects of nausea, blurry vision,dizziness and itching were bothersome but manageable. We then upped it to 10mg a day. Again, it worked for about a week and then stopped. The nausea was horrible. I was taking it at bedtime with a small snack and Zofran (for nausea) and it still made me sick. I would wake up nauseous &amp; to my feet/ankles itching intensely. Benedryl or other allergy meds would not help. It would last about an hour and then go away...until the next morning. Had to stop after 2 months from the horrible side effects. By that time it had no effect on the depression whatsoever."
"I am 59 years old. I had all the symptoms of menopause from dryness to night sweats , insomnia, mood swings etc.. I started taking Angeliq nad now feel like  I did when I was 25.  I have been on it for 12 years and have never experienced the side effects mentioned. However more recently I am experiencing a strange prickly pain in my heart.. I am hoping its not serious. Quite honestly I am actually afraid to get it checked as i am  afraid the doctor might ask me to stop my angelic intake. Sincerely I will never ever be able to stop taking them. I will be  miserable without them. They are my happy pills."
"I love Plan B... this is my second time taking it since 3 years ago and it really works me and the hubby don&#039;t want any kids at all and i can&#039;t be on birth control because my body cant tolarate it so we have to use protection and on wednesday 17 on my last day of my period the condom broke and we both panic and 30 mins later i took the plan B i was anxious because i had to wait a month untill my next period and one month later it came right on time and we are so happy!!!"
"I always read reviews, but this is the first time I have ever felt the need to comment on anything online. I am on Wellbutrin 300mg and recently began Latuda 40mg and a month later Topamax. I didn&#039;t realize it was working until I noticed that EVERY relationship in my life had improved. My relationship with my husband, mother, siblings, kids, etc. My appetite began to increase so my doctor added Topamax and I regrettably stopped Latuda thinking they were both the same. Well I did stop eating as much, but a week later it was like I had lost all that progress. I was back to my old irritable unstable self. I will give Latuda credit for being the first and only medicine to make me &quot;normal&quot;. "
"I am on a maintenance dose of 1 mg 3 times a day along with a different Xanax .5 if I am having a panic attack. I&#039;m agoraphobic and suffer from anxiety because of multiple reasons. I find klonopin is a amazing medication that helps tremendously. I wouldn&#039;t have the life I have today."
"I am 18 years old and have been on this birth control (only birth control I&#039;ve ever taken) since January of 2015. My first few months were pretty good. I had mood swings of course, regular periods, very mild cramps and headaches (which I usually get every now and then with a period). But in march of 2015 I had a very light period, and haven&#039;t had one since. Yes, I&#039;m regularly sexually active, I&#039;ve have the same boyfriend for the past three years and we&#039;ve never used any protection until I got on the pill. I take my pill regularly everyday around the same time and yet, I&#039;ve still had no period. I took a pregency test and it came back negative, any suggestions on what may be going on? Are other females having this same problem?"
"I&#039;ve had really bad experiences with birth control in the past - the pill made me throw up on a daily basis and the shot was just a nightmare. After the crazy mood swings, lethargy, two-month period, social anxiety, and weight gain I experienced with the shot I was nervous about trying birth control again. But so far I&#039;ve had a good experience with the patch. The first month I didn&#039;t have much of an appetite and often felt nauseous, but now that my body has adjusted I only have a few minimal side effects.  I crave junk food more, but that&#039;s easily managed with a bit of will-power or chocolate.  My breasts have grown a bit, but after the shot shrunk them that&#039;s not a bad thing. Thank goodness I found something that works."
"I can understand some of the confusion people have on this product.  From my perspective, it is unusable as the sole source of insulin.  It seems negative reviews are trying to do just that.

However, if you pair its use with a pump and use exclusively for corrections and/or carb heavy meals, it is a huge improvement to the manageability of my type 1 (I imagine most type 1&#039;s can relate to those times when you screw up a carb estimate, and it normally takes hours to normalize again.  With Afrezza, it is resolved in an hour)."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for over a year now. There are some good and some bad that come with it. Of course. I&#039;m 21, always have had light periods and when I started this birth control, I quit having them. I take ALL of my pills when I&#039;m supposed to and I haven&#039;t had a period in months. Here and there I will spot for less than a day. I&#039;m somewhat moody and get angry easier than I should sometimes. Great news, I didn&#039;t lose my sex drive on this pill as I have with others. I&#039;d recommend trying it, if it works, it works. If not, onto the next."
"At first I thought this was a miracle drug but after about 2 months they had to double  my dosage then in about another 2 months later the same thing. Next thing you know I&#039;m on the max dosage with no symptom relief. OMG that&#039;s when the real nightmare started. It was almost impossible to stop. I was ready to check in a a hospital. My doctor did watch me and did her best to get me off the medication safely but it was really really hard. Even though it did not help my fibromyalgia I suffered from withdrawal. Please PLEASE really read the side effects before taking this medication."
"Taking Butrans for 90 days....10 mg patch.....I love how it helps to control the highs and lows of sharp pain....keeps an evener feel"
"It works. Is it painful? Yes, but it works. It is more painful to be backed up like that, than it is to just take a couple hours worth of pain and nausea and get it over with. My opinion."
"This medication absolutely changed my life for the better.. Stress has always been something that has effected me all of my life, but one day it got the best of me and my anxiety attacks/stress led to depression. Being from a fortunate family, I had never gone through many hardships, so when I had a big struggle in my life I had no idea how to cope. I would sleep hours and strangely for the first time in my life, I did not want to interact with anyone and didn&#039;t want to even be active (I grew up playing all sports). Thankfully, I went to my family doctor and got the help I needed. After only 2 weeks on the medication, my overall mood and demeanor has improved dramatically and my anxiety/stress level is immensely lowered. :)"
"At first, I had a few headaches and lost 6lbs in 30 days. But what is really amazing is that it made me nauseous to drink alcohol. After 4 weeks, I was to celebrate with a nice healthy dinner including wine but after drinking 1/2 glass, it made me feel so bad, I had to chug water to not vomit. Now, I can&#039;t even think about having alcohol because of how it made me feel. Contrave should be marketed for alcohol addiction! On a negative side, after 30 days, I have severe cravings for sweets which I have not had before. I plan to continue Contrave for the full 90 days, so time will tell if it is worth it. Stay tuned!"
"Couldn&#039;t sleep. Dr prescribed 50mg and 10 minutes after taking this medicine I felt extreme anxiety and felt panic .  Heart racing.  Looked it up immediately and saw it was a side effect with some people. But  it is not scarier than not sleeping.  Will tell Dr next time I go in what happened. Now just up when I can&#039;t sleep and hoping there is something that will help. I tried ambien which worked for a while but had an episode of sleep walking on it. I don&#039;t know what else there is to try.  Did all the natural otc stuff and exercised more but I still wake up in the middle of the night and can&#039;t fall asleep again. Healthy 54 year old woman, 110lbs 5&#039;4.  Widowed  started happening after my husband passed away tried antidepressants too"
"I started the shot when I was 17 about to be 18. I am now 20 about to be 21. Very effective at preventing pregnancy. However, I have terrible mood swings, migraines, and weight gain. When I started taking Depo I was the healthiest I have ever been. Slowly but surely I put on the pounds and my depression became unbearable! The first year I didn&#039;t gain much, maybe ten pounds and went from a size 4 to a size 6. I weighed 135, now I weigh about 170. It&#039;s horrendous! I just switched birth control yesterday, so I hope it treats me better than Depo Provera!"
"I was on several psych meds trying to get a good combination. Everything I tried only got me so far. When I introduced lamictal it was amazing! I read someone said it was their miracle drug. That&#039;s for me also. The things I don&#039;t like about it is that (it doesn&#039;t happen so much any more) it makes me off balance. Kind of like I walk like a drunk person. Then the only other thing is that if I miss one dose it takes 2-3 days to get the brain/body shocks to stop. If you miss three days/doses I was told that you have to start taking the drug over again like you&#039;ve never used it before. Don&#039;t miss getting your refills on time. I am definitely a &quot;person&quot; now as well. Without it life is extremely bad. I&#039;ve been taking it for over 6 years."
"Great product. Company paid the co-pay too.  "
"Our 12 year old son was having terrible anxiety and could not get along with anyone at school.  He did not trust anyone and would not listen to anyone either.  He suggested suicide more than once but thankfully never went through with it.  We regularly saw a therapist but would not listen. We reluctantly decided to add the smallest dose of abilify to his depression medicine. In approximately 2 days we saw an immediate change.  He seems more &quot;balanced&quot; and the anxiety level down significantly.  It has only been 2 weeks....but so far so good."
"My mom who was on Prolixn for years was put on Abilify in 2005 and was on it until 2007.  She became more needy and more annoying, but wasn&#039;t having the psychotic symptoms as bad.  The mental health center who was regulating her medication never checked her blood sugar, only blood pressure.  She took a random blood test at a Walmart store and found her blood sugar was way out of control.  She comes from a family with no history of diabetes, and she did drink soda or eat high sugar foods.  She stopped taking the Abilify cold turkey which caused her to rebound into severe schizophrenic episodes. No one could reason with her."
"I started Saxenda in on 11/9 Thursday. First dose .6 at the doctors office weighed in at 228.6. Got a headache immediately but went away that evening. Today is 11/11 Saturday I administer in the mornings. No side effects so far, except a little more energy.  I weighed my self today and 230.2. Way to early to judge, but my cravings for starch and sugar are gone and food is starting to look and taste weird. My food portion intake is definitely less almost a struggle to eat. I will update each week."
"I was on Accutane when I was 16 for about 8 months. I first took 40 mg a day then he moved it to 80. The only negative side effect I had was dry lips. My doctor kept me on it longer because I have extremely sensitive skin and can&#039;t use topical things like benzoyl peroxide because it makes my break out in skin rashes.  I have had clear skin up until about six months ago. I am 24 so that&#039;s 7 yrs of clear skin. I am going back to my dermatologist this week so hopefully he will put me back on it because it is amazing. I would seriously stay on it forever if I could."
"Never taken any Antidepressants before. Had my first panic attack about a month ago and felt very down. Had another panic attack 2 days later. Felt as low and desperately sad as I ever have in my life. Came on very suddenly. Went to the doctor and he prescribed me 50mg of Sertraline.

First week was awful! Anxiety and depression even worse! Unlike a lot of you, I was terribly constipated. Sleep was disrupted but bearable. Appetite completely gone. No suicidal thoughts but felt so sad and low. However, having reading all your feedback I decided to stick with it. I am now on day 12 (I&#039;m aware it takes a while to &quot;kick in&quot;) and for the first time today don&#039;t feel quite so bad. Anxiety gone... Will stick with it for now..."
"I have suffered from severe, chronic constipation for over 5 years. This past August, I started drinking 2-3 capfuls of Miralax a day &amp; was taking a massive dose of magnesium. Still, my abdominal pain/constipation persisted. Shortly after upping the Miralax/magnesium, I began to notice blood in my stools. As the fall progressed, I passed a bowel movement MAYBE once a week &amp; it left me crying in pain each time. I was bloated &amp; miserable. Recently, I saw a new GI who decided to do an endoscopy which revealed a large, bleeding stomach ulcer. She also decided to have me try Linzess. I have gone to the bathroom 1-2 times a day EVERY DAY since. This drug changed my life. *** TIP: DRINK MAG CITRATE 1-2 DAYS BEFORE STARTING TO AVOID CRAMPING/PAIN"
"I tried the Mirena due to heavy periods. I was 49 when I had it inserted. The cycle of the insertion last about 15 days. After that, my period hadn&#039;t lightened up at all. I actually had a period starting two weeks after the last one during the 5th month. I decided after the period of the seventh month that I wanted it removed. My cycle was still 6-7 days, but the last two months included an extra day of spotting started. By this time in the journey, I had celebrated my 50th birthday, knew that having more children was not on my &quot;To Do&quot; list, and really wanted my heavy periods to end. So, I had it removed and I am now scheduled for the ablation procedure. I had high hopes for the Mirena, but it wasn&#039;t the right fit for me."
"Me and my boyfriend did the deed on 3/10, the condom had broke. My period had just ended. We didn&#039;t realize until after when he was pulling out. We immediately began to panic. I took a quick rinse off shower (don&#039;t know if this is the best idea but oh well) after I rinsed off we went to the store and bought plan b. We went home right after and I took it. I was feeling really nervous about this whole thing. I began to read so many reviews. On 3/14 I began to bleed very heavily and had cramps that lasted for 6 days. I started having cramps, my breast hurt, and everything u can think. I was due 4/3. I took a test and it came back NEG. I was 12 days late before it finally came! It takes time but I promise everything will be okay in the end!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Glumetza ER (500mg) for three weeks now and so far so good. My levels came down to 85-115 within the first five days from 230. I take it with breakfast but I&#039;m thinking about changing it to dinner time because my numbers always go up while I&#039;m sleeping. I sometimes get a slight headache about five hours after I take it and right about the same time have loose stools. It doesn&#039;t bother me as long as it keep my numbers down. I&#039;ve lost a total of 11 pounds since finding out I&#039;m type 2 and using Glumetza ER. I&#039;m 32, 180lbs, 5&#039;3&quot; and a mother to two beautiful girls."
"This Medication gave me my life back , after being on most every type of other opioid medication and I mean everyONE. I have many minor/Major health problems related to chronic pain, neuropathy and arthritis, barely able to walk, within three months of intense Physical Therapy and 30mg Q12hrs (once morning , once before bed) , I have been able to work, walk with a limp but w/o a cane, no ups and downs like the Fentanyl Patches I had Rx&#039;d for a year, Roxycodone, hydromorphone, oxymorphone IR and ER, and many more opioids, that seemed to give the euphoria that of course most people would become either physicaly dependent or develop an addiction disorder which I suffered from both . After I spoke with my Dr. I was able to get on Methadone."
"Really helps me out very well."
"Had good luck with it.  
Wish I could still get it.  Told it is not avaialable."
"Hi. I am on day 16 of 10mg. The first 6 days I was very tired, excessively. But the majority of my anxiety was gone by then.  Days 6-8 I had severe insomnia, it passed and by day 9 I had no racing thoughts before going to slep. Today is day 16. I feel better about my life circumstances. I have a 9 year old with Aspergers. I am no longer spending every waking moment obsessing over what will become of his future. My cognitve functioning seems clearer.  Have been able to keep up more with home chores. Still not as energised as I would like to be. Coffee makes me more jittery since starting the meds. I can now tell the differnce between caffeine jitters and my real anxiety though.
I am hoping that by week 6-8 I have even more clarity."
"I have read so many comments on this birth control. I was on Seasonique (Doctor recommended for endometriosis) before LOSeasonique, because when I went to my doctors office and asked for samples (due to insurance changes) they were out of Seasonique, and only had Loseasonique. I asked the nurse if they were any different in dosage (wondering if I&#039;d have more chances at getting pregnant) and she said they were about the same. LoSeasonique is my 5th pack already... and well I can say that it&#039;s helped me a lot when it comes to preventing pregnancy. Every 3 months I have had a super light period for over a year now. I have never really broke out only with stress... I just hate that I gained weight, have normally low grade fevers and cant sleep at night."
"Ok so just like all you I took plan B. Me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex a day after I finished my period. Not sure if he came in me or not I IMMEDIATLEY went to walgreens to buy plan b. The waiting game was hard. I spotted a week after taking plan b and my actual period was 3 days late. Here I am sitting here typing this with such great relief. Guys I thought I was pregnant. I had ALL these terrible symptoms and signs of pregnancy but guess what PLAN B DOES WORK. DO NOT BE PARANOID JUST GIVE IT SOME TIME.  YOU WILL BE OK I PROMISE.  I hope this gives you guys the relief and peace of mind. I felt like a zombie for almost a month because I was terrified. IT DOES WORK. Sending good vibes to whomever may need it. Ps. Don&#039;t think the worst"
"Listen, let me tell you about this drug. I thought I was dying. I was vomiting 5-6 times per week with no apparent cause and at random times (but more often in the morning). I had also gained 30+ lbs in the two years since beginning Amethia, but having always struggled with my weight I wasn&#039;t as concerned with that issue because I thought I just needed to diet. Well, I stopped taking Amethia about 3 weeks ago. The first thing that happened was that I had diarrhea for a week straight. Second, I immediately dropped 5 lbs, which I thought was due to the diarrhea, but the weight loss is continuing and I&#039;m now down nearly 10 lbs in 3 weeks without trying. And finally, I haven&#039;t vomited for three weeks now, which is AMAZING."
"I have had acid reflux for over 16 years. Started with tums/rolaids and they offered some relief if I ate about 10 per day! Then I started on Prevacid, and it worked fine for a year or two, but still had some heartburn. Then tried Prilosec OTC since it was so cheap and it worked almost as good as Prevacid. Then a year ago my doctor started me on Zegerid, and it completely took away the heartburn. Now I have to make sure that I take it at least 15 minutes before I eat anything or I get wicked bad burps! An hour is best. Anyways I have been experiencing some side effects, so I may stop taking to see if they go away. I have been getting some dizziness, headaches, bad gas, stomach pain, and anxiety. They usually are mild."
"I just started taking Gabapentin, I only took one 100 mg and I feel spacey and dizzy.  Is this normal?"
"I have been on this for about 7 months.  I used to have unbearable periods with awful cramps and vomiting every month or every other month.  I would bleed through super tampons in about an hour.  I missed school the first day of every period because I would feel so terrible.  Now, I have periods that are only 3-4 days long and are super light. I can tell my breasts have swollen and I have gone up a cup size and gained a couple of pounds, but it is also College, so who doesn&#039;t gain a few pounds?  I would much rather have a little weight gain than those awful periods or a baby right now."
"Before I was on the Depo Provera shot,I had extremely painful periods..periods that were so painful, sometimes I would have to miss work. I would literally be doubled over in pain all across my lower abdomen, ibuprofen sometimes didn&#039;t help. This had been going on for several years, but last December I had enough, and decided to get the Depo Provera shot..I have been period free for several months now, and I feel so much better, I am one of the lucky few who hasn&#039;t really experienced any side effects. The Depo shot has been a miracle in my life, no more painful periods!"
"I have experienced depression for years now and nothing seemed to work or I would get all of the side affects. A few weeks ago my Dr prescribed Abilify and wow, it works. I am taking 5mg a day currently. I say give it a try. It improved my mood my depression. After a few days. It has given me a better quality of life with my 10 yr old son. It has pulled me out of the dark . I hope it keeps working."
"I was given Propofol for a tendon repair on the right wrist. I went out like a light, but on waking up had several cold like symptons including a sore throat and sneezing. I didn&#039;t think this was related but after reading other reviews that noticed these side effects I think it could be. Waking up was otherwise very good, but I forgot everything the surgeon told me just after I woke up."
"I have had chronic diarrhea for the last 26 years.   I have tried many, many different medicines, but none helped me except this.   I cannot believe how good I feel now.  My whole life consisted of knowing where the next bathroom was.  I was prescribed to take this  2x a day.  The following day after starting it, my diarrhea has stopped completely!!   I am now starting my second month on the medication and I have had no side effects and absolutly no problems.  I sure wish I had this many years ago."
"After reading the reviews I was nervous but went through with it. During the insertion I cried because it was super painful for me but my boyfriend sat by my side the entire time holding my hand to squeeze. The next few days there was some cramping. Nothing a heating pad &amp; ibuprofen couldn&#039;t help! I am also a very active woman. I do a lot of circuit training/weightlifting &amp; I love sex. I was worried that I wouldn&#039;t be able to do my fav positions because some say they cramp, but I haven&#039;t experienced any cramping at all! I stopped bleeding after two days &amp; I spot very little. Neither my boyfriend or I can feel it when we&#039;re intimate. Also! No side effects. Today I had my 1 month ultrasound &amp; everything looks great! I&#039;m very happy I got the IUD!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for Bipolar I for over a year now. Recently I&#039;m experiencing a bit of bipolar depression with irritability and anxiety, so my doctor has increased the dosage from 40 mg/day to 80, but I&#039;m titrating up at 60 mg this week. I also take Lamotrigine at 75-100 mg/day and I already notice a positive difference, so I think it&#039;s fast-acting, which I initially noticed when I was first put on over a year ago (I posted a review here in June 2012). Some minor side effects for me are increased tension in the jaw area."
"I was only on this for a month because the symptoms were too much for me. The day right after getting this put in, I was very suicidal (never happened to me before) and my anxiety was through the roof. This calmed down after a few days, but the anxiety stilled showed up on and off. In addition, I bled every day for a the month I had it in (heavy bleeding and cramping). I also noticed my skin acting up. I did not gain weight, nor did this change my appetite, but the bleeding, anxiety, and depression were enough for me to quit. I read some blogs that indicated that some women didn&#039;t see a reduction in the symptoms even after a year on the pill. Lastly, my sex drive completely went away so it almost felt pointless to stay on this."
"Recommended by my endocrinologist, he gave me 3 pens as samples. Just started my third week into the liraglutide injections, had my first 1.8 last night. I&#039;m still experiencing a lot of cravings, and constant-ish hunger. My portions are smaller, not because I can&#039;t eat more, but because I choose to make smaller plates. So far I&#039;ve lost 6 pounds since October 7th (to October 22nd). I&#039;m not really feeling the weight loss, or many side effects (mild nausea very infrequently, and some constipation). Hoping the higher doses have a better effect."
"I&#039;ve written a review 2 months ago and things have changed a little. I&#039;m 18 years old and I&#039;ve been on this BC for almost 4 months. The first and second month and a half, I was experiencing bloating, nausea and pelvic cramps. I also felt a little depressed and down. I spotted in the third week of the pack and got my period on the placebo week. In my third pack, I spotted and only had my period for about 3 days when I normally have it for 5. I also had a yeast infection and a UTI 2 weeks later. Now, I&#039;m on my third week of my fourth pack and I&#039;ve been experiencing pelvic cramps for a week. I haven&#039;t spotted yet . My nipples started to feel sore too which was strange because it never happened since I started takin the birth control."
"I have awful allergies and have since I was a kid.  At 30 years old I finally couldn&#039;t take it anymore, and gave in and started taking medicine.  I take a prescription strength Claritin, and use Flonase, Fluticasone Propionate. I really like it because it takes effect immediately.  I actually like the smell of it. It cracks me up because it is for allergies, yet smells like flowers.  I noticed it works best if you blow your nose first and use it first thing in the morning. I did experience a mild nose bleed about a week into using it, but haven&#039;t had one since and I have been using it 4 months now."
"All my life I have had severe acne... I&#039;ve probably tried any and every cream, drug, wash, etc. that is out there and nothing has ever worked.  So when I got engaged two summers ago I decided to go ahead and start birth control about 6 months before the wedding to see if THAT would work because I&#039;d heard it did.  Well Ocella has DEFINITELY eliminated my acne, that part has been wonderful.  But I&#039;ve experienced a huge decrease in my sex drive and more bothersome than that, I have been getting migraines at least three times a week regularly since I started taking it.  Also, I have learned now that it is geared more toward treating PMDD which I don&#039;t have and therefore is a higher dose of hormones which I don&#039;t need."
"Today is my third day with nexplanon and it is pretty great. I was nervous because I&#039;m scared of needles but I didn&#039;t feel a thing. The first day my arm was sorta numb but it was fine. The second day and today I&#039;ve had some breast pain but nothing too bad. I&#039;ll keep updated!"
"I was on Reclipsen for a year. I was not happy with my experience. I always had a short fuse and my acne got worse. The only good things were that I had no weight gain and my periods were much lighter and one day shorter than without birth control pills. My obgyn tried me on Zarah and I had an even worse experience, so she switched me back to Safyral."
"I acquired adult asthma at age 41.  I was using a rescue inhaler at least 1-2 times per day and was having a hard time sleeping due to increased nasal discharge and asthma symptoms.  Literally choking at night.  Dr put me on the Dulera recommended dose of 200 mg 2 puffs, 2 times per day.  I was out of my mind hyper although I could instantly breath better.  I dropped the dose down to 1 puff early in the day and the Dr. said that it was fine as long as I felt it was helping.  It&#039;s been 3 months, I feel amazing. I no longer wake at night.  My sinuses are no longer dripping.  I breath easier and I&#039;ve lost 15lbs because my activity level has increased now that I can breath.  I have not needed a rescue inhaler once.  Amazing for my needs."
"I&#039;ve been on Tri-Sprintec for about 3 weeks now. It definitely has it&#039;s pros and cons. First, I&#039;ll start by saying that I was put on this pill for abnormal uterine bleeding which came with THE WORST cramps EVER. So, doc prescribed me this and my mood swings have gone, there&#039;s no cramps, and the bleeding finally stopped after months. So, I&#039;m assuming it&#039;s starting to regulate my cycle. BUT - I am experiencing the nausea and fatigue. I go to school FT and work FT so I seriously hope it ends, because I can&#039;t afford to miss either of those important parts of my life. Overall, it does the job as far as the bleeding and mood swings are concerned, but may not be worth the side effects I&#039;m experiencing if they persist much longer."
"I started taking the toujeo 20 units at night about 1 month ago and started having lots of problems my back and neck and vision feeling of not well, being depressed. I really thought I was dying I got off of it yesterday got back on my metformin. I am beginning to get better. The side effects were not good.  I did not  think it was the shot right away but it did not take me long to realise. I don&#039;t wont to go through that again. Please pay attention  when you start feeling strange - be aware."
"I have been on Invokana two weeks now and I love it, sugars went from 300&#039;s to 90&#039;s. I feel great exercising again losing weight, but having the vaginal infections I hope as my body adjusts this will go away. Been diabetic since 2009 tried many meds. And this has been the best for me. I would recommend anyone to try it!"
"I am 18 but I have been taking vyvanse since I was 16 years old at 70mg and still taking the same dose. It is 100% better than concerta XL it has changed my life 

The appetite is not the worst thing I just get really dehydrated and not notice it I can eat after taking it ( 4h after taking it) 

Keep in mind I have been on stimulant like meds for years now I have grown to fight the appetite effects"
"I had the Mirena for 6 years, I loved it. The pros for me were no period at all just a little spotting every now and then, I did not have any pain at all. The only thing I have to say negative about it was that I did gain some weight and I had a very hard time losing weight with it, but I was ok with it. I guess it did not have to worry about getting pregnant it did its job. I just removed it 2 days ago and am just letting my period start up again."
"Provigil made me lose my appetite at first, I lost about 20 pounds. The energy was great for a few months but it lost it&#039;s effectiveness. It only took me four months to reach the maximum dose. "
"I started Nexplanon June 2015. I had spotting for the first 2 weeks, 1 period is July and haven&#039;t had another one yet. I don&#039;t feel any more anxious than before but I have gained 8 lbs so far. I love it other than the weight gain. Hopefully that stops"
"First I would like to state that I&#039;ve read.  the comments &amp; reviews on zubsolv in this thread, and I have to say that I think the positive reviews are BS. I think the pharmaceutical company paid people to write the reviews. Zubsolv is horrible! 3 hours after taking my dose I go into full-blown withdrawal. I&#039;m in a long-term treatment center and everyone who has switch from suboxone to zubsolv mirrors what I&#039;m saying. No matter what is being said, the Buprenorphine in zubsolv is not the same as Suboxone. Zubsolv is great if you want to be in withdrawal all day. Thanks, but no thanks"
"When fall sets in so do allergies where I live. After a trip to the doctor I was prescribed Allegra D- 12 Hour, and found that I had the sinus pressure relieved within 2 1/2 - 3 hours. However when drugs.com list states &#039;dizziness&#039; as a side effect, they&#039;re not kidding. I had to get someone to take me home because I (personally) was too dizzy to even walk straight. So if this is prescribed to you I would suggest taking it on a day &#039;off&#039; such as a weekend, or at night to discover how it affects you personally before you take it on a work day and find out the bad way."
"I am 26. I have two boys. I had no problems with mirena. Easy enough procedure, usual spotting, then no periods. I loved it, until after 1 year I realized I gained like 30 lbs...*note* I did nothing I usually dont do...I ate the same...I exercised even more. I&#039;ve never been heavy, ever. Now I&#039;m almost 200 lbs. That&#039;s the only problem I had. I got it taken out 1 month ago. If I don&#039;t lose my weight in 3-6 months I might put it back in and blame it on something else, but I doubt it."
"I rated Pristiq a 9 for the simple fact that although it was really helped me get out of depression, I have been having crazy vivid dreams.  The dreams are not pleasant, or bad, just weird.  I have flashbacks about them all through the day, and I can recall almost every little detail.  Some might argue that this is not a bad side effect, however, because of this, I&#039;ve been having poor sleep.

All this said, it wouldn&#039;t be a reason for me to get off the medication.  It has really given me back my life!"
"hi this is my second time on orlistat the first time i carried on eating all the usal rubbish and the side affects were horrendice!!! so i came of them i decided to give them another try. i stoped snacking and have stuck to low fat diet just brekfast lunch and dinner its been a week today and ive lost 10 pounds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

i hope i can keep going. good luck x"
"I&#039;m a 35 year old male with a BMI of 40, healthy blood pressure and no diabetes. Last year I was diagnosed with Binge Eating disorder. Cognitive therapy and DBT has been extremely helpful with my condition, but it&#039;s not 100%.  Contrave has provided that extra bit of a safety net that I need when I&#039;m struggling.  It doesnt make me less hungry, but the Naltrexone blocks the positive feedback from my overeating,  stopping the cycle and helping to break my unhealthy associations with food.  I&#039;ve never experienced nausea while on the full dosage.  The main drawback for me is that Contrave is expensive since my insurance does not cover it.  Considering asking my doctor if we can titrate me on a similar dose of generic Naltrexone and Bupropion."
"I got my Implanon in May of 2010 and I have called my doctor multiple times to get it taken out. They told me to give it a few more months, and I tried birth control pills with it to regulate. I actually lost weight (appetite) and haven&#039;t had headaches, cramping, or loss of sex drive-all of which make me love it. The only problem I have is bleeding. I bleed when I go to the bathroom (sometimes) but I definitely bleed with sex. This does cause problems in my relationship. If it weren&#039;t for the bleeding, I would absolutely LOVE this birth control. I have no complaints other than that, and I sure do hope that the bleeding stops."
"I&#039;m rating this a 6/10 because it was INCREDIBLE for my acne. After a week my skin had never looked so clear in 10 years. It was seriously amazing. But unfortunately it made me unbearably dizzy. I had to stop after two weeks and I was so upset about it but I just could barely function. I&#039;ve been taking Doxycycline now for a month and it works half as well but doesn&#039;t give me any side effects. I&#039;m bummed out about it but it&#039;s worth trying in case you don&#039;t have the side effects I did."
"1st injection= mild swelling then relief. Injection 2 = intense swelling and pain. Synovitis. Had to get a steroid shot. Injection 3= they felt maybe the 2nd injection was in the wrong place and wanted to try again I did. Worse swelling and pain. It is not a suck it up buttercup thing. I am an ironman and have had surgeries. This is abnormal and swelling to the degree of not being able to bend my knee to 90 degrees. Nor straighten. It is painful and tight.   Bad reaction not good and not normal.  Now I will be at the Doc Monday 72 hrs post injection b/c I am so swollen I can hardly function.  He will draw fluid off and give me a steroid injection. This is awful anyway - too common."
"I must really have a problem. I take it for singing at church. But need a much higher dose than most I see on here. When I am just singing with the Praise Team I take 60 mg, but when I sing a solo I take 100 mg to feel no symptoms of heart palpitations, feelign like my throat is going to close with no notes coming out. And im 5&#039;3 115 lbs female...started with 10mg and kept having to increase dosage until I felt symptoms gone during a performance.  Seriously dont know what I would do without this medication!!"
"Take only as necessary. 2.5 mg- 5mg. only when necessary. Been taking for years when I feel nervous and have a tension headache. Works great to relax me. 30-10 mg pills can last a year for me"
"I wish that I did not take this horrible drug (pylera).  I recently learned that taking raw turmeric would kill the bacteria.  During the treatment I thought I was going to die.  I absolutely had no energy.  I was dizzy, nauseated, had no appetite.  I could not take care my 3 kids.  I could not work.  I was in bed and counted down the days to finish the treatment.  I was not able to finish the last dosage.  6 weeks later I went in for a breath test and sure enough the bacteria was eradicated but I am left with horrible symptoms.  I believe this drugs have caused my body to be so weak that my chronic pain has aggravated, and my sensitive stomach has gotten worse.   My stomach demands foods every 2-3 hours. I have gained so much weight."
"Started taking Wellbutrin after the birth of my first child 9 years ago.  I had had a history of depression since college, and had tried different medicines but could not manage to take anything consistently.  Postpartum depression and alarming thoughts about harming my child were the final straw.  My doctor put me on Wellbutrin.  I did have some initial side effects, including trouble sleeping and lack of appetite.  I also had shaky hands for the first couple of weeks.  I have stopped and started a few times over the years thinking I didn&#039;t need it, but always ended up back on.  Each time I re-started I would experience the side effects for a few weeks, and have finally learned to just stay on it."
"I have been using the Jadelle implants ( levonorgestrel, unavailable in the US &amp; UK) for 3 months now. 
My experience has been a rather smooth one, other than irregular menstrual bleeding and feeling nauseous through out the day. 
Plus they are very effective in preventing pregnancy. 

This drug has had no effect on my weight whatsoever. In any case, I have lost almost 20 pounds through exercise and improved diet since I began using it. 

I&#039;d recommend this drug to anyone :)"
"I&#039;ve had horrible migraines since I was still in high school so I finally went and saw a neurologist and after running several tests and experimenting with several different medications, DolgicPlus was the only one that relieved my migraine within 10 minutes. I did not experience any side effects whatsoever. I was finally able to just go about doing what I needed to do for the rest of the day. "
"I love Trinessa. I&#039;ve been on it for about a year and a half now. Unlike other birth controls the most weight I gained since I started it is 2 pounds. I love it. Simple, easy to use, and effective. Give it a shot. Plus cleared up my acne!"
"I&#039;ve been on LoSeasonique for about a month and one week. I take the pill every day at the same time. Haven&#039;t missed a day. I was spotting for two weeks, then I started my period. I&#039;ve been on my period for a week and a half. I&#039;m staying on it just to see if it gets better. But it is not worth only having your period every three months. This is torture. Plus I have the worst cramps of my life."
"I had increased oxygen to 4 liters and since starting Uptravi I have gone back down to 3 liters and not so short of breath anymore. The side effects are terrible and I just made it to 800 mcg taken twice a day and now suffering with dizziness, pressure in my head, joint pain and a warm sensation which starts from my chest up to my head. My pulse ox has not improved still in low 90s % and that is with oxygen and without it drops to 87 %. I am going to be starting another 200mcg twice a day added to the 1600 this coming Monday hug!"
"I have been on 1.75 for 10 months and I will never give this up. Sure the stomach was forced into a new appetite. But once I stopped any fried foods, cheese and a few other irratations, the stomach was happy. Funny thing was my mind stopped craving cheese and fried foods. Totally gone from things I think about eating. Thursday is my dose day. Wednesday night I have huge appetite, but still for good stuff. Lost 20 pounds, a1c down and blood pressure down. But best of all I am no longer with irritable bowels . No more cycles of loose and diarrhea. I feel my intestines are happy and I am absorbing minerals and nutrients now."
"So I got my Skyla IUD about 24 hours ago. I&#039;m 25 years old, and never been pregnant.  Originally was wanting the paraguard due to no hormones, but my doctor told me my cervix was small, and recommends Slyla would be a better fit for my body.  The insertion wasn&#039;t bad, it was a lil uncomfortable, lot of pressure, and a mild cramping feeling.  The discomfort from getting the IUD inserted wasn&#039;t as bad as my period cramps, granted I typically have severe cramps.  I did have slight cramping after the insertion nothing bad, feels like a slight period cramps.  I did spot for about 5 hours after I had it put in.  So far so good though."
"Works every time."
"Start taking the medication to stop it. But it never did I&#039;ve been on the pill for 2 weeks now and it seem like I&#039;m bleeding more than when I was not on the pill having huge blood clots and bleeding uncontrollably calling doctor in the morning to see what I can do"
"I&#039;d been drinking and getting drunk for 25 yrs. I&#039;ve driven drunk to many times to count. By God&#039;s grace I never hurt myself or anyone else, or ever been pulled over by the cops. I recently lost what I think could of been the love of my life. My words were harmful when I got drunk. He had enough and won&#039;t except another apology from me nor my many attempts to contact him. I had to do something. Naltrexone is changing my life! I can&#039;t wait to get used to not overdoing it. I can&#039;t wait to be in a relationship without cursing him out due to me overdoing it. Hopefully I can get back the love of my life one day but for now I&#039;m working on myself. I little bored and and little lonely but me being sober is worth it."
"I was switched to Viorele from Azurette about 3-4 months ago. Azurette was amazing. Light periods, no cramps, no acne, no mood swings, no weight gain and did not mess with my Libido what so ever . It worked with my body perfectly. Since I&#039;ve been put on Viorele, I&#039;ve had the WORST mood swings, and bad depression. My boyfriend has even noticed that I never want to do anything anymore and am on the verge of crying/ having anger episodes. I have not been myself since I&#039;ve been on Viorelle. I was on my period for literally the first 2 months of taking it. I also have had NO sex drive. Which is also affecting my relationship. I know different medications effect differently to each person, but I wanted to share mine with this medication."
"Epiduo has saved my skin! I&#039;ve been dealing with acne since late elementary school (I am now finishing high school). I&#039;ve tried every product on the market. Finally my dermatologist gave me Epiduo and I noticed a difference within a week! I didn&#039;t get the side effects of dry skin but I did notice it irritated my skin a bit, I quickly got used to it. Now about 3 months later my skin is clear! I still get the occasional pimples brought on by teenage hormones but other than that, I&#039;m completely happy with my skin! Thanks Epiduo!"
"This shot ruined my life. After recieving this vaccine I began to pass out up to ten times a day. I couldn`t do anything because I would faint without warning. Now I have horrible tremors, GI problems, and daily joint pain. I have heard other people have had these same effects from this vaccine. My doctor was very pushy about getting this vaccine. I would never recommend this vaccine."
"After trying four other types with horrible side effects, Velivet was a welcome improvement. First month was a bit moody and had spotting but after that my very irregular period (weeks off) became regular almost to the hour. I did not gain weight and have minimal decreased appetite. Doesn&#039;t seem to have a strong effect on my sex drive either way. Almost entirely cleared up my acne outside of a touch right before I get my period. Horrible cramps that would me bed ridden are mostly gone. Just have moderate cramps for 24 hours after first getting my period. Period only lasts 3-4 days now compared to 5-7 before."
"It helped but I stopped taking it because I&#039;m trying to conceive."
"I couldn&#039;t understand where all this bloating was coming from. Along with joint pain and blurred vision since my hypertension has been treated and under cover for years.  Well, I found out that the generic version of venlafaxine ER included a hydrochloride extended release that was also in the brand.  Thought I was in menopause - but I&#039;m not.  The increase in my blood pressure is causing quite a bit of other problems.  I don&#039;t know which is worse, uncontrollable hypertension with complications for my thyroid medicine because of the iodine from the sodium or the depression from the hypothyroidism.  Either way - my doctor is working on the problem because I just can&#039;t take myself off my medicines."
"I&#039;ve been on trintellix for 10 weeks now, roughly. I was on 5mg for awhile, now on ten. At first the nausea was unbearable and all it really did was stop me from getting overwhelmingly sad as often but now I&#039;ve found that I&#039;m more outgoing and capable of trying my best even in uncomfortable situations. The nausea is still there but it becomes super tolerable and gravol is a lifesaver. The only time it became a problem is when I was sick, I vomited non-stop, I had bronchitis so apparently the throat pain mixed with nausea was to blame. Still, overall trintellix has done wonders for my mental health and I&#039;m hoping the majority of others can agree or find another medication that will do for you, what trintellix has done for me."
"What a difference it has made in my life."
"Started Seasonique about a year and a half ago. Had some spotting for the fist six months and then it tapered off. The first period I had on it was excruciatingly painful. Felt like I was constantly getting stabbed. The first time I felt those cramps I dropped to the floor for a bit. I decided to weather it out and continued taking the pill. Worked great for about a year but then started getting random spotting that lasted for 3 weeks. Have switched to another BCP now. 

As far as I know, it worked pretty well at preventing pregnancy. I took it around the same time every day. I never really missed any days so I can&#039;t relay any experiences about that."
"I had a rebate so I was able to get Epiduo for $35 instead of $60 prescription co pay. I was pleased with how well the samples my doctor gave me. I had originally gone in to have some moles removed and he asked why at 27 I was still breaking out. I was like &quot;you tell me. You&#039;re the dermatologist.&quot; Epiduo isn&#039;t as drying as the other acne creams I tried as a teenager and I&#039;m pleased with my results. I&#039;m especially pleased that two very determined blackheads I&#039;ve had for years are both, as of today, gone. I would definitely recommend Epiduo."
"From January 2015 my period started being irregular and I haven&#039;t had my period since June last year (2016). My doctor recommended provera, 5mg for 10 days. My period came 4 days after the last pill. Am so happy and I hope it becomes regular again."
"I been on Cymbalta for almost a year and I have no anxiety or depression I really didn&rsquo;t have any side effects except nausea but other then that the meds work great I&rsquo;m happy with it "
"Been taking it for 7 months prior to this had really bad flares nothing worked. Steroids wouldn&#039;t control. Had UC for 19 years and had spread further up my colon. Was offered azathioprine. So thought why not. Best thing I have ever done, I have my life back.  My regular bloods are all normal. Not taking anything else for UC. Toilet once a day. Have joint pain but that a small price to pay. Don&#039;t have to worry about being near a toilet."
"I started using clonazepam years ago, recommended by my partners psychiatrist at the time to help me with insomnia. I was using 0.5mg only on occasion and it was a miracle. I would fall asleep within an hour of taking them and have a great nights sleep. Loved it. Years later the dosage is now 4.25mg (as my resistance built up and the lower dosage no longer helped).  I do take them about three times a week to sleep, especially Sunday night before the work week begins.  However, I am now worried that my dosage is too high and I will have trouble getting off of them. "
"I have BP problems. Having hard time finding a med to control it. Was given a beta blocker that caused a heart attack put me in hospital. Put me on Norvacs 5mg twice a day. Was on 1 and 1/2 weeks I had severe headaches. Tremors,blurred vision, stomach pains, burning in my legs, had red burning spots form on my lower abdomen then blisters. Off med and will never take Norvasc again. Now on Losartin and Clondine,doing fair with BP. &amp; no side effects."
"I started the shot when I was 14 to regulate my periods and as I&#039;ve read a lot of women say it made them worse, but for me the first few months made it worse for me I bleed for almost 2 months but after I got my second shot my periods stopped completely. It is also a great birth control, personally I gained only alittle weight (5-7 pounds) but I liked it because I&#039;m considered smaller than average. My stomach gets bloated and my back hurts when I&#039;m due for my next shot and I get a little moody but other than that it&#039;s been pretty good. My breasts and bum grew which is a plus. I recommend it for a birth control."
"This is the wonder drug. I was on Vicodin and oxycodone for over 6 years from back surgery. I found a doctor who helped me get off them and give me life again. It saved me from losing my family and my friends. Suboxone starting working immediately after the first dose. Instantly I was feeling better about my life. If in doubt don&#039;t be, admit you have a problem and get some help. Read all the above comments, they are true."
"started Victoza 2 weeks ago and lost 6 pounds so far. My stomach was a little upset,but I find that eating more alkaline foods rather lots of acidic foods helps tremendously."
"I was just diagnosed with PCOS. Well I asked the doctor what I could do to stop the bleeding. She put me on this. I just started my second month.  I&#039;ve been bleeding for about 1.5-2 weeks. Its heavier than its even been. I&#039;m going through ultra tampons every 3 hours."
"Went to dermatologist 3 days after first sign was only using Abreva with no results. He suggested 1500mg Famvir now, and gave me 3 more to take at the first sign of additional outbreak in the future. Within one day the swelling had gone away and the blister was starting to clear up.
I have used other treatments but nowhere as fast and effective as this product."
"I only gave this pill a 7 because it hasn&#039;t done WONDERS for me (I was hoping my skin would become flawless I guess) but I have lost about 4-5lbs since I started taking this pill. I just started my third pack 4days ago and the weight is still dropping. 

Not to say that will continue, I&#039;m sure my hormones will level out in a month or two, but I am thankful I&#039;m not gaining weight. I don&#039;t exercise anymore but I am semi-conscience about what I eat. 

I&#039;m a firm believer that everybody&#039;s body is completely different and can and will react differently to different medications. I was put on this for PCOS bc my testosterone was high so it is supposed to help with that and I believe it has even as reluctant as I was to start taking BC again."
"Iv been on the depo for almost 2 years. For about a week know I have pressure when I urine and there&#039;s blood every time I go to urine. I haven&#039;t see blood in about 2 years I have pain evertime.  What is wrong with me I&#039;m scared "
"36 year old female with ADHD, Depression, Fibromialgia, Severe Menopausal hot flashes, and Panic Attacks: total hysterectomy at 29.  Strattera #22 or so on my list of Antidepressants, Nerve Pills, Sleeping Pills, Hormones, Herbal supplements, etc.  The Gyno got with the Psychiatrist and weeded out tons of things that I&#039;m severely allergic to and came to the Strattera (no red dye, sulfa, codeine,..).  It eliminated hot flashes entirely, I lost 50 pounds, I focus better.  All else I just have to deal with.  It makes me severely nauseated and gives me a migraine every day and makes my heart beat irregularly pretty often and I can&#039;t eat after it at all, but I am up living, working, playing with my grandchildren, NOT sleeping and crying."
"I have been on Biaxin for about 7 days for sinus infection and bronchitis. I started to feel better after a couple of days, but don&#039;t feel as good. Still coughing and stuffed up on one side. Side effects haven&#039;t been too bad - metallic taste in mouth for some time after I take it, but goes away. Also makes me a little nauseous if I don&#039;t take with food. Wondering if I need to go back to the Dr. though."
"I have been on Descovy + Tivicay for 2 weeks and have almost zero side effects, besides a little  diarrhea for the first three days. I&#039;m looking forward to my results in a week."
"I&#039;m a 17 year old female. I have OCD and anxiety and this has done nothing for me! I take 7.5 mg 3 x a day and I wish I could take something else. I&#039;ve been out of school for like a month because of my anxiety."
"I&#039;ve had a horrible cough for two weeks and for the past two days have a dry persistent cough that sounds horrific. I was prescribed Tessalon Perles 100mg twice a day and immediately stopped coughing. This medicine is wonderful and suppresses the urge to cough. I highly recommend this medicine. It does make you drowsy."
"This med saved my life. I was having a hard time dealing with all the side effects from my menopause."
"I think the shots are very painful, they sting, no matter how you inject it. Let it sit out for 20 minutes first, etc. Also- I liked the injectable pen better when I was using Enbrel. This needle is a real needle, no injectable pen. I feel it&#039;s harder to use on yourself that way."
"I was given this by my podiatrist for ball of foot pain due to wearing heels; All I can say is I wish I wouldn&#039;t have waited 3 months to go to podiatrist ; Im on day 3 and im in no Pain!!!....Thank God for this medication!!!!"
"The is the best product for really bad headaches and migraines (if you have migraines, you know the difference).

Because of the shortage in 2011-2012 I now keep several 300 counts as extra stock.

Can&#039;t be beat for relief!"
"Combipatch took away flashes within 2 weeks, nausea and headaches. I don&#039;t like to take any medicines at all, but the symptoms of menopause were affecting my life. I am on the lightest dose."
"this medicine along with prozac really helps depression"
"When I tried Malarone around 2007, I became nauseous, stomach hurt, I could not eat at all and could not get out of the hotel. I had to stop the medication because I could not enjoy the vacation. However, in 2015 on another trip, I was given the generic version of Malarone. I felt fine during the whole stay and felt fine after the 7 days after the trip ended. While my friend, on the other hand, tried the brand name Malarone version and started to feel nauseous, swollen during the first day of the trip and had to stop. What do I encourage you to do? Please try the generic version of Malarone - Atovaquone and proguanil hydrochloride."
"This is my first time ever taking birth control of any kind. I&#039;ve been seeing my boyfriend for about 8 months and until about a month and a half ago we used condoms, then I decided to get put on birth control. I&#039;m currently about halfway through my second pack, and things seem to be going pretty well. Probably about the second week of my first pack I had abdominal cramps. Just like period cramps. My breasts also hurt really bad. But both of these symptoms went away within a few days. My period was also shorter and lighter, but my cramps were just as horrible as normal. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, that I know of. I don&#039;t weigh myself weekly so I&#039;m not sure about that. But everything else seems pretty normal."
"I have been on the implanon birth control for almost 12 months have had it in since after my miscarriage in may of 2014. Have not had my period the entire time not even spotting. Lately I&#039;ve been feeling sick having cramps. Well when I woke up this morning and used the bathroom I realized I was spotting. And had cramps. Spotting came and go and cramps got worse! What could that possibly be from"
"I get chronic UTI&#039;s and kidney infections.  I recently found out that my chronic infections have led to scarring of my left kidney and both ureters so I go in for a cystoscopy and Videourodynamics in December.  Cipro is the only thing that works for me.  It works fast too.   I usually get bad headaches with this medicine, but I am prone to headaches as well...lucky me.  I always make sure I take good probiotics when I am on this medicine to replenish the gut flora.  Bactrim is weak and never works...Cipro is the only thing that works for me and my body.  Everyone&#039;s body is different so do your research and talk to your doctor about your concerns."
"I had the Mirena inserted two weeks ago on the second day of my period.  I have had two children and I didn&#039;t feel the insertion of the device AT ALL.  My doctor did use the ultrasound machine to make sure the placement was correct.  I took 800mg of ibuprofen before I went to my appt.  I had slight cramping and have had light/bleeding since.  I am and avid runner and I have no problems with pain after rigorous exercise or intercourse.  I am hoping that as the weeks go by the light bleeding decreases.  It&#039;s worth 4 years of birth control to me."
"I have been on the Nuvaring for over 5 years and it has completely changed my life for the better. I am a HUGE advocate for Nuvaring and highly recommend it.  I was the girl who had horrible cycles, front and back cramps that could keep me out for the first day-sometimes two days-of my cycle. Clotting, moodiness, you name it - I had it.  I HATED being a girl and wished to never cycle again. Well, Nuvaring was the answer."
"I take 0.75 mg at 6.00pm. This totally relieves restless legs syndrome for me. Side effects are mild but include profound sleepiness and mildly heightened libido (true!) which are somewhat self-defeating. Because Requip is a dopamine agonist it works alongside iron as a co-factor. Therefore, I need to minimise iron-depleting lifestyle factors as well as taking Requip. That means that I can only have de-caffeineated coffee and that I can&#039;t drink alcohol. "
"My son, now 10, was diagnosed with impulse control issues. He has always had As and Bs in school and always loves to read. He gets bored alot in class and his impulse control (blurting out, saying what&#039;s on his mind/no filter) had caused him to be put in alternative school (where his grades began to falter). Over the summer, we had him evaluated and they said that meds would help. Our general physician didn&#039;t want to put him on a stimulant and suggested Straterra. First 2 months @ 60mg. Lost 15lbs (which put him at the right weight actually) and slept all the time. Backed off to 40mg since then and he&#039;s maintained his weight, sleeps well and maintained grades. Too bad our monthly script cost increased x9. Looking for a cheaper alternative."
"I took invokana for almost a year...kept a yeast infection and I now have bald spots in my hair. Yes I lost weight, but the side effects were too much for me... got off the medicine and gained all the weight back. I will stick to metfomin."
"Just started taking this medication after a dental gum graft. I drank PLENTY of water as directed. Felt as if my life was ending with the severe heart burn I experienced. 

I guess this is something we need to endure if we don&#039;t wont a massive infection in our bodies ... This just doesn&#039;t seem right ?!?!?!?!"
"Its just a placebo just meant to slightly reduce the discomfort associated to an herpes outbreak. Has no effect whatsoever on the root cause, which is the virus itself, and therefore it does not shorten the course of the outbreak as other more effective over-the-counter medicines do."
"Worked great. It improved my vision."
"This stuff straight up works. I&#039;m a 27 year old who has performance anxiety issues, and this stuff is a life saver. Don&#039;t listen to those who say it doesn&#039;t help with psychological issues; it really does! My only two complaints are the cost, and ironically, sometimes it&#039;s TOO easy to get an erection (it doesn&#039;t take too much stimulation and it&#039;s rock hard)."
"My PA prescribed this for me after I complained of bad cystic acne at 30 years old. This medicine has been nothing short of life-changing. It took only a few days before I started seeing my skin clearing up. Now a few months in, I can easily go out without makeup! I honestly feel like a new person."
"I&#039;ve been on this stuff for about 3 weeks. Typically 250mgs 3 times a week. I took my last dose 7 days ago. Not because I wanted to drink but because the drug spaces me out a bit and I was putting it off. So yesterday I decides to test it and drink. Apparently every alcoholic eventually does.

Anyway even with a small dose and a 6 day gap, the liquor didn&#039;t make me sick but it was a very uncomfortable experience. Instead of that usual obsession where one drink leads to another to the point of total blackout, I actually poured my last beer down the sink.

With 4 years of doing everything under the sun trying to put down the bottle, for me a desperate situationeed called for a desperate measures."
"I&#039;ve had a great experience so far on Nexplannon. While I did have a serious bruising issue for about a week and a half at the incision point, it went away. Absolutely love it as birth control! However, I&#039;m noticing that exercise makes me nauseous. Even biking to class! Also, when I get hungry but aren&#039;t home to eat, I get nauseous too. Other than that, no weight gain (I&#039;ve actually lost weight after gaining 15lbs in 8 mos on pills! That was my reason for switching) no hair loss and only super minor spotting. Pretty much completely satisfied!"
"Im 17 years old and I&#039;ve taken Focalin Xr 30mg for most of my life and as much as it helps in school i would not recommend taking this at all, like most people with adhd I am pretty good socially and when I&#039;m on focalin i become very pannicky, you cant eat and for me i feel like pukigg if i try to eat, my body becomes achy and my mouth gets really dry and mucusy, sleeping is a nightmare, I have tried to make this work, even took it every single day to build up a tolerance, but its always the same thing. Sure, i managed to sit down and get my work done but when the work is done and school done for the day you feel strange, like not in your own skin. A tutor is the best thing that has happened to me along with b12 vitamins."
"I find Suboxone to be the answer to my prayers.  This medicine keeps me on the straight and narrow and am VERY proud of myself."
"I&#039;ve been taking Sprintec for exactly two weeks. I have had absolutely no symptoms. There has been no break through bleeding, nausea, headaches. I&#039;ve been breaking out a little more than normal since I started Sprintec but that could also be due to stress. I take it around 7:00 pm or so, right around when I eat, this may be why I have been able to avoid any nausea, so I recommend taking it with something to eat. When it comes to effectiveness, I can&#039;t comment yet until I finish the pack, but I&#039;m sure taking it regularly will make it effective."
"Works great but I&#039;m coming off this as they do not stick well enough so I&#039;m having to change it every few days, i gym and swim a lot so this probably doesn&#039;t help! They also leave a black sticky mark like a plaster but it&#039;s there even when the patch is on so doesn&#039;t look great. Has made my breasts go and become so tender :-("
"Alprolazam keeps me on an even keel."
"Should very careful if suffering from Osteonecrosis of Jaw, and avoid in pregnancy."
"I&#039;m so much more focused at work and home. But I noticed, if I don&#039;t eat, I&#039;m a space cadet. Eating is very important,  otherwise you&#039;re just wasting a good medicine. I also have ALOT more energy, By Far! I work the overnight shift at work, and it helps very much.  Thanks Adderall."
"It took me awhile to see real results while on Claravis, I even stopped taking it for about 2 weeks at one point because the side effects were too much to handle. The dry/peeling skin resulted in a lot of scarring, and it was extremely difficult to get used to. However, by the 3rd month I had developed a good moisturizing routine that really helped to keep my skin looking healthy. It took a lot longer than I had originally expected, and it took a lot of patience, but I am a week into my 4th month on Claravis and have been acne free for a few weeks now. My dermatologist is saying I may not even need to go the full 6 months because of my great progress. So if you are considering this mediciation for your acne, just be very patient."
"Took this medication to help with weigh loss. It did help with weight loss, but I never felt well. This impacted my ability to exercise, which really decreased my weight loss. Then four months in, I got very ill with a bladder infection that did not clear up. Lots of lower back pain, front pain (where gallbladder is located, but I do not have mine) and continued lack of energy. I mention to my weight loss doctor and am informed that this medication can cause kidney stones. So, I am off this medication and in the process of ruling out what is wrong with me- but most likely kidney stones caused by Qysmia. The pain and doctor bills were not worth the 10 pound weight loss. I would avoid it."
"I suffer from Psoriatic Arthritis and Fibromyalgia.  My Pain Dr. recommended this when I became Opioid Tolerant. This drug works fantastic and fast for pain.  Please be aware though within 6 months my Dr. had to increase dosage several times for same affect, and higher doses caused &quot;narcolepsy attacks&quot; and severe panic/anxiety attacks.  I ultimately decided the pain control was not worth the side affects.  Getting off of it was a nightmare, withdrawal from hell, ended up needing assistance to get off of Subsys.  For a terminal patient I would recommend this medicine, for someone trying to function a normal life please think twice and tread carefully."
"Starting weight was 173 (5&#039;5), combined Qsymia program with up to 1000 cal per day (no exercise) - recording with my fitness pal app definitely helps!! I lost 18 lbs altogether in 6 months where majority lost in first 3 ms, maintained during rest with pills on/off. One thing I did not like about the medicine (especially at the first couple of months) is the side effects; dry mouth, anxiety attacks (which I never experienced before) &amp; insomnia but it subsided after awhile. Regarding pricing, some insurance companies will allow for pre-authorization if you get your doctor to reason with them it is necessary for you; this way   coupon you can pay as low as $35/ month supply.  not bad program overall.."
"10 to 15% improvement after second gel capsule"
"I cannot say enough positive things about Contrave. I started the end of June with the 1 pill and then 2 and so on and that first month I didnt see a difference really in my appetite. Once i got my second bottle and started on the full dose...drastic difference. I eat 1/4 of what I normally do portion wise...less snacks/meals a day. And most importantly i have NO desire to eat just to eat. I am not addicted to food anymore. I actually have to make myself eat. I am not a weigher because I obsess but since i started the full dose a lil over a month ago i have lost 26 inches all over. Everyone has noticed my weight loss...cashiers at stores even lol, its significant! Not to mention I am just happier in general!"
"If i could rate this lower than a 1 I would. Worst. Experience. Of my life. I had severe nausea from a dental infection in the hospital and the doctors gave me compazine through IV. I don&#039;t even know when this happened but I had a crazy out of body experience. I saw myself laying in my bed and had NO idea where I was. I thought I was in Arizona at first at a hotel and then freaked out because I had no clue who the people in the room were (my parents, my regular nurses). The room spun and then I vomited everywhere. It was horrifying. I was nauseous for about twelve more hours and then had hallucinations. I saw people walking in and out of my hospital room that I knew damn well weren&#039;t real or there.DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG."
"Has helped so much."
"I was very depressed after negative situation happened in my life, not to mention I had no job and didn&#039;t get out of bed. I went to a psychiatrist whom then prescribed me Zoloft. After about a few months of him increasing my dose, I told him I stopped taking it because it did not work/help (I told him each time he increased the dose). Unfortunately he told me he couldn&#039;t help me anymore. 
         Thankfully, I found a different doctor ( APRN). The first day we met she decided to give me a sample of Brintellix (10mg). I LOVED it and how it has changed my life! Everyone saw a huge difference too! I&#039;m a completely different person, with no depression. Also my anxiety has dropped tremendously."
"Really helped, but if you are on methadone or extremely high levels of narcotics ask a doc first. My sister who was on 200mg of methadone a day took a 8-2 suboxone and she went into withdrawal. I was eating tabs, perks and o. C&#039;s and finally decided to try the suboxone. Well 1yr later I am free from the searching, sickness and hassles. I love them."
"TERRIBLE!!!!!! I just got mine removed today &amp; switched to an IUD. I had it for 3 years and my experience was horrible! I gained about 60lbs, very emotional and always crying, my hair fell out and is extremely thin now, and I would come on my period 3 times a month. The only thing I will say is that my boyfriend and I were very careless with our sex and I never got pregnant so it for sure works well. But no, I don&#039;t recommend !!! "
"I have been taking opiates for years. It started with lortab then oxycodone and finally heroin. It ended up taking my brothers life at 36 years old. He left a wife and 4 beautiful children. Suboxone has been a miracle for me. I&#039;m in the process of tapering off through my doctor. I&#039;m looking forward to that day. What a blessing."
"This drug saved me today!  always had insane anxiety over public speaking... today gave a presentation to 100 physicians.... my heart was racing and palms were sweating as I stepped onto the stage.... 10 seconds into my presentation all nerves faded away and I rocked it! I was totally in control of my breathing  and speaking pace. Received applause at the end not to mention complements from my colleagues who never heard me present. I was EXTREMELY nervous and might have overdosed slightly as I took 120 mg... during the 4 hours before my presentation I was experiencing serious anxiety about the speech and drug not working.... but boy did it work! This  treatment really works!"
"First drug to work for me in 30 years."
"After taking doxycycline for a while, my body became resistant to it, so my dermatologist switched me to Keflex for acne. I think I had at least five bowel movements the first day. Eventually, my digestive system became somewhat regular, but then I started getting headaches on a regular basis. It cleared up my acne somewhat, but it was definitely not worth all the side effects. "
"works good"
"I like the medication, I feel better but not 100% anxiety free. What I like about it is that now my mood is stable and I am happier and most of chocolate craves are gone. I still worry about things here and there but is much better than it used to. I can say that I feel just like my old self (happy and full of life)."
"46 year old UK male; slim, above average fitness, eats well. Tried 3 different statins with same intolerable brain fog, muscle pains and palpitations over a 3 year period.

1st injection: mild muscle pains in my back, cold legs and feet, morning glory, a little brain fog, looser stools.
2nd injection: similar effects to the 1st but 50% less strong, except the morning glory and looser stools.
3rd injection: mild brain fog for an hour (starting about 2 hours after taking), cold feet, looser stools still.

Not had bloods tested yet, but if LDL comes down I&#039;d be very happy to stay on Praluent based on these minor side effects.
Very hopeful about this convenient statin alternative."
"Taking the drug for angina and hypertension for about 3 weeks. It appears that the drug has begun to &#039;kick in&#039; and my blood pressure has fallen, I have not experienced any chest pain in the last 2 weeks."
"I&#039;ve been using Yaz for 3 years now, I haven&#039;t had much side effects, I&#039;ve had spotting on the odd time but other then that this is a very effective birth control. Everyone reacts differently to birth control though you just have to find the one that fits you. "
"I had previously been on Errin for 1 year. After switching pharmacies, they gave me the generic version, Jolivette. I&#039;m finishing up my first pack this week. While on Errin, I had two periods a month (aggravating, I know!) but it was just like clockwork. After starting Jolivette, I had my first period during my second week but did not start on my fourth week like I did with Errin. Called my doctor and she told me that even though they are essentially the same drug, they can affect you differently. She told me to give it a few months to work itself out. The only complaint I would have so far, is how ridiculously pregnant it makes you feel. I had very sore and tender breast for almost 2 weeks and irregular periods! Time will tell!"
"I took way too many vitamin C tablets and it gave me explosive diarrhea. :("
"I was prescribed Zomig by my Neurologist, I have severe headaches. After taking it, it would kick-in in  about 30 minutes and the pain would go away. However, after taking sumatriptan instead of this, it wouldn&#039;t work as fast as it did before and I had to wait for hours before it would be completely gone. It works great though!"
"I have been taking this medication for panic and anxiety  with great success but I wonder why it is not listed for this?"
"I started taking brintellix March 2015, almost 1 year and I feel great. I was very scared at first and skeptical to take brintellix. But, I can honestly say it changed my life. I started taking 10mg first few months. Then my doctor switched to 20mg....I have my energy and focus back and couldn&#039;t be happier. at that certain time of the month for women are difficult with anxiety but after it goes away."
"I&#039;ve been on this med for a while now. The first month was really hard, I didn&#039;t see any changes. In fact I felt as bad or worse than before , But by the second month  I started to feel better. For me I&#039;ve noticed that if I take it during the day I have a headache feel fatigued and nauseas and sometimes hot too. So I make sure to take it at night before bed. There are two things I don&#039;t care for about this med though: the cost and the weight gain!"
"Took Lo Loestrin Fe for about 18 months - during the first month or two I experienced some spotting and bleeding between periods, but after that my period stopped completely.  I didn&#039;t mind it, because I was very good at taking it at the same time every day.  

I went off the pill a month ago and my period returned 5 weeks after stopping the pill."
"Fast acting. Works every time."
"An absolutely excruciating sharp pain in my shoulder woke me up..so severe I cried for my wife to take me to the ER at 3am.  Turned out to be a pinched nerve in the neck sending pain to the shoulder.  A prescription for Metaxalone was given that I got filled along with Naproxen.  

The Metaxalone works very well for me.  I split the pills into two halves and use when it feels like the shoulder pain will flare up.

No &quot;loopyness&quot; or drowsiness.  I am a 24 year recovering alcoholic and this medication works well."
"I got diagnosed with chondromalacia in both knees 7 years ago. Fast forward to the present, it&#039;s now osteoarthritis in both knees and clearly visible on xray. I got the Orthovisc shots for the first time this month. The shots are rather unpleasant, sure, but they are totally worth it. Your knees will be rather sore for the next 24 hours, but it&#039;s tolerable. I&#039;m extremely pleased with the results. I had been taking Voltaren for a few years, and that only alleviated the worst of the symptoms. The stiffness from sitting long periods or waking up in the morning is almost completely gone. Stairs no longer hurt. I still have to ice my knees and experience some stiffness after workouts. Nothing will bring my old knees back, I guess."
"I have been on Ocella now for over 2 years.  Like many of you I was taking Yasmin and it was switched and I wasn&#039;t told but noticed it before I took it.  I called my pharmacy just to make sure this was the right medicine and it was.  I haven&#039;t had any problems except for one.  I have a low sex drive.  I&#039;m 26 years old and I honestly thought my body changed after having 2 children.  I did not know this was a possible side effect. Other than that I love it.  My periods are regular, lighter, and come on time.  I have no cramps and my skin cleared up.  I was also not aware of Ocella switching to a name brand drug.   "
"It really helps me control my mood.  I normally take one to two every day depending on what is happening.  For example, I completely blew up at my girlfriend the other day over something completely stupid, took one of these, and my anger was gone.  It really helps."
"I&#039;m a 48 year female with hypertension in the 160/95 - 190/100 range.  I am sensitive to a lot of medicines. The 5 mg of Bystolic fluctuated my Blood Pressure from 113/60 to 190/100 and it was never constant.  My heart rate also slowed to 42.  I had to pretty much drop my exercise routine due to the unpredictability.  I also had bouts of confusion, generally feeling removed from the things around, almost a surreal feeling.  After almost 3 weeks of it I am going off of it.  I can barely function in my job.  I was switched to Tekturna today and hope that the side effects are reduced and that I can function clear headed again.  It may be great for others but not for me."
"Love it, it helps ease my severe neck pain, haven&#039;t had any side effects yet."
"I recently got Implanon put in and I could not love it more. I&#039;ve never been on birth control before but this one is amazing. I never had bad periods before but I was just a moody person. Since getting Implanon I&#039;ve been in a much better mood. It was painless and left hardly any bruising. It was free for me and I couldn&#039;t be happier. I haven&#039;t gained weight, which I was hoping I would. I&#039;m thinking of when I get it taken out getting I&#039;ll have another put in. It is so nice not having to worry anymore. I suggest this birth control to everyone just give it a try! They say it looks scary getting put in but I simply turned my head, and it went by so fast. Implanon is my miracle drug, my sex drive has INCREASED and I&#039;m happy."
"Tresiba in three weeks what Lantus 40 units  couldn&#039;t, lower blood sugar and have me at normal 120-125. Love it."
"Definitely assists with relief from persistent coughing after sinus or cold symptoms."
"I take 8 mg a day.  2 mg morning and noon and 4 mg in the evening. Effective in spasm relieve and perfect for the night, before  that I was constantly tired, but unable to rest at night of discomfort  and  pain in the neck. Now I am alive during the day with some exceptions, an hour after I take 2 mg pill I feel sleepy if I am relaxed. But if I am outside or active sleepiness goes away. That is not applied for 4 mg, after this does I am out."
"I&#039;ve had lifelong insomnia. My dad will tell you stories about all the nights he sat up rocking me because I didn&#039;t sleep. I&#039;ve tried every over the counter remedy from melatonin, to valerian root, to sleepy time tea, to benedryl, to calms forte... nothing works for longer than 3 days at most, and it still takes hours to fall asleep. I&#039;ve tried prescription sleep aids, and Lunesta has been by far the most useless of them all. It doesn&#039;t make me even a little bit sleepy. It does, however, leave the most foul taste in my mouth. It tastes like I&#039;ve been sucking on an old penny and chewing the white part of a grapefruit peel. And it doesn&#039;t go away with brushing or mouthwash, it&#039;s just in your saliva forever."
"It controlled the numbness and worked well for a long time. I developed a problem consisting of no appetite and constant nausea, especially an upset stomach after taking my evening dose. I switched to Lyrica and my problems went away."
"I have tried Synthroid 150mcg, felt sick and muscle pain for 4-5 years until I tried Nature-Throid.  I am living a totally different life since Nature-Throid."
"I have been on this medication for about 4 years due to Ankylosing spondylitis and I find it pretty effective.  However, I have found that this medication caused unexpected side effects.  It was pointed out to me that shortly after taking a dose, I undertake massive projects that I normally wouldn&#039;t, become extremely talkative, insomnia and motivation that wasn&#039;t there originally.  I was diagnosed as being bipolar a year ago and these are all symptoms of the &quot;hypermania&quot; aspect of Bipolar disorder.  My doctor has found that Ultram put me in a &quot;manic state&quot; and when the medication begins to wear off I tend to become anxious and agitated.  There are studies reflecting this online. I would not recommend this medication if you are bipolar."
"I&#039;m a teacher in Japan and caught the flu from my students. I have never felt more sick in my whole life - pounding head, nausea, chills, muscle aches and weakness. Every step was agony, to the point where I was crying like a baby. The doctor gave me Tamiflu and also something to bring down the temperature. Within a few hours of taking the initial dose, the most severe of the symptoms had disappeared. It&#039;s day three and now it just feels like I have a bad cold. I didn&#039;t get nausea like some other people, and my first dose was on an empty stomach. Everyone must be different. For those worried about nausea, my suggestion is asking the doctor to give you an anti-nausea medication to take with the Tamiflu."
"Took Sudafed today and decided to try Mucinex D tonight for the congestion medicine in it.  My sinuses are feeling less pressure but it&#039;s 2:00 am and I haven&#039;t slept a wink and the way my heart is racing I doubt I will.  This should definitely be a daytime only medication."
"I was put on this bc to prevent pregnancy. I guess I should preface this review by saying I was off hormonal bc for almost 4 years, so my reaction could have been, in part, due to that fact. I was only able to take this bc for 4 days. The first thing I noticed was the nausea, and the ill feeling I had throughout the whole day. I couldn&#039;t eat, my appetite decreased a lot. It made my anxiety 3x worse, and it also made me depressed to the point where it was getting crippling, and I couldn&#039;t go through the day without feeling like I needed to cry, at the most random times. I read some people saying they had a feeling of dread while taking this bc. I had that too. I had the worst insomnia I&#039;ve had in my life. worst bc I&#039;ve ever taken!"
"Rash, goosebumps even when hot, odd blood pressure swings, scalp tingling and other problems.  Was taken off it fairly quickly."
"My first was fine no problems at all. My second implant well  day to day headaches, feeling low and put on 2 stone in 9 months. No energy, bleeding every 2 weeks was not what I wanted. I&#039;d rather have my tubes tied... please be aware not all implants are the same. You may have a good 3 years but the next one could be horrible"
"I am 29 female. I was put on this drug 150mg for a year and within that year I have put on 4 stone and my cholesterol is really high. I am fed up with the weight gain and feeling tired all the time my physciatrist is eventually taking me off this and wants to try venlafaxine I dont know if that will help with my depression but I will give it a go I also take 45mg mirtazapine at night which also helps me sleep. I feel like I have no motivation to do anything. I also have started to cutt out foods to help me loose weight. I feel like all I do is sleep and feel in a fog with twitches and no energy."
"I am 40 years old, have never had any kids and have had Mirena for 10 months now. Insertion was uncomfortable but not painful.  Cramping after wards was only slightly more than past period cramping.  Periods are now light spotting but almost non-existent. I was a moody person before but do not feel as if I am even more so now.  I did not experience the acne and lost my job last year so contributed to the weight gain since not being as active. I wanted to try this birth control since I am an on/off again smoker and do not plan to have any children. I would recommend it to women to try and see how their body reacts to it. Other reviews helpful especially the ultrasound tip before re-insertion."
"I have taken lamotrigine for about 5 weeks.  I tapered from nefazodone to lamotrigine over the course of 3 weeks.  I am currently at 100 mg of lamotrigine.  I was feeling better than I have ever felt in my entire life for about 2 weeks, now I am back to where I was before.  No, I was not feeling manic during those 2 weeks but I felt that my anxiety had been greatly reduced and I had a true appreciation for life.  I feel a bit cheated that I got to feel normal for once in my life and then poof it is gone.  I kind of knew that it  was too good to be true or to last.  Oh well"
"My PM doc ran me through the gamut of long acting pain killers before settling on OxyContin.  When I started seeing this PM doc I had been taking 15 mg oxycodone (IR)  6 times a day and he told me we needed to get me on a long acting medicine. We tried Exalgo, Opana, Avinza, Nucynta, and Exalgo again. They all seemed to provide adequate pain relief, just not for the amount of time they claim to.  Back to old faithful.  OxyContin /oxycodone hasn&#039;t failed. me yet."
"My urine flow improved within just a few hours after the first dose.  However, although I have somewhat of a climax during sex, there is no ejaculation, just totally dry, a weird feeling.  Also, after a couple of days I noticed nasal congestion.

This is my first medication for BPH, so I must decide if the treatment is worse than the cure.  One thing for sure, this could be the first real male contraceptive to hit the market!"
"Mood swings 8-10x @day very bad to to the point checking out hit me 4-5 x @ day.NO THANKS keep it nucynta def not for me.?"
"Started phen mid May 2015 I lost 51 pounds as of October 29 2015 185 only 50lbs. and I will be at my goal . I would recommend this for anyone having trouble lossing weight on their own. Yes you will get dry mouth I always bring a bottle of water with me and it helps . I have lost my taste for most carbs and my appetite has shrunk. I look forward to doctors appointments the more I loss the lower my blood pressure goes my other goal is to get off blood pressure meds. Go back to doctors 12/2015 I&#039;m hoping for big numbers.
I use discount card at Rite Aid and price goes from $40.00 a month to 25.80 a month."
"I have been using Levsin SL for many years for Crohns (severe spasms). It is very effective.  Two years ago I started having severe spasms and leg cramps due to some unknown disease that is effecting my legs. I have constant pain in my leg muscles and long bones.  I also have severe leg spasms/cramps at night. I discovered one night when having both colon and leg spasms that the Levsin SL stopped the leg muscle spasms.  I discussed with my doctor and I started using at night to treat my leg spasms.  The spasms are quite severe with a pain level of up to 9 out of 10.  Levsin is the only medication that I have found that is effective.  The half-life for me is around 2-2.5 hours."
"I have suffered with allergies and asthma all my life and have tried every eye drop on the market I was sick to death of having watery itchy red sore and uncomfortable eyes with conjunctivitis like discharge. I tried these drops and I swear they are incredible. It&#039;s been 2 days and my eyes feel brand new I&#039;m on a combination of flarex 0.1 a steroid drop for a couple of weeks, olapatadine twice a day and systane ultra every couple of hours as my eyes are very dry. AMAZING WORTH EVERY CENT"
"I got diagnosed with polycystic ovarian yndrome when I was 16. I&#039;m now 31. I&#039;ve been taking metformin 1000mg three times a day. I have lost 2 stones in 17 months. I still don&#039;t have a cycle &amp; still get unwanted hair I get lots of wind &amp; diarrhea when I&#039;ve eaten sugary food so if your taking metformin watch your sugar intake."
"The absolute worst experience with an antiemetic I have ever had. I literally panicked in the hospital to the point I almost pulled my iv out. Zofran stopped working for my hyperemesis gravidum...but I would rather live with nausea vomiting day in and out then feel the uncontrolled anxiety and restlessness I felt with compazine!"
"I have smoked since I was 15 years old and am now 51, and just decided it was time to quit. My first week on Chantix, while still allowed to smoke, I decided to cut way back, just to see if I could, and it was a piece of cake. From 20 - 30 cigs a day down to 3 or 4. My quit date was 11/11/13 and it&#039;s been 8 days and no smoking! It&#039;s a miracle pill, but you have to want to quit or nothing is going to work. I now find myself going 1/2 day without even thinking about smoking and when I do think about it, I&#039;m not even the slightest bit tempted to do it. I&#039;m done with that nasty habit. Good luck to you too!"
"It has made a great difference in my fibromyalgia. A lot less pain and it has given me more energy. I have been able to do things I thought I would never do again."
"Very good so far. Not nearly as sedating as Seroquel. Maybe a little more hungry, but also much more active, cycling, long walks etc., which is good."
"I started taking Cymbalta one month ago and saw positive results almost immediately. I was injured in a rear end collision 18 years ago"
"Fine...a bit of nausea and headache to start im on the lowest dose. nothing else. made my bp optimal."
"I lost 110lbs in 2004 but regained a bit. Been at same weight for almost six years now.  I take Phentermine 37.5mg/day since 2004. In 2010 my doctor suggested we add Topamax to my daily dose of Phentermine. No weight loss and my hair began to fall out.  He had equally poor results with other patients. On 10/8 I was put on Belviq 10mg/day for 15 days ($0) before increasing dose to 20mg/day ($159).  10/8-10/17 no weight loss...thought I was a non responder but I wanted to stick it out for the 12 week trial. 10/17-11/7 down 4lbs. I feel GREAT and I changed nothing in my diet or exercise routine. 12/9 visit, down 10lbs. No wonder my doc was so excited to start using this. Thank you Belviq!"
"Takes away the pain now and back 10 yrs ago."
"The condom broke the day before I was supposed to start my period and I took Plan B One-Step an hour after the &#039;accident&#039;.  I was very tired and sick to my stomach but after a good nights rest (10hours, which is unusually long for me) I felt much better, the cramps felt like I was being ripped in two and were so bad they caused diarrhea.  Then 5 days after taking the pill I started my period, I have never been so glad to bleed so much.  I bled for 5days and it was pretty heavy.  It worked great."
"I had my Skyla inserted today and had a GREAT experience!! I am a virgin and no kids...seriously had zero pain having this put in. I did insert a cytotec vaginally before my appointment, and I took 800mg of ibuprofen 45 minutes before. I think the key is making sure you have a doctor you trust insert it, I work with my doctor and I have seen her insert many IUDs and she always does a fantastic job so that&#039;s why I chose her and I&#039;m so glad I did. Right now (3 hours after insertion) I&#039;m lying on the couch with a heating pad and minor cramping. Just feels like I&#039;m about to start my period. I can&#039;t wait to see how this does for me."
"I used this product every time I get a yeast infection and it works very well for me. I&#039;ve never had burning from it but I would prefer the pill better because the creams does run down if you don&#039;t sleep right after you use it."
"I noticed pain relief right away using this medicine, along with my other pain meds. A good medicine for inflammation."
"I LOVE LUPRON. I have stage 4 endometriosis and Lupron has been AWESOME. I have only had one side effect hot flashes, which I do not mind at all, they only come twice a day and last for up to 2 minutes. Hopefully me and my husband can have intercourse without pain. I&#039;m 23 years old."
"Amazing! I have been on Contrave for 5 weeks and have lost over 15lbs so far. I have no cravings, I dont feel hungry and all side effects have gone away. I have two other conditions that have always prevented me from losing any weight through diet and exercise alone. Losing 3 lbs a week for me is like 10-15 lbs per week for some people. I hope more people struggling with weight loss and obesity try Contrave, I am on my way to being a healthy weight and my mood and energy have been great!"
"I love this birth control! I&#039;ve been on it for 2 years haven&#039;t a had an issue. I put it on my pelvis and switch sides every week. If I put it anywhere else, my pants would rub it off, or my shirt or bra strap would. Mild skin irritation occurs, besides that, I highly recommend it."
"I have had FMS for 4 years but was not officially diagnosed until 1 year ago.  Since that time I have taken several  medications. My Doctor and I are trying to find which drug or combination of drugs will help.  I took Lyrica for 5 months and had some serious side effects, 40lbs weight gain, swelling in my hands, feet and ankles, blurred vision. I was not pain free and the cost per month was half of my rent."
"This medication was very effective at reducing my muscle spasms and relieving my pain.  However it made me VERY drowsy and also constipated, so I suggest this mediation only if your muscle spasms are severe and you are using it on a short term basis."
"Aleve worked great for my big toe gout. The trick is in the right dose for your situation. Woke up at 2am with burning pain in my big toe. Took 550mg of Aleve and was back to sleep in about 1 hour. Went to 220mg 3x day and feel 95% better. Keep it on hand. You won&#039;t be sorry. Oh! And no side effects."
"I absolutely love Nexplanon. After just two months on it, I stopped having my period and haven&#039;t noticed any changes with my body. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, no cramping, and no worries about taking a pill at the same time everyday! I think it worked so well because I was on the pill for 3 years prior so my body is used to hormones and regular cycles. Not that the pill was terrible but I am never going back!"
"So far so good. It has been about three weeks. Only real symptoms have been a decrease libido and weight loss (I&#039;ve been eating the same amounts/foods and haven&#039;t increased exercise but have lost 2-3 pounds)"
"It works! Took it like 20 mins after we had unprotected sex. I was so worried I cried and prayed. 12 days after I got my period I was so relieved.Trust me it works. They say that it doesn&#039;t work for overweight people but it does I&#039;m 195lbs."
"I&#039;m happy to see that this drug has worked for some but it certainly did not work right for me.  After the initial days getting it into my system I started crying for no reason multiple times a day.  I figured I was just getting used to it and stuck with it through the dosage increase. The following day I basically cried all day and had suicidal thoughts that I just could not seem to get out of my head.  My Dr had me stop taking it immediately and we performed a genomind DNA test to see which drugs would work for me. Vrylar showed up on the &quot;High Risk&quot; list along with a number of other anti-psychotics.  Unfortunately my list of treatment options for Bipolar I is not very long."
"I started out being prescribed lorazapam for anxiety. Which works wonders for me. I also have chronic nausea with unknown cause and I noticed that when I feel really nauseated whether its from anxiety or some other reason it completly takes it away! It is truly a miracle medicine for me. Only down fall is it can be addictive and if I  take it daily on a consistent basis. I did notice when I don&#039;t take it I get shaky all through my body which is not a nice feeling at all and my head gets dizzy and just a weird feeling. I would definitely recommend lorazapam to anyone who suffers from anxiety, nervousness or nausea. It is wonderful!"
"This pill caused hair loss and fatigue. I noticed the side effects by the middle of week one. By the end of week 2 you could see patches of missing hair. I stopped using it at the end of week 2."
"Depression got worse..I gained 16 pounds in less than three months and I had very elevated liver enzymes..please be careful with this medication"
"This is my second review, last time I commented I was at 205 LBS and 11 LBS lost in two weeks.  At third weigh in on 2/22/14 I lost another 4 LBS and now weight 201lbs.  I went from 216 to 201 in 3 weeks.  I would say yes, phentermine definitely works to curb my appetite.  My next weigh in is March 1, 2014.  I hope to be under 200 (fingers crossed).  I don&#039;t want to get my hopes up since I&#039;ve already lost &quot;a lot&quot; for the first month according to my Doc."
".05 mg of clonazepam is not very much at all, and it kicks in slowly. The stuff is pretty harmless.  It&#039;s a  pharmacokinetically safe drug, but it will eliminate 100% inhibition, so if you&#039;re prone to violence stay away. It doesn&#039;t even compare to Alprazolam."
"Began taking this a month ago for heavy periods and cysts. Not sure if I want to start the second pack after having an ocular migraine for 4 days. I take this like clockwork every night. Haven&#039;t had a period yet, no other side effects. Not sure if it&#039;s worth it, migraine or massive heavy periods? I&#039;d almost rather have to wear 2 pads than be out for 4 plus days and counting with this migraine."
"I was prescribed Sprintec because of longer than usual periods- I had three that lasted up to 11 days each. I started Sprintec 24 days ago, on the day my period started, and it hasn&#039;t ended yet. I&#039;ve never missed a pill. I didn&#039;t get acne or nausea or mood swings or weight gain, but a 24 day long period (and counting) is definitely not what I signed up for. I&#039;m going back to my doctor to switch off it immediately."
"For years I felt depressed and shy and had anxiety but was too young to understand and definitely too shy to say anything . As I got older I decided to talk to my doctor on how I was feeling . After a few years on and off of anti depressants feeling so sick I couldn&#039;t take them anymore. And now I&#039;m 21 I have been on Paxil for about  6 months. The first month was really hard because I felt so nauseous and shaky and heart kept racing and was extremely tired . But I fought through it all . And today for the first time I feel alive , happy , loved and most importantly I feel like myself and how I should have felt along time ago. Please do not drink on this medication or any other anti depressants. It will definitely slow the process down ."
"I started Tazorac on February 17, 2017. I had bad acne on my cheeks, and tiny bumps on my forehead. 4 weeks into Tazorac yes it did get worse. I didn&#039;t want to go to school or even go out with friends and family ! So, I went back to my dermo and he told me to keep my head up and that Tazorac was purging my skin and bringing everything to the surface. Slowly but surely, MY FACE LOOKS AMAZING !! It&#039;s May 13, 2017 and I barely have anything on my face and it&#039;s as smooth as a baby&#039;s bottom. If you&#039;re going through the purging stage I know what you are going through but I promise to stick with it and just know that the Tazorac is getting all the gunk out of your skin !! stay positive, drink water, use tazorac !!"
"7 months in severe hand pain wakes me up at night. Hands weakening grip ibuprofen doesn&#039;t help using phone and computer mouse horrible. Just switched to Aromasin."
"I am writing this for girls who have Crohn&#039;s disease and a low immune system due to the medications for Crohn&#039;s. I was on a very low dose birth control and it simply was not for me! I became very depressed, I bled during sex as well as experienced a lot of discomfort and had spotting for the entire 8 months I was on it. I got the Paragaurd inserted  two months ago. I really have to say I love it and I am glad I made the decision to get one !
I only had periods that lasted 3 days with no cramps and so far I have only experienced cramps one week before and after my period and have not required any ibeprofen. If you think you are a good candidate try it out. It&#039;s been great"
"I have had great success taking Ultram ER 100mg once a day and 300mg gabapentin 3 x day. They seem to cancel each other&#039;s side effects out. "
"This medication is the only one out of so many that have been prescribed over all the years that I have suffered with my condition.  (Severe degenerative bone disease, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis, etc.) The negative effect I experience is constipation for which I use Benefiber."
"When administered properly by the Detox/Rehab program and taken right by the patient this drug is a God send. I was addicted to I.V. use of Morphine and its varieties such as Dilaudid. I have been clean for 3 years now and methadone has done wonders for me. I was at my peak on 120mg daily and now after several months of monitored decreases I am down to 9 mg daily and feel great. On the other side though, there are also a large number of people in the program who, while they can&#039;t get the high from morphine, replace it with cocaine. This is a common practice and the cause of many deaths. The use of methadone as a cessation aid is a two way street. There has to be equal work done by the client and the program."
"I ended up having a very bad experience with Viibyrd, due to its drug interactions with Xanax I&#039;m taking for anxiety. The first month was wonderful though. After the first dose, I felt amazing; I felt calm, content, and had energy to get through my day. It did give me nausea sometimes, so I had to make sure I ate a big breakfast to avoid that.

Things started to get bad during the second month. My mood wasn&#039;t as amazing as before &amp; some suicidal thoughts came back. Then, I began experiencing hallucinations&mdash; visual, closed-eyed, even musical. It was pretty horrifying and made my depression and anxiety TREMENDOUSLY worse altogether. My doc immediately took me off Viibyrd &amp; switched to Celexa. 

Viibryd co-pay was also very expensive."
"The side effects of this drug were so harsh I didn&#039;t stick around for its alleged benefits, i.e. seizure prevention. "
"I have been on Lyza for about 7 months now and I hate it. I literally am bleeding most of the month, and it&#039;s definitely not a normal period. I called my provider and they said it takes about 6 months for it to get regular again but I don&#039;t see that happening. My mood swings are horrible and I feel really anxious and depressed. Do not recommend this to anyone!"
"Not good at all. I just started my 3 pack and I&#039;m taking myself off of it. Experience has been horrible. I&#039;ve had unbelievable mood swings since the start. Major breast tenderness, my PMS starts about 2 weeks early. Lots of chin acne. Nausea every single night. Slight weight gain. But my worst side effect is my hair started falling out. Literally in clumps. I have very very thick hair and it&#039;s noticeably thinner. My mother noticed just by looking at my hair line and my hairdresser also confirmed it was significantly thinner. Unfortunately I have to be on a birth control otherwise I have to many issues without it, however I&#039;ve taken myself off of this and thrown away my last pack. I know pills work different for everyone but I would not reco"
"I have been on birth control pills for about 10 years now, and I REALLY don&#039;t like this one. I switched from Lomedia 24 because I wasn&#039;t getting periods, which made me a little nervous. I have been on this pill for 4 months now and I consistently get my period on the 9th day of the pack and it lasts between 5-7 days, which is really long for an oral contraceptive. I normally have nice skin and it has gone completely to hell - pimples and cystic acne on the lower half of my face. I also experienced a serious increase in appetite, which I have never experienced on a pill. I gave this pill a fair chance, but I&#039;m getting back on my old pill next month. I gave this a 3/10 because I haven&#039;t gotten  pregnant."
"I first tried Paxil in 2003, after trying everything and I do mean every antidepressant on the market. I couldn&#039;t believe in less than a week I was already feeling relief. My mistake: I kept going on and off of it. It eventually stopped helping. So for 3 years I went on Celexa, which helped less than Paxil but more than others. Recently I began getting severe generalized anxiety dsorder along with my Depression. I finally decided to give the Paxil a try again since so much time had lapsed since I&#039;d been on it. Well...it worked again. Feeling better than I have in a long time. Message: Everybody is different so Paxil won&#039;t work for all. But if it does you..STAY ON IT. Don&#039;t try the on and off thing. Good Luck!"
"At first, the acne went away and I was super excited, but then after the first week I began to grow huge acne all over my chin and jaw. I am taking two pills a day and the side effects are bad but I am willing to stick it out because in the end it should hopefully work. Its only on area where I get the pimples so I guess we will see how the next weeks go."
"In the fourth month of using the patch, and my first time on hormonal birth control. I&#039;m mid 40s, never smoked, slightly high blood pressure but my doctor didn&#039;t think it would cause further elevation. I really like it. It&#039;s not as cheap as a generic pill, but wonderful not to worry about missing a dose. The patch sticks on fine, and adhered again well if caught on a slipped bra strap when I wore on my outer arm. I&#039;m now wearing on my butt and it&#039;s fine. It will leave a mark that doesn&#039;t easily come off for days and is prone to picking up lint on the sides, but I am okay with that. No weight gain, moodiness or other issues. May have had a pimple or two in the first months, short nausea with the very first application, and heavier periods with additional but slight cramping. My sex drive dropped for a time but has returned to normal and I have no problems there. I think I feel a bit low emotionally the week it&#039;s off. Overall, no concerns I can&#039;t live with, and I love the easy protection and confidence of seeing it on."
"Taking this as prescribed from my dr to help with PCOS. Instructions state to start on day 1 of period or Sunday start. Because my period started after Sunday, I opted for day 1 start. Well I&rsquo;m into the reminder pills and still bleeding. Not spotting - bleeding, full on, need a tampon bleeding. And I&rsquo;m now starting to really feel the effects of the mood swings and almost depressive state. Anybody else have the constant bleeding?"
"Started strattera (atomoxetine) after trying concerta as doctor said the non-stimulant might suit me better than the stimulant medication. The side effects of this drug were not as bad as taking the stimulant but after being on it for over 3months, the only benefit i noticed was improved sleep. Sleep through for like 7 hours where as before was waking up several times throughout the night. Generally felt weird taking this drug and had increased anxiety. Can&#039;t say that it helped any of my ADHD symptoms, actually made them worse maybe partly due to increased anxiety therefore doctor has taken me off it."
"I was on 10 mg for seasonal affectional disorder. The medicine did a good job. I found that I could not have any caffeine while on this medicine. In March I was able to reduce to 5 mg in preparation of going off when the time changes (days are longer). I noticed I was having side effects just cutting down.  I was achy all over. After about 4 days I happen to have a green tea with ginseng. Within a half hour of drinking it, the achiness was gone. I tried reg coffee the next day. No achiness but had to watch jitters.  I don&#039;t know if this will help anyone else but it did me"
"I&#039;ve just had the copper coil fitted an hour ago. I thought I&#039;d share my experience as I read so many stories about the coil and the effects and it made me so nervous to go. 

I&#039;m 20 years old and haven&#039;t had any children (doctors mention it&#039;s less uncomfortable if you have had kids)  

Firstly, she clamped me open and measured me up (look up the process if you don&#039;t know what I&#039;m going on about) this was slightly uncomfortable, but very bearable. She then pinched on my cervix which wasn&#039;t painful at all. Then the coil was placed. The whole process took 6-7 minutes. It wasn&#039;t painful just slightly uncomfortable. But I&#039;m very satisfied and just suffering with a bit of cramping. But the paracetamol has sorted me out. Overall 10/10 experience!"
"Suffered migraines for many years getting them once a week or more, Doctor prescribed Imigran, at onset, not much use when you are sick with them, anyway, I was told I had hypertension, prescribed Amlodpine, 5 MG initially and then 10MG! Almost immediately the migraine were gone, I changed blood pressure medication once on the advice of my Doctor, the migraines came back with two days, back on Amlodipine for me, no more migraine, I went to the pharmacist who explained why it works in this way, I would recommend. Miracle stuff."
"I&#039;m 19 and I have been taking Loestrin 24 for almost a month.  My periods used to be moderately heavy with a lot of cramping and would last at least 7 days.  I started my period on a Friday and started taking the pill on the next Sunday.  My period stopped before the end of the next day.  I have experienced a little nausea.  One day my stomach hurt so bad I thought I was going to puke.  It has also made me more depressed and moody.  Another complaint I have is the time between my periods.  It used to be so regular, 28 days every time.  I just started my period after only 24 days.  I am not happy about this at all, it ruined my vacation.  Other than this, no other side effects.  No acne, weight gain, or anything else I&#039;ve noticed."
"Was given an im injection in the buttocks for migraines and it was completely ineffective. The pain that the injection caused was infuriating considering there was absolutely no relief of the headache."
"Before taking this medication, I thought I&#039;d look up reviews to check for any side or long term effects caused by this medicine. I was terrified after reading so many bad reviews, but decided to take the medication regardless because I figured the medication would do me more good than harm. It&#039;s been about a year since I&#039;ve been on levothyroxine 50mg and I must admit - I had never felt better! I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism at 19 and started this medication quickly after. My levels are normal and I can definitely notice the significant change in my health and everyday life. I am back to being happy and enjoy going out, not like before. No more headaches or fatigue. Thank God for this awesome medication. I recommend it 100% of the way!"
"I was first prescribed a combination pill Amlodipine-Benazepril 10/20mg and after 29 days of taking it I suffered an allergic reaction called Angieodema (Face swelled up)  and it turns out I&#039;m allergic to Benazepril. I went 4 days with no medication and on the 4th day had a dizzy spell at work pressure was 150/118. Dr. called in a new prescription of just Amlodipine 10mg, it&#039;s only been 7 days so maybe it&#039;s not enough time. However my pressure spiked today to 154/120!!! I feel Great however, I don&#039;t have any muscle cramps. I did experience a rapid heart beat a few days ago. My concern is maybe the mg&#039;s are too low. Dr is saying to wait 2 weeks to get full effect of the pill. I will update in 2 weeks."
"My  16 year old dughter was prescribed this medicine and after two doses became exhausted. She could not remember anything she learned in school. Said it was effortful to walk, although she walked normally.  She described herself as feeling like she was in a dream state. I discontinued the drug and within 24 hours she felt normal."
"I had an on going vaginal yeast infection for about 6 weeks. I tried 7 day monistat and it provided a few days of relief and then it was right back and even worse. So I did another 7 day round and by day 3 it was burning so bad to use it so I just stopped. I gave in and went to the Dr and he prescribed diflucan one dose and I took that, had no relief until he 3rd night. Felt totally normal for almost 48 hours and then the symptoms came right back and are even worse now. Hoping that even though it&#039;s my 5th day into treatment that it will be gone by day 7. Maybe I will just need another dose but as of right now I&#039;m not happy with diflucan."
"Not a good fit for me. Did not alleviate my symptoms and increased thoughts of death and feeling of hopelessness. Also experienced chronic urinary tract infections."
"I had a foot fracture 10 months ago and had my screw removed three months ago. I cannot take oral NSAIDS because of a stomach problem. I was taking lortab every day, one or two, in the later part of the day to make it through. I used one inch of Votaren Gel where I have the residual arthritis and covered it and taped it. After two hours I went for a walk and was able to walk farther in the same amount of time and without as bad of a limp. This morning my foot was tender. I don&#039;t think I will use it when my foot is really sore. I have learned to back off or pay for it the next day. There is always a trade off when I try to medicate this kind of pain."
"I have not had a period from the first shot. I had ZERO side effects and lost 5 lbs. I think it is an amazing product."
"Bonine is a miracle if you are bothered by motion sickness. I take a caffeine pill, with Bonine to combat drowsiness. The combination of the two, is a winner for me."
"I have Shift Work Disorder and SLE Lupus; this caused a Lupus flare up.  &quot;It woke up the monster!&quot;  Please have your doctors communicate amongst each other.  Nuvigil is a stimulant."
"Mirapex has worked like a miracle for me. I can go on long trips again without constant leg &quot;stretching/wiggling/massaging/exercising/deep-knee-bending&quot; to take away the terrible sensations in my legs!
I also do not &quot;twitch&quot; and &quot;kick&quot; in bed, like I used too."
"I started Saxenda in April 2016.  I immediately noticed that I had no craving for food.  I felt full quicker and ate less.  Total weight loss 36 pounds.  I was paying out of pocket and stopped after 5 months.  While taking it I felt great, with relief from other physical issues I had. Within 2 weeks of stopping Saxenda my appetite was returning and the food cravings were back.   I am aware of the fact that I have to manage my diet.  This is a great drug, but unless it can be taken on a regular basis, it&#039;s temporary.  Since stopping I am up 4 pounds."
"I had been a smoker since I was 12 years old (serious smoker by age 16). I really enjoyed smoking and I never thought I would be able to quit. I had tried Nicorette, quitting cold turkey, Zyban and laser therapy - nothing worked. I always ended up going back.  I tried Chantix, and within 4 to 5 days noticed that I didn&#039;t have the craving any longer, and was forgetting to smoke. I have not smoked in 10 months - not even one cheat! I did visit with my doctor after a month, because I was worried about the side effects of depression. I stayed on the medication for 3 full months. By week 6, I cut the dosage in half, as I was having trouble with insomnia, &amp; weened myself off the dosage at the end. The dreams are entertaining, the gas can be bad."
"I am a 29 year old female who has suffered from severe acne vulgaris all my life and was recently diagnosed. I used everything known to man and when I finally saw a dermatologist he prescribed me this as well as a face wash.  The first two weeks I had experienced redness, peeling, pain, hot to touch skin (I used cocoa butter to soothe it) just as the doctor said I would but later into the 3rd and 4th week and even now my skin is extremely clear and almost flawless. The difference expedited the shedding of my skin and caused the old dead scarred skin to peel off revealing new soft youthful and un-scarred skin. My skin is very beautiful now and I will continue to use this medicine until my acne subsides. Great product."
"On the twice a day for 7 days, by the end of the second day I got a horrible headache while working out at the gym. I rarely get headaches so I attribute it to the med. I also have loss of appetite and periodic Nausea. The worst is this damn headache that I have had since last night and is still lingering tonight. Hopefully it will go away tomorrow but I cannot wait until I complete the dosage. I&#039;m not gonna quit early bc I don&#039;t want to have to take this again."
"Had unprotected sex, took the pill within 1hour and I didn&#039;t feel anything for about a week. We both got scared, he told me to take a pregnancy test, it came out negative of course. Then I got my period a week later from taking the pill and a week from I was supposed to get my period (it comes like clock work)."
"I am thrilled with Apri! I decided to try birth control again because of terrible pelvic pain probably due to my polycystic ovarian syndrome. Since starting Apri the pain is gone, completely! I was to the point where I was going to opt for laparoscopy just to find a reason and hopefully a cure for the pain but my doctor convinced me to give this a try and I&#039;m glad I did!

Another bonus is that it helps with my depression and daily fatigue which was something I wasn&#039;t expecting. Add in the fact that I can take the active pills for multiple months straight means I&#039;m feeling a thousand times more energetic than I did before Apri. But when I do switch to the white placebo pills I feel awful again for that week. Light periods too! Works for me."
"I took 10mg Belsomra for a few days and quit because it made me feel drugged and very sensitive to light. Besides that it never worked to make me fall asleep.

Also, after about 20 minutes of taking it I got a panic sensation and increased heart rate that lasted about 1-2 minutes.

Belsomra is a joke. 

I went back to Ambien. At least it works and it doesn&#039;t give me side effects."
"I had Implanon inserted May 2013 and still have it in now (January 2015). There have been positives and negatives. Positives; I have not had a period since the insertion, I did not get pregnant, my arm was bruised for a day. Negatives; I have NO sex drive, have gained 35 pounds (rapidly) since the implant, I have slight mood swings and have been short tempered since starting this birth control method.  I have been on a strict diet for the last six months to lose weight and can not shed a pound. My Implanon days are numbered."
"I have been on Saxenda for just over 3 weeks and I have lost roughly 13lbs. I had some nausea with the first 2 doses but have been fine since. Only downside I will say is constipation. My &quot;normal&quot; cycle was never normal persay but it&#039;s been so much worse on this medication. It won&#039;t stop me from taking the medication though. I just have to figure out a way to get it under control. I have absolutely no appetite which is good and bad. Good because I won&#039;t overeat but bad because I don&#039;t eat and when I try to eat anything I feel nauseous. Either way though, I&#039;m happy with the medication."
"Honestly, I hate to write these reviews because I feel like they can scare people; however, I have been on Seasonique for 2 months now and have had some weird side effects. I was on Yasmin for a year and had no side effects from the beginning. When I switched to Seasonique, I experienced some nausea which was normal. Then I started breaking out really bad, which for me was never an issue before and I&#039;m 21 years old. The part that really concerns me is that I&#039;ve had a heavy period for 3 weeks that started while going into the second month. My normal periods are light and 4 days. It has also been accompanied by severe headaches. On the upside, I did not gain weight and I am not pregnant. "
"I&#039;ve had insomnia since my back surgery 2 years ago and tried several sleeping pills like Ambien and Lunesta. Edluar 10mg is the only one that works for me. I take it every night as long as I live."
"Garbage.  I didn&#039;t lose a pound.  I followed the program and it did nothing except cost me 150.00 in pills.  What a joke!"
"Been on it for a week now and lost 8 pounds already, only thing is I think my body is getting use to the pill because the first three days It was hard to eat and now I&#039;m starting to crave food again."
"Today marks 6 months with my Liletta IUD...which I love. Insertion was painful, as expected, but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. Cramping and spotting lasted a few days after...and for the first 4 months I spotted lightly for 8-10 days, always 28 days apart...so I tracked those times as my period. Very minimal cramping aside from  the early cramps due to insertion.  Didn&#039;t take long for the strings to soften and curl up so my partner could not feel them during intercourse. My side effects do include weight gain and a struggle to lose it despite consistent exercise and healthy eating, and dry skin, and bloating/constipation."
"I started taking Adipex-P 37.5 mg on July 17, 2010 at 252 lbs. It increased my energy level and suppressed my appetite a great deal. I did experience dry mouth at first but it subsided in a few days.  At a weigh in with my wonderful doctor on August 5, 2010 I lost 11 lbs.  My doctor started me with taking the medication for 2 months and then one month off until January 2012 and I now take the medication for 1 month and I&#039;m off of it for 2 months.  I am hungrier when I&#039;m off the medication but I have learned what portion sizes and types of foods to eat and have done pretty well maintaining.  You have to have determination and willpower for the rest of your life.  By the way, it&#039;s now April 7, 2012 and I weigh 148 lbs.  I have lost 104 lbs."
"Three days after receiving my first Prolia injection I developed a cough, which turned into bronchitis &amp; was treated with antibiotics - bad luck, a coincident I thought. A month later my life change with severe bone pain in my right jaw, I had lock jaw 5 times. Pain in my right shoulder, ribs, my neck was so stiff, but worse was my lack of immobility, my morning walk to the bathroom was just like watching Frankenstein walk, I couldn&#039;t move any faster because of the pain. Getting on the toilet one off the toilet was a major event. Turning in bed was excruciating and sometimes impossible, this lasted the whole of the summer 2015, which eventually tampered off to where I am today. Worst experience of my life. No more Prolia for me."
"My pharmacy switched me to Gianvi a little over a year ago from Yaz. I had no negative side effects on Yaz (it was also the first birth control I&#039;ve ever taken). Since switching to Gianvi, I get severe headaches that lasts 1-2 days a week before my period starts, which force me to sleep in bed all day. My periods also start early, late, and trail on for a few days after they&#039;re usually supposed to end. My acne cleared up at first, but recently it&#039;s only my acne medication, Benza-Clin, that clears up my face. (Yaz did the opposite of everything Gianvi does, despite it being the &quot;generic&quot; equivalent). I&#039;m switching to a new birth control this week. I&#039;m going to try Beyaz."
"Product works for me, was very dubious but decided to try it as a last ditch attempt before an FUE hair transplant.
Don&#039;t need a transplant now I am thrilled to say! New fine hairs started to grow after five weeks and didn&#039;t notice any shedding at all. Best to keep track with a shaving mirror. Now at three months and my old hairline is returning which is almost beyond belief! My only fear is that this progress will slow but I am keeping fingers crossed, things are looking good and the fine hairs are thickening and darkening."
"This little pill caused me to have worsening suicidal thoughts.  I was on edge and crying daily. This was only being on it for 3 weeks.  I do have to say it did help with fibro pain but made depression unbearable."
"First night is the worst, I felt like there was a million fire ants down there and I literally wanted to get a spoon and try and get it out, but helped reading other people&#039;s comments and laughing so hard i forgot the burning temporarily. Second and third night it gets way better, I barely felt anything at all so don&#039;t give up on the first night it&#039;s worth it trust me girls."
"Takes 4 hours to work and by then you need another dose. Since they took the other ingredient out, Benadryl and Wal-Dryl no longer work for me. Back to experimenting. No side affects, but not effective either."
"Alright ladies. I seriously suggest doing your research before using this product. My mother has used this product with no problems in the past, so when I got my first yeast infection this week, she had no reservations about getting this medication for me. Unfortunately I had to go to Urgent Care two days later, due to severe swelling and pain. The doctor knew immediately that I had taken Monistat and said that it is common that this product makes the infection much worse. So I guess if you feel like flipping a coin on whether or not you want a swollen vagina, by all means go ahead. Instead, I suggest you go to an Urgent Care center. The bill will not be ridiculous and the prescription cost me $8 at Walmart. Best of luck."
"Effective at stopping cough - gave me diarrhea."
"I took the liquid unison (50mg/30ml) at 6:45pm Then 7:45 pm came around so I took another dose It is now 7:52 pm I&#039;m in a lot of pain and can&#039;t even go to sleep!! I would NOT recommend this to anyone!! I&#039;m highly upset!"
"i recently went to see a doctor for weight loss! Before I even had a minute to fill out my paper on my history, he asks me what kind of pills I want? I was like (huh?), then he explained about adipex, when I say explained, all he said was take it once a day, diet , come see me in 30 days! I thought this was crazy, he told me to bring back my paper work Monday! ANYWAY, I took it as he prescribed one a day, for only two days and have to stop! I am a recovering alcoholic /addict, this crap gave me the exact same feeling as meth, in which I have not used in 15 years. I was high!! I cannot jeopardize my sobriety so I guess I&#039;ll stay fat! But this doctor maybe should have took 5 minutes with me to explain or ask something about me!"
"I started taking Prozac on Tuesday. I was very hesitant at first. I guess that was based on what I heard about dependency. I was severely depressed after a emotionally abusive relationship ended. I also terminated my pregnancy (my choice) and on top of that I am the single mother of a smart, energtic 7 year old. I guess everything was weighing heavily on me all at once. I had turned to marijuana. I have a stressful job on top of everything else. My issues involved worrying excessively, overthinking every little thing, crying spells, sleeping on my days off. I stopped doing things I used to enjoy. Scary. I never had any suicidal thoughts. I&#039;m a few days in. Felt jittery one day but that&#039;s done. Definitely progressing. Miracle!!"
"I started taking contrave May 27th, I started at 217 lbs.. Three months later I&#039;m 185 lbs. It has helped me with my binge eating! I do excersise every day and I am more thoughtful of what I eat. You have do work too, you can&#039;t sit on your sofa and eat junk and still think Contrave will help. I&#039;m so glad I started taking Contrave! The side effects last about 2 weeks and they aren&#039;t so bad, I think most people are exaggerating about how bad the side effects are."
"This medicine did not make me sleepy at all. It made sexual urges come to the forefront so much that it affected my normal behavior. "
"Helped with some impulsive behaviors like fighting or just in general going off on people."
"I had my first panic attack in college and it changed my life forever.  I was initially put on Xanax to combat my anxiety, but it eventually took more and more doses to achieve the same affect.  Another doctor took me off of Xanax and put me on Klonopin, he explained that it is not as addictive and does not have the peaks and valleys that the prior drug has.  I would not get on highways, left hand turning lanes, big open spaces, or want to walk far away from my home.  Klonopin gave me my life back and allows me to function as normally as possible.  I still have some issues but for the most part I can lead a productive life.  I take 2 half milligrams a day and that works for me.  Thank goodness for the researchers that created Klonopin!"
"Started Cervidil around 9pm, around 4am contractions hit and I received my epidural. Everything went smooth son was delivered at 1:29 pm.  No issues with this induction!"
"Worked really well."
"After reading all the reviews I decided to try Prozac.  I am extremely sensitive to medications and have been on many different antidepressants, usually stopping due to side effects.  My Dr. gave me the liquid Prozac so I could take a tiny amount and work my way up.  Initially loss of appetite, nausea, slight dizziness, tiredness, weight loss.  I am 8 weeks out and most side effects have improved.  I feel so much better.  Anxiety is low to nonexistent, clear thinking, hope has returned. Still dealing with grief from my mother&#039;s death but I feel better equipped to handle it.  That is a miracle!  I take 2mg, yes 2mg, and when I go higher I can&#039;t tolerate the side effects. "
"I am a 20 year old male and have been on 10mg of Lexapro for about 2 months.  I was experiencing panic attacks (minor and major) at least once every day at it&#039;s worst and would have one driving or at the movies assuredly every time I went or drove.  I never have taken medication regularly in my life and am otherwise a healthy person.  After experiencing a traumatic event last year, I began having panic attacks.  In the last month I believe I have had two panic attacks.  This medicine has helped me substantially.  The first week is tough, I experienced a little nausea, headaches, and neck/back muscle tightening, but that went away fairly quickly.  Just stick with it!"
"Brilliant, the only thing that helps my anxiety and panic attacks.
"
"The first 6-8 months on this pill were not fun.  But if you talk to any doctor about this type of pill, they will all tell you the same thing: it can take up to a year for your body to adjust, and you MUST take it every day at the same time!!!  I spotted a lot during the first few months but after about 6-8 months, everything settled down.  I now get a period every 3 months, and it&#039;s very very light.  All those reviews that only know what it&#039;s like the first few weeks need to either remove their review or stick it out because I am very happy with this pill now that I&#039;ve been on it for over 2 years."
"Only helps slightly with my degenerative disease but works far better than Tylenol."
"My 10 year old son has taken Adderall XR for about 3 years now. This medication is amazing! Twenty years ago my oldest son was diagnosed with ADHD and I refused to medicate him because all of the children I knew that were medicated were &quot;zombies&quot;. This time when I had  a child with ADHD I decided it was not fair to not medicate him and am so glad I did. With Adderall, he is alert and well behaved (for the most part). He says he can focus instead of daydreaming all the time. Insomnia and loss of appetite are the only problematic side effects we have, but have been easily remedied with Pediasure and melatonin. I take him off medicines two weekends per month to be sure he&#039;s not getting dependent and he goes right back to his normal ADHD self."
"Day 1: HORRRIBLE HEADACHE!!! 
I&#039;m just wondering what this drug is doing to my brain for me to feel this bad. I felt messed up this morning. I&#039;m very disappointed because I had high hopes for weight loss. The side affects are just not worth it. $80 down the drain!"
"After two years of SEVERE PAIN in my stomach and esophagus, I finally decided to go to the doctor and get help. I thought all the pain was coming from an ulcer and after two years of pain, I found out that I did not have an ulcer (yet). The doctor prescribed me Protonix. In less than two days, all the pain and acids in my stomach stopped! I finally don&#039;t have acid reflux."
"Was prescribed 2 ciprofloxacin 500 per day for 10 days.medication started working after 6 day.never managed to fully cure the infection.but left me with pens and needles  sensation in my legs,lower abdomen and back"
"I had Implanon inserted in August 2010.  I&#039;ve been pretty impressed.  I was horrible at taking the pill (didn&#039;t always happen every day, much less at the same time) so just the fact that I don&#039;t have to remember anything for three is enough right there!  I usually have my period for a couple of days every other month; I usually don&#039;t know when it is coming which is annoying, but it&#039;s always light so not too much trouble.  I haven&#039;t had any weight gain but my breasts have gotten a bit smaller.  No unusual mood swings either.  I would recommend Implanon to anyone who wants a no-hassle birth-control method.  Oh, also, Implanon was only $45 for the copay and device."
"I suffer from migraines, high blood pressure headaches, nerve pain and occasional bouts of trigeminal neuralgia. Topamax is a god send, it stopped my headaches and trigeminal neuralgia after we had gone through every treatment and pill available with no result. I was close to suicide because of the amount of pain in my life when I tried topamax and it solved all of those issues. One thing I will say is that the side effect I got from it was pretty severe-I was unable to physically exert myself or else I would break out in cold sweats and feel very weak. I didn&#039;t realize it was the topamax for the longest time as it isn&#039;t listed as one of the major side effects, but I was so ill I wasn&#039;t exerting myself anyways."
"Had post herpectic trigeminal neuralgia (one of the worst cases in history according to my doctors). Began treatment with medications available in 1995, which almost destroyed my endocrine system.  I tried Neurontin when it came out and today find I can control what used to be chronic burning pain down the side of my face from my scalp to my upper teeth across my right eye with 600 mg of Neurontin taken before bed."
"It was inserted November 2014 so it&#039;s been a year and four months. I get my period twice a month every other month. I&#039;ll get it a 7 days, it&#039;ll stop for one week then come back for another week. The bleeding was terrible at first but its regular/light now. Before insertion I got it for 4 days every 28days. I&#039;m irritated and cry over everything. Sharp breast pains, terrible cramps, my hair is disgustingly oily now. I&#039;ve also gained 30lbs w/o changing my diet so I ate less and gained 10 more. I&#039;m getting it out Monday."
"Although I dread taking this medicine, I admit it does just what it&#039;s supposed to. I am on the 500mg twice a day for 7 days AND metronidazole gel twice a day for 5 days. I researched taking both at the same time (afraid of vomiting and diarrhea) but I&#039;ve been absolutely fine! The only reason I had a recurring case of BV is because of my LEEP procedure. The best way to take this medicine is with lots of water &amp; a solid meal! I&#039;ve incorporated probiotics such as Activia yogurt and a Lemon &amp; Ginger tea to avoid all nausea and relief with digestion. I snack throughout the day so I&#039;ve had no metallic taste. It&#039;s not as bad as some people make it out to be, but then again, everyone react to medication differently! Remember, no alcohol-PERIOD!!!"
"I had post nasal drip with a cough.  It helped with cough but the taste was so disgusting that I vomited!"
"I was on the ring for two and a half years. When I first started it, I loved it. No acne, no remembering to take it everyday, no worrying, no cramps, light periods.
Into my second year, my sex drive totally shriveled up. My vagina was drier than normal. I would be in the mood but my vagina never got the memo. 
I&#039;ve switched birth control to the pill now, and Its slowly coming back but barely. "
"I have now been on otezla for the magic 4 months the company says it takes to improve.  I am so much worse now.  My arthritis is so bad I can hardly use my hands they are so swollen and painful, most of my joints are swollen and painful, and my psoriasis has gotten worse.  I wish I had stayed on Enbrel, and as will be going back on it as soon as possible. I did not have any adverse side effects, it just wasn&#039;t effective for me."
"Getting it put in was not painful! Just uncomfortable... After the insertion the cramps were painful, but everyone is different.. Don&#039;t go by reviews, whether to get it or not. Most people only write reviews when they are hating something.  It is not as bad as everyone makes it seem. It is worth a try"
"This medicine has minimal side effects. It makes me less sad or reduces obsessive worry. It lowers my anxiety. It also helps with digestion regularity."
"I am on day 3 of zubsolv and I&#039;m still in precipitated withdrawal. I started on Sunday like the doctor told me too. I was on methadone for two years, my highest dose was 45mg. After doing the prove testing and telling them I wanted to switch to Suboxone because I know it works for me and it helped me get clean before, the doctor agreed to switch me, however my insurance doesn&#039;t cover suboxone because zubsolv won the bid for the insurance company. So with three days of taking this and basically being in withdrawal for the majority of those three days I can honestly say that I hate it. It wears off so fast, its like I&#039;m ok for a few hours, but about 4 hours after I take it I&#039;m in withdrawal. Its the worst withdrawal I&#039;ve ever had."
"I started taking this medicine about 5 months ago for Neuropathy. The pain has gone away completely. I went from not being able to sleep at night and constant numbness in my toes and aching in my joints to no pain at all. BUT I am 20 and am not always able to go to bed before 10 pm so many days I cant take it because it will cause me to be completely unaware and sleepy for the entire next day. Even when I take it before 10 pm some days I just can&#039;t function the next day and that is becoming so inhibiting to where I don&#039;t take it. I literally fall asleep while driving."
"I hesitated to try Chantix due to the side effects.  But I had some minor health scares and knew that my luck would run out soon.  I really didn&#039;t want to quit smoking.
I started Chantix 9 days ago.  I smoked my last (hopefully) cigarette 6 days ago.  I know it&#039;s very early in the quit process, I&#039;ve done this before years ago.
I&#039;ve had no adverse effects from Chantix.  Quitting has been one of the easiest things to do.  Yes, I still have the urge to smoke at times but it&#039;s more the habitual urge. The cravings have been less than mild.  
I plan on this being the last time I have to quit, Chantix has made this a breeze so far!!"
"United Health care does not cover this, as of March 10, 2016 :("
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for 15 days and it definitely curbs my appetite but issue is I have gained weight not lost. I eat maybe 1000-1200 in take a day."
"I&#039;ve had big problems with both depression and anxiety, and I&#039;ve tried most of the benzodiazepines that are available (Diazepam, Clonazepam, Flunitrazepam, Nitrazepam, Oxazepam, and so on), and also a couple of different antidepressants. SSRI&#039;s and Mirtazapine(brand name &quot;Remeron&quot;). And after trying all of these different medications, I didn&#039;t think I EVER could get rid of the depression and anxiety and live a normal life (which in turn made me even more depressed), but then in comes Xanax! And it didn&#039;t take long before I was almost entirely free from both the depression and the anxiety, which had had such a strong grip on my life for such a long time and almost ruined my life! I really feel like I owe my life to the wonderful Alprazolam!"
"Abilify works wonders, but it can have long term side effects.  Blood test are taken every 6 - 8 months to make sure everything is okay."
"I have started taking Adipex 5 days ago and I have lost eight pounds already. This is a wonderful drug. I have been on and off of it for years. You can lose weight very fast with this pill. It really works if you want to lose weight. You may experience dry mouth. You don&#039;t feel hungry, you have to make yourself eat. I haven&#039;t been doing any kind of workouts, but plan to start. I go back to my doctor 8-26-10. She said that I would have to lose 6 pound if I want to get more. I started out at 187 and now I am 179."
"I have had my tendon behind my knee cap replaced, the left side of my skull about half is a plate, Arthritis in both wrist, (not good as I was a professional Drummer) and Norco works. Now it doesn&#039;t take all of the pain away but, a good majority of it. "
"It completely cured my constant runny nose, and I feel great.  No side effects at all!  I use it two or three times a day as prescribed by my doctor."
"I was pregnant and had severe morning sickness. I was throwing 7-10 a day on a good day. With the Zofran I was down to once or maybe twice a day. I was able to eat and drink liquids again. The chalky flavor does get to you after an extended period of time."
"The side effects are devastating for me."
"Minimal side effects for me. I do not drink a lot of water before or after my injection. I do not take Ibuprofen. Injection site redness is my only side effect (does last for a month or more). Previously on Tecfidera, the twice a month shot is much easier to tolerate than a twice a day pill (extreme flushing on Tec.)."
"I started taking Cymbalta approx. 4 weeks ago.  Its a miracle far as I&#039;m concerned. I have low back pain, fibromyalgia and increasing anxiety disorder.  Within 4 days I felt immediate relief from pain all over. I haven&#039;t felt this good in years. I am also on Lyrica and am going to see if I can lower my dose or even discontinue it and see if I&#039;m still pain free. My anxiety is starting to lessen now as well. I don&#039;t have many side effects, mostly more tired so I will take it at night.  Definitely try it. It&#039;s worth it!"
"I experienced almost immediate relief from the spasm&#039;s I have in my neck.  What a relief.  I slept through the night for the first time in a very long time."
"It is wonderful. I only wish I knew about it sooner."
"My belief is baclofen is finally the cure for alcoholism.  My Dr. put me on Baclofen, 40 mg, then upped with 20 mg more if I needed.  I drink exactly 16 ozs. of Coors Lite daily, and no desire to drink more.  No cravings!  As a young man I used LSD for religious awareness.  Baclofen has the same effects as LSD as you are &quot;coming on&quot; to it.  Mild hallucinations, dryness of mouth, slight irritability, hyper hearing, smelling and thoughts.  Also weakness of muscles, and drowsiness.  I fight the drowsiness with caffeine.  I continue my normal activity regardless of weakness, leading to unusual muscle tone with everyday activity.  I am a 62 yr. old man with six-pack abs.  THANKS BAC AND MY DR.!!"
"I had commented before and I also wanted to say that I haven&#039;t experienced any mood swings and I STILL WANT TO HAVE SEX! The pill made me hate sex but my drive hasn&#039;t suffered a bit with the Nuvaring. I love it and HIGHLY recommend it."
"I was on the shot for about 3yrs but decided to change to a birth control, and my Doctor recommended Tri-Nessa since I had mild acne. So I started taking it and I have to say I love it. My period comes at the same time every month, no pregnancy scares and I often have sex unprotected. My acne cleared up. The only side effect I had in the beginning was tender breast, and being a little emotional. After it went away. I take the pill at the same time every day. So I highly recommend to everyone."
"When I first got on this pill, it was so great because I hardly had any side effects. Then...I started having them. My boobs hurt and I got cramps. I definitely also noticed increased appetite. However, it completely took away my periods which I LOVE! And now I&#039;m in month two and my stomach and boobs only hurt occasionally. I&#039;m hoping it will get even better from here but I really like this pill as a BC."
"Althought I expereinced side effects such as excessive sweating, delayed ejaculation (very delayed) improving my anxiety/restless legs syndrome is worth any problems I encountered. I am now anxiety free and this medication saved my life. Make sure you increase your dose slowly and remember to wean off the medication little by little. Good luck everyone, JUST KNOW whatever you are felling will NOT last forever. Depression and Anxiety are simply a disease no different than heart disease or diabetes. Find a medication that works and get better, there is light at the end of the tunnel."
"hi guys, so I had sex May 5th around 1:00am( unprotected) and he used the pull out method, guys its really dumb and the stress isn&#039;t worth it-  use protection, precum can get you pregnant! I freaked out because I realized I was ovulating, and bought plan b about 15 hours later. I was in a rush and took it with soda (it doesn&#039;t effect it) I got my period right on time, but those 6 days were torture, use protection to save sleepless nights, don&#039;t over research because you will convince yourself you&#039;re pregnant, it works guys"
"Does not work"
"I&#039;m on day 7 of chantix and I have to say, I feel great!  Energetic, positive. I&#039;m very sensitive to medication and was a little weary, still am. I make sure to take on full stomach and a full glass of water. Not a single side effect. After 3 days, I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;d go several hrs and not smoke, which never happens with me. I smoke at least a pack a day. I find that I have to remind myself to smoke or when I see someone smoking, I think, oh yea, have a cigarette. The cravings are all but gone. It&#039;s simply habit now. They even taste bad. I&#039;ve decided to make my quit day after the dosage doubles. Just to be sure. I don&#039;t see it being a problem. Highly recommend. Also, the website has a &#039;co-pay&#039; system to help with the cost."
"Saphris is the best bi-polar medication I have taken. I sleep the best I ever had on Saphris and do not experience manic out bursts. Other bi-polar medications made me gain weight. On other medications I have gained 30 lbs in a short time frame. On Saphris, I haven&#039;t gained any weight and weigh a few pounds less than I did before I started to take Saphris."
"I used Natazia for 2 years.  I was with my boyfriend when I decided to use it.  He noticed my moods improve and more stable PMS.  Only got period 2 days, when I was used to get it for a week.. really light.  I was less anxious, and didn&#039;t gain much weight.  I actually lost weight on the pill with an exercise schedule.  Breast enlargement was extreme.  I went from a 34C to a 32DD --not right away, but within the 2 years.  The enlargement was unbearable.

I&#039;ve been off of it for a month and I got my period back in 31 days.  Everything went back to the way it was before, weight still staying off so far."
"Drink alot in the hours before. I drank coconut water (vita coco) and plain water. Refrigerate the 2 bottles. Slice a fresh lemon. When its time mix cold water with prep to line on cup. I couldnt find a wide straw so I used three straws and drank 1/4 bit a lemon and went right in for the next repeated til prep was done. Lemon helped in removing taste of med. When finished grabbed my 32 oz of bottled water and stsrted drinking and Walked around the house while doing so. 6minutes after the water it was doing its job I drank a gatorade while in process to combat dehydration. Lasted about 3 hours. Morning dose did the same. Suprep does what its suppose to. ... Make the bathroom comfy you will not want to leave it while doing this..."
"I currently take a combination of Ultram(Tramadol) and Cymbalta and feel better than I have in years!"
"I was perscribed Levaquin for bronchitis and it was completely effective.  Now six months later I have developed a full compliment of the drugs side effects. Thrush, hives, yeast infection(vaginal), leg cramps and a knotted tendon. I am 65."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 2 years for chronic back pain and it works great. The only problem I see is my doctor has to keep upping my dose because after a while it doesn&#039;t last as long."
"I have been on Latuda for just over a year. I find it very effective at eliminating my suicide ideation (I also have major depressive disorder). I take 10 to 20 mg per night. I also take 150 mg Wellbutrin XL per morning. I have had restless legs nearly my whole life at least since puberty and I am 57 years old. For about 18 months I have controlled restless legs with iron supplements. They&#039;re over-the-counter. They must be taken at least two hours after eating anything and at least two hours before eating anything in order to be effectively absorbed. I usually get relief at night by taking 28 mg equivalent tablets at mid morning and mid afternoon. Before doing this you should ask your doctor. I have had no problems from using iron. Latuda often causes restlessness, so ask your Dr!"
"Three months on Cymbalta now and doing ok. I posted before that I started out on a very small dose and over 6 weeks got it up to 30 mg. I felt better than I ever had in my life! Then I tried to get it up further but suffered from horrible constipation and gas. Took me a while to know why, but now I am going back to 30 because I think that might be the right dose for me. It&#039;s all a bit experimental, but I do know that I couldn&#039;t bear to feel like I did before with no medicines. Just so anxious all the time for no reason, had to stop doing a lot of things in life, altogether so much less than I could be. Still grateful for this medicine."
"Taking 40mg as needed for social anxiety. Found it to be highly effective. Talking to strangers usually triggers a level of uncomfortableness to the point where I disengaged from the conversation after a short while. Helps alleviate those symptoms. Much more engaged in conversation overall, focusing on the subject matter of the conversation rather than eccentricities of myself, other person, etc."
"About 15 yrs ago I started taking Xanax. 0.25mg morning and afternoon. It worked wonders. Then the doctors put me on Paxil. I weaned myself off the Xanax, it took about 4 months. But I always have it on hand for the tough times which seem in abundance lately.  It acts quickly and has been a life saver for me."
"Started on 10mg for 1 week with little results. Woke up twice every night, seems like it took forever to get back to sleep. Doctor increased dose to 2 
10mg per night-it&#039;s been a month now and I&#039;m still waking up at least twice each night. I have tried taking both capsules around 9-9:30PM, or 1 at 9:30PM &amp; the other around 11PM, same sleep interruptions.  I decided to just get up at 4AM-when I&#039;m awake the second time and stare at the TV or fix my husband&#039;s lunch.  I&#039;m still not feeling as if I&#039;m getting a good night&#039;s sleep-find myself tired and grouchy during the day and early evening. Feeling very frustrated."
"I&#039;m only 17 I used plan b before can&#039;t remember if I got sick after taking it before. But me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex Tuesday 10th night when I was fertile, two days away from my ovulation day. I had him go get the pill the same night took it about 1/2 hours after. Took it with Mcdonalds and went right to sleep after couple days later I don&#039;t feel anything. But my breast are very sore and I&#039;m just constantly hungry. Suppose to get my period on thanksgiving the 26th. Waiting game horrible ."
"My parents had lived near me my whole life and moved away with my siblings and grandparents for my mom&#039;s new job. Since I am still in school and just bought a home,  relocation was not an option for me.  This combined with my love for cigarettes led my doc to prescribe wellbutrin. For smoking cessation,  it was awesome.  Once starting the med,  I had no desire to smoke whatsoever.  It helped with my depression quite a bit and I no longer had to take naps to stay awake during the day.  Did start getting the worst headaches in the back of my head after 2 mos. Also I don&#039;t like the alcohol restriction.  Switched to effexor."
"I&#039;m on my 3rd day with Contrave. I noticed some dizziness, hot flashes (which I didn&#039;t know was a side effect). I can&#039;t really tell if my appetite is suppressed since most of my prior overeating has been stress related. So I&#039;m figuring out the difference between real hunger &amp; stress hunger. I previously took Adipex for 9 months and lost 40lb before it quit working . Then, gained 21lb back when stress levels sky rocketed on my job. They&#039;re still high but I really hope Contrave works. I hoping to lose 30 pounds. Nothing yet but it&#039;s early in the game."
"I am on week 5.  I first used it on my arms with no result.  So I decided to do my forehead. A few spots came out.  Now I&#039;m doing my chest area...major sun damage! I&#039;m not going to lie, it itches and burns.  If all these spots are pre-cancer cells, then its definitely worth a few weeks of pain and discomfort! I just told my co-workers what I was doing so I didn&#039;t feel the need to &quot;cover-up&quot;.  Actually feels better not to have clothes rub on it.  I take Advil for the pain.  If only I could go back in time and tell myself to get out of the tanning beds, its not worth it!"
"I was on pegylated interferon/ribavarin for 50 weeks in 2010. I developed anemia through out the treatment but it was not sever. I would cry at the drop of a hat, had sever fatigue and body pains.
Six years later I still have fatigue and muscle/bone pain. I have not been able to work. I&#039;m exercising but very minimal ( walk less than a block) and can not increase it due to being laid up for the next few days. I&#039;ve been refused social security because my liver damage isn&#039;t sever enough. I would stay far away from this drug. The manufacturer should compensate people who have long term/permanent side effects."
"This med is amazing. 23 year old christian college grad with every type of anxiety for the past 2 years. Could barely go to class or the grocery store, felt dissociated, distant and terrified of people (including friends). Was scared to try any drug but after losing my job and needing to go out and interview I decided to try something. 3 days in and I feel totally changed. No anxiety. Clear head. Feel like I could even move countries to work and I&#039;ve been out more in a weekend than I have been in 3 months combined. I take 5mg and 25mg of hydroxyzine to balance out the side effects (blurry vision, headaches, muscle spasms etc). Don&#039;t be scared just try it. I regret not going on this sooner."
"I had Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Diarrhea for around 8 years. After GP tried everything, as a last resort I was prescribed 5mg before bed. The very next morning I was amazed at the difference. It also helped greatly with sleep. After 3 days I took it every other day, then after another week every 2-3 days, and so on. After 6 weeks I didn&#039;t need to take it continuously anymore. Only the occasional times when it flared up during the next year or so. 18 months later I was free of the problems and had to dispose of the remaining prescription! It&#039;s very underrated from what I have read."
"I have had great success with this in conjunction with low doses of Prozac. The combination does a great deal to still the racing thoughts and anxiety."
"I have had weight loss success with qysmia that I have not been able to achieve before, 60lbs in 7 months. I have had some uncomfortable side effects, but nothing to the point where I have felt the need to discontinue the drug. These include tingling of feet, dry mouth &amp; constipation. I did experience extreme vaginal dryness and an overall feeling of aggitation on the highest does 15+, so went back to &amp; stayed on the 7+ &amp; added exercise ."
"I&#039;ve been on Armour forever but in the last year found my dosage going up to 150 plus Liothyronine at 30 mcg/day and all of these horrible symptoms coming back and new ones that at first thought were lifestyle-induced due to a career change and a move. That was until I found out that Forrester Laboratories was bought out by Allergan in 2015 and the same issues from the 2008-2009 reformulation are being reported in mass numbers...everything from lab issues, high increases in dosages, chronic fatigue, vision issues, skyrocketing co-pays to hair loss, etc. I checked my bottles this weekend and realized that they all read Forrester/Allergan and will be researching on new natural options and speaking with my doctor on Monday!"
"I took this medication for about 4 years. At first, no noticeable side effects. However, I have regularly experienced severe mood swings, panic attacks, swollen and painful feet, and incontinence for the past 2-3 years. I stopped taking Diovan and within two weeks the foot pain and incontinence went away. I am now on a new medication and I haven&#039;t had any severe mood swings or panic attacks for the last two weeks. I am still adjusting to the new medicines (Cartia XT) and I feel a little light headed/dizzy. I didn&#039;t realize that I was an emotional wreck, it came on slowly and my family just thought I was going crazy. I think it must have been the Diovan because I am fine now and feeling like my old, calm, reasonable, rational self."
"Works great for me. No side effects."
"I was put on this medicine in a daily dosing pack after physical therapy wasn&#039;t working AND naproxen wasn&#039;t cutting it. After taking this medicines for 12 days, i.e. 6 for 2 days, 5 for 2 days, 4 for 2 days, etc. my arm/shoulder was back to it old self again. I only wish I&#039;d seen the specialist and was put on this medicine. I would have been back to work in two to two and one half weeks. 3 cheers for methyl- prednisolone."
"So I received the Skyla around Feb 3 2015. It hasn&#039;t been that long but it is very relieving knowing its pretty impossible to have a child right now. The insertion was EXTREMELY painful. May have been worth it for that time but I won&#039;t be doing it again.I have tattoos and a high pain tolerance and it was horribly painful. It felt like someone was scraping my cervix with a knife. Anyways , everything seemed good. I started off with some spotting here and there but it was so little that it didn&#039;t bother me. Now this last period is never ending. Like I said it hasn&#039;t been months or anything of straight bleeding, but I can tell that something isn&#039;t right. Skyla is new, so do your research."
"I went to the ER because I had severe pain in my right flank area and was told I had a kidney stone. I get them quite frequently now and I was given Dilaudid IV. I got the warm wonderful rush and felt very floaty and quite pleasant and I felt no pain. "
"I received this treatment and as far as I  could tell there were no side effects except for fatigue and some pain. I am not sure if it was really any worse than usual because I have chronic pain anyhow. It did get rid of the Hep C though so it did what it was meant to do."
"I have been taking this medication for several months along with Viibryd for depression and anxiety. This has really helped with my depression almost immediately but I have gained 14 pounds in 2 months with exercising! I have decided to stop both medications and try something new when I see doctor on Friday. I can&#039;t handle the weight gain not worth it to me."
"I honestly have not had too many problems with this. I have had it for almost 5 months now and at  first I did get migranes and gained about 20 lbs but after about 2 months the headaches went away and I am just now getting my period for the first time since starting this birth control. It is lasting over 2 weeks though. So I guess the most helpful thing I can say is a majority of the side effects will be temporary and are usually just your body adjusting and that it is a very effective form of birthcontrol! Don&#039;t let certain reviews scare you because everyone has a different experience!"
"I&#039;ve had this for 4 months, getting it removed next week. Non stop bleeding and cramps for the last 4 months. On top of that I&#039;ve had pain in my arm where it is because I do a lot of lifting at work. It&#039;s been so miserable I&#039;m so thankful to be getting it out soon. I wish I would&#039;ve taken the reviews more seriously considering there&#039;s more bad than good."
"Rare attacks, but when they hit, they&#039;re bad. Atypical, knee, ankle, 5th metatarsal (long foot bone behind the little toe), but always only one joint at a time, and never the big toe.  Severe pain, can&#039;t bear any weight on that side. This last time around, acetaminophen, ibuprofen, naproxen had no effect whatsoever; hydrocodone took the leading edge off but that&#039;s all.  After first dose of Prednisone, 80% pain reduction in 12 hours, remaining pain disappeared completely over the following 2-3 days."
"I had been on Prozac for three years and gone through a lot of hard times. It helped when I was splitting from my ex, Lost a job, got into some legal trouble, lost my license, and had to move back home.  After getting back on my feet again and getting my license and a job I decided to ween off of it...bad idea..I became more and more stressed out and had very bad stomach issues that I never had before.  After about three months off 40mg a day I had a huge panic attack and days of not eating or sleeping.  I have since gone back on 20 mg and hope it starts to work soon. I should have never gone off this medication it saved my life once and I hope to have the same results again.  I was happy, able to take things much better and be myself."
"Easy and covered by my insurance."
"I had my IUD put in in 2003 shortly after having my first child, and just had it removed June 2015. Never had any issues with insertion, removal, or the whole 12 years of use. I highly recommend as a long term form of birth control. I will be getting another in a few weeks! Yay Paraguard!"
"I have been on Depakote since June of 2006. I was initially started off at 1000mg and am now up to 1500mg. When I told my neurologist I want off it she increased the dosage to 1500mg. I take it for Epilepsy but have had similar problems as you all. I am 24  years old and am now balding. I have decreased ambition and have difficulty with memory and paying attention. I have gained about 50 pounds since starting it. Last year when my prescription was raised from 1000 to 1500mg I noticed a 15 lb increase in about a month. I am however not having any seizures."
"Do not take this medication if you have a pre-existing anxiety disorder...even if you are on a benzo or buspirone before starting it.  My anxiety was well controlled with an SSRI and buspirone, but my depression did not seem to be getting any better.  My Psychiatrist tried switching me from the SSRI to 100 mg Wellbutrin SR.  I could only take the Wellbutrin for 6 days.  It gave me horrible panic attacks, racing heartbeat, and severe sweating.  I have no doubt it may work well for depression, but it is a bad drug to try if you have depression and generalized anxiety disorder.  I am now back on the SSRI.  I would rather deal with some depression than have panic attacks!"
"I have Juvenile Rheumatoid arthritis as well as uvitus as a result of the arthritis. I&#039;m 13 years old and I&#039;ve been using Humira for the past six months. I&#039;m using Humira to try to control both the pain and the eye disease. This drug is pretty much the last option for me, and it is thankfully working. I hope that Humira will continue to work and that I won&#039;t have side effects like I did with just about everything else. I&#039;m glad that something is finally working."
"I just got the Mirena yesterday. I was legitimately having anxiety because of all of the horror stories of insertion. I&#039;m 23 and have never had a child. The procedure was uncomfortable but felt no worse than a bad cramp. I&#039;ve been cramping on and off since insertion, and honestly some of those cramps were worse than the actual insertion! Overall, so far, it has been great!"
"First month prescription for 20, 50mg tablets. If I take at the first sign of headache goes away about 30 min. If wait to take tablet takes up two hours for the pain to stop. Since I have daily migraines tried waiting to save tablets, concerned run out of 50mg tablets prior to refill date. The Imitrex has been God sent for me. I have had migraines since my teens now in my sixities. Migranies only health probem I have. Plan to call my doctor let know how well Imitrex works for me and see if 30 day prescription or stronger prescription is what I need. From other reviews appears some users go days between headaches, that would be more than I ever expected after all these years."
"In December 2013 I hit the 300 lbs mark after slowly gaining weight for many years.  I have tried many diets including variants of the low carbs.  In December I went to the doctors for an appetite supressent and went on Qsymia.  I enrolled in a manufactures program which gave the first two weeks of meds for free then I paid $75/ month for 3 months.  After 3 month, the price of Qsymia went up to $150/mnth (best case with coupon), so my doctor gave me a prescription of phentermine  and another of topiramate (cost 35/month total as my insurance covers the later). In 6 months I lost 60 lbs!  In the last 1.5 months I lost only 5 lbs, but my doctor explained that I should go off the meds for a few months and then the meds will be effective again."
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for only 1 month, so I&#039;m not anyone to talk. BUT so far I do love it. Not having to take a pill or go for a shot or worry if something&#039;s misplaced is amazing. Insertion was painless. Numbing felt just like a normal shot and then the insertion was done so quick! I took off the wrapping a day early and you&#039;re supposed to keep a bandage on for 2 weeks (depending on what your doctor says) but I took mine off a day after I got it. My arm was sore for about a week and then after that I would just feel slight pinching feelings but now i don&#039;t feel it. The only downside is my period,so far is lasting way longer than it used to, but it&#039;s super light , also I get the worst migraines I&#039;ve ever had in my life."
"My numbers have become normalized and I have had little to no side effects, other than increased thirst/urination. I lost ten pounds as well. I think has worked wonders for me and I consider myself lucky to not be experiencing any negative side effects."
"Hey everyone, i thought i was losing it until i read these reviews. The first couple weeks on this were ok, then i have been spotting...which leads to heavy bleeding...to light bleeding...but now this has been going on for 3 weeks. I thought it was finally ending and today i had heavy bleeding at work. Through my super plus tampon and all over my dress. Yep awful. My dr. Told me it may take 3 months to adjust. Im beyond miserable. This pill sucks."
"I&#039;ve had migraines for 20 years.  I tried all the different preventative meds, migraine meds, including several years of narcotics.  My life went to hell about two years ago when I was abruptly taken off narcotics and was not warned of opiate dependancy.  So, a mother of 7 sons, not a smoker or drinker found myself in a world you only see in movies. I didn&#039;t even realize that I was addicted to pain pills, it was a normal prescription I got every month to deal with migraines. With, the help of my husband and my cousin, I was able to get off of these pills.  My body was full of poison, I did it, I detoxed!  I started going to a pain clinic and was introduced to Botox.  It changed my life, I do get sick after shots, but it is worth it to me."
"6 months ago I was diagnosed with polycystic ovaries. I was put on this upon diagnosis. Periods went from maybe 4 unbelievably heavy periods a year lasting about 8-12 days. To completely regular periods, very light and lasting about 2-4 days.  Honestly haven&#039;t had any severe problems. The most obvious effect on me would have to be the sore breasts and enlargement. No acne other than the occasional pimple. Ultimately, I would recommend."
"Mild depression, fatigue, memory and concentration side effect - but so far so good!  I just started taking Savella, on week two and I can notice a difference already. I had been taking Ritalin for years for my ADD and was on some anxiety and depression medicines, and after getting off of them all, I crashed and felt so tired and mentally out of it. On the depression medicines I felt either stupid or edgy so I went off all of them wanting to get back on Ritalin for the concentration.  My doctor tells me that Ritalin will actually make you depressed when you stop the medication and can take up to two years to repair the damage. He put me on Savella for the brain fog and the fatigue. I was so tired that I couldn&#039;t get out of bed, and I felt alive again. So far, it is an amazing drug.  Very pleased with no side effects."
"Everybody&#039;s personal experience is different. For me this was the most horrible pain I have ever felt in my entire life. I almost threw up as soon as they clamped my cervix. And I had to lay at the doctor&#039;s office for an 60 extra minutes. They could not give me pain medicine. And I also felt like I was going to soil myself and they had to bring in the ultrasound to make sure  nothing has gone wrong. Since then I&#039;ve had horrible mood swings and a weird period that has pretty much lasted for three months and have gained about 15 pounds. I am probably going to get it removed but do not want to go through the pain and still have not done it yet."
"It seems not to work all that well for me. It calms me some but I still can&#039;t seem to fall asleep nor stay asleep!"
"Whenever I use the 12-hour tabs, it helps almost immediately in satiating my urge to cough and/or does a good job of loosening whatever junk is in my chest. Grateful for that. However, it is now 1:46am -- been eyes-wide awake since 12midnight. I took 1 pill around 3pm, fell asleep nicely by 9pm, but BOOM - now jittery and think I&#039;m going crazy, wondering why I can&#039;t fall back asleep. Praying. I will not take this anymore, or will only try to take an a.m. dose &amp; skip the p.m. dose. Glad the mucus is lessening, but so not glad about missing sleep."
"I love this pill.I have been on it for 3 years..it regulates my period and the lost of appetite has helped with weight lost..in February 2013 I weighted 282 it is July 2014 and I weight 236. I&#039;m more emotional to movies and everything but thats fine"
"Tried it three times(20mgs) it worked fine for me the first time but not anytime there after."
"I&#039;ve been taking Taxol/Avastin for over 26 months, this is an amazing medicine to treat breast cancer. I had already 85 treatments without stopping. Side effects are nothing compared with the amount of treatments, hair loss, neuropathy, vision problems, nauseous but not to much, teeth problems. But the most important thing is I&#039;m still alive in Stage IV for 26 months under the same treatment. Thanks"
"I had my Nexplanon inserted one year ago and have loved it. I was on the 3 month shot before this birth control. My arm was severely bruised after having it inserted, but that was to be expected. There were no side effects from switching birth controls, which I was extremely happy about. I&#039;m only 19 years old and having this for three years was the best decision my mother and I could have made. The only symptoms I&#039;ve experienced have been a little weight gain (10-15 pounds) &amp; going from dry skin to oily. Other then that I have had no problems with my Nexplanon and would encourage anyone who is thinking about using this."
"I am soon to be 79 and unable to get an erection for over 4 years.  I have had Parkinson&#039;t disease for 16 years and on several meds.  My wife was wonderful in helping me find the best time to take Cialis, starting with 10mg dose.  Helped some but had to go to 20mg dose.  Over the top results in about 4-5 hours.  Lasted over an hour and was able to ejaculate normally! My wife is 67 and an eager partner which makes all the difference in the world!  I am alive again!"
"This medicine almost killed me. Symptoms worst at 40 mg but there earlier. I ended up in the ER twice and was admitted to the hospital for days after a month with uncontrollable diarrhea, vomiting and the worse abdominal cramps I&#039;ve ever had before anyone realize it was the Viibryd.  I pass kidney stones regularly, so I have a super high pain tolerance and the lower abdominal pain from Viibryd was as bad if not worse than that.  I had uncontrollable leg and body spasms and agitation and anxiety through the roof.  Tapering off the stuff ended up being just as bad, every time I took the tapered dose I felt like I was taking poison and I would go into convulsions. less serious side effects including, eye pain, odd vaginal discharg"
"This birth control is the best. No weight gain it makes my breasts a lot fuller and no bad side effects. I would recommend it to everyone out there. Just make sure you eat right when you are on it, meaning healthy and plenty of fluids."
"When they changed the formulation it does not work as good, or as fast. It upsets my stomach and gives bad headaches. "
"5th month on Vyvanse 30 mg which is on the lower dose end. This med has an awful crash. I exercise 4-6x a week. I eat very healthy. I stay busy. I read so many reviews about the same issue. I did reading about the &quot;minimal&quot; crash felt on this med and it is so scary how pharmaceutical companies try to set the med apart. 
For me it lasts 6 hrs and irritability increases. I think it&#039;s in-part tolerance. Mid afternoon, I get severely irritable, anxious, moody, sleepy, and agitated. It is so uncomfortable, I&#039;m supposed to &quot;up&quot; my dose now...to see it last longer and my &quot;crash&quot; will start later&quot;? "
"It is amazing!"
"I have only been taking this medicine for a few days to replace Seroquel and I feel good but very jittery at 80mg pm. I gained a lot of weight on Seroquel and my blood tests were not good. My doctor said for some people Geodon is &quot;activating&quot; at this dose and he raised it 20 more mg and said maybe I would feel calmer. I have read reviews of people getting sleepy - I hope I get sleepier! I have a great doctor-that also makes a difference!"
"So its been about a month and a half now since I had gotten my IUD inserted. Now the pain for the insertion was about a 5 out of 10. I have never been pregnant and certainly don&#039;t intend to. So I was debating whether or not to do this for almost a year. I knew all the side effects and I went along with it. Probably the best decision I have made. I don&#039;t have to take a pill anymore. I was reading some reviews and it scared me on the pain tolerance but everyone is different! Anyways I&#039;ve had mine in for about a month and a half I am spotting but so far I lOVE IT!!! DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED"
"I was experiencing awful symptoms including visual and auditory hallucinations. I also had problems with &quot;feeling&quot; something crawling all over me. I felt like someone had taken advantage/control over my physical being. I was scared for my life, wondering if my hallucinations were real. Luckily, this medication has cleared these thoughts, and made the hallucinations better, but one moment clearly pointed out to me that the medication hadn&#039;t done any harm. I was laying in bed, and I started to laugh uncontrollably because I could actually lay there and listen to the quiet sounds all around me. I wasn&#039;t distracted by voices."
"I&#039;m 21 and I got the nexaplon Around December of 2015. Insertion was okay he numbed it so I didn&#039;t feel a thing. Everything was fine, my period started the beginning of January for like a week. First few weeks sex was painful &amp; EVERY time me and my boyfriend would have sex, I would bleed for about 2-3 days following.  And ever since January 18,2016 I HAVE BEEN BLEEDING SINCE. 3 months without sex and I&#039;m going crazy lol. I know it takes awhile for your body to adjust to hormones and whatever but this is extreme and I&#039;m actually getting it removed to get the mirena IUD. Hopefully I have a better experience with it. I was on the pill for about 5 years but the estrogen give me migraines."
"Due to my age (42) and the need for contraceptive and relief from having my period last 2 of 4 four weeks after my second child, I was advised that the Mirena was the best option. I was concerned about having several fibroids which I was diagnosed as having when I was 30. So, Mirena inserted.  The bleeding was inconsistent for 12 months. My doc said give it 3 mths, then 6 mths, then 9 mths. No change.  After the first month it was noticable that my belly was sticking out. I gained weight around the middle that I could not budge. Had it taken out and felt normal again the next day. Then my period came, with a vengeance. I believe my body stored my menstrual blood which made my fibroids bigger than before. Back to the gyno for me."
"Methadone can be very useful for some types of chronic pain.  For those who need larger doses of narcotics, methadone does not cause tolerance like morphine or oxycodone so you do not have to keep raising the dose to keep your pain in control.  It does take time to kick in so be patient.  Oxys or MS can be given to help till Methadone kicks in.  Any narcotic can have side effects like constipation.  A good doc will help you PREVENT such problems.  As for comments that kick backs and conspiring with drug companies, we are under intense monitoring as some people sell the drugs to others or overdose and die.  We must see patients often to prevent problems like this.  If not, we loose our license or get sued.  It&#039;s called good medical care."
"hello, I am a 24 year old male who has been dealing with depression, anxiety, and lack of focus in my life four a couple years now. After a recommendation from a friend i decided to make a change and start on 50mg of prestiq. Im a relatively small person 5&#039;5 130 pounds and immediately felt the effects of the medication. I had a huge surge of energy that was a little overwhelming. I was much more sociable and confident, also my curiosity was dramatically increased and i managed to blaze through several books in a weeks time. This was a huge shift in my normal behavior which was generally lazy and unfocused. Now I&#039;ve been on the drug for about 3 months and the effects aren&#039;t as noticeable but I&#039;d say my life has changed for the better."
"My psychiatrist started me on 25 mg for a month and then upped my dose to 50 mg for my anxiety. I have to say that I&#039;m doing great. The only side effects I had was diarrhea which only lasted for a couple of days. Now the only thing I have is tingling feeling in my legs but other than that Zoloft is a life saver.  Going on two months with this medication."
"Here is a case of big pharma at its finest. $197 for a .5 ml bottle. Doc gave me two bottles sample. One was empty, one lasted a month. Same size. The one I purchased had TWO drops in it!! My insurance stopped covering it at the first of the year. I will never buy this again. I&#039;m not sure it works for my condition, anyway as symptoms have not cleared up. Don&#039;t buy this."
"I have been suffering from panic attack since 2013 and was kept on Xanax .5mg TDS really its the drug which can enhance the Quality of life. Even though we have the xanax regularly but some times panics and anxiety comes, i though to cure anxiety off when met to psychiatrist he prescribed Zoloft 50mg once a day along woth clonazipam .25mg at bed time, having satarted that panics came with great intensity i left both Zoloft and Revotril and rejoin Xanax the problem solver... Thx Almighty who has put lots of benefits in Xanax..."
"I&#039;ve been using Loryna for about 4 years and it has done wonders for my acne. I used to have cystic acne all over my face and I haven&#039;t have cystic acne in several months. I think I only had one flare up over the past year and a half. I was planned to go on Accutane, so glad I didn&#039;t. Haven&#039;t gotten pregnant either. Win win!"
"Also for the people saying it dries our your skin very badly, you must be using too much. It does dry your skin out but not badly at all. You&#039;re supposed to use very, very little bit of it on your acne. Not your whole face, just your acne. I learned the hard way. I loaded it up on my chin &amp; it made my chin so dry &amp; itchy &amp; red. It looked horrible, like my whole chin was scabbed. It went away after I stopped putting the cream on it for a day or two."
"I took this pill as a last resort as I thought lymecyline wasn&#039;t working but wasn&#039;t making my skin worst, so I opted for Yasmin worst choice I have ever made! By the 3rd day I had dry skin and a large cluster of spots round my jaw! 
This didn&#039;t work for me and I&#039;m not willing to wait anymore, however there is no harm in trying just beware, also duac cream, I wouldn&#039;t recommend it burns and dries skin out."
"I was taking this for depression for about 3 years and it was a miracle for me.  I stopped taking it when I lost my insurance for about a year.  The result was a weight gain of 20 lbs and severe depression (again)  I&#039;ve been taking now about a year and the result is that I&#039;m happy again.  I lost 30  lbs and experience an increased libido.  I&#039;ve never taken any other anti-depressant besides Wellbutrin SR."
"I was afraid to take the medication. I read so much about side effects, when one is older (76) but after a blood test my Doctor told me this was the only one that would work. so I took it, and I am glad I did. It worked wonders and no side effects. If you have to take it I would say don&#039;t worry."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia, herniated discs in my neck and lower back, deterioration of my spine, etc. I&#039;ve been on soma and a pain med, for over 15 years. I take them only when my back starts spasming out. A combination of being in pain constantly and the fibro. They are the only muscle relaxer that works, and I can only take one brand, as the others make me nauseous. Whatever they throw in for fill. Now the DEA, is getting into all our business, and on the doctors backs. I&#039;ve never had a problem with my meds, I&#039;m almost 60 yrs old, and they want to take the only thing that works for me away! All because of certain idiots that Don&#039;t take it properly. I have a child to take of, which i cant do laying in bed."
"I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR ANYONE! I unlike most people gained a lot of weight in a year. I was around 115lbs before I now weigh 150lbs. I&#039;m only 18 years old. I have stretch marks everywhere from this. I also do not have a period. It&#039;s been almost 4 months since I&#039;ve had it removed and still haven&#039;t gotten it back. Do not get this."
"Bit of  nausea at the start but eased off until I changed my stab day then sickness came back for a couple of weeks. 11 weeks in and have dropped 12kg in weight. Blood sugars are way down and have more energy. Struggle to always eat three times a day but when I do I feel great and that&#039;s when the weight melts off."
"I&#039;m on the first week and I&#039;ve been crying for no reason, getting angry at basically the drop of a pen and extremely exhausted and hungry. I hope this changes soon.. I&#039;ll give it two months at most, I hope to see an improvement in that time."
"Hello everyone!! I had been suffering from  chest pain for about 3 years. I had all kinds of tests done and they all have come out normal. This chest pain was interfering with my everyday life. I started avoiding many things that I thought would contribute to my chest pain all with no success. My doctor then said that it was anxiety. He prescribed zoloft and I was really hesitant to take it. I have never been on an antidepressant and I was afraid. Well today is my 6th day on it and I already feel an improvement. I haven&#039;t had any side effects well only the 1st night I couldn&#039;t sleep but all is well now. I don&#039;t want to be on this for ever. I am planning on taking it for 6 months. I highly recommend  Zoloft. I am on 50mg daily."
"I have been on numerous medicines both alone and in combinations.  Seroquel showed a nearly immediate efficacy (2nd day) for my bipolar condition, in combination with a mood stabilizer."
"It has helped me in every way. Very light three to four day periods, clear skin and no weight gain. I love it."
"After a back injury and subsequent surgery I tried several medicines for the lingering nerve pain in my left leg.  Nothing worked without severe side effects until trying Cymbalta.  The first couple of weeks the nausea was almost unbearable but I toughed it out hoping for some relief of the aching in my left leg.  Pain pills had zero effect on the radiating pain so my doctor prescribed Cymbalta.  It did take a couple of weeks to see any relief to my pain.  Although the pain is not totally gone it has gone from a 10  down to a 7 so for me this is a great improvement."
"I really do not like taking medications so I probably don&#039;t monitor it like I should. So far I have had no problems develop but it works effectively and side effects are minimal. Some cuts barely bleed while a small scratch may take awhile to stop depending on where the cut or scratch occurs. I have found that Coumadin regulates better than other warfarin but costs considerably more. "
"Been on lexapro for 6 weeks now. It has made a huge difference in my life. I&#039;m calmer, more focused, sleeping better, I can manage my issues with a eater mind. It&#039;s almost like your a more improved version of yourself. However, I have slight side effects such as diarrhea. But I can deal with that! Good luck all! Please give this medication  a chance to work before giving up on it."
"Been taking these meds for 2 weeks now. I was diagnosed with mild aspergers syndrome as a very small child and have had problems with anxiety &amp; my overall mental health for most of my life. Just recently, I started to have panic attacks (scariest thing ever, I thought I was dying). So while I&#039;m waiting to see a shrink, my GP prescribed me an antideppressant. It has significantly decreased my anxiety &amp; sadness. It is also excellent as a pain-killer (I have ankylosing spondylitis/arthritis too). Worked far better then any NSAID I have taken. Side effects are harsh though. I felt tipsy &amp; nauseous the first time I took it. Diarrhea. Nightmares. Severe restlessness. Racing thoughts. High sex drive that negatively interferes with day to day life."
"I&#039;ve been using Protopic (0.1% ointment) for about six years to treat facial seborrheic dermatitis. On the plus side, Protopic ended five miserable years of itching, redness and burning that no cream seemed to help, and for that reason I am truly thankful. On the downside, it&#039;s very greasy (similar to Vaseline) which means it stays on the skin all day if applied in the morning. Drinking alcohol is a definite no-no too, as a tiny amount causes an awful reaction, making the skin immediately burn bright red.  Annoyingly, if I don&#039;t use Protopic for about two weeks, when I reapply it the skin burns and itches intensely for a few hours (REALLY uncomfortable). Using it more often, say twice a week, does however resolve this problem."
"I experienced spotting the entire time I was on this pill, which I have not had happen on other pills. Ended up switching after 3 months."
"I have had Implanon inserted since November 2010 after the birth of my son. No period until yesterday, which surprised me (after 19 months without periods). I have had no weight gain (despite a very good appetite and a love for cooking), but no libido at all (because of the breastfeeding as well). I stopped breastfeeding 2 months ago when my son was 18 month old, maybe my hormones production changed, and the birth control in the same time. I do acrobatic dance too and I wonder if the implant is still in place: for some of my tricks my partner needs to grab my arm over the implant.  I will check with the doctor on Monday. I may ask her to remove it and take regular pills instead."
"I slept great and fell asleep quickly! Also, I felt like I hade more energy in the morning!"
"Got the inhaler for my son on Friday. Does not work , then pro air does not want to refund my money, but wants to replace their garbage product with another rubbish Pro Air Respiclick.. Big Pharm sucks"
"I was prescribed this as an anti-depressant and I found that I just didn&#039;t have the urge to smoke anymore!"
"Since I got on BC my hair has been falling out ,even now since I&#039;ve been off it..ughhh wish I had done more research."
"I was on Yaz for 8 months. My periods were lighter, shorter, and I had minimal spotting. I had cramps that only lasted for 30 min or so. I did experienced side effects though such as my boobs felt full and swollen. I gained some weight, had cravings for big meals, and became emotional at random times. Towards the end I experienced sharp pains in my boobs which resulted in finding benign cysts. A month after I got off of it I lost 10 lbs but had to get my gallbladder removed for stones &amp; gallbladder disease. "
"So delighted that Tresiba immediately helped my dawn phenomena. So many years of morning highs on Levemir. Wow.Then disaster struck . Bad bloating , nausea and dizziness plus weight gain. The insulin nurse said &lsquo;she doubts it&rsquo;s the insulin&rsquo; and not to go back to the other one if it&rsquo;s working&rsquo;. After googling side effects I think it  maybe the cause  so I will rebel and see what happens."
"This is for everyone out there who was me almost 7 weeks ago, reading through all the terrifying experiences, going through something that I wouldn&#039;t wish on my worst enemy. I started having panic attacks over a year ago, and thought it was just a phase, not realizing that I was heading towards a deep dark hole. 7 weeks ago I sinked into 24/7 panic mode, with all the terrible symptoms, stopped eating and sleeping, cried all the time, and was desperate. Paroxetine put me on the right track, and 7 weeks later, I am exercising daily, have loads of energy, am seeing a psychologist and have my life in order. Know this- the meds help, but it&#039;s all up to you. You have to add the rest. Don&#039;t stop after the first week. It does get better."
"Have had chronic lower back pain for over a decade. Insurance co made me switch to Xtampza from OC. First few weeks were a bit of a challenge because we had to find what dosage strength and dosing frequency was best for me. But once we got through this, I find the drug works well when I use as directed particularly as it relates to diet. Also have my backup of fast acting pills when I have breakthrough pain. I think people that say this drug doesn&#039;t work aren&#039;t being dosed appropriately or they have just been on high doses of OC alongside short-acting narcotics for so long that they are just too far along to be helped by anything new because your bodies have just gotten so used to your incredible high dose OC regimen. Sorry but push through"
"IT WAS HORRIBLE. Hated my life while taking it. Never had bad acne before until this. During the second week of taking loestrin I got really bad and painful cystic acne. It wasn&#039;t just on my face, it was all over my body. It got to a point where I didn&#039;t feel like walking out of my house because of it. Mind you, this happened over the course of only 2 weeks. I also felt super depressed and moody, nauseous. I didn&#039;t feel like myself. It helped my cramps, but it definitely not worth it. Switching to another bc. I was hopeful everything would be fine, but it turned out to be a hellish experience. Would not recommend to anyone for sure."
"I began taking this 9 months before I got married (at age 19). Immediately, my breasts grew at least a full cup size. I was nauseous at 1st but taking it right before bed helped. It went away after 3-4 months. The big problem was that I became more moody. Not drastically, but I was more irritable and cried a lot more. However, for me, the price was worth a little moodiness. (Fiance agreed). After a year and a half, my husband and I are now trying to get pregnant. Only after going off it, am I realizing how great it was. My acne is back full-force (I thought I&#039;d outgrown that!), my breasts hurt way more and I&#039;m getting nasty period cramps again. Ah, well. Overall, I&#039;d definitely recommend it."
"I had to stop taking Flomax because it made my sinuses completely clogged. I could not sleep because I had to keep my mouth open to breathe, which caused dry mouth and sore throat. Never got any sleep on it. It also caused retrograde ejaculation, where the semen goes back into the bladder instead of out the end of the penis. The short time I was on it helped the urination a little but, but not a lot."
"I could tell a huge difference before I even took the second dose! I feel much better!"
"I have been on Nucynta for about 3 months now taking 100 mg every 4-6 hours. It helps the pain but not enough but works better then hydro or Percocet. Now the doctor is putting me on the ER100 mg 2x a day and the regular 100 mg ever 6 hours between until they can get me into surgery but at times through the day my pain is almost gone. "
"It has helped take the edge off of my allergies, but the dry mouth it causes is horrible.  I need water constantly or my mouth and throat get so dry its actually becomes difficult to breath. "
"I take Dilaudid because I am living with Multiple Sclerosis and have severe muscle spasms. Unfortunately, the Dilaudid has started making me constipated - so my doctor prescribed me Relistor Injections - 12mg (the higher dose - it depends on your weight).

I took this medication for the first time this morning because I had not had a bowel movement in five days. I did the injection (beware, it burns when injecting!) and went on with my day. Within ten minutes (I&#039;m not kidding) I had to use the restroom. Success! That&#039;s the good part. After my successful bowel movement came terrible abdominal pain. I mean, it wasn&#039;t like, &quot;I have to go to the ER&quot; terrible, but it was significant enough that I am mentioning it. Overall, a good drug."
"I&#039;m in my 3rd month. Accutane is working GREAT! I had breakouts on the first couple of weeks then my skin really dried up. I&#039;m loving it so far, I am now a bit more confident and hopes up for a great result in 3 months!"
"I have been taking generic Cozaar for about 3 months.  Taking 25mg one time a day along with 12.5 mg of Hydrochlorothiazide.  It mildly lowers my BP.  I get readings near 120/80, but also get high readings some time as well.  Dr wants to up dosage to 50mg per day.  I want to wait a while as my BP isn&#039;t that bad yet and I am trying to slowly adjust to the side effects.  I am constantly &quot;dry&quot; and thirsty for water.  I have bad dizziness that gets really bad on occasion.  The side effects are much less to me than Lisinopril which had me coughing 24/7 and gave me bad angioedema after 3 months."
"I&#039;ve been taking 3 packets, then getting a period (on purpose, because of possible endo). I usually bleed a little for a week or two during the second pack and will definitely bleed on the third. My doctor told me it would be great to not have to buy so many pads having less periods - hah! My biggest complaint aside from that is that the packet itself is confusing. The foil has distracting writing all over it. The part where the days are is WHITE on WHITE.  I didn&#039;t think all this would bother me, I&#039;d just keep going across taking the pills, but I&#039;ve already messed up twice... If a company wants you to not get pregnant so you can keep taking their product, don&#039;t you think they&#039;d improve the design?"
"Invokana brought my blood sugar down to between 160 &amp; 245 (not much of a drop however), gave me a constant, excruciating UTI and yeast infections, and did my liver a lot of harm during the 2 months I took it"
"I am 38 years old with 4 small kids. I&#039;ve recently been diagnosed with osteoarthritis in my hips and most likely my knees. I was also having significant shoulder and heel pain. Within 2 days of starting this medication I would say I was 75% better. Now after 1 month I feel better than I have felt in years. I am amazed that 1 medication can work this well. I have not noticed any side effects."
"I developed a rash all over my back and shoulders i also had dizzy turns.
I became constipated and the pain from passing motions was worse than my original bouts of constabt diarohea"
"I took Cymbalta for 3 months and it worked great. Then over time it didn&#039;t work as well and I quit. I hit rock bottom."
"This birth control regulated my period, made my skin look great and made my boobs grow. It made me very hungry all the time and my sex drive went shooting up. good stuff"
"I only took Bontril 105mg for 2 months. I started out at 250lbs!!! I went to buy New clothes and was in a size 18, so depressing! I started out on Bontril 35mg, that did nothing for me so they bumped it up. I did stop drinking cold drinks, and only water. I did not even drink tea. I ate a high protein diet, beef jerky, cheese, and yogurt. They told me 1200 calories but that felt impossible! I did exercise the first month but slacked in the second. I lost 50 pounds total in those 2 months.  There after I did not gain my appetite back and got all the way down to 162 pounds. This medicine is absolutely amazing! Its been over 2 years and I just starting gaining some of the weight back due to the depo shot, I will definalty be going back to Bont"
"Love this medication. Gave me the strength to overcome this horrible addiction. It made the act of smoking boring and bland and made it easier to put down cigarettes for good. Best thing I&#039;ve ever done for myself and family. Other than extreme gas no major side effects. You need to be motivated and have desire to quit for this work. Smoke free since jan 25. Not one puff ever!"
"I&#039;ve been using this pill for 3 months. It&#039;s been great! Only side effects I&#039;ve experienced are the VERY RARE bad headaches. Haven&#039;t had any weight gain, bloating or anything. I was really nervous about taking birth control but it&#039;s been a really good experience! Try it out and see if it fits your body well. I like it."
"Severe reaction, but I am allergic to sulfur based drugs. Lasted under a week. Shakes gone first few days, but came back as I developed a reaction."
"I had developed severe anxiety and depression in my late teens/ early 20&#039;s and like many before me I have tried wellbutrin, paxil, lexapro etc. This is the only medicine that has shown significant improvement on both my depression and anxiety. I can be myself again. Don&#039;t be ashamed to talk to your doctor or family member. Get help as soon as possible."
"Numb hands for an hour, severe headache, blurry vision, rash on my arms. And this was with my first dosage.  Doctor didn&#039;t even ask to see what previous antibiotics worked for me in the past. He just gave me Avelox and prednisone and said &quot;on your way&quot;."
"So I recently slept wrong and thought I had a stiff neck that it would go away. I was wrong 3 days later it got worst and worst that I couldn&#039;t move my head down or to the right or upward. I was prescribe 10mg  twice a day but I just took it once a day with naproxen an anti inflammatory. Plus rubbed vicks on the area which my puerto rican mother swears it works wonders lol. 
Yes it makes u super sleepy but it was a great sleep no complaints. And in 24hrs and 48hrs later. I can do my pt exercises without pain and I feel great about 70% improvement. I still have to continue to stretch and massage the area. This is helping. Everyone responds differently though."
"I had real bad anxiety, which put me in the hospital. This medicine saved my life. It calms my soul, and stops my minds from racing to where I can&#039;t sleep and I&#039;m exhausted and irritable the next day. When I was not sleeping and stressed out I would sleep for about 3 hours, which did not help my heart, I have bradycardia - slow heart rate. So imagine that on no sleep. 

I can&#039;t say enough about it, except it saved my life.   

I hope this helps!
"
"Dry mouth is a side effect that is most unpleasant"
"I got the Nexplanon July of 2014 due to my previous IUD (Mirena) getting lodged into one of my ovaries and needing to get it removed. Before that, I had tried all different kinds of birth control pills, ending up either getting sick, forgetting to take them, or too expensive.
The first six months were great; periods regular and no noticeable side effects. After six months, though, I began experiencing drastic mood swings and waves of depression. My period disappeared for about a year, and I began gaining weight rapidly. Now 2 years in, I have visible acne for the first time and have been bleeding for over 2 weeks with painful cramps. Also having insomnia, lower sex drive, and more intense anxiety. I plan on removing it when I can afford to."
"I took Pristiq for years and it was wonderful.  Unfortunately my insurance changed and I wound up on Effexor, which caused me horrific night sweats.  When I saw Pristiq had a generic, I was thrilled!  Now that I&#039;m on it, I realize it&#039;s not anywhere close to the brand name.  I feel terrible on it.  I have headaches, jaw pain, I have heartburn, and I&#039;ve even noticed some heart palpitations.  I&#039;m really disappointed in the generic, but I don&#039;t want to go back to Effexor and deal with the night sweats, so I&#039;m kind of at a loss for what to do.  I&#039;m hoping if I give the generic Pristiq more time, my system will adjust.  I feel for the rest of you are having issues, because it&#039;s not fun."
"I&#039;m taking Cipralex.
I was in a car accident and about a year after the accident I started getting anxiety. 
My background: I was in the military and grew up on a farm. I was raised to be tough and to deal with my problems head on myself.
The whole anxiety thing I thought was for weak people. People with weak minds who just couldn&#039;t handle life. The funny thing with anxiety is it does not make sense. 
I was always an outgoing person up for anything at the drop of a dime.
I started getting anxiety just talking to people and around my family. I would get these episodes of feeling like I was out of my body and spaced out. Not knowing how to respond or thinking the person I was talking to knew I was really anxious.
Cipralex has saved me"
"Heavy drinker every night for about 5 years - bottle of vodka or a couple of bottles of wine. Done myself a lot of injuries nearly lost my job so I have just started this drug only 2 days ago so still feel anxious at night, when I would usually drink so trying to find hobbies and interests to fill my mind instead. I was inspired by everyone&#039;s comments here so wish me luck."
"I had an 7 year addiction to Norco (Vicodin) following extensive surgery in 2001.  I bit the bullet and took Suboxone at the end of December last.  It worked like a miracle. I quit the Norco.   But little did I know that it is also addictive and now I am hooked on the Suboxone.  My doc who had no qualms about giving me Norco now won&#039;t renew my Suboxone Scrip.  I have about 2 weeks of pills left.  I only take one pill a day.  I am attempting to wean myself off this drug but it is very hard."
"I was on citalopram 20mg and due to a death in the family, I was unable to get my prescription renewed before I ran out. So two months passed before I got to my doctor and I had done extensive research before making the decision to switch to Bupropion. I have been on it for 4 days now, and I definitely have the get-up-and-go that I never had before. I am beginning to enjoy the things I used to again.  HOWEVER, I am a serious coffee and sweet tea addict and for the first 3 days of use I had diarrhea and according to other people&#039;s reviews, it&#039;s actually quite common. I also was concerned because falling asleep is just a little more difficult but I still get 8 hours. I guess I&#039;m still adjusting to the idea of being normal and stable."
"Besides the discharge from the meds working, I had no symptoms at all. It worked for me!"
"I&#039;ve had the Kyleena for about 4 months. The insertion was virtually painless, as the doctor put numbing cream on me. Of course I had cramps afterwards but they went away after a week or so. My periods have been very irregular. When I get my period, I continue to spot for weeks. I&#039;m hoping this will subside. I&#039;ve also experienced acne problems which is something I&#039;ve never had a problem with before. I&#039;m getting acne on my face, back and chest. The string on my Kyleena has also recoiled. The doctor confirmed that it is still in place, but I can no longer feel the strings which worries me sometimes. I would recommend kyleena for birth control because it works. There are some side effects but I think they are worth it in the end."
"Please who ever is out there reading this please for your own good do not get this form of birth control. It has single handily ruined my life. I had Nexplanon for a year. I would have periods for straight two months at a time and then wouldn&#039;t have a period for a month or two. I developed anxiety. I had to quit my job and have had my whole life turned upside down. So this summer I had the heaviest period to date (it has been like game of thrones in my pants) I started my period on July 6th and I am still on it (August 12) I was hospitalized about a week ago due to all the blood loss. This mess will all be worth it if it steers at least one person away from getting it. I wouldn&#039;t wish this kind of side effect on anyone. "
"I&#039;ve always suffered with acne throughout my teenage years &amp; adult life. I have PCOS &amp; I had a full thyroidectomy due to thyroid cancer last year. I&#039;m now 38. My hormones went crazy after surgery. I was breaking out terribly. I&#039;ve tried every over the counter &amp; natural treatment you could imagine. Nothing worked. I saw the commercial &amp; was of course skeptical. I picked it up at target &amp; started using it during my usual breakout time (week before my period) within a week it was cleared up! My acne scars are lighter as well. People at work are actually saying how good my skin looks! I wish I would&#039;ve tried sooner. I use a very thin layer in common breakout areas. I also moisturize with coconut oil. Fantastic product!"
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for just over a month now with no noticeable side effects. my period was only 2-3 days of spotting and that was it though I don&#039;t know that my cycle normally being 30 days instead of 28 had a part to play in this. the first couple weeks I had reddish-brown discharge but i think that&#039;s cleared up now. I was expecting to get acne for the first little bit because thats what my body normally does when i start a new vitamin or med but there was no problem. the only other effect I can think of was that I got really horney for the week that i would normally be ovulating but that could just be a coincidence. but overall nothing negative to say,"
"I suffered a traumatic brain injury from being assaulted. Was on Dilantin for a few months. Due to no seizures they withdrew the Dilantin but a couple of months later I suffered my first grand mal seizure. I was put on Epilim (Sodium Valproate) but continued to have grand mal&#039;s. I had 3 in a week while at the highest level of Epilim and woke in hospital to find out they gave me Dilantin through a drip. They gradually reduced the Epilim whilst introducing Keppra. I was toxic for about 6 weeks but believe it was because the Dilantin level had increased. I have been seizure free for about 6 months now whilst the Dilantin is below the therapeutic range so I hope it&#039;s the Keppra. My neurologist wants to have me on Keppra only."
"I&#039;ve been on it 3 weeks now and I&#039;ve lost 19 pounds without exercise. It has cause very bad headaches and dizziness. But the weight is coming off."
"I was on reclipsen for years. For me, I DID make my periods lighter, and helped with severe cramps, and cleared my acne, boobs bigger. On the downside, I put on about 10 lbs, that I COULD NOT get rid of. I felt bloated all the time. I quit gluten, I quite carbs, my sisters thought I had an eating disorder. I had chronic yeast infections too. I finally went off it, and the weight FELL off. At first I attributed it to the fact I was walking more. But then I went back on 3 packs ago, and back up 8lbs. I&#039;m still still as active (per fitbit). It&#039;s back to constantly feeling fat and bloated. None of my clothes fit, my sleep is always interrupted. I&#039;m hot/cold/hot cold."
"I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. I have seen and dealt with the worst things human can do to one another. I&#039;ve been on this medicine for weeks and I&#039;m finally seeing the light. This medicine thus far has saved my career so I can save others."
"No change in PSA (still around 4) - sleep through the night though. No erectile dysfunction though however, cannot climax."
"Taking Requip from the very beginning caused drowsiness, which after 3 years has developed into sleep attacks and edema in my feet. Also, an allergic reaction with a rash over most of my body."
"Didn&#039;t work for me. No immediate side effects, but after a few days was really emotional, almost crying. Was not okay with that so I stopped."
"Definitely the best otc sleep aid available in the UK. I  found it to be a very effective short term medication."
"I must say that it helped with my neuropathy, but from day one, I had a terrible time urinating and was experiencing horrible nightmares. As soon as I discontinued it, these symptoms went away. I am on Zoloft now without any problems."
"I&#039;ve been battling heartburn for over a year. I&#039;ve tried diet changes, homeopathic remedies, OTC medications, you name it. My doctor had me on Protonix (maximum dose) twice a day as well as Pepcid (also max dose) daily, but I wasn&#039;t having any relief. I switched to a new GI doctor and he prescribed the Dexilant. Wow! The relief was felt after 2 days on the medication. I have been on it for about a month now, and I&#039;ve only had 2 episodes of heartburn in that time. Amazing!"
"Sure, I feel great. But I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds. I was 125, now I&#039;m nearly 150. I&#039;m a teenager, I don&#039;t need this. I don&#039;t even know why they put me on this drug in the first place.
Not to mention that my hands have been shakey and slow. I&#039;m an artist. This just isn&#039;t right for me."
"I&#039;m currently 27 years old. Just Had a baby girl. Mother of 3. Drs told me that I have to wait 3 months before implanting the IUD, Mirena. So I went ahead and got on the depo shot today. The shot was quick and painless. I haven&#039;t felt any symptoms yet. Will keep you updated. Im currently breastfeeding as well. So I honestly do not want any more kids. So hopefully this birth control won&#039;t be as bad as the reviews."
"Before being on birth control, I had light bleeding, but terrible, painful cramps, and I started experiencing migraine headaches from my periods. The first bc that my doctor put me on I immediately started having worst abdominal cramping that I ever felt. So, after six months, she switched me to low-ogestrel 28, the first month was fine, but now I&#039;m experiencing abdominal cramping again, and a little light headedness during the intense cramping, I take the pill in the morning, and the cramping happens, usually at night. I also think that its messing up my GI tract, because I&#039;m experiencing upset stomach &amp; diarrhea issues that I have never experienced before, I definitely will be switching to something else."
"I was on propranolol for about 18 months and went from approximately 20 migraines a month to five. Unfortunately a side effect I developed was cough-variant asthma. Made several visits to the doctor regarding the cough and his suggested that it might be asthma and put me on a daily inhaler. I did some research as I did not want to take a drug to relieve a condition caused by another drug. The side effect was not listed on my propranolol literature, but I found it as a cause for cough-variant asthma. I had to switch to verapamil, which is not quite as effective for my headaches, but my cough is gone."
"This is a terrible medicine, how it is getting positive reviews is beyond me. This medicine will make you sick as a dog!"
"I took Gildess Fe 1/20 for less than a month before I had to call my doctor and get a different form of BC. The first time I took it I had nausea in the morning, but I figured it was because I hadn&#039;t eaten much when I took the pill. I ended up dealing with vomiting, nausea, and dry-heaving while on this medicine. It made me really sick, and I couldn&#039;t take it anymore &amp; switched to a different form of BC. I would NOT recommend this medicine (based on my personal experience).

I did notice that this BC seemed to reduce my cravings for some foods, and I didn&#039;t necessarily notice any weight gain - if anything I think I lost a few pounds because of the vomiting and not being able to eat without feeling horrible."
"This medication saved my sanity and my life!! I have multiple severe autoimmune diseases so after gaining 45 lbs because of a horrible reaction to a medication, I didn&#039;t know what to do with myself. I tried everything I could to lose weight the &quot;natural&quot; way but nothing worked; my body and metabolism had changed. I hated the way I looked and felt. Thank goodness my family and SO were by my side but nothing helped me. I was THRILLED when I found out about phentermine. I did my research and even though there was scary stuff posted about it, I didn&#039;t care...I wanted this weight gone. And gone it went! 30 LBS IN 3 MONTHS! Yes, some people can have bad reactions but that&#039;s no reason to give it a bad review because it does what it&#039;s supposed to!"
"Well i&#039;ve been on depo for almost 8 years now, and the only benefit is I have no &quot;that time of the month&quot; but i&#039;ve had major weight gain, no sex drive, and I break out more then I have when I was in high school! It&#039;s a good birth control, but this last shot I had is my last. Not good for my health, you would have to try it yourself and see if anything happens to you. I suggest watch it closely."
"So I just got my skyla in today. I&#039;m not one for heavy periods usually nor do I ever get cramps. I tolerate pain quite well. I had my pap before the insertion and that was its usual pain but I will say the cramping from &quot;the pinch&quot; killed me. It hurt pretty bad but as soon as she was done it wasn&#039;t as bad but I could not get up for quite some time. When I did I was dizzy and went to the bathroom and threw up. It took about 3 hours for me not to be in excruciating pain due to cramps, but like I said I&#039;m not used to them at all. Feeling better now and hopefully this thing works out. I&#039;ve looked up a lot about it and see very few negative comments."
"I have use this medication for over 10 years as need. It takes some time for your body to get use to it but it takes care of my migraines faster than anything I have taken. I do use over the counter medicines to control the headaches that are not as severe or when I can bear it. I works great for me. It lets me continue living without the pain while managing the headache at work or on the go."
"I have been diagnosed with Dysautonomia &amp; Postural Orthostatic Tachacardia Syndrome and many other things but this medicine was my only option I can&#039;t take beta blockers because I need to be able to use my epi-pen and I had a bad reaction to florinef so we decided to try midodrine.
 It is a lifesavor!  I can&#039;t go anywhere or do much of anything if I don&#039;t take it.  I will pass out if I&#039;m not on this medicine, I&#039;m very pleased!  I do have to deal with flushing and frequent headaches but it&#039;s very much worth it the cost."
"This medicine is a blessing for me. I have gastric paresis and I also have Crohn&#039;s disease so I have had nausea. I have taken Reglan for a long time on and off and it is wonderful. I personally feel it gave me back my quality of life. If I feel sick or before I eat I take it and I do not get sick. I have had NO side effects. I just feel so much better. I feel normal again and I know other people who take this medicine and they feel better also. I usually take 3 - 5mg a day.. it depends .. sometimes I just take 1- 10mg a day."
"Took two tablets before bed and was up from 4.30am with the worst stomach cramps.  An hour later I passed what I needed to in three sessions.  The cramps continued for another hour but they did work well.  Will never take two again though."
"This medication is about as strong as aspirin or ibuprofen. If you take them longer than a few weeks you will also end up with withdrawal worse than any other narcotic pain reliever. It can make you sick to your stomach and if your prescribed too much it can cause severe seizures. If you&#039;ve never been on any other opiate pain relievers it may work for a bit but I&#039;d use extreme caution in doing so."
"Klonopin is a great, I went through trial and error to get it but my doctor finally prescribed it! Been on it for 2 months and it&#039;s been great, but people you still need to learn to cope while on it, it&#039;s not just a miracle pill. I give it a 9/10."
"When I initially starting taking the med I lost 7lbs in 9 days. My hopes were high for this medicine. But then...my milligram number was bumped up and that&#039;s when all hell broke loose. I had multiple panic attacks while driving. My memory was shot. I couldn&#039;t concentrate or even form a decent thought. Please weigh all options before starting this medication."
"Didn&#039;t do anything at all. Used it basically at the first sign of tingling, in combination with Zovirax. Both useless, ended up with a massive lesion on my lip that is still growing. Not sure why it&#039;s worked for other people and not me! Worst $30 spent. My home remedy of burning the beginning of the sore with Methylated spirit and Peroxide did a much better job for me in the past."
"After living most of my life with undiagnosed anxiety and thinking I was normal it wasn&#039;t till life got serious that panic attacks and severe anxiety took its  toll. After seeing many doctors etc one finally prescribed paroxetine and now life has never been as good. It took 2 weeks to build up in my system and it was like taking a fire extinguisher to the constant adrenaline hits to my stomach.  Definitely worth at try."
"I take Vicodin for menstrual cramps.  It is quite effective in eliminating the pain, but it does make me very sleepy and slightly out of touch with reality.  I found that caffeine counters this effect, but I haven&#039;t asked my doctor yet if it is okay to take caffeine with Vicodin (I read the warning label twice and didn&#039;t find anything mentioned there).  I haven&#039;t noticed withdrawal symptoms, but I do use a minimum amount and am not prone to addiction in general."
"Have been dealing on a daily basis with a chronic low grade anxiety and lethargy / tiredness"
"I take Xejanz for severe Rheumatoid Arthritis. I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 yrs. It is excellent for inflammation but doesn&#039;t do much for pain. My doctors do say they think it has stopped my progression which is 1st and foremost goal for those who have RA. I do not notice any side effects."
"My anxiety sky rocketed while on this medication so much that my doctor prescribed Xanax.  I was terrified and unable to sleep for more than a couple hours."
"I have been taking Advair 250/50 for going on 3 years and I love it! My breathing oxygen level stays in the high 90&#039;s and I haven&#039;t make a trip to the ER for not being able to breath after I started it. Highly recommend it even tho it is pricy"
"I started Sprintec after I lost my health insurance because of the low cost (definitely a plus). However I stopped taking it after the fourth night because it gave me such terrible anxiety, a migraine every night and mood swings like crazy. I didn&#039;t feel like myself at all. "
"I have severe back problems. I also have arthritis.  The doctors kept giving me narcotics so I felt like a zombie all the time. and hated it.  I decided to try some Aleve.  It eased the pain enough that I can actually go out and do things I did before the back problems. No worries about being too drowsy to drive.  Not everyone can take this and you should ask your doctor before taking it.  I was an emergency room nurse for 20 years and I never had a patient with an allergic reaction to this type of medication but it can happen.  The most common side effect is stomach problems so don&#039;t take it on an empty stomach."
"I have only been on this medication for three days and i swear i have never been so depressed in my life! I thought maybe it was my immagination (because obviously three days isnt long enough to actually get a feel for what a medication is like) but after reading the reviews depression and anxiety seem like a normal side effect. im considering stopping it already. I have absolutly no motive at all and im very irritable"
"Taro-Clindamycin/Benzoyl Peroxide Gel has changed my skin! I never really struggled that bad with acne, I started getting some pimples in grade 6 and I am now 18 and before I started using this I would have a few cystic pimples on my chin, I hated the feeling of them and I hated how they were so noticeable on my face, they really made me feel insecure. So one day my friend told me about this product and I started using it on Halloween day, it&#039;s now January 3 and I have not one pimple on my face and I haven&#039;t had one since I started using it! I had to ask my doctor for it and I&#039;m so happy my friend recommended it to me. It does dry out your skin a little bit but you adjust to the cream and it&#039;s so worth it!! I totally recommend this"
"Hello. I&#039;m not content with the rod. I got it in August. I have only bled twice since then! And I&#039;m sexually active. So I just had the biggest pregnancy scare of my life. This is ridiculous. I&#039;m over the rod. I can&#039;t take it anymore. I need it removed. And I will get it removed."
"I started this med three weeks ago, I feel so much better. I was afraid to take it. Im on 150mg and Ive taken celexa for 16 years 20mg. 1 mg ativan and was switched to klonapin 1 mg when needed  I like how I feel, I am more outgoing and lost 8 pounds so far. Not hungry much, just had a mild headache the first few days. otherwise good. You never know till you try. My hubby yells out Thank You Wellbutrin lol every so often. He notices a change"
"I started TriNessa Lo almost 2 months ago because I want to clear my acne. During the first month I didn&#039;t see any improvement. In fact I think that it even got worse. During the second month my face started clearing up. I am experiencing some side effects but I plan to continue to stay on the pill, hoping that my body will get used to it, and the side effects will fade away. 
My period was very light, and I experienced less cramping than before taking the pill.
Some side effects: I feel depressed during the first week (while I&#039;m on the white pills), and then this goes away, then my breasts get HUGE and hurt a lot. I can not stand moving without wearing bras. The tenderness and pain are awful."
"Used to treat chronic pain (idiopathic origin, but could be fibromyalgia/chronic fatigue).  Ease of use was fine, only side effects were stomach upset. "
"I&#039;m currently still on yaz because my mother won&#039;t let me off 
Of it. I&#039;m 18 and not using yaz for contraception but for depression and anxiety which I find horrendous that my doctor has kinda just gone &quot;you&#039;re a female it must be your period!&quot; Idiot. 
However yaz was kind of working at the start everything has gone downhill and now in my 4th month of using it I&#039;m thinking of stopping taking them against my doctor and mother because my periods irregular, I drink a lot of water but I&#039;m constipated daily, I have funny discharge, I&#039;ve put on weight, I have headaches and feel dizzy, closer to my period I get sick and feel like vomiting and I&#039;m not  happy these pills don&#039;t help me how they&#039;re supposed to they just hurt me."
"I got the Mirena IUD inserted one year postpartum, and had it in for 5 years. Insertion was slightly painful; it felt like a bad cramp for a few seconds. I experienced a lot of spotting for the first month on Mirena. My periods ended up being very regular, (26 day cycles) with spotting for 7 days every cycle. I only used a panty liner. I got cystic acne on a regular basis, which was something that never happened before. I also experienced moodiness, hair thinning, and my anxiety increased. The worst thing about Mirena was the 40 lb. WEIGHT GAIN. The best thing was that it worked well to prevent pregnancy. Removal wasn&#039;t bad; just a couple seconds of pain. Replaced with the non-hormonal Paragard IUD at the same visit with no issues."
"This medication worked for my anxiety but made me a complete zombie. I would forget things I was doing and just had a drowsy I don&#039;t care attitude. It got rid of my anxiety but interrupted my daily work routine because I couldn&#039;t think to function. 

I would only recommend if you are having extreme jump out of your skin anxiety, otherwise try to do things naturally. I started taking vitamins and working out regularly and my anxiety has gone down at least 60%."
"I used Hypercare for the first time 2 nights ago and the next day when biking I DID NOT SWEAT. I had been suffering from really bad sweating since the middle of 9th grade. By the time 10th grade started I figured that it would go away, it didn&#039;t. Almost 4 months after 10th grade started I decided to try this product. I was a little skeptical at first as I had tried almost every deodorant known to man, even clinical strength, and yet none of them worked and only made the sweating worst. However one day after using Hypercare I&#039;m no longer sweating even while doing physical activity. I&#039;m going to report back in about a week to say how it works in school since I feel it would really benefit those who check this site out."
"I&#039;m 14 years old and I have pretty bad acne which started about a year and a half ago. A year ago, my mom took me to the dermatologist to see what they could do. They prescribed me to monocyline (100mg) once a day. I cleared up in about two weeks and my skin was flawless. After about two months, my acne stared to come back. I got off the pill for about a month and resumed it only to find out it wouldn&#039;t clear up my acne anymore. I stopped using it over the summer and started again once school started but twice a day this time. It stopped breakouts from becoming as bad as they could&#039;ve been but didn&#039;t give me the same result as a year ago. My acne was still bad. All I am trying to put out there is stops working after a while. Good luck."
"I have never heard of this product until yesterday.I get terrible nausea with my headaches. I am on narcotics for the headaches, but when the nausea comes on, I am unable to take my headache medicine, because I just usually feel even more nauseas, because of this are times, I have to go to the ER to help with the pain and nausea. My husband had to work, and I just couldn&#039;t think about going to the ER and sitting in the waiting room for hours.I tried to get my doctors to call me something in, but again, I needed something now not later.My husband, brought this home, along with some tums and a product called nauzene.I was very impressed with the Emetrol.I am happy to say that, I did not throw up, and I still have half a bottle of this left.."
"Dulcolax did me an injustice. I took 2 and after 11 hours I almost pass out with an excruciating abdominal pain associated with loose bowels. When the loose bowel had stopped for a few minutes, I had to lie on the floor because of the discomfort in my abdomen. Shortly after I had to rush again to the bathroom again and again with this horrific pain. I wish I didn&#039;t take this pill because its&#039; side effect was too severe for me. I won&#039;t recommend it to anyone."
"I took Abilify for only three days, half of the minimum dosage a day, which is 2,5 mg, still enough to cause me a collapse in which I almost died! I quit immediately but I still experienced heart problems for the following two months."
"I have been on the pill for probably the past 3 years and I started with regular Loestrin and I had the worst symptoms nausea, mood swings and irregular spotting. My doctor then switched me to Lo Loestrin and I&#039;ve been on it for the past year and a half. I love it! No acne, light or no period, absolutely no cramps, minimal cramps, no nausea. It worked great! The only thing is that its 50 for one month but my insurance lets me gets three months for 60."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control going on 8 years. Never any weight gain or physical issues, but the occasional mood swings and PMS. Cant say if Ive had an increase in appetite. But totally worth it. Haven&#039;t gotten pregnant!"
"I have had severe back pain for over 10 years after two car accidents. I was also unable to turn my head without neck pain. After taking Cymbalta I have little to no pain. I pray it continues to work. It&#039;s amazing."
"Holy no.

I do NOT recommend this birth control medication. I&#039;ve been on it for three months now and I&#039;ve experienced:

Bloating
Breakthrough bleeding (heavy)
Headaches
Moodiness (anger)
Crying
Increase of Tourrettes&#039; tics
Anxiety
7/10 lower back pain
Weight gain 
Increase desire for all things sugar :(


And the blister pack itself is terrible! I&#039;ve never had such a difficult pack to use. 

I wouldn&#039;t recommend this medication whatsoever."
"I&#039;m pretty frustrated that they didn&#039;t have Xyrem for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome because it is such a huge help for it. Like many I have fibromyalgia and CFS (like a world renowned doc I have seen he believes that it is the same condition). I would just like to say that for 10-11 hours each day I now shower, get ready, take my son to school, take my son to his practices, go to his games, go on vacations, go places, do laundry, iron, wash the dishes, make lunches, take care of the dog, etc. Before Xyrem all I could do was lay and feel horrible. I take it&#039;s different than most because this is how it works for me. I have to wait at least 3 hours (due to digestion) after eating a meal before taking it. "
"At first I loved this birth control. I used to have a heavy period, with loads of cramps. Then I got on this and had no cramps and very little bleeding. The only downfall of this was after a week or two on it my breakouts became very bad. I have really sensitive skin so this could be because of that. But also, I&#039;ve read other reviews and acne was a side effect of this specific type."
"I have been on Paxil for 19 years, the side effects are becoming too much to bare so recently I attempted to wean from it, I became so physically ill and mentally disturbed I had to be hospitalized and put back up a dose to stop the withdrawals, now I have to take the liquid for to slowly wean off, it is worse then heroin withdrawal and methadone withdrawal both which I have over come cold turkey. I cannot get off this medication and it is sad because I want to have children but pregnancy is a no no while on Paxil, I&#039;m 34 I&#039;ve been on it since I was 15, I was put on it and never told anything about the addictiveness and withdrawals or any of the problems associated with it, it was a bandaid solution that has become a life long addiction"
"This is my first birth control. Before I started taking Lo Lo I had heavy periods and really bad cramps, so bad I had to leave school sometimes. Lo Lo has changed that for the better though! I no longer have cramps and I either don&#039;t have my period or it last for only one day. This pill is like a little miracle! Love it! Only problem I have had with it was when I got off an antibiotic I had small cramps for the 1st month back on."
"My husband convinced me to see a weight loss specialist when he finally got tired of hearing me talk bad about myself. Two days ago I went, got weighed in, 174 lbs... my scale said 175 but I&#039;ll take their number. This morning I was 170 lbs. Wow. This really works. I have to force myself to eat. The house is always clean. &quot;Put the sweeper up&quot; my husband said to me today. I feel WONDERFUL. My mood is a constant pleasure to everyone around me. My skinny jeans I wore before my car accident two years ago are gonna get on my honey one way or another! Only downside to the doctor is he&#039;s going to kick me out of the program at 155 lbs but I was 120 before the wreck and that&#039;s my personal goal."
"Good but not very effective for me (pain related to Lupus)..especially in low doses. I&#039;ve never taken opiates before and with this I still find myself in pain. I do better with Toradol."
"Qysmia is working for me!! On for 3 mths did trial for 2 weeks. My insurance covered it because my BMI was over the range so the cost per mth for me was 30.00. So I&#039;m almost done with my mths. And go back to my doctor for check up. As of now I lost 18lbs. I feel so much better. It really does boost your metabolism. You do get the tingling in your hands and feet sometimes. You get a little moody and sometimes you can&#039;t sleep. Most of all its helping me lose weight I haven&#039;t been able to lose in years! That&#039;s very important to me. Also drink lots of water no soda or alcohol. I also watched my bread and junk food. Try to cut carbs as much as you can. Try to walk around the block every night. Exercise with this really helps alot! Good luck!  %u263A"
"I&#039;ve been on antibiotics for almost a month which has left me extremely constipated. I took one Dulcolax pill last night at 6:30pm. This morning at 7:30 I had very mild cramps but lots and lots of diarrhea. I&#039;m glad it works but wish the estimated timeframe had been more accurate."
"My first ever medication I tried for anxiety and with unfavorable results unfortunately. Taking it the first week I felt slightly less anxious and ready to move. After this though, I started to can a terrible dizziness that would keep me locked in my bed for hours until it subsides. I tried using this in different settings, times and with different meals to see if anything was going to work but the dizziness was deafening. Had to come off of it after less than a month of feeling like I was on a horrible plane ride."
"On Bydureon about a year.  I&#039;m 57, been diagnosed type 2 Diabetic for about 8 years. On Insulin + Metformin.  Doc prescribed this for me originally because I just couldn&#039;t get my A1C below 7.0 even though my daily numbers rarely climbed over 130 even right after eating.

The Pros:  A1C dropped into the low 4&#039;s and remains at that level.  Lost 20 - 25 lbs and the weight has stayed off.  Pen device is not difficult to set up and use once a week, takes about 5 minutes max to do the injection routine and I&#039;ve only had 1 instance total in a year&#039;s time of a pen not working properly.

The Cons: HUGE needle that hurts. Bad nausea after injection and occasional itchy hard lumps at injection site. One major B/sugar crash - low 50&#039;s."
"I hated being on Yaz. It caused me to gain a lot of weight, so much so and so quickly it actually scared me. I was incredibly depressed and sad all the time finding myself crying nearly every day whereas I am normally a person who almost never cries or gets overly emotional. I had difficulty breathing and felt like my chest was weighed down. Anxiety and panic attacks became my daily norm. Another strange thing was it gave me little red bumps all over my face that weren&#039;t acne but just texture. I have been off Yaz for a year now and I still have the red bumpy texture all of my face "
"I have taken this medication for a few years now. It has definitely helped with the length  of my period.  It went from 7 days to 3 days.  However I still had the pms symptoms like nausea and pain.  I noticed that I am continually  gaining weight despite exercise.  But to be fair I am getting older as well.  So that would be my worse side effect so far."
"I&#039;ve been smoking now for 35 years and enjoyed smoking.  It gave me time to get away from the job during the day and take a breather lol.  But recently had bronchitis and a chest x ray found I have emphysema.  Lungs still sound good and my oxygen sat. are still high.  My Doc. said in time they won&#039;t be so he got me started on chantix. I started Jan 1 and I am still smoking but for my health I want to quit.  I&#039;m on day 6 today and have finally noticed during my lunch I didn&#039;t need that cig. Side effects dry mouth, slight sleepy during the day, and some mild constipation. Nothing I couldn&#039;t deal with.  Keep your fingers crossed it works. I&#039;ve never tried stopping before."
"I feel horrible right now. Only day 2 starting meds but massively depressed and totally drained no energy"
"The worst birth control I have ever been on in my entire life! I&#039;m extremely glad I found this site so I can see that other women are experiencing very similar side effects as I am! Due to an MRI I had to get done bc of a car accident my doctor was able to detect a nodule in my liver, I immediately got it checked out. It seems that the birth control caused fatty tissue to develop on my liver. My doctor wants me to get off the pill once I finish with this months batch. Since I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost a year, I get non stop bleeding that looks like a brown dried up color and it&#039;ll continue for the whole month until I get my period. I get mood swings nausea and loss of appetite.If you feel like something is no right please reach out to your GYN!"
"Started this medication about 7 months ago. At first I loved it. The side effects were minimal and it completely ended my period. A few months in, I began to experience constipation. Then the bloating came. My eating habits haven&#039;t changed and I only put on 5lbs., yet my stomach is huge. It&#039;s uncomfortable and it&#039;s to the point where I&#039;m so self conscious over it that I&#039;m stopping the pill today. I look pregnant and my clothes aren&#039;t fitting properly. It&#039;s not a good look."
"i&#039;ve tried EVERYTHING. armour did not work for me at all. neither did levoxyl. i know people who swear by armour. i&#039;ve tried generics. the generic made by abbott lab  worked really well (tbey also make synthroid). while i felt better on synthroid or abbott&#039;s generic, i did not feel NORMAL. 

much to my surprise, i feel normal on tirosint. i have energy i haven&#039;t had for more than 15 years.... i don&#039;t know whether my thyroid will stabilize with this -- but i feel the urge to exercise which i&#039;ve never had on anything else. my brain is clear and my vision is improving. 

blood levels were always &#039;normal&#039; on everything else. but that doesn&#039;t mean it was getting cell use.... too expensive, but i can&#039;t afford to keep feeling crappy or less than.."
"After 38 years of smoking, the time to quit came at the age of 50 for me. When I saw my youngest son taking up smoking and my brand too I knew it was time. For that is the way I started and history does repeat itself. When I asked my son not to smoke he just said &quot;if you stop I&#039;ll stop&quot;. I told him how niether the patch nor the gum worked for me. He told me of how Commit worked for a friend of his.
Well, I made the first attempt and gave up after three days. I promised him I would try again in one week, I did and now I have not smoked for 4 years and 8 months. And with commit it WAS easier than I could hope for. I followed the suggestions given and as I began to, as Dr.Oz put it, breathe free, I just had to go on. It took two months."
"I am diagnosed with PTSD, panic attacks and OCD.  I have been on this drug for 2 days and I think it&#039;s great.  I am again able to drive without getting into panic attack.  It frees my mind from OCD thoughts however it does make me tired.  I take .25 mg in am and .25 mg at night.  I am hoping the tiredness will go away with time."
"This pill is the WORST. I just started my third month and have so much stress and anxiety. The pill has helped with my periods but the toll it has put on my body is not worth it. I had started a new job around the time I was put on the pill &amp; associated the stress to my job and school, I was WRONG. My face is always breaking out, except when I&#039;m on my period (I&#039;m assuming is because I&#039;m on the placebo pill those 4 days). I&#039;m waiting for my third month checkup to allow my body to adjust to the pill but I will come off this as soon as I meet with my Doctor. I was naive and didn&#039;t do any research on the pill. After reading these reviews, I regret not looking into it and saving myself this emotional distress."
"It seems to help but I had a side effect that was unexpected and before I say this I am being totally for real about it. I had normal side effect of nausea but then a strange one. I became aroused and turned on very easily. This is not a normal thing for me either. Not that I am complaining just think its weird. Anyone else have this happen???"
"Had it inserted 12/3/14 and haven&#039;t stopped bleeding. My husband and I got to have sex for the first time in 2.5 months. I have period like cramping all of the time. Insertion was almost painless. I was hoping this would be the answer to my irregular periods after having my second son via c-section 4/14/14."
"worst flu I have ever had that turned into Bronchitis.  Doctor prescribed this - two tabs first day and then 1 a day for four days.  On my third day and incredible difference - no more scary cough.  I had no side effects, but it sounds like some people do."
"I am about to start my 4th month of TriNessa and to be honest my skin is nowhere near what I thought it would be. I can definitely say my skin has gotten a lot better. I suffered from very bad consistent cystic acne on my cheeks. Since taking this, it has subsided. However, I don&#039;t feel like I necessarily have less acne. I still get a couple cystic pimples and break out pretty badly the week before my period and during. I also have bad scars which I have been treating with peels. Although I have seen a huge improvement in my skin, I still do not feel comfortable without makeup. I was hoping by the end of 3 months I would have almost completely clear skin. I have had acne since about 12/13 and I am now 22. Any suggestions? Help please!!!"
"I was on 20 mg of Celexa for 2 years to treat anxiety (GAD) and OCD. With Celexa, I never had any side effects, and the only thing I noticed was my weight would fluctuate.My Doctor suggested Wellbutrin because it was weight neutral and also could help with ADD. I tried it for 4 weeks, which I know you should give it the full 6-8 weeks, however, 4 weeks was enough. I had horrible headaches, no appetite, felt like I was strung out, up days, down days,depressions (which I have never had), horrible anxiety, no motivation, horrible ADD, and the list goes on. I told my doctor, but she urged me to continue. Finally, my hair started coming out, and I was done. This is a powerful drug and I am sure it does wonder for people who need it, but not me."
"so far I haven&#039;t noticed a difference in my condition, I&#039;m on the 4th day and I&#039;ve had severe nausea and severe diarrhea. no appetite just the look of food makes me sick I thought I had a stomach bug u til I read other people&#039;s experiences with it. I hope it works for my infection I have but hopefully will never have to take this again it&#039;s brutal"
"I&#039;ve used Flonase and the generic with success for hay fever and colds, but using it daily for weeks causes nose bleeds.  I continue to use it short-term."
"I got my first Implanon at age 25 after the pill (many versions of it) failed me miserably for years in terms of side effects. I opted for Implanon because the hormones/chemicals are so different from the pill, so I was hoping for at least different side effects. Honestly I&#039;m very happy with the Implanon and I&#039;ve had it for 5 years now. It&#039;s done its job of preventing pregnancy perfectly.

As for side effects - there are side effects to ALL medication containing hormones, there are simply no exceptions, your hormone levels influence your moods, weight, appearance, everything. There&#039;s no way around side effects. I&#039;ve had long periods and a bit of weight gain, that&#039;s it. I can deal with that better than with a baby so hey, I win."
"I originally has mild pustular acne. I used Veltin for 5 weeks before giving up.  My face became red, weeping, stinging, and covered in cystic acne while using it.   I used it once a night as prescribed and would use Cetaphil lotion on my face morning and night to try to hydrate my skin. It got to the point where I did not want to go to work because of comments. Just putting water on my face made me cry.  Within 2 weeks of stopping my acne is back to mild and my face is healing with 2 scars from where it was peeling and weeping."
"Pristiq was a miracle for me. I was originally put on the 50mg and my mood drastically changed from depressed and anxious to happy and functioning. Do NOT forget to take it, though. I forgot to take a dose one day and I was a mess the whole day, and then when I finally took it again, it didn&#039;t work as well so I had to have the dosage doubled. Then I ran out and couldn&#039;t get in touch with my psychiatrist so I spent about a week off of it. Was extremely depressed and had to be watched closely by my family and boyfriend to make sure that I didn&#039;t hurt myself. Tried going back on it but it no longer worked. I&#039;m not sure if I hadn&#039;t had those mishaps with taking it if I would still be on it but it was definitely a lifesaver while it worked."
"When I was diagnosed with Sjogren&#039;s it was advised I start taking Plaquenil. I avoided it for months because I felt I had enough symptoms already without any side effects from medication. However it became quickly apparent that the fatigue and pain were not going to allow me to continue working being in my twenties at the time, this was NOT an option so I gave in and gave the Rheumatologist my consent.

6  years later, I have no complaints. I work full time and on the occasions that I forget to take my Plaquenil for a day or two, I notice a substantial difference; pain, unbearable fatigue, etc. and overall being unable to find energy enough to live my daily life. I am completely derailed without it."
"I&#039;m on my first cycle.  I usually do not have problems with acne but with Quasense, have at least one pimple all the time.  When one clears, another one shows up.  I&#039;m currently in the week with inactive pills and have noticed no new pimples this week.  Also, the first month and a half was okay, but then started spotting everyday that lasted until my period came during the inactive pills, so continuous spotting for 6 weeks.  Will try Trinessa next.  "
"I took Junel Fe 24 for a few months after switching from Lo Loestrin Fe. My periods were very irregular- maybe once every 3 months. They were light and usually only lasted like 2 days. They helped keep my skin clear which was a plus. My sex drive came back after I switched from the Lo Loestrin. My anxiety was still pretty bad. I had increased appetite and gained another 10 pounds. I was always bloated. I think I&#039;m going to find another birth control."
"I have been on this for 5 yrs now. I have this eye tic, my joints hurt. I wish read up on the side effects earlier on."
"I have been on medication for a couple of years on and off. I don&#039;t really think I get the full effect of it because I miss doses due to me working midnight shifts and this drug makes you very sleepy and hungry."
"After 6 weeks of taking Dulera, I find the relief effect wears down towards the 10th and eleventh hour.  My dosage is 2 puffs morning, 1 puff evening.  I&#039;m 78 years old, and an asthmatic for 76 of those years.

Compared to Symbicort, Dulera &quot;wears off&quot; (as above) slightly faster.   Each is a good maintenance medication."
"I went on this summer 2017.  Has done the trick.  Cigarette started tasting bad...Had a yucky taste when I smoked.  I couldn&#039;t get that relaxing feeling anymore.   Just made me smell bad.  I had quit before the month was over.  I wasn&#039;t a heavy smoker. Prob, 6 cigarettes a day. Hope this helps.  I continue on Meds because it helps my depression."
"didn&#039;t do much for my headaches"
"Was put on this after 5 days of no sleep with anxiety. It took week or two to kick in but has saved me.  I am much more level and less anxious, no sleepless nights although I do take phenergan (antihistamine )to help with that"
"Many men complain of mild stuffiness, headaches, nausea, palpitations, etc.
Advice: Try lower doses until the effect isn&#039;t enough.
Example: My Doc gave me a few 20mg Levitra to try out.  Did that. Love it but:
WHOA!  Way too strong for me. Stuffy nose, mild pulse racing, mild headache.
1. Cut dose by half, still a bit much for me, as side effects persisted to some degree.
2. Cut dose in half again, JUST RIGHT! Side effects almost un-noticible.

Same with Vardenifil. Sometimes all I need is a small &#039;chip&#039; of it to get&#039;er done. Dissolve under tongue. "
"Was given this medicine for upper respiratory tract infection. It helps the cough but makes you feel really out of it. With this prescription I have had headaches. I&#039;m on the 12 hour/1 tsp dosage. I would recommend that this drug before you go to bed."
"Hi I just wanted to share my experience as I found these reviews extremely calming and helpful. My method of birth control broke and less than one hour after the accident I had taken the pill. I had sex around the time of my ovulation which was extremely scary and stressful. The side effects I experienced were breast tenderness, headaches, tiredness, acne breakouts, and occasional cramping. The stress levels of my boyfriend and I were very high and I had no idea what to expect and so I did a ton of research to calm my nerves. I marked the date of when my next period was to start and it came right on the day! To those of you who are where I was, stressful and nervous please relax because it works :) thank you all!"
"I have had good usage of this medication as it has helped to reduce my high blood pressure."
"Had absolutely no side effects except for darkening of stool. Took pylera for 10 days with a full meal and a glass of water. Slept through all nights like a baby. 
Will see if pylera was effective in killing the infection."
"I was given this for edema caused from side effect of meds and side effects of my disease, Sarcoidosis.  It was used to alleviate the edema and help flush calcium from my kidneys.  I lost 8 lbs the first 3 days on the lowest dosage and I was staying well hydrated.  The edema was so bad it was affecting my Blood Pressure (150/110) even though it was only mildly noticeable. Within 3 days I noticed fluid from my legs, back and even chest were gone....didn&#039;t even know it was anywhere but my legs.  I did notice a mild nagging headache but not sure if it was due to meds or seasonal allergies.  Since med could make me tired, I was cautious taking Benedryl (only safe allergy medicine I can take) since I also took Xanax and Percocet.  However, I feel energized."
"This was my first time buying Abreva. I am disappointed. It actually made my cold sore bigger. It also spread. Right when I thought it was over, one began in a different place! That has never happened before. I&#039;m back to placing green tea bags on it."
"Honestly I was pretty scared taking this medicine after reading these reviews, but I took it and did not have one problem what so ever, also cleared my UTI right up ! Started off taking bacterium and had The WORST side effects, headache, dizziness, my body tingled, super bad headaches so they switched me to macrobid for 5 days and had no problems, ate with a healthy meal ever time I took it and drank lots of water throughout the day. Everyone is different, so I guess I found the one that works best for me!"
"I first started taking Toradol when I was in the E.R. for severe back pain back in 1992. In recent years my pain has gotten worse so I was put on it again. I do not take more than about one a month due to its side effects, none of which I have experienced. The doctor only gives me ten to last me at least ten months. All I know is without it I couldn&#039;t handle the pain. After about an hour it starts to work and I feel a lot better. I only take it when the pain is at its worse and I have trouble standing or walking. Just wish I could take it everyday."
"So I started this pill about 2 or 3 years ago and I don&#039;t remember my starting side effects then. But my first time around it was GREAT, I had really bad periods prior to starting this pill and lo loestrin caused me to not have one at all. I loved it and my sex life was flourishing with my boyfriend. In April of this year I had to stop taking it because I lost insurance coverage and couldn&#039;t afford it at manufactured price, instead I started taking a pill that brought my period back but it was barable. I started back on Lo loestrin in June 2017 and was already on my cycle from the last pill. I thought once I took my first blue pill of Lo Loestrin my period would begin to ease up but no, it&#039;s June 30th and I&#039;m STILL bleeding."
"I rely on this medicine and although it is expensive, it is great!"
"This medicine was so bad. I gave it to my son for sinus infection. During 6 to 7 am he came to me and complained about stomach pain and then all of a  sudden he ran to the bathroom and threw up a lot 5 times. We found out about the side effects when we all woke up !! This all  happened and it was day one of medication. Please refer another medicine."
"Life long migraines that were becoming more severe and frequent with age.  I was getting up to 10 attacks per month and using Relpax to stop the pain.  Doctor had me try Topamax 2x per day everyday.  Attacks stopped immediately - it&#039;s been amazing.  There have been some side effects that took time to get used to, but as compared to the migraine pain I would take the side effects any day.  If you&#039;re a life long sufferer looking at a maintenance medicine, I would recommend trying it."
"My doctor prescribed xyzal after my regular allergy medicine became ineffective and I was continually getting sinus infections over a couple month span.  I couldn&#039;t figure out why I was still showing allergy symptoms and continuing to get sinus infections while taking xyzal.  I decided to stop taking the medication after reading some side effects included sinus pressure, stuffy nose, and cough.  Within a few days of stopping the medication, my symptoms disappeared.  I found it interesting that some of side effects I experienced was the reason I began taking this prescription in the first place."
"120mg of pseudoephedrine in one tablet is quite a lot and to be honest I needed to have a valium just to stop the jitters and extreme energy this tablet packs - I&#039;m from Australia where codeine is sold over the counter and you can still get 120mg of pseudo in a tablet and it was definitely a case of the pharmacist making me out to be a criminal out to make meth....HOWEVER.

IT WORKS!!!!! amazingly. Absolutely no congestion, I could breathe well and I had no issues with a runny nose. Again, downside was I felt like I was legitimately tweaking a bit, but other than that okay. Definitely for a few days&#039; use at a time only"
"Does it work?  You bet it does.  I have suffered from insomnia for 18 years so I know when I&#039;m asleep or not.  This med is wonderful in keeping you asleep for 5 1/2 to 6 hours.  This med is also effective in getting you to sleep.  The downside.  My God is it drowsy.  I&#039;m usually a guy who doesn&#039;t  complain but this med makes you super drowsy.  In addition to the drowsiness, it will make you irritable because you don&#039;t feel good.  In conclusion, I would recommend it because the psychological benefit of knowing you slept slightly outweighs its side effects.  I hope this info helps.  Best of dreams."
"I began taking this pill after I finished breastfeeding and switched from Micronor. I began having cramps to the point I wanted to curl up in a ball and not move during my period, and I had 2 periods plus spotting in one month. Add that to the emotions I was experiencing (anxiety, depression, very quick temper) and I stopped taking this after 2 1/2 months. My husband noticed a big change in my moods and anxiety levels on this pill. I recommend to anyone trying this pill to pay attention to your mental health as well as physical."
"I&#039;ve been taking Tenuate for 2 months and I&#039;ve lost 13.5 pounds! I don&#039;t have any side effects. My doctor told me to go at least one day a week without taking the pill and I&#039;ve noticed that on those days when I don&#039;t take the pill I can eat like I used to. I&#039;m kind of worried that when I stop taking the pill that I would gain all my weight back. I&#039;ve read everyones posts and we all kind of have that same effect....you would gain weight back if you stop taking it. My problem is that I really like to snack ALL the time, but with taking this it really does suppress your appetite. If I eat a little too much I feel like I could throw up. So this pill really does work by helping you lose weight and to stop eating all the time. Try it!"
"My face has the acne. Dr gave me monicyline 100 mg. Use 2 times every 12 hours. After the 1st pill. I feel a lightly dizzy. I think it is ok. And i took the second pill after 12 hours, it made me more dizzy. And vomit too. I feel like flu. I cant walk around due to dizzy. Very terrible. I cant ues this medicine anymore."
"I&#039;m 19 years old, have 2 kids. I have been taking Zoloft 25mg since June of 2010 for anxiety, stress, and a little depression. I LOVE it. Before I was on it I was really bad, I could not go outside of my house without having a anxiety attack, couldn&#039;t drive or anything!  I tried to get over it by myself but I couldn&#039;t do it so I went for it and the first day I took Zoloft I noticed a difference (usually it takes a few weeks) the only side effects that I noticed was that I cannot sleep like I used to. If you are thinking about trying Zoloft make sure its a good idea for you, talk to your doctor and be sure to get as much info as possible and remember we are all different. You may or may not have any side effects, but it doesn&#039;t hurt to try. Good luck."
"I was just put on this medicine about 2 weeks ago. So far it has helped a lot with the nausea and a little bit of the vomiting (so far). It has also helped with my appetite a little, seeing that I can seem to eat only one meal a day, this will be a welcome effect if it keeps working or even starts to work better for that. 
The biggest hurdle or trouble I had was with the Insurance company not wanting to pay for it, I could not afford to pay it either (about ten dollars a pill, the entire 30 pills were almost 300 dollars). So after getting Prior Authuthority denied I asked my doctor to write a letter to the Insurance company stating why she feels I should be on it, it finally went through. So I would recommend this to anyone suffering! Stop SUFFERING."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been taking this medicine for insomnia since I was 8 or 9 years old (It&#039;s been so long that I can&#039;t recall exactly when I started). It is the only thing that can put me to sleep as my insomnia is so bad that if I don&#039;t take amitriptyline, I will be up for days. The only issue is that it does make me very groggy in the morning, but that could just be due to the fact that I am a teenager."
"I have been on over 15 different antidepressants across every category. I have taken monoamine oxidase inhibitors (Ensam), tricyclic antidepressants, SSRIs (several - Effexor, Pristiq, etc.) and nothing worked. I&#039;m taking Welbutrin 150 mg once a day (along with the Effexor XR still at 300mg) and it is incredible. I feel amazing. Unfortunately, after 3 weeks I developed hives all over my body that were itchy. While the itchiness went away after 3 days and the hives only come out at night now, my blood work shows I&#039;m having a bad reaction to it. I also lost 14 lbs in 4 weeks (a good thing). I do feel extremely anxious and agitated at times and can&#039;t stop wiggling my foot, for example. Combined with the Effexor (which causes too much sleep), my sleep is at the right length now."
"I&rsquo;ve suffered RLS for three decades. My father and probably grand mother suffered. My doctor, as a last resort, requested the Neupro patch. I&rsquo;m at 2mg at 2 months, and it has changed my life. But it takes time! It did not work like magic at first. But following instructions and letting it integrate gave me that &ldquo;magic.&rdquo; I felt groggy for the first month, but that&rsquo;s resolved. I sleep through the night, almost forgetting the violent RLS that lurks behind my patch."
"Lasted 7.5mo started July 2015. First couple months spotted every couple of days and spotty acne started. Period was normal for Sept, but then was non-stop for all four weeks of Oct. Serious acne formed into rough patches all over my face. My hair thinned out to maybe half thickness. Doctor said this is all still normal because it&#039;s the first time in 13 years I&#039;m without a daily estrogen dose so it&#039;s normal to have pregnancy-like symptoms. Normal period in Nov. Two week period in December, skin improving after help from dermatologist. January I had three separate instances of facial abscesses!! As in dime-sized open infections on my face!! Also, my January period lasted for 6 weeks until I had it removed in February. Awful cramps too!"
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for months. I&#039;ve had no side effects. I started at 250 and am currently about 218. I didn&#039;t want much in terms of food in the beginning but I find myself eating more now. Maybe it&#039;s because I&#039;ve added a daily 3 mile walk. Maybe I&#039;m just hitting a plateau. But I&#039;m not gaining. Happy to be down 30 but would like another 50. Slow and steady! But feel much better!"
"I have been on this pill for 3 months going in 4 and have had my ups and downs with it. The 1 month I experianced intense mood swings, I was crying and angry all the time and just wanted to be alone. The 2 month I was wondering why my acne wasn&#039;t going away but my moods had improved. Although I was experiencing breakthrough bleeding for 15  days I continued to take the pill. My period also brought cramps like no other. The 3 months I have been feeling sort of depressed but I think that&#039;s due to life not the pill. My breakthrough bleeding still occurred (some days light some days none) and my skin has improved. I lost weight on BeYaz. I am looking forward to what month 4 brings and hoping all of the negative symptoms are gone."
"I suffer from anxiety to the point where I am scared of things. It was so bad I wanted to pull my hair out. I was adopted when I was just a few days old, My mother ( who adopted me) died when I was 16. Life just seemed so hard for me. I was prescribed Klonopin and Ativan before Xanax, now I take Xanax and Concerta together and it really has changed my life. I work two jobs and go to college. I have become a superstar at work, winning contests and getting along with everyone, I rate this drug a 10 it is incredible!"
"Having been using this on and off since I&#039;ve bought it. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s only me but it has made my overall skin VERY dry. I&#039;m not complaining since I have naturally oily skin. However it is extremely tight-feeling and unusual. It also stings ALOT if you have removed hair on the day ie threading. I haven&#039;t noticed a difference on the thickness of my hair or any decrease in growth. After trading such positive reviews I do hope it works for myself and other women out there suffering! Really do wish this is the &quot;miracle&quot; cream it has been labelled since it was super expensive here in the UK"
"I started this pill a month ago and ever since then I&#039;ve had spotting everyday bad headaches and oily skin. "
"I have used Epiduo in the past. Veltin appears to help many people and be a great product, it doesn&#039;t help me too much! It causes my skin to be irritated, and I automatically started peeling like CRAZY after one dosage. Everyone is different, but if Veltin isn&#039;t working for you, try Epiduo!"
"Amazing! Had bad spots for years finally went to the docs and got this. Within a week most of my spots have gone and my skin looks the best it has in years! Recommend this to everyone!"
"I have had anxiety, panic attacks &amp; obsessive thoughts for years on and off. About 5 months ago I started to get horrible non-stop intrusive thoughts I knew the thoughts/fears/worries were nonsense but I couldn&#039;t turn them off. I was in a panic attack from the moment I woke up to the moment I fell asleep. I would wake up several times at night in full blown panic....it was horrible. I never ever wanted to take medicine I was so afraid of it not working or it making me worse. Zoloft has helped me so much at first I had a good day then a bad day  and I wasn&#039;t sure if that was normal. after 2 months the doctor upped my dose then a month later I felt better then 100% still a little anxious during my period  but very mild and manageable."
"I was prescribed Cymbalta for a combination of chronic pain from osteoarthritis and major depressive disorder with melancholia. I started with 30mg for the first two weeks, but had to stop taking my daily 1200 to 1800mg of ibuprofen and also quit drinking. For depression, it was amazing. I felt relief from my despondency within a handful of days, and that has continued through this, my third month. I had my dose increased to 60mg to try and get relief from the chronic pain, but it has not been effective for me in addressing that - thus my rating. For depression, I give it a 10, but for pain (my experience) I have to give it at best, a 3. After consulting with my doctor, he said I could resume taking ibuprofen at a much lower dose."
"I have had chronic pancreatitis for 6 years and have to be careful about taking pain medicines because I&#039;m a recovering alcoholic. In fact have to be careful about taking anything at all. But I was living in pain regularly and needed something for the chronic abdominal pain and the medicines given were a slippery slope for me. I was referred to a pain clinic where they set me up with Avinza. It has been a true blessing! I have no euphoria, drugged feeling, cravings or any problems or side effects with Avinza. It takes care of the pain for the full 24 hours, and I do have Percocet as needed for breakthrough. I have been on the regimen for several years now and have not had to increase the dose. It has given me my quality of life back."
"On 20mg for about two months with no concrete signs of improving depression/anxiety. Dr. told me to just stop taking it as I hadn&#039;t been on it very long so didn&#039;t need to taper off. After not taking any dose for 3 days, I woke up in middle of night with excruciating stomach pain and vomited off and on for hours. Absolutely horrible. I also think there could be a negative interaction between this drug and Concerta. Just my own personal experience. I hope this drug works for you! If not, there&#039;s are hundreds others that will."
"I just started taking this pill. I love it. It gives me more energy during the day, my working out lasts longer and I&#039;m not hungry. A "
"I took it for about 2 weeks  and one night I woke up around 230am with severe pain that radiated to my back with heavy puking and the pooping. Went to the hospital and they told me I had Pancreatitis and took me off viberzi. Spent 6 days in the hospital with IV Fluids and no eating . Horrible experience!"
"I&#039;ve been using depo and I&#039;ve had two doses of it. The first three months went fine. And I went back for the second shot and I&#039;ve been bleeding non stop for 2 months. When will the bleeding ever end ???!?"
"Love this and its only been three days. I have had acne since I was 16 and just put up with it after trying Proactiv, Chinese medicine, every brand of stuff from supermarket and chemist (well almost) the Dianne contraceptive combination pill, changing diet, washing face compulsively and also washing face less often! Nothing seemed to work! After having my son 3 months ago and frustrated with my acne I decided to ask the doctor! I got a sample tube of this miracle cream and noticed a huge improvement on first application, after half a day my acne was less raised and my older spots were healed with just a little bit of redness! Into my third day and I&#039;m so impressed, gained a bit of confidence back and feeling good about myself!"
"I have not had adverse reactions.  I find that it effectively drops my blood sugar significantly and effectively.  I also use metformin but it is the extended release type.  Linagliptin is great as I take it first thing in the morning before breakfast.  Metformin always needs to be taken with food which is not always convenient.  I know people on regular Metformin can become dizzy because their blood sugar went too low without enough food.
To anyone on this medicine, especially for the first month, I would measure blood sugar several times throughout the day to see if your blood sugar dips too low."
"I&#039;m kinda surprised at some of the negative reviews too. I&#039;ve had asthma all my life and this miracle drug put asthma in its place (not active). I get asthma from allergies and cardio exercises. Was given a sample by a doctor I used to work for because I kept using my ProAir every 30min throughout the day. After that sample of Symbicort, my life changed forever. I don&#039;t know what it is about this drug, but it only takes 2 puffs and BAM, my asthma isn&#039;t a problem until next year. 

Can&#039;t live without it. Its amazing stuff right here. I live by this drug (unfortunately) but fortunate that it gives me freedom from asthma for almost a full year. Problem free"
"I&#039;ve had implanon in now for about 4 months now. I have not gotten pregnant after numerous times of unprotected sex with my husband. I do however spot in between periods and as of recently I&#039;ve been bleeding excessively to the point where I have to change my pad almost every 2 hours and it&#039;s completely full or has overflown. Im also experiencing large clots of blood during my period. This has been going on for 2 weeks now. I have not gained weight of had any changes to my skin. I do feel week from the extreme blood loss and will follow up on it soon."
"It killed my beloved mother in July 2014 she was suddenly rushed by ambulance early morning hours. She had several ischemia strokes and had  uncontrollable bleeding after surgery she died to taking xarelto. Now I&#039;ve been turned down by lawyers because the death report said she died from C.O.P.D. and trying to find another law firm who will take my case the end results are death from this bad drug"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for 2 days and all I can say is wow! Is this what normal life is supposed to feel like? I was diagnosed with a chronic pain condition that is caused by a lifetime full of anxiety and the tightening and clenching of muscles that were not intended to be in constant use. The pit in my stomach is gone and I am actually looking forward to waking up in the morning and being able to face the day anxiety free!"
"I had terrible skin irritation and rashes from the patch. I still have some scars. I think it also caused weight gain."
"I&#039;ve been on TriNesaa for two years. I take it every day at the same time. I&#039;ve never missed a pill. It cleared my acne. I&#039;ve not had a pregnancy scare and this is the only form of birth control my husband and I use. I have not gained weight. Sex no longer hurts due to endometriosis because the pill had reduced the side effects. My only complaint is my constant mood swings, which changes in a second."
"After I gave birth to my son (eight years ago) I began having major depression. I have tried everything. I went to a new doctor because the other one just kept adding more medicines. I was on wellburtin, serzone, prozac, cymbalta, seroquel,ativan,and celexa. So I tappered off everything except for seroquel to help me sleep. I only need ativan once in a while now, all because she put me on lexapro 20mg. This drug started working within 3 days for my anxiety. It does make me tired so I take it at 4pm and sometimes I don&#039;t even need my seroquel. I love this drug! I can&#039;t believe I didnt try this sooner."
"Minimized coughing which allowed me to sleep but did not stop cough. Also, diarrhea multiple times . Not feeling great"
"I had a urinary tract infection so bad that when I pee it smells but when I started taking ciprofloxacin it worked it&#039;s a good medicine for a urinary tract infections."
"I use Fiornal #3 as breakthrough pain medication for my nerve pain in my back due to spinal stenosis.  I use this in conjunction with Avinza (Time release Morphine)."
"Got strep throat, the pain on my throat immediately disappeared after one day, and for the second the coughing stopped"
"Been on it for 2 months. Very depressed, no energy, don&#039;t care about anything, and so very tired all the time. Nothing new for me, so I will stay on it. Love that I don&#039;t need to smoke anymore."
"After a PCOS diagnoses camila was recommended to me to treat high blood pressure and regulate my cycle. It has dropped my blood pressure considerably but I either spot or have my cycle 80% of the time , I&#039;ve gained roughly 20lbs in 6 months and am bloated beyond period bloating. I only had 6 cycles a year before so I was doing better without"
"This drug has changed my life. I take 5mg only in the luteal phase and it has completely cured my severe PMT symptoms, I was anxious, paranoid, angry and tearful. I was pushing my family and husband away and falling out with friends. At the point of suicidal thought I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and contacted my GP. My only regret is not doing it earlier. I began on 10 mg but it was too strong for me, I was dizzy and hyper. After halving the dose it was like a magic switch being turned on and I immediately felt like my own self. I have no side effects coming off the drug at the end of my two weeks and just a headache for an hour when I restart them. No weight gain either, I&#039;ve actually lost 10lb cos I&#039;m energetic enough for the gym!"
"Been taking 2 Simcor tablets daily. Was on 10mg Lipitor and 145mg Tricor. Cholesterol was okay but my triglycerides went over 500. Tricor has been added to Simcor now. LDL and HDL did improve."
"I am a 31 year old mother of a three year old and decided to get Mirena about three weeks ago because I am just terrible at remembering to take the pill.  I was completely panicked about getting it in but it was fine...a little uncomfortable but it was quick and definitely NOT painful.  I had it put in while I was on my second day of my cycle and the bleeding stopped two days later.  Everything was cool till about a week later when I began &quot;spotting&quot;, which really just means I have not had light bleeding every day for the last 8 days.  Lame.  My sex drive is in tact, but I have had some light cramping and minor headaches (nothing too bad, I haven&#039;t even had to take pain killers)."
"Today is the sixth day of taking Harvoni. I have had Hep C for over 30 years, I am sure from  my wild days and sharing needles. 
I feel like something must be wrong with me. I am reading all of the other reviews and everyone is reporting no or little side effects. I have been on this for six days, the first few days were a breeze, but, the last few... I am experiencing, diarrhea, nausea, I am so fatigued, I can barely get out of bed. I am weak and dizzy. None of these will make me quit taking the medicine, but, I wonder how I will be able to do this for 12 weeks. I really don&#039;t have a choice, my numbers jumped from 4,000,000 to 10,000,000 and have cirrhosis. 
I hope I get to the part where I feel better and more energetic than before soon!"
"Please please read !!!! When I was younger my skin was good I would get a pimple here and there as a common teen, but later I broke out not bad don&#039;t get me wrong but I broke out on my cheeks,  a lot on my forehead. I would have tiny skin coloured bumps , they would go and come back here and there , so my cheeks I usually have got like at least 6 zits on them , my skin is soft but I have red spots all over my checks.  Anyway so let&#039;s get into tri sprintec I had gone to my  Dermatologist and he prescribed me some ointment and some sensitive skin facial cleanser and now I had been prescribed tri sprintec and let me tell you worst experience  EVER!!  I only last 2 days !!! Headaches and vomiting  ! Lost 12 p"
"I am so glad my doctor prescribed this for my severe anxiety and panic disorder. Finally some peace in my life."
"My 11 year old son has ADHD with anxiety disorder.  This medication has helped him manage his anxiety (he is much happier) and he is able to focus better on managing everything from time to his emotions.  He has better stamina mentally and can perform mental tasks for longer periods of time.  He is also acting more mature and being more responsible. He takes 2mg at night 1 hour before bed along with gummy melatonin to help him sleep.  He sleeps well and feels good during the day.  Overall this medication has helped him a great deal.  It&#039;s like it took him out of his anxious rut and gives him a better outlook."
"I have PCOS and hypothyroidism so losing weight is difficult for me. My Doctor prescribed Contrave 3 months ago. At first, the side effects were very difficult. I was nauseated and I felt really dizzy. At first, I didn&#039;t lose that much weight with it either; however, after about 2 weeks started losing weight and am currently down 25 pounds. I was very lucky as my prescription drug insurance changed at the beginning of this year and the new plan covers it with only a copay of $80 for a 3-months supply. I am thrilled with that. I have had constipation, but nothing that I cannot handle.  I would suggest this drug if you have metabolic diseases. For me, the cravings disappeared, but I feel my body is burning more calories in the process."
"This medicine only worked in the beginning. In the beginning it made me go like two to three times a week.  My doc increased the dosage to 290mg and I am miserable!!  With the 29g I am completely unable to go and extremely bloated and gassy. I look pregnant!! It is si depressing not being able to go."
"I am 25. I started using Butrans 3 weeks ago. It has been a life saver - I started taking it for pain after wanting to stop popping the Percocets. I was optimistic, but honestly didn&#039;t have much faith in it. To my surprise the Butrans has relieved my pain since day 1. If I do something that aggravates my back such as standing or walking for extended periods of time, then I get some back pain, but its really nothing compared to what I am used to. I am very thankful for having found out about this patch. It has influenced my life in so many positive ways so far. I was frustrated physically and emotionally prior to starting Butrans, I feel much more happier now. My pain is from spinal reconstruction to correct severe scoliosis - 2008."
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy in 1998.  I have been on Cylert, amitriptyline, Ritalin, ambien, and now Provigil.  The Provigil is a life saver. I did lose weight on it at first, but have leveled off and have not lost any weight since then. I have taken Provigil for 2 years now.  It is not an &quot;upper&quot; and does not make me feel drugged.  I take 200 mg in the morning.  It does not wake me up, it helps me maintain the wakefulness that I need to get through the day. Without Provigil, I would not have a normal life. I am thankful to have found this drug.  I would, however, like a generic to it that would help to offset the exorbitant cost of the drug."
"Took 20mg during a summer of very bad allergies when claritin and other meds were not helping sufficiently. Worked excellently for me. 

Only side effects I experienced were mild drowsiness the first few weeks on it and drying of skin and mouth, nothing extra water didn&#039;t fix."
"After 2 weeks of taking this medication I began an extreme itch all over my neck and body. This itch last about 3 week. Then severe back pain for 1 week. Weight gain. And extremely dry mouth and hair.  Had To Discontinue use. This medication scared me."
"I have been doing hours and hours of research on finding a product or solution to my cystic acne. watched everyone stories on youtube. I have tried everything like most of you, spent "
"I gave this drug rating of 5 because I have seen it do well for many people. However, I went CRAZY after starting this medicine. I watched 4 people take this medicine and do very well and quit smoking. If it was not for a friend that I had not spoke to in weeks calling me I would have done even worse. When she contacted me I explained my symptoms of fatigue, depression, and even crazier things. She then told me the exact same thing happened to her on Chantix. I have quit smoking before. My advice: Try this medication but HAVE SOMEONE WATCH YOU FOR SIDE-EFFECTS."
"I really like this birth control, which is a surprise after reading all the negative reviews. I just finished the first 3 month pack. I had absolutely no breakthrough bleeding, no crazy weight gain, and no other terrible side effects. It made me a little sick to my stomach the first week and that is all I have noticed. I would highly recommend this medicine to anyone who doesn&#039;t need a large dose of estrogen to keep breakthrough bleeding from happening."
"Diovan 80mg was prescribed to me. It did nothing for my blood pressure. I started on 160mg/12.5, this increased my BP from 140/90 to 160/107 and gave me serious side effects such as nausea, diarrhea, etc. My sister takes this medicine without any problems."
"The first few days I was on this medicine I felt I&#039;ll and sick and I thought it was the medication so I discontinued using come to find out I was coming down with the flu. So once I was over being sick I decided to give it one more try. I am so glad I did. Since restarting I have had no side effects what so ever. I have just started the full dosage and have lost a total of 15 lbs. so far. The only changes I have made is drinking water instead of sweet tea at supper. I live in a bad neighbourhood so I am going to buy me a treadmill so I can walk daily. The scale down program that comes with this is a huge help. I can see from day to day how my eating effects my weight. I would definitely recommend this medication to anyone."
"I was in the E.R. for pain associated with condition causing kidney stone {1 in each kidney}. I am severely allergic to all anti-emetic drugs (anti nausea/vomiting drugs) but I required a potent pain killer. I was given Dilaudid by i.v. having never been on anything stronger than Percocet pills the doctors were afraid that I&#039;d become very nauseous and vomit profusely and unable to be treated for nausea. To my relief it did the trick! I only vomited once, was prescribed hydromorphone 2mg. NO SIDE EFFECTS! I was to sick to see the beauty in everyday life, until now!"
"I&#039;m 19 yrs old going on 20 soon. I&#039;ve been using Tri-Cyclen Lo for 3 months now and I must say that this is the best birth control pill out there! I&#039;ve tried Diane before and I was nauseous every morning and I had to stop it before I could even finish a week. With Tri-Cyclen Lo I have not had any bad side effects, except an increase in breast size (Happy me!) I wasn&#039;t nauseous from it, didn&#039;t gain any weight, not much difference with my pimples, and most of all I haven&#039;t changed as an individual; no mood swings or change of personality. I&#039;m more than happy with this! "
"After a year of taking this, I have trouble speaking at all, severe sedation and constant irritability.  Also a dangerous lack of care about my personal affairs and suicidal ideation.  I&#039;m called &#039;stable&#039;, when really I&#039;m frozen in depression.  I will never trust a psychiatrist again."
"I, have anxiety issues eversince my teenage years.
And I have noticed as I get older. My anxiety has gotten much worse. 
 I have went back into the USAR. As of 2009. And my MDD, Panic Disorder and GAD (Social Anxiety) has shpwn it&#039;s ugly horns.
 I have missed taking an airplane for Annual Training.
Or have had numerous Panic Attacks while at the range.
 I was on Paxil 60mg for 3 months. The brain zaps. Didnt help. But still had debilitating PA. 
 So I have been on Lexapro 20mg n Xanac 1mg. Have greatly helped. But still had racing thoughts. And couldn&#039;t goto sleep 
  So, for 5 days while being on 15mg Buspar. Taken at night before bed. Has greatly helped me. With sleep. 
  No harsh side effects. I take the lexapro, buspar, xanax. Everyday."
"I lost 10 stones in 15 months - the first 7 stone came off easily in 7 months.
I was following a healthy diet - but found it easy to reduce my calories. I had loads of energy and felt great."
"I have been taking this at 20mg for a week and have went from decent to violently ill ...vomiting, the runs, crippling headaches, muscle pain ... I stopped taking it today slowly starting to feel better..."
"I started off with the pill but like most teens couldn&#039;t remember to take it. I went to the doctor &amp; she told me about skyla. Getting it was probably the most painful thing ever. My cervex wouldn&#039;t soften so I had to get the medicine to make it soften. I had really bad cramps for about 2 days &amp; even missed a little bit of school but I hate pain &amp; can not stand it. But I don&#039;t regret getting it because I really do love it. I still do get periods ever month but my Dr. said it was normal for Skyla. I love not having to worry about taking a pill or having to worry if something accidentally happens. I totally recommend this to every body,  especially teens!"
"I have suffered from Fibromyalgia for 20 yrs, diagnosed 11 yrs ago. I have been on Tramal SR for the past 8yrs. It allowed me to keep working although I now take the maximum allowable daily dose and sometimes have to top up with ibuprofen or codeine. If I miss a tablet pretty severe withdrawal symptoms but without it I wouldn&#039;t still be able to work. It saved my sanity."
"I&#039;m taking Bontril now. Today was a week. I have lost at least 3 lbs, eat 1/4th of what I did, and am more focused. While taking this you should drink lots of water because your mouth will be dry."
"Gabapentin helps me fall asleep, but I wake up always eight hours after I take it. It makes me feel a little groggy, but I use it for when I get sleepless nights. Fall in love people, your insomnia will go away. Everytime my soulmate is close to me I sleep like a baby!"
"I have been taking methadone for chronic pain for a few years now and I have had great success. I&#039;m so glad the doctor tried this on me."
"I started this birth control 6 months ago. In that short span of time I&#039;ve had THREE yeast infections. I&#039;ve never had one before and I have no idea what could of caused it other than this birth control. Only other downside is my period cramps are extremely worse than they were before I started the pill. Before it was 3-4 days of regular bleeding, with cramps on the first day. Now it lasts 2 days, barely any bleeding but the most painful cramps I&#039;ve ever experienced. Whenever those two days come around I have to stay home and normally take pills to sleep through it. That&#039;s how painful it is!  Other than that everything else was fine."
"This cough medicine is AWESOME for the nagging cough that comes with bronchitis.  "
"Horrible! Had a period every 2 weeks the whole time! Spotting regularly, terrible cramps, repetitive infections."
"Propranolol launched my career! I suffered from severe fight or flight syndrome during presentations, interviews, meetings and even phone calls. Symptoms included rapid heart beat, shortness of breath, sweating, weak voice, etc. I started taking these almost a year ago and have since been promoted to a director position, I present to our entire organization and lead meetings with our executive team - symptom free! I use 10 mg for meetings and up to 40 mg for presentations and interviews. I have also used 10 mg before a golf tournament and the 1st tee box jitters were completely gone.. The rest of my game still sucked but it felt good not to dribble the first one off the tee!"
"It has been day 8 now and I have had NO Cigarettes, you also have to put your mind to it that you really want to quit. I have had some vivid dreams but no nightmares. No other major bad symptoms that I have noticed at this point. I feel so much better already and plan to quit forever! I am 56 yrs young."
"I am on week 4. I am proud to say I have not had any side effects at all. Right away I noticed the difference. I would eat all day if I could and snack as well. I had Gastric Bypass back in 03 and gained a lot of weight back so I had gotten to 240lbs from 159lbs back in 04 however I had twins a few years ago. I am down so far to 227 which is great for a little under a month (13lbs) I will add in exercise this month and change to a even more healthier diet to see how much more I can lose. I think this is the wonder pill."
"No bad side effects so far."
"I have been taking Haldol for a long time and it has controlled my condition very well."
"Stay away from this drug it builds up tolerance and then you&#039;ll have excruciating withdrawals"
"I took Azurette for about 4 years. During the first 3 months I had terrible mood swings and acne. My sex drive also decreased significantly. I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain. My periods were light, lasted about 5 days, predictable, and no spotting."
"I was put on Multaq after 1 episode of afib.  Since then I have experienced nausea every night, loose stools several times a day and headache.  My out of pocket from insurance last year was $20 for 3 months from express scripts.  This month for a three month supply was $647."
"I am a 55 year old male with rare seizures. I have taken regular Tegretol in the past, but didn&#039;t like it because of the side effects with fatigue, confusion, and memory loss. I have been on Tegretol XR for the last five and a half months, and have been very pleased. The side effects seem to be much less and allow me to function much more normally. "
"I had extreme swelling at injection site, muscle , joint , nerve pain continuing and still there four months after injection. Very limited use and movement of the arm where injection was done. Inflammation caused plaque in arteries to break loose and clog arteries resulting in two stints having to be placed in heart. I still have pain in neck and shoulder muscles......"
"I was put on toprol xl 10 years ago by a cardiologist. The ecg showed all the problems I had. The doctor ordered toprol xl 25 mg. Within 10 minutes after taking it, my condition had stopped, the heart was beating normally."
"I had spent much of my time outdoors in the windy and dry plains of Co. My eyes stayed dry and painful. Eyedrops gave relief but symptoms would return so my doctor prescribed Restasis. It had the same results. I realized that even though I was no longer in a harsh environment my eyes had become conditioned and addicted to Eyedrops and Restasis! I learned that it is a very common addiction, including the body&#039;s craving and withdrawals from the substance. Restasis is nothing but an unnecessary addictive drug and the drug co. knows it. It should only be used while you have inflammation just like any other anti-inflammatory med. Overuse of anti-inflammatories is like overuse of anti-biotics. We know what happens when we do that. Effectiveness decreases"
"Had this drug with my colonostopy. I remember a tingly feeling in my arm before  fell asleep. Woke up 40 minutes later. I felt so good I asked the nurse if this stuff came in a six pack"
"I am only on my 4th day and am already down 7 lbs! Female, 34 yo, start weight 205. Current weight 198! I am 5&#039;6&quot;. No major energy increase noticed. Some excessive sweating, Really great  moods! Less sleep requirements, need about 5-6 hours now when I used to sleep a minimum of 10. So far so good! Will update in two weeks!"
"Horrible abdominal pain.  I was only able to take 3 doses before I had to discontinue.  The abdominal pain was similar to my 5 day appendicitis pain that I had prior to having my appendix removed."
"I absolutely loved the Mirena and highly recommended it to anyone. BUT I have had some side effects which I am starting to believe they are from the Mirena. I have had it in for 1 1/2 yrs and now I am thinking about having it removed. Insertion was fine, no cramping, no acne. I did gain weight but can&#039;t say if its from the Mirena. You can&#039;t tell it&#039;s in, its a great birth control. I actually got it in because my periods were very very heavy and were out of control. I have been experiencing anxiety the last 6 months and I have no idea why and seems to be getting worse, I have seen my ob and family doctor and they said I should have no side affect like this (anxiety).  I saw a new doctor, and she said it can. Daughter thinks I&#039;ve been moody since I got."
"I quit my birth control basically cold turkey which caused depression and panic attacks on a daily basis for over a month.  I couldn&#039;t get in a car without having an attack.  My doctor put me on sertraline and my depression lifted after about a week of taking it. It took a good month to actually work on the panic attacks.  I honestly did not think anything would help and that I would be reliant on my Ativan for life.  I haven&#039;t had to take my Ativan in about a week which is amazing!  The only noticeable side effects for me are restlessness and insomnia in the early morning.  The benefits far outweigh the side effects for me though!"
"Life changing. Amazing. I was doubtful having tried laser two separate times. I&#039;ve been using this for about 2 months and it has reduced the facial hair growth so much I am shocked. I just got my second tube. It&#039;s expensive, and my insurance would not pay for any of it, but its worth it."
"I have been on Strattera for almost a year. This is the only ADD medicine I have tried so I do not have experience with others. It helps me focus in on one thing and gives my brain a rest from all the thoughts. It also helps me sleep at night because my mind is not wandering. 
Some side effects I have experienced is weight loss (almost extreme from 120 to 100 in 5 months) although I have gained about 5 pounds back and am still working on it. 
Also I am very thirsty all the time, so keep water with you everywhere! . Lastly I have to take it on a full stomach or else it will give me a severe stomach ache.
Overall, this medicine has really helped me be able to enjoy life and want to spend time with the people I love!"
"Best medicine around.  I have been in a trial study for 5 years with Stelara, it has been wonderful.  I have been 100% clear for the 5 years.  No real side effects.  I had my last study dose in September 2010, I broke out in January 2011 just a little.  I go to get my shot again in February 2011.  I can not wait."
"I have been having pain for 5 months now after a bad dental experience. I thought it was my teeth that was causing all of my pain. I felt hopeless with no other options left. No dentists knew what to do. I went to my doctor and said I possibly have nerve damage from the numbing shot (I have permanent numbing too).  This medicine has taken away my tingling feeling from the numbing (although it&#039;s still numb, it&#039;s not annoying).  The shooting pain through my jaw is gone and my throbbing is gone too. WONDERFUL. I do feel a little dizzy and loopy but I&#039;m so happy."
"Just started taking this med again. I&#039;ve been on more than I can count over the years. The only downfall I&#039;ve had is the daytime foggy feeling which I&#039;m hoping will subside over time. I&#039;ve only been taking this less than a week and my depression symptoms have greatly improved as well as I sleep well every night. Appetite has gone up for me as well but not a concern for me at this point. Very happy overall. I will post again in a few weeks to give another update"
"I&#039;m a 51 year old health professional. In 1983 at the age of 17 I had my gallbladder removed (cholecystectomy). Although my painful gallstone attacks ended, like others I began suffering irritable bowel symptoms for the next 25  years. These frequent bouts of cramping and urgent diarrhea impacted my work, travel and social life. In 2010 I changed my GP and he recommended the off-label use of Wechol as a solution to my GI problems. I cannot overemphasize the profound and positive impact this drug has had on my lifestyle. If you&#039;ve had your gall bladder removed and are having GI problems, please talk with your doctor about this medication."
"I was only taking 600mg (2 x 300mg) an hour before bed. I overslept every day while taking this medication. I also felt groggy in the morning, stumbling to bathroom when I first wake up. Did not really help with anxiety or my mood."
"I have taken this birth control for several years now and I&#039;ve never been happier. I do not get my period while I am on this pill, like at all. Not even a spot. I thought that was something to be worried about so I spoke to my gyno, and he assured me that it&#039;s normal for some women to not get their period at all while on lo lo. I didn&#039;t gain weight, I didn&#039;t get acne, and I didn&#039;t have emotional issues. The only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is once a month my libido increases like anything for 2 days!!  That&#039;s it."
"First I tried Ambien, loved it! But after a week or so I started having a reaction of itching so they stopped it. Then on to Lunesta it gave me a headache every morning but it did make me sleep.  They stopped it. Then on to Temazapam 30 mg. It works within 1-2 hours. I sleep good for 6-8 hrs. Usually, sometimes I still will have trouble falling asleep or waking in the night but it&#039;s not every night so it&#039;s an improvement!"
"I took it for 5 months under prescription because of work related anxiety and developing sleeping disorder. The side effects: low mental capacity, low will power, emotionally dead, no libido, and memory and concentration impairment, and really feeling down.  My psychiatrist insisted that the side effects are actually manifestations of my anxiety. But my mental and emotional health were going down. &quot;It will work eventually&quot; he said on our last meeting. One day l  crashed my car against a wall. I stopped immediately the medication, went through one week or so of withdrawal hell. I quit my job, went on a holiday and never took a pill again. It took me two years to restore my abilities, partly because of anxiety, but mostly of Zoloft."
"I tried a cream OTC, which didn&#039;t work. So I called my doctor and he prescribed this. AMAZING medicine! Within 24 hours my infection is gone and I feel human again! I experienced no side effects. It&#039;s almost like a wonder pill!"
"I just got my Implanon removed today and I instantly felt better (maybe it&#039;s mental) but I had the worst experience with this birth control. I stopped getting the Depo shot after 2 years because it causes bone thinning and switched to Implanon. The insertion wasn&#039;t too bad. I had irregular periods at first and then I started getting really heavy periods that would last me 2-3 weeks. I ended up keeping it in for a year and a half because I thought it would start becoming more regular. I didn&#039;t experience weight gain although I was very depressed and moody, no sex drive which contradicts the point of having birth control! Also since I was bleeding all the time I was always tired. I feel so much better now switching back to the shot."
"48 year old firefighter (I&#039;m not one to give up), dealing with Fibromyalgia symptoms for the past 5 years. Doctor prescribed Savella, been on it for three weeks and wow, what a noticeable difference when I miss a dose.  It doesn&#039;t completely take away the deep muscle pain and stiffness but it does help keep the pain tolerable so I can function, especially during cold wet weather changes.  The most notable side effect for me was the sweats (excessive sweating spells) and dry mouth, both are side effects I can live with."
"Lamictal has been a life saver. Started when I was 18, after 4 years of unsuccessful treatment plus 2-3 years of emotional instability not treated. Started lamictal and I finally felt like &quot;the person I was always supposed to grow up to be&quot;. I do get the &quot;morning woozies&quot; when I increase the dose for worsening symptoms, but I have been more or less in remission. Very minimal side effects, and generally effective as stand alone maintenance drug."
"I&#039;ve always been quite underweight and absolutely hated it, tried this years ago and quit a few pills in due to the tiredness caused. Gave it another shot 6 weeks ago and have gained a stone already (usually impossible!). 
 I&#039;ve been taking one a day which is a low dose and my appetite has easily doubled. I used to feel full half way through a meal and feel anxious going out for food in case I couldn&#039;t finish it. Definitely not a problem anymore. I&#039;ve given it a 10 as it has made such a huge impact on my self esteem already, and unexpectedly resolved what I believe to be urticaria over night. The only downside is the tiredness; makes getting to sleep nice and easy but waking up is so difficult! Long way to go still, but very happy so far :)"
"I&#039;ve suffered from insomnia for years, and have tried everything.  I take melatonin, neurontin for RLS, klonopin.  Now I&#039;ve added Belsomra.  It&#039;s not magical, but it&#039;s better than the hypnotics:  Ambien, for example, had me awake and doing everything under the sun BUT sleep:  rearranging cabinets, cooking food, eating food, emailing things I didn&#039;t remember, etc.  What I like about Belsomra is that it does seem to KEEP me asleep; I don&#039;t wake up during the night once I am asleep.  It&#039;s definitely not worth the high cost--but I think the ridiculously high cost is because of the ridiculous way that it&#039;s packaged!!!!!"
"I started taking this because of the painful cramps I get once a month. I&#039;ve only been on it for a little over two weeks, and my typically clear face is now covered in cystic acne that nothing seems to get rid of. I feel tired and just want to spend my days sleeping or resting (even when I get 7-9 hours of sleep at night!), I&#039;ve gained a few pounds each week, and now I&#039;m getting painful cramps (the reason I even started taking this stuff) weeks before my period is supposed to start. I went online and realized many women are having the exact same symptoms as me! I wish I would have read reviews before just doing what my gynecologist suggested. I do not recommend this to anyone!"
"So I got the liletta about September 2016 and the insertion was super painful for me, during and after. I got out the doctor and felt super light headed and the cramps were terrible I had to sleep for the rest of the day my cramps literally lasted 3 days. I mainly got it because I have fibroids so I needed something to make me bleed less. As I thought the liletta was suppose to give me less periods granted my periods are lighter before my periods would last 6 days but after I started this IUD they last for two weeks! I barely have any time to get intimate because I&#039;m always bleeding and it&#039;s uncomfortable for me. I&#039;m already going to have 6 months in and I think I&#039;m going to remove it. Everyone is different, but it&#039;s a no for me."
"I was shocked when I woke up from my C-section and was very coldly told by my robot nurse that I was &quot;allowed&quot; 4 injections of TORADOL for having my gut ripped open and 2 children taken out. Please! Toradol won&#039;t even kill a migraine. Just because some big pharm study came out falsely proclaiming that an anti-inflammatory is more effective than IV opioids for post op pain is utter BS. I was miserable, crying and the hospital wouldn&#039;t even let me have 2 Advil except every 4 hours! there is something seriously wrong with our health care system when Toradol is considered first line pain control after ANY invasive surgery. are these people crazy? I left the hospital because they were simply making me more upset which aggravated my pain further."
"I have been taking Symbyax for 3 weeks. I cannot believe the difference its made in my life. I was always against anti-depressants since all I had tried made me feel worse. I haven&#039;t had energy or motivation like this in, I cant remember how long! It is hard to wake up if I take it too late in the evening. I&#039;m afraid of the weight gain but I think it would be worth it. I am only giving it a 9 since it is so expensive and I have no insurance."
"Relief was immediate and dramatic."
"A few of my friends and I who are on it (we work in a hospital and all started taking it) plateaued at 25-27 lbs. So, a couple of us stopped taking it, maintained what we lost, and are going to start it again. The reason is that the longer we were on it, the less we felt that &quot;I&#039;m hungry but nothing sounds good&quot; feeling that curbed our appetites. Will go back on soon. I went from 314 lbs to 288 lbs - maintaining about 291."
"I love this method of birth control.  I have had very heavy periods and cramping since I was 11.  Mirena has virtually erased my period.  I have had some light spotting on and off since insertion 2 months ago but that&#039;s a small price to pay.  Zero cramps.  Zero!  No crazy side effects like what I experienced on various brands of oral contraceptives.  
I have 2 kids and that&#039;s enough so I&#039;m happy that I don&#039;t have to worry about birth control for the next 5 years.  
Insertion was a breeze.  About 30 seconds of heavy crampy pain and light headedness but then I was fine.  I didn&#039;t take any of the painkillers that my Dr. supplied me with prior to the procedure."
"This med is MAGICAL. I&#039;ve expirienced really bad relationship with food and my body. Since I was 18 I used to gain weight and was trying to drop it sometimes with laxatives, sometimes with really awful diets that made me binge overeating all the time. I went to gym, working hard but then coming home and eat everything that I could find, even food that I dont really like, I was crying telling myself that tomorrow I&#039;ll change my live. It has been like that FOR YEARS. I hated myself, lost all my friends, never could build a relationship with men who loved me (I didn&#039;t believe that somebody can love me). Now (on 20 mg Prozac) I am happy, drop all the weight that I gained, I love a man who loves me and really enjoy my life. Give it a chance!XOXO"
"I have been using epiduo for two years and the key when you start is to ease into it using it every couple days and then every other day and then every day. This way it doesn&#039;t burn like hell. I&#039;d say it took me about a month of easing into it before I used it daily. Also if your skin is really sensitive use all your moisturizers and creams first and wait ten minutes then apply epiduo last. It won&#039;t be as effective but also won&#039;t be as harsh. I like to use face masks for moisturizing so I use epiduo in the morning with a moisturizer and sunscreen. At night I use a sheet mask for moisture. It&#039;s a good balance for me. For all those starting out give it time and don&#039;t try to rush it cuz it will burn hard core if you use it a lot."
"I kept waking up"
"Was prescribed simvastatin, but after taking it for 6 weeks I became very ill (freezing cold and shivering) and not really knowing what was happening to me. After visit to doctors was admitted to hospital as emergency with liver problems. After blood tests the nurse confirmed it was the simvastatin that caused the problems. It made me diabetic, in fact caused everything in my body to malfunction. So pleased I stopped taking it immediately. It caused bile and biliribin levels to go through the roof. Happily after six months and operation for blocked bile ducts, everything has slowly got back to normal (not diabetic now either)."
"I am 25 years old. Just started taking loestrin 24fe. Took it a week before my peroid. It&#039;s been two weeks since then. No period yet. Haven&#039;t done the deed yet so I dont know how effective it is. Started taking it due to being married soon (next week in fact). 
The problem Is I&#039;m having shortness of breath and pain in my knee (thought it was pain due to walking home from work everyday, now not so sure. Could be a possible blood clot. My calf is hurting as well. I&#039;m going to continue to take my pills but have compression socks on from now on to limit the clots if I have any.
I&#039;m healthy (except I have synthyroid) only 25, so I shouldn&#039;t be having problems like this right? I&#039;m keeping my legs over my heart as instructed to lessen the pain."
"I have been on 400mg of Seroquel XR along with my antidepressant for more than 1 year. Initially the medicine worked great for my Stress, Delusions and helped me sleep well in the night. Lately the anxiety has returned and I have severe anxiety during the day time. In the night I pass out so don&#039;t feel much in the night. However this medicine has caused me gain a lot of weight. I would say I have gained about 25 pounds since starting the medicine."
"Currently, I&#039;m 26 and had a laparoscopy done in May, receiving my official diagnosis with endometriosis. Birthcontrol options like Seasonsique actually made the pain worse and I bled constantly so my doctor prescribed Necon non-cyclically: take it for three months straight and then have a period akin to Seasonique. It has worked wonders for me after four months: no spotting or bleeding in between, only minor cramps at beginning of my period, period is lighter, I haven&#039;t gained weight from it, and my acne cleared up by month 3 (full disclosure: it made it worse for the first month, then it cleared it up). It did negatively affect my mood for a couple months but I&#039;ve bounced back to normal."
"My experience on Seroquel nearly cost me my job as it turned me into a ZOMBIE!. Since going off the drug I am fully functional. My head is clear and I have energy to do things.
I cannot believe my Dr prescribed me an antipsychotic drug such as seroquel. Colleagues observing me thought I had undergone a major personality disorder. I have been off it for a month now and not missing it one bit."
"I think this was the worst pill I could have ever tooken. It caused my periods to stop completely and also my sex drive was GONE. Cause issue with me and my husband and also caused hair loss!!!! Yes I&#039;m 25 years old and my hair is falling out!!!! I&#039;m talking about my hair is falling out in chunks! Not like one or two strands - no I can&#039;t even brush my hair anymore!"
"I have been taking Yasmin birth control since I&#039;m 15.
There was a few times where I had stopped taking it because -life- couldn&#039;t afford it at a younger age and I am SO forgetful 
I have 2 kids but I wasn&#039;t taking the birth control at those times. From me taking the pill till getting pregnant took about a year.! 
Both times
I started taking it again recently and I&#039;ve been losing weight. I have lost 10lbs. 

It doesn&#039;t cause acne. 
I don&#039;t feel lazy or drained taking it 

I do recommend this birth control I think it works great, from regulating a period to not getting pregnant!"
"Absolute gold. "
"Mood swings 8-10x @day very bad to to the point checking out hit me 4-5 x @ day.NO THANKS keep it nucynta def not for me.?"
"I&#039;ve only been on my first month of this patch. But I hope my review will still help. I usually put it on my butt-cheek and alternate sides each week.
The first week was fine, the skin around it after taking off was kind of irritating, but that was no big deal.
Second week, nothing unusual happened, my sex drive increased, but I would wake up in the middle of the night for some reason.
The third week was the worst week though, I had mood swing, light cramps and anxiety.
This fourth week, It&#039;ll be my off week, I hope my period comes normally (since I have been having abnormal cycle for the past 2 years)
So far, I am satisfied with Ortho Evra. I am usually forgetful, changing it every week is very convenient!"
"I have rheumatoid arthritis for the past 20 years. I used to take diclofenac sodium 100mg per day. When I got better I stopped for 3 years. Now again stated once in 3 days and now every night after food one 50 mg tablet. I have not experienced any side effects. Inflammation in many joints has reduced. I am 48 years old."
"I got my iud inserted on November 18 2015. I read all of these horror stories on this site and it got me freaked out to get my Iud inserted. I have had one child so insertion was absolutely painless for me. The procedure was quick and the doctor talks you through everything. Take some medications before and relax! I have had absolutely no cramping or spotting after my iud insertion. The only thing I have noticed is sometimes I&#039;m slightly more irritable. Do not let these stories scare you into not getting an iud. Most people don&#039;t write about the positive experiences just negative."
"I started on the medication and it worked fine. A month later if i didn&#039;t take it i would get huge mood swings and usually start crying about everything. in those mood swings i usually felt like i was worthless and couldn&#039;t do any thing right."
"Hysingla really keeps the pain level from my fibromyalgia in check. I no longer feel I am on a pain scale roller coaster. I stay around a 3-4 most days. Others sometimes a 6 but no longer am I at an 8-20 on the pain scale. I also love that I don&#039;t feel dopey or tired from the hysingla version like with norco."
"Amazing. First one I used lasted for the longest time frame. Only thing was the shots were annoying.  After the Enbrel, each one I used or tried I had an allergic reaction to. About 6 different ones I finally gave into the prospect of having a premed to help accept the medication. Currently on Actemra with premed of Solumedrol. Helped for about 10 months the medicine was increased to maximum dose. 1st down and praying for continuing relief. I hope this helps. As each medication change the SULPHASALAZINE and methotrexate has always remained as a stable medicine treatment in my plan with only one exception."
"It truly is a miracle. Only thing I&#039;ll add differently, I wouldn&#039;t take it before an exam, as it kind of makes you a little foggy with the thought process. People can typically deal with this anxiety because its not speaking in front of people but definitely take it before speaking."
"Smoker of 35 years.  2 packs a day the past 2 years.  This product definitely curbed the urge enough to help get me off of them.  Did experience nausea and diarrhea the first 2 days.  Then trouble sleeping.  LOTS of trouble sleeping, still on the pill (1 month now) and averaging 3-3.5 hours a day at most, but WORTH losing the habit.  Rated this drug a 9 only because of the sleeping side effect.  It WORKS."
"This medication will help with my migraine headache for the day but I wake up and still have a terrible headache once the medication subsides.  I seem to get terrible rebound headaches and have to repeatedly take this medication hoping each day that I will be free of the migraine.  I am now on day number four.  I was told it was supposed to be better than imitrex because it would not cause rebound headaches but it doesn&#039;t work for me."
"I&#039;ve heard nothing but good things about this form of birth control, so I decided to give it a try. It is implanted and lasts for about 3 years. Being a 21 year old college student, that was perfect. I&#039;m going to warn you, the implantation process hurts. I have a high pain tolerance and it was painful. Not worth crying over, but definitely painful. My arm hurt for like a week after the initial implant. I kept my arm wrapped, for more cushion and support. If I would move my arm a certain way I would feel a sharp pain shooting in my arm. After about a week the swelling and bruising went down and no more sharp pains. I had no other side effects. No emotional changes, no weight gain, no acne, ect. Minor abdominal cramping, but that&#039;s it (:"
"I knew I wanted Nexplanon before I even had my daughter. I had the implant put in at the end of January  and I had a month long FULL &quot;period&quot; (post partum bleeding had stopped prior too). As of now, I am experiencing lighter periods, but I seem to spot every other week. I&#039;m also experiencing the WORST mood swings EVER. It&#039;s actually scary. I&#039;m not one who is usually sensitive to any med, but I&#039;m on the verge of having this removed."
"750mg twice daily, had no effect on headaches. "
"My husband has been using this medicine (225 mg) for nearly 2 years now.  No side effects, but still has an episode at least 1 to 2 times a month.  His regular Doctor doesn&#039;t seem to know much about Rythmol, so thought about taking him to a specialist now that I read your other comments."
"I haven&#039;t had any increase in energy but my sed rate is lower and my renal functions tests are better.
"
"The only side effect I really experienced was extreme drowsiness. The first night I took it, it knocked me out and I slept all night. Waking up the next morning was a challenge because I was still so drowsy. But that only lasted for one night. I experienced minor nausea after eating one meal. That&#039;s about it for the side effects. It did lower my blood pressure dramatically though. Overall, I&#039;m having a great experience with this."
"I have been on Tri-Cyclen Lo for nearly three months and I am VERY pleased with it. This is the first time I have even taken a birth control pill, and I was very weary to begin the pill after reading many horror stories online. I am very glad that I did not let my fears prevent me from taking the pill.

PROS:
-No weight gain
-No extreme mood swings
-No decrease in sex drive
-Easy to use
-Effective
-Less premenstrual cramps, shorter periods

CONS:
-For the first few days of the pill, I felt extremely nauseous. It was so bad that I considered giving it up, but I am glad I didn&#039;t as the nausea went away after the first week. 
-I now experience headaches before my expected period"
"The month I was on Paxil was the worst month of my life. It made me even more depressed and I just felt an intense numbingness along with severe nausea and when I sleep I absolutely knock out for far too long. It also lead to crazy stomach pain that persisted for months until I took an antibiotic. Not for me or probably any one. Just terrible."
"I got the insert about a month ago after a friend recommended it. Everything was fine for the first week and a half then I started getting migraines. I have a pretty high pain tolerance so it shocked me when I couldn&#039;t function because of a headache. Not thinking anything of it, the head aches began to happen more and more often now I get them everyday. It&#039;s gotten to a point where pain medications won&#039;t work and I have to sleep the pain off. Not only that but I have been having crazy mood swings and depressive episodes. As well as I&#039;m gaining weight and my face is breaking out. I am not a happy camper when it comes to Nexplanon I&#039;d much rather use condoms or become a teen mom then to keep this implant in my arm . I do not recommend this"
"I have taken  methotrexate  for 4 years now and only when I was put on Humeria   did I get any relief . the side effect I have had are depression and sweating  but not hardly any stiffness and not much discomfort so for me the combination works for me ."
"Worse experience ever!!!! Burning itching. I could have kept the yeast infection."
"This medicine is amazing. I have taken this for three different urinary tract infections and it has cured them in only one day, seriously. I give it a rating of 11."
"I found this medicine very hard to withstand. Side effects were bad. I hope others will benefit."
"I&#039;ve only started this 3 weeks ago, however, I have seen a huge difference. Within the first couple of days it cleared all the redness and whiteheads. It did dry my skin out, and I had to double up on my moisturizer. Now going into week 3, the deep bumps that never seem to go away have started to subside. I accidentally skipped one night, and could tell the difference the next day, so it&#039;s definitly something you have to keep in the habit of."
"The side effects for this pill are horrible. I took it within 24 hours of having unprotected sex. It made me dizzy, nauseous right after I took i . A week layer, my right ovary starts hurting me and now I am getting awful hives all over my body, very itchy . I&#039;ve been spotting for 3 days now. Waste of money."
"I have been on Depo on and off for a few years. I did experience some spotting but no heavy period. I have gained a good 15 lbs in the process. Coming off of Depo I gained an additional 10 lbs in 2 months or so. I had my last shot in October, it is now May and only had one short period that lasted for 3 days in March. When on Depo I have also experienced hair loss and difficulty sleeping, as well as a drop in my sex drive. "
"I took Biaxin as soon as I got home from the Doctor. I woke up the next morning feeling amazing, not totally cured but a great start after one day!"
"Oh man. I had this for a little over a year and it was awful, I had terrible cramps all the time and it made me bleed/hurt every single time I had sex. 0 sex drive. I really wish it had worked for me cause its just so much more convenient than an oral contraceptive but this is not for everyone."
"I took Lyrica for a couple of months. It helped with some of the fibro pain and I felt tired and a little dizzy along with having dry mouth which I expected as common side effects. What surprised me was I got new pains in new places--my big toe felt like it was on fire and my lower back hurt badly. I started weaning off of Lyrica and the new pains went away. I also had insomnia from weaning process. I think it does work to dull the fibro pain but not sure if it&#039;s worth it if there are new pains."
"I have had psoriasis since 1978. I had tried just about everything when my dermatologist suggested I take part in the study for a new drug, eventually called Stalara. It worked about 80% and left only two patches of itchy plaque - It has not increased (or decreased) since then. I went off of it (would not sign the papers to put my information in the cloud) in June of last year (2015). 

Surprisingly, it has not returned any worse in the 7 months I have been off of the drug. The two patches remain the same and all other body parts remain free of plaque. I&#039;m feeling pretty good about that - I hope it continues."
"I have had constipation my entire life (I&#039;m nearly 64).  My father (deceased) was a Physician &amp; kept things &#039;working&#039; with various medications.  As an adult, and after being diagnosed with Lupus in &#039;84, it gradually worsened.  I had tried everything.  My normal routine was a bowel movement every 5-7 days, and then it was difficult.  I have been hospitalized for impaction.In the more recent years I have been on a Miralax type product twice a day &amp; 24mcg of Amitiza (once or twice a day).  Amitiza is the ONLY thing that has ever worked.  I can&#039;t remember how long it took to &#039;kick&#039; in, but after decades of food not transitioning through my system, I was patient.  I couldn&#039;t function without it.  I feel somewhat normal now.  AMAZING!"
"I feel like I&rsquo;m being a little generous by giving Vyvanse a 3 because it does work to some degree, but I have very unpleasant side effects from it. My doctor finally switched me to generic Adderall IR-thank God-and it&rsquo;s fantastic. I must be abnormal with how I digest Vyvanse or something because I find it far more potent, and not in a good way. It gives me serious dry mouth, diahrrea, anxiety, excessive sweating, and depression. The effect was different almost everyday: some days were okay, a lot were terrible, and a few were good. It muted most of my emotions except a general sense of discomfort. But I could focus when it didn&rsquo;t make me depressed. On the hand, Adderall IR is a cake walk and I feel great in general."
"Dry mouth."
"I started the shot August of 2014 and I&#039;m still currently on it. My Dr. told me that for the first month I would bleed irregularly, which didn&#039;t happen. For maybe about a week I had very little bleeding to hardly any at all with my first shot. I had gained about 10 pounds since I&#039;ve been on it. It has helped cleared my skin. The shot as COMPLETELY stopped my period. Which is quite amazing. The only reason why I&#039;m not giving the shot a 10 is because of the weight gain. Because of it, it made it hard to loose weight and keep it off. I don&#039;t know if the shot could have caused this but I did experience insomnia,excessive oily skin, and out of control heartburn."
"I have used Lysteda 2x now with great success. It has slowed down and then stopped my menstrual cycle within 4 doses. I am a bit concerned that one of the possible side effects could be blood clots. I personally have not had any. However, because I am an RN, I have realized that the side effects of this drug could be scary if not used EXACTLY as the doctor has prescribed and at the time intervals prescribed. I have had headaches each time that I have used it but I also suffer from  migraine headaches. For me, the headaches are a worth the benefit that Lysteda provides. Just make sure that the directions for use are followed completely and report any odd/new symptoms to your doctor."
"This medicine started to wear off I think due to too many negatives over 1 month time and I was upped on my dosage from 20mg x2 daily to 40mg x2 daily 8 days ago for thoughts not right and anxiety plus depression. Everything is starting to lift finally and feeling great and happy. It was really tough 8 days so far with very LOW LOWS and I&#039;m BEYOND happy with it. LIFE SAVER INDEED."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for a little over a month and I love it. (Knock on wood) but I haven&#039;t gotten any really bad side effects like most pills I&#039;ve read about. On this pill I&#039;ve lost my crazy appetite that I used to have, my breasts feel like they&#039;ve gotten smaller, I don&#039;t have mood swings, or feel depressed or anything. The only negative thing is, even though I&#039;m glad it made my hair longer, it made my hair in other places longer and it grows back faster (which I can manage but it&#039;s a little annoying having to do my eyebrows ever other day). I&#039;ve also had headaches but not sure if its from the pill and I had my period for 2 weeks straight but my doctor said its because body is getting used to the pill."
"Gabapentin makes me feel better. I take it everyday, two times a day. I have bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and severe anxiety. Gabapentin, along with Risperidal, help me feel normal."
"Been on Nexplanon since April 2015. Positives: Don&#039;t have to worry about daily or weekly birth control regimens. No pregnancy. 
Negatives: Bleeding! Bleeding and more bleeding. My normal cycle not on this drug was at most 5 days. When I first started on nexplanon my cycle was 7-8 days; which wasn&#039;t too bad. After 6 months cycle increased to more like 9-10 days and was more unpredictable. Now, almost a year in, I&#039;ve been on my cycle for 15 days. I&#039;m so over it! I really tried to give this drug a chance to adjust but it seems to just get worse as time goes on. Made an appointment for removal. Good luck! Lol."
"I was on the shot for 2yrs straight about 3yrs ago. I absolutely loved it and I would have recommended it any of my girlfriends. I didn&#039;t have one period and no cramping for 2yrs! Loved it!  Not even 2 weeks after missing my last shot I became pregnant. My daughter was born in 2013, and about 2months ago I started the shot again. Worst decision of my life! I have not stopped spotting! Every damn day for almost 2 months and I&#039;m starting to get really crampy and I&#039;ve have terrible migraines. I&#039;ve been having mood swings and I&#039;ve never experienced  anxiety so bad in my life. I would seriously consider looking into the side effects and reading up on the shot before you get it."
"I was diagnosed with extreme dry eye, in part due to past Lasix surgery, part occupational hazard, and part age related. My doctor put me on Restasis. It turns out I am allergic. I had none of the eye pain others described. But, my vision was very blurry impeding my ability to read and focus starting day 1. I increased my fluid intake, thinking dehydration. I had a &quot;light &quot; headache, sinus &amp; throat issues getting progressively worse and I would suddenly lose my voice &amp; experience dizziness. My blood pressure was elevated. My face became red &amp; itchy.After feeling abnormalities in the blood flow around my heart, I stopped the Restasis. This all happened in 4 days.  Most of the symptoms left 48 hours after stopping. Restasis is not for everyone."
"Femara for 18 months no side effects for first 6 months, then joint and muscle pain, physical fatigue, bone density loss. Will continue for as long as it works, at the moment looking clear, I want to live."
"Changed my life. I&#039;m almost 30 years old, and my life would have been so different if i had known about Hypercare growing up!"
"Not even finished with my first set of doses(probably around 80% of the way there), I started seeing major results. My skin is smoother and less breakouts even after eating fried chicken. Only side effects were trouble sleeping and breathing. I also had chapped lips. Not really much pyschological effects like depression or loss of interest."
"Seroquel was a God send for me.  I&#039;ve been on it for 7 years and its the best medication I&#039;ve been on for hallucinations and the voices I heard on a daily basis.  It does however make me extremely tired so I take it half hour before I go to bed.  I did get a little weight gain but I would rather have weight gain than hearing voices and seeing things any day.  Amazing medication."
"I have chronic pain and for the last 10 years have tried all pain meds and the ONLY one that works is 10MG percs. I take about 5 a day and I can work full time and live my life as it lowers the pain to about a 5. I just pray that they leave PM doctors alone with this new push to get rid of opiates. I need them!"
"I started taking this medication and was finally able to sleep. Prazosin has little side-effects and makes a huge difference with my nightmares and sleep disturbances. 
I find the nasal congestion difficult to manage. I started taking nasal decongestant spray against doctors recommendations (due to risk of dependence) but it is the only thing that has helped me."
"I am a 33 yr old woman with Anxiety, irritabilty, ocd 
. I have been on many different medications since i was 18. My new doctor finally sent me to a psychologist to see if effexor was the right drug for me after being on it for 18 months with some improvement but not great improvement. At the time I was on 75 mg a day. The psychologist upped my dosage to 200 mg a day. Since then I have had very slight anxiety, and only when even a normal person would have a panic attack. My OCD is manageable. And I no longer wish everyone dead. I have had 0 side effects what so ever.  Only thing I have noticed is when i miss a couple days, (mom of 3 it happens), all my problems come back 100%. I never take my meds at the same time and have never had withdrawal."
"I suffer from severe chronic cluster head aches that last 3 or more days at a time.I had back problems as well,at work one day I fell 30 feet &amp; landed in a wheelbarrow.I hit my neck on one side and injured my L4 L5. I&#039;ve been n pain management sense 07 long story short I ended up on 75mcg patches ever 48 hours. They did not last 72 hours for me.I was given 600mcg fentanyl lozenges they r fast acting.I was given 1 every 6 hrs. Best brake through meds I&#039;ve use.u can suck on them 4 15 min.yet if ur pain subsides u can stop after 5/10 min they take 15 min to de solve.u can store what is left n the package n ur refrigerator n use it later when needed.pills don&#039;t always work rite away n some times u don&#039;t need as much."
"Love this medicine! Tried all the others, Vyvanse definitely works the best. I stay on task, focused, more organized and been moving up in my field. 29 yr old female, 30mg dose. The only negative is if I don&#039;t take it for a day or 2 on the weekends then start again is at first it makes me real jittery and makes me go to the bathroom until my bowels are essentially cleaned out, but that&#039;s really not a bad thing. Also I love the way it curbs my appetite and keeps me around 115 lbs without even trying(I&#039;m 5&#039;3&quot;). A very pleasant side effect!! I was on 70 mg a couple years ago but I was getting a little too skinny(stable around 106-108 lbs), so decreased the dosage."
"I&#039;m 16, just had surgery on a Fallopian cyst, and I was scared to get my period again (I was on depo for three years before hand, and no not because I was sleeping around at 13 to try and reduce the cyst.) so I decided on Skyla, my insurance paid for it all. I went in that day around 4 pm and sat on the table nervous as hell. Doctor told me for some people it hurts and some people it doesn&#039;t. So they started the process and she was very detailed. She got to my cervix and I passed out from the pain. Worst pain ever, and I have a high pain tolerance. I woke up confused and scared and feeling sick. I had my dad pick me up. Listen to every review and know you could react the same way. 5 days later slight cramping, but I&#039;m okay!"
"Hello, I am currently taking chantix for the third time each time was very successful if only I would have followed through for the full period. I currently am on day 5 and no longer smoke. I went from a pack in a half a day to none in 5 days. Slight urges from time to time but its more of just being bored and thinking I need to smoke. If you follow through and ignore the urges by finding something to keep you busy you will be successful but like others have said you have to want to quit!! I am 29 years old with a 2 yr old and have been smoking since I was 12 or 13 if there is a better time to quit its now!! I will admit I have silly dreams from time to time like a shoe being bigger than the other or being in a circus just stupid dreams!!"
"I have been taking suboxone for about 3 years now and it always worked great for me. Well since my insurance will not cover it any longer, my doc wrote me out this new script of bunavail. I have to say this is the worst Meds I have ever tried. I still feel tired through out the day which makes my mind start to wonder into the wrong places. A huge con for me is how long it takes to dissolve, I held it in for 1 1/2 hours before I finally said screw it and dug it out. This is a pathetic excuse for a replacement. I will not be trying this again, come next week I will be paying for my subs, I don&#039;t care how much they cost. All this medication is going to do is get people using again."
"I was only able to make it 5 days.  I had nervousness from the time I woke up.  Sweaty palms, nausea, anxiety, vivid unpleasant dreams.  At times I would sleep for 12 hours and others maybe 3 hours.  I couldn&#039;t take it anymore.  I can&#039;t imagine dealing with those side effects for weeks.  I stopped and feel so much better.  It has taken about two days to feel better.  Good luck to everybody but that felt like pure poison to me."
"I took this medicine 3 times over the course of a few months, and each time I had very jumpy legs within about 20 minutes. It helped the nausea but I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll take it again."
"I&#039;m 40 years old with two teenaged children. I was tired of taking a birth control pill daily, and had trouble remembering to take it sometimes. I had the Mirena inserted last month, and it was a painless procedure. I had some minor cramping for the first day or two, but no bleeding. I did not get my period this month and I&#039;m hoping I don&#039;t get one ever again! I highly recommend Mirena."
"I was on 25mcg/72 hours (then every 48 hours) for RSD/CRPS along with Norco for breakthrough pain. This medicine worked great for about the first month or two then stopped. For some reason my body stopped processing it properly and it quit helping me at all. And the side effects were awful (namely weight gain and HORRIBLE sweating!) Also, getting the patches to stay on, even with the overlays (sent free from Mylan- the brand my pharmacy stocked- just call Mylan to get them) was difficult, especially with all the sweating. Happy to be getting off this. Hoping to find something else that will work without the side effects of Fentanyl."
"This medicine did its job. Took about a week for me to feel the actual effects. But I had to discontinue use because I developed a really bad rash around my mouth. I had to stop because the rash and other side effects. I wish those side effects never happened or else it would have been something that I would have wanted to be apart of my medication regimen. I also have Schizoaffective Disorder, it really helped me manage those unusual thoughts and behavior. Otherwise this would have been my medication of choice."
"As an upcoming psychiatrist and a sufferer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, I studied many ways to counteract the sexual side-effects caused by SSRI. Although this medicine is not commonly prescribed in the US, it&#039;s available in my country, and with a three times a day administration, it did increase libido and anorgasmia.
Nevertheless, some side-effects are very discomforting, and include diaforesis, anxiety and hypersalivation."
"I am taking tamoxifen for two months now. But is not easy due to so many side effects. You need a lots of encouragement  from family and friends to keep going. This medicine has so many side effects. Some of the side effects are fatigue, hot flashes, short temper, sadness, dizziness, anger and many more. The other day my son and my daughter came to me to ask if I was drinking. They said that I looked so angry the night before and they were worried about me. I never drink so I told them about the medicine."
"Was switched from Adderall XR to generic Dexedrine. I got an ineffective brand of Adderall (yes, some brands are better than others). The positive effects were gone and the negative effects were enhanced. My blood pressure was great, around 102-117 systolic and 75-85 diastolic but my pulse was way too high 110-130. For the most part I loved Dexedrine, it worked very well and without the L-Amphetamine in Adderall my pulse rate was good 85-102. My only complaint was that the length of time it worked was inconsistent. Some days it would last 45 min other days it would last 2 hours. After speaking to my psych doc we decided to switch to Vyvanse instead of having to take 3 or 4 Dexedrine pills a day. Other than length of duration this is great."
"I was on Victoza for about a little over a year. I had lost 128lbs . it worked great for me.  I went off to see if I would gain it all back.  To be honest I didn&#039;t add exercise to my daily routine as I worked in construction at the time.( I am a female) . I didn&#039;t diet. I am not the best example to learn from.  My weight loss was strictly from the effects of Victoza curbing my appetite.  Anyway..after agonist 3years being off...I didn&#039;t gain any weight back until my mother was dying and I think I was stress eating.. I gained about 60lbs.  I&#039;m getting ready to start Victoza again."
"November 2007, I woke up one day and said to my husband, I am calling the doctor because I want to quit smoking.  I was up to 3 packs a day.  He told me to do what I have to.  Called the doc tor and said &quot;Help me quit smoking&quot;.  He told me to be in his office that afternoon.  He gave me a perscription for Chantix.  My husband took the script to the pharmacy to get it filled.  The pharmacist the script and she looked at it and said to him &quot;Do you realize that this will cost you $180.00 for each month?  My husband said, &quot;If this helps her to stop smoking, I will pay whatever I have to.&quot;  With Chantix it took me 2 1/2 months to quit.  I had no side effects whatsoever.  I am now 9 years free of smoking.  Thank you Chantix."
"After a severe injury in the workplace, I hit rock bottom, depressed, suicidal, hopeless, really sad.
I didn&#039;t understand what was going on, like someone else was at the wheel and I had to go along on this scary ride.
I needed help so went to a psychiatrist who diagnosed clinical Depression, this was a relief to hear and separated me from the weirdo driving!
Took 2 years of counseling and different medicines to find the right one, for me it is Pristiq. I have been on it for 8 years and now work full time. I think it takes a while for the user to live with an anti-depressant medication, I read and hear of many who want out after 2-4 years, but I found that just hanging in there is the way to go. 
I see myself as complete now, no side effects."
"Zyrtec has been a wonder drug. all of my life i have sufferd from allergies. its effected every aspect of my life from relationships to pets and school. ANy one with allergies knows when you wake up in the morning and as soon as you walk out the door you start feeling like you have the flu. Ive been using Zyrtec for 6 months now and i feel wonderful!!! i can play in the yard with my kids and stay outside as long as i&#039;d like to"
"A word of caution.  I&#039;ve noticed how positive these reviews tend to be.  You should look-up the withdrawal effects when coming of this drug.  I&#039;ve been on and off medication for the last 20 years. When I came of efexor 15 years ago I couldn&#039;t walk for three days.  But that was nothing compared to seroquel.  And it takes 90 days for the withdrawal effects to begin to wear off.  Seriously, before taking this drug you need to do some research.  I would STRONGLY advise you to find another drug."
"I was prescribed 875mg bid.. It gave me strong side effects: heart skipping, dizziness and weakness. I reduced it to once a day to see if it would reduce any side effect.  It did reduce some dizziness and weakness.. But my chest pain remains. I stopped taking it. I am going to see doctor to find out why my chest hurts."
"Was put on pristiq around 8 months ago for severe anxiety/panic attacks. I couldn&#039;t even drop my kids at school without a panic attack and we live a minute from the school, I didn&#039;t wanna do anything go anywhere it was affecting my kids, my marriage, everything. Now I have my life back I put off going to the doc for a year, I wish I hadn&#039;t. I can function again. I did have to up my dose after about a month to 100mg and I still have a day here or there that I can feel my anxiety bubbling under the surface but it&#039;s nothing like it was it&#039;s manageable."
"I live in Uk and having all treatment under the National Health Service.

I have RA, fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis, blepharitis and interstitial lung disease ! Blimey I hear you say quite rightly. I say it every day.

I take hydroxychloraquine in conjunction with methatrexate and etanercept and they seem to work well together. However since my methatrexate was reduced ( due to continual chest infections ) I have notice recurrance of swelling and pain has increased. I am now on 80 mg of morphine ( MST slow release ) x 2 per day and oramorph ( instant effect morphine ) for breakout pain. Docs told me that they know the three meds work in conjunction with each other but they don&#039;t know why ! Who cares - give me the drugs. Hope this helps."
"I was taking effexor for depression. I found that my hot flashes went away. I love this medicine. It helped all of my menopause symptoms. The down side is I can&#039;t miss one! The hot flashes comes back with worst sweats than I had before. I now sleep very well at night."
"I wanted to share my positive experience with Mirena since there are a lot of negative reviews. All the negative reviews almost scared me off from trying it for myself. All women are different though and I figured more people who had problems would get online and complain than woman who had positive results. I am in my 40&#039;s, have 1 child and have a really bad problem with extremely heavy flooding menstrual periods. It had gotten so bad I was flooding thru every 2 hrs and that was affecting my daily life during that week. I had to do something so I went for it. Insertion was painful but over quickly. I had mild cramping that day and spotting for about a week. After that I had some discharge for several more weeks that I only noticed when I used the bathroom and then it stopped. I have had 2 periods now after insertion and they have been wonderful. I went from flooding to not even needing to wear or use anything! I have not had any side effects or problems. I am so happy that I did not let the negative reviews scare me off! Good luck to all the ladies who give it a try! Hope your experience is as positive as mine has been!"
"I have been taking wellbutrin for almost a month now and I have already noticed a change. I used to be this really upbeat, happy, positive person and all of a sudden I was tired all the time, couldn&#039;t sleep, was really sad all the time, aggitated really easily and also go snippy with people at the drop of a hat. My mom was the one that said you need to go see the doctor and find out what is going on with you. I&#039;ve tried other antidepressants, this is the only one that works for me."
"This pill is great! I&#039;m super sensitive to birth control pills and this is the only one I&#039;ve ever felt normal on. I would definitely recommend it to anyone! I did have breakthrough bleeding the first few months but that seems to have cleared up. No actual periods really which is amazing. Also it is indeed experience BUT the ACA under Obama care has made it affordable. I was paying high out of pocket prices for it but I called my insurance and they told me I needed to have my doctor call and tell them it&#039;s the one I need to be on and then they would cover it for $0/ month! So thank god for that. Definitely check with your insurance and pharmacist! They are full of helpful information!"
"I have been taking 50 mg daily and have been for six months. I had a serious flare six months ago and a small bowel resection two months later. I feel that Imuran and Remicade combination is keeping me well and feeling perfectly normal.  No side effects so far.

I am very glad to have tapered off Prednisone and am happy with Imuran and Remicade for Crohn&#039;s maintenance."
"****** The product is called &quot;infant drops&quot;.  Are there really infants that drive heavy machinery or get pregnant?! I know this is boilerplate language, but it calls into question EVERYTHING on the page."
"used primarely for anxiety and sleep.  Worked great for the first few months.  No it is inaffective and dosage needs increased."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 5 months, I&#039;ve been experiencing nausea , vomiting , bad pains in my right leg and my boobs have gotten bigger and I&#039;m spotting more but bleeding less during my period. But, on the bright side, my period cramps have gotten better."
"I&#039;ve had several colonoscopies. Previous prep was always basically Miralax/Gatorade plus one or two other laxatives.  Suprep is better by far.  Less to drink, less bloating. Two dose regimen meant that I got a decent night&#039;s sleep because the evening purge slowed to a stop before bedtime.  Didn&#039;t taste that bad, like salty fruit punch.  I&#039;m actually not dreading the next colonoscopy."
"A1c 13  a year ago. Taking 300mg Invokana alongside 2000mg metformin and 50u lantus once daily. A1c made it to 7.0. Very happy now. Lantus alone and lantus plus metformin did not help enough over the last ten years. Thirsty and sometimes tired (water and caffeine counters this). Also taking tiny dose of lisinopril to protect kidneys. No other side effects (never encountered any urinary issues)"
"Compazine is chemically similar to Thorazine...both of which can cause extreme and sometimes dangerous reactions the in people who have risk of serotonin syndrome or sensitivities. I personally experienced rage reactions to Compazine when it was used to treat nausea from migraines. "
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave for a year now I&#039;m down from 155 to 128 and still losing.  Initially there was slight nausea, but eating something small with morning dose alleviates this.  Have stopped smoking, finallly, after 25 years, have also quit drinking alcohol within 3 months of starting on Contrave. I will be 50 this month. This med has changed my life.  I was trying to drink and smoke myself to death. All of those cravings are gone.  The only side effects are constipation and sleepiness.  I counteract these with a stool softener and caffeine,"
"I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend last week and took the Plan B One-Step the day after and I got my period today. And I&#039;m so happy I got my period today! So definitely look into this. It&#039;s way better than being pregnant."
"I had epilepsy surgery last year and I have suffered with headaches ever since. After over a year of trying different remedies my doctor prescribed Elavil. I was so tired of having headaches everyday that I was willing to try anything. I take one 25mg tablet at bedtime and my headaches have gone away. It&#039;s like I never had them. Elavil has been a blessing to me."
"I took one pill and had a severe allergic reaction to it in less than a half hour.  It started with stomach pain, blood in the stool, rash, swelling and shortness of breath. I had a seizure, my husband called the ambulance and ended up in the hospital.  Scary experience and I want to let everyone know how horrible this drug is."
"I just got my Skyla yesterday morning. I love it so far. I am 20 and I took birth control in the past but I wanted something more reliable/did not have to keep up with daily. I did not think the insertion was that painful. My doctor said I handled it very well compared to other woman. Towards the end it was painful but it was tolerable. Just stay relaxed and remember to breathe and you&#039;ll be fine. I had a little spotting within the first few hours but after that I stopped bleeding. I had cramps yesterday and I seem to have lower back pain today but pain reliever helps with that."
"I have had major surgery for osteochondrites dessicans when I was a young adult, and recently have begun to experience chronic Pain (bad) difficulty bending my Knee, and was prescribed 50,000 units once a week for 8 weeks, by my PCP not the orthopedic surgeon, and I am shocked my pain has dropped to almost non existent, knee bends fine."
"I have Diabetes, and get frequent bladder infections.  This medicine has always given me a quick relief of the symptoms."
"It cured my seizures I was having every night. I started taking this drug about a month ago and have gained 15 pounds already. I work out every day which didn&#039;t make sense to me so I had to look up the side effects. This medicine gave me terrible stomach pains no matter what I ate. terrible gas and diharea.  Gave me weird dreams, acne, bad pain to the point I couldn&#039;t sleep. I woke up feeling terrible every morning, I could go on forever. I&#039;m going to call my doctor to get switched to a different one."
"It did not help with my focus at all. frequent urination, hot flushes, more energy but did nothing for my ADD."
"I was a trash can to say the least.  A normal day over a 4 year period consisted of .2 of dope, 4/pure 15mg oxys, 2/10mg methadone, a little coke, 2/10mg adderall. Ishould b dead . I checked into detox and was given .1mg clonidine and 1mg ativan 2x a day for 3 days. Im on day 7 now of detox and 4 days off clonidine. Its a wonderful drug. It doesnt take 100% of wd away but atleast 80% of wd were kept at bay. The ativan makes you sleep through the majority of wd. But on day 5 I felt better than I had in years! After day 4 its a mind game  of the fear of living without opiods, just stay busy and youll pull through. Trust me I never thought id pull through"
"Take for chronic neck/shoulder (caused by car accident).  Previously taking hydrocodone.  Tramadol is fast acting and lasts longer.  Gives you a calm, relaxed mood."
"At first, it made me a little groggy.  After 6 months, it has made me extremely fatigued all the time. My muscles feel constantly weak, regardless of how much I sleep or exercise. I have lost hair and gained some weight. It also made my breasts very tender (and slightly larger).  I get headaches, sweat profusely, and have trouble focusing. "
"Ok.. I&#039;ve never posted before about my weight or really anything.. So here goes... I&#039;m 5&#039;1&quot;, 192lb, 35 yr old, female. Was on phentermine for last 2 years taking for 3 months, then 1 month off regimen, lost 10 lbs. So doc suggested Contrave. April 11, 2017 Took it @ 6am w/ my lostarin &amp; migraine meds, by 8am felt a bit whoozy, so ate a granola bar &amp; drank some water. By 9:30 took the day off felt like I was going to fall down. Came home laid down, can&#039;t sleep, ate a bit and laid down. Feeling kinda dizzy had a super head ache but thankfully it went away.. I&#039;ll keep posting to keep people informed of side effects or of good stuff in general."
"27 yr old male and never had acne until a yr ago. Initially, I thought it was stress or something short term that would go away. It never went away and the last yr I tried everything Imaginable: OTC acne meds, changed my diet numerous times; cut out all sugar, ate only organic food. Quit exercising to see if sweat was causing it. I did everything possible.I never had acne and could not figure out why at 26/27 it started. I finally went to the dermatologist and was put on Retin A, this made my acne 20x worse. Gave me cystic acne everywhere. I used it for over a month but could not take it anymore. Luckily my mom had Finacea. Within a day I saw results and within a week it was all gone. My face is perfect. I wish I had more room to say how great it is."
"I&#039;d rather die that feel this burning and itching the suppository caused me wow but it did pretty much cure it after the first day.. doing night two just to make sure it&#039;s all gone"
"I have been on this dosage for about 6 months. 
2 positives, 1. I didn&#039;t get pregnant. 2. Very light periods lasting 2-3 days. 

Negatives. I get bad cramps (I didn&#039;t get any while on the Depo Provera shot or before birth control). 
I get mild acne the last 2 weeks out the month. 
Mood swings that I never experienced before. 
Tender breasts. 

And worst of all, my sex drive died! When I do force myself to be with my boyfriend, I&#039;m too dry to enjoy it. My boyfriend and I are not happy. I will be starting Microgestin Fe 1/20 next week. "
"Clears my thinking and helps my moods."
"Horrible product.  I regret ever getting this inserted. Nothing but heavier periods, headaches, mood swings, weight gain, just all around pain in the ass.  I had it removed over 2 years ago, and my body is completely out of whack from it.  I cannot get pregnant (have been trying to have our 2nd for over a year now) and what was regular periods now go magically missing 3 months at a time.  This should be taken off the market.  Thank you Mirena for making me infertile. *insert sarcasm*"
"I have been dealing with thigh pain/numbness and tingles for almost two years from a pinched nerve in my thigh and lower back. Doctors always say LOSE WEIGHT! Well easier said than done. I am not that over weight. Finally met with a SMART neurologist. He said throw away the meds they had me on before which did nothing but MAKE me gain weight (Nortriptyline). He put me on Gabapentin 800mg. I was told to take half tablet three times a day unless I needed more, which I don&#039;t. It has been three days..First time in almost two years I sleep through the night because the irritation is GONE. I sleep all night like a baby, wake up refreshed, have ZERO pain in my leg. My coworkers say I am pleasant now. I have NO anxiety now as well! LOVE IT!"
"rated this drug about middle of the road because - initially - it worked! Lost the weight I wanted. But hair thinned &amp; skin broke out. Started gaining weight again so would take it every other month or so but then it really wasn&#039;t working. Metabolism back to old self and had to cut 4&quot; off my hair it had become so dry! Not worth the health risks."
"I&#039;m speaking from nearly 10 years suffering from severe generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder. On a 1-10 scale, I&#039;d say my anxiety is at a 12 on most days. My first panic attack brought me to the ER where I was introduced to the world of psychiatric meds, specifically, Ativan. What I will say to all of those who consider taking any benzodiazepines for their anxiety or panic attacks is that there is no benzo I would rather choose than Ativan. It provides not only relief from anxiety and panic attacks, but generally quells anxiety prone symptoms such as nausea, irritability etc., most effectively. I have never experienced much of a withdrawal effect, if at all, and the smaller half-life means less accumulation in your system."
"I began taking 25 mg of topamax once daily due to my migraines lingering 2-3 days at a time. Topamax did a NUMBER on my body. I completely stopped eating. Every time I tried to eat I took ONE BITE and would gag. I felt so extremely full constantly eventhough I knew I had not eaten. Topamax completely destroyed my appetite and although I&#039;ve been off of the medication for 6 months I still never crave ANYthing. I eat when I&#039;m hungry but I no longer have any cravings. While taking this medication I lost a lot of my memory. I was constantly hazy or confused and I felt like I was always searching for my task. I became malnourished and confused that I quit taking the medicine completely. I would never recommend this medication bc of side effects!"
"I can&#039;t believe it. I have been smoking for 12 years, anywhere from 1 - 1 &amp; 1/2 packs a day. I took my first dose of Chantix on Saturday 3/7/09. My quit date was 3/4/09. On day 3 of taking the pill, I only smoked 5 cigarettes that day. Not really because I didn&#039;t want to, but because I didn&#039;t have the urge for it. I smoked my last cigarette at 10:15pm on Saturday 3/14/09. I feel wonderful. I can deal with the side effects, minor as they are. I began having wild dreams the 2nd day on the pill. I got sick in my stomach just once, but that&#039;s because I took it before breakfast. I have come to realize that taking it about 10 minutes after I eat is best for me. I didn&#039;t take any pills today and I feel great. I&#039;m so grateful for this medicine."
"Newly diagnosed and Triumeq is the only medication I&#039;ve ever experienced. Just got results after taking it for 6 weeks. CD4 is just over 1,000. That&#039;s up from 764. My viral load is down from 33K to 26K. So far so good. I&#039;m hoping to be undetectable in 3-4 months like I been reading in people&#039;s comments. I&#039;ve had no apparent side effects until very recently I seem to have some jaw tightening and stiffness. But no headaches and I sleep well. I also been really gassy and I MUST EAT when I take it. But I&#039;m a happy camper overall."
"I&#039;m really glad I read the hints about taking the Cipro 2 hours after the Flagyl.  I hope it helps!  Also got some Zofran.  I came down with diverticulitis for the first time ever, and was perscribed the above drug combo.  I&#039;m on day two and the debilitating pain is gone.  But now I have the dreaded nausea and diahhrea, and just plain feeling like I have stomach flu!  But I&#039;m going to try the suggestions offered by others, and keep my fingers crossed they work...otherwise, I&#039;m not sure how to go back to work, without toting along a porta potty :)"
"I am in my early 40&#039;s.  I was prescribed Lisinopril (10mg) to treat high blood pressure.  After a subsequent visit to my doctor, it was determined that 10mg was not dropping my blood pressure and he prescribed 20mg.  This has caused a mild side effect of a constant dry cough and unfortunately, it did not drop my blood pressure either.  I am now taking AMLODIPINE BESYLATE but just started it so I don&#039;t have enough history with it to tell if it will work."
"I am 75, It worked once for me. After that it was erratic. I think it works along with your emotions. So if u r not in the mood, it will not work. So now I am waiting for a blue moon  , then maybe I will try it once more."
"Recently I started experiencing panic attacks for no apparent reason.  I stopped taking caffeine, still had the panic attacks.  I don&#039;t drink alcohol so no need to stop that.  Stopped smoking, still panic attacks.  Stopped pretty much everything I could think of that triggered these attacks.  Still had that horrible death feeling that all of us who suffer with Panic Disorder experience.  Even hearing the words Panic Disorder from my doc... it was a sobering experience.  My GP prescribed me .5mg Ativan taken as needed and they are life savers.  Within 10-15 minutes I begin feeling normal.  I can function again.  I can WORK again.  I don&#039;t know how I&#039;d survive without these little helpers"
"I got Kyleena inserted yesterday and it was painful. I haven&#039;t had a period in two years (I was on Depo Provera), so I haven&#039;t experienced and cramping in a long time. I took 800 mg of ibuprofen an hour before and I do believe that it helped with the pain. All day I cramped terribly like I&#039;ve never felt before, so bad I was continuously puking. I also had terrible diarrhea for some reason. Today (one day later) the cramps are very small and infrequent. I still can barely eat without feeling nauseated and have diarrhea, but I assume it will continue getting better. I barely bled at all and overall I feel like it&#039;s worth it!"
"I had an allergic reaction to this medicine. This drug could be a good drug for others but it wasn&#039;t a good one for me. "
"One month after injection date I am experiencing the most painful period ever.  I can&#039;t leave the bathroom for fear I will bleed threw everything.  I am changing my tampon ever hour (or less).  I have been taking muscle relaxers to try and ease my pain,  but they don&#039;t do much.  
I have never had a menstrual cycle  like this. Usually the first day is heavy but then isn&#039;t so bad.  On the depo  shot I have been bleeding for several days.  I am making an appointment with another gynecologist on Monday to see if there is anything I can do.  
I am so upset that the doctor didn&#039;t warn me about the side effects before giving this to me.  
There is also acne, weight gain and sever cramps (with out my period)  that I had to deal with the first month"
"So far so good.  I m only four days into taking it. I take it at lunchtime everyday, and notice I get a bit drowsy and yawn like crazy for a couple of hours after I take it.  HOWEVER, my anxiety is already feeling better so this side effect is nothing in comparison!  My anxiety was becoming debilitating, just so much stress... lost my mom to cancer, my cat passed away, going through a possible separation, just horribly stressful situations now.  I have a lot of support from my family and friends and feel like this is first step in getting back in check."
"I&#039;m currently using it for a herniated thoracic disc that is so bad, it radiates through my ribs and sends electrical current to my abs causing cramping. I&#039;ve had the patch on for 8 hours and feel no different at all. Had to use gauze tape because there is basically no adhesive on the patch itself. I think it&#039;s nothing more than aspirin? Waste of $50."
"I was on Loestrin and I had gained 25 lbs over a 2 year period. I switched over to LoSeasonique because its the same hormone I took when I first started taking birth control pills 15 years ago. Over a 2 month period I was able to drop almost all the weight I had gained. I was on the Brand name LoSeasonique for 9 months with zero side effects and then I was switched to generic. Over 1 month I gained 7 lbs and became very moody (just as I was on the Loestrin) I have asked my DR to send over a new prescription with no generic marked. I will pay the extra not to be such a mess!"
"I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 8, and I&#039;m 17 now. I got off Zyprexa about 6 years ago, and I&#039;m still having issues with my eating habits. When I started taking this pill I easily gained 110 lbs. in the first year."
"Same as most of you, I spent 99.9% of my time freaking out. The condom broke and he finished on a day that my period planner told me I was fertile. I took plan b 45 minutes after the incident. I spent 2 weeks freaking out and stressing. I got my period a day earlier with really bad cramps. It worked, not complaining! Just thought this post might ease someone&#039;s mind!"
"I am 50 yrs old and  post menopausal - basically in full menopause.. I was prescribed this cream for thinning of the vaginal wall. I had increased urinary tract infections. I believe it helps with my libido which had dropped to zero!  I hope this review helps. I didn&#039;t have dryness or pain with intercourse. My urologist prescribed it for me. It is really great to have doctors who &quot;KNOW&quot; what we are going through as females."
"Started at 37.5 for hot flashes but also found that my hair trigger anger and low grade depression were gone.  Oh, did I mention the onset of suicidal Ideation I experienced at menopause?  Took care of that too.  Went up to 150xr a day, but stomach upset, excessive teeth grinding, loss of libido and weight gain are making me go back to 37.5 again.  Ended up on the 150 cause  of  my wicked hot flashes.....but willing to deal w them at 37.5 for the sake of my sex life.  I&#039;m afraid to go off of it at 37.5, as it removed the anxiety and despair I realized I have felt most of my life.  I encourage many to stay at the lowest dose of any of these drugs; it takes time to figure out which one is good for you.  Cheers"
"At the beginning I had stomach pain, however, after a few weeks it went away.  Feel great now!"
"I started taking Doryx about 4 months ago for cystic acne. SO GLAD I DID. It took almost 2 months to see results but it was definitely worth the wait. It doesn&#039;t bother me to leave the house now without makeup. Occasionally I&#039;ll still get cysts but they only last a couple of days or so and it&#039;s usually around the time of my period. 

I do notice though that it makes me thirsty and it dries my skin/chaps my lips. But it&#039;s totally worth it. Just be patient! I almost gave up after the first month. I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t."
"I have been on Levora for over 2 years now and I really love it. I have not gained any weight due to being on the pill, I NEVER get acne, cravings and PMS symptoms are greatly reduced, and my periods are extremely light and short-almost like spotting. I still get cramps during the first day of my period, but they&#039;re so slight and Advil takes care of it immediately. 
I usually start within the 3rd day of the inactive pills and my period is over in 3 days, but lately I&#039;ve been starting a day later so my period lasts 2 days-not complaining though!
I also suck at remembering to take the pill every day and still have not gotten pregnant."
"Had a constant yeast infection and 3 urinary tract infections in the two months I was on it. I was so thirsty, I would drink a gallon of water at work. I urinated every 20 minutes. My bladder was sore if my belly was touched. I really tried and wanted this to work. I did lose about 12 pounds and had energy. But I was depressed from constant &quot;female Issues&quot;. It just got worse and worse. I took myself off this pill and am back on Metformin XR. Waiting to see my doc for the next plan of attack. This did not work for me."
"After years of sinus infections my germs sneer at the usual antibiotics. Augmentin and Ceftin do nothing, in fact I got more sick everyday on Ceftin. Avelox has been the magic bullet for me and I really don&#039;t have any side effects. This doesn&#039;t mean someone out there won&#039;t be allergic to it, but I am not. Relief begins within hours of the first dose."
"I had terrible acne when starting this pill, it&#039;s been 7 months total taking it, my skin is now completely clear. The only down side to the pill is that I have no period, which started around the 4 month, I have not had one. I used to have heavy and painful ones. Sometimes it worries me, but I&#039;m getting used to it. I have had no weight gain, my breasts are tender, but they have gotten fuller and bigger. I started at a 34C and now am a 34D."
"This medicine did not help me."
"The medication has changed my life!!! I can finally focus on my goals and I feel great! No more pain, no more bathroom sneak attacks (thank you!!) and no more bloating! For the longest time it looked like I had a belly but it was all bloating! I can see a significant change in the decrease of bloating. The first couple days after taking the medicine at night would result in a little fogginess in the morning and fatigue. Now that my body has gotten used to Nortriptyline, I have much more energy and honestly a whole new outlook on life. I don&#039;t even want to think about how I felt every single day before Nortriplyline. I owe my Dr. big time!! :)"
"I have severe chest pain from my esophagus and my doctor gave me 60 pills of Oxycontin 40mg and 10/500 Percocet. The Oxycontin was for major episodes and the Percocet was too take 4 times a day."
"28yo and never been pregnant. I used ParaGuard IUD for 7 years with NO issue. A year ago my periods got heavy and 3-4 weeks long. Gyne didn&#039;t think that the IUD was the cause. We decided February this year to try the Mirena to lighten my periods. It worked! However, I did have extreme breast tenderness, moodswings, etc. About 3 months later I experienced the worst cramping I&#039;d had in over 10-15 years and the Mirena was expelled. In June I had a new one put back in. A few days ago (this is August), I had unusual cramping and as of yesterday the second Mirena expelled. I am not pleased. I&#039;ll never use Mirena again. I will go back to using the copper one since there were no side-effects."
"I was prescribed this for onset of anxiety and possible hormonal mood swings. I was not told by my doctor how it would make me feel or how hard coming off of it would be. I took one 37.5 mg capsule and was horrified that I was given this. I woke up at 2am with an anxiety attack for about the first hour. It then went into being wired, nauseous, shakey, weak, chills and sweating. 11 years ago I quit using meth and this was awful that I felt like I was on it again. I laid in bed the entire day, wide awake and ill. I never took another dose! And even one pill took at least another full day to leave my system. My nervous system is obviously sensitive and I could not handle this medication at all."
"Tried Bupropion SR generic first, worked well for depression and rid me of my feelings of despair and hopelessness but it made me very irritable and I was up and down all day. I switched to genuine Wellbutrin XL and what a difference, can only assume the coating on these is superior as my irritation is completely gone and I feel leveled out all day. Was given Citalopram first and lasted four days on it, felt spaced out mentally but the sexual side effects were too much to deal with, none of those with Wellbutrin, in fact the opposite. I was at the end of my tether, this medicine makes me feel normal."
"I am very pleased with Lysteda. My OBGYN prescribed this med for my heavy periods I&#039;ve been suffering with since I had a tubal ligation in 2007.   I have just completed my first cycle and I pleased to say I FINALLY HAVE A LIGHT TO REGULAR FLOW PERIOD. THANK YOU FOR THIS MED..LIFE SAVER!"
"An injection of Rocephin does hurt a little but it&#039;s reconstituted with Lidocaine to lessen the pain. If you are not faint at heart with shots and you don&#039;t have an allergen to the drug than it will work wonders for you."
"I have had severe migraines &amp; chronic pain daily ever since I was attacked &amp; stabbed with a 9&quot; butcher knife 8 and a half years ago. It resulted in a myriad of chronic issues &amp; severe pain. I have been put on a variety of different pain medicines since I started seeing a pain specialist. Oxycontin &amp; Oxycocet (Percocet) did little to nothing to ease the pain. Demerol helped with the pain, but my tolerance grew too quickly. I&#039;ve been prescribed 8mg of Dilaudid to take as needed &amp; it&#039;s the first medicine to help me feel not completely useless because of my pain and to remain helpful. I&#039;m also on other medicines for other issues and it interacts fine and actually also helps when combined with my other medicines with those same issues which other medicines had not helped with in the past. "
"This antidepressant literally saved my life. I had tried every other medication for bipolar depression, and nothing worked, not even a little. Then after 2 weeks on Cymbalta, the feelings of worthlessness and hopelessness subsided, my mood changed dramatically for the better, I could actually concentrate, and I&#039;ve had no problems with taking it after a solid 2 months. I would call this a miracle pill for those with unmanageable bipolar depression."
"I was suffering from intense emotional pain for year&#039;s &amp; year&#039;s. Had tried to commit suicide so many times I&#039;ve lost count. This went on &amp; on &amp; on &amp; I was so lost. I&#039;d tried so many different medications &amp; none of them worked. I used to sit in my bedroom rocking backwards and forwards crying everyday. I self harmed so much my arms are now really ugly. Just couldn&#039;t die. Then..... escitalapram! Wham! It all went! Just like that. Literally 2 day&#039;s later after I started taking them the pain was gone. I&#039;ve been on them for 5 week&#039;s now &amp; I have never been happier! It&#039;s like a miracle! I look forward to each day &amp; I&#039;m doing thing&#039;s I haven&#039;t done for so long again. I can breathe. I&#039;m free! :-)"
"While taking lower dose I felt better than since taking higher dose, my breathing suffers more also more light headed"
"You guys,  the skyla was only in since May and I found out I was pregnant in October. Worst experience ever. They did an ultra sound and found that the skyla was lower than it should be in my cervix, and that&#039;s how I got pregnant. Fml, I can&#039;t trust a single birth control method."
"Using lyrica for chronic back pain. Pain is much improved. My quality of life is very good now. Took a couple of weeks to work."
"I have just recently got my second shot a few weeks ago, and since I received my first shot I haven&#039;t had any periods or abnormal bleeding or spotting. I don&#039;t even get any side effects. It has helped so much since, I used to get severe painful cramps and lay in bed for the week when I had my periods. It makes me have a lot less things to worry about like chance of pregnancy, periods, cramps, and a lot more things my body was emotionally drained from."
"Took 3 if these yesterday afternoon, was fine all night, till about 5 am the cramping and vomiting are so severe."
"I always been tired a lot (chronic fatigue), but symptoms worsen after my son had a near death auto accident, he was only 4. I took antidepressants for 8 years. It worsened my Chronic Fatigue. I was a mess, everything was falling apart around me. I did research on Adderall and talked to my Doctor. I take 40mg a day, I can&#039;t explain how much better I feel. I have control of my life again. I have energy to care for my family for the first time in years. Side effect is irritable at night, insomnia but the longer you are on it and the earliest you take it doesn&#039;t cause too much problems sleeping."
"After reading most of the reviews about Mirena IUD I was mortified about the insertion. However I decided to go ahead with it and stick to the plan I had after having my son. I had the Mirena IUD inserted this morning and I felt nothing but a very light barely there cramp and that was the end of it. After having my son through c- section I thought it was going to be super painful but it was not. I want to tell the girls out there that its ok and if you can handle menstrual cramps you can handle the Mirena."
"I was given trazodone by mistake in the hospital after hysterectomy. I normally take clonazepam for sleep and asked for that but was given trazodone instead. One of the worst nights of my life. I was anxious and unable to sleep and whenever I closed my eyes I had visions of gory dismembered body parts that would not go away (like a vision of hell or something, crazy). It went on all night long, never experienced that before. I only took it that one night in the hospital (didn&#039;t find out til later it was the wrong drug). Evil, evil drug. At least for me."
"I&#039;ve RLS for about 5 years. I was on Nupro for about a year and it worked well until the last month, then it was like it made it worse. I&#039;ve been on Requip for almost 2 years and have had to up my dose a couple of times. I now take Requip ER in the morning around 11:00am, and take a 2mg pill at 8:00 pm and sleep through most nights."
"I am a 38 year old male. I have been deployed to Iraq 3 times and have very bad post traumatic stress disorder and could not sleep due to very bad dreams so my DR put me on 50mg Seroquel taken once at bed time and I sleep very well, in fact without it I do not sleep. I still have bad dreams (well that&#039;s what I am told) but I do not remember them and sleep right through them. I would recommend Seroquel to anyone who might be having the same problem that I was."
"I have, very recently, started taking this medicine. The doctor seemed very adamant that it would set me straight and make me super tired and sedate  as well, potentially helping treat my somniphobia as well as the bipolar. The medication has made me so manic that I am having mixed bipolar episodes and seriously feel like jumping out of my own skin. While I appreciate not being so depressed that I&#039;m laying on the floor crying my eyes out, I do not enjoy jittering and being so amped up that I start screaming every time something frustrates me. I am so manic that it is surreal. So much for Geodon helping me out XD"
"I started taking Ocella due to complications with a ruptured ovarian cyst. I&#039;m on my 10th day of taking it and I still have my period. I&#039;ve been getting chest pain and rapid heart beats, I have absolutely no sex drive and I have been experiencing the worst migraines of my life. I will not recommend this pill to anyone."
"This stuff usually works well for me when trying to suppress powerful cough. Took some one night, and helped for one hour. Coughing fits returned and thought my head was going to explode from pressure. Had no choice to try another dose. I had no other coughing fit that night."
"I was diagnosed with Chronic Idopathic Angioedema in 2005.
I was 8 months pregnant and woke up one morning and my face was unrecognizable. I called my Dr and they said &quot;oh it&#039;s probably just pregnancy swelling&quot;. I am an only child so I didn&#039;t know about facial swells. My husband came home and said this is NO pregnancy swelling. This was in 2003. It continued weekly so we took pictures and took to my obgyn. He had been practicing medicine for over 30 years and never seen anything like it,  I saw numerous Dr.s and was finally diagnosed. I was in the hospital and swelled up I was given over Benadryl. It took my breath away and couldn&#039;t speak. Another nurse came in and yelled at the nurse. It has 2 b given slow or its very dangerous"
"For the past year I have suffered pain in calf of leg which travels up theough thigh hips and back on walking it becomes extreme and I have to sit down, awaiting MRI scan on spine... physio say stenosis of spine and that I have a slight curve in spine... After reading reviews I decided to try these tabs I have only taken them for 2 nights ( 1 x 75mg cap) supposed to take 2 daily but I feel I cant wake up in mornings and have to force myself to get out of bed, for a couple hours after i still feel groggy and light headed throughout the day. I dont know whether to perservere with them, I have to say slight improvement with being able to walk with a little less pain. I live in Scotland so my prescription is free for this drug."
"started smoking at 14....now 37. I knew I couldn&#039;t quit without help and chantix did it! Afte two days down to one smoke, just finished the second week and haven&#039;t smoked 11 days!! No nausea ( always take with food!!) and vivid, it not bad dreams. I recommend to everyone!!!"
"I lived with anxiety/depression for years. Everyday felt like a struggle. I experienced a period of intense stress during grad school in my early 30&#039;s, and decided to seek help. If I only did this in my 20&#039;s I could have accomplished so much more. Celexa took away my anxiety and depression, but it took a couple months to work on 20mg. I felt like myself, I felt happy. I had no side effect, no weight gain, nothing. Since I felt so great I attempted to taper down and had bad withdrawal. I decided to stay on it. My 20mg stopped working after two years so I got up to 30mg...I think it &quot;pooped out&quot;. I have bad depression now- sleeping all the time and anxious. I was switched to an SNRI, but celexa changed my life and I&#039;m glad I tried it first."
"I have taken several different birth controls, and this is by far the best I have tried. My body is VERY sensitive to hormones. My doctor put me on Yaz first and it was a NIGHTMARE. They switched me to Lo-Loestrin hoping to get rid of the migraines, mood changes, and weight changes. (Yaz made me gain 8 lbs in less than 21 days- I&#039;m an avid runner and watch my diet VERY carefully. I was having to take 200 mg. of B6 just to get my wedding band off because I was retaining so much fluid) Lo Loestrin has been great. I immediately noticed a difference in fluid retention. I have had no bloating- no PMS AT ALL- didn&#039;t have a period either though. No acne, no mood swings, NO MIGRAINES. I wish it wasn&#039;t so pricey."
"I am a 44 year old Hispanic female. I am 5&#039; 1&quot; and weigh 156 lbs. I wear a size 10-12 dress. I started Saxenda yesterday, August 2, 2016. I am terrified of needles and did not think I would be able to give myself the shot this morning but I handled it like a champ.  I had some slight burning at the injection site but it quickly faded. I have had no nausea but have a horrible headache.I had a slice of wheat bread with 2 tsp. of peanut butter for breakfast and had to force myself to take a few bites at lunch.  I have no appetite and feel full after drinking a glass of water."
"Worst Medication EVER!! allergic reactions and cramps in leg from Losartan Mar, 2015, ended up on crutches, doc misdiagnosed fell on crutch broke rt wrist, metal plate in it now.Surgery on wrist, MRI showed complete torn ligament in rt ankle, Surgery on ankle, Dilauded 4 months, doc put me on Crestor/BP Meds, had a stroke, wheelchair bound,ran out of crestor/6 weeks, finally walking with cane, Doc put me back on Crestor. Allergic reaction to crestor after 2 months, rapid heart, dizzy, leg swelling,pains in chest,Massive leg cramps, Now left foot is barely usable, another ligament torn possibly,Then Mini Stroke, Dr stopped Crestor, Now I have Iron Deficiency ISSUES. Been off Crestor since June but all these side effects are still haunting."
"After taking one pill twice per day for three weeks I suddenly experienced in the middle of the night an excessive amount of blood being discharges with diarrhea.  This continued every two to three hours until mid-morning when I was admitted to a hospital.  I was dx with diverticulosis and admitted over night.  Was treated with antibiotics.  The bleeding stopped by midafternoon.  The following day I was discharged and then went to see my family Dr.  He did not believe that I had diverticulosis as I had NO pain associated with the episodes.  After reviewing my meds he told me I should contact the prescribing Dr(knee specialist) regarding the episode and continuing the meds for pain.  I was told by the surgeons nurses to stop the meds."
"I am 60 year old. I am taking vilazodone  10mg OD  for 3 days followed with 20mg from last 4 days. It is wonderful drug for GAD "
"It was the God send of meds for me!"
"Took this medication for my UTI and on the 3rd day it gave me a very bad yeast infection."
"I&#039;m a 24 year old female who was diagnosed with ADD last July. I&#039;ve been on Ritalin, Adderall and now Vyvanse. I started off on Vyvanse 30 mg about a month ago. It didn&#039;t do a thing for me. My doctor upped my dosage to 50 mg a little over a week ago. Since then things haven&#039;t been too pretty. My mind is clear, which is great but I&#039;m completely unmotivated to do anything. I don&#039;t want to clean. I don&#039;t want to leave my house. I don&#039;t want to do anything. I feel exhausted. I guess it&#039;s like a zombie like state that I wouldn&#039;t mind if I didn&#039;t have a child and a house to care for. I&#039;m hoping my doctor will switch me to Adderall XR. I&#039;ve always lacked energy and this definitely isn&#039;t helping."
"Had the IUD inserted as it seemed an easy, safe option. Low dose progestin dosed directly in the uterus where needed. At 42, the 5 years of birth control sounded great. My symptoms started 2 weeks after insertion which proved painful but manageable. I suffered from horrible fatigue. I had the worst lower back, leg, and hip pain for a couple of weeks. Then the constipation hit. I dealt with that on and off for two months. I suffered gall bladder attacks but the ultrasound and functional tests came back clean. I lost my appetite from the abdominal pain and nausea. Then the depression, anxiety, and panic attacks hit. Hoping to recover. It did stop my periods and prevented pregnancy."
"Taste not bad.  Better than the old product, a little stomach discomfort but overall it&#039;s good."
"I am Bipolar Type I and was switched to Saphris from Seroquel by my psychiatrist.  One dose and I began having suicidal ideation that I hadn&#039;t experienced in years. I had the presence of mind to call my psych doc immediately (it was a weekend) but she didn&#039;t call back.  I am a nurse and should have known better, but I took it the next day.  After the second dose, I was frightened I would act on the impulse.  Luckily I have a very supportive and observant husband.  I called doc again and she said to stop immediately, of course, as I should have after the first dose.  I saw her on Monday and went back to Seroquel.  Less severe side effects included numbness of my entire tongue and sick-feeling somnolence."
"This is my husband&#039;s second month on Votrient.  He had a CT today and it shows significant shrinkage in the tumors in his lungs.  The only side effect he is experiencing is high blood pressure."
"28 year old, first colonoscopy prep. 

even though it tasted gross, it was the worst part about it. I started drinking a lot of water the day before the prep (didn&#039;t eat less though). Took 3 laxatives the night before as instructed by my doctor the night before as well.

took first round at 5pm. Took the whole hour to drink plus the 32oz of water. Felt really full &amp; had to try a little not to throw up due to the sweet/salty taste. But I took my time.

second round at 10pm. Was easier to get down (maybe I was more prepared for the taste).

the thing I was most worried about was cramping and I had none. So that was cool."
"I had an (undiagnosed) bleeding ulcer (from gastric bypass surgery). Doctor prescribed the liquid form, but $500 for the liquid?? The pharmacist kindly told the pill form is $4. Ugh, I hate this stuff! I am supposed to take it 4 times a day, but it starts dissolving the moment it hits the back of my throat... Its like tasting nasty sand! The coughing fits almost get painful, and then it feels like it i&#039;explodes&#039; in my stomach- so I can forget eating for the next 3-4 hours. Ugh. Seems I have a choice (my &#039;pouch&#039; is still very small 5 months out), take this OR have room for hydration OR food, not all of the above, am asking my doc tomorrow about it..."
"I can leave my home and run errands without freaking out or sitting in the parking lot waiting for my husband or kids to drive me home."
"My son is 11 yrs old and was diagnosed with ADHD since he was 6 yrs and was on other medicines for 2 yrs now. He started Intuniv since last week and I have not seen any changes but I have read the reviews hoping to see some changes like u guys, will keep you posted."
"on March 21-25 I had my period. On March 26 I had an accident. My cycle ranges from 28-33 days. I took plan B within 1 hour that same day March 26. That day I got cramps and got really tired. The next day I experienced diahrrea. On March 31st I started bleeding again which scared me and it lasted 4 days. The bleeding was really light. I spent all April worrying.  I took over 10 home pregnancy test and they were all negative. Well today I started bleeding again which makes me 3 days late from my actual period. Yet on time from the plan B period. I never want to go through this ever again."
"Last night was day 2 of the medicine and I am feeling a big difference. The burning and itching is gone.  It itches once in a while but not as bad as it was. It was hurting when I would pee not any more. I also been using it as itch cream too so when ever I insert the medicine I wipe some on my area and I&#039;m good all night. Hate the fact it&#039;s for 7 days but it&#039;s working for me tonight will be day 3."
"I have been suffering from allergies since the beginning of time.  I am very sensitive. I take allergy medicines, allergy eye drops, get 2 shots 2 times a week.  The one thing I hate is that nasal drip.  Nothing worked for me. I have tried every nose spray from steroids to non-steroids and the co-pay was expensive.  The main issue was dripping back to my throat, the need to blow my nose a lot after use and that nasty bitter taste I get from all of them. 
I saw Omnaris commercial late one night and I searched reviews.  I was hesitant, but people said it doesn&#039;t drip to the back and there was no taste.  I got a sample of this from my allergist. 
AMAZING. NO DRIP, AND BEST OF ALL NO TASTE! It is the best so far. I will continue using it."
"This is a fantastic medication for strep throat. Only downfall is the vaginal discomfort. I find taking a pro-biotic pill 2 times daily while on it prevents the discomfort."
"I got this implant about 16 months ago, and at first, I hated it and I wanted to get it removed. But, I kept telling myself to just give it another month, and I&#039;m glad I did. Like many others, I experienced a lot bleeding and spotting. I would spot for two weeks, and be on my period for a week. I was off my period for only one week. It was very frustrating. I lived with that for a year. At the year mark, things changed - I stopped getting my period! I only spot for a day or two, and only once or twice during the day. At the begging, I did experience headaches, but that only lasted for about a week or two. I am happy with this implant."
"OK it may be effective, However if you loose your voice thats NO good!! After [5] days that was enough for me. Just like Addviar I had to quit using so the Dr. prescribed Symbicort.?"
"Product works for me, was very dubious but decided to try it as a last ditch attempt before an FUE hair transplant.
Don&#039;t need a transplant now I am thrilled to say! New fine hairs started to grow after five weeks and didn&#039;t notice any shedding at all. Best to keep track with a shaving mirror. Now at three months and my old hairline is returning which is almost beyond belief! My only fear is that this progress will slow but I am keeping fingers crossed, things are looking good and the fine hairs are thickening and darkening."
"I simply could not go on without Lyrica. I have a peripheral neuropathy known as Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. I experience numbness, pinching, burning, tightness, and severe pain in my feet and lower extremities. I have had to stop driving. The condition has caused a wasting of the muscles in my legs, which has led to problems with walking and balance. It is a progressive condition which I&#039;m led to believe will one day cause similar symptoms in my hands and arms. As soon as I assume a horizontal position (as in going to bed), all the above symptoms return and I find that the Lyrica cannot control these very well. I take the maximum dose of 600 mg spread out over 24 hrs."
"I got Mirena as a birth control solution and a solution to my very heavy, 8 day - 10 days painful periods. I wasn&#039;t suggested it by a doctor I pretty much came to the decision myself. I had been on the pill, which didn&#039;t affect me negatively at all (still got very heavy periods though), before that I was in the Depo shot, which made me bleed non-stop for three months. So I was very skeptical about Mirena. 

I&#039;ve lost my periods all together, and I&#039;ve noticed that when &quot;I&#039;m supposed to be on my period&quot; I don&#039;t have any type of discharge or anything of the sort. What I DO notice is when I have a very stressful situation I get discharge for 24 hours, brown-ish discharge. 

No pain, no weight gain, brilliantly perfect!"
"At 16 I had a traumatic experience that gave me my first panic attack. Since that day, I have suffered from on-again-off-again anxiety that sometimes spirals into full blown panic attacks. Simply put, this medication has been a gift from the heavens. I rarely take it because I am told it is addictive, but if I feel like I am getting anxiety and spiralling, it literally stops a panic attack cold. In fact, since I have been prescribed the medicine, my panic attacks have plummeted, simply because I have gained control over them. I know in my head that if my anxiety wants to test me, I can stop it. This gives me a feeling of control and has reduced my attacks by 95%. It has changed my life."
"With being on this medicine in a day and a half I am experiencing chronic diarrhea it is horrible I will not take this medicine no more I did not know no side effects until I Googled for side effects."
"I have been on this pill for about a year and a half now... At first, my periods were heavy and irregular but now I am down to a regular cycle of one really light period every month (lasting about 2-3 days max). Before I started the pill, I had problems with acne and now I have virtually none at all. No weight gain. The only negative side effects that I&#039;ve experienced are some weird mood swings every now and then. But for me, this pill is everything I could have hoped for, just wish it were a little cheaper."
"I was having pretty severe post surgical pain. Oxycontin gave me a pounding headache and caused depression and insomnia. Tramadol did not help. I started taking Nucynta 50mg yesterday. I must say it on a scale of 1 to 10 my pain is now a negative 10! When it wears off its pretty sharp and uncomfortable. Taking 1 50mg tab every 4-6 hours. Dr said I can take 2 pills but haven&#039;t needed to. I recommend this for anyone who has issues with the usual pain medicines. I have also been drinking prune juice because it does have constipation effect."
"I was prescribed this medication when I was 14 for OCD and panic attacks. During my time on it I took between 150 and 200 mg and had a very negative reaction. The medicine made me unbearably tired, so much so that I experienced visual hallucinations due to such extreme exhausting. Also, I now have major gaps in my memory from that time. I think Luvox can be effective, but be careful with it, especially if you&#039;re young and/or very small (I was less than 100 pounds at the time so you can imagine how I&#039;d react to a dose like that). It got rid of many of my anxiety and OCD symptoms, but at what cost? By far the strongest SSRI I have ever taken. Tread carefully."
"I&#039;ve been freaking out recently, because I just don&#039;t understand what&#039;s going on down there or inside my body. 
I didn&#039;t have a period for about 6 months, but then early this year I experienced some random spotting. The following month I had a full blown period but then pinky brown spotting that didn&#039;t stop for months. I was in and out of the doctors insisting that there was something up, but I had several blood tests and a transvaginal ultra sound and all was clear other than one harmless cyst on my ovary, which the technician said most women have month by month but never know. I get brown spotting for about a week after my period every month and pain after orgasming. I can only assume this is the implant now as all tests show nothing..."
"Wow. That&#039;s all I can say about lamotrigine. I&#039;ve battled bipolar 2 since the onset of 15 yrs of age. I&#039;m 35 now. I was misdiagnosed several yrs back as ADHD. They prescribed  adderall for over a year, which made me manic and I became addicted. Terrible experience. I waited 2 yrs and was terrified to take my therapists suggestion of trying lamotrigine to stabilize my mood after diagnosing me as bipolar. I started taking it 4 months ago after a major manic episode and I can&#039;t believe the difference. My anxiety and depression is gone and moods are stable. I keep waiting for the shoe to drop but I&#039;ve been stable since starting it. A miracle I&#039;ll tell you! I had headaches the first couple months and heightened sex drive but now I feel normal."
"Gas, bloating, nausea, spitting up froth, feeling of tightness in the chest, extreme debilitating pain in waves in left shoulder radiating into left shoulder blade, pain in lower back, chills, runny nose"
"I have had severe panic attacks since high school. I can not be in or on anything that moves. I have been on 4mg Klonopin a day for almost a year and I still have 2-3 panic attacks a day plus it has made me extremely irritable, agitated, angry, aggressive and depressed. I have been on every benzodiazepine, tricyclic, SNRI&#039;s and most SSRI&#039;s, always in combination 2 or 3 at the same time. Some worked for a short time, some not at all. The best combination was Xanax, Zoloft and Imipramine for five years then it quit working. I&#039;ve even tried cognitive behavioral therapy with no luck. The only thing I&#039;ve not tried is Paxil and Prozac. I have a doctor&#039;s appointment next month to discuss other medicines. Maybe I need a new doctor."
"I have had anxiety all my life but refused medications. I had my second child in 2013 and had post partum depression &amp; anxiety attacks really bad November of the same year. I tried Lexapro but I had a bad reaction to it. My depression, panic attacks got so bad that I quit cold turkey. I went on a few more months without meds, just cried a lot, prayed and one day while in church I had the worst panic attack ever. I thought I was going to die and the thought of leaving behind children made me scared. I decided I have suffered TOO long and I was going to get on medication. My doctor started me on 10 mg of Paroxetine, I had dizziness, increased panic attacks but a low dose Valium helped. I upped dose to 20mg&amp; what a difference! I feel joy again."
"I had the worst side-effect from this medication.  I was originally prescribed it about a year ago for insomnia related to my Bipolar 2.  It worked to get me to sleep, but eventually I started to have enormous amounts to rectal pain, so I went off of it when I stopped cycling.  I was put on it again this year when my cycling started again, and I again had the same pain.   It was absolutely awful.  So I am off of it now and never want to be put on it again."
"I shared my experience in June/2016 when I started taking Linzess &amp; it was great at first. Unfortunately, the diarrhea continued every day and my stomach got big &amp; bloaty, headaches &amp; acne!? I tried every second day, at night, with more water but as time went on the side effects got worse. I was going to the bathroom, but not completely, with all the water &amp; gas remaining inside. I read posts about weight gain and watched myself carefully, everything I ate and worked out but suddenly noticed I was &quot;puffy&quot;. I realized I was dehydrated from the Linzess and I stumbled across an acticle saying &quot;dehydration slows down metabolism&quot;! I also started feeling a little down, I got off &amp; back to my old drug Resolor! Side effects gone &amp; I feel better!"
"I got my Liletta inserted 3 days ago, I was scared after reading the reviews. The insertion took about 10 mins... it was not painful at all. It was more of a pinch here and there that only lasted a few seconds. Once my Dr. was done I had mild cramps for about 15-20mins. But nothing major no where close to period cramps. My Dr. Recommended Liletta because I am unable to have Estrogen. I was previously on the pill and developed blood clots. I now have two in my lungs and several in my legs. Since I am on blood thinners, this is not a good time to become pregnant. So far no bleeding, I spotted the day of the insertion but that was it. I will leave another review in 90 days. "
"Epidermal cyst: I thought it was a pimple near the side of chin. I attempted bursting it but it only got bigger.
The problem had been there a while, I tried ignoring it!
My dermatologist said it was a cyst (epidermal). She gave me the steroid injection and told me that in 2-3days I should have results but allow 6 weeks for full results)
I just received the shot this morning and I already see positive results."
"I was put on this medication one month after it&#039;s FDA approval for Major Depressive Disorder. I was told it would probably take up to 3 weeks for a noticeable difference in my mood and behavior, but I noticed a difference on day 2. I felt like I was able to have emotions and feelings again. I was not as irritable or angry, and I felt like I had more energy and confidence. When I stepped up the doses I had the GI side effects, but those have  been resolved when My body adapted. I still get restless legs occasionally at night, and when I forget to take my medicine I get really itchy, irritable, and hazy. But the good outweighs the bad. I feel great! Try it!"
"Everything else failed or the side effects were terrible for me.  The Cialis 5mg daily has kept my prostate from enlarging and, per my doctor, reduced the size.  No side effects from Cialis 5mg for me, and the benefits are great."
"Gabapentin has been amazing for me! I have been battling bi polar my whole life. I am 50 now and have been on several antidepressants for the last 5 years. Nothing really helped. 

For the last couple years, I would wake up crying for no reason and not wanting to get out of bed.  

The last time I went to see my doc she asked me if bi polar ran in my family. I told her I wasn&#039;t sure but though there might be. 

She put me on 300 mg. The first morning I woke up after taking the med, it had an overnight result! I did NOT cry and was able to get out of bed easier. I was amazed that my life changed so much in one day! 

I highly recommend anyone suffering from bi polar to try this med."
"I have seen results within the first day of using it. Flagyl causes allergic reactions to me. I would take this before Flagyl. A lot of doctors prescribe Flagyl before this for some reason."
"Was prescribed 50 mg as a sleep aid. Been taking it for 6 years without having to change the dosage.  Works great, I always am able to get to sleep and stay asleep. Occasionally wake up drowsy if I take it too late or don&#039;t get at least 6-6 1/2 hrs of sleep. Other than that, no side effects that I can speak of. Would recommend."
"My husband uses Cialis 5 mg for once daily use, which has helped him overcome his occasional ED and symptoms of BPH. He no longer uses Tamsulosin. We are both very satisfied with the outcome. Cialis has helped to boost his confidence during foreplay and intercourse."
"18 years old, taken for one year due to a severe menstrual cycle that caused me to miss school. I took it near-continuously, skipping the placebo pills unless I forgot a day. On average I had a pill period every three months, which were much better than my normal periods. IMPORTANT: this medication is to prevent, not suppress, periods. If you have frequent or abnormal breakthrough bleeding, listen to your body and let yourself have a period. Desire was gone but taking the pill an hour later than usual for two days changed that, giving me more control. My acne is gone, my grades are better, I am more fit, and I feel more independent. This medication has greatly improved my life and I highly recommend it for women who are physically mature."
"I lost a lot of water weight in the first few days, but my edema did not improve. I ended up having to combine it with Lasix. The cocktail of diuretics controlled my edema, and I have not had another flare up in a year. The combination took a few months to get it under control, but I did start to see the swelling go down within the first week or two. The negative was that I had to take mag-ox and potassium pills that were horrible to swallow and the mag-ox gave me headaches for about the first month."
"Great medication. I would recommend to anyone who want to lose weight the safe way. If there was ever a miracle pill for weight loss this would be it. It curbs your appetite without any side effects."
"I have been on Xanax 3 times a day for years. Recently my blood pressure has been high and my BP medicine alone was not working but when I take Vistaril and metoprolol twice a day and my Xanax as I&#039;ve been doing it definitely helps my blood pressure and anxiety!"
"Having been recently diagnosed with ADD at the age of 31, I would have to say that stimulant therapy has been a God send! My doctor first prescribed Ritalin-SR, and I felt it was not as effective as it could be, so she changed my prescription to Adderall-XR 20 mg and I feel it is working. 

I feel more focused at work with better concentration. I don&#039;t procrastinate as often as I have (my entire life), but one unexpected result of the therapy is I no longer feel irritable and short-tempered! I also don&#039;t feel frustrated as much as I used too. My staff and co-workers have noticed the difference and have told me they don&#039;t feel the need to &quot;walk on egg-shells&quot; around me! 

So in summation, Adderall is certainly doing the trick!"
"Started taking &quot;Cymbalta&quot; (Duloxetine 60mg daily) just under one year ago. I was suffering from SEVERE and debilitating anxiety, everyday, all day for months. Prior to that I had been suffering with anxiety mildly for about 5 years, with the occasional anxiety attack every few months. It rapidly changed to a severe problem where I was battling anxiety attacks daily, even multiple a day. I was sure I could &quot;beat&quot; anxiety with exercise, therapy, better work/home life balance, and being an overall healthier version of myself. But I quickly learned that there was no &quot;beating&quot; anxiety. So instead, I reluctantly decided to treat it with medication. And it has SAVED my life. I actually have a life now."
"I started on phentermine 37.5 august 6th it&#039;s been 13 days, side affects constipation dry mouth.  I have dry mouth any ways due to other medications.  At first I had energy but it&#039;s decreased not sure if it&#039;s the heat. I eat 1300 calories a day a drink loads of water mostly plain ice tea.  So far about 8 pounds loss. Started weight 217 now 208 . I usually walk 2 miles but due to the heat I can&#039;t,  I was hoping for a bigger loss but I have constant back pain, which doesn&#039;t help having Cage in my back. But I keep trying everyday. I&#039;m not giving up!!!! It&#039;s a start :) my goal is 150..."
"I am a 50 year old male who has slight hypertension and thyroid issues.  Slowly over the last 5 or 6 years I have noticed that obtaining and maintaining an erection have gotten more challenging, sometimes to the point where the erection is completely gone and having to get it again to finish off.  I have also noticed some challenges around urination, weak stream, feeling of a bladder that isn&#039;t empty and immediate urge to urinate.  My doctor prescribed 5mg Cialis daily and the erectile issues were gone almost immediately, my wife says it is just like it was 25 years ago.  I also notice that it appears to be somewhat fuller when not erect.  The only side effect I had was for about 3 days, my nasal passages would plug up, that is now gone."
"The most side effects I have ever heard of. I experienced nearly all of the side effects at one point or the other over the last month and a half. I am currently bed ridden trying to get off this medicine. It&#039;s a nightmare."
"Taken 3 doses of this stuff for UTI 
It&#039;s godawful... I went to work with a boiling forehead and headaches, took some pain pills for the headache but my forehead still felt like it was melting off. Go home, take my third dose, headache comes back and is wicked... my tongue is cramping and my throat feels strange, I&#039;m afraid to fall asleep. Never taking this stuff ever again."
"I been taking this birth control for 2 months and I hate it, I am bleeding all the time, it&#039;s not helping with my periods and I get cramps so bad it hurts to move sometimes. Worst birth control ever"
"I have been on this medication for 4 years now.  There has been a 20 pound weight gain, so far.  My GP is always after me about the weight gain however I would rather be fat and happy then suffering from the pain it used to cause. I also take methadone as a pain killer.  The sad part to the Lyrica is the price."
"I&#039;m trying not to freak out. I just had a baby 2 months ago today actually, so I&#039;m not wanting another one right away. But last night we decided to not use a condom but my partner did pull out. But I was still so worried and freaking out. So today he went and got the plan b it was about 19 hours after we had sex everyone&#039;s stories made me feel better, I&#039;m suppose to start in 5 days still a bit nervous thou"
"Symbicort did nothing for my adult-onset asthma. In fact, I get the sense that nothing is coming out of my turboinhaler. I am going to ask my doctor to switch me to something else. I am very doubtful about the turboinhaler delivery method. What was wrong with conventional inhalers? Nothing, I suspect. The turboinhaler is just a gimmick that should be recalled."
"Started taking this with Lexapro - I would wake up in the middle of the night and not be able to fall back to sleep.  I hated that so I stopped taking it."
"Upon starting Sustiva, I noticed that I felt very dizzy and somewhat drowsy, as if I had just drank 2 or 3 glasses of wine within about 30 minutess of taking the medication.  Also, it gave a similar confusion feeling. After going to sleep - it is recommended that you take the medication on an empty stomach and just before going to bed, I woke up without any hangover, drowsiness, or dizziness the next morning about hours later. I did have a little bit of nausea, but nothing that eating didn&#039;t resolve."
"Tried other meds for arrhythmia but all had side effects I couldn&#039;t deal with. This one was most tolerable although it causes some fatigue and dizziness at times which are issues I already deal with-Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. I try to take it at night or at a time when I can rest after taking it if I need to."
"Usally works within 15 mins"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 1 year and I&#039;ve gained 30 pounds. I&#039;ve been the same size for years until I started taking this pill. My emotions are crazy but it does make my periods shorter and not as uncomfortable"
"After I noticed my Levora birth control was no longer helping my face stay clear of PMS-related acne, among other symptoms, I asked my doctor to switch me to a new birth control. She gave me Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. I just started my second month on February 21st during the week of my period. My period came as a surprise because I had absolutely NO PMS symptoms. No breaking out, no migraines and no cramps. I have not experienced any side effects with this birth control, either. My doctor made an excellent choice for me. I hope my second month will be just as successful."
"I love amitriptyline.  I take 125mgs every night and my symptoms have been greatly reduced.  I still have days where I don&#039;t walk so good but I have a lot more good days than bad.  Before I started on this medication I wondered how I could live my life.  I also get a great nights sleep.  There are drawbacks for me. It has cut out a lot of my social life as I take it about 8pm.  I don&#039;t have the sexual drive I used to but I am lucky enough to have a wife that understands how much better I am physically in other aspects of my life.  Some nights I am not so bad but other nights I am ready for bed by 9:30.  I don&#039;t have as much pain as I used to have, but I also have stenosis, scoliosis and osteoarthritis of the spine."
"I have been on Macrobid for a urinary tract infection for 4 days and still do not have relief.  I have called my Doctor and he has now prescribed me a sulfa drug.  I have used the sulfa drug in the past and it works quick.  I am miserable on the Macrobid, exhausted, irritable, weepy, nauseous and a have a headache.   "
"I&#039;ve smoked for four years. Started at age 14, I was up to a pack a day and was tired of being sick all the time and waking up with my chest killing me. I&#039;ve always known about Chantix but didn&#039;t know how it would make me feel because I would get bad nicotine fits. I was on it for only 2 weeks and didn&#039;t want anything do with a cigarette, the smell alone made me nauseous. I didn&#039;t even have to finish the other two weeks. Chantix didn&#039;t make me depressed or have weird dreams. Yes I got irritated but that&#039;s expected. I&#039;ve been smoke free for 95 days. People can smoke in front of me and I will not be phased by it. I suggest Chantix to anyone who wants to quit and has tried all other options. You can do it!"
"Works pretty good but doses only cover 8 hrs.  Because my shifts start at 5 am and can end anywhere to 8:30 pm, I have to guess at my 8 hr. Window.     When I take 1.5 pills per day, I run out too fast and the pharmacy holds the script. Then I crash for several weeks until refill.  Nuvigi and provigil are true wonder drugs but I personally need 250 and 125 simultaneous as we go into a 24/7 society, I need covered at least 12 hrs."
"On metronidazole for the 3rd time in the last few months( I completed all the  previous course prescribed)  and had a tooth extraction  of my back tooth following a failed root canal. I have been prescribed again with a metronidazole as I know amoxicillin would not touch the ongoing abscess ... I am on my 3rd day  of metronidazole 400 mg thrice a day and no signs of abscess settling down and don&#039;t think I can do with the side effects anymore. I have headache, feeling spaced out, moodiness and trouble sleeping for the last 2 days.It&#039;s 2:40 am and I am wide awake and not had a good night sleep the night before..  I just can&#039;t bear the idea of being in too much pain over the Christmas holidays and hoping the abscess will drain now tooth is out."
"Hi I thought I would share my experience to help others make a good decision. 5 years ago I was diagnosed with a Panic Disorder, GAD, and Depression. My initial struggles ended up with me on Celexa. This drug did work but took a long time for to take effect. (4 months). Last September it finally just stopped working. I went through a major period of depression and withdrawls until I finally found Zoloft. I had immediate effects! It turned my life around I now have zero side effects. I do have some lingering anxiety but nothing I cant handle. Occasionally I take a clonazepam to settle my kettle."
"I was taken off Citalopram after a relapse into depression due to bereavement issues and put on to Sertraline, initially 50mg/daily.
This didn&#039;t work and so, on my GP&#039;s advice, my daily dose was increased to 75mg. This dose has also proved ineffective but, worse than that, it has triggered severe insomnia. As I write this, I have been awake for 22 hours straight and still don&#039;t feel like sleeping. I have also lost my appetite.
I have taken many medications throughout my life (I am 56) but Sertraline is the only one where I have experienced any side-effects. I would be wary about taking this medicine."
"I have been on Humira for 11 months now, and have seen no long term or overall improvement with my HS. During the first month where the dosage was very high (4x at week 0, 2x at week 2, week 4 starts the 1x a week dosage prescribed for HS) there was a noticeable improvement, but it quickly went away and my skin kept (and keeps) progressing while on Humira.
Injections in the tummy are much less painful than injections in the upper thighs, and leaving the pen out for 30-60 minutes before injecting probably helps (I have never injected without doing this, so I can&#039;t say either way). Injection site soreness, at least with me, is fairly minimal and goes away within a few hours.
I haven&#039;t really noticed any other side-effects at all."
"I have anxiety and am agoraphobic. I have constant anxiety, which I can usually deal with without medicines. But when my anxiety becomes extreme, clonazepam calms me quickly. It also works when I take one before I am going to be in a situation that I know will cause my anxiety to be intolerable (like a crowded grocery store). I take them only as needed, not necessarily every day, so I don&#039;t worry about addiction or withdrawals. However, I did go through withdrawal once. I found that cutting back on my dosage over a couple of days alleviated my withdrawal symptoms. This medicine has helped me face my fears and I fully expect to one day either use it rarely or completely stop needing it."
"I&#039;ve been on nucynta 150mg for months, I feel no relief of my pain, which is sever in my back. This drugs doesn&#039;t even make me sleepy, it&#039;s as if I&#039;m taking nothing! I feel it is worthless as a form of pain management!"
"Let me put to rest the biggest misconception about Suboxone.  You&#039;ve all heard or have said it before.  &quot;With Suboxone, I&#039;m just trading one addiction for another.&quot;  That&#039;s WRONG and I&#039;ll tell you why.  An addiction is a compulsive behavior that we do and continue to do despite HARMFUL CONSEQUENCES.  I was addicted to heroin for a couple of years.  My life was going down the tubes.  I was suffering consequences left and right, but I kept using.  Now lets talk about DEPENDENCE.  We are dependent on a substance where if we STOP taking it, we will have harmful consequences.  A diabetic is dependent on their insulin, if they don&#039;t take it they could get very sick.  If I stop my Suboxone, I could suffer bad consequences.  Kapeesh?"
"I&#039;ve been on Bentyl for 3 1/2 years and my IBS is so much better when I take my pill. Initially I had severe dry mouth that lasted for about 3 months, but I no longer have that side effect. I take a pill one hour before I eat, and I can pretty much eat without worrying about a flare up.  If I eat a meal or snack with little or no fiber, my stomach gurgles and I get gas but no diarrhea."
"Dad always had some amount of general anxiety but managed it reasonably.  In approx 1982 he was prescribed Xanax after his Dad died unexpectedly and he was instructed to take X as needed.  He&#039;s been on and off X ever since then and has needed progressively more.  About 20 years ago he &quot;graduated&quot; to other medications including anti-depressants and at one point was on a combo that resulted in a nearly-successful suicide attempt.  He never had suicidal thoughts before or after that particular combo.  He&#039;s now old and his life is in ruins.  He takes X throughout the day but is at the max and cannot take more.  Please be aware once you start on these medications you&#039;re in it for life.  Dr&#039;s know this -- job security for them!"
"After at least a year of worsening anxiety, I tried essentially anything I could think of to manage it, but resorted to something I never wanted to: medication. I started off taking 25 mg once a night before bedtime and it made me have some really vivid and bizarre dreams (I probably dreamt more in the past month than I have in the last three years combined) and kind of felt like I hadn&#039;t slept at all the next morning. The day after I started taking it, I felt Really exhausted and depressed. The second day I felt almost manic but every day after that, I&#039;ve felt amazing. No sickness to my stomach at thoughts that used to rule my life, and I&#039;ve got so much more energy. Give it a shot and keep in mind that it can take a few weeks to help. :)"
"2 years with yeast infection...I have tried so many antibiotics such as metronidazole, doxycycline, candid v3 insert  &amp; candid v-gel and it is not work on me. I&#039;ve decided to see gynae and she gave me diflucan 150mg and now I am totally free from yeast infection for about 2 month. No more discharged going out. I feel so grateful. Thank goodness for diflucan"
"I have never written a review about a product until now! I&#039;m a 34 year old female &amp; started getting chin acne in my late twenties- nothing helped, I tried everything from Proactiv to Tretonion to antibiotics! About 4 months ago my dermatologist put me on Atralin &amp; oh my what a difference in 4 months! I even go without makeup now! I never get a pimple now it&#039;s wonderful &amp; it makes my skin look Dewey &amp; hydrated not dried out &amp; flakey as with the Tretonion I tried. Highly recommend Atralin!"
"My son was diagnosed with Tourette syndrome at the age of 6 and he is now 12. He has taken everything clonidine, klonipin, seizure meds, topmax, haloperidol, and a host of other meds at first the Orap was a God send because he went from a lot of meds to only 3 meds. His doctor had a hard time getting approval at first because he wasn&#039;t quite 10 yet, but after the approval, for the first 6 months it worked well, my son began to gain a little weight but it was a good thing because he lost so much with the other meds but after that first 6 months his tics began to increase."
"So when i first start taking birth control i was 15. It was my mothers idea and it was supposedly to minimize cramping. Anyways I started gain weight and immediately stopped taking the pills. Zoom forward to 23 yrs old and Im recommended by my gyne to take these pills. Well ive been on this pill for 3 months now and just realized I gained a whooping 20lbs in those 3 months!! And i know for certian ive conciously made better food choices in regards to some modeling events coming up. On top of that my acne has gotten awful in my adult hood but this pill made it worse! I started getting large painful cyistic acne on my forehead. I also experience a decrease in sex drive, fatigue, and increase in vaginal discharge. BEWARE"
"Started taking it this evening and the injection didn&#039;t hurt at all, didn&#039;t even feel it.  I did feel a little  itchy and burning sensation after though.  I did have a little panic attack after I think I had just worked myself up for all of the worse side effects.  It&#039;s been a few hours and haven&#039;t felt any nausea or any other side effects. Hopefully it will stay that way.  Excited to start this journey."
"I have suffered with hives since I was pregnant with my first child - 7 years ago! I tried everything! Seen an allergist, omitted foods, drinks, soaps - everything. Multiple trips to the ER and steroids. I suffer from migraines but can&#039;t take any ibuprofen/advil/tylenol/motrin because they give me hives so bad that my hands swell up nearly to my elbows now. I discovered Xolair and just had my first 2 injections yesterday! Took a while for insurance to approve it. So far I feel fine other than a sore throat, but not sure if that&#039;s an actual side affect or my daughter sharing her cold hehe. I read so many of these positive posts and I am so excited to have started treatment!!"
"I&#039;m 37 yrs young with no kids I just had my implant taken out today and good riddens!  It was horrible I bled everyday on this I hated it! My OBGYN put me on a low dose estrogen bc pill in addition to the implant because of the constant bleeding. I gained 20 pounds even despite the fact that I am a vegetarian and workout 6 times a week. I&#039;m glad that thing is out! I&#039;m going to Skyla IUD."
"I have been on tegretol for seven years now,I still have general pain with the occasional flair up of unbearable pain that I had before taking this medication.  I am also on a high dose of folic acid as I became very anemic, this caused tiredness.  It was just by chance I was diagnosed with TN after being in extreme pain for over 6 months, many doctors and tests one specialist just said it could be this, let&#039;s try this drug it may not work but if it does we are on the right track.  To be honest with you if she said I needed to cut off a limb to ease the pain at that point I would have asked for the knife.  I was miserable the pain was unbearable and so was I.  I do feel it is not working as well after all these years may be due for review."
"Taking it since last 3 days, no side effects so far. I am hoping that after a month my rest results come up better. I am already undetectable. I hated taking 4-5 combination for drugs. Now I am happy with a pill."
"Pain went away within 5 minutes. You become veryyyyyy relaxed and want to sleep. That could be the mono and surgery talkin to. Mild halucinations when you close your eyes and VERY VIVID dreams."
"Started Taltz on 4/29/17 and took my final does a few weeks ago.  I had such high hopes but it did not work for me. I&#039;d taken Humira for years with amazing results until it stopped working last October. Then I tried Stelara. Skin got worse, much worse. Taltz seemed to help a little at first. Thinned out some of the plaques. Then it stopped doing even that and my skin has gotten progressively worse.

Another note on Taltz...the injections HURT.  I found them by far more painful than any others. And it didn&#039;t stop hurting after the injection. Also, I had huge injection site reactions from it, 6 inch welts. It would have been worth the pain if it had worked. It didn&#039;t."
"Is definitely a mood stabilizer!"
"Caused severe nasal congestion that made my cold symptoms much worse.  My sinuses are now extremely swollen, I have fever and chills now, and earaches.  The congestion and drainage have increased. My coughing to top that off!"
"I was 14 years old when I had my first real bad panic attack. I have to say it was the most scariest things that could have happened to me at that time. The attacks were coming once in a great while, I had no clue what was happening to me. I really thought I was nuts, losing my mind something like that until they started getting worse as I aged. The Dr. assured me that yes I had a problem, gave me the medication. I never felt so much better in my life. After 7 years of not knowing there was help for me I couldn&#039;t ask for a better doctor, it has been life changing."
"Have had restless legs syndrome for 7 years and MD tried multiple medicines (Requip, Neurontin, Carbidopa/Levodopa).  All worked OK but still had RLS in the day and night.  Then, I hurt my back and was put on Tramadol three times a day.  My RLS completely went away but I had problems peeing.  So, I went off and those symptoms went away (but the RLS came back).  So, now I take one pill a day and the RLS is gone and I have no side effects."
"My doctor gave me a three day course of 200 mg per day.  I have taken it the last couple of days and still itchy but zero discharge.  I never had the discharge but the swab showed that it was yeast.  The itch has been unbearable with inflamed clitoris :("
"16 year old daughter was having headaches and was doing infusions with medications. Used Zofran for nausea. Immediately after it was injected she had a severe allergic reaction, could not breathe, felt her throat tighten up, shortness of breath, dizziness, anxiety, shivering and sweating. Oxygen was given and this passed quickly within 5 minutes. Was observed in ER and there were no other effects after that episode."
"I was diagnosed at 18 but has had mild tics since I was about 5. They got much more intense as I got older and I was first put on a few other drugs but none really helped. I&#039;m on 8mg of orap a day and it helps for the most part until I&#039;m in public or a stressful situation but has generally helped. I started getting muscle spasms as a side effect but was put in benzotropine for them and they&#039;ve gone away now. It makes me a bit drowsy and I had dry mouth for the first few weeks but with water and coffee I&#039;m able to function fairly normally! My tics are still obvious but improving. Overall it&#039;s been helpful."
"I have been on Portia for a year now, and this is my 7th brand of birth control pills. In the first couple of months I started Portia, I had crazy cystic acne, and not because of Portia, but this pill cleared my face to where my acne was non existent. I have always suffered with acne and I have never felt better about myself. Well now that I have been on this pill for a year, in the past month my cystic acne has come back FULL force. It&#039;s horrendous. I have no idea if it&#039;s the pill causing it or what because it actually cleared my face this whole time. On another note, I have always suffered with heavy periods and terrible cramps to the point of wanting to throw up from the pain. Now my periods are SUPER light and I have little to no cramps."
"After being on Depo Provera for five years, I decided to try the Nuvaring. After having my second and last child, I went back to the Nuvaring. I love not remembering taking a pill daily and the ability to skip periods (there is still a chance of breakthrough bleeding, but it is light). I am diabetic, so the amount of estrogen in contraceptives is a concern; the Nuvaring has 15 micrograms which is lower than many OC&#039;s (besides Lo Loestrin Fe which has 10). Unlike OC and POP, weight is not a factor with effectiveness. At first, the side effects I experienced were breast tenderness and vaginal irritation. The side effects went away after the second month. I had to get used to the insertion, but now it is no problem."
"I am a 40 year old male who since I can remember, would sweat excessively under his arms.  It does not matter if I was stressed, if I was hot, cold, etc.  The worst is when it&#039;s 20 degrees outside, I&#039;m freezing, yet my shirt is soaked under my arms.  That drove me nuts.  I used to sit at work, and keep a stash of paper towels at my desk that I would sit under my arms so that the sweat marks would be less visible.  Black was my favorite shirt color, especially on days when I had to present to a room full of people.  I applied Drysol the first night and the next day, 100 percent dry!  I feel like a new person!  I can wear tighter shirts and I can even wear grey!  There was some discomfort after applying, but it&#039;s well worth it, in my opinion!"
"After being on seroquel and then shortly zyprexa I was put on latuda 40 mg. It gave me a lot of anxiety and strong restless feelings so I dropped to 20 mg and it helped. I&#039;ve since gone back up to 40 mg because 20 wasn&#039;t helping all my symptoms. It helps a lot with suicidal thoughts and negative obsessive thoughts and I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;ve lost weight on it. The anxiety can be kinda unbearable at times but in the overall scheme it seems to be worth it. I would go up to a higher dose but my insurance won&#039;t cover it. I take it at night with something to eat and if I do have uncomfortable feelings they go away within a couple hours. Overall I would say it&#039;s a pretty good med but be careful because it is pretty potent even at low doses."
"I have only been using it for 3 weeks. I am 38 years old and only now been tested for ADHD (it seems I have had it all my life). Now I can sit still in one place longer, start and finish a task, etc."
"I have tried all the pain killers including morphine, Dilaudid, IV and pill form and many many others over the past 10 years. Nothing seemed to help. For the past 8 years I have been on Norco. It has helped take the edge off my pain. 

I am chronically ill with Lyme disease, co-infections, herniated discs in my neck and too many others to list. My body likes Norco the best. "
"It works very well for me."
"I have been trying to lose weight since October 2015. Well, long before that, but October was when I became desperate. I suffer from depression, which had made me gain 16lbs in 2015 alone. I went to my doctor and asked about Contrave after doing extensive research. I was on Wellbutrin for depression and I felt like it had stopped working so I opted to go off of it and that allowed me to start Contrave. I filled my prescription on December 16th. The drug made me  tired, but I never woke up tired. I woke up feeling very well rested. Very slight headaches now and then, but nothing horrible. That was the only side effects I have had. It is 1/3/16 now. I went from 216 to 204lbs today. I&#039;m loving it!"
"I am 25 year old PhD student. I have been taking Prozac for 5 weeks now. It started affecting me on the 3rd week. I felt so much more active and I had hope for living. I am working more efficiently and my sleep schedule is perfect. I am gaining some weight which means I should also start exercising. I still have vivid dreams and wake up several times during the night but I don&#039;t mind it because my life has changed so much and I feel so happy after years of depression."
"I&#039;ve been taking Kadian 60mg 2x day for severe back, knee, hip and hand pain. I have a failed knee replacement from 10 years ago and have been taking Kadian ever since.  Controlled pain mostly but also taking Norco 10/325 two pills 3x day for breakthrough.  Just yesterday my pain doctor increased the Kadian to 80mg in the morning and 60mg at night.  I can&#039;t imagine what my life would be like without the pain relief I get from Kadian.  I tried Fentanyl patch with no relief (then I heard of the deaths caused by the patch), and tried Oxycontin and again no relief, so Kadian is for me.  Only issue is it is extremely expensive."
"Cipro really cured my urinary tract infection, but around my eyes I had hives and face swelling. But the medication out weighed the side effects.  I will take Cipro again."
"Got it in the beginning of the year. Everything was good for about a month. Then I started bleeding constantly. Haven&#039;t had a break from bleeding for about 2 months now. Spent almost as much money for pads/tampons as I did for the out of pocket money for the implant. Hot and cold flashes are terrible. Still have period cramps. Only thing it&#039;s done good for is preventing pregnancy and it hasn&#039;t made me gain weight. Definitely getting it taken out though just so the bleeding will stop and everything will go back to normal."
"This stuff hurts. I took three like an idiot, at around 9:30 last night. It&#039;s sometime before seven in the morning, and I&#039;m going that&#039;s for sure, but my stomach is in my throat!! The cramps are horrid, and I want to vomit."
"Was prescibed Lexapro for anxiety and panic disorder.  Only could give this a neutral 5 rating as the side effects stopped me after a week from experiencing the possible benefits.  I am told that this is a very good drug by my doctor and shrink alike.  It gave me more anxiety and crazy chest pains.  I was on 10mg daily."
"This is the best medicine I have found for cough due to allergies or colds.  Clears up symptoms so they don&#039;t worsen or develop to the point that you end up going to Doctor."
"This medicine has literally changed my life.  I went from being afraid to go out to eat because I didn&#039;t know how my body would react, to being able to eat anything I want at any time without any stomach upset.  It made my mouth really dry when I first started taking it, but that went away within a week.  Slight additional drowsiness on occasion.  I also get drunk very quickly when drinking alcohol on this medication.  Those are the only downfalls - but they&#039;re so worth it."
"I was well impressed with this laxative - completely emptied me - 14 visits to the toilet after the first dose - and a friend of mine also had the same - 12 movements"
"This works for diarrhea after gall bladder removal.  I am so thankful for those of you who wrote comments, it spurred me to ask my doctor for a prescription.  All I take is two pills with breakfast a day, sometimes only one pill.  There are no side effects, and it has relieved my sometimes 5 times a day bathroom runs and given me my normal life back!"
"Was given a 6 day pack of these pills to prevent inflammation after two root canals. No side effects thus far. However, the taste of these tiny pills are terribly awful! Almost a kin to metronidazole. Just take with orange juice or milk to dilute. Yet, my teeth feel almost back to normal! yay"
"I have had severe migraines all my life (35 yrs) tried every other medicine out there- this is the ONLY medicine that works 100% of the time with no bad side effects. All the other medicines had side effects and didn&#039;t even take away the headache more than 50%! They ARE discontinuing prescribing this for migraines this year. When they do- I do not know what I will do besides lay in bed all day because Fiorinal is the only thing that makes me able to function when I have a migraine."
"I&#039;ve been on Yasmin nearly one month and my skin has improved so much! I&#039;m so happy! I feel so much more confident my skin still has a few spots but literally nothing compared to what it was like before! About to go on my Seven day break so hopefully it doesn&#039;t break me out but so far I&#039;m really impressed the only down side is my moods have been all over and I have been up and down it was really bad when I first started on it but it seems to be settling down now! For me it was worth going through that to help my skin because it affected my confidence!"
"I&#039;ve taken Yaz for 3 months now and it has cleared up 90% of my acne. All I have left are some tiny clogged pores which are clearing. I have adult acne and tried every OTC, prescription, and expensive creams, microdermabrasion etc and nothing worked. Previously intolerant to the pill, but on Yaz I&#039;m calm, happy, no problems. Be warned, the first 6 weeks your face will look horrendous, worse than ever,  but it gets so much better."
"My doctor put me on 37.5 mg regular (generic brand) for about 2 weeks and I was so tired and still depressed. So she upped my dosage to 75 mg XR. And after 2 days my anxiety was out of control and depressed so I had be watched 24/7. So I finally got off it after I switched backed to 37.5 before going cold turkey. I didn&#039;t  have any withdrawal symptoms. Good luck to anyone on this medication."
"I took Ella one on the 28th of September 4 days after intercourse with my partner as my implanon had been expired for 3 days which I was not aware of until after, so in panic, took the Ella one tablet. 

I did not notice no side effects except from a brown discharge after taking and slight cramps on and off for the next 3 weeks and a little sickness. I also had tender breasts. I was convinced I was pregnant as a week had passed from my period due date of the 8th of October, by this time symptoms had stopped and I started getting cramps again, I finally came on my period on October 22nd just over 2 weeks late!!! 

I would recommend Ella to anyone in my position as it worked for me."
"I began taking Nardil and Ativan after my psychiatrist had tried many other antidepressants.  I only became more anxious and panic-prone.  Gradually my &quot;conditioned response panic attacks&quot; began to decrease in frequency.  I began to have confidence that the medication and my own awareness of my body&#039;s response to certain situations could be controlled. I have gained weight, but I have lived a near-normal life."
"I was given 100 micrograms every hour plus 50 micrograms every 30 minutes as a push button in a drip for cancer pain and it worked great. After the Morphine dose was above 20mg every 4 hours I was given the drip. It worked great for pain and had very little side effects, only constipation but that was because I was on it for 30 days.
I would strongly suggest for any type of severe pain and/or cancer pain if morphine or Dilaudid isn&#039;t working or isn&#039;t tolerable."
"My injections are done in the morning and before I take Victoza my sugar is at 102. It was getting out of control with Amaryl and Metformin only. This has been the &quot;answer&quot; for me.  I have had a little bruising from injections but that is the only side effect."
"I had the Mirena for 5 years. It was awesome. Light periods, only had to use panty liners for a couple days. I had it taken out after the 5 years were up and within 5 weeks I found out I was pregnant! (Which was my intention) doctors do recommend letting your body have a few normal periods after removal if you are trying to get pregnant. Nearly miscarried 3 times with severe bleeding and had pre-eclampsia but don&#039;t think that had anything to do with the Mirena. "
"I was on this med for a little over a week. Right off it made me feel great everything was good. And I really liked it and I was happy I found something that worked. But after a week it started to make me really really  hungry I could not get rid of the hunger. So I had to stop taking it. I have a hard time to find a med. that works. I had the genetic tests done and there is a lot of meds I can&#039;t take. So it is hard to find one that works. I have ADHD and there is not much meds I can take. Vyvanse was a  question but it worked well just made me hungry. I wished it did not make me hungry. Now I hope my Doctor puts me on another ADHD med."
"I was prescribed Augmentin for a severe sinus infection. After about 3 days of taking it, I developed this weird skin rash first on the knuckles of both of my ring fingers, then noticed I had the same spots on my knees in the same place on both knees. This spread to both of my elbows also and creeped me out a little so I just stopped taking the medicine altogether. It did seem to take the sinus infection away, but I make sure to tell my doctors I&#039;m allergic to it now just in case I have a more severe reaction in the future. This rash just looked like red dots, no burning or itching either... Pretty strange."
"Today is my first day taking the shot. I feel nauseous weak and the place where they gave me the shot hurts and I took it @9 this morning and it&#039;s already 4pm. Is it normal to feel depressed or cry for no reason during pregnancy. I had a baby 4 years ago whom passed away due to a cervix being thin had her at 20 weeks and now I&#039;m pregnant with my second child and I&#039;m 16 weeks. I hope everything goes well and I stop feeling like this"
"I&#039;m only on day 1 but it has calmed my heart rate right down from 140bpm to 88bpm"
"I have been on the patch for about 3 months now, I used to have severe headaches every day before starting Xulane. Now I rarely get them - only on my period. I also have not had any issues with the patch coming off, if anything it is hard to take off at the end of each week and actually quite painful! Also, the week before my period and during my period, I have intense mood swings and become extremely irritable and emotional. So, 2 weeks out of 4 in every month, I feel pretty terrible. I am considering stopping the patch completely, as it is becoming increasingly difficult to manage."
"I have mild social anxiety and low self-esteem. Whenever I have to speak in front of a group of people, be it a short introduction or a 15 minute presentation, I start blushing uncontrollably, my heart wants to pound out of my chest, and my voice starts to tremble. It&#039;s absolutely humiliating, especially when you&#039;re in graduate school and your peers speak competently. I tried out 10mg of propanolol (I&#039;m a petite 5&#039;1&quot;) an hour before my presentation today and was stunned. I not only did not feel terribly nervous, but I was CALM - almost lethargic. When I walked up to the podium, I could feel my nerves emotionally, but my body gave no unusual responses. Unfortunately I did get mild chest tightness a couple hours afterward. Worth it? Totally."
"Before going on this birth control I had mild acne. I wanted to go on birth control to clear up my skin but Trinessa did the total opposite for me. It made my skin ten times worse. I would wake up every morning with a new huge welt somewhere on my face and horrible pimples around my mouth and jawline. I continued using this birth control in hopes that it was just an initial break out and it would clear up (like everyone said it would) but after 6 months my skin was still horrible. The day after I stopped using Trinessa my skin cleared up almost instantly. I would not recommend this birth control to anyone. It is horrible. Even after being off of it for almost four months I still have scarring. Please find a different birth control!!"
"I only started talked Carbamazpine 6 days ago after the Dr told me I &quot;possibly&quot; have TN. My symptoms of extreme pain in my teeth/jaw on one side started a month ago only when I have something to eat/drink that isn&#039;t warm or if I breath through my mouth. I am only on 100mg twice daily and have had only a minor side effect of a very slight feeling of &quot;spaced out&quot; rarely though. The meds seem to have reduced the severity and length of the pain already but I&#039;m hoping a trip to my Chiropractor can help even more. I will let you know how that goes."
"This drug gives me total relief within 30 minutes, usually closer to 20. It is amazing! I have noticed my mouth becomes heat sensitive (as in a cup of coffee) in the first 2 hours after taking Frova but this is a minor side effect."
"Was on Serzone for 10 years. The best antidepressant ever and I have been on most of them since my tour in Vietnam. No sexual side effects on like SSRI`s or SNRI`s. Then they took it off the market. Just recently went back to nefazodone. Serzone works so good."
"I have been on and off different birth controls for he past 6 years, including the mirena IUD, Nuva Ring, and other pills. The mirena made me lose weight and bigger boobs, but it also made me Crazy. Like a psychotic to my husband, and my acne was horrible. The Nuva Ring cleared up my face amazingly well, but made me gain weight like crazy, which in turn made me depressed. Some other pills I tried (can&#039;t remember names because there were probably 3 different kinds) worsened my acne or made me have crazy mood swings. A year After having a baby my doctor put me on mononessa, and it&#039;s the first time I have been happy with my birth control ever! My face is normally clear, weight is normal, mood swings low, periods normal to light."
"Because Flexeril made me really drowsy I asked for an alternative and was given Metaxalone. I found that it worked just as well without the drowsiness and I was happy with it. I take it for when I throw my neck or back out. Then I started taking Viibryd (anti-depressant) two weeks ago. I checked here for interactions between it and Metaxalone and it said there was none so when I needed it for my back this morning I didn&#039;t hesitate to take one. And oh my goodness, I became super drowsy and pretty nauseous. I was also a bit unsteady on my feet. I had to climb in the bed and sleep it off."
"I&#039;m 24 have 3 children 4, 3, 11 months. I have been addicted to pain killers since I was 21, and I had to get off of it. My kids where suffering and my whole family. I found a great doctor and she gave me Suboxone. I have never felt better in my whole life. I&#039;m so much happier. I don&#039;t spend my whole day looking 4 my next dose. I spend that time with my kids and my husband is way happier. "
"I broke my back in 02, i was sent home 4 hrs after being told i broke my back in 2 places.  It was a Saturday morning and i was handed 2 demerol pills and told to get a hold of my family doctor for full time pain management.  I was put on 8mg hydromorphone every 4 to 6 hours.
After being told the fractures were mended, i had a whole bunch of uninary problems, and paralysis to parts of my body for a week to 5 months.  
After being told everything had mended i tried to go back to work, i just couldnt wasnt enought pain control so dr added 150mcg/h of fentanyl.
Now i only take the Hydromorphone for break through pain"
"Kept it about a year before asking for his removal. 9 months bleeding almost non stop and half of my boob size vanished, leaving them like 2 empty sacks (I&#039;m 22). They kind of grew back afterwards but never got back to their initial shape."
"Works for me.... it has been a  cheap miracle drug"
"I&#039;m a 70 year-old guy who has had BPH for over 10 years.  Was taking Avodart, which worked OK, but had the sexual side effect of reducing the amount of semen I produced, which greatly impeded my sexual performance.  Switched to 5 mg daily of Cialis 5 months ago.  I was pleased to find that semen production returned to normal in about 2 months, which was the main reason for switching drugs.  But much to my surprise I found that it reduced BPH symptoms by about 90%.  It&#039;s turned out to be a miracle drug for me--no side affects that I&#039;m aware of.  Enhanced erections is an extra benefit."
"I am Bipolar II and have been taking Lamictal 200mg for the past year with great success but I started experiencing severe depression after a manic episode. My psych prescribed Latuda about 9 months ago. In the beginning I was on 40 mg and I began to better but my psych thought if 40mg is good 60mg is better. Well that turned me into a zombie. My whole body slowed down. I became extremely claustrophobic like I was going to stop breathing. I had to take it at night with dinner because it knocked me right out. I had my psych reduce my dosage to 40mg then to 20mg. However now that I&#039;m on 20mg I still feel some depression so I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s worth being on. I do get Latuda for $15 a month using their savings card with my insurance."
"OMG 
it&#039;s been half an hour that I inserted this med inside now and I can&#039;t even began to tell you the feeling of it! It burns and itches like hell. I&#039;m at a point to go inside the shower and wash it off but will handle it like others for now. Hoping the next dose will be smooth  :&#039;("
"My sister has been on this drug for 2 and a half weeks now.  She has had suicidal thoughts on more than one occassion. She&#039;s also having to triple her dose of Trazodone to sleep due to the insomnia.  And her depression is worse than ever. She&#039;s also become very aggressive."
"I recently started Contrave. I lost 10 pounds in a week and a half. It&#039;s been interesting. It&#039;s like I am hungry but I don&#039;t want to eat, and I&#039;m okay with it. I changed my routine up a bit and now it&#039;s going really well. I eat a really big healthy breakfast, skip lunch (I&#039;m really busy then) and then I eat a light dinner. I make sure to drink plenty of water! 

I started with one pill a day and then moved to two. I had a pretty intense panic attack so I had to stop taking it. I have started back again but only with one pill a day. Two is obviously more effective, but Not at the risk of having panic attacks."
"I have been taking this medication a little over 7 months now. I take it so I don&#039;t have to get my period. I used to get  awful period pains and now I have absolutely none!  I used to struggle with acne and was worried it might make me break out, but if anything it made my skin clearer. Also my breasts went up a size and haven&#039;t gained weight anywhere else so far. When I first started I dealt with a little breakthrough bleeding but that went away after a week or two. So for me personally I have had a really good experience with it. I would recommend trying it, BUT if you feel depressed or get bad side effects like others on it, I would try something new right away. It&#039;s just about finding the right birth control for your body"
"This is hands down (for me) the best birth control I have ever been on.

I have been on Ortho Cyclen for years and my current insurance doesn&#039;t cover it soooo my Dr switch me to TriNessa.
I was literally terrified to take a different pill.

With TriNessa
I have had no cramps, no menstrual headaches and insanely LIGHT flow.  I also feel better. This bc has honestly been the best pill for me."
"I use Cymbalta for Fibromyalgia. I am in the land of living once again."
"I was a pack a day smoker for over 30 years and have tried to quit several times. The cravings were just too much to get over.  I had finally gotten to the point where I thought smoking was such a disgusting and expensive habit ...I just wish I could quit! My doctor prescribed Chantix for me one day and I let the prescription sit on my desk at home for 2 weeks before I started taking it.  I figured it wouldn&#039;t help but considering I spent $200 for it, I thought I would at least try it.  By the 3rd day, I hardly had any cravings at all. I even tried to smoke a cigarette but snuffed it out. It just didn&#039;t taste the same! I have had NO side effects except some crazy dreams....but honestly, I kinda like it!  Love this medicine!"
"This by far is the worse freaking mistake I could have ever made using monistat 7 ... the burning is unbearable .. I can&#039;t stand it!! Ugh!!"
"Got the implant in July 2014 after giving birth to my daughter. No period and no bad side effects until June of this year when I stopped nursing. Then began the random bleeding (for anywhere from a few days to weeks at a time). I have gained weight about 10lbs, but I&#039;m not entirely sure if that is from Nexplanon or no longer nursing. All in all, it&#039;s not horrible, but I really don&#039;t like bleeding all the time!! I&#039;ve been thinking about having it removed, but we plan on trying to have another child late this coming spring, so I&#039;ll probably just try to hang in there a few more months before having it taken out. It is effective!"
"I&#039;m 20 years old and had my daughter about 8 months ago. I&#039;ve had the mirena for about 7 months now. Getting it inserted did not hurt at all. At first, I was extremely upset. Hated it. I bled for 4 months. After 2 months I went in to the doctors because I thought something was wrong. Went in, nothing was wrong. They told me to wait it out a little longer. After about 3 months the bleeding slowed down. Became spotting. After 4.5 months, I stopped bleeding. I have no complaints. I&#039;m glad I stuck with it. I&#039;ve had my period once so far and it was very light. I haven&#039;t experienced any acne, mood swings, etc. so far, I&#039;m happy and hope the next 5 years will be a good experience for me."
"So I was having cramps for 2 days decided to try this by recommendation. Took 3 tablets at 9:00 pm woke up at midnight with chills the worst cramps since childbirth &amp; ran to the restroom! 2 hours later I woke up to thee worst sweats &amp; nausea wasn&#039;t sure which end to put on above the toilet! Then woke up 2 hours later with the cramping again! So Yes this stuff works! But seriously start with 1 tablet and yes I stayed in bed the following day due to my lower back and stomach being so sore from the cramping."
"I have been on two other DMARDs (Enbrel and Orencia) with little or only so-so results. With Remicade I felt relief almost immediately with no adverse reactions. I noticed my inflammation and pain have greatly decreased but most importantly the fatigue that dogged me has lifted. I am hoping that this medicine keeps working for a long time. Best wishes."
"Husband became suddenly violently ill on Friday.  On Sunday, 4 year old daughter started running a fever that went away.  On Monday, 4-year-old fever was back mid-afternoon, husband barely moving.  4-year-old had diarrhea as well.   On Tuesday, 4-year-old tested positive for Type B, got liquid Tamiflu.   Very sick Tuesday morning, took first dose that afternoon.   Daughter vomited.

Wednesday daughter was obviously better, husband still horribly sick.  Thursday, daughter is up and dancing.  Still have diarrhea, but will take this over husband&#039;s version any day.   Expensive though.  "
"I was diagnosed with tendonitis and arthritis in the neck and was prescribed tramadol. It has really worked for me. I mostly take it at night, 1 tablet, to get some relief and some sleep for a few hours without pain. I used to take Percocet when I had a herniated disc in my back and although I got some relief, I was severely constipated, which I never am because I have colitis. After 2 bottles of stool softeners, a bottle of Metamucil, I was finally able to go. I got an intestinal infection because I couldn&#039;t go and I swore I&#039;d never take Percocet again. Tramadol is strong and can have side effects such as stomach cramps and nausea but only if taken on an empty stomach. It has to be taken with food to avoid the side effects."
"Please, someone come put me and my poor, poor vag out of our misery!!!! I want to die. It&#039;s 3:12am and have to be at work in the morning. I inserted the ovule about 10 p.m. I woke up at about 1:30 a.m. the most horrible intense deep burning &amp; itching sensation. I got up &amp; went pee, and wiped a bunch of gooey mess. Then put on some of the cream in hopes that the burning would stop. The cream made it so much worse! I have since tried an ice pack, the cooling wipes, anything I can think of to stop the horrible burning. I can&#039;t fall asleep. I can&#039;t get away from the intense burning. I wish I had read those reviews earlier! I don&#039;t know if the product actually works or not maybe once the swelling &amp; pain subsides I&#039;ll be able to tell."
"I&#039;ve been taking lessina for less than 2 months now (for my Pelvic floor myaliga )and I&#039;ve had a horrible experience so far. The end of the first pack (around the 2 white pill) I started my period and the first 2 days were fine (other than the fact that I&#039;m constantly in pain) but the 3rd day I was terrible I went through 6 pads with a bunch of clots mind you I&#039;ve never had clots with a period before. So I had to go to the ER.  Which they had to give me IV fluids and pain medication because the pain I had was so much worse than just the usually periods I get. They told me it was from the BC. And I should be switched right away. I also suffer from depression as it is and I&#039;ve just haven&#039;t been able to pick myself up. I&#039;ve been on so many BCs and nothing helps."
"My 7 year old daughter is severe ADHD.  Prior to Dyanavel XR, our best experience was with 30 mg of adderall XR.  But that had a profound effect on her appetite and ability to interact with other people.  We tried concerta which left her very defiant, Focalin and Vyvance were completely ineffective.  We tried Dyanavel for the first time one months ago.  I can&#039;t believe the difference.  She has an appetite, she socializes, she has a personality, she stays in her seat at school and actually works in her assignments.  After 4 days on this medication, her teacher called me and asked what had changed because she couldn&#039;t believe the difference. The only downfall is nighttime.  She consistently wakes up around 4-5 am with dreams."
"I was really worried based on some of the reviews but my Dr assured me I was a good candidate for it. So I got the Paragard today and the process was very quick with zero pain ( recently gave birth though) due to my Dr using ultrasound to make sure he placed it correctly. So far only experienced light spotting with no cramping. Only took less than a minute to place it. Right now I will give it a 10 based on experience today. So far, I feel completely normal and it&#039;s been about 10 hrs since I had it placed, but if anything changes I will be back with an update."
"Skin on my eyelids was persistently dry/peeling. Not painful or itchy, just an eyesore and gross. Tried lotions and oils, didn&#039;t help. Went to health center and was prescribed Desonide ointment, and within a couple days it was better. I have been applying about once every other day, and it has not come back. However, it was painfully expensive."
"I&#039;m 58 and have Osteoarthritis in both knees but have moderate pain in my right knee.  My Ortho Doctor recommended the typical 3 weekly injections for the right knee and said realistically they were around 50% effective.  I just finished the third injection yesterday and went from a 3-4 pain level to zero pain.  I can now walk normally without  limp.  Wow ..... what a difference!  The injections were not painful, just a little pressure and took around 1 - 2 minutes to complete.  I highly recommend to try at least the first injection.  If there&#039;s no relief, don&#039;t bother with the remaining.  Fortunately insurance covered all but $50 for the Orthovisc prescription plus my office co-pay.  Can&#039;t wait to get back to a good exercise routine."
"I am 19 years old, no kids and the insertion was painful. I love Mirena, probably the best decision I&#039;ve made in my life. Super effective, no side effects, and I have actually lost weight. I think everyone should try Mirena birth control."
"Caused vomiting with the first half of dosage. On the second half had vomiting with blood, bright red.was told to stop using it. had to have an enema just before the colonoscopy. The day after the colonoscopy, my stomach is still nauseated."
"Started on Pristiq just over 2 weeks ago. I&#039;m starting to feel less pain. Still a bit twitchy but definitely feeling better about life in general."
"I&#039;ve been on Mononessa for approximately 17 months to treat PCOS and prevent pregnancy.

PROS
1) Consistent periods
2) Little to no cramping
3) No spotting
4) No increase in acne

CONS
1) Digestive problems

This has been the most troubling issue.  Mononessa aggravated my constipation and no amount of exercise or dietary restrictions can alleviate this issue.  See below.

2) Weight gain

I lost about 8 - 10 lbs after the first 4 months of taking the pill but I&#039;ve been steadily gaining weight since then.  In fact, I&#039;ve surpassed the weight I was prior to starting Mononessa (&gt; 10 lbs) despite a healthy diet and exercise.

3) Hair loss (from the scalp)

I had to get another cover for my shower drain because it was so bad."
"Side effects, a bit of fatigue passed after four days. Weight loss 30lbs. 24 pounds in three months. Combination with low carb diet and simple slow cardio walking. Weight  loss doc as my regular doc does not believe in weight loss medicine. Steady, level headed weight loss and better blood labs for me. Not a doctor but this is right up my alley. Money well spent for my good health no insurance coverage yet."
"Alesse 21 is the first birth control pill I&#039;ve ever tried, so this might make the review a little biased, but I&#039;m still going to share my experience and hope it helps other women out there. So during the first month it was kind of tough, especially since it was the first kind of birth control pill I&#039;ve ever taken. I did not feel good emotionally. I had a quick-snap temper and it was taking a toll on my daily interactions (this was  about two weeks into first taking it) but now, it honestly doesn&#039;t affect me as much anymore. I never experienced any bad breakouts of acne, though I still have my occasional mood swing. In terms of period taking the pill definitely regulated my period and made it so much lighter than before."
"I had frequent intestinal distress (and I mean distress).  Janumet is a combination of Januvia and Metformin.  I switched to two pills, Januvia and Metformin ER.  ER stands for extended release.  It may cost more this way, but it eliminated the problem.  Those of you with a similar problem should talk to their doctor.  Most don&#039;t know that Janumet itself  used the immediate release Metformin....which causes intestinal distress in many users."
"This medicine really helped me with both depression and sleeplessness, the only negative side effects were that I tended to need at least 9-10 hours of sleep a night rather than my usual 7-8. Also I had some weight gain due to significantly increased appetite after each dosage."
"diagnosed at 15 (now 18) 5&#039;3 ft 226lb. first I took 500 mg twice a day, plus I had spirolactone . no side effects. no weight change. acne was clearing up!!!  was on dance team and did ballet. wasn&#039;t that depressed.

recently (about 2 months) 5&#039;3ft 230lb. 850 mg twice a day, no spirolactone. Acne came back (worse than ever), a little weight gain, more depressed, doing yoga now (quit dance team and ballet) no side effects.

and I have to take iron pills twice daily."
"I&#039;ve never taken birth control before. I&#039;m 24 and I got on it to try to stop sudden breakouts, I&#039;ve been on Beyaz for only 6 days.. I can see my oily skin becoming noticeably less oily and shine free throughout the day, which I&#039;m hoping will clear my face completely in the long run. As of now, my skin feels softer, less oily and seems to be clearing up. On the down side, I feel very, very tired. I&#039;m on my last week of school taking finals and I regret not having waited until after finals because all I want to do is sleep. I do feel a little more irritable than usual but it&#039;s manageable."
"Had been sick for going on a month now, First round of antibiotics was Amoxicillin 875 for 5 days. It worked up until day 5 and then had one of the worst rebounds I have experienced in a while. I am only on day 2 and I haven&#039;t felt this clear in months. I am a bit paranoid about the tendon and muscle warnings since I play soccer so I simply won&#039;t be doing any strenuous activities for a while. Then again, I tend to freak out when the slightest thing happens to me so we&#039;ll just see. 
You MUST drink lots of water with this Medicine.. it will surely dry you out. I was taking this with Allegra D 24 hour... and so far so good. Hopefully side effects won&#039;t be too bad if any at all. It does make you really tired though."
"I had severe anxiety, panic attacks...I worry all the time about everything, causing my blood pressure to skyrocket. I had been on blood pressure pills for 2 months but still having a heavy pressure in my chest/throat area, causing me to think I was having a heart attack.  Doctor prescribed Vistaril 25mg x 2 day for anxiety.  This helps me tremendously and I only have to take it once a day.  Hope this helps answer some questions someone might have."
"I am 41 years old and have been recently told that I have Multiple Sclerosis. I had 3 MRI&#039;s that confirmed it. My symptoms include tingling in my feet and right hand.  I am a runner and love to exercise. Getting ready to start taking Gilenya and am feeling very nervous about it."
"I had nexplanon for almost 2 years after having my son. It was great from 18 months or so with no bleeding but noticed lack of sex drive, mood swings, and extreme exhaustion with no ability to sleep at night. I had it taken out weeks ago bc I bled 3 wks out of the month for a few months with horrible breast tenderness and cramps like never before. I still have all the symptoms but shirt periods frequently instead of long ones. I can&#039;t say I wouldn&#039;t recommend bc everyone is different but I&#039;m not ok with any extra hormones in my body anymore."
"It worked okay, but the half-life for me wasn&#039;t enough.  It seemed as soon as the Ativan wore off, the anxiety came back swinging.  "
"I just received this birth control a while ago. I didn&#039;t even get my period which was due in a couple days after. The only bad thing is that my back cramps and headaches have gotten worse but it may just be my PMS. I am not experiencing any of the other side effects yet. The insertion was only a little painful, but even the weakest of heart could handle it. I would recommended this for anyone who does not want anybody to find out that they are on birth control, and it is a sure thing that you will never miss a pill, or a shot."
"The first week I had some very brief agitation (day 4) that lasted for about 30 minutes.  By the end of the first week, my cravings were nearly gone.  I am down to only 1 to 3 uses per day, which is a major reduction for me.  I plan to be completely done by day 20.    No other side effects.  Not feeling any nicotine withdrawal symptoms.  I plan to use the Wellbutrin full strength for 1-2 weeks after quitting entirely and then begin the taper process.    Amazing product."
"Originally diagnosed with Glaucoma, had laser eye surgery but over the years eye pressures increased and prescribed Xalatan Latanoprost no significant problems. But when chemist swapped for a generic make 2 years ago I had problems feeling queasy, palpitations, waterworks weakness, generally not feeling well. Changed prescription immediately, back to Xalatan, no problem. This happened again yesterday, given generic Latanoprost and thought I would give it a further try, big mistake, terrible nights sleep and will be going back to pharmacist immediately for change back to Xalatan! But if I had a choice I would not take any of these drugs, all very powerful."
"Joint pains Shortness of breath"
"Started taking this for chronic myofacial pain. At only 10 mg it&#039;s hard to notice a big difference in pain reduction but has definitely made it more tolerable. A little groggy at first and dry mouth but goes away within a few weeks. Absolutely no weight gain although I did feel early on I was really craving carbs. If you stay disciplined those cravings will go away . I haven&#039;t gained even 1lb and have been on it for over a year."
"Started prep yesterday at 5:30 pm, drank 32oz of water and almost immediately the flood gates opened. It was violent and nonstop. Was pretty much stuck to toilet for three hours and then off and on for another hour or so. Was able to sleep until 5:30 am but had to run to bathroom and it exploded again. Started second prep and could only get about half down and couldn&#039;t do anymore without gagging and spitting out. I have cramping and exploding stools again. I hope the drug companies bring back the pill my mom took years ago. I won&#039;t do this again."
"I was newly diagnosed December 2014. My CD4 count was 720 then dropped to 601 within 2 weeks. My viral load was at 37,450. I started Stribild February 19, 2015. My lab that was drawn March 13, 2015 showed my CD4 count at 840 and my viral load at 20. I have no side effects. I feel great. I&#039;m able to work 2 jobs, go to school, and raise my kids. Hope it stays this good."
"In 1990 with DDD of L4, L5 &amp; C3. I have a lot of sciatic pain, neck &amp; back spasms my Ortho put me on Soma 350 2x/day. I had 2 disc fusions done (L5 &amp; C3). I had to start going to P.M. in 1998, they put me on Morphine Sulfate 30 mg ER 2x/ day &amp;  Soma 2x/day. Since 2008 I&#039;ve been disabled, my body has been like a domino effect, I have Osteoarthritis throughout my body, DDD, Fibromyalgia, &amp; Nephropathy all extremities so bad that I&#039;ve been on the same meds, except both were 3x/day since 2011 up until less than 2 months ago, I had to change P.M. Dr &amp; this Dr is trying to Kill me with a med called &quot;Embeda.&quot; It has Naltrexone hydrochloride in it!!! DO NOT TAKE until you read all about it!! Along with No more Soma or any muscle relaxant."
"I&#039;ve been taking Yaz for over a year now. I switched to it from Necon 1/35. I was interested in a lower dose over the long term. My anxiety decreased and blood sugar leveled. However, I improved my eating and exercise habits, so I cannot truly attribute the cause or cessation of any symptoms to either pill. Yaz must be taken at the same time daily or spotting may occur. I cannot attest to its ability to prevent pregnancy as I use other methods concurrently. I would continue on Yaz if it were not so expensive."
"I had a seizure which led to them finding a brain tumor. They put me on dexa in the ER and was on it for 2 months after the craniotomy to prevent brain swelling. Don&#039;t quite remember the dosing, it was a 1mg or 2mg pill I took 2 or 3 times a day. 
I had insomnia (slept maybe 3 hours a night even on two percocet every 4 hours), painful acne all over my face and back, mood swings, crazy hunger and weight gain, erectile dysfunction, headaches and joint pain. I suppose it did what it was supposed to, but the side effects were horrible. Even if I had another tumor, I don&#039;t think I&#039;d ever use it again."
"I started taking 10mg of Meridia 9 days ago. So far I have lost 6 pounds. As for side effects honestly I really can&#039;t say that I can even tell that I am taking the pill. The only thing that comes to mind is one night I had slightly strange taste in my mouth and was more thirsty than normal.  This pill really works. I feel more motivated to work out and eat healthy, (the $120 price tag may have something to do with that too). At dinner half way through my salad I&#039;m full, I&#039;ve honestly have had no problem resisting the temptations of Starbucks mochas and the large bowl of mini-candy bars at work. Something that would have been basically un-heard of before.  So 6lbs down 35ish more to go.. Wish me luck!"
"I started phentermine only 4 days ago and I have already lost 10 pounds. I didn&#039;t think it was possible to lose this much so quickly. I weighed myself on 3 different scales and they all said the same thing. 10 pounds in just 4 days! I am so excited to see what happens in the next week or so."
"I was on this medication for a few years and it worked wonders on my mood.  I can get moody very quickly and while taking this medication, mood swings were rare.  Unfortunately, I began suffering from body tremors and had to stop taking it.  My hands would shake uncontrollably and my head actually shook back and forth.  I didn&#039;t notice it but when I would talk to my sister, she would tell me that my head was rapidly shaking back and forth.  That is why I rated this a 9 instead of a 10."
"helps if u have and pain at all"
"I got my implant in April of 2015. My April, May, and June periods were normal but July came, and It was normal, but brown in the beginning and end, then two weeks after my period, I had brown discharge for about a week then it stopped, then August period was a little early and brown in the beginning and end, but then again 2 weeks later I had brown discharge for about a week. I don&#039;t want to take it out, first of all I don&#039;t need to get pregnant and second of all I don&#039;t have the money to get it out."
"Tamiflu made me so sick....I already had the flu and tamiflu made me vomit.  Terrible drug. Costly and so not worth it."
"I&#039;ve had a migraine for 4 days straight and tried different medicines including Naproxen (which helps my mom&#039;s migraines), Exedrin Migraine, Advil, etc. Nothing provided ANY relief. This morning my doctor gave me Frova and a Dex shot. Within 45 mins my migraine, that&#039;s been plaguing me from the moment I wake up to the minute I go to bed, is finally gone. I am so happy I can now function again without the crippling pain that&#039;s forced me stay inside all week unable to move without my head throbbing. I am so grateful for this wonder-drug. I highly recommend it. Thanks Frova."
"I have been using Serzone and the generic versions for over 15 years now.  When the brand was pulled from the market, I tried Wellbutron, Celexa and Prozac.  All three had horrible side effects and I finally found a doctor who would prescribe me the generic of Serzone again.  This medication keeps me on an even keel, keeps the anxious thoughts from overwhelming me and helps me sleep at night.  My liver panels are always perfect and my only side effect is that I have to take it right before I go to bed as it makes me sleepy."
"Im going into hs, and my acne was getting pretty bad around my chin and forehead. It felt like every face wash did not work. My brother had been using epiduo and his face was clesring, so my doctor prescribed for me to give it a try. I was afraid id break out in hives and it would get bad from stories i read about proactive. After about 3 weeks, those cysts and hard acne disapeared . Follow the directions when it says once a day bc you dont want to irritate your skin. I to this day am using and havent gotten awful breakout since. I only get small whiteheads every once ina while. I feel like this product helped bc now i dont need to spend 50+ on facewash bc everything is fine as ling as i got my epiduo. Give it try and dont give up."
"Works much better than the oxy&#039;s for my arthritis.  I don&#039;t get such wicked side effects, either. The Opana winds me up but not nearly as much as the Oxycontins.  Also, the hot flashes are nowhere close to what they were."
"I&#039;ve taken it twice and it has worked both times! I had horrible cramps both times, but it is worth it. dont second guess it, if you think you need it buy it. it should work"
"I never had problems with acne as a teenager or young adult. I&#039;m 47 &amp; I started getting terrible, very painful,  cystic acne about 6 months ago. It covered the entire surface of my chin &amp; some around my nose &amp; mouth. I was mortified &amp; depressed cause of these horrific awful lesions on my face. I would do everything possible to avoid interaction with people, I hated going anywhere other than home &amp; even at home it was hard to let my man look at me. I had no clue I had cystic acne. I thought it was just hormonal changes. I couldn&#039;t take it anymore, it wasn&#039;t going away no matter what I did. I went to the doctor &amp; he put me on Minocin twice a day &amp; within a week my face is 98% clear. I can hold my head up again with confidence."
"I&#039;ve used this medication in the past and now recently for a bad throat infection, I was given the 5 day pack, after the first day (2 tablets) taken it started to feel better... And slowly it&#039;s been improving everyday. I did experience bad stomach side effects, diarrhea mainly, but I expected that since I wasn&#039;t eating well from the throat infection.  Took my last tablet today and I hope that it&#039;s gone but the symptoms have definitely improved. If you do get an upset stomach try to take it with food.  Good medication all in all though."
"Definitely improving my life. I&#039;m less stressed at work and life with the kids is easier.  Some social settings (crowds) still bothersome, but I&#039;m getting there. One of the pages I read warned about caffeine intake, they weren&#039;t kidding. I cut out caffeine and it lessened my mood swings.  Please read about interactions with other medicines when you start something new, it makes a difference!"
"I had some discomfort for about 3 days then the thick discharge and I knew I had a yeast infection. When I left work at 11 I went and bought this medication it did make the burning and itching a little worse after about 30 minutes of using it I went to bed at 12 and when I woke up at 8:30 the next morning there was no itching or burning just some discharge from the medicine working its way out of my body. Great product really."
"This is the worst cramping I have ever experienced. After taking one pill and waiting six hours or so I had a good 15-20 minutes of harsh cramping before the pill relieved any of my symptoms. Even after, I feel nauseous and I still have cramps. "
"I&#039;ve been using this medication for nearly 3 months now and I had under skin acne or blackheads I tried deep cleansing for a year and many other medications I tried retin-a and it removed my under skin blackheads but made my skin red .. After I used this pill it actually worked really well at least until now.  I recommend this as it made my skin better. But I don&#039;t know if I stop taking it my acne will come back or not. And the beautiful thing about this medication is that u don&#039;t have to worry about your skin anymore because its clear"
"I have experienced depression for years now and nothing seemed to work or I would get all of the side affects. A few weeks ago my Dr prescribed Abilify and wow, it works. I am taking 5mg a day currently. I say give it a try. It improved my mood my depression. After a few days. It has given me a better quality of life with my 10 yr old son. It has pulled me out of the dark . I hope it keeps working."
"I had the side effects listed. The doctor said it was serum sickness. However the medicine did not keep the platelets up for long. My last comment is the medicine is quite costly. "
"Yes it helped a lot and i love the fact that i can concentrate now because before i couldn&#039;t concentrate at all. The thing is that after a few hours, i start to feel really depressed and really emotionnal but i love the fact that i can express myself better now."
"I&#039;ve had sleep issues my whole life and had just sort of dealt with it.  I finally spoke with a Dr. about it and was prescribed Lunesta.  Over a couple of weeks, taking it ~3 nights a week, I was sleeping better for the most part. Then, my emotions started going haywire.  I was quick to anger and feeling paranoid.  I was convinced my wife was having an affair (she wasn&#039;t) and had multiple outbursts.  I have never been on any sort of medication for a period of time, so I didn&#039;t think to blame the Lunesta.  I stopped taking it and the crazy emotions have stopped."
"I was on Zoladex for nearly 2 years and I recently had to stop because my doctor chose to take me off. I absolutely loved it! No period for almost 2 years! I had hot flashes and have a scar on my stomach from the injections, but it was totally worth it. My periods have finally come back and I wish I were still on this miracle medicine."
"I went on this medicine for birth control. When I first started it I only got pimples the week of my period, I had really bad cramps(to the point I threw up every month), and I was really fit. 
Fast forward 6 months- my face breaks out all the time and is never clear (no matter how much I wash it), the cramps got better, and I gained 10 lbs all in my mid area. This medicine did make my boobs become fuller and my period was on time every month. 
This medicine also made me VERY moody and I cried over the smallest things almost every day. The weight gain + countless emotional breakdowns/anxiety attacks were way too overwhelming for me so I just switched to a different BC!"
"I was hoping that it would help with the itching from psoriasis but I got very little to no relief.  I took it at night like the directions instructed but I still could not get a good night sleep and during the day I still had severe itching."
"I have been taking Klonopin for MANY years. I started having weird feelings, like I was going to die, I kept ending up in the ER. The doctors kept telling me it was Anxiety. I DIDN&#039;T understand why anxiety would make me feel this way. When the Anxiety would kick in, I literally thought I was dying. My heart would race, my body would get tingles and I would feel chokingness. It was scary and still is. I have tried many, many anxiety medicines, Paxil, Effexor, Xanax, Lamictal, Geodon, and many more. NONE have worked the way Klonopin works. With Klonopin I feel safe and I do not get the jittery feelings. I am so grateful to have a medication that actually works for me. If I miss a dose I will get severe anxiety and a panic attack."
"this product was horrible.  had a bad reaction, a huge rash on my back and soon painful. do not use it"
"My doctor prescribed Cymbalta to combat the neuropathy in my feet and legs. Note: the first few months were great. The pain and tingles in my feet and legs went away and so did my depression! BUT After a few months, I began to get odd thoughts, manic, not characteristic of me. I told my doctor, who missed the signs. Two months after that, I began impulsive buying from an auction site. It got worse and worse, spending money I did not have, borrowing money from my paycheck and from relatives. Finally someone intervened. They recognized it was uncharacteristic and figured out it was the Cymbalta. I had to go through physical and psychological withdrawals."
"I started taking Trazadone 50mg after being diagnosed with depression and anxiety plus insomnia in January. I have been seeing my GP for four years on and off with insomnia and twice a year would leave the surgery with a few diazepam for a couple of nights sleep. Then an epiphany moment came whilst reading a magazine, my insomnia was caused by the menopause! Trundled back to my GP who did blood tests which established that although young at 43 I was in fact well and truly into the menopause. My Trazadone dose went from 50 to 100mg and then to 150mg at bedtime. I have been taking this dose now for six months and have not noticed any improvement in my sleep. I constantly wake between 3 and 4am every night unless I take one Lorazepam tablet?"
"Hi, this is an updated experience. 

I have now been on Vraylar for just under 2 months. 

Once the side effects (PAIN!!! Lack of sleep, blurred vision) wore off, it really became a miracle. Even other people notice a difference. 

I did have to increase my dose, which caused severe tiredness and restlessness for a few days, but all in all it wasn&#039;t horrible. If you&#039;ve been on stuff like Geodon, the tiredness isn&#039;t even comparable, but definitely tired. 

My biggest issue is the weight gain. I have BED on top of Bipolar and this has made my BED rear it&#039;s ugly head BAD. But, my doctor wants me to keep with the meds because he feels it&#039;s a side effect that will wear off. 

Overall, very happy with my improvement."
"I had a very oily Itchy scalp that was covered in yellow gunk that Shampoo would not remove. I tried nizoral which was fantastic at shifting the gunk and oil but four months later has done nothing for the itching. So I don&#039;t really know if it&#039;s seborrheic dermatitis anymore....!! It&#039;s slowly losing its effectiveness as times gone on. I don&#039;t think that Shampoo alone will fix any scalp condition, it&#039;s a holistic whole body approach that&#039;s needed."
"Today was my first day on mydayis 50mg. I was taking vyvanse 50mg but it was only helping for about 4-5 hours then wearing off. Today I could really tell the difference in my concentration/ focus and my energy; it was much better. I did however feel tired about an hour to two hrs after taking it but then got  motivation after that for the remainder of the day. Like I said my focus was better I wasn&rsquo;t running around my house like a crazy woman starting a ton of tasks and finishing none. I was able to get things accomplished pretty easily today. I am remaining hopeful that mydayis will continue to work for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking Cymbalta 30mg for almost 2 weeks now for depression and anxiety. My doctor said this is a very low dose which is why I feel only a minor improvement. Before this, I have taken Prozac, Wellbutrin, Zoloft, Trazodone, Buspar, Paxil, and several others. With all of them, they either had no effect or made me feel worse. Plus their side effects ranged anywhere from inconvenient to nearly debilitating. Cymbalta is the first medicine that I haven&#039;t suffered from any side effects at all. The next time I meet with my doctor, I&#039;m going to see if she will increase my dosage."
"This is my third time just now putting it back in . I&rsquo;ve never gained weight and have never experienced any side affects listed . I have no periods for the first two years and then the last year I start to gradually get a cycle here and there . A few months before I get It out the cycles become more frequent in a month time
My menstruation can be heavy or light at times . No consistency near the end . It affects everyone different . This is my experience and I love It and it&rsquo;s overall a cheaper way to go"
"I get migraines every day. Been taking 2.5 mg of Norvasc for about 6 months and still getting migraines everyday. Does not seem to be helping."
"Been on this for 6 months and plan and changing to a different one. My acne is ten times worse then it ever has been and I get moody/sad crying spells where all I can do is cry for no reason."
"It didn&#039;t do anything for me!"
"My cvs decided to switch my normal brand tri-sprintec to tri-estraylla. I had been on tri-sprintec for years with no issues whatsoever. At first i thought everything was going fine but by month 3 it got horrible. my period was heavy and horrible. i was in severe pain and i had so many heavy clots i thought i had a miscarriage. after this eventually subsided i had breakthrough bleeding, heavy and light, which has continued and is still going on even now. this has been 3 full weeks or more. its insane. it has ruined a lot of really good clothes because you wouldn&#039;t know when it was going to come and bam there it is. it has really put a damper on my sex life! totally disgusted. so i&#039;m forcing CVS to order my original pills because i am done!"
"I love this birth control! I previously had the implanon bc in my arm, and it caused really bad acne and I always had really bad cramps even though I didn&#039;t have a period. I&#039;ve been on zarah for about 3 months no and the only complaint is that I get weird cramps occasionally. Other than that my skin is completely clear (and I&#039;ve struggled with acne for a few years now), my sex drive has actually increased, and I haven&#039;t gained any weight. I&#039;ve always been moody around my period so idk if it&#039;s affected that much because it&#039;s always different. Overall I definitely recommend!!"
"I have been on the nuvaring for 3 months and have had a great experience.  For the first month I did have more mood swings and increased anxiety/depression, however I was in a bad situation so I think it just amplified it. Since then my body has adjusted and now my mental state is back where it was before. It can be tricky to insert but got better after some practice. I love not having to remember to take a pill every day, and although I get a bit of spotting before my period I do have a lighter flow and for only 4 days instead of 7. I don&#039;t have hormonal breakouts before my period and haven&#039;t had any issues with leaving it in during sex."
"I figured that this would be the best choice of birth control due to the fact I&#039;ve tryed everything else and nothing really seemed to work. Ive had it in my arm for 1 year already after having my 2nd child. At first it was great my periods completely stoped. And I didn&#039;t have to remember to take birth control cause it was already in my arm. I&#039;ve always been very outgoing which I still am but I have developed severe anxiety, and a bit of depression. Ive also develeped having insomnia I barely sleep at night and so tired that I just crash and I&#039;ve always have been so active . I&#039;ve also have gained 30 lbs. But the worst of it all no sex drive completely GONE."
"Lord have mercy! I never expected that a drug could have a life changing impact on my life. I have struggled with social anxiety all my life and have usually avoided any situation that would require me speaking, even amongst friends. Recently my job requires me to make presentations all over the country. This should be good news to any normal person right? WRONG! Its been a nightmare for me and I&#039;ve even contemplated resigning.I was desperate and turned to google and my destiny to stumble upon propranolol. I read all the reviews yesterday and immediately got a prescription from my doc. I went into my presentation this morning feeling confident but a little cautious and It was flawless; no increased heart no difficulty breathing.Thank you Prop!!!"
"I had unprotected sex on July 3rd and my partner and I used the pull out method. He didn&#039;t know if he pulled out quick enough so I knew I could be in deep trouble. I took plan b 16 hours after the incident. From my period tracker that I have on my phone I was said to be ovulating on that day. I have been worried sick ever since I took the pill because it&#039;s said not to work during ovulation/post ovulation. Fortunately, I got my period today, July 12th. It was a few days early so it did mess up my cycle a bit. I also had some side effects like cramping and fatigue. I am so relieved and I can say that this pill works for sure. Just try to calm yourself the best you can and wait for your period."
"I was hoping this medicine would help with my anxiety and depression but it made me feel terrible. I took my 1st dose at night, low dose of 7.5 then again in the morning...about an hour later.....I was so dizzy,almost fainted. My husband was wondering what was wrong with me. I lay down in my bed and stayed there till all these feelings went away. Didn&#039;t work for me!"
"I tried this med as a last resort. I had already tried birth control, Prozac and then a hysterectomy. I went to a new doctor desperate to find anything that would help. The mood swings, hopelessness, anger and lack of interest was interfering in my home and work life. I have been suffering for years and it was only getting worse. She suggested trying this medication in combination with a low dose hormone supplement. It has worked wonders! I am taking the 100mg dosage and I haven&#039;t had any side effects. I am 5 days past the time my PMDD should be starting up and feeling great!!!"
"Do not take this pill."
"I&#039;ve had HSV1 ever since I was 2. I had an outbreak then and again when I was 9 or 10. I&#039;d forgotten that I even had the virus until a week ago. I got a new lip piercing and 3 days into the healing, my lip blistered. It had been 25 years since my last cold sore but I remembered what those blisters meant. I wasn&#039;t able to get to the doctor until two days later. By then, the blisters had broken open and were all crusted over. I took 2 of the Valtrex as soon as I got them and another 2, 12 hours later. Within a few hours the pain started going away. The terrible burning was gone. It&#039;s been 2 days since my last dose and my cold sore is in it&#039;s final healing stage. With the little scabs. My lip is flat again &amp; the only pain is from the piercing."
"I rated this based on how the medicine worked in the beginning. HOWEVER over time my symptoms became worse, would happen during the day, and I had to take the medication around 6pm to be effective by 10pm. 

I am now on a low dose of Tylenol 3 that I take 30 minutes before bed. In the three months I have been on this regimine, my daytime symptoms have disappeared. I have not had to increase dosage or felt the need to take the medicine at bedtime (major concern of Drs is becoming addicted to anything with codeine/ opiate). 

Also tried gabapentin. It was a nightmare."
"After being on Ambien for years, at least years, for sleep, I decided I hated the mental fog.  My doctor prescribed Remeron. After several months of weight gain, I decided I had to lose the weight. I&#039;m 6&#039;5&quot; and I went from 310 LBs to 360 LBs in a matter of three months. Crazy, I know!
What I couldn&#039;t figure out was why I had an insatiable hunger. How bad was it? Usually, when I go out for wings, I order a ten piece. If I share an appetizer, I only eat 4; take 6 home for the next day. A few weeks ago, even after sharing an appetizer, I ate all ten wings, and when I got home I ate my wife&#039;s leftovers! So I ran out of Remeron and didn&#039;t get it refilled. After four days of being off it, my appetite is normal. Awful RX!!!"
"I began taking Topamax about a year ago after suffering from weekly migraines since age 15. I increased the dose to 200mg a day before it seemed to be a therapeutic dose for me. My migraines reduced a lot for a long time but I also do not drink alcohol, caffeine, or eat chocolate, cheese. The last few weeks my migraines are back with great intensity. One lasted 4 days. So I will be going back to my doctor. Topamax did not affect my appetite at all. I get occasional tingling."
"I take this as needed for anxious situations: i.e. the dentist (I would flee from the office crying if not for the Xanax), being around large crowds of people, etc.   It certainly takes off the edge that accompanies anxiety and helps me to be in situations that I normally couldn&#039;t.  It seems to take 45 mins to an hour to kick in so I am proactive in taking it to be prepared.  It&#039;s been a great help to get me to certain places and be able live life."
"A year ago I was given Dexilant on a trial basis after being diagnosed with Barretts.  I immediately had relief for GERD.  My only issue now is that I have had some chest pains that could mimic a heart attack.  I actually went to the ER a month ago to get checked out.  My EKG and heart was normal .  Now last night I experienced the same situation where the chest pain would come for about 5 seconds and subside for 10 minutes or so.  Very disconcerting. I am sleeping better at night and feel much less nausea than before Dexilant."
"My experience with Xyrem started about 12 years ago.  The first few months where very hard.  If I moved after taking it, I would vomit.  The headaches were almost unbearable and I lost weight, but after the first few months and 12 years later, the only side effects I have now are night sweats and I can keep that in control if I drink enough water throughout the day.  I can&#039;t even remember my life before Xyrem but I know that it gave me my life back."
"I started a clean diet a day in a half prior to the procedure. I then made the solution and refrigerated it that morning. I sucked on a lemon slice and then drank the stuff for 4 times every 15 minutes. When finished it took about an additional hour and 15 to start. No problems, worked fine.  
The trick clear liquids a day and a half prior. 
 Happy squatting to all, and use flushable wipes and end with toilet paper to dry."
"As a person who took Nexplanon for all three years, yeah it was hell my arm we terrible I was always in pain. It felt like I was pregnant all 3 years, I was experiencing pain in my veins its like I didn&#039;t have good circulation at all. My arms puffed out and cause stretch marks and yeah I went from 170 to 250 and after taking this implant off my arm I lost weight I am not tired, yet its been three week and I still haven&#039;t had my period. I suffer from depression and lots of anxiety mood swings and yes the implant did make it worst... a lot worst to where I had to fill my whole medicine cubby with a lot of meds. But it does work I will tell you that, the only thing that really bothered me was the mood swings and constant yeast infections."
"I am 31 and got my second IUD after having the first for 5 years and using the ring for the 2 years after removal. I praised the IUD to anyone who would listen and recommended it without hesitation. That is until I got the second one. I have had it for just over two weeks and discussed having it removed with my husband today. I don&#039;t have mood swings, my mood is stuck on grumpy. My feet and hands are swollen with achy joints, tender breasts and lower back pain. The only pro at this point to keep it is the cost efficiency and the zero maintenance for 5 years. However if something doesn&#039;t change quick there is no possible way my marriage could handle 5 years of my mood."
"This is a miracle for migraines. Works within 5 minutes and migraine GONE. You will have energy and get on with your day. I am 43 yrs old and have suffered with migraines since teen. RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN TO YOUR DR AND ASK FOR THIS MEDICINE. SUFFER NO MORE."
"48 year old male in the health care industry.  Resisted any idea that I might need something for depression as I was really good about thinking about suicide, but never acting out or letting others know.  Tended to obsess over family relationships or work issues, everyday from waking to going to sleep.  Also suffer from a type of IBS and have smooth muscle contraction in the large bowl that created intense pain 2-3 days per month and a trip to the Emergency department every year or two.
Started Paxil and noticed immediate decrease in fixation type thoughts, have not had a pain episode for the last 8 months (first time in my life!).
I&#039;m a bit less reserved in conversations, and share more of myself with those around me. Overall a good decision."
"Worked so fast that before I left office I felt better"
"I have had many years with pain. A combination of 3 drugs is a God send. I take 50 mg Oxycontin twice a day, 500 mg of Ketoprofen twice a day and 100 mg Tramadol twice a day. This rather strange combination has worked for me for 10 years without any problems or without having to increase the medication."
"After taking levothyroxine for 20 days, I developed rashes all over my body, extremely itchy. Skin biopsy confirmed its drug allergy and levothyroxine was the only drug I was taking at that time. It was lechinoid drug eruption which took me 2 months to come out of it."
"Ok, I felt better two days in to treatment. Then, a week in, I am calm. Two weeks in, still calm. Just even. Finally. I&#039;ve struggled with rapid heartbeats, sweating, panic, fear, talking too fast, gasping for breath because I have so much anxiety, and just a general uncomfortable feeling my whole life. Of course Xanax and meds like that worked, but when they wore off the anxiety would come back worse. This drug Prozac? Like, why didn&#039;t I try it earlier. I&#039;ve been on many other antidepressants and only Cymbalta came close. On 20 mg and my headaches and muscle tension are also reduced. I hope this lasts. The only side effects: early waking, and waking up a few times at night, but I just take some Benadryl and I sleep through the night"
"Excellent!  My doctor has combined this with Phentermine and I average a healthy 1.75 lbs of weight loss per week without excercise (due to pulled hamstrings).  I do not take the Phentermine full dose, nor do I take it every day.  My doctor follows me closely and I pay close attention to how I feel and go by instinct.  My overall health and well being is more important than losing weight.  I am very cautious and choose the right foods e.g., protiens, green veggies, lots of water, fruits and fiber.  I am sure to get proper rest to stay mentally sound.  Losing weight is good for me, but is taxing on my body and I am going to do what I have to in order to develop healthy long term habits (which take at least 30 days to develop)."
"Had unprotected sex July 3, freaked out and took Plan B 26 hours after sex. I experienced a lot of discharge and was worried since I hadn&#039;t gotten my period. I was cramping, having back pains and was moody... I started to get really worried. Then 8 days after taking Plan B I finally got my period! Stay calm &amp; stay positive. I was so stressed about it I was prolonging my period, Plan B worked 100% for me and I&#039;m so happy that it helped."
"I&#039;m on my second pack of LoSeasonique, about five or six weeks away from my first &quot;real&quot; period on this BC. For the past few days I&#039;ve been experiencing brownish discharge (from blood) and moderate cramping. Other than that, no complaints really. The pill didn&#039;t clear up my skin but neither did my other one. I really hope this cramping stops now though, it&#039;s very painful. Enough that I can&#039;t go out much. I&#039;ve heard that it gets better once your body has adjusted but I don&#039;t know how long that will take."
"I am experiencing severe gas and loose bowels. Everytime I eat something it seems to run right through me. Also increased urination. Stomach cramps so this is a battle lower my cholesterol or be on the toilet everytime I eat!"
"Positives:
1. Regulates my period VERY well.  Always happens the middle of the last week of the pack until the end of the pack (about 4 days).  
2. Lighter periods.  
3. Not pregnant.

Negatives:
1. REALLY nauseous the day after taking the first pill in every pack.  Like, super duper nauseous for about the first 8 hours of the day.  Feels horrible.
2. Constant yeast infections.  I have had 4 in the past 4 months, because of the estrogen in this BC.  Might happen on any Estrogen BC, but be aware.
3. Debilitating calf cramps at night.  Super painful and last about 5 minutes, they wake me up every time.
4. Jumping at every little noise.

Been on this for 4 months, appointment tomorrow with gyno to switch"
"I have taken this medicine for about six months now.  It has been such a life changer for me! I was on depakote as a mood stabilizer for my not terribly severe bipolar disorder. Depakote caused weight gain. Since I have been on Trileptal, I have lost 30lbs and feel great.  I am just about to start my student teaching in college and I am more confident than ever that I will succeed with flying colors."
"In addition to Complex Regional Pain Syndrome I suffer from constant pain in my hip, femur and knee, L-4,5 disk herniations, spinal stenosis, spondylosis to start. I was thrown from a car as a passenger without seatbealts fracturing my hip, femur and my right foot pointed South. My experience taking Oxymorphone is an excellent one.  I recommend it to anyone seriously looking for pain relief. I take 30 mg Oxymorphone ER X 2, Ketamine Hcl(compounded for $125 a month) 10 mg X 3 and Oxycodone 30 mg X 4 for Bt pain. Oxymorphone is the best ER opioid for 9-10 hour relief I have taken. Tried them all. If looking for pain relief, Oxymorphone is the best by a mile, hydromorphone is a distant second."
"Medication made me depressed easily over nothing never was one for mood swings also it was a constant struggle to stay awake period went from super tampons to ultra tampons acne for the first time in my life after I decided to get off of it and worst of all it made sexual sensitivity numb to any stimulation so glad to be off of this garbage..."
"I was having terrible back pain and chronic all over pain when I started Lyrica. It has helped me a lot but I still have the occasional flare up. I also take Neurontin with Lyrica and this combination does a pretty decent job of helping with my pain. I have tried Cymbalta and had a horrible 3 days of dizziness that almost caused me to hit a parked car. I was trying to suck it up and go to work but ended up on the couch the entire time because every time I sat up the world spun and I felt so disoriented and off balance like I had been drinking. I am very skeptical to try anything else because of the Cymbalta episode."
"It worked very well for me, but beware of not eating enough before taking. I threw up quite a bit. "
"I have tried almost every med. there is for major depression. Most caused lots of weight gain and sleeping all the time. I felt hot and sweat with many of them and vision was very blurry. I thought life was over for me. I have major anxiety and panic attacks. I was better taking the Buspirone, but I was taking bupropion anxiety attacks. I take clonazapam 2mg for sleeping at night because the welbrution keeps me from sleeping. I went on praying for being healed from all the sickness and came off all my meds 2 months ago to prove my faith. I haven&#039;t been able to walk out my door for 2 months without forcing myself just to go get groceries and then I am right back inside. I live in darkness. I started them back up this morning."
"I had first Prolia injection November 2016. Within a few weeks I gained 10 lbs very rapidly but put it down to changing time of taking Prednisolone meds that I am on long term for Polymyalgia. I had 2nd injection May 2017 and I can only say that since then I feel like I&#039;ve been run over by a bus !! Bad insomnia, fatigue, neck pain, pain in upper legs and upper arms. Also numbness in face which is very annoying especially near eye as it feels like something is too close to my eye ! I will not take this drug again and am mad at myself that I did not check out the side effects before hand.  I took the word of my consultant that it was the greatest thing !"
"I am 56 years old and have been diagnosed with severe emphysema. Up until 3 days ago I was at the point that inhalers were not doing much good at all and I was overusing them and having heart palpitations and the only thing that helped was my nebulizer. But even that did not produce great results and I felt limited in everything that I did. I was fearful to take my grandchild anywhere by myself and quite frankly was fearful of going alone anywhere due to my breathing. My pulmonologist put me on this medicine 3 days ago and what a huge difference it made in my breathing. I have not had to do breathing treatments or inhalers from the time of my first dose.  This medicine has been a huge blessing and life changing for me also."
"Prescibed Bactrim for prostatitis. Was showing good improvement after 5 days.  Day 9, big full body hives develop and had to stop.  Dr. thought I was allergic to the sulfa component of bactrim so he prescibed Trimethoprim(the other component in Bactrim) by itself a week later. After 1 pill the hives start again... Was switched to Cipro with slight improvement and then to Doxycycline which is significantly helping after 4 weeks. Going to continue it as long as I&#039;m improving . 70% better now."
"I had no unpleasant side effects on this medication, bar the cystic acne it caused!

Very good in the sense that you don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill etc. but unfortunately for me, it caused very bad acne. Once I had it removed, it was approx. 2 weeks before my skin had totally cleared up."
"I would only recommend this birth control to someone that is trying to sleep with my boyfriend-because it made me bloated, bleed constantly for 2 months, back aches (complete period symptoms non stop for 2 months), and gain weight- huge turn offs to anyone.  I am in so much bodily discomfort and have been bleeding for so long now it is definitely preventing pregnancy.  I cannot wait to switch to another form of birth control.  It feels like a combination of Irritable Bowel Syndrome and being pregnant."
"I have been on Paxil for 3 weeks. Previously I was on Lexapro and it worked well, however, I wanted to quit smoking, so was switched to Paxil.  I have noticed I am sleeping all night through without getting up at 2 or 3 am and staying up the rest of the night. I do however have the vertigo, but, I have suffered from vertigo for 20 years so I cannot actually attribute that to the Paxil. I also have the appetite loss! I can only eat 1/3 of what I ate previously. So far, so good. I have no problem taking a med for my depression, no different than a heart condition, just much harder to treat!  Hoping it keeps going good!"
"I used Lutera for just about 3-4 months, and loved it.  No real side effects, switched to it from Ortho tri Lo.  Didn&#039;t seem so hungry after I made the switch.  After about 3-4 months I switched to Nuva Ring for ease of use.  Just now starting the ring, and if it goes poorly I would happily go back to Lutera."
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for 6 months....VERY effective at preventing pregnancy but have been experiencing terrible side effects. Major weight gain, unpredictable bleeding, acne, worsening depression and zero sex drive. Getting it removed this month. Do not recommend!"
"Please read!!! Presccribed macrobid 100mg for bladder infection. Took the first dose at 5pm after a full meal (on the advise of my Dr who warned slight stomach irritation) around 2 am I woke up vomitting yellow bile which lasted for several hours. I was shaking and sweating and couldn&#039;t even keep water down. I&#039;m on my 4th dose and symptoms are subsiding..I  feel like I&#039;m going to vomit, have a headache and am extremely dizzy. Please be careful when taking this its like a flu in pill form!"
"Soon to be 51 and had the mirena inserted 7 years ago for endometrial hyperplasia. My Dr (whom I love) said it would likely make my periods stop (hurray) and would protect my uterus. 
Well it DID NOT make my periods stop - and it took well over two years for me to start feeling &quot;normal&quot;. I have had pH issues and flares of Bacterial Vaginosis ever since.  I&#039;ve tried everything on the market for it only to be told by my Dr to &quot;use Luvena&quot; every time I brought it up during my annual. Anyway, I stuck it out the entire seven years and am due to have it removed in a few weeks. I honestly cannot wait. I&#039;ve always been very sensitive to progesterone- too much makes me feel like a depressed lead balloon."
"First insert of Monistat 3 was horrible. The burn was worse than the infection, but I continued use. By day 2 burning and itching was gone."
"Taking Topamax with Zoloft ... my first week was a tough but I feel so good. I have PTS, bipolar, depression, anxiety and in the 4 months I had three episodes and that&#039;s so good I was having episodes everyday. I feel good."
"I have been on Victoza for four weeks now. My sugar counts were up to 27.9. doctor put my metformin up to four pills a day and on this great new medicine Victoza. I have lost 8 pounds. Started with 0.6 and then when I went up to 1.2. had felt really tired and had stayed in bed for a day. Doctor put me back to 0.6. but eventually I went back up to 1.2 and then the only side effect I had was burps and gas. Have a lot more energy then I have had in years."
"I took this medication for a week and although it did help with my blood pressure it made me very confused and light headed.  I got so bad that I stopped taking the medicine and called my doctor for a different type of medication.  Just wasn&#039;t for me I guess."
"I was against taking this medication until my flare-ups were so bad I was not able to walk or use my arm.
I am so grateful for this medication. I just had my 3rd dose (every other week). Other than the extreme pain during the shot and a bit unsettled for about 10 minutes after, I say this medication is a miracle.  I am 99.75% pain free ~ the first time in over a year.  So far no side effects other than very thirsty.  Cutting down on coffee and have increased my water intake.  I worry about possible future side effects but not being able to move is not living."
"I have suffered with an incurable rare spinal cord injury. I first tried Oxycontin in December 2010. Little did I know that they were taking the generics off the shelves. The medicine worked great.The new oxy op is very expensive and  not of the same release time. How are people going to afford this?"
"Was prescribed this medication by new cardiologist while hospitalized to help with spasms associated with Prinzmetal&#039;s (variant) angina. So far I feel a difference in my condition, but will form a more solid opinion when I&#039;m on Imdur a bit longer."
"I love Apri! I took it for a year, then I got selfish and switched to Jolessa because I wanted to have fewer periods. On Jolessa I had week-long or longer, super irregular periods. I would get breakthrough bleeding at the most random times and gained about 15 pounds. It almost destroyed my relationship, I was so moody and depressed. I switched back to Apri in January and already my periods are back to regular, predictable and short. I have had almost no breakthrough bleeding, no weight gain and no problem with weight gain. It&#039;s an incredibly effective and beneficial pill."
"I use this product with my 5 year old daughter and my 2 year old grandson also my 8 month old daughter and I have NO complaints. I find this medicine works fast and good!"
"I have had MS awhile, DX in 2000. I have taken interferon,tecfidera and controlled. I decided to try Gilenya this summer,a month in I started getting numbness under both feet. I had never experienced anything like this before. Medicine was the only change.It got so severe both feet were completely numb. It felt like i had pads under my feet.After trying oral and iv steroids no improvement i was so frustrated and didnt know what to do. No new activity on myMRI. Because numbness can also be associated with MS this can be confusing. I had no other choice but to stop Gilenya to see if that was causing it. Funny enough after 6 days into stopping it the sensation started coming back under my feet and 70% better. Now it&#039;s almost gone!"
"I had severe vomiting and diarhoea for 3 days caused by clarythromycin. After being treated for dehydration at the hospital, clarythormycin was replaced with doxycycline, and I have no problems since."
"Great natural medicine however it must be taken everyday to be effective."
"Works well with chronic back pain. Had L5-S1 fusion and now in diagnosis to rule out L3-L4 rostral disease. Lowers pain from 7/10 to 3/10. Doesn&#039;t work as well as Percocet but at least I don&#039;t hallucinate on it. I also don&#039;t like the &quot;high&quot; that Percocet produces and that effect is much less prevalent on Norco, thankfully."
"I was put on 25mg once daily a little over a year ago and it seemed to work wonders for a good while. Due to some other issues though we increased my dose to 100mg a day and I am pretty much tired most of the day, but at least I can walk up stairs and not pass out or my heart doesn&#039;t feel like it will leap out of my chest... kind of the price to pay not to deal with the SVT. Hoping the tiredness wears off soon."
"I&#039;ve suffered from chronic sinusitis and post nasal drip for a while now. Biaxin is the only drug which worked for me, my PND started decreasing after one day and my nasal passages were completely clear by day 4. As for side effects it increased my appetite and sent me to the bathroom more often than usual. As for the nausea and metallic taste in mouth that most people reported, that only occurred on my last day of treatment thankfully. It&#039;s a small price to pay for the relief I got however."
"I have had headaches/migraines for 20 years and this is the first medicine I have tried that takes the headache away. It goes away in between one and three hours.  This is definitely a miracle for me.  "
"I&#039;ve had this IUD in for about two weeks now. The insertion process was pretty uncomfortable, but there were only about 3 big cramps that just felt like bad period cramps. The entire process took about 5 minutes and I was able to get up and drive myself home immediately after. I took 3 Ibuprofen prior to coming in and that helped keep the cramps at bay for a while, but you will experience cramps for the first couple of days. They just feel like period cramps, no worse. The only negative thing I&#039;ve noticed so far is an increase in acne where my skin was pretty clear beforehand especially around my chin and I&#039;ve also been getting headaches every day since I&#039;ve had the IUD inserted. Will update in 2 more weeks."
"I do not like it. Mood swings, lots of bleeding, weight gain and no sex drive."
"Doctor recommended Azor after finding blood pressure was 180/120, brought it down to 120/80 in a couple of days. Took a few days to get accustomed to effects but feel 100% back to normal now."
"Trulicity has the absolute worst delivery system of any injectable I have ever taken. I have used it twice and both times I have no idea how much of the medicine actually gets in my body. When I pull away the injection apparatus it seems that the majority of the medication is dripping down my stomach from the injection site. Do you know how expensive this drug is to have it not go in my system? ......and I can&#039;t take another CAUSE I DONT KNOW HOW MUCH OF THE FIRST DOSE WENT IN!!!!!"
"After my second baby, I was having problems with pain during sex (9 months  to a year post partum). My doctor prescribed the nuvaring to treat that issue as well as provide some birth control. The first two weeks I had this in were a dream! No side effects, nothing negative. After that I was so nauseous I was constantly  taking zofran and reglan and could barely function. After 6 weeks I had lost 10 pounds and decided to take it out. I wish it wouldn&#039;t have been so bad or I would have stuck it out."
"Major nasal congestion and outbreaks in hives it&#039;s not worth it."
"I just had this to prep for my screening colonoscopy - it worked as expected - gently cleansed bowels through the 2 step process. My only complaint is the price $120 which is not covered by insurance at all. Hence the rating of 7, else for effectiveness this is 9."
"Causes short term memory loss."
"Prescribed by ER doc for bladder infection. It&#039;s giving me dry mouth, diarrhea and bad gas but it&#039;s tolerable. Drink lots of water right after you take it."
"I am on flagyl 500mg 3X a day. I have a severe case of colitis and was RX&#039;d this and Cipro 500mg 2X a day. The flagyl is so rough on me. It makes my stomach hurt so badly, as if I had pancreatitis.  I also started running a temperature and felt like I had bronchial pneumonia. I am very limited on the antibiotics I can take due to allergies. I won&#039;t take this antibiotic again unless I&#039;m in dire straights. I can&#039;t take levaquin because it causes me to get pancreatitis and tendinitis. I&#039;ve read that flagyl gets rid of parasites. I hope if I have them that they&#039;re gone after taking the flagyl 3X a day for 10 days......"
"I was prescribed Buspar a few months ago after consistent failures with various benzos. I took 10mg x day for a while and felt nothing, went up to 20mg x day and kind of felt something, and basically I am now on 40mg x day and I can finally feel it working. It has helped significantly with my anxiety and has relieved the sexual side effects from Prozac. I take my second dose of the day at night with my Trazodone, and it has completely eradicated my fluctuating tolerancy issues with the Trazodone. I never got the brain zaps, but I occasionally get long-lasting headaches, bouts of anger, and fairly awful nightmares. Other than that, it has helped with my GAD quite a bit and is generally more helpful than not."
"My dad age 68 has hep c for years, was dealing with cirrhosis of the liver after alcohol issues and dr gave him Harvoni. Please be careful Dr&#039;s are not always taking into account if the liver is strong enough when prescribing these meds. Wish I could turn back time and keep my dad from taking it."
"I have been using this for approximately 2 years now and I am very worried that it has made my eyes MUCH worse.... I have just gotten done reading the other reviews and I am the complete opposite of these others. Therefore, I read the list of possible but not likely side effects and I am experiencing each and every one of these symptoms every time I use this medicine. Today, I used my restasis and then went venturing with my family for a few hours and my right eye began to secrete the yelowish thick fluid and burn worse than ever before. It also started to swell at the far corner of my eye. I went to the local emergency room where I was informed that I have conjunctivitis  in my right eye and now have to use antibiotics and pain meds"
"I was treated for years with Bipolar 2  disorder using various ant-depressants. They all made my moods cycle up and down. I&#039;m now on Lamotrigine 300mg twice a day and feel better than I have in 20 years.I&#039;m 66 now. I had to start slow and gradually work up to my present dosage. It was definitely effective for me to do it this way."
"I got a second opinion from an OB GYN, I am 32 weeks pregnant, and for most of the pregnancy, I have felt full, tight and bloated.  About 6 weeks ago, I called the midwife I have been seeing and told her how I have been feeling, but she told me that was just part of being pregnant.  Well, yes, but not to this extreme.  I feel so full and tight after I eat, that I didn&#039;t look forward to eating, I was forcing myself to eat for the baby.  I ended up in the hospital for being dehydrated and not eating enough.  So, I went for a second opinion and she put me on the Reglan.  It has helped tremendously!  I actually feel hungry now!  It has taken the edge off how full and tight I feel after I eat.  So far, I haven&#039;t experienced any of the side effects."
"I recently got an ugly cold sore on the bottom of my lips but did not catch it early enough. I used Abreva during the blistering stage and already it has made a difference. The product is too dry for my lips however so I am using it in conjunction with Carmex. I am on the fourth day and the sore has gone down quite a bit."
"I&#039;ve been absolutely in love with the Nuvaring for 6 years.

Pros: I&#039;ve had clear skin, very mild bloating-no bloating and no weight gain that I would associate with this form of birth control. I love not thinking about taking something every day and have never gotten pregnant! Admittedly taking it out the first time scared me, but was super fast, easy and not gross.

Cons: Nuvaring made me more prone to yeast infections and irritation than before I used it. It also caused an ammonia-like odor for the week or two after I inserted a new ring. "
"Have suffered with insomnia for years. Tried many medications with Zolpidem  ER (Generic Ambien ER) 12.5 the only one that helped. Even then, still was not getting great results at times.  Tried 10 mg of Belsomra, hoping for a better result. This was one of the worst nights I have ever had in my life.  Was wide awake until 4:30, followed by horrible, segmented, almost hallucinogenic dreams. After my alarm woke me, I was in the strangest state of mind, where I had to make myself speak. I finally told my husband, I&#039;m sorry, I&#039;ve got plenty of conversation in my head, but I have to MAKE myself speak.  I was afraid to drive after this, and had my son drive me. This condition eventually got better. One dose. Never again."
"I&#039;m a 50 year old male diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder at age 25. Went through years of therapy and thought I&#039;d pretty much learned how to manage/mitigate anxiety. I recently came upon a scene where I rendered first-aid to a gunshot victim. Almost immediately afterward I felt &#039;hollow&#039; and began ruminating about death.

That event acted like a pebble rolling down a mountain and by last week I was experiencing a variety of physical symptoms on top of being angry and withdrawn. My Internal Medicine doctor suggested I go on Zoloft. Within an hour of taking the first 25mg tab I felt a gigantic sense of relief. Five days later I%u2019m still experiencing some minor  jitters and cotton mouth and my  mind races a bit. But the immense sense of relief is still with me."
"I just had my Implanon inserted and I&#039;m fine. From what I researched its the same hormone as Depo Provera and I was on that for 6 years on and off. I never had any issues. No weight gain, no mood issues, nothing. Hopefully this is the same way."
"I rated a 2 because I&#039;m not sure how I feel about this birth control yet. I had it put in on dec 29th. So far nexplanon hasn&#039;t been my cup of tea I am even considering having it removed due to I&#039;ve been bleeding for over 2 weeks now, my mood swings are horrible my husband noticed a total change in me and I&#039;ve become very depressed. I cry for absolutely no reason and am always feeling down. I am not in the mood for anything! It&#039;s hard being I am a mom of 3 boys 5 3 and 1 so you can imagine my frustration. My arm is still sore and I can&#039;t stretch it straight out much because I feel like I am pinching a nerve or something. It is very sensitive from where it was placed to my mid-arm. I&#039;ll give it another month and see how I feel about it then."
"No help! My hand and head still shake. I have a headache, nausea, and vomiting II never had. My face is red. I have no energy and have to push myself to do things. This is not me!"
"I just started taking Topamax a little over 2 weeks ago. I am up to 100 mg a day.  I am starting to really notice some short term memory issues, however I have not had a migraine, let alone a single headache since starting the medicines. Everything has started tasting weird since starting the 100mg dose.  I used to drink at least 4 cups of coffee a day and can&#039;t stand to drink it at all.  The bonus is that it has helped with the caffeine withdrawal. I am also a smoker and it has helped reduce my craving for tobacco! I have read a lot of the posts on here and am seriously concerned about many of the side effects such as hair loss.  However the weight loss aspect is really appealing. I haven&#039;t lost anything yet though."
"I have bronchitis and it isn&#039;t really helping at all with my cough."
"I have taken Flomax now for about one week, after two days my flow was back to normal but the volume is still low. I hope that will improve over time, on the whole I am very pleased with the results so far."
"Experienced CHF in 2010 induced by hypothyroidism which I had detected 30 years earlier but doctors couldn&#039;t confirm because of outdated TSH standards; also had hypotension &amp; hypoglycemia which were again medically unconfirmed until 2010 CHF with EF of 13%. Defibrillator implanted in 2010. Put on dofetilde in 2014 by new doctors cuz other docs had ignored effects of amiadarone on thyroid med plus amiadarone toxicity. In 2015 had tachycardia of 168, another new doc said dofetilde should have worked, recommended ablation, which was subsequently done. Experienced crippling fatigue, I phased out dofetilde a year later, no arrhythmias, energy returning plus clear thinking. Found ablation effective, dofetilde ineffective plus energy crippling."
"I started this birth control in April and loved it. I was very nauseous at first but did not spot at all. After 2 months on it I finally got my period for only two days. It was nice not getting it but also made me anxious every month. After this I did not get my period until last week. So that is 3 months of not receiving my period which stressed me out. After months on it I started losing my sex drive and becoming extremely moody the first 3 weeks of the pack. I wasn&#039;t myself anymore and everyone around me noticed it. I plan on getting off of it for a couple of months or more to reset my hormones and get back to normal. Obviously everyone will react differently to this pill. Also my insurance didn&#039;t cover it so I was paying $80 for 3 packs"
"I had the Mirena fitted 3/10/16 while waiting to have hysterescopy had it for 2 months with non stop bleeding everyday. Last few weeks I was depressed, angry, bloated, weight gain, itchy skin ended up asking a go to take it out. He said he didn&#039;t think my symptoms were from Mirena and that they are more than likely menopause. I&#039;m 49 and had none of these symptoms until I had Mirena. I&#039;m day 3 post Mirena not much has changed yet but so glad I had it out. Hoping to have hysterectomy soon."
"Livalo is the first statin medicine I have taken without experiencing muscle pain side effects.  After a year, I still have no issues though I had to stop taking 3 others including pravastatin, Crestor and Lipitor.  My numbers are all good now with a particularly good reading for good cholesterol."
"I am in a clinical research study. I began this in July 2011.  At first I lost a lot of weight quickly (about 15 lbs in 2 months).  I lost 21lbs altogether.  My appetite was nil and my blood pressure went down!  But after about a year, the appetite is back in full swing and blood pressure is going back up.  Have also gained 10 pounds back.  Also still pre-diabetic.  I guess after a while it stops working.  I have 1 more year to go in the study."
"Nexium has been very effective in resolving my Acid Reflux. I have been taking the medication for over five years, and now have to stop the medication. My bone density test showed third statistical deviation (3T) which reports that I have osteoporosis. I have been taking calcium and supplements with exercise for almost all my life, and it&#039;s hard to believe I have this disease. Nexium blocks the absorption by the body, thus the problem."
"I&#039;ve been binge drinking heavily with severe social and financial cost for nearly a decade now and used acamprosate for just under a year (the reason I perservered for so long is because I thought it would finally kick in and start working). Maybe it works more for people who drink more regularly but it really made no difference to any cravings I have for alcohol. Good luck to those who it does work for and I really am glad for you, but unfortunately for me it was a waste of time and money- I&#039;m going to go back to my GP and ask to be put on Revia and hopefully that will work better for me"
"The only reason I got on Lo Loestrine Fe is because my OBGYN said I have PCOS and it help removed the cysts, this is the first bc I&#039;ve been on in years. I took myself off  them because of the crazy cycles, but after having a recent miscarriage and PCOS I needed something to regulate my cycles and remove the cysts, so she prescribed me this. I&#039;ve been on this pill for two months now and I&#039;m at the end of my second package. The first month I bleed for 7 days one day longer then I usually do with a lot of cramping and clotting. I just chalked it up to the cysts being removed. This month I have extremely tender nipples which is actual normal for me I used to get when I was ovulating, but no cycle yet which worries me a lot. I like having one."
"I had been on Ortho-Cyclen for 5 years and had no problems with mood swings. I switched to Lutera after I had my daughter because for some reason my periods were becoming irregular. Since I have been taking Lutera I have been an emotional wreck. I can&#039;t deal with normal life situations. I can&#039;t make a simple decision like what I&#039;m going to have for dinner because I break down crying from the pressure. My poor fiance has been having to deal with it all. I am switching to another pill."
"Despite the reviews I read about Euflexxa, I received my first injection on yesterday. I was scared at first but I did it anyway. I have an excellent doctor. He explain everything before the injections. He said I would feel the initial stick and then pressure from the medicine going in. He also said  I might have swelling, and pain at the injection site on the next day. I am please to report not only did I not feel the pressure. I did not have any pain or swelling at the injection site on the next day. When I woke up I had zero pain in my knee. I am glad I decided to get this injection. I can&#039;t wait to see what the second injection will make me feel like."
"Very convenient &amp; easy to use. Always take it with me. Effective on acid reflux episodes.  Taste like candy...watch out for overdosing."
"I was not going to post a review but decided to after realizing there might be someone out there very nervous right now. I had sex a day after my period ended and while I probably didn&#039;t even need it, I was very scared, being a teenager, and decided to take Plan B. I took it five hours after the incident and I didn&#039;t have any side effects. I got my period 1 week 2 days after the pill, which is odd considering I just had it, but Plan B messes up your period. Now I&#039;m not sure whether my next period will come when it was originally supposed to, or in a month, but since I got my period I know Plan B worked. I worried myself sick but reading all the positive reviews helped and I hope this one does too!"
"Dr added this to lower my marginal BP  from 135 140 range.  However, my BP went up  immediately to 170 range.  After a week, I stopped the lisinopril  took amlodpine and it went down to 120&#039;s within a couple of hours?"
"I suffered for years from neck pain thinking I had problems with a disc.  Three years ago I developed a tremor in my head, a no-no type of movement.  My PCP said I had essential tremor so again I put off going to a doc who knew what he was talking about.  I decided suddenly to see a neurologist and so thankful I did.  Diagnosed properly and then the Botox which is wonderful.  I would say the pain is gone 100% and doesn&#039;t even start to come back until about the tenth week after.  Tremor has greatly decreased and I feel like myself again!!! Happy and so grateful."
"Last summer I was prescribed lexapro under the name Liberium for my anxiety and depression. I was told to take 10mg once a day, but to ween myself onto it by taking half a pill a day for a week or two. Most of my time on Lexapro was blurry; I couldn&#039;t remember a lot. People around me could tell that I wasn&#039;t right. I stumbled a lot, slurred my words, and generally felt very irritable. My anxiety was through the roof but I had absolutely no depression. When coming down from the med, about 3 hours before the next dose, I literally couldn&#039;t move. Coming off of the med one day gave me a panic attack and what was diagnosed as a pseudo-seizure: non epileptic seizing while remaining completely conscious. I was taken away by force by ambulance."
"I started this medication within three weeks of diagnosis in September 2015. My initial concerns and scares about side effects quickly turned out to be untrue. Apart from tiredness and join pain in the first few weeks, I have virtually no side effects from the medication. I take it in the evening and aim to have 100% adherence. It is remarkable what science has done in the last 30 years since this condition emerged. One of the drugs in the pill, dolutegravir has a long binding time and so far has had no resistance.I look forward to the results of trials with dolutegravir monotherapy. This would be even better in using only one drug to control the virus. I&#039;d recommend Triumeq to anyone starting treatment or those considering a switch."
"I guess medicines don&#039;t work the same for everybody.  I have been taking Januvia (50mg) for 6 months now and have had no side effects at all.  I take 3 metformin daily.  My blood sugar readings have gone down from 8.1 to 6.9 (Canadian scale).  I thought I was heading for type 1 but Januvia really works for me.  Like many things, you could just try it and see for yourself."
"my husband was taking over 10 hydrocodoine pills a day for his back pain until he found a dr. that finally helped him and has got him on duragesic 75 patches he has done so much better with his pain that we get along so much better .the only time he is having some pain now is when it is almost time for his patch to be changed to a new one."
"I was almost too afraid to go through with the insertion process after reading too much information about this method and product. I am so happy that I persevered. The insertionion was a little uncomfortable but it was over in a few seconds. Sex is wonderful and I do not feel it at all. I do not bleed at all and so far, almost one month, no side effects. I would recommend this birth control method to anyone. However, know your body and do what you feel is right for you.
"
"My pharmacy filled my usual Vagifem prescription with the new generic form. It is like using a placebo. I am asking my doctor to prescribe brand only from now on, and will gladly pay the $275/month out of pocket until my insurance will cover it again. 
Terrible product!"
"I am a 21 year old college student and first went on a hormonal birth control (lutera) when I was 18 to help with irregular periods--and after almost a month on it I was a raging hormonal maniac. I was too traumatized for awhile to look into other options and then I thought a non hormonal IUD would be the solution to my birth control woes. My first insertion went relatively smoothly--I psyched myself out before hand but it was just uncomfortable, not painful. Unfortunately 3 months after insertion the IUD partially expelled. A month later I had a new one put in which I&#039;ve had for a year now, and though I still get painful, heavy periods with some spotting between (a trade off I can handle),I really am happy with my decision to get ParaGard."
"Took one pill and it felt like a miracle. Was put on a dose of 1 tablet twice daily for 3 days. By the 5th tablet I was feeling flu like symptoms and dizziness. Not sure if I&rsquo;m just feeling under the weather or it&rsquo;s a side effect of taking this medication. Urine has also been bright yellow as many others have also stated. 
I would rather have this flu like symptom than feeling like I&rsquo;m urinaring out razor blades. It definitely worked quickly and that worked for me."
"Sinequan (doxepin) works very well for insomnia, especially since it not only causes drowsiness, but also because it relieves anxiety. A lot of insomnia is caused by overthinking or not being able to stop thinking or fretting. This is a good medicine for that. The only thing is it has more side effects than some of the newer drugs."
"I had yellow fever vaccination three weeks ago I am now concerned that my muscle aches and pains and lack of power in my legs arms and shoulders are marginally getting worse. It appears that when I rest for five hours sleeping or sit down in the afternoon for two hours it is extremely hard to get out of bed in the morning and out of the chair in the afternoon. It gets slightly better as the day goes on but if I sit in the chair at night or two hours tends to come back but not so bad as the morning. I have decided to go back to the doctor for some more advice. I have had three professionals give me advice over the last three weeks, they tend to say just sit it out. I am on heart medication for a stent but I don&#039;t think this has any concern."
"on Prozac (Lovan) for 4 years, felt it was no longer helping and read about a type of antidepressant that targets your neorephrine (noradrenaline) re uptake, not just seratonin. mentioned it to doctor, he recommended Pristiq but I had to stop taking the Prozac for a month before starting Pristiq (hell.) Thought I made a terrible mistake as it didn&#039;t start working for at least 3 months. Difference is Prozac inhibits you from feeling emotions whereas Pristiq allows you to feel and be able to deal with them. No side effect but if I miss a dose in morning by lunchtime I&#039;m so dizzy and lightheaded!"
"I have been using nexplanon for a little over 5 months now. I have had my period everyday non stop for over 5 months and counting. I lost weight at first then I gained it back. No mood swings that I have noticed. No depression as others have mentioned. One thing I read in the majority of the reviews is that your spouse is mad because you are bleeding non-stop. Well all I have to say is who cares about how they feel sheesh how do they think we feel. I have gone through more pads/tampons than I ever imagined possible. On the bright side I&#039;m not pregnant. I was emotional the second month. I cried  bc I couldn&#039;t deal with a prolonged period. I also get bad chest pain from time to time and my anxiety has been at an all time high"
"The relief from &#039;leakage&#039; was moderate to good, but I continued to have to use feminine hygiene pads.  I was &#039;down&#039; to six changes a day, which was a real improvement.  However, I had no idea what real constipation was about and how severe it could be until Vesicare. All in all, the cost/benefit ratio just wasn&#039;t there. Speaking of cost, the price was outrageous. "
"It&#039;s my first day and I have thrown up 3 times since I&#039;ve taken it. I don&#039;t know if this is normal but I&#039;m just giving it a month, then go back to my birth control shots which I love. I&#039;m 22 and have been on the shots since I was 18."
"My 6 year old daughter was put on Daytrana about 8 months after trying Vyvanse and Strattera without success. We had immediate results. She was focused and even her handwriting improved. The patch did leave a red mark that I found Eucerin cream was good for. Here is the but: She developed a tic.  Don&#039;t let this discourage you. I know of others on Daytrana who have been taking it for over a year with no tics. It really worked great."
"Gave me anxiety"
"On 400 mg a day and it works great in regards to my synovitis pain in all my joints that my lupus causes. No side effects after taking it for two months. I prefer taking this over prednisone any day."
"Oxytrol gave me a life without looking for the closest bathroom in s panic. I can now control my urge long enough to get to a bathroom.  Only problem is it&#039;s hard to find. No longer on shelves at stores."
"I have been taking Remeron for about three years, at various dosages. It does a great job of handling my depression without aggravating my anxiety. It also gives me severe munchies, especially for carbs. But otherwise I have no side effects. Which is a first with me and antidepressants; the SSRIs in particular wrecked me. My doctor told me that usually, people who can&#039;t take SSRIs will be able to tolerate Remeron."
"It does it&#039;s job. I&#039;ve been on it for 5 years off and on because of pregnancies. I made decision to come off it and its been 1 month and I must admit my mood is low and the dizziness is horrible."
"Helpful for Alcohol Detox"
"I have been on Votrient since Jan 2010. Started with a right kidney in 1999.  In 2009 my family doctor suggested that I have a pulmonary doctor run some CTs to see what he thought.  After 8 months of CTs, I had to go and get a biopsy and it proved 2 clear and 2 renal cell carcinoma had appeared between my lungs.  I checked a couple of oncologists in town.  Been on the medicine since January 2010 and have little significant change.  A little diarrhea once in a while and headaches, some dizziness on occasion but no significant change.  Feel real good about the treatment. Would recommend it to anyone. "
"I&#039;ve been diagnosed with bipolar and severe anxiety. I saw a new psychiatrist two years who prescribed Klonopin. Best thing that ever happened to me. I was taking 3mg daily. But I also take Seroquel for troubles sleeping. Together, the psychiatrist and I decided to decrease the Klonopin to 2 mg. Well the anxiety is back after 2 years. And I&#039;m real upset. Going to see my PCP on Tuesday and calling my psych doc as well."
"Only took it for 14 days before side effects caused me to discontinue. Started having horrible headaches, insomnia, some night sweats, nervousness, gas/nausea/diarrhea. Never had this cluster of problems simultaneously until I began this medication 2 weeks ago. I don&#039;t plan on using any other hormone for birth control."
"AMAZING!! I have had this since April 2015 and it&#039;s great before the implanon I was irregular, heavy periods with awful cramps that wouldn&#039;t let me walk right sometimes. The rod in my arm didn&#039;t regulate my periods but I have it every two or three months for two or three weeks and the cramps are nowhere near that bad as before. I do experience some weird mood swings but it&#039;s a great way of birth control."
"I am a recovering heroin addict and have been taking suboxone in low-medium amounts to control withdrawal sympts &amp; cravings, as I was not able to stay clean on my own due to underlying depression, schizophrenia, ptsd, and others. I have been clean for over 3 years and have had crippling constipation since on the suboxone. My Dr prescribed me amitiza, but told me to only take it as needed. I did experience nausea and stomach cramps at first, but now do okay with it, and have had much better BMs. "
"I started Adipex on August 2.  I had my second (and last) baby almost 3 months ago.  I have an extra 25 pounds of baby weight on top of being 240 when I got pregnant.  I need to get the weight off as I am pre-diabetic. I am doing a 1500 calorie diet along with the pill.  I cut out all white bread, white sugar, white rice, etc.  I also cut out pop (even though I was only drinking diet pop).  I was down 7 pounds as of yesterday.  I hope to be down 10 pounds total by the end of this week.  I haven&#039;t started exercising as pregnancy also brought along plantar fasciitis.  As soon as my feet get better, I will be hopping on the treadmill.  I don&#039;t notice much more energy, just seem more awake. I still get hungry, it just takes a little longer."
"This pill, in my opinion, is the worst form of birth control to take. I took it for 2 months. The first month was fine; the second was horrible. Been on my period for 3 weeks with very heavy bleeding and HUGE blood clots. Waking up in the middle of the night 2 or 3 times to change, along with the worst cramps ever. Felt depressed, mood swings, anxiety, rapid heart beat, and felt out of breath. I have also been feeling as if I have vertigo; thought it was just me, but saw others had this problem as well. I do not recommend this birth control."
"I thought this medicine might help with the onset of an atrial fibrillation attack and it does!  Not a guarantee but very often helps  especially at night when I feel something coming on...it allows me to fall into a deeper sleep which at times kicks the onset.  Also very useful for anxiousness, as documented.  I do not take it daily, only when needed."
"I&#039;ve been taking medication for my depression for over 10 years now.  This medicine was prescribed to be about 3 weeks ago.  I hate this stuff.  It made me extremely tired and down. I was even more depressed than I have been. I had zero motivation to do anything. It was terrible.   I didn&#039;t experience too much nausea but I also took it at night right before bed."
"I am using paroxetine for hot flashes. It  definitely has helped. It also has helped with anxiety/panic attacks due to perimenopause. After taking this medicine for a year I can say it has really helped. I am very sensitive to medicine so I started at the lowest dose. It has been good for me."
"I have been on Implanon since May 2013 and altogether I have been on my period for a total of 6 months. My periods used to be super light and 3-4 days long. I have not gained any weight however I have lost all interest in having sex.  My boyfriend of a little over a year and a half is going crazy and I am also. I have read some other reviews on it and am glad I am not the only one. I will wait a full year before deciding weather or not I am going to take it out."
"I&#039;ve tried 2 other medicines (Pempro &amp; Femhrt) to relieve my hot flashes.  Angeliq is the best.  It did take a bit longer to start working, but once it started working I feel great.  No weight gain associated with this medicine, unlike the other 2.  Energy level has also improved. "
"I love Lexapro! It helps me stop drinking, lose weight and I have way less anxiety now. For all those people that have sexual dysfunction, try taking it at night right before bed, after sex. I have no problems in that area now!"
"Nasal polyps were better after 1 month of use."
"Bad dreams"
"after paying out 1600 dollars , dont belive the hype for acne scars, very dissapionted after 3months and no great improvement, want my money back, good luck with that...right"
"Wow it really does have me burping up a fish taste! Yucky but hey as long as it works I don&#039;t mind, will update once I&#039;m near end of pregnancy, or at the end of my free samples lol"
"This is my 3rd month taking Contrave and have lost 10 lbs.   
I am OK with losing the weight slowly.  I am still taking 1 pill 
in the morning and 1 in the evening.   Contrave keeps me from
craving sweet treats and that is a plus for me. I read one of the ladies comments where she said she began to bleed.  I also have that problem. 
I am not sure if it is Contrave or if it&rsquo;s a Menopausal problem. 
I have visited my OBGYN to rule out any other complications before 
I stop taking Contrave.  My doctor has scheduled me for an outpatient
D&amp;C, Hysteroscopy and myosure. Let me know where you found Contrave cause bleeding"
"When I have sciatica pain in my hip I quickly eat something (protein bar often works), take two Aleve, then lay down on the floor and put my legs up on a chair. Sometimes I put an ice pack on the area also, and I lay there for 10-20 minutes and the pain almost always subsides. Then I make sure to stretch a bit so the pain doesn&#039;t return when the Aleve wears off. Aleve works GREAT when I&#039;m in pain, but don&#039;t forget how vital it is to stretch and exercise also. "
"I began taking 10mg Paxil when I was 28 (I am now 38) for panic attacks and stayed on it for around 6 years. I felt so good on it that I felt like I didn&#039;t need it anymore so I weened myself off of it with no problems!  After going through early menopause my Doctor put me on 50 mg of Zoloft, that worked well for my hot flashes and mood swings but when I began having panic attacks again the Zoloft did nothing.  My Doctor then increased the Zoloft to 100mg, it did nothing for my panic attacks only made me more nervous!  I am now taking 20 mg of Paxil. I am here to say that it has only been one week, but what a difference a week makes!  I feel like myself only a little tired. I have no other side effects and it gave me my life back!"
"This birth control failed and I am due in May. Do NOT take this birth control as it leads to childbirth and mood swings. I hope this helps."
"I had nexplannon for two years. I kept thinking things will get better, obviously I have the patience of a saint! I got it removed today and started nuva ring. My past two years...I did not get pregnant nor did I have to remember to take a pill (the only two reasons I gave it 2 stars). I bled almost the entire time, I never wanted to have sex, even when I wasn&#039;t bleeding. I had brown discharge when I wasn&#039;t bleeding and I got acne really bad! I was moody or so I was told anyway. But on a plus side I also didn&#039;t gain excessive weight. I personally would not recommend this for birth control. I&#039;m now on the hunt for the right one for me, everybody&#039;s different."
"I love this!! I have no periods!! I have mild migraines but that is just a small price to pay. I love nexplanon. I had it put in last January and it took 3 months to work, but since then I have had no real issue."
"I scored a five on this drug because it successfully lowers cholesterol, and the prescribed dosage is feasible. However, after nearly three weeks of consumption, I am once again tormented by excruciating migraines. I have a history of migraines, which are 100% exacerbated by any type of statin. I keep reiterating that I cannot tolerate statins, but the complaint falls upon dismissive ears. I cannot tolerate another day of this, so I am going to risk my life and possibly have a stroke just to avoid another day of these excruciating migraines."
"My sister and I both got the Mirena, she still has hers and loves it, my experience was not great. Insertion was brutal and my belly looked about 5 months pregnant for the next week, if I bumped my belly it hurt like hell. I never got my period on it but had constant spotting for 9 months as well as serious mood swings. Eventually I got it taken out because my body wouldn&#039;t adjust to it."
"I have taken more prescribed migraine drugs than I can remember over the years and come back to fioricet. Butalbital, along with Tylenol or asa and caffeine is by far the most reliable."
"Have been on this for 7 months now and have noticed an improvement with my depression symptoms. I started at 150mg and worked my way up to 450mg. I don&#039;t feel as hopeless and sad as I was. Side effects were minimal, but my periods have become very irregular since starting the Wellbutrin XL even though I&#039;m on Yaz. I have been on Yaz for 3 years and never had a problem until I started taking the Wellbutrin XL, so I am going to discontinue use. If it weren&#039;t for that, I would definitely continue taking it."
"I took busprione for three weeks I quit taking it because the side affects were to much. After I got off it I had non stop headaches for two weeks and still going. I have never had these headaches before in my life until I stop taking this medication.  I was so worried that I got a CT scan just to make sure I was fine. Dr told me everything check out but the headaches are still coming."
"Born again that&#039;s how I feel 3 weeks smoke free and I get stronger every day. Can&#039;t believe how much better I feel thanks to chantix I&#039;m so happy. I never thought I could quit no matter what but I was wrong and I know i&#039;ll never go back. I&#039;m free and like I said I feel so good."
"This drug did make me very sleepy but it immediately stopped my nausea and vomiting."
"Did not get pregnant so it did its job but other than that my body does not like this pill. Maintained normal weight during use, in fact lost weight. Broke out with painful zits occasionally. Extremely moody. Mood swings were the worst I have ever experienced on any birth control I have ever taken. Started fights out of nowhere with boyfriend and almost ended our relationship. Took 4 months for me to realize that this was the cause so I am switching back to Lutera. "
"Got this prescribed after a week of constant back pain (twisted my back). 10mg 3X daily. Took one when I got home from the pharmacy (about 12p) and proceeded to be out for about 16 hours. 5 days later I am still having sleeping issues, both getting to sleep and waking up at a reasonable time. When I took the one pill, the back pain was gone, but I can&#039;t afford to be sleeping excessively. I&#039;ll keep it on hand for when pains are keeping me awake and I can afford to get 16+ hours of sleep, but not recommended if you have to function on a daily routine."
"I&#039;ve been on Cryselle for 3 years. It&#039;s the best birth control that ever has controlled my period. Light, never heavy, sometimes so light you don&#039;t have to wear anything except a liner. I&#039;ll start on Thursday be off by late Saturday with spotting on Sunday. Before, I&#039;d bleed for two weeks straight. But the side effects of this pill are horrible. Everything starts two weeks before, severe breast tenderness, uncontrollable mood swings, nausea, headaches, and slight stomach pains that aren&#039;t cramps. If you can bare all of the symptoms and have short periods then Cryselle is for you if not then you should pass."
"I was deeply depressed. I slept a lot, I lost interest in work (and I am self-employed). I suffered from chronic procrastination, lost many clients and went to trouble with my bank, an awful period. I tried SSRIs like sertraline and Lexapro but it didn&#039;t help me rise up and boost my motivation. Since I have discovered after 50 years that I am also suffering from ADD. I read about Wellbutrin. I tried 150 mg with no significant change for a month, and then, switch to 300 mg. What a change! I am full of energy, focused, full of self confidence, working full hours, and enjoy writing. "
"This medicine has been working really well for me. I&#039;m on my third pack, taking it at exactly the same time every day. I had 0 side affects. My breasts did get a little bigger which was nice but I didn&#039;t gain weight anywhere else. My periods used to be irregular and painful with heavy mood swings but now my periods are very regular and I can&#039;t feel them almost at all. Really happy with the results!"
"I have irregular menstrual cycles I&#039;ve started taking Trinessa to help regulate my cycle, I am only on my 2nd week but I don&#039;t like the side effects. I am nauseous all day and it affects my mood shortly after taking it, I go from happy and productive to moody and sluggish. I also have headaches, muscle and breast soreness. I have not stop bleeding either I have been spotting the entire time and as I go along it seems to get heavier. I was not expecting for it to start working to stop my elongated period immediately but the all day nauseous and mood change is the worst, I will try to complete the month but I not sure if the is the option for me."
"Well I must admit I was skeptical when my doctor offered this Belviq. I have tried everything under the sun without much success. I figured the first 2 weeks are free so why not? I lost 7 lbs in 2 weeks which for me is great! No side effects like the other medicine I tried. I got my next prescription which I had to pay for. My doctor has to fill out some medical necessity form for my insurance to cover it. Looking forward to losing more weight. Again no side effects! Wow!"
"Like some RA people, diagnosed easily back in 1990. Genetically &quot;gifted&quot; it from maternal side. 
Having tried all the old first line drugs w/o success I started on second line of meds including Enbrel. It was great for 6 months. Then it stopped. Remicade was started &amp; after one infusion I had a horrible reaction: Serum Sickness&quot; . Paralyzed for 3 days, severe allodynia (pain all over). Would never take this drug. It was the mouse protein in Remicade that I reacted to. Wish you all well!"
"I have taken OTC to ambien and lunesta. There  is no similar comparison. This is my miracle drug for insomnia. The bad taste is actually to help you remember you took the drug. It was designed for those who wake at night and need to go back to sleep thus again helping remember you took it. You can break them easy and can take 1/2 before bed and one if you wake up. Use the free trial and down load the coupon card for the rest of the year. You will not be disappointed in the medication. Make sure the pharmacy &quot;hooks&quot; it to the script every time. They seem to forget. Too expensive of a tier as it is!"
"I would get very restless after each dose, and it really knocked me out, although in some ways that was a very good thing. I lost weight on it, which was a huge plus, and was way less paranoid. It was a great medicine, probably my favorite antipsychotic besides Latuda. No anger at all either; I was very relaxed."
"This greatly helps my depression and anxiety so far of been on them  a month and  its good. Anyone dealing with the same symptoms should give it a shot."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for 3 days now. The first day was a bit of a challenge as I felt very hyper. My mouth is dry, but from reading the results I am not alone.  I have noticed I eat less and not craving any junk food. My goal is to loose 15-20 lbs.  I am 5ft and weigh 143 pound. I appreciate all the reviews. They were very helpful."
"If your Doctor recommends this drug for pain please explore all other options before beginning to take it. I in the beginning thought that it was a God send and it did indeed work wonders on my chronic pain however after two hip revisions back to back , a spinal stimulator being placed then removed due to malfunction I find for me this medication for me takes the edge off at best. But I do not mean to ramble I am only one out of many millions that that this drug works wonders for. The other problem I had with this medication is when they changed the formulation. You see in changing it they made it harder for drug abusers to abuse and, for people like me who do not abuse it and really need it ,made less effective. HARD TO DOSE DOWN!!!!!"
"I&#039;ve used salon pas for years, I have boxes of them in my car or at home. Even at work. But these new patches aren&#039;t good at all. I put it on and almost immediately them crinkle up and lift up. It really sucks because I like salon pas better than the other pain relieving patches. I guess I&#039;ll have to try something different. Something that&#039;ll stay on at least. I hope you all bring back the old patches or figure out a different types because these really suck!"
"Was on lexapro and didn&#039;t find it helpful . prozac seems to be doing very good."
"I&#039;m so scared the condom broke on her 12 or 11th day of the cycle and we didn&#039;t know till later  I&#039;ve read reports on how plan b does not work right before ovulation"
"I just started Victoza on Tuesday. I had a rough bout of diarrhea and I have felt kind of out of sorts. My BG did drop after 24 hours. I was regularly in the 250-350 range and it&#039;s been 150-190. Like many, getting the egg burps. Last night I had some fried food and that didn&#039;t go well at all. It just seems like I have to eat perfectly for it to work. Maybe still getting used to it. Just don&#039;t feel myself, but could be just adjusting. I am also taking Invokana in the morning so maybe that has some effects as well. Going to try and stick with it. Not really interested in weight loss, but see that it happens. Good Luck to all."
"Initially I hated this drug. It made me tired, run down and at times anxious. I even broke out in cold sores it made me feel so ill. Then at later stages it was a life saver. I want from 25mg to 300mg during terrible hypomamia and mixed episodes, it saved my life. Quitting it was hell you will feel sick and nauseous for weeks. It&#039;s a very strong drug and I say for type two bipolar to be used cautiously as its overly strong most of the time. You want to feel normal, not overly drugged as you do with this drug if taken for long periods of time. So for me it&#039;s a mixed review."
"Excellent"
"I have taken Klonopin for at least 20 years now and it is the only medication that prevents absences and myocloptic seizures. Sometimes I have breakthroughs but not often. I vary in my doses from 1 mg a day to 3 mg at times due to needing a little more or less. Since I have been on it for so long I am able to do this. I take it at nighttime because I cannot function during the day if I take it in the morning.  I think I have been on every seizure medicine there is and have had nightmare stories concerning them but Klonopin works the best for me. I believe every person is different and what works for one may not work for another. I do have to put up with occasional side effects like bouts of insomnia and breakthrough optical migraines."
"I am on Paxil for depression for the second time in my life. This last week I have had a lot of things going on and have missed taking all of my medicines, even Paxil, for several days. I have experienced a lot of side effects from these missed doses and did not put it together until today. Works great for the depression when I take it right."
"Its bad enough to have cancer, but this drug doesn&#039;t work and turns patients into lepers"
"Epi-ceram cream is amazing for eczema! The same day I applied the cream I noticed and felt a difference within a few hours. Two days later the eczema on my eye lids and around my mouth were clear. I use the cream sparingly and it works better than ANY other prescription. My insurance didn&#039;t cover it but I&#039;m so glad I took a chance and paid for it. It was well worth the $$. Hopefully it will soon be available over the counter!"
"Sustained a traumatic brain injury (TBI) and subsequently had a stroke.  Depressed as to sudden limitations of what I could do after the TBI.  Was on anti-depressant, CYMBALTA that had no effect. Within 7 days of taking Neudextra I did not feel as hopeless.  Had been very much an A type personality and practiced as an attorney prior to my TBI and subsequent stroke. I had great difficulty in suddenly having limitations as to what I was able to do, my memory, and executive function.  Grateful I was referred by my neurologist to another neurologist that had a specialty in TBI. Not many physicians, including neurologists, have a proper understanding of traumatic brain injuries, let alone how to treat it. Price REALLY should be lower."
"Loestrin Fe is great. Not only did it clear up my cysts, but it cleared up my adult acne too."
"I&#039;m a 19 year old male who suffered with moderate acne over face, particularly cheeks and chin. I had tried everything over the counter without much success. Epiduo has worked pretty well for me, greatly reduced the amount of spots I have (although still get the odd one). The dry/red skin is the biggest side effect, however regular moisturising (1-2 times per day) helps to reduce that. Has taken a couple of months to get to this stage but definitely works well, especially if you are unable/do not wish to take antibiotics."
"I was put on this pill 100mg for anxiety and sleep issues. After two days of taking the pills I started to have angry and violent thoughts and feelings. My sleep didn&#039;t get any better either. I stopped taking after those two days."
"For as far back as I could remember I always had issues going to bathroom. constipation. Bloating. Straining just for &quot;pellets&quot;. I tried numerous over the counter products from powder forms to pills and they Did not work  at all and caused more severe bloating  and cramps. I found out I have colonic intertia. I had the strongest dose prescribed to me of the linzess and found that if I take it on an empty stomach 30 min before I eat dinner after I&#039;m done eating id say 30 min to an hour I&#039;ll feel  some pressure but no pain and know it&#039;s time to head to the bathroom and it cleans me out. I usually have maybe 2 small bathroom trips after and then I&#039;m good for the nite. I usually take it twice a week not everyday or as needed to go to bathroom."
"So far so good. Dosage has been reduced tremendously since my liver transplant 7 months ago. I have had very few side effects and the capsules are small and easy to swallow. I started at 18  caps /day and now down to 3 /day. Be sure to follow your doctors orders and take your medicines on time. I use a Timex Datalink watch and set 2 alarms for each dose to reduce the chance of missing a dose."
"It has been a life saver for me and my insomnia.  I&#039;ve tried other medications before like Ambien but with my anxiety, it was not effective in helping me fall asleep.  I&#039;ve been using Trazodone for years now without any complications.  For me, it works instantly or up to the most 10 minutes, depending on my dosage.  In the days that I don&#039;t have because I&#039;m waiting on my refill, I never get to sleep when I want/need to."
"If I would be more compliant with my diet and exercise regimen, Januvia would help me stay under 6.  No noticeable side effects, although after reading other reviews, possibly the lack of sleep might be attributed to it.  I had some joint pain but I take CoQ10 and that made it go away.  Not sure if that was from Januvia or the statins.  Overall, I like it.  Can&#039;t wait until, with better compliance, I can come off these costly medicines."
"I&#039;m allergic to most -caines and Sensorcaine MPF makes it possible for me to be able to get dental work done without fear of an allergic reaction or having to be on a steroid regiment prior to having dental work done. Since being tested, it has been a wonderful find since not only have I had to have dental work done but also have had to have stitches and other medical procedures which required local numbing."
"Woke up and felt like I was on fire.  Skin was red and my heart was pounding.  Nauseated and very itchy.  Calling my doctor in the morning.  It is not worth it.  This has happened twice but this time it is worse. Feel very sick from it.  My skin is so red."
"I smoked the devil sticks for 6 years. I&#039;m young and didn&#039;t want to smoke forever so I decided to try chantix. Had upset stomach if it wasn&#039;t taken after eating. Dreams were vivid but cool I love too dream so no problem with me. Today marks one month since I had my last devil stick and I couldn&#039;t be more excited about the path I decided to take to change my life."
"I was on the shot for a little over 3 years I gained a total of 5 pounds being on the shot.  I got off the shot because it was ruining my teeth!  It had been awhile since I went to the dentist but when I went I was told I had 17 cavities. I was shocked! I bush my teeth everyday, I may not floss like I should, but 17? That&#039;s not the worst part thought after they fixed all my teeth I go back a month later for a cleaning to find out I had gotten 7 more cavities.  How does this happen within a months time?  I finally realized it was the Depo-Provera after actually reading the paper the doctor gives you every time you get the shot."
"I have had a very good experience with Nexplanon. I had really irregular and heavy periods before but now they happen very lightly and at the same time every month."
"I am a 72 year old woman.  I had propofol for a heart ablation.  They had a hard time trying to start my IV and when finally in it was very painful to even move my wrist but decided to leave it in as it was working and I didn&#039;t want them to dig around any more. In the operating room they put the oxygen mask on me and then said I would be going to sleep.  They said what they were putting in my IV might burn a little.  It was horrible!  It felt like they poured boiling water on my arm and it just kept getting more intense.  I tried to get away and screamed at them but they kept up till I passed out.
Horrible, experience.  Have had 6 major surgeries and never had this happen before."
"Worse rescue inhaler ever!!!!!  I&#039;m resorting to using my nebulizer in order to get relief.  Who&#039;s bright idea was it to switch from a pump inhaler to a inhaled powder???  Half the time I don&#039;t have enough breath to inhale and I don&#039;t get a good dose, and let&#039;s not forget the fact that I have to make sure that my lips do not block the airflow window.  Unfortunately I can&#039;t even switch to a different one because my insurance will not cover any other brand.  Someone help me I can&#039;t breath and my back hurts so bad as a result."
"I smoked for over 11 years before I tried Chantix this March. By week 3 I had completely stopped smoking. Smoking was no longer appealing. It was amazing. "
"I&#039;ve had a paralyzingly fear of public speaking for as long as I can remember. I&#039;ve humiluated myself endless times trying to do presentations. And I mean to the point of becoming so violently ill from the anxiety that Id run out of the room. Fast forward 6 years and in my first big corporate position im required to do a presentation. I almost died. I anticipated this moment. I dreaded it. I went to a dr desperate for help who prescribed me propranolol. I took 15mg 10mg and another half) 2 hours prior plus .25 mg xanax and I felt amazing. I did the best presentation of my life. No nerves. No jitters. I was cool, calm, collected. I made eye contact and was funny. I used my hands and could have stayed up there all day.  I love it!!!!"
"I started taking Effexor XR 37.5mg capsules 2 months ago.  I had a hard time for the first couple of days.  I would wake up in the mornings feeling afraid and hot.  But my loved ones convinced me to stick it out.  I continued taking my medicine each day...at the same time each morning.  And I wish I would have started taking it a long time ago!  I can concentrate.  I can focus on what my children are saying to me.  Things that used to be overwhelming are no longer.  I can go out in public and feel confident...not feel like the walls are closing in on me.  Effexor XR changed my life for the better."
"Tried other medicines for my GERD. Aciphex has been my salvation for 12 years and is worshiped by me. "
"I suffer of Crohn&#039;s Disease about 2 years and took remicade for one now. At first i had headaches but now i just took remicade every 56 days and keeps me ok. I don&#039;t feel the syntons of disease and bacically i eat everything that i wish but i&#039;m 29 so i&#039;m always on diet to keep my body shape."
"On starting 40 mg Micardis experienced severe dizziness that lasted about a month, eventually subsiding. Okay for another 4 months then started to have burning and pain in feet and lower legs especially at bedtime. Had to stop even though was doing a good job with blood pressure.  Now taking Diovan and doing well."
"I&#039;ve got severe anxiety and panic attacks. I&#039;ve been using lorazepam/avitan for a couple years now to help stop my panic attacks. I can always count on it to work. Last night my anxiety was through the roof. My mind wouldn&#039;t stop racing, my chest hurt, and it felt like I was being stabbed in the gut repeatedly. I want to cry but I knew if I did I would for sure have an attack and wasn&#039;t sure if I could cope right since I was home alone. I keep a vial of my prescription on my keys and took one tablet. In about half an hour I no longer felt like I was dying and was able to get some rest a little after that. I think if I didn&#039;t have this med I would have ended up at the hospital last night."
"I am a 22 year old female who had painful, cystic, lumps that would form deep in the skin around my mouth and would get worse with my hormone cycle. I went on YAZ as it is the only birth control proven to help hormonal acne and the progesterone in it, drosperinone, acts very similar to spiro. This helped but then school got very stressful and the acne got worse. I went on 50 mg of spiro and it definitely helped cut down on the number and severity of acne. After being on the 50 mg for 4 months, I moved up to 100 mg and have had 0 acne since!!! Not exaggerating. YAZ completely cleared my 21 year old friend&#039;s hormonal acne up but mine did not clear until adding 100 mg of spiro, so try things out to see what will help!"
"I  am on Humira and this past Saturday made my 12th SC injection.  There are some good and some not so good things that I can say about Humira.  I was very hesitant to try any of the TNF or monoclonial antibodies due to some of the possible side effects I had read about. My Rheumatologist let me decide from 3 protocols and I chose Humira.  I asked my rheumatologist which one he felt more comfortable with and his response was Humira, so that is how I made that decision. Prior to starting Humira,  my energy level was &quot;nil&quot; because I had no energy whatsoever. I will say my energy level has improved a great deal but getting fibromyalgia now and this is miserable. I am 45 but at times I feel 60. Good luck to all!"
"The dosing was 0.5mg x 2 doses, daily. 
The first few days (1-4) were great. We noticed more our 5 yr old soon looking at us for longer periods of time when speaking to him. Also, he seemed to turn his work (kindergarten) completed, the teacher was impressed with that. However, his ODD (more defiant) became worse at the end of the first week, he began hiding under his desk saying &quot;don&#039;t look at my face,&quot; and more emotional all around. At the end of the week, he had 2-3 full on accidents (urination on himself, in the daytime.) This was where I put my foot down and dropped this drug. My son did not have any problems with bladder control before this drug. I am not going to continue this with out reassurance from prescribing doctor."
"Paregoric is a wonderful medication. Not sure if I have Crohn&#039;s disease or IBS but when having a flare it is the best thing I have found. 
As a child I was given a medication with paregoric in it and it always worked and made me feel better. 
I hate the fact that medications are so abused that the government feels the need to take it off the shelf. 
I have not been able to get a prescription for more than 5 years."
"I have been smoking for almost 20 years. I had tried the patch, the gum, cold turkey, your name it! I even had a hard time stopping when I got pregnant. I knew it was time to make some major changes. I talked to my doctor and he really made me do my homework before writing me a prescription. I smoked the first week, but by day 3 I could already see a change. I was smoking less and less cigarettes or not tasting as good anymore. I&#039;m now on day six without a cigarette and I feel great the first couple of days I had some cravings but now I don&#039;t even crave anymore! I have not experienced any side effects at all... And that was my biggest worry! I would definitely recommend Chantex to anybody who is serious about quitting smoking!"
"I was prescribed this drug after my liver decided it was going to show sensitivity to statins.  Im in tears right now.  Its only been 4 days and I&#039;ve been experiencing severe joint pain, muscle tenderness, chest pain, and now woken up by a night terror.  I dont know what im going to do, but ai cant take this drug anymore.  It&#039;s frightening!"
"Thought I would be the first to post as I was looking around for reviews before starting this medicine.  Basically, I switched from Atripla to Triumeq.  After 2 years of being on Atripla, I was having some depression symptoms and was also worried about long term bone and kidney impacts.  I&#039;ve been on triumeq for 2 month&#039;s now and it&#039;s been great.  Viral Load is still undetectable and depression is gone.  I honestly love this medicine so far and would recommend it for anyone thinking of switching.  The only possible side effect I&#039;ve experienced is difficulty getting a deep sleep the first 3 nights after starting but honestly this could&#039;ve been me worrying a bit about the medication swap.  All in all, this medicine has been great so far and I would definitely recommend."
"This has been a miracle for me.  I had a bowel prep for a colonoscopy and endoscopy which cleared my system.  My doctor started me on 290mcg of Linzess the day after the procedure. I have gone to the bathroom everyday since, sometimes more than once. I have little or no reactions to the medicine other than when I need to go, I need to go now. I keep it by my bed and take it with a glass of water first thing in the morning. No more bloating or gasiness.  Cost is the only draw back.  Expensive if you do not have insurance. I have suffered with chronic painful constipation for about thirty years. "
"I&#039;m 29 years old and I haven&#039;t had a problem with BMs really until the last 2 years, and then the last few weeks I have had ZERO/zip/no movement. I have been in so much pain and agony being so constipated with no relief and I tried EVERYTHING at home. Enema, laxatives, stool softeners, ice cream (sometimes it helps)... absolutely nothing helped. I finally went into my doctor after a night of throwing up blood (not sure what was up with that), and finally he referred me to a specialist but also prescribed me Linzess. 

This is a MIRACLE PILL. It took about an hour and 45 minutes for it to kick in, but it helped, and continues. Ask your doctor for a co-pay card, it may help with price. It is expensive."
"soma is a great muscle relaxer i have been taking it since 1997 as needed i have had 2 back surgerys and soma helps me sleep when i get muscle spasms at night i take it about 15 minutes before i go to bed and when i awake in the morning i feel like i had a good night sleep and i dont feel drozzy in the morning i have takin other muscle relaxers in the past and felt drozzy when i awoke. thank god they invented soma."
"I am currently taking 15 mg three x per day (total of 45mg). 

The first month was the worst. The main side effect that I had was body aches and muscle stiffness that never lessened. Once a month passed the body aches went away and I noticed a faint constant headache. After about a week that went away too. The only side effect I notice now (after 2 months on Nardil) is a pounding headache lasting 10 seconds and light headedness when I get up to stand from laying down and swelling. It give it 4/10 because it has made my suicidal thoughts disappear and I am less teary and emotional. Has not helped my overall mood or general sense of wellbeing. I find the dietary restrictions hard to follow."
"I didn&#039;t have bad acne whatsoever it was just random spots which kept on coming &amp; going and I just wanted rid! I was so embarrassed to take my makeup off Infront of my boyfriend &amp; friends because I felt so ugly which resulted in me wearing more &amp; more makeup everyday ( which probably didn&#039;t help my skin much more ) but once I got prescribed this by the doctors it was the best ever! Although it left me with dry skin it was so good, I felt fresher and the best part was that people started to notice I wasn&#039;t bothered about taking my makeup off! I&#039;m a 19 year old girl and it&#039;s all about makeup &amp; looking good nowadays and spots / acne is awful to have

Hope this helps!!"
"I was perscribed Bactrim for a UTI. Day one I thought I had the Flu. Day 2 I could barely walk. Joints hurt very bad ankles, knees, wrists and shoulders.I stopped taking this medication. Called the doctor to prescribe something else."
"I got hit with chills, body aches and an extremely high fever out of no where (started and sky rocketed in an hour). I went to my doctor and she prescribed Clarithromycin - 500mg for 7 days, a nasal spray and ear drops for an ear infection. The first night I took it I did not feel any side effects, the 2nd and 3rd night I felt nauseous, a lot of pain in my abdominal area and could not fall asleep. This drug tastes like horse poo mixed with garbage, it leaves a vile taste in your mouth. However, it has helped with my infection, I am starting to come back to normal and general weakness has left my body. * Someone recommended swishing salt water to help with the taste, if you do this 3-4 times a day IT WILL HELP. Good luck to you all."
"I had the Nexplanon put in July 29, 2013 and haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since. The irregular bleeding is the worst, headaches and facial breakouts are some other side effects I&#039;ve experienced."
"I got Kyleena inserted on 4/20 for my extremely painful periods. Yes, the day of insertion was hell on earth. The 2 cramps that occurred during the insertion were the worst pains I have ever felt. Tears ran down my face, I became white as a sheet, &amp; almost passed out (I also took 800mg of ibuprofen 40 minutes prior). The nurse brought me water, &amp; I was ok to get up and walk to my car after 5-7 minutes of laying down. Buy the heating pads that stick inside your underwear! They are a life saver. Those, ibuprofen, hot tea, &amp; a snuggly boyfriend were very helpful. I had cramps &amp; spotting for 2 days after &amp; have not had any symptoms since except for some minor rare cramping. I LOVE IT! The initial pain is WELL WORTH the benefits now. :)"
"First few months was great! No bleeding, no worries, just safe sex... Then I took my third shot... I started spotting then I was just like a regular period every single day! My vagina smelled no matter how much I washed up, sex was always a mess to clean up, and really the sight of blood from down there is absolutely disgusting! My sisters told me I could become anaemic due to the blood loss and iron decrease in my body! Sure I feel fine despite the fact that I&#039;m always bleeding but in the long run it wasn&#039;t helping me and being a vegetarian didn&#039;t make it any better! Anyways I&#039;m deciding to switch to the pill I&#039;m not sure how this is gonna work... Don&#039;t know if the bleeding will stop.. I just hope I won&#039;t be bleeding everyday!"
"Best cold sore medication ever. I have tried everything, this stops it from growing right away so they don&#039;t last near as long."
"I was sexually assaulted  (raped) December 15th and took Plan B 8hrs after the occurance. I was ovulating and I am overweight and I&#039;ve read that the pill is worthless for someone like me. I was due for my period the 19th and it never came. I literally prayed for my period for Christmas. It came the day after, on the 26th lol. So even if you&#039;re ovulating and overweight, it will work. Put the phone down and relax. You will be fine."
"I had been getting panic attacks for so long they were so scary I had already been to the ER like 4 times and the only thing that did was get me a huge bill that I don&#039;t have money to pay. Xanax was like a miracle pill for me. I got some felt so relieved, a little dizzy at first but relieved that I wasn&#039;t so panicky any more I&#039;m guessing you should only take it when you start feeling like your going to get a panic attack again or as told by your doctor. Just don&#039;t drink any alcohol while you&#039;re on Xanax. It does make me feel sleepy but sometimes when I feel like going out I fight it and I don&#039;t sleep and I&#039;m still able to go out and enjoy myself."
"Zero effect on my anxiety. Just made me tired and useless all day. Benzos are the only medications that actually have any effect on it.  I&#039;ll be going back to what actually does something."
"8 weeks of Harvoni , passed first month undectable, 2nd month undectable an just completed 12 week SVR!  I am done - hep C free forever more!  I did not experience anything to complain about and only felt better each day knowing I was going  to kick hep C&#039;s butt! So happy that Kaiser made it so easy for me to start treatment and so supportive!  Thank you Dr and Gilead -you rock!! You saved my life and I will see my grandchild get married! Amazing!"
"This medicine works every time with no problem, but for some reason, the last time I took it, I got really light headed &amp; dizzy. I got over heated &amp; felt as if I couldn&#039;t breathe. I went to bed &amp; when I woke up, I was better. &amp; the yeast  infection was gone."
"I was prescribed metronidazole, two pills a day for 7 days. And so far it has cured my bacterial infection. And I haven&#039;t had any side effects and hopefully I wont. I have three days left of taking this medication. But I am afraid that I screwed up, I forgot to take my two pills one day and I&#039;m hoping that this doesn&#039;t affect it clearing up the infection for good..but overall I am really happy about this medication except for the horrible taste."
"Had severe tachycardia since 2004.  I take 50mg 2x daily and resting pulse remains below 100 bpm."
"This drug does not work. I was first prescribed the 10mg dose and after 2 weeks of the same, bad sleep, my Dr let me titrate to the 20mg. It still does not work. I have also experienced night sweats and some dizziness."
"I have taken this medication for 3 months, and it is the first time in 5 years I have been practicaly pain free!"
"I had a cardiac cath Sept 2013, I was diagnosed with heart failure, a blockage that can not be repaired and obstructed cardiomyothrapy also 2 heart attacks, before Ranexa, I was in alot of pain, I take 1000 mg twice a day, all though I do have some pain, Ranexa has helped alot and given me some relief, my Dr said that was normal with my conditions, but I have gotten some relief"
"This is the best cough and cold syrup ever made. Unfortunately I am a smoker so I tend to get coughs and colds easier than non smokers. This really works for me and it makes me feel better."
"I&#039;ve been trying to keep on this medication, but I don&#039;t think I can. Dr prescribed 100mg for 1 week, then 300mg. Within 2 weeks I had my very first ever (I&#039;m 58) yeast infection. My privates were inflamed and very painful. Took OTC yeast meds.

I called the Dr office and he reduced it back down to 100 mg. Now about 10 days later, I have fissures in my vulva. 

Dr assistant insists that I don&#039;t use toilet paper to wipe after urination, but those new wipes that have been out for a few years. I tried but most of them but even the baby wipes are very heavily perfumed. So I bought unscented, sensitive skin baby wipes. They are better, but my skin is still too sensitive for them. Lots of other side effects. I&#039;m not doing well on this med."
"Epidrin works great for my migraines! I do feel side effects of slight drowsiness/drugged feelings but these are much more tolerable then having migraine symptoms!"
"This pill is a nightmare! Horrific moodswings and general snappiness most of the time, with days of total lethargy and tearful depression. Also gave me chronic diarrhoea throughout my period and problems sleeping. It turned me into a different person which was frightening."
"I have been on Zoloft for 6 months 100mg a day. It worked great for me. Then out of the blue I started feel bad again like I felt before I started Zoloft. Low energy &amp; borderline anxiety attacks all day every day."
"My doctor wanted me to take statins with 225 cholesterol.  I didn&#039;t want to (63 yrs old).  She then suggested 500 mg of Slo-Niacin twice a day with a baby aspirin.  I started it but in a few days I was terribly constipated.  I backed off to once a day which helped.  Then I started taking potassium iodine (kelp) and the constipation problem is completely solved - better than ever as I&#039;ve always been constipated - probably slow thyroid.  Anyway, when I was taking the two Slo-Niacins a day, I felt 20 years younger.  Going up a flight of stairs felt like walking on a flat surface.  Now one a day so I only feel 10 years younger.  I went on a hike yesterday where I walked on a steep path for 45 min and it was like flat again.  "
"This pill works perfectly. I&#039;ve tried OTC meds, sumatriptan shots, etc this medicine works. The only thing is if I take a full dose (500) mg I feel weird, slight tightening in my neck for the first hour. I don&#039;t even care, it&#039;s worth it to get rid of these headaches which I get 4 to 5 times per month. I&#039;d drive 100 miles to get them if I had to. Just hope they don&#039;t find out this is slowly killing people someday."
"Excellent for controlling anxiety that, for me, can spiral in to major depression I feel more like myself on Cymbalta than I did on Zoloft. It has been excellent at relieving chronic musculoskeletal pain. Cymbalta benefits do come at a cost, financially and physically. The most annoying physical symptom is profuse sweating. I never sweated much, even on hot days. With Cymbalta, it can be cold outside &amp; I&#039;m in my car A/C on, face dripping with sweat. I can easily tell this from a menopausal hot flash.The two sometimes occur together. Cymbalta can give me bad morning headaches &amp; I can&#039;t use Motrin while on it. Once you&#039;re on Cymbalta you can&#039;t just stop it without getting severe withdrawal symptoms, especially dizziness. "
"I was prescribed cleocin (clindamycin) for an infected tooth.  I have never had this antibiotic before, called the pharmacist and was told to drink a lot of water because it has a tendency to cause diarrhea.  Well I stayed on it for five days while enduring terrible stomach cramps and uncontrollable diarrhea until I came to my senses.  I called the dentist and switched to augmentin which did the trick.  Now, ten days later, I&#039;m still recovering from the side effects of the cleocin.  I will never take this antibiotic again.  There are too many alternatives to endure these reactions, let alone the fact that this drug strips your body of probiotics that affect the colon and can cause serious, and yes, even fatal consequences."
"I just finished the first week on Contrave. 52 yr old female, 5&#039;5 182. I was already taking Wellbutrin so I didn&#039;t have to adjust, first week I cut my Wellbutrin dose in half and I will completely go off it as I titrated up. So, no side effects! Lost 4 pounds the first week. Just started the two per day and I couldn&#039;t finish my salad for dinner because I was full. I have also been able to cut out wine, I can&#039;t believe I&#039;m not craving it. I&#039;m hoping to lose 30 pounds and will add exercise."
"I started phentermine  6 days ago. The first 2 days, I felt like I was in a fog. By the third day, the feeling passed. My starting weight was 273. My weight today is 266. Over Easter, I never had the urge to indulge in candy, or desserts! 10 years ago I had Lap Band surgery, and lost over 80 lbs. Since that time, I have regained about 40lbs. This medication is exactly what I need to jump start my weight loss. It suppresses  the feelings to over eat, or binge eat."
"After my brain surgery I got insomnia. Trazodone is the best medication I have ever tried for insomnia. It has never failed me in the 2 years of taking it. I can fall asleep and if I wake up to use the bathroom I can fall back asleep. Ambien, Lunesta didn&#039;t work as well as this medicine. "
"I have had a great improvement in my mental function. I can now pay attention and follow along with what is going on around me. With a switch to Desoxyn as a daytime medication wow I feel like a normal person at least for me. Get a safe to keep it in as the ramification of having it stolen are great. And the paperwork long. The number of agency&#039;s involved boggled my mind. "
"So far Epiduo has been great on cheeks. Made my face really dry, but its worth it. Now that acne is no longer being formed on my face, I&#039;m starting to get acne on my neck. But overall, Epiduo is great. :)"
"I have severe allergy attacks and am now up to 11 medications I&#039;m allergic to within the past year. 4 months on Xolair and became allergic to 2 more medications. I&#039;m on 5 allergy medications and still not working. Xolair work? For some, not for everyone but it can take some time to work. "
"Excellent. It worked to break the cycle without many side effects"
"Female smoker for 35 years (1+ pack a day).
Took 1 prescription of chantix (did not renew it)
Experienced zero side effects.
Have not had one cigarette or even come close to wanting one in almost 5 years!!
Chantix changed my life. I did initially gain weight, but have since lost it"
"I struggled with such bad acne since I was in middle school. I tried almost every type of over the counter medicine that there was and none of it worked. During my Freshman year of high school, I decided that I needed a cure for my acne because of how terrible it was getting. I went to a dermatologist and he recommend Accutane for about 7 months. After about 3 months, I could not believe that my face was getting clearer! When I was finally done, my skin was clear! I was so excited!! I even recommend Accutane to one of my friends and her face turned out great as well. I took Accutane back in 2009 and I&#039;m now 22 years old and my face still looks fantastic! I highly recommend Accutane to anyone who is struggling with acne, it works!"
"I can&#039;t believe how well this medicine worked! I had athlete&#039;s foot for five years on my left foot &amp; for six months on my right foot. My entire left foot on the bottom &amp; sides &amp; in between my toes itched like crazy at times. Every day I suffered with my foot itching in the shower or whenever my foot sweated.  I scratched so hard in the shower that my foot bled, and I really felt like I was suffering &amp; that wasn&#039;t too strong of a word. I tried a few things that I read online &amp; nothing helped. I finally tried Lamisil 1%, using it twice a day for six weeks &amp; missing a few doses. Directions are for two weeks. It finally cured my athlete&#039;s foot! It&#039;s costly but worth every penny. I still use it occasionally to be on the safe side. I rate it 10*!"
"I have used this Devrom for several years to effectively deodorize odor from flatulence. I can&#039;t believe how well it works and fast. No interactions with any other drugs I take. Can&#039;t say enough"
"I began taking 25mg for 2 weeks and then went to 50mg, for depression. It&#039;s been about 6 weeks. So far, I have had no side effects, oddly enough. Maybe some slight dry mouth? I do feel that it is helping, in that I am focusing less on the sad feelings. I still have them, and there are still things in my life I need to change, but I&#039;m no longer dwelling on that as much. For me, it works well."
"I use the generic cialis from India.  Their is no difference from brand and generic from India. Save your money I buy all my meds from India. American drug prices are outragous."
"I have used Drixoral for years. It is the only thing that helps me with my head congestion and my asthma. It helps me to breath better. I notice that I do not have to use my albuterol when I use it. I noticed since I don&#039;t have drixoral my breathing is not good when it is humid or when something else can trigger my asthma. I hope they bring the product back otherwise I am going to suffer."
"Makes me very fatigued. Almost zombie like. I have a hard time concentrating on anything. Hoping it just takes some time to get in my system and work correctly. If not, going to see if I can get in something different."
"For the last 7 years I have burning mouth syndrome (BMS,) which gives me 24 hours a day severe pain (rate that starts in the morning on a scale of 3 and ends at night on a 6). I went to many doctors and tried about every painkiller. I changed my doctor and he prescribed oxycontin. A month later my pain went down to 2 all day long. I am thankful that I have my life back after all that pain."
"I was in agonizing pain with my tooth abscess, so the dentist prescribed me this. In 5 days I am almost totally painless."
"Saved my freakin life!!! Junior year of high school, was dealing with severe hypochiondria + generalized anxiety- couldn&#039;t sleep, couldn&#039;t eat, lost 30lbs in two months and missed 2-3 days of school per week. My doctor prescribed celexa first which did nothing but make me dissociate for two days straight. He decided we should try clonazepam next just to get my acute episodes of anxiety under control and OMG, what a difference!!! I literally cried from relief after taking my first dose, because it made me feel completely normal again. My only side effect is the occasional headache a day after taking it. I now only take it as needed once or twice a week and it still works wonders. Also works great for migraines."
"I&#039;ve dealt with severe panic disorder my whole life, if i feel on the edge i will take the hydroxzine and it will take my anxiety down and help me rest. The down side is if i go into a severe panic attack it does nothing for me. I had to go to court so i took six 50mg (every 2 hours) it had no effect because i hate standing in front of people, i was still panicking. Where i live (and probably most places now) people take advantage of benzodiazepine and other drugs so no doctor will prescribe them to me. I am the exact person that needs them and i will not take advantage. I have never tried xanax because I don&#039;t take anything that&#039;s not prescribed to me, but I&#039;m curious to see if it would work because I&#039;m desperate."
"This was black labeled and are hiding side effects. My mother is sitting in a hospital with cancer and other problems leading back to this drug"
"I used Monistat 3 ovules for the first time 1 year ago. I experienced minimal burning and pain, however, my YI symptoms did not get any better after completing the 3 day treatment. I went out and bought monistat 7, once I applied the insert, my vagina felt like it had been cut with knives and drenched in lemon juice. I stopped use of monistat 7 immediately. By the 5th night, my symptoms had reduced, but came back with BV a few days later. 

I&#039;m currently using Monistat 3 ovule again and have yet to feel any burning. But again, I don&#039;t feel my symptoms getting any better. Hopefully it works this time and doesn&#039;t result in BV again! 

One more thing, it was difficult for me to insert the product given that I am a virgin and do not use tampons"
"I can&#039;t get this new   bottle open!!! Are they kidding?  I hurt my hand trying to do it.  Who came up with this??? I&#039;m going to return to Walgreens and go buy generic brand at Walmart."
"I was browsing the web looking for reviews for contraceptive options, due to the fact that it is hard for me to remember to take the pill everyday. I have been on Loestrin/Minastrin for 6 years now, and I have loved it. I was put on this birth control my first day at the gyno as a test pack to see if the pill was right for me. I fell in love with fact that you only had to have your period four days a month so I was sold! The only time I wasn&#039;t on this pill is when my pharmacy accidentally prescribed me the generic brand but it was an easy fix. For anyone who wants to try it I encourage them to do so. It has been awesome for me. I never seemed to have any problems with it!"
"Started yesterday at 4:30pm.  Taste wasn&#039;t bad, I used a lemon wedge to suck on in between gulps.  Almost immediately I knew it was working.  30 minutes in, soft stool then and hour in liquid stools.  The sitting on the toilet part only really lasted an hour and a half.  Then it slowed down.  By 7pm I was exhausted and decided to sleep if I could before round two.  Alarm was set for 1:30am.  30 minutes in major liquid stool... mostly water at this point.  My procedure is at 7am, have to be there by 6am.  Hasn&#039;t been a bad process, just dealing with stomach pains.  I&#039;d been eating small meals every two hours, so the preparation before the prep has been the most difficult.  Trusting for a great report.  This 50 plus stuff sucks!"
"This is the worst birth control pill I have ever used. I have taken it regularly daily and have bled for nearly three weeks with awful cramping. Plus the nausea was so overwhelming. My appetite has been nonexistent. My period came very regularly before going on Seasonique, every 28 days. But to bleed before the yellow pills and for nearly a month? I was checked out by my obgyn and there is no cause for this but this pill is not a good fit for me."
"I was put on prozac 5 years ago to help with severe premenapausal symtoms (ie: anxiety, night sweats, Hot flashes, depression,  lack of concentration, ).I was amazed how good it felt and how much it helped with all these symptoms. The extra bonus was I was much happier, relaxed and more social than I had been ever before. The serotonin was a miracle drug. I take 20 mg 3 times a day and if I miss more than 4 days all my symtoms as well as depression kick in. I&#039;m 51 and it&#039;s been a life savor for me."
"I was prescribed this medicine for intractable migraines that seemed to be associated with decreased estrogen and for awful night sweats and insomnia.  The migraines almost completely disappeared, and are now stopped with 50 mg Imitrex (that had previously gotten to the point where nothing stopped them).  The nights sweats and insomnia completely stopped.  "
"I&#039;ve had my Paragard in for 8 months so far. Same as everyone else, pretty crampy when getting it inserted. However love the fact that it works. The only downfall is I bleed WAY more. I bleed through super+ tampons in less than 8 hours. I&#039;m going to a doctor to see if I need to change the device. Also, my mood swings are pretty crazy lately. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s the excessive bleeding or what. I want to love the paragard, but if you have known problems with low iron or thin blood it may not be right for you!"
"Apart from gas and drowsiness, I don&#039;t feel anything bad. "
"I have suffered from major depression, panic-anxiety attacks and generalized anxiety since 1994. My doctor started my treatment with 10mg of Paxil (paroxetine) over the years the dosage went up from 10mg to 20mg, 20mg to 30 mg. On July 2008 my doctor raised the dosage from 30mg to 40mg, but in April 2010 my depression panic- anxiety attacks got worse. I felt lack of motivation, unproductive, unable to think or make decisions, wanted to be in bed all day. I was very depressed. I went to my Doctor and he told me that since I ahd been taking Paxil for more than 15 years probably the medication was not working for me anymore and he prescribed citalopram 20mg and Provigil 200mg. I&#039;m doing better. Good luck."
"I recently started this pill almost a month ago to prevent pregnancy. I am almost finished with the first pack and anxious to see what my period will be like. As for side effects, I have been very emotional and irritable at times. I used to be on a different medicine for acne but once I started this pill i stopped taking the other medicine and now I have whiteheads everywhere, which is opposite from what i usually get. I also have been very constipated and have had alot of gas although I havent gained any weight. Overall I dont know if I would recommend this pill due to all of the side effects that I have already experienced."
"I don&rsquo;t find a lot of positive stories about antidepressants, or I find stories where people are taking the antidepressant the wrong way.

I wanted to share my experience.  A positive one.

I&rsquo;ve had generalized anxiety disorder, SEVERE OCD, and panic disorder for as long as I can remember.  My first memory of having an episode was when I was 4 years old at my kindergarten interview.  I feel as though I was born with the illnesses mentioned above, right from the womb.  When I was a child I was extremely anxious, had bad separation anxiety from my parents and had extreme OCD, I was just a kid and thought that the way I was feeling is how all kids felt, I didn&rsquo;t realize that I was different.  This went on, and got even worse in middle school.  I began developing trichtilomania in middle school.  In high school I went from being a 90% above student, to failing every class within a couple of years.  I couldn&rsquo;t leave the house.  My panic disorder and gad caused debilitating physical symptoms.  I would be shaking when I had to leave the house, I wouldn&rsquo;t drink alcohol because I was afraid of vomiting, I was suffering so much, for my whole entire life with severe phobias, fears, and anxiety.  I prayed and prayed and prayed to God every night for it to go away.  I was a 16 year old living in a prison of her own mind.  It never went away.  Every single day was the worst day of my life, I would wake up and the thoughts just started,  I never had a break.  My life was exhausting.

I am of east indian background and my parents didn&rsquo;t understand mental illness well.  It is very taboo in my culture.  I went to tons of doctors and they told me it was just growing pains,  no doctor ever told me that maybe I should see a therapist.  I didn&rsquo;t have any support.  When I was 22 I attempted suicide.  Luckily the attempt didn&rsquo;t work and I was forced to go on medication.  I was livid, I was so against antidepressants, I was so so so scared, it felt unnatural. My general practitioner put me on Effexor, I took it for almost 8 weeks, it helped me to not want to kill myself, but It also made me gain tons of weight which made me depressed, and it make me hear voices.  One evening a voice told me to choke my mom, and I started freaking out and my parents drove me immediately to the hospital.  At the hospital I talked to a psych nurse who calmed me down, and got me an appointment with a psychiatrist the next day.  This appointment and this psychiatrist saved my life, and changed my entire life.

I want to really mention that you should not be going to a General Practitioner for mental illness medication, you should ALWAYS&hellip;ALWAYS go to a psychiatrist no matter what.  If your GP is the only person you are seeing to help you manage your meds for ocd, anxiety, etc, that is the WRONG MOVE.  That is such a common mistake people are making, you NEED a psychiatrist in order to get the meds right, please do not just go to your regular doctor, you&rsquo;ll be cheating yourself.

I went to the psychiatrist appointment the next day.  It was the first time I had ever seen a psychiatrist.   I got into her room and we talked about everything, my childhood, my phobias, my ocd.  She then brought my parents into the room to explain the whole situation to them and the fact that I have a chemical imbalance in my brain and that I have been suffering for way too long.  My parents were so supportive.  The doctor told me I was on the wrong medication, that I never should have been placed on Effexor which is an SNRI, and that I should be on an SSRI considering my main problem is OCD and GAD.  We talked a lot about it and she told me she would like to place me on Prozac.  She said for me, because my neural pathways have been the same for 20 plus years, that I would need a higher dosage of Prozac especially for anxiety and OCD.   I see on this forum, that so many people are on 20mg, or 40mg for anxiety disorders.   You should be on 60mg at least, do not be afraid to go higher.  People that say Prozac or an SSRI didn&rsquo;t really do anything for their anxiety or ocd is because they are only taking a 20mg dose,  That is not an OCD dose.  40-80mg for anxiety and OCD.   Please up your dose.   Use the medication, REALLY USE IT.  Do not be afraid!

My doctor started me on 40mg, eventually took me to 100mg, and then I went back to 80mg.  Yes the side effects are insane, I was nauseated, I couldn&rsquo;t sleep, I was shaking, I had anxiety, but she prescribed me Ativan and said to use it until the Prozac kicked in.  That the Ativan would keep me comfortable until that happened.  Don&rsquo;t try to be a hero, use your Ativan or your Xanax or whatever to stay as comfortable as possible.

I could write so much more, but I&rsquo;ll conclude with this.  4 months after being on 80mg of Prozac everyday, I woke up one day and I was cured.   Yes cured.  I had no OCD, I had no anxiety, I no longer had fears or phobias.   I was cured.   You have no idea how that day felt.  It was like the first day of my whole entire life.  I woke up being the real me, who is free spirited and isn&rsquo;t afraid of anything!  I was finally free, I was no longer a prisoner.  I didn&rsquo;t even have to go to therapy.  I just woke up one day a brand new person, from taking a high dose of Prozac every single day.

DO NOT go off of the antidepressants.   Your ocd, your anxiety, depression etc will come back.  I WOULD never dream or even think to come off of my antidepressants,  I have an illness, that will return if I go off the medication, because I have a brain disorder.  OCD is a brain disorder.  Do not stop taking medication for your brain disorder, do not try to fix your brain disorder with just a 20mg or 40mg dose.  Own your medication, be on it for life.

It&rsquo;s been 5 years since I have been cured.  If it wasn&rsquo;t for Prozac, I would be dead.

1)	You need a psychiatrist
2)	Do not be afraid to take more than 40mg of Prozac to treat panic attacks etc,  I am on 80mg a day and my life is a ball.  It is so wonderful and so carefree.
3)	Do not stop the meds.  Be on the meds for life."
"Ive been on zoloft (75 mg) for about a month now, and im just starting to feel the effect. Ive depression and anxiety, and all i can tell is that im still very sad but it&#039;s not the end of the world as before. I still cry sometimes but i dont want to kill myself anymore. But its strange not to feel like i used to be, i have the sensation that im functional and under control, but at the same time i feel like a robot or zombie, and thats weird, im not totally myself. But i guess this is better than the horrible anxiety i used to have. Sometimes i have headaches, im very sleepy and sweaty and talkative. Anyway, it is helping me for my anxiety, but depression barely improved."
"I&#039;ve been using this product for about 3 weeks. My acne is really bad due to hormone issues, so I was worried that no medications would help until we finally got my hormones balanced. Well, I began using Aczone and I have, as well as others, noticed a wonderful improvement. I haven&#039;t had issues with dry skin with it. I hope it continues to work."
"I was treated for kidney infection with 750 mg once a day for 7 days. Like other reviewers I had similar side effects ; terrible headaches , nausea, sleeplessness, aches in joints.  I&#039;m an avid tennis player and worry about tendon damage. I must admit the back pain is better in two days but still have frequent urination issues. The doctor ordered a culture which should be back soon and perhaps offer another alternative with fewer side effects."
"This was not a bad birth control, I&#039;ve missed it a couple times within 24hours and no pregnancy. Didn&#039;t have much weight gain at all. Only thing is lower than normal sex drive.  I would recommend this for people (me included) that cannot take combo pills.. Higher risk of stroke due to excess estrogen. I will be back on it if I get my period this next month :)"
"I&#039;ve just had my third botox injections.  I didn&#039;t notice a huge improvement after the first lot of injections, although there still was in improvement from having 3 to 4 migraines per week to maybe one or 2 per week.  The second lot of injections caused 2 weeks for 5 migraines per week, but then the breakthrough happened.  2 months completely migraine free.  I cannot remember the last time I have gone for that long without a migraine.  Must be at least 30 years.  I&#039;m quietly optimistic that I have finally got a migraine solution that works."
"I am rating it a 10 because it provides you with what it says: protection against unplanned pregnancy. It is inserted in your arm and you literally forget about it. I used to love it, but I started noticing that I&#039;ve been getting constant, raging headaches that can last for days with little to no relief, even with the use of pain meds. I also noticed that it has become very difficult for me to lose weight. I totally recommend giving nexplanon a shot, but due to these side effects that I&#039;ve started getting, I will be getting it removed next week."
"I was put on this medication by a new doctor who didn&#039;t like that I was on fentanyl patches.  I was put on the 10 mg to start.  The first couple of weeks everything was great, no pain.  But then I started having severe muscle and joint pain.  Since I have Lupus and Sjogrens I am used to joint pain but this was worse than normal.  I tried taking the patch off and the muscle aches stopped.. but the other pain I had was worse.  My doctor thinks I need to take a higher dose... so I tried the 20 mg.  Made me so sleepy I couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open.  I wonder if any other people have had the side effect of severe muscle aches. I wish I could find something to make it stop."
"I began taking pain meds on a 12 hr basis with prn oxycodone for breakthrough pain in 1996. We started with oxycontin ER, which has actually been the most effective, although very shortly we discovered I am a rapid metabolizer and it had to be increased to every 8 hrs. Then that doc retired. The new one refused to give it to her pts, so I went thru a different pain med about every 3yrs....until I hit the jackpot w Opana! It took minor juggling the 1st 3 months, but for 5yrs I have taken it or the generic &amp; had no side effects &amp; haven&#039;t needed a dose increase!
As a retired RN, PhD, I will suggest you ask your doc  do genetic screening focusing on one&#039;s body&#039;s ability to take specific drugs successfully. "
"This is not all the doctors crack it up to be. I got my nexplanon inserted in February of 2017 and after a week I started bleeding and it has not stopped, it&#039;s currently July 2017. It also have taken away all of my energy and caused me to have severe mood problems. My doctor gave me estrogen pills to help with the bleeding but so far it hasn&#039;t stopped. Although, they did help with my mood. I never could remember to take my birth control pill, so I thought this was a good alternative, but it may be the worst decision that I have ever made. I&#039;m giving it one more month to see if anything changes then I&#039;m getting rid of it."
"I am 42 years old never took AD drug before. My GF insisted that I should take it for my anger issues, nothing violent but bursting rage in  a second, and feel depressed. Started to take the drug 6 months ago, for 2 weeks 50mg, after that 100 mg daily. Don&#039;t get me wrong but I don&#039;t feel any changes, my bursts are gone and depression like a normal person (daily problems thoughts). 
I am trying to say I feel normal :) I think it works"
"After just 2 doses of planned 10 day 2x/day 875mg treatment got VIOLENTLY ILL, literally projectile vomited on brand new carpet as I couldn&#039;t get the 10 feet to toilet fast enough.  Stopped medicine immediately but still had massive, continuous diarrhea for almost 3 weeks, lost 17 lbs in 14 days! It was so bad/went on so long the Dr actually tested me for Cdiff, which was negative. Will never, ever take this again!"
"I am suffering the furiously itchy armpits right now after use. I&#039;m hoping it doesn&#039;t get worse this time. I know it works, but the irritation has been bad in the past. I last used this 6 years ago when I had shaven right before use and was left with scabs and infected looking rashes. Luckily, it faded in a few days but I swore it off after that. Then, a couple years later I had a baby and nursed for two years so obviously I did not want these chemicals near her face. However, my hyperhidrosis seems to have worsened in the past couple years. I will sit at an IEP (Individualized Education Program) meeting wearing all black (I am not goth but I dress like it) and sweating to my elbows. Drysol is the clear retort. The Itchiness is misery but I will wear a colorful top tomorrow!"
"Did nothing for my cough."
"Ok so my face is EXTREMELY OILY and everyone says it&#039;s really harsh on your face for the first week but it only was harsh for 1 day and now it does nothing not even dry my acne a little and I don&#039;t know why it works for everyone else. I hate my acne and it nothing ever works."
"I&#039;ve been on this med for a week for anxiety and depression following major operation for cancer. I just couldn&#039;t pick myself up, had a breakdown I guess. Started at 25mg, then up to 50mg. Sleep like a baby. No side effects apart from a healthy appetite. Which I need as I&#039;ve lost weight,
They have saved my life. I got so low I didn&#039;t want to be here."
"I&#039;m 18 and I got my Implanon inserted about a month ago. I got my period which was 4-5 days long. It was very light and I had no pains. This was great for me as I usually suffer with heavy, VERY painful periods but the downside to this is I have been getting very emotional and moody lately. I&#039;m hoping this will wear off soon as it can get in the way of things but I still have a long way to go so hopefully it will all work out for the best."
"Treated severe psoriasis."
"The Scale down customer service is the worst possible service ever. I have emailed them numerous times stating that my scale does not work. After I weigh I keep getting an Error 4 CELL message. The only response I have gotten is to move my scale to different areas around my house to see if the scale will work. I have done this over and over. The only phone number that I can call and actually speak to someone is the contrave phone number. They keep telling me they have contracted scale down and that they will mark my case highest priority. I have been dealing with this situation since the end of June. I have simply asked for a new scale and still no response. Worst possible customer service ever!!!!!!!!"
"I wanted  a birth control that I wouldn&#039;t have to make monthly appointments or worry about pregnancy (after having my 2nd baby  unexpectedly). It definitely does give hormonal issues, mental and physical I pushed thru those issues for about 2 years into getting it and finally started getting control over it. I did have to see a dr and get the anxiety and depression sorted, which I think went along with untreated post partum depression for both of my girls. My periods come and go as they please. Never really have cramps. Just get uncomfortable and the regular period symptoms. Would have a period for 1 week then none for a month and a half-2months If I went 2 months without then I&#039;d have it for 1 week spot for a day or so then had it another 4 days"
"It&#039;s very effective, I give it that. I didn&#039;t get pregnant. I&#039;ve been on this birth control for 6 months and I&#039;ve gained 40lbs. Yes.. 40!!! I ate healthy and exercised everyday. I DO NOT RECOMMEND if you want to keep you figure or plan to lose weight."
"I received the nexplanon in Sept. 2014 when the doctor explained to me that he wouldn&#039;t be able to tie my tubes. I bleed for three months straight. After I would still bleed I after sex, which lead to a non existing sex life. When that finally stopped I instantly gained  about 30 pounds. So I started working out everyday  and everyday after working out I would bleed. Still no matter what I did I couldn&#039;t lose weight. Now that the bleeding is gone I still cant lose this weight and I have massive headaches at time. With that said I will be getting mine removed this month.
Good news I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant"
"Very expensive, smells, used this for over a year, no improvement.  Previously, I was told by a VA nurse, my &quot;thick nails are a common problem in older people.&quot;  B.S.!  I&#039;m sure the nurse didn&#039;t have toenail fungus, she&#039;s not living with someone who has toenail fungus, and I noticed she made sure she had on gloves when examining my toenails.  Then I went to a Dermatologist, who loaded me up with all kinds of expensive medicine, none of which worked.  So I am now trying home remedies, open toed shoes and moisture absorbing socks,"
"i have had it for 9 months. first month i had very light irregular bleeding. dr had me take estrogen for a month and no period since then. other than it gets sore sometimes where implanon is at if i use that arm alot i have had no issues. i love it"
"I took Plan B with 6 hours of having unprotected sex. Long story short, it worked. Long story long...I have had regular periods for as long as I can remember. I&#039;ve had 26 days on my cycle and am a day late at the most (I keep track with the Period Tracker on my iPhone for over two years). Well my period did not come on day 26...or 27...or 28.. But on day 31 so my period was 4 days late which may not seem crazy but for someone who is always on time it was pretty scary. So I read a lot of reviews where girls get their periods early so I wanted to comfort those who are late after taking Plan B. side effects after 1st pill: fatigue, after second pill 12 hrs later: no side effects."
"After 10 days on Setraline, I was a walking zombie &amp; I felt like there was no hope. It had worsened everything x100. My unpleasant side effects (increased anxiety, dry mouth, dry eyes, dizziness, trembling, achy jaw, and decreased appetite) have finally settled &amp; I can honestly say I feel much calmer &amp; no longer have some of the awful/paranoid thoughts I used to have. I still have days where anxiety will try creeping up on me but it goes as quickly as it comes. I don&#039;t feel like it has worked absolute wonders yet but then my family/friends &amp;boyfriend have said they feel like they have got the &quot;old me&quot; back &amp; when I laugh now - it&#039;s a real laugh. The first 2 weeks are really hard but hang on in there. I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t give up early on!"
"I actually really LOVE this BC. I did gain maybe 10 or 15 pounds, but even tho I exercise more I thought maybe it could be attributed to age (I&#039;m in my mid 20s). I switched to this one and have been on it for over a year because my previous (Sprintec) was giving me horrible migraines. I pretty much don&#039;t have a period at all, and when I do it&#039;s almost nothing!! I don&#039;t have migraines EVER, sometimes some headaches once in a while. Also the previous BC was making me feel like I was going crazy with mood swings and dizziness. Haven&#039;t had that problem with Amethia Lo, I almost felt like I was on happy pills when I switched, I didn&#039;t realize the previous one was messing with my head so much."
"Day two on Saxenda and major nausea . Haven&#039;t eaten more than 1 meal in 2 days. Going to take my next dose at bedtime too see if it helps with the fatigue and Nausea ."
"I have a sleep eating problem and hypothyroidism, so I struggle and have gone from 130 pounds to 172 pounds over the past 7 years but I am 5&#039;2&quot;. That&#039;s a problem plus I recently turned the big 50. I can eat 20 salads or 20 cheese burgers and the scale doesn&#039;t move. I have only taken the pill for 7 days and have lost 3 pounds which is huge. I have zero side effects, no cravings and no night grazing. I think I finally found the help I needed in order to stay motivate to a healthy diet and life style. Couldn&#039;t be more pleasantly surprised and satisfied that this will change my life."
"Really works"
"Have been through Klonopin, Xanax, Valium. I didn&#039;t care for the high feeling from any of these drugs. Librium has a way of mellowing me out without behaving differently. Great job of relieving my anxiety."
"I have been on Lamictal for 7 months now.  I noticed a drastic difference when the medication hit full potency.  It was like night and day.  I am still scared to death I might have a low.  I don&#039;t think I could make it through another."
"I started Junel to try &amp; have shorter, more regular periods. I&#039;m on my 5th month using it now. For the first 3 months I would spot for the entire week before my period would actually start, but I stuck with it since they say your body takes time to get used to it. I don&#039;t have that issue anymore but I have gained at least 11 lbs in the last 2 months &amp; I&#039;m the type that does not gain weight easily (I&#039;ve probably gained about a pound a year since 2007). I&#039;ve been wanting to gain weight but this came on kinda suddenly so I&#039;m a little worried"
"I have been using epiduo for 3 months and even more I think. It is so bad - no joke it just peels my skin, burns my skin so much that I can&#039;t even sleep at night and I hate applying it because once I put it the burning begins and I usually put it at night. It makes my skin so red like a sunburnt!!!  I&#039;m not sure if I have to wait any longer to see results but in my opinion I have waited for quite some time and yet no results at all! First week I saw a big difference on my skin but that was all. Moisturiser just helps with the peeling. Do I recommend it? Yes and no. Yes because some skin types are different so just give it a try to see your luck. And no  if your experience is  like mine. I&#039;m not saying to not use it just sharing my experience."
"I got the mirena fitted on the 13th Feb, having it fitted wasn&#039;t to bad, just felt a little uncomfortable. But after, it was fitted I did experience the worse cramps ever, it was so painful - I&#039;ve never had children so I don&#039;t know if it was because of that. 
I bled consecutively for 4 weeks, heavy bleeding for 1 then really light, spotting for 3. However I didn&#039;t have a single cramp.

Soon after that, I&#039;ve had no bleeding, no pains. No periods since so it seems to be doing the job, I think you&#039;ve just got to persevere with it and let it get use to your body before you start criticising it. However it doesn&#039;t work for everyone :)"
"This is my last post as I am finally able to empty my bladder after having to self-cath every 4-5 hours for 6 months! I will never do Botox again for OAB."
"I have had Liletta for a little over a month. The insertion was very painful, and I have a high tolerance for pain. I didn&#039;t know how I was going to drive home but I did somehow. I had planned to try to go back to work that day - HA! I was bed ridden the next couple of days with horrible cramps. Note I have been on a hormonal BC pill since I was 18 and am now 26. The cramps became manageable after about a week but I still had to take ibuprofen every day. Now I am spotting every day which is really annoying. I&#039;m looking forward to the time when I will be cramps and spotting-free and enjoy it for a few years, and then I will probably go back on the pill."
"I was diagnosed a month ago with rheumatoid arthritis. My doctor started me on Plaquenil 2 weeks ago. 300 mg 2x a day. I had to stop taking it after a week because it upset my stomach causing vomiting, nausea, and extreme diarrhea. My doctor tried lowering my dose to 150 mg 1x a day to no avail. I&#039;m hoping that she can put me on something that will work better as I have been in extreme pain for over a year. I am 30 years old."
"I&#039;ve had skyla in for about a year now, and it is by far my favorite form of birth control. Some background info, I&#039;m 19 and have never had kids. Other birth controls affected my mood greatly, and Skyla has not affected my mood in the slightest. I also did not experience any weight gain. The only downside is my period is longer than it was before (10 days, but not heavy) and I experience cramping, but nothing midol can&#039;t fix. I can&#039;t even remember the pain from the insertion process now (which I got while not on my period), but that slight discomfort for a couple days it worth it for the next 3 years of birth control."
"It took almost 8 months but it finally started to work.  My periods were so heavy I would go thru a tampax ultra in less than an hour and have to stay home during my periods. I would have to get up several times during the night. I would bleed some months for 30  days even on the Beyaz.  My last two months I have bleed less than three days and can use a lite tampax it took a while but I am so happy I stuck with it.  No weight gain either!!!!"
"My confirmed diagnosis is Fibroidmyalgia, Sjogrens, and severe arthritis which I have suffered for many years. The Fibroidmyalgia tested the worse out of all other disorders.  My PCP gave me 60 mg/day of Cymbalta which was reduced quickly for I slept all the time &amp; couldn&#039;t control my eyes. My husband said i walked around w/my eyes wide open &amp; I&#039;d forget to blink, said I resembled a zombie. My RA Doctor advised me to combine Cymbalta with Lyrica to increase effectiveness which I&#039;m hesitant to try. My pain, tiredness, and sensitivity has increased severely w/Cymbalta, and I honestly feel it&#039;s not worth the risk."
"I had sinus surgery a long time ago. If I had it to do over, I wouldn&#039;t!!! I have tried numerous meds and seen several doctors. MISERABLE was my first, middle and last name. Azelastine has been the best med this far. I do have as aftertaste but it&#039;s tolerable. I do experience some burning in my nose but it goes away quickly. I can&#039;t just depend solely on meds but must do my part. That is, wrap up when I go out into the cold and inclement weather. What&#039;s the use of using any meds if you won&#039;t put a hat on? That was some of my battle. "
"I have taken Cymbalta 60mg for 30 days after being on Zoloft with Wellbutrin for almost a year. I&#039;m feeling better every day. I have been able to do things that I have been unable to do for years such as cooking. Depression is lifted this medication is God send!"
"I haven&#039;t used an over the counter medicine for a yeast infection in years. If I&#039;ve ever gotten them in the past, my doctor has prescribed something, but I don&#039;t usually get them. I didn&#039;t want to make a visit to the doctor and so I tried Monistat 7. I remember this medicine hurting like CRAZY years ago but I thought I&#039;d try it again since it&#039;s been so long. I wish I could go back in time!!!! On a scale of 1-10 with 10 being the worst pain-burning-itching, I was at a 10 after inserting the medicine, and I&#039;m just now at a 7 or 8, 18 minutes later. This kills!!!!! I will not be taking the other doses, and I will make an app&#039;t with my doctor for a pill to cure this. I don&#039;t know what to do to get rid of the intense burning."
"I have been on Microgestin for 4 months now and I hate it. I have not found a birth control yet that doesn&#039;t screw up my period which I use to be able to count on every 30th or so of the month. This is my 3rd birth control. Mood swings, depression, sadness, lower sex drive, increase appetite and oh yeah a whole lot of bleeding. My period is completely out of wack. I tried to skip ONE period. Well it worked. But then out of no where I bled for 19 days straight (not light bleeding either). I don&#039;t know what to do! My body hates birth control.  My mom said that it was like that for her as well. Not sure what to try next."
"I have struggled with severe acne since 12 years old, I am now 30. I tried EVERYTHING possible on the market, whether it be prescribed pills, or all kinds of prescribed lotions, but nothing worked. My acne was so bad that I contemplated suicide because of my shame. I thank God that Accutane is still available. I took it for about 5 months, and the acne vanished. It really brought me out of my shell, and house. I don&#039;t care about the negative remarks about it, I&#039;m thankful it&#039;s around."
"I was on the depo shot when I was 18 and had 3 shots and BOY DID I BLEED. the best part was the fact that I never had any cramps but I bled for over 2 years straight and didn&#039;t have a regular cycle intill reaching the 3rd year."
"First day I cleaned up affected area. Let it dry up for about 10 minutes applied and had no side effects. 2nd time cleaned area up dried it and applied right after suddenly felt burning, stinging and itchy redness. So I figured maybe I need to let it dry and let it be for a few before applying application. However the fungus (etc) cleared up rather quickly but still have a little swelling on my ear lobe (which is effective area)."
"Best drug for bipolar if you can pass initial side effects."
"I started getting breakouts when I first started my menstrual cycle. (Age 13) and it got progressively worse. I&#039;m about to be 16, and really have tried so many things for my skin problems. I tried Aczone and it literally had an over-night effect. In the morning my bumps were less noticeable and my face felt smoother. It takes time but it really works. Patience is a virtue."
"Started with 2 now I&#039;m up to 4 still no results."
"I came down with a bad urinary tract infection 3 days ago and I was put on Bactrim twice a day. I have had several UTIs before and it has worked in the past. However, this time around 2 days after the medicine I wasn&#039;t seeing improvements so I went back to the doctor and switched to cephalexin. Last night was my first dose and I woke up this morning feeling completely normal again. I like to read these reviews so I figured I&#039;d post this to let everyone else know. Cephalexin works well."
"They work really well but they taste awful."
"I had the Mirena put in aprox. 5 days ago. I&#039;m 23 have had 4 miscarriages and in decided I will not try anymore. I asked my doctor about the IUD and he was very happy in my decision. Anyway to start off with yes it hurt like hell. Then I felt fine got up from the table. Walked to the front desk and nearly passed out my blood pressure dropped well below normal and they said it is normal. I recovered in full. Was able to drive home. I have had mild cramping and just spotting not even enough to wear a pantie liner. I have had some pimples pop up but totally worth it. Tonight me and my husband had sex and all the pain I had felt during sex before has gone away. It&#039;s amazing. He didn&#039;t have to be careful either. Matter of fact I can&#039;t believe it"
"i HAVE FINALLY FOUND AN MD. THAT KNOWS WHERE TO INJECT IT.  I almost gave up after 2 and 1/2 years of failures by guessing Dr.s who didn&#039;t really know where to inject.  They were always hitting the opposite side of my neck thinking that was where the problem lied... finally found a dr. who knew where to inject it.  Now I have been straight necked for the first time in 25 years.  Hell yes it works and no side effects... but for some reason I still have the pain (radiculopathy) on left side."
"I&#039;m 13, this works very well. I&#039;ve had anxiety for the longest time. This is the perfect medicine. I haven&#039;t been having anxiety attacks anymore."
"I&#039;m 32 years old and I was suffering from unwanted blemishes constantly. I was desperate to try anything to clear my skin - my last straw was seeing the dermatologist. I&#039;ve now been on Solodyn for 3 months and my skin is nearly flawless with a small blemish rarely.
Unfortunately my trade off for clear skin seems to be weight gain from Solodyn. I have been the same weight my entire life no matter what I ate. But since one Solodyn I have gone from 155 pounds to 170 pounds in 90 days and I&#039;m even starving myself. Has anyone else had this side effect? and if so I hope the weight drops when I stop taking them. Help!"
"I have tried many many different meds for anxiety and depression.I have been taking this for a month now and it has helped me so much. I have less anxiety episodes and feel much happier and relaxed."
"I&#039;ve tried several different pills and the nuva ring. I always had terrible side effects including bloating, mood swings, and dryness. This pill has been great. I&#039;ve been on it for about eight months now. The only side effect I had was weight loss. I went from about 128 to 118 in one month."
"I took zoloft for anxiety and depression. Helped with anxiety but didn&#039;t touch the depression. So I started taking wellbutrin SR and now I&#039;m at 150 mg all together per day. I&#039;m glad because I don&#039;t think about suicide but I can&#039;t be fully happy and hopeful yet. Getting there though."
"I take 25 mg and it does not work. My Dr has prescribed it for 2 months now and I have told her that it don&#039;t work.
I would rather have the xanax back."
"I began using Celexa for social anxiety and mild depression. I have been using it for three years, and while it helped my symptoms, it lowered my libido drastically."
"I&#039;m ADD, no H included. My 11 year old daughter is also ADD. Ritalin has always worked just fine for me however, I decided to try intuniv after my Dr. prescribed it for my daughter, saying that it was better because it wasn&#039;t habit forming and that it wasn&#039;t a stimulant. After 2 weeks of feeling extremely tired I then began to have headaches, feel like I was going to collapse at any given moment, and couldn&#039;t even drive due to the extreme comatose state I felt I was in. My vision also became blurred and I was very dizzy. I can see how this medication might benefit someone with ADHD as it lowers blood pressure and seems to slow the person down but I don&#039;t recommend it for ADD. It was a miserable nightmare! I took my daughter off it as well."
"Now available in Aust :) I received the first month free from my GP (provide by the drug rep). Think it will be around $300/month and can get 30% covered by my private health insurance.I have been on the lowest dose for 4 days and have already lost 3kg! I started at 124kg. Only mild nausea in the second day. Sugar cravings GONE!! And I had a sugar addiction! You do need to eat small amounts every 3/4hours. I have more energy, I&#039;m sleeping better, but conversely I feel tired at times during the day but probably because of the sugar come-down.  I have combined with a low cal diet, so far so good, no exercise (yet). I am interested to know if this will be sustained and if there will be any reaction to higher dosage, will keep you posted."
"I&#039;ve been taking Celexa for about 9 months.  I am a professional football player and developed a very unproductive phobia after a series of negative situations stressful situation. I used to execute certain plays with no problems but after I blew several games executing a particular type of play, I became fearful of this play during games, even though I could execute the play perfectly in practice.  I went on Celexa, but I don&#039;t think it helped much because the phobia is still there and I get very uncomfortable just thinking about executing this play.  I started on 10, then 20, 30, 40 and settled on 30mg.  Others around me have commented I&#039;m easier to be around but it did not help my phobia whatsoever."
"I have been taking SHEDAVI hair+ skin+ nails. I&#039;m n my first bottle. I&#039;ve been having more frequent headaches. I&#039;m not the one the take any analgesic but I&#039;ve been force to take one to relieve my pain. I also hallucinate a bit I see thing running around my house I know can&#039;t be there. I was wondering if anyone had experience the same side effects and should I stop taking it?"
"I have started using this about 5 months ago, works great for the allergies but the side effects are terrible. "
"This has given me my life back combined with Cymbalta. I haven&#039;t felt this good in years."
"Have taken 4-5 years now changed my life for the better.  A neurologist I saw for over 25 years treated me with 4-5 drugs.  The last 15 years prescribed Demerol 100 mg liquid injections.  My headaches were 4-5 week.  I left that doctor went to my primary who prescribed Nortriptyline 25 Mg 1 pill before going to bed.  That has worked so well I don&#039;t have but maybe 4-5 headaches a year now!!"
"I&#039;ve been on Generess Fe for several months now. I went on it to alleviate pain from a small functional ovarian cyst and for the first couple months I totally forgot about the cyst, this past month has been slightly more painful but it still is a great remedy for functional cysts. I have very light periods, about every other month. I think my sex drive has gone down a little but it isn&#039;t that noticeable. I did have a scare when I went on some antibiotics that I realized made the birth control ineffective for the week, but it all ended well, so just be aware that there are some interactions. I went on this after being on Junel, which made me break out and get very nauseous. Generess has worked very well for me!"
"I&#039;ve been taking trazodone for the last few years and it does help me sleep. It helps me relax and fall asleep, but there are times that I wake in the middle of the night and can&#039;t fall back to sleep. There are also times where I&#039;m still groggy in the morning."
"I fell flat on my back and have been using this for 2 months.  It works but really wakes me up! I need something else that makes me a little more sleepy.  "
"Great medicine. I need a potent, systemic bronchiodilator in order for my other inhalers to get where they need to go. This is a really important facet to my plan.  I wake up easier, am clear headed, have less depression, and more oxygen to my lungs/brain. I highly recommend it."
"Great, I take it twice a day, it does the job. I feel really good."
"Im 17 years old, 5&#039;4 and weigh 113 pounds. Got my first injection on May 22nd. First few days was fine, got it while I was on my period so it was immediately effective. First week was fine but after a while I began spotting and since then I have been on a constant period with occasional cramps. I already suffer from some anxiety issues which Depo-Provera has intensified but I expected this. Feel dizzy when I&#039;m laying down to go to sleep but its gone by morning. No change in sex drive but I&#039;ve noticed most people&#039;s decrease. The site of injection hurt a little for 3-4 days but now I can&#039;t feel it. Have little energy and can&#039;t walk to school anymore because I&#039;m constantly too tired. Wont be getting this injection again, going to try Nexplanon implant."
"This pill had no side effects didnt make me break out or get bigger breasts but it did make my cramps 5 times more painful than they normally are. I got 2 periods a month even after being on it for 6 months. I&#039;m giving it a somewhat good review because it did not get me pregnant."
"Only been on it for a week but my fairly severe ulcerative colitis symptoms have fully subsided. I am taking 1.2g 2 x day. I also started 1200mg of slippery elm and Turmeric 2  days after starting the Lialda. "
"I&#039;m not going to say this is a bad product because everyone is different. But I was on this for about 6 months. And the last couple months, I had noticed myself having horrible thoughts, and also helplessness. I would cry all the time and freak out over nothing. I was suffering severe depression. People all around me started noticing I was acting different.  My face also broke out and my sex drive was very minimal. I am an emotional person to start with. All around the pill did what it was supposed to, but it was just way to much estrogen for me. I am now on the Nuvaring and I love it."
"way too much stimulant--increased heart rate and blood pressure immediately after taking one pill."
"I&#039;ve been on Lutera for almost a year now. I&#039;ve been having birth control issues for about 2 years - first being on Mirena and having terrible cystic acne and depression, and then my doc recommended Lutera to add some hormones back into my system to help the acne. This is low dosage and although I&#039;ve seen my cystic acne go away (besides some coming at the time of the month) I still break out daily. I wanted to try it for longer than a few months, and I have to say out of the entire year, about 2 months of it I had decent skin. I break out on my face, back and shoulders and I haven&#039;t had this bad of acne since high school. After high school, I was on Ortho trycyclen and the nuva ring. Both of those didn&#039;t make me break out at all. I&#039;m 23, 145lb"
"This drug has been good, it has stopped my periods &amp; pain I was getting.. the injections aren&#039;t as bad as I thought, have had little symptoms, such as; body hair loss, little weight gain, feeling better, slight increase with sweating, lower in sex drive and feeling more bloated then usual."
"Zovirax cream has 50mg of acyclovir in it -doesn&#039;t it? It was in the contents ingredients information list.
Zovirax cream is a MIRACLE CURE!! Coldsores 
-dab it on asap a small tiny bit
-Bumps on skin like welts or hives (Shingles?) +very painful +scary looking like chicken pox -connect the bumps/dots. 
It&#039;s stress+anxiety like someone else said...lack of sleep+you haven&#039;t been eating since the ?other? day+working extra daysTHENnights+ little catnap sleeps+ you find junk sugar loaded snacks +even the fruit+applesauce cups+granola =huge sugar/salt +sugar drinks+ creamy sugar coffee day+night to just get through those sudden double shifts =Reactions- cold sores +hive like sores+ACNE! Omg!
ZOVIRAX by prescription will save YOUR day!!! : )"
"I have been taking Cymbalta for about 6 months. It has definetly helped with my plantars fasciitis pain. I still have some discomfort, but it is manageable with the medication. I experience no side effects, and noticed improvement in only a couple of days."
"I have had horrible panic attacks out of nowhere since I was in elementary school. I got on Xanax when I was 13 years old, and still take it today. It has been a God send and I have tried cognitive-behavioral therapy, counseling, SSRIs, other benzodiazepines, etc. and this has been the medication that has helped the most! I have gotten my anxiety under control and only take it as needed."
"I received the Implanon after giving birth to my first son. I thought this would be great because I forget to take the pill. Well it is great. I am not pregnant. However, I am having the WORST side effect of them all. I AM LOOSING MY HAIR. I have got to get it out. I walked in thinking that this would not happen to me, side effects never effect me. Good luck to the rest of you."
"Since I have used this medication so long, years and years, I believe it has improved my rosacea. I&#039;m not willing to stop taking Oracea to find out. As far as the stomach ache associated with this pill, I found that taking it at night prevents the stomach upset symptoms. One review mentioned burning on the lips and tongue, I have experienced this side effect very very much, however, I didn&#039;t realize this pill may be the reason. Again, if this pills causes the lips, mouth area and tongue to have a burning sensation I&#039;m not sure I would stop taking the Oracea, although that is one terrible side effect. Overall, I will continue taking Oracea."
"Cont..... to have to resot to a pill... but i did! I started Phentermine 30mg on 6/10 and just had my 2 week follow up today and i have lost 8 pounds to far it was so exciting! I am on a 25g of fat and 30g of sugar per day diet, its pretty easy! Normal symptoms dry mouth some constipation insomnia the first few days but nothing that I can&#039;t handle. Will update ! (:"
"This worked great for me.  We went fishing on a small boat in the ocean for three days (going out each day) in some pretty choppy seas, and I never felt nauseous, nor did I get sleepy. I hate the drowsiness I get with Dramamine, so this was very welcomed.  One patch lasted for all three days, so it was economic, too.  The only challenge is ensuring the patch stays on during showers."
"I am a 29-year-old woman who received propofol for my first colonoscopy. I slept through the entire colonoscopy and was not drowsy afterward although when they administered the drug it felt like lava being pushed into my vein. That pain lasted just a few minutes."
"Let me preface this by saying I have taken many different kinds of birth control pills throughout my teen and adult years. This is by far the BEST bcp for my cystic, hormonal acne. I&#039;ve also taken Cyclessa which is in the same family (desogestrel &amp; triphasic) with the same results. Any time I went off of Caziant to &quot;switch it up&quot; was when I started breaking out horribly in cystic bumps. If you suffer from hormonal acne, definitely give Caziant a try. Other benefits are light &amp; short periods, very mild mood swings, normal sex drive, no weight gain."
"I had tried raisins, Triskets and other high fiber foods after a number of days of constipation. Hubby had Ducolax for a colon prep so I took 2 at 6 p.m.  At 1 a.m. the diarrhea began.  It was sometimes hourly but sometimes 10 minutes apart.  I thought it had stopped at 6 a.m. but I ate scrambled eggs at 8:30 a.m. and was in the bathroom within minutes with &#039;brown water&#039;.   I didn&#039;t have the horrible pain others mentioned, but I&#039;ll be afraid to leave my house today!  Gentle?  No Way!"
"My husband was perscirbed this medicine to help him sleep.  He is a combat veteran..(need I say more about sleeping).  The medicine worked okay, but it caused his Trigycerides to sky rocket."
"I&#039;ve been on it for 1 week now  suffering from bad sciatic pain caused by a herniated disc S1-L5. I was taking 6-8 ibuprofen a day and was still in pain. With only the entry dose of 1 300mg a day and 2 ibuprophen a day I can function almost normally until this disc heals...absolutely amazing medication. I won&#039;t don&#039;t plan to ramp up to the 900mg a day, getting great results with the 300. I was a little fuzzy the first day, but fine after that."
"I used Sklice yesterday on my 6 year old whohas long, thick, curly hair.  I only found a few live adults on her, but so many nits. The contents of the tube was barely enough to cover all of her hair.  Today, I could not find any live lice, but nits remained even after using a nit comb.  I called the customer service line.  The representative could not answer if the product kills the nits, and even insisted that a nit is an empty egg casing...seriously?  Um no, it&#039;s an unhatched louse.  They need to provide more accurate scripting for people who answer their phones. That&#039;s basic information, not rocket science. I guess we will find out."
"I have been on Depo for 11 years now. I had about a month of spotting when I got my 1st injection, but I have since stopped having periods altogether. It has NOT affected my sex drive. I have gained a little weight, but that could also just be the fact that my metabolism has slowed since I&#039;m getting older.  In the last year I have had a little bone loss and my doctor now wants me to switch to something else. She has suggested Implanon. Wish I could just stay on Depo. "
"I have been on Humira for over 6 months. The 1st 16 weeks were amazing. I didn&#039;t have flakes everywhere, my Psoriasis was barely noticeable, I was so happy and actually had hope for the first time in years. Unfortunately, it is back with a vengeance. I have never missed a dose (2 injections each month every other week). I&#039;m back to flaking everywhere and now I have developed them in my scalp. It doesn&#039;t work for everyone, the important thing is to never quit. "
"I couldn&#039;t make it without my Lyrica!  This medicine has absolutely changed my life.  I was hurting all the time and used all my energy just to work.  There was no joy in my life until I was prescribed this medicine.  Now I work and feel like doing the things I enjoy, like working in my flower garden.  I thank God everyday for this medication!"
"This med worked for me for about 2 weeks. It was amazing. But it seems I have started already become imune to it. I was so hoping it would work for me like it did everyone else. I am totally crushed that it isnt."
"Hello I&#039;m 20 year and I&#039;m 5&#039;3.5. I&#039;ve just started taking Phentermine 37.5 mgs, on December 1,2016. My intital weigh I started out with was 255lbs. I have no clue of my weight now. But this pill I take gives me dry mouth and a slight fast heart beat. Since I was 15 I always been a big gal, and then when I was 16 I was dianosed with high blood pressure and slight heart trouble. We&#039;ll finally when I was 19 I was in Florida for a job at Daytona500 Club. And a week later after my job interview in Florida I woke up one morning feeling really sick. I&#039;ve went in the hospital for about five days.Then I said to myself I&#039;m to young to die so I started dieting no luck there on my own. So I went to my doctor for help so wish me luck. I&#039;ll update y&#039;all."
"Personally, I hated it.
During my time on ADHD medication I was almost always in trouble at school, failing classes, suffered from mood swings, from the first grade to the end of the ninth grade and also looked anorexic during that time. Once I got off the medication, I could finally feel like a human being and was happy, but I gained a surprising amount of weight that (5&#039;9&quot; and 110lbs to 5&#039;9&quot; and 162lbs) I have spent the next three almost four years trying to replace the fat with muscle. Getting off the medication was the best thing to happen to me as I could actually pass my classes and graduate high school."
"Been using it for 15 years.  I&#039;ve lost a little hair since then, but it slowed down dramatically."
"I&#039;m a 54 yo woman with chronic back leg and arm pain due to degenerative disc disease. My whole lumbar is fused.  3 herniated discs in the thoracic  and 5 now in the cervical that need repair. I rely on Norco just to be able to get out of bed sometimes and to do chores like cut the grass. One of the best I&#039;ve taken, Only thing I&#039;ve noticed is I don&#039;t sleep when I take it. I just rest. I&#039;m now lost as the laws are changing and my surgeon cannot give me scripts due to being post surgical a year. Family Dr doesn&#039;t issue narcotics at all, so I ended up at a high priced pain clinic that will only prescribe 5/325 2x a day! 
what a joke....... those of us that need it can&#039;t get it ."
"I don&#039;t care for this medicine I developed a rash on both my arms and was so confused I don&#039;t suggest adults use this for adhd"
"I have taken YAZ for just over 6 months now and I have seen no improvement in my skin. I don&#039;t have severe ache, I never have but I do suffer from constant congested skin that no cleanser/exfoliator can fix. Mainly whiteheads, heaps and heaps of them mainly on my chin which always turn into zits. Never ending cycle of zits. On YAZ I don&#039;t feel any period pain during my cycle and my period is light but I have found that recently, few days before I get my period I break out in acne all over my chin which has spread to my cheeks and it takes nearly until my next period to fully clear. I waited 6+ months to see an improvement in my hormonal skin with YAZ but I have seen none so I&#039;m changing."
"This medication is amazing!! Be patient and try it! All ADHD medications (like any other medication for anything) have side-effects but I have learned Concerta&#039;s do go away once you let your body do the talking: push through the 1-6 days of anxiety/depression/hyperactivity, etc., and be open to what it can do for you once your body gets used to it. I am 21 years old and I am on 54mg AND I take a side-effect medication called INTUNIV XR (2mg) that cured the anxiety side-effect which I found to come about half way through the day and when the Concerta was wearing off. This side effect comes about because Concerta is not a gradual release but 2 releases of the medicine- it drops off and may cause anxiety for a short time during the day."
"It has helped me with the panic attacks. I fight with feelings of guilt because I want them to go away without taking drugs, and feel like I am a weak person."
"1st 4 days were great, no pain and no lethargy.  Day 5 began with stomach upset and hot flashes.  Day 6 brought anxiety ending in severe depression and psychotic break.  All resolved after cessation in 24 hours.  "
"My story is very similar to others I have read. I&#039;m on day 3 and have lost 5 pounds. The first day I had dry mouth and woke up to my heart fluttering and insomnia. The second night was fine but still have had dry mouth. I do forget to eat I have to remind myself, nothing sounds good either.  I do love it."
"Weight: 205, height 5&#039;6&quot;, age 40, female. Insurance covered all but $30.00. I&#039;m on day two. Have noticed a slight difference in that I don&#039;t really think about food all day. I think about it when it&#039;s meal time or I feel hungry but I&#039;m not obsessing about when or what I&#039;m going to eat next. I have no side effects to report. No headache, no nausea, nothing. I sleep just fine as well. I am tired today but that&#039;s because my dog woke me up a million times to go outside to bark at the wind. :/ we will see how I hold up to adjusting my dose next week. I&#039;ll keep you posted!"
"This medicine worked well in the beginning but I quickly built up a tolerance to it.It is now not working so well after a month.Now I am getting severe tightness in the chest a few times a day while still using it.Not only that,I am cramped up now all the time with severe thigh and lower leg  cramps shoulder spasms and neck terrible pain.The fatigue is crippling and intolerable. My life has become a misery.I will go back to the Dr. and ask to be put on something else.This is the cure?Ha!"
"I absolutely love this form of birth control. I had it inserted in July 2015. I bled a small bit in the beginning when my body was first getting used to it but it was nothing heavy. I haven&#039;t gained any weight. I&#039;m 5&#039;3 and weigh 102. I was actually hoping to gain weight but that didn&#039;t happen. I forget that I even have the implant in at times. It is now February and I haven&#039;t had a period since November (YAY). I feel great and haven&#039;t had any mood swings. As far as the birth control side goes, I am currently in a long distance relationship so I haven&#039;t been able to see how affective it is. I&#039;m sure it works just fine since I haven&#039;t had any complications from it."
"I&#039;ve been using Androgel about a Year now. I&#039;m 42, have had zero drive since early 30&#039;s Started me on 8-pumps, now to 9-pumps. 

I saw someone mention potential effects of Depression, it&#039;s not helped mine.  I also use Cytomel. (Adjunct Depression Treatment--however also HYPOthyroid. Me no Muscle Mass/Depression/Weight Loss

The most pronounced effects, *MUCH* firmer erections. (like 16 again). That alone is worth it (no need for Cialis). Definitely recommend that alone."
"4years quit, after 30 years smoking. I really didn&#039;t even want to quit, but took it on my physician&#039;s advice. Smoked while taking it for 7 days (day #4 I could tell it was working good). Quit and took for 7 more days &amp; never had an urge. I could be right next to someone smoking, after I ate, while drinking &amp; not ever feel the urge to return. No side effects, except maybe slight nausea first two days."
"Taking name brand. started 150 1x a day for a week. first day so amazing, energized,went to the gym, positive &amp; for 4 days felt great.5th not so much &amp; by 7th day was feeling back to my depressed self so I upped it to 2 a day. now I go from anxious to flat. feel absolutely nothing, zoned out, very irritable.  vivid dreams &amp; nightmares, kind of can&#039;t separate  dream from reality cause it seems like someone&#039;s in the house &amp; I wake up out of a dead sleep &amp; I&#039;m not sure if someone&#039;s in the house. going to give this a few more days if things don&#039;t get worse hopefully they&#039;ll get better, if not, not going to take it anymore. I took this because I wanted to avoid weight gain which happened years ago with other SSRIs. hasn&#039;t affected appetite."
"I am able to get 60 20mg tablets for under $30. I typically take 60mg (3 tablets) an hour before sex. It works best if taken on an empty stomach. I get acute nasal congestion when using this medication, which is easily treated with an over-the-counter decongestant spray. This medication has improved my sex life and my self worth. Highly recommended!"
"I have been on mirtazapine for just over a month, like others here I had trouble sleeping only a few hours a night, this became unbearable and I couldn&#039;t function in my work or daily life, I was tearful and miserable. I went to my doc explained the situation, I didn&#039;t want antidepressants as tried them before with dreadful side effects. Long story short I relented and thought I&#039;d try mirtazapine for a week, I&#039;m now into my 5th week and sleep well most nights, a few night sweats and some weird dreams but I&#039;m starting to feel human again."
"Didn&#039;t improve any symptoms.

Side Effects:
1.	It was messing up my stomach and starting to cause problems with my acid reflux
2.	I had several episodes of feeling really anxious and my heart would race &ndash; on the verge of panic attack, maybe?
3.	Very slight fear of the dark"
"I have 5 Bulging Discs in 3 different areas, Degenerate Disc through out the spine, &amp; Arthritis through out the spine.  I also have Fibromyalgia.  I also have shattered bones in my left hand &amp; left foot.
The Lidoderm Patch works well for the areas that are quite excruciating even after taking my regular medications.  I also find I do not have to take quite as many pain medications when using the Lidoderm Patches. 
Thank U ever so kindly Kamneo"
"I take this almost every 2-5 days, due to my unbearable tension headaches. This past time (I am Rx&#039;d 2 tabs every 4-6 hrs) I took my entire daily taking which is what, max 12? and I took them all but staggered, and I ended up in the ER with a shot of Naloxone from overdosing on the butalbital. Not sure naloxone works on barbs....but they gave it to me anyway. I was so out of it I couldn&#039;t see or talk right. I&#039;m someone who takes benzos..or used to, that is, so I can handle that type of feeling. BUT....at the end of the day, this medication DOES work for tension headaches and helps me sleep, the caffeine in my opinion is cancelled out by the butalbital. I take the non scheduled- no codeine- version- although I wish I was. id cut back on em."
"I used it for the first time....and I have spotting on a pad instead of tons of clotting and lots of bleeding.  I feel better and did not feel it caused headaches and I do get PMS migraines as before.  I would recommend it.  I had a DNC to help with my problem 3 months ago and last month I started clotting and heavy bleeding again.  My doctor told me to try this, as birth control did not do anything positive and made me feel like I am pregnant and gain weight. I am grateful this works as on the heavy bleeding clotting days I would feel emotionally slipping into real depression. I am not depressed but the bleeding seems to bring erratic mood swings. This did help as the doctor said it should. I am not worried about blood clots as I do not smoke."
"To who ever is reading this freaking out like I did, just take a moment and breath. This pill really works. Me and my boyfriend are sexually active and I&#039;m currently 17. We had the usual situation of the condom breaking so I told him to go get the pill. I didn&#039;t experience a lot of side affects, just really bad dizziness and slight cramping. I lost my appetite due to stress, which ladies don&#039;t stress because that is the worst thing to do. About a week after taking the pill I started my period, a day early. I&#039;m honestly so relieved. I couldn&#039;t have a child at my age."
"I love this antipsychotic.  We tried them all and this is the only one that did not give me akathisia - I know another person like me and same thing with him as well.  I have taken 600mg since January and it is fabulous.  Definitely chills me out and calms me down.  Does not put me to sleep though.  That stopped a long time ago - I think you get used to it and the lower doses are more sedating.  I have done some reading though and it has to hit a certain dose (I think 400mg) to actually hit the dopamine receptors, anything lower and it only works on histamine and would not work as a antipsychotic.  I now take the XR version as I was taking the regular version twice a day for psychotic symptoms, I don&#039;t take this for sleep.  Very nice overall."
"Cataflam has helped but I have to take at least 4 - 6 a day to be able to survive the pain of my period. But once it starts working I feel so much better I have tried so much but only this works for me."
"I began taking Flagyl on Saturday night to treat diverticulitis.  I could not sleep at all that night or the following three nights.  I lay in bed wide awake, with my leg muscles randomly fasciculating.  I had a headache and neck ache from not being able to sleep.  Occasionally, my entire body would suddenly jerk while I was lying in bed.  I could not concentrate at work, and even though I am a Pharmacist, I kept forgetting the names of medications that I had been taking and the names of the medical conditions with which I had been diagnosed.  I had been taking ibuprofen for a few days the prior week, and I had stopped taking ibuprofen due to heartburn.  Even though I was on Protonix to treat my heartburn, Flagyl significantly worsened my pre-existing heartburn to the point where I had to stand erect throughout the day and night, moaning with pain.  My epigastric pain would begin about an hour after taking Flagyl and be at its worst four hours later.  I also felt as if I constantly had to urinate, but only a small amount of urine would come out each time.  My mouth was extremely dry with a metallic taste and a furry looking tongue.  I ended up in the ER the following Wednesday writhing in epigastric pain which was a &ldquo;10&rdquo; on the 1-10 pain scale.  I literally thought that I was going to die, and I spoke with loved ones by phone to say my good-byes.  My blood pressure was moderately elevated and my ECG, which had always been normal, was now &ldquo;borderline with atrial enlargement&rdquo;.  My ER doc switched me to Augmentin, and my Flagyl-related adverse reactions rapidly subsided.  Flagyl significantly helped my diverticulitis, but at a horrible cost in terms of lost sleep, lost work, poor work, personal and family anxieties, and time spent at the ER.  If your doctor prescribes Flagyl, my advice is to ask him/her if there is an alternative antibiotic, especially if you have any pre-existing gastroesophageal problems.
All of my adverse events appear in the Flagyl labeling:  epigastric distress, abdominal cramping, incoordination, confusion, insomnia, a sharp, unpleasant metallic taste, dryness of the mouth, furry tongue, glossitis, stomatitis, flattening of the T-wave in electrocardiographic tracings, polyuria, a sense of pelvic pressure, convulsive seizures.  "
"For those who are having terrible leg cramps on BP medication. I had the same horrible problem to the point I was screaming my head off at times and could not walk.  It was the HCTZ DIURETIC portion of my bp med that was causing it. NOT the Losartan part.  This will be the same for any BP med that is blended with a HCTZ diuretic because Triamterene did the same thing.  Since I don&#039;t really have any medical need for the diuretic, my doctor simply wrote me a script for the Losartan without the diuretic in it. Voila!! no more leg cramps! and my bp is still under control."
"I used to have huge acnes appear on my forehead every 1-2 weeks, and I heal really slow so it sort of adds onto the scarring and disrupts the healing process. My dermatologist prescribed Epiduo and I have been using it every night for 2 months now and my skin has never been better, no acnes AT ALL! Like most of the people, when I first started using it my skin turned really dry and it burned slightly for the first 3-4 days. I&#039;d stop for a day if it gets worse then resume the next day. But after your skin gets used to it it should be fine after. This certainly did wonders for me!"
"Tried Rozerem for the first time the other day. It definitely helped me fall asleep, and without the &quot;heavy sedative&quot; feelings that come along with most other drugs-  such as Ambien, Lunesta, etc. closest to a natural feeling of wanting to go to sleep, very calming, also helped with racing thoughts. The letdown of this medication was the next day...could NOT get up! Felt as though I had taken a tranquilizer. All day feeling...like I had taken a high double-dose of Ambien.  This is my experience though, unfortunately - seemed perfect at first. Everyone is different though, most will probably hopefully have a much different experience. I say try it."
"I&#039;m 45 years old and have lived a pretty normal life except for my occasional heightened anxiety. Recently, my anxiety and panic attacks had escalated out of control. I was feeling out of touch with reality and having multiple panic attacks a day. Unfortunately for me, after 2 doses the Effexor caused mild hallucinations; light pixelating and things moving in fast motion. It was adding to my anxiety so I went off immediately and the hallucinations went away."
"Seriously, is this pill a joke? Screw Generess FE. I&#039;m about to enter my 4th week and I&#039;ve never been more miserable in my life. Let me start by saying that no pill just magically makes you gain weight, it&#039;s the increase in appetite that makes you gain weight. I&#039;m freaking starving ALL the time no matter how full I am. I&#039;m EXTREMELY tired. I have done nothing all week except go to work, eat, and sleep. I&#039;m a totally different person. My boobs hurt, and I had a huge fight with my new husband. Would rather have sex never again then feel like this any longer."
"My doctor prescribed this medicine for me as I was having low painful back spasms."
"I&#039;ve been down 3 surgeries in 11 months. Lost 60lbs and could not eat. I have been on Megace for 10 day&#039;s and I have gained 17 lbs. UNREAL! I have eaten $200 in groceries and have no plans to stop. MEGACE has beyond a doubt saved my life. Side effects are little to none. Dry mouth/more frequent urination/&quot;Incredible appetite&quot;! I am in it for the weight gain. Today I feel so good and strong, I caught myself running home from the store. "
"I never got my period regularly, but I once I started taking this I stopped getting it altogether. No joke, I gained over 50 pound in the year and change I was on this, and I can&#039;t attribute more than maybe 5 or 10 pounds to lifestyle changes. I went from an A/B cup to a D cup as well, and towards to end I was exhausted 24/7 and sleeping up to 18 hours a day. I can&#039;t say much about what changes once you stop as I&#039;ve only been off of it for a week or so now. I take other medications too, and this was the first birth control pill I&#039;d been on, so I wasn&#039;t sure at first if the birth control was the one causing all this for a bit, but I&#039;m fairly certain it is now."
"Had diarrhea since the day I started it- how would you rate an antibiotic on its effectiveness- I wouldn&#039;t give this crap to an enemy- cost me $71 for 28 pills and I looked forward everyday to being done with them!"
"First off, I looked in here to see when it was best to take the pill. My doctor Always prescribes me one &quot;Just in case&quot; Whenever he give me antibiotics.... But the first thing i saw was how much people are spending on these.... There is an app called good Rx.com that I usually get coupons from for the more EXPENSIVE prescriptions BUT at ALL Walmart stores Diflucan is $4.00! PERIOD!!!!! SAME AS ANTIBIOTICS..... JUST TELL THEM DO NOT RUN YOUR INSURANCE. HOPE THAT HELPS! :)"
"I have lost 8 pounds in 1 week! I went from 212-204! I couldnt be happier!"
"It is the only insulin that gives me instant results (within 5 minutes)."
"Overall I feel that this birth control does a great job. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 years to regulate my period and prevent pregnancy with out any problems. I&#039;ve never experienced any of the sides effects, or at most they were on such a small scale that I didn&#039;t notice them. The only thing I dislike is that I don&#039;t usually start my period until 3-4 sugar pills in. I don&#039;t know how common this is with other women, but that has been the case for me since I began taking it."
"I started Contrave on Monday, and it is now Saturday.  I have lost 4.8 lbs.  To me, that is absolutely amazing as I am hypothyroid and have not lost more than a pound or 2 in the last 8 years!  I am praying that this continues to work.  I want to lose 50 lbs so I can be around to watch my children grow up.  I have been so miserable for so long and felt nothing would ever help me.  I am loving this drug.  I am struggling with a few side effects: dizziness, racing heart, and trouble sleeping.  The dizziness goes away when I drink water, so I think my body is just keeping me hydrated.  The racing heart is usually when I sleep.  I will talk to my doctor about that.  All in all though, I now have hope which is more than I&#039;ve had in a long time!"
"I had the Skyla IUD placed a few days ago. Don&#039;t let the negative reviews keep you from trying it. The insertion didn&#039;t last long and the worst of it felt like a pinching menstrual cramp lasting a couple seconds (once when they measure the uterus and once for insertion). I did pass out twice afterwards (I&#039;m weak when it comes to medical things). That evening I had some cramping but some ibuprofen and a heating pad took care of it. I haven&#039;t had any further cramping since and am only spotting a little bit. I will update if anything changes but I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t let all of the scary reviews I read change my mind about trying it."
"I have been migraine free for over a month now. I was getting 3-5 migraines a week with a continuous headache for 5 months straight and through the heat of the summer.  The migraines stopped after just a few days on the medicines and have not came back.  Even with the change of weather and congestion, the headache is not there.  I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects but it does make me sleepy.  Helps get a good nights rest."
"I read all the bad reviews n all but everybody is different. I got mine today july 31 and I am on my period so huge plus it makes cervix little loose n  makes device easier to go in due to blood flow.I  am a Chicken on pain or blood. But no pain I felt something clamped no pain it&#039;s just like a pap smear. I did feel some pressure on cervix but it was bearable no pain. After he was done the whole meltdown came down I stood up I felt dizzy lightheaded and weak and I saw black spots n boom I was passing out. Glad I laid down. I was sweating like crazy eyes rolling back mumbling Nurse practitioner brought fan n mins later I was fine. But I always get like that when I go 2 dr office. Its normal for me I panic n anxiety hits after not before."
"My psychiatrist prescribed me this drug after my neurologist had put me on it for migraine prevention after I was on 20mg of Prozac for 15 years for depression and anxiety. I was on a low dose for my migraines so decided to give it a go. I take 100mg at night and the side effects, mainly irritability, was by far the most disturbing. I felt like I could&#039;ve beaten anyone up and felt so aggressive! Told my doctor and he added Vistaril and Seroquel. This trio helped me greatly and although it did take almost 8 weeks for everything to even out, I now feel SO SO much better!! Prozac was always my go to SSRI but Nortriptyline really pulled through for me in the end since it helps prevent migraines, help my depression, and anxiety!"
"I, like many others, was having protected sex with my boyfriend when the condom broke. By the time we noticed it, it was too late. Frantic, I jumped in the shower and tried to wash off as best I could. We arrived at Walgreens less than an hour later and I took the plan B pill. For the next few days I was so queasy and was only able to dry heave. I felt a little more confident because I thought this meant that the plan B was working. However, when my period was supposed to come around on June 22nd. Turns out plan B didn&#039;t work for me, and I was 5 weeks pregnant. Currently undergoing a medication abortion from Planned Parenthood, and I can honestly say it&#039;s been one of the most painful experiences ever. I hope others have better luck..."
"Cialis gave me a strong erection and ejaculation, my wife also said satisfied, but then I suffer from muscular pain around my buttock (near hip joints) for few days now. I have a mild erectile dysfunction."
"I have a similar experience to other reviewers. I had my gallbladder removed in 2002. And have had irritable bowel syndrome for 15 years, with each year it seems to get worse. I couldn&#039;t tolerate spending 1/2 my day in the bathroom. It was so awful that I looked for where the bathroom was at a restaurant before I ordered, just so I knew where to go when the meal was done. When the stomach cramps and the, &quot;oh poop, I gotta poop&quot; feeling came on. By the 2nd day of taking Welchol, it started working for me. I only went to the bathroom once, the entire day! For me, that was a miracle. I still try not to eat trigger foods or drink coffee (I LOVE coffee, but my stomach thinks otherwise) But at least I can live a normal life again, something I had forgotten about."
"I was on Loestrin for a year and I loved how light my periods were and how much less my cramps were. Within a month of not taking it, I could tell what a difference it made. My acne didn&#039;t really change much. I will say though that it did mess with my mental status. At random, I would get depressed for little to no reason. Then at my most recent doctor appointment, I was shocked to realized I had gained around 20 lbs. I had become well aware of my constant bloated stomach but I had no idea I had gained so much. I loved how light Loestrin made my cycles but I won&#039;t take it due to all this weight retention. I&#039;ve even been working out more than before I started the pill!"
"Like many others I was given this preparation for a colonoscopy.  The instructions directed me to take 1 x 1 litre mix the previous day, and the second 1 x 1 litre mix on the morning of the examination.  The taste was salty but bearable, I added orange squash to improve the flavour of the lemon flavoured mix, I think any addition is guaranteed to improve the flavour as it is bland and salty, refrigerating it also helped to take the edge off the taste.  

The first 1 x 1 litre started working after approx 25 mins, but it took approx 4.5 hours before I could comfortably / safely without fear of needing a sprint to loo, go to bed to sleep.

The second dose started working immediately, approx 5 minutes ..... It certainly does it&#039;s job!!"
"I am lying here wide awake with my vagina itching and burning and now I find out that in not the only one.
Holy crap! I&#039;ve used this product 6 or so times before but I never had THIS happen...and while I&#039;m glad I&#039;m not alone I can&#039;t wait for this feeling to END.  I want to rip my vagina out right now."
"Hello, I  am coming off of suboxone. It has been 24 hours since the shot was administered. I feel great. Now rewind... at 1 pm  I got the shot. By 2pm  the withdrawals kicked in. I wasn&#039;t  vomiting  or anything but was very sleepy and dizzy. I went to bed. By 6 am the next morning I felt 60% better. I got up had a cup of coffee, and felt great. By 1pm (24 hours) I  am about 90% percent  better. I would just  like to give people some encouragement. The reviews  on here scared me as well. I tapered myself down before getting the shot...and I feel so far so good! It can be done! You do not  have to sit home and withdrawal for weeks and even months. Everyone&#039;s  body is different but I highly recommend  this!"
"I&#039;m a firefighter/paramedic and I&#039;ve been on Nuvigil for about 4 days now and I love it. I have never been a fan of taking medications but when between working 24 hour shifts, school full time and my 3 year old daughter I found myself exhausted all the time. I started drinking energy drinks and they worked but after awhile they got expensive so I started taking caffeine pills. After awhile my body needed the caffeine everyday but I didn&#039;t necessarily need it every day which I didn&#039;t like. I also didn&#039;t like my heart racing with the caffeine. Since starting Nuvigil I haven&#039;t had caffeine at all and I didn&#039;t have much of a withdrawal phase. It has had all the positive effects for me like a stimulant with none of the negative."
"My number was 240 with a bad ratio. Now its around 140 with a great ratio."
"Since starting chemotherapy my dr. A specialist at victoria hospital in london has put me on emend. Thank goodness the company sponsors people like myself who would otherwise not be able to afford these 3 wonderful capsules. My nausea and vomiting still exist but far less than if I had not had the capsules available. Once again thank you merck frost."
"Works very well for anxiety. Stay far away from any alcohol consumption while taking this medicine."
"I must admit that some of the things that people experience from this pill is scary.  ONE THING TO KNOW IS JUST BECAUSE THEY HAVE THIS EXPERIENCE DOESNT MEAN YOU WILL. ALWAYS TRY IT YOURSELF. DIFFERENT BODIES HAVE DIFFERENT REACTIONS. I have been on this birth control for about 4 months now and I love it. I dont have mood swings at all I am very calm at all times. I did not used to be. I dont have vaginal dryness, yeast infections, UTI&#039;s, or anything else that people are saying besides breast tenderness. It only seems to be tender at night. I have not gained any weight. I think my breast are getting bigger which is a plus to me. I don&#039;t have acne like I used to. My periods are very light now."
"It seems to be helping, but still some depression remains.  I have Bipolar Type 1, so I have struggled with mania, hypomania, mixed mood, and depression.  I do notice I&#039;m more &quot;even,&quot; which is what the medicine intends to do.  I take a combination of meds, so it could be difficult to tell which medicine is doing what.  All I know is that I have no side effects, which is good, because I requested a mood stabilizer that will not make me gain weight.  Overall, I&#039;m satisfied with the way things are going (thank goodness, because Bipolar could be hell)."
"I am new to this world of taking an antidepressant, specifically Citalopram. I was prescribed 10 mg. I started with 5mg for 4 days to see how I would respond per psych NP&#039;s orders. I am small in stature and under 100 lbs. I had a succession of traumatic and stressful major life events occur all in a matter of 6 months. The result has led me to have debilitating anxiety and panic attacks. I know I have lived with undiagnosed mild depression and OCD tendencies and anxiety for fear of being labeled but these last months broke me. I take Ativan .5 to 1 mg as needed only for sleep. I am going on 2 weeks of Citalopram at 10 mg and am noticing small improvements. Does anyone have any experiences similar to mine? Suggestions or input appreciated."
"I&#039;ve been taking this birth control since March of 2017 and it&#039;s worked great for me so far. No pregnancies, no side affects. I absolutely love it. I still get my period during the placebo week but my cramps are way more manageable, and my period is super light and only last 2-3 days, when before it was 4-5 days and horrible horrible cramps. I&#039;ve always had clear skin but I do notice that the first two weeks of a new pack, my skin is glowing! Towards the last week of the active pills I get my regular period about to start pimples. Sometimes I notice a slight increased irritability but I can&#039;t completely attribute that to just this birth control. I&#039;ve had horrible mood swings on a past medication and haven&#039;t gotten even an ounce of that."
"I reluctantly started taking this for insomnia. Because I put up a fuss about it, my MD started me on 25mg at bedtime (half of a 50mg tablet.) 
So far, so good. I go to sleep, I stay asleep.
What a gift."
"These reviews are total shams. The successful quit rates for people using Chantix, the patch and nicorette gum combined is lower than quitting cold turkey. Notice how every review follows the same formula? 
1) State that you smoked heavily for decades
2) Claim that Chantix made you forget that you ever enjoyed smoking... it was EASY!
3) Neglect to mention all the side effects- including an alarmingly high rate of suicidal thoughts

The only proven method is cold turkey. Wanna drag out your physical cravings for months? Go on the patch, get less nicotine than your body wants, be in mild withdrawal constantly, and have ZERO to show for all that discomfort 2 months later. Cold turkey? 72 hours and the rest is all psychological."
"1st colonoscopy I took the prep at 6 and it is 930 and so far nothing.   Light cramping and some rumbles, nothing more.  Concerned since most others had quick results and done with night before prep by now.  Was hoping to sleep tonight but not betting on it."
"Just started taking this 3 months ago after being taken or Norg-
fe due to a few cases of spotting and 2 cases of 3 week long periods and lets just say I&#039;d rather have the periods back again. I haven&#039;t had my period since I started Blisovi but every now and then I still get the killer cramps. It also caused me to gain about 5 pounds along with some severe acne or breakouts on my arms, shoulders, back, and even legs. Do not recommend at all."
"I took Suprep three years ago, and now again yesterday and today.  On a positive note, it&#039;s good to be able to drink most of the liquid as plain water.  It also worked without cramping.  I want to thank the person on this site that suggested dividing the 16 oz. cup of Suprep and liquid into four portions.  Even though I was drinking the same amount, it seemed easier tackling each smaller portion at a time.  I kept hard mints handy to suck on between drinks and it helped.  On the downside, I did experience some nausea for a few hours.  Someday I hope to just be able to take a pill for the prep."
"I had seriousl Rosecea that I allowed to go undiagnosed/untreated for years.  Until the point it effected my eyes and then I knew I had to do something. I have been using this cream for 5 days now in addition to a sulfa wash, doxycycline daily and CreaVe moisturizer. The results are slow (but my case was extreme so keep that in mind) but I&#039;m starting to notice improvements in the texture of my skin as well as decreased redness and swelling. I use it 2 times daily. My advice is be patient with it. Don&#039;t expect overnight results but I think you will be pleased after strict continued use within a week or so."
"I have been taking phenobarbital since the 1980&#039;s. I tried many other meds first and the side effects were terrible. Finally, my neurosurgeon decided to try phenobarbitol. It made me very drowsy at first. I take it at bedtime. It has worked for me for decades. Every time I see a doctor I get the same old &quot;that&#039;s an old drug. We should change it&quot;. NO THANK YOU. Insurance company wants me to try &quot;step therapy&quot;. They don&#039;t know what they are doing. You can&#039;t just switch these meds. You have to wean off. I pay full price. Thank goodness it doesn&#039;t break the bank.

Great medication, even if it is old."
"I&#039;m moving through my second month of these pills after having tried Depo-Provera, which I hated, no sex drive, extremely mental... Seasonique, which cause teenage-like acne, wacky spotting...

I like Junel Fe so far, I didn&#039;t know the brown pills are iron, thinking they were just sugar I didn&#039;t take them and suffered low iron headaches, this month I&#039;ll take them.  My period was quick and light, minimal cramping, not even bad enough to take pain killers.  I do have a metallic taste in my mouth that started recently. I hope that goes away."
"I was originally on loestrin 24 fe, CVS switched me to junel which was the generic brand. At first my body was doing all right with it, but I began to get very depressed and I would wake up have terrible panic attack where if felt like I couldn&#039;t breathe. I lost my sex drive too, I felt Asexual. I got off junel and took a month off. Now I am on viorele which I started two days ago so it is too soon to tell, hopefully this works well with my body. Junel was the first pill that I spotted with. I started taking birth control due to extremely painful periods where I would throw up."
"I have been on BC since the 9th grade. I started to read forums and saw that being on  BC, for over 5 years could lead to abnormal paps. I decided to remove it to see if I lose the 30lbs I gained and with a change to an organic diet will reverse my precancerous  cells and if I&#039;ll lose weight too. I never had a period, no cramps, no headaches,  no mood swings. My only issue is the precancerous cells that are in a mild stage and haven&#039;t  reversed in almost two years. Other than the weight gain I loved the nexplanon."
"I have never stuck to one birth control before because I have always had bad experiences with side effects. I am on my first month now and I feel so ill. My nausea is extreme, I have had a headache for weeks and I&#039;m very off balance. The only thing that has changed in my life is starting this birth control. I am going to give it another month and see what happens."
"Not perfect but a great solution to redness.
Read some of the blogs and online comments for use options. I started with a low dose and ramped up. It definitely helps me."
"I was shocked how fast this worked.  I&#039;ve been a long distance runner for years but have gradually gained weight thanks to menopause and occasional binge eating.  Had to stop running (or even walking) for 8 months because of ankle tendon tear and gained even more weight, plus many of my joints became very stiff and achy - especially in the mornings.  My ankle finally healed, and I tried to return to simple walking - I was in constant pain when I moved, ankles, knees, lower back.  Ibuprofen bothered my stomach.  I tried SAMe (a 400mg tablet) and 3 hours later the pain was 80% gone.  I&#039;ve continued it (400mg twice a day) for 2 months now and am walking again.  Added benefit - it&#039;s helped me lose weight (no more feelings like I want to binge)."
"I have struggled with anxiety for years, and I&#039;ve improved Obsessive Compulsive Ddisorder in a way that would increase my quality of life. I&#039;ve been taking 50 to 250 milligrams Zoloft for the course of almost 7 years, and I&#039;ve been getting 5 to 8 hours of sleep everyday. I was getting from C&#039;s and D&#039;s in school, to mostly A&#039;s and B&#039;s, and my memory was becoming crystal clear.

When I&#039;ve decided to go down to 25mg, I&#039;ve began to experience more anxiety, more depression, more insomnia, more OCD-like symptoms. Even if I had a good day under 25mg of Zoloft, I wasn&#039;t confident about myself and didn&#039;t like the person that I was becoming. I&#039;m telling you, this medication does work to treat your anxiety, it&#039;s just it takes time to work."
"I loved Gianvi. I took it for about 5 years, and noticed minimal side effects. I feel like birth control pills really help stabilize people who have hormonal mood problems to begin with; but if they are fine to begin with, they throw it off balance and cause side effects. I was not fine to begin with. Very irregular, heavy, painful periods, hormonal acne, and PMDD. Gianvi stabilized me. One thing I did notice was my hair growth pretty much stopped for some reason, which was weird. But that was the only side effect. Cleared my skin."
"I&#039;m taking contrave which contains zyban. Immediately my cravings were dramatically reduced. I was completely shocked because I&#039;ve been trying to quit for 30 years without success. I&#039;d always get the most unbearable tension headaches and give up. Finally I asked my doctor for help and she prescribed this. It&#039;s been almost a month now and I&#039;ve only smoked a few times. It tastes horrible now and I&#039;m not craving them at all now unless I get really stressed out. But when I do, I don&#039;t enjoy it anymore. I encourage you to try it. If you get side effects reduce the dosage til your body adjusts. Increase very gradually. Hope this helps! Good luck!"
"An amazing medicine to give your a break from pain, soreness and improve your confidence"
"Felt more attentive and helped take away depression I had lived with for years."
"I have suffered with anxiety dies order, PTSD, and OCD for as long as I can remember so my psychiatrist put me on Clonazepam. After taking it for 2 months I noticed I was angry all the time, I had no patience and had irritable and hostile thoughts. It never really helped curb the OCD or the intrusive thoughts/worries. I immediately stopped taking it and was switched to Luvox which has worked wonders for my anxiety and OCD. Would never go back to this medication."
"When I first started take Sprintec, I had mild headaches for the first 3 months. I was on Sprintec for 1 year and had an insatiable appetite the entire time. I did, however, love that my periods got MUCH lighter, easier to track, and my horrible PMS pretty much disappeared. I got married and stopped taking it because my husband and I are ready for babies!"
"I have been taking pills since 1997 started with Vicodin and graduated to heroin, roxicodone and Oxycontin. Been to prison twice because of my addiction. Came home stayed clean a year then started again. In August 2010 I was eating 100 30mg roxis a day. It&#039;s hard to believe but true. I went to a doctor and he put me on Subutex 4 a day down to 1/4 a day in a 5 day period. Felt okay but little chilly, cold. This is a miracle medicine for anyone who is using. Please try it."
"I am not sure when I contacted HCV - I found out I had it through a life insurance screening in 2009.  I was 38 at the time, and having genotype 1, I was very discouraged about having any treatment options.  It took some time to get Harvoni approved through my insurance, but so very thankful I was finally accepted.  I am currently on day 34 of 84, just found out that my last blood work showed NOT DETECTED!!!  As far as side effects, I have had insomnia which I have been taking a sleep aide for, and very, very fatigued...all I can do to get out of bed and to work some days.  I have found that taking a mid day nap has helped a bunch.  So thankful for Harvoni!!!"
"Had insomnia for years, due to anxiety and mild panic attacks, also complicated by dystonic tremor in my neck, head constantly twitches, even when lying down.  On a good night was getting 5 or 6 hours broken sleep.  Tried several meds, nothing helped.  Doctor suggested quetiapine, I was a bit reluctant as its such a strong drug but desperate enough to give a try. I&#039;m finally sleeping through every night!  Very constipated when I first started but came right after a few weeks.  Also wake up feeling groggy but am fine once I&#039;m up.   No problems with weight gain.  Using 25mg but thinking about cutting down to 12.5mg.  Love being able to sleep!"
"The product gave me extreme rashes and my face was itchy for the next couple of days. My whole face was extremely swollen, it is possible I am allergic to benzoyl peroxide."
"Been on this birth control for about almost 2 years. At first yes I felt different but that&#039;s every birth control. It takes time to adjust to your body. Any doctor will tell you to wait 3 months or so and see how you feel before switching. Anyway, I feel fine now, my periods are regular and I don&#039;t have terrible cramps. My boobs grew and that&#039;s about it. Stress I&#039;ve always had and anxiety I&#039;ve always had, I don&#039;t think it&#039;s linked to birth control in anyway."
"Reviews said that this tasted like salty cherries. Being the salt fanatic I am, I thought I&#039;d enjoy this concoction. It smelled pleasant and looked like water which further tricked me into thinking it wouldn&#039;t be bad at all. WRONG!!! The first gulp I took was torturous, sending a cringe down my entire body and leaving the worst taste in my mouth and making me dread the rest of it. I added a straw, which made it more bearable, but I also cut up some lemons and took a big ol&#039; bite of it after each chug to erase the unbearable bitterness. 2nd round of this, I almost couldn&#039;t bring myself to drink it. I added lemonade mix, didn&#039;t help, and was making me gag. But it emptied me out GREAT which is why I give it a 6"
"I used to have mild panic attacks, was always depressed, and just felt like I had the world on my back all the time. My doctor prescribed me 20mg of citalopram and it works good. My side affects are I&#039;m usually tired throughout the day, I get the shakes on and off, consistent yawning, skin itches a little and a bit of a bowel problem. Other than that, I have found my moods to be much better, my depression is not as bad and I&#039;m more up beat. Definitely, would recommend."
"29years old.  Kidney stone dropped me to the floor, in tears, on my first day of work @ a great new job.  Manager had to drive me to ER.  Not a good look in a blue collar line of work.
Literally threw up on myself from the pain.  
Turned down morphine due to past narcotic dependency.
Toradol saved me that day, but stones not gone.
Got CT done, &quot;One 5mm, two 2mm&quot;.  
Flomax for past three weeks.
Just passed an 8mm stone....laughing &amp; joyously celebrating!  Haha
I&#039;ve watched my father suffer through a dozen stones. He never took flomax.  I know that what I just passed should not have come out that easily/painlessly."
"I was on Skyla for 8-9 months. Insertion was painful but the cramping subsided within a day or so. Skyla is advertised to reduce the frequency of your periods but mine actually became more frequent (every 3 weeks) and lasted longer(8-9 days) than when I was on the pill (3-5 days). Also, it caused my skin to become very oily and I developed cystic acne. I never had an issue with acne until I started Skyla. The only benefit I saw was not having to take a pill every day. After having Skyla removed and going back to my BC pill, my skin and periods went back to normal within 4-6 weeks. Removal wasn&#039;t nearly as painful as insertion. I&#039;m very bummed Skyla didn&#039;t work for me--I was so ready to be done taking a pill every day."
"5mg did not keep my numbers down.  10 mg works wonders however I am dizzy everyday on 10 mg."
"Have been on combination of 60mg
Cymbalta and 15mg of remeron for 2 years,
The latter for insomnia, which I had when
On only Cymbalta for GAD. This has reduced
My symptoms almost completely.
I do dream frequently,but nothing that 
Causes a problem. I do move about while
Sleeping and have fallen out of bed on occasion.
Pillows on the floor eliminated the danger"
"I am twenty years old and have been on birth control since I was 15. I have been on Tri-Cyclen, Yaz, Alesse, Depo-provera and Mirena! In five years, I was desperate to find something that worked for me. I had symptoms from weight gain, mood swings, acne, debilitating cramps, and even serious depression. Trying Nuva-ring was my last hope. I LOVE IT! It has not given me any mood swings, it has BOOSTED my sex drive! My periods are ridiculously light, 2 days long, and I have no cramps or PMS. Amazing. I know every girl&#039;s body is different but I totally recommend Nuva-ring!"
"I love it. No carbs and I work out. If you are not willing to change your life and just take the meds when you stop taking the meds you will gain twice as much back.  Its a life style change not a magic pill...."
"I started on Zometa about 3 years ago, at first it was every three months but over the past year I have it every 4 weeks. The side effects vary almost every time, sometimes it&#039;s aching bones or muscle pain and I usually feel weary to the point that I stay in bed all day, the effects usually hit me on the second day after having the infusion and only last for one day. Today is Sunday and I had the infusion on Friday so as I write this I&#039;m feeling pretty rotten, but come tomorrow I&#039;ll be feeling much better so it doesn&#039;t worry me at all...and it&#039;s a lot better than having my bones snapping just because I&#039;ve lifted something that&#039;s too heavy."
"I had a scary adverse reaction with Ativan. I was given 1 mg in the hospital orally for the very bad anxiety I was having. About an hour and a half later I began getting the most strangest, scariest hallucinations. Both visual and sensory. I don&#039;t know if this was an allergic reaction but I never had this problem with any other benzodiazepine. Please be cautious with Ativan in particular, because it altered the functioning of my brain (it wore off the next day)."
"I always read reviews about meds but never share my expierence. SO, 

I am 22 years old and have always struggled with depression and anxiety, but this past May (May of 2016) I ended up admitted myself to an in-patient psychiatric ward due to suicidal thoughts which led me to cutting myself for the first time in my life. The psychiatrist decided to put me on venlafaxine 75 mg 1x a day.. The only side effects I had was dry mouth, minor insomnia, and a little weigh gain; besides that, I have not experienced any horrible side effects like I have with so many other medications. I take venlafaxine for depression and generalized anxiety. I take 75mg 2x a day now and I am calm, collected, and happier than ever. I plan to stay on this forever."
"My diabetes was out of control (300&#039;s), my Dr. put me on Victoza and I have never had such good readings. I have lost 5 pounds. The medicine sort of makes me feel full or a little nausea, but nothing bad at all. I&#039;m so happy with it and so excited with the results. Thanks Victoza"
"The tast is TERRIBLE!!!!!!! The worst taste ever I take it with juice only to try an avoid the taste other than the aweful taste the medicine really works! It clears up the smell and everything very quickly I didn&#039;t have any side effects not even  nausea"
"I have been on this medication for eight years except when I was pregnant. I have agoraphobia, and panic attacks. Without this medication I wouldn&#039;t be able to raise my children or enjoy my marriage because I would have daily panic attacks and would never leave the house. I leave the house more. But now I have different insurance and my new doctor doesn&#039;t want me to take it so I am now looking for a different doctor!
"
"Ultram-50 relieved my neck pain (arthritis) and made me much more alert by removing the fog of pain, instead of the &quot;drowsy&quot; side effect mentioned in the literature.  However, when I was switched to generic Tramadol, I experienced severe itching all over.  "
"I have been on and off this medicine for a year or so and what I&#039;ve found is that when I stay on it and take it like I&#039;m supposed to, I lose weight and eat healthier.  When  go off I eat horribly but it&#039;s honestly more of me going off my diet so I don&#039;t bother with the Contrave.  Now I have been taking it faithfully since February 1st and eating low carb and I&#039;m down over 25 lbs.  I think it does really work and it helps me make better choices.  My main reason for this review is to let all of the &quot;newbies&quot; know that the side effects will go away.  I felt horrible for the first few weeks as I was building up my dosage but I have absolutely no side effects now.  Start very slowly and gradually build up to the full dose"
"I&#039;ve been on the Xulane patch for a year now. When I first started it everything was great. My periods got lighter, I had a moderate libido, I wasn&#039;t nauseous at all and had almost zero negative effects. After about four/five months of use I started getting morning sickness after having my period and putting the patch back on. Now I also have unusual chest pain, back and neck pain all in one and my mood swings are crazy. my periods have also gotten heavier and my cramps worse than when I first started. I tried switching to the progestin only pill but because of the dramatic hormone level change, I was not able to use this very long. Five stars for Xulane because it&#039;s done its job at not getting me pregnant."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla since July 2015, and I really love it! Insertion was painful, but it was over quickly. I took the day and the day after off of work and just slept through the pain. My periods are much lighter now, and I don&#039;t cramp at all. I&#039;ve gained 10ish pounds and my skin is breaking out, but that could be unrelated as I am stressed out right now! I highly recommend Skyla."
"I was given this drug after a root canal and temp crown placement.  I wasn&#039;t having any symptoms of infection (pain/fever) prior to procedure, so it seemed a little strange to be given this after, but figured dentist knew what she was doing.  300mg every 6hrs (4 X / day) for 2 weeks. stomach pain/diarrhea started after 24hrs. I called the dentist asking for something else and was told I didn&#039;t have to take it anymore if it was causing me issues.  ??? WHAT-why was I even given this extreme antibiotic to begin with?  was on this med for 3 days and 24hr after i&#039;m still having bad digestive issues. feel like it has caused an issue where there wasn&#039;t one originally.  I will never take this ever again, just hope the damage isn&#039;t permanant"
"Made me feel totally disconnected from social interaction,life,etc. its like it closed my head in."
"I have been experiencing headaches and before using Orthocept I rarely got headaches, I&#039;ve also experienced dark spotting for two weeks leading up to my period. I&#039;m very moody now and am very easily frustrated. I get tired as early as 8 at night now (before the pill I could stay up until 2 a.m. If I even went to sleep) and am no longer a morning person. I&#039;m hungry more and am gaining weight but luckily in the right places. My breasts are noticeably growing. My libido has also increased and I&#039;m not pregnant so it&#039;s working ok."
"As a flight attendant, I won&#039;t leave home without it. It&#039;s the only thing that will clear up tough congestion in my ears and sinuses that I sometimes experience on the plane."
"I&#039;ve been using the immediate release form of Oxycodone for many years frequently in combination with codeine for chronic back pain.  For me the combination is more effective than either alone.  I try to take the minimum dose necessary to control my pain, which for me is about 5 to 10 mg Oxy plus 60 mg codeine 3 or 4 times a day, depending on my level of physical activity.   As mentioned by others, tolerance and dependence or addiction (btw, not the same thing) are the main problems."
"Allopurinol works extremely well for me. I am on 300 mg per day and it seems to do the trick. However, my one beef is that sometimes the pills will suddenly stop working and I have to buy a new batch. I am guessing this is because of humidity changes or temperature changes, but it is annoying. For example, about half the times I fly somewhere I find on my arrival that the pills stop working; I carry the pills in my pocket or in my carry-on while in the plane, but even so, they stop functioning. I am guessing it is the change in humidity, but who knows?"
"I started Triumeq last month and I am happy to say that there is no side affects with me at this time. I feel better and have no joint pain. I recommend this drug for all that have to live with HIV. My doctor is the best for putting me on this. I have had HIV for 20 years now and can&#039;t wait for more advancements to destroy this virus."
"This birth control is probably the best one. It&#039;s the first one I tried and I love it. No side effects AT ALL. I am exactly the same as when I was not on it. I have now been on it for 2 months and it has been perfect. Definitely recommend it!"
"I currently take Zonegran --I love love love it!!!---

Prior to this I took Depakote--for me this drug sucked-- I was lethargic, my hair fell out in clumps I went from weighing 225lbs to 389lbs  and I developed Sleep apnea.  I was taking 500 mg of Depakote four times per day---2000mg of this stuff-- I had several seizures in my sleep one where I fractured my ankle on the bed frame. The weight was the worst I could not control it. I wish I could submit a picture of myself while being on this stuff. After I got off this drug I lost 160lbs. My dad saw the b4 pic and didn&#039;t know who I was. Maybe this works for some, but not for me I would never take this again!!!"
"I have lost 30lbs on this medication. I started on the low does for 2 weeks then started the high does. It is a bit expensive, insurance does not cove this and it went up to $141 from $131. Make sure you get the rebate card/ coupon. There are some side effects. My hands or feet will start to tingle randomly, anything carbonated.. forget about drinking it, it all tastes flat. My doctor told me it will change the taste of chocolate but right now chocolate still tastes the same! I don&#039;t crave sweets as much when I take the medication month after month. I haven&#039;t had it in about 2 months and I let go. Gained some weight but I&#039;m back on it. I highly recommend working out with this medication and eating healthy and you will see a huge difference."
"I still have flare ups during the day but there are times where my skin is completely free from any redness, especially about an hour after it&#039;s applied.  It losses its effectiveness after about 6 hrs for me. After the tube is open I&#039;ve tried to stretch it out past 30 days but it&#039;s effective is not as good when the tube is first opened I&#039;ve found. I remember it taking a few weeks when I first started using it along with a topical cream at night for my skin to start to change.  My script ran out and I went without it for a week and I hated not having it. My skin burned and hurt again when I stopped using it for that time.  Although it doesn&#039;t completely eliminate systems it sure does help and I will not go a day without it."
"Tastes so nasty made me want to throw up even more."
"This is a comment about my own use, this stuff is a joke because the box only comes with 6 single shot nasal sprays, meanwhile during a cluster period I&#039;ll get from 3 to 6 excruciatingly painful Cluster headaches in a 24 hour period. Box will cure Basically 6 headaches, which lasts no more than 3 or 4 days during cluster period and that&#039;s while trying to conserve. The problem is most insurance will only pay for 1 box per month which leaves me missing work and banging my head against the wall for the other 25-27 days of the month. I don&#039;t know who made this medicine and why they would market it for clusters knowing that when people are in a cluster attack period get up to 6 or 7 &quot;Suicide Headaches&quot; per day. Terrible overall medicine."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 2 months and it&#039;s given me horrible headaches. I never get headaches. I&#039;ve tried taking Advil and Tylonal but nothing seems to help. I&#039;ve had large blood clots and spotting. This will most likely be my last month as it&#039;s not worth the side effects. My doctor prescribed it for endometriosis and heavy periods. I&#039;d rather have my 12 day heavy periods than constant headaches, huge blood clots and spotting."
"Lexapro SAVED MY MARRIAGE...to my husband of one year. After a few bad years of terrible MOOD SWINGS, verbal and Physical abuse[he battered his kids mother years ago and was jailed], irrational behavior, defiance, his obsessive *porn* addiction, lying about $$/secretive personality.. I am finally able to say that this medicine has CHANGED him and he is NOT a MONSTER anymore..His obsessive nature is GONE. I cried the first week he got on it and thanked God over and over..We tried two rounds of counseling combined with going to  church and the rage wouldnt go away so a relative of his suggested he take Celexa because he had the same disorder..He was put on Lexapro instead..I am VERY HAPPY now.."
"I am 19 years old and I&#039;ve had this H Pylori for almost 2 years . My doctor put me on the treatment and I started yesterday morning after breakfast . Everytime I take it I get nauseous and feel pain in my stomach. Well today I feel like I have absolutely no energy and I&#039;m sitting at work falling asleep and still nauseous. Is this normal or should I call my doctor. I&#039;ve never called off nor been late to my job but I do not feel up to working today and I don&#039;t know why I&#039;m feeling like this. Help please"
"Started the take this medicine for a tongue condition (Geographical tongue). I read it lowers my immune system and it definitely does. I only have one more day of it thank goodness. I feel horrible. My head hurts, my eyes are watery, &amp; I constantly feel achey. I don&#039;t really see a difference in my tongue either. Just want to be off this medicine! Let&#039;s hope the withdrawals aren&#039;t bad either."
"Well I have the 7 day cream plus applicator and as I read the direction it also warned me that I may experience an increase on burning and some mild cramping while using this medication but after the 7days if I&#039;m still experiencing those symptoms then call my doctor . So with that being said I already knew what to expect YES I had the burning but it did not last all day or anything like that only when I inserted for about 5 minutes it actually made my Vagina feel so much better plus they tell you use the cream as well to put on your vagina to relieve the irritation that&#039;s going on around your vulva ."
"This medicine has saved my life ten-times-over, given me a quality of life on par with others and above all else allowed me to succeed. I have had panic disorder
since childhood and wasn&#039;t prescribed Xanax until age 23. Now I can do anything I want, panic and anxiety free. The sky is the limit really. This is medicine can save lives, the perfect freedom gift."
"I am 14, and I started using Doryx about a month ago. It hasn&#039;t worked for me, actually within the first few weeks my acne got worst, bigger, redder, and more painful pimples on my face.  In the dermatologist&#039;s office he said if this doesn&#039;t work in a month give me a call and we will give you something else. So I called him today, and he tells me to use it for another month. Do you really think I want my acne to get worse. NO! I was skeptical so I got online. Some reviews say it worked instantly, others say it took months, and some even say it never worked. I guess I will keep using it for another month, but if it doesn&#039;t clear my skin I will go back to my dermatologist."
"After being on Lexapro for 2 weeks, I felt like a new woman."
"I love the transdermal patches. Very convenient weekly application and virtually eliminates the ups and downs I experienced with the pill form of clonidine. Tiredness, fatigue, dry eyes are a small price to pay for good blood pressure control."
"This medicine can be very dangerous and send you into Serotonin Syndrome. I ask everyone out there to please know the symptoms of Serotonin Syndrome and report to you nearest Emergency Room Immediately if you are having symptoms."
"I was prescribed 20mg Celexa and 0.5mg of Xanax, first day I took both as directed, slept for an hour and a half and once I woke I had a panic attack for the next hour or so.  The next day I took just the Celexa, slept for an hour and a half again, this time the panic attack was much worse, dizzy, felt like getting sick, come close to calling 911. It finally subsided and went to bed only to lay there wide awake, felt out of it all day.  

Dr said to stop taking it, prescribed Paxil since I&#039;ve had success with it before."
"I have never experience any hope of medication to assist in the health before and after researching I thought the product looked ok to try but I was so wrong. It did work after 14 hours but throughout the night I was woken up by cramps and hot sweats. The cramps are worse than a menstrual cycle and this may be to much information but I almost passed out right before my BM and during felt I was going to vomit all over the place and my body feels extremely weak. For getting the medication for sensitive stomachs it sure doesn&#039;t feel like it was meant for me, very disappointed and threw the entire package away."
"After taking this I felt queazy and lack of energy."
"It tastes like liquid peppermint bubble gum."
"Love it. Worked the first time"
"I started taking Phentermine (Adipex P) on February 5, 2010 and as of today I have lost 5 pounds. I am so excited to finally see something that can help me reach my weight loss goals. The only things that I do not like is not sleeping well at night and waking up at the crack of dawn, and the nausea. I am not a good water drinker so having the dry mouth encourages me to drink water to satisfy my thirst. My starting weight was 213 and I want to reach my goal of 145, which was my weight before all my children. I only exercise three days a week right now and my eating could be better. So when I get completely on the right track with exercise and nutrition I have faith that I will reach my goal by summer."
"I literally want to kiss the person who invented Linzess!! It saved my life from feeling miserable from constipation. It truly is a miracle drug. I only now take it once or twice a week now, but it&#039;s certainly the price to feel good again! Thank you a billion times!"
"It&#039;s day 3 of the 5mg and honestly have never felt my body ache like this before. I have thrown up all day, can&#039;t keep anything down. And I&#039;m so weak I can barely hold my son. I found this forum trying to find out what is going on with me right now and if this medication is the reason. It definitely is. I feel betrayed by my Dr."
"Over 10 years ago I took Lotronex for severe IBS with diarrhea. That condition had crippled me so that I could not leave the house without taking an antidiarrheal and a motion sickness medication. That was to just get out the door. I had to know the location of every restroom in every store, on every road. You get the picture. I had no social life because I didn&#039;t dare go anywhere with this condition. I had been reading about meds that might help with the IBS and had taken several at various times but they all made me sick. I did some research on Lotronex when it first came out and asked my PCP if he would prescribe it for me. The FIRST night I took it, 99% of my symptoms were gone. Within a week or two I finally felt normal and alive again"
"I have tried it twice already. It did not speed up the healing process both times. It takes 10 days with or without Abreva. Waste of money."
"I have been on Lexapro for almost two weeks now, my depression has gotten better but unfortunately it causes me to have problems in bed.  I am male 26 years old, my libido is the same, for some reason shortly after starting this medication I cannot climax sexually.  Paxil was similar but I could still finish. I am planning on getting off this medication as fast as I can."
"This is one horrible drug.  I was given this to help with insomnia as I weened off Clonazepam. I am already on blood pressure medication and the first week I ended up in ER twice with blood pressure reading up near 200, hyperactive, blurred vision, and the shakes.  My pressure has continued to roller coaster all over the board for the past two weeks. My regular doctor and cardiologist didn&#039;t seem to care so I switched and went to a different health provider.  He now has me tapering me off the Tarazadone and is confident my blood pressure will return to normal."
"I&#039;ve been on brintellix for about 4 weeks now, my doctor had me cut the pill in half and take it with my 100mg of Pristiq. I feel that this medicine has cut the bad days down from five days to 3 so its working. I haven&#039;t had any side effects at all."
"Like most people, I was extremely nervous about the procedure to get this birth control inserted. However, I was so done having to take an oral contraceptive everyday and just wanted something that was less of a hassle. After discussing different options with my OBGYN, we decided on NEXPLANON. It only took a week from talking with my doctor before the actual procedure. I had watched multiple youtube videos on the process and was extremely nervous. My doctor did an excellent job talking me through everything he did and I honestly didn&#039;t feel a thing. It was so quick and easy! I didn&#039;t have any bruising or side effects after the insertion. Its been a little over a month and nothing! Its awesome."
"I was prescribed the metronidazole vaginal gel for bacterial vaginitis. They have me using the gel before bed for 5 days. Tonight will be my 4th night of use. So far the only side effects I have noticed are a very think, white discharge and menstrual like cramps and discomfort in my pelvic area. I also have had a slight decrease in my appetite. "
"Great temporary relief from plantar fasciitis.  Suffered with heel pain for 6 months. Was prescribed Prednisone for a severe chest cold, to help with breathing. Next day, heel pain was gone.  Had about a week supply, and had no heel pain for a week. About three days after stopping, heel pain returned. It is NOT a cure, but a much welcomed temporary relief.  All tabs were 20mg.  Three the first day, two the second day, then one per day for 5 days.  Awesome relief."
"I was on Linzess using it only time from time as it caused severe bloating and diarrhea. I was skipping doses and was constipated then. It always required a decision should I take a pill today or not.

For the last 2 months I am using Trulance and it is perfect. I am taking it in the morning and forgetting. It just works! Smooth and nice. I already forgot what diarrhea is! I feel like my life is changed"
"I have been using restasis single use vials for years and they have definitely helped my post lasik dry eyes--eye doc confirms corneas healthier, no dry patches.  I was using the single use vials, using each one twice as everyone does, with no problems.  I decided I&#039;d try the multidose vials.  I&#039;d make the same comments as others--they are hard to dispense, dispense more than you need, and will not last a month, let alone 45 days, which makes them more than twice as expensive as the vials.  We will see if Allergan keeps its promise to keep making the vials, as they will obviously increase profits with the multi use bottles."
"I have been taking Xanax since 2003 and I absolutely love it. I have a social anxiety disorder it makes me extremely nervous to be around large groups of people, even my friends. When I don&#039;t have my Xanax, I&#039;m no fun to be around and I have high levels of anxiety. Not fun. Bottom line, Xanax really has saved my life. There were times when I was suicidal and without it, I may not be here. I would recommend it to anyone who needs it."
"I have been using Verdeso in conjunction with another foam spray on my forehead, chin and cheeks. It made a huge impact on a red rush I had between my eye and my nose. It is almost gone by now, and I started the treatment less than two weeks ago. I would say that within a week or less one could see a major improvement in the way the skin looks. I use something else for the hands (a form of eczema) and its also amazing. "
"I had a hysterectomy 9 years ago and have been suffering with hot flashes, tired, no energy and lots of other symptoms. Went to my doctor and he did not want to give me any HRT but I could not cope anymore with some of the hot flashes tiredness no energy and numerous other symptoms so decided to go back to my doctor and ask again for something to help me this time he has prescribed me Premarin. Its early days yet but already my hot flashes are starting to subside seems to be starting to help great to at last get a tablet to help I am very pleased with the Premarin and no side effects."
"Well let me share my experience. When I got Mirena the first day it did hurt a little bit but not as bad as having a baby. It&#039;s been almost a year since I got Mirena and I have gained about 20 pounds. I feel horrible and the mood swings are really bad. "
"When I took them I was extremely tired from working all night and day.. doing a double shift and I took one 30mg pill and I was wide awake in about no more that 15 minutes.."
"I had been taking this for a really long time and it worked....for a while. I take 60 mg and it seems to be doing nothing now. I was just prescribed a booster and I really hope it works. I am miserable I have moderate to severe intrusional thoughts."
"works great"
"I got the Nexplanon July of 2014 due to my previous IUD (Mirena) getting lodged into one of my ovaries and needing to get it removed. Before that, I had tried all different kinds of birth control pills, ending up either getting sick, forgetting to take them, or too expensive.
The first six months were great; periods regular and no noticeable side effects. After six months, though, I began experiencing drastic mood swings and waves of depression. My period disappeared for about a year, and I began gaining weight rapidly. Now 2 years in, I have visible acne for the first time and have been bleeding for over 2 weeks with painful cramps. Also having insomnia, lower sex drive, and more intense anxiety. I plan on removing it when I can afford to."
"I have smoked for over 20 years. I took Chantix and smoked for the first 3 weeks.  I did however notice after the 7th day that cigarettes were not as enjoyable.  I stopped on the 3rd week because I was bored with smoking.  I am now just 6 days smoke free but feel amazing! I smell good, I can breathe better and have saved enough to buy some nice perfume which I can still smell on me at the end of the day.  My smokers cough is even going away.  I am having the strange dreams but that is the only side effect.  Chantix makes it so easy. I am going to continue to take it a few more weeks to be sure this monkey is off my back and I plan to stay smoke free forever. Thank you Chantix- Update- 3/25/14  - 2 weeks smoke free and the urge is gone!"
"Insert date: 3/28/2015 - current ... Sex drive down, depression &amp; stress at an all time high, acne has magically appeared, pores are enlarged, I have black blotches on my face, it&#039;s hard to focus, my period used to last 3 days now it last 3-6 weeks, if I&#039;m not on my period then I&#039;m spotting, pain with intercourse, I&#039;ve never had cramps before but I get extreme ones now whether I&#039;m on or off my cycle, hair is falling out, and I am LOSING weight (I&#039;m already teeny weeny) I tried to wait a year, but I want this removed immediately. There&#039;s so much more going on with my body that I feel like I&#039;m missing something in this review."
"Doesn&#039;t help much with my depression. I&#039;m still depressed but no longer suicidal."
"Does not work for me.  17 days and no improvement"
"This is the only med that worked for my uncontrollable cough. Even codeine didn&#039;t work, and I couldn&#039;t get to sleep. If I take 2 teaspoons I start to hallucinate so I stick with 1 teaspoon of the syrup."
"I have had chronic UTIs for my whole life. This medicine did not help at all"
"Without this I am not quite human, nor quite sane. After my Mom passed with an acute illness I developed a horrible case of insomnia and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). A psych. prescribed this and with it I feel that I can calmly exist and think clear thoughts. Without it I am a tight jumble of nerves, I cannot think straight, am paranoid, mean, physically ill and feel like giving up. I tried to go without it for about 6 weeks and all my symptoms returned to me 10 fold. Taking a few pills a day is a small price to pay for your sanity, the ability to smile again, work, look forward to seeing your family and actively pursuing life. Although I don&#039;t recommend this for everyone for a long time, I will probably take it forever. Excellent."
"Developed a cold that just wouldn&#039;t go away and that turned into a cough. Took Vicks, Mucinex, NyQuill, but nothing controlled the cough well. Decided to try Delsym and while it did control the cough much better than the others, I woke up in the early hours of the morning with extreme diarrhea, awful awful cramping, and sweating to death...I literally sat on the toilet for an hour dry heaving because the pain was so bad. It was terrible. For the next 24hrs my stomach just hurt trying to recover. I only thought I had gotten minor food poisoning but this morning when I had just liquid bowel movements again I decided to search reviews since that&#039;s the only thing that has changed...am definitely going to stop taking...."
"I&#039;m 23 and have had my Nexplanon since August of 2014. I absolutely love it. 
The first three months were difficult, went through a mood swing stage and a super oily stage and then I swear 6 months hit and every bad symptom completely disappeared. 
I&#039;m super happy I waited out the full 6 months."
"I&#039;m 24 years old, I have Hashimoto&#039;s (hypothyroid) and am 5&#039;5. I weighed in at 217 lbs on March 25th which is the day I started the medication. It&#039;s been seven days and today I am weighing in at 204, 13 lb loss. I&#039;ve been primarily juicing all three meals per day. I had a full meal one weekend night and have had healthy snacks here and there such as raw almonds and avocados. I&#039;ve been drinking about 1 gallon of water per day. I just worked out for the first time on day 6 so we&#039;ll see how my second week goes now that I&#039;m burning more calories. No negative side effects, dry mouth occurs but as previously stated by everyone it&#039;s just makes the water intake that much easier."
"I have been using Ritalin for 5 years, at first it helped me in social situations. Now I use it to concentrate. The 40mg capsule with release holds for 7 hours, only downside is that I loose my appetite for those 7 hours. I went from being an almost dropout in elementary to a high achiever in high school. Now I am in university and ritalin definitely helped me."
"Started on  brintellix 10mg for depression/anxiety, three weeks ago. No side effects at all,apart from some difficulty sleeping. I think I am feeling clearer, but can&#039;t say I feel less depressed. Maybe a little calmer,but still having some anxiety."
"This my second DVT in 5yrs, I&#039;m only 26 and its from a genetic disorder. I took warfrain the first time around and er doctor gave me xareltro this time. I was thrilled due to no strict diet, constant finger pricks, etc. However from day 1 of xareltro I had horrible headaches that I could not get rid of. I took my dose with dinner and if we had a late dinner, after 7, I would get vivid dreams that left !e exhausted I&#039;m the morning. It caused two ocular migraines, which I have never had which scared m cause I though I was going blind!! I was also hallucinating at all times of the day. I&#039;m back on warfrian now all sideffects have stopped! Loved the promise of xareltro but belive it needs more testing!!"
"After suffering for almost 20 years with severe acne and cystic acne. 
I have been on Duac for only 3 weeks and have seen the biggest change than with any other treatment I&#039;ve tried.
Almost all acne has gone, only cystic acne that will take longer due to being so far under the skin.
It&#039;s amazing, I&#039;ve not felt my skin this smooth since I was 9 years old. 
No new acne breakouts since being on this either. Which is amazing because I&#039;d normally have one or two new ones every day..

LOVE this stuff"
"It was mainly prescribed as a sleep aid, in addition to its antidepressant qualities. I was on regular Seroquel and now on XL as I have trouble staying asleep. It&#039;s slightly better. I&#039;m getting 6 hours of sleep a night. I am not usually groggy or snowed by this, maybe once per 30 doses. I&#039;m ok with it. Only downside is cost (XL is brand)"
"I have combination/acne prone skin but have only ever had a mild problem until I bought a &#039;natural&quot; ebay kit that changed everything. It completely ruined my skin with a huge flare up and immediate dark marks. After that experience I bought tons of other acne products to combat this problem to no avail. My mom works at walmart and told me about differin gel so she brought it home in the morning. I washed my face with my zinc soap prescribed by my derm and dabbed a small amount of gel on my right cheek. In the morning I was beyond surprised to discover a painful cluster of RED acne on that spot so I stopped using this (I&#039;m a light-skinned black girl btw)"
"I recently started my second pack and I couldn&#039;t be happier! I had taken 2 different kinds of birth control in the past and they made my vagina very dry and had no desire for sex. With this medication I&#039;m wet and in the mood for sex. I haven&#039;t had any side effects except for mood swings for the first 3 days. I would strongly recommend Lo Loestrin Fe."
"I have had 2 injections over the past year. I am reading many reviews where there is pain when the injection is given! The doctor numbs the knee, but the injection is very painful. This pain lasts several hours and I do have swelling. Once the initial pain and swelling is over, I feel the Synvisc is working. I was having pain up and down the right leg radiating from the knee. That pain is gone and I am able to take my daily walks. I am 62 and led a very active and athletic life. Though I can&#039;t run the half-marathons anymore, my daily life is pretty normal with minimal knee pain."
"I started the first patch ,first day of my period as instructed by my obgyn and it was perfect, side effects were almost non existent. My period actually got lighter and less painful. First week was ok, second week I suffered from some joint pain then severe stomach aches and finally vomiting . Spent two days barely able to eat or drink anything till I took off the patch and immediately felt better. If it wasn&#039;t for the stomach problems I would definitely recommend it since side effects are the least compared to other methods ."
"Tomorrow will end out my first full week on Belviq and since I read every single one of these reviews before asking my doctor for it, I thought I&#039;d better add mine to help the next person out. :) I&#039;m female, age 41, T2 diabetic. I started last week at 187 (5&#039;5&quot; tall) which puts my BMI at just over 30. I weight this morning (would have been five full days) and am down four pounds to 183!! I haven&#039;t lost my appetite by any means and could still easily overeat it I wanted to. What it has done for me is to help me feel full faster. It&#039;s still on me to make healthy choices, the difference is that now I can eat at appropriate portion and be satisfied. I have been averaging 1200 calories a day. No side effects for me. I&#039;m thrilled!!"
"Great"
"Well, I really am satisfied w/this medicine.  I take it combo w/my pain medication.  I was in a car accident two years ago and aside from the pain meds helping me w/pain, this is what actually allows the muscles themselves able to relax so I can sleep better.  The one I really can&#039;t stand is &#039;flexeril&quot;.  I don&#039;t what the deal is w/that because of anything, it makes ALL of my extremeties &quot;jump&quot;...like restless leg, but restless EVERYWHERE...(the legs too). The big problem is actually I got a new pain dr., but he only believes in one muscle relaxer and that&#039;s baclofen, which does ansolutely NOTHING.  His intern told me that I could take two at a time, and still nothing. "
"I went to a Surgical Center as a patient for out patient Bladder Surgery. In the recovery room i was given 2 shots of Demerol in my IV to help the bladder pain.  Much to my surprise I felt like a human being again because the demerol also  relieved a migraine headache I had for about 10 days."
"I started taking Phentermine on 3/12/09 and I had my appointment on 3/11/09. My weight was 237 lbs. My doctor put me on water pills as well due to my blood pressure being high. So far since 3/12/09 my weight currently is 228 lbs. My goal weight is 150 lbs. I have four children and I had them over the last 5 years, I really have not had that much time to work on my body. Now I am motivated to get the weight off. I have to admit that I have not been following a strict diet but I have tried to watch what I eat and how much I eat. Also my love for candy has started to fade away, hot cookies are starting not to taste so good. Stay encouraged and pray for me. "
"Cause a blood clot that traveled to my heart and almost killed me at the age of 25 after just 5 days on it. They lied about the clinical trials and it&#039;s safety and I&#039;m sure they will again."
"I have been on nuvaring for about 6 years. 
PROS: I&#039;ve never gotten pregnant. My boobs went up 2 cup sizes. its not uncomfortable at all. It regulated my period. Much easier than the pill, you put it in, then you can forget about it for 3 weeks. But the BEST THING for me was that it cleared my acne. 

CONS: I am moody, more depressed, will cry for any little thing. I have always been 110 pounds my whole life with tiny fluctuations now I&#039;m heading towards 125 pounds! No sex drive at all. Broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years because we never had sex. It gives me constant BV and daily vaginal discharge which is the worst side effect to me. 
 
I have decided to stop it. I&#039;m sick of having BV, and I don&#039;t want to gain any more weight."
"Worst experience was given as generic for viorele . Headache nausea vomiting lightheadiness in 2nd week . First week increased acne like acne I&#039;ve never had before in my life . Had to stop . Also increased my mood swings .  Must of been an inactive ingredient because had no problem with viorele except wearing contacts and they have same active ingredients. Worst experience to date with birth control ."
"I have pretty severe social anxiety, always have. I have tried a lot of SSRI as well as other drugs over the years. Gabapentin is the only drug that makes me feel at ease. I also take small amounts of Xanax before situations that make me especially nervous. I find that Gabapentin changes my personality somewhat though. I get angry, have paranoid thoughts and tend to believe unrealistic things, and generally care about everything less (which is good and bad). It can be difficult to maintain motivation and concentration to get necessary tasks completed. I have a job in which I have to interact with people a lot and even hold meetings. The positive effects of the gabapentin really make the negative effects tolerable."
"Paid $90 to see the doctor and $90 for the prescription and it didn&#039;t help at all.  

The doctor said I would need to come in monthly for monitoring so this cost would be an ongoing cost (if I was fortunate enough to be one of those people who actually lost weight).

So IF I had continued on this medication and IF it were to have worked and IF I lost the &quot;average&quot; weight of 12 pounds in 56 weeks then it would cost me $2340.00 to lose 12 pounds over one year from now.

I consider this medication to be a waste of time and money."
"Pain #9-10 have DDD, neck fusion, severe osteoarthritis as in S1 joints gone, 5 bulging discs, Fibromyalgia and have been in Chronic pain for 10 years now. After telling my doctor that the usual treatment does not work on me and generics don&#039;t work at all he tried the Belbuca. First 2 days @ 600 mcg per day made me  feel a little better, pain #8 but started feeling dizzy, confused, and heart started racing like crazy. Not sleeping soundly, having nightmares, up and down all night and the pain is worse now."
"My experience on the pill is going okay I&#039;m on my 3rd pack no bleeding, just spotted for a hour I get cramps when it&#039;s time for my period to come I notice I became more emotional lately I fee like crying a lot, when someone tells me something I get really sensitive, my boobs get sore and they have gone up in  cup size, I get acne  when it&#039;s time for my period but that&#039;s it, my hunger has been the same, when it&#039;s that time I crave fried foods. I like the pill just wish I wasn&#039;t so emotional,  my sex drive it&#039;s awesome. Hopefully I will get my a irregular period."
"Just had the IUD put in this morning. I didn&#039;t really feel pain more intense pressure like someone put something really heavy on my stomach, I thought I might throw up  but ended up being fine. I didn&#039;t have any medication beforehand besides the numbing lidocaine. It was pretty uncomfortable when she had to measure my uterus but I didn&#039;t even feel her put in the IUD. All in all I would say it was maybe a 6/10 for 2 mins. Walking afterwards definitely helped relieve some of the pressure/discomfort. I would describe it as having medium period cramps. I went right back to work and took an extra strength Motrin and feel totally fine."
"I have lost 6.3 lbs in 3 days. Yay."
"I&#039;ve experienced major depression along with high anxiety. Lexapro has been FANTASTIC for me in helping to get rid of my depression AND helping my anxiety significantly. I&#039;ve tried Prozac, and compared to the two Lexapro has given me much less side effects, has not interacted with other drugs I take, works faster, and has given me my life back. Overall, I think anyone who is suffering with depression, but also has high anxiety can definitely benefit from this drug. It&#039;s been great for me and I think it&#039;s worth a shot for anyone who isn&#039;t having much luck with other SSRIs."
"I have had the Implanon since December 21, 2009. I am overall satisfied with it except I have had lots of bleeding. I started bleeding from the first day I got it for 5 weeks then had one normal period a month later,  and now I am going on my 5th straight week of bleeding again and had to be put on estrogen to help stop the bleeding.  You wouldn&#039;t think I sound very satisfied but I haven&#039;t had any hormonal, weight or sex drive problems which is my problem with all the other types of birth control.  This is a side effect that they warn you about when you get it, but your body should adjust within the first year so I am waiting it out with my fingers crossed! Recommended but be prepared for the possible side effects."
"I took a single dose Diflucan a few days ago after developing an agonizing yeast infection, thanks to round of antibiotics, compiled with an allergic reaction to a product I had used called Yeastaway (never again!). Once the Diflucan kicked in- boy, did it work- it was like night and day. By the hour, the swelling, itching, and discharge was going down. I went from pure itching hell (tearing apart the freezer looking for something to ease the agony) the night before to a calm, restful night the following day. I&#039;ve never noticed any negative physical side effects.

My only frustration was that this took 2.5 solid days to start working... topical creams made me itch more, and I started to wonder if the Diflucan would ever work at all."
"Wow, Chantix might have saved my life. I have been on Chantix for 14 days and have been completely smoke free for 5 full days. This is after smoking for nearly 15 years (I am 31) and smoking nearly 3 packs a day the last few years. What amazes me the most is how easy it was to quit once I decided it was my time. The ONLY major side effect from Chantix that I have had are vivid dreams. They do not occur every night, but when they occur they can be rather disturbing. If I don&#039;t eat before taking Chantix, I get a little nauseous but it doesn&#039;t last that long and is completely tolerable! Regardless, it would take a lot more than vivid dreams and minor nausea to make me stop taking Chantix, since it has pretty much given me my life back!"
"Drysol is one of those rare cases where the product works exactly as advertised. The first day I used it, I already saw a dramatic difference in my sweating. And I am not talking just a little bit less sweat, I am talking literally none. Application is as simple as putting it on before you go to bed (a few dabs on each armpit) and then showering in the morning.

Now, there are two small flaws to this product:

1. As some others had mentioned, Drysol can be a little irritating to the skin. The applied area might sting a little or be itchy, but it&#039;s nothing terrible.

2. Because Drysol is essentially closing the pores in your armpits to achieve results, this does lead to more sweating in some areas, if you have heavy forehead/back sweat."
"I have been taking 10 mg per night for 29 years. It relaxes me so I can sleep for 4-5 hrs tops."
"Saved my life!!!"
"I got the implant in November. Bleeding was expected. I&#039;ts now June and I am ALWAYS bleeding. I&#039;ve been sticking it out for 8 months now hoping my body will cope with the new medicine. Looks like its not happening. I just got done bleeding for almost a week 3 days ago, went to the bathroom because of cramps and of course there was blood. 
As far as it actually protecting against pregnancy I wouldn&#039;t know because my significant other passed away a few months after a minor procedure. This thing sucks. I would never recommend it to anyone."
"I&#039;ve been on it for almost 2 weeks now. So far it seems to be okay. However it has already decreased my sex life, significantly, in 2 weeks. "
"I took this 2 hours ago and I feel like this is double suicide!!! It burns so much and is so itchy! This pain is worse then going into labour! I hope whoever invented this, rots in hell and gets a giant satan fork shoved in the ass! I took a shower and wiped so many times but didn&#039;t help! I also took a shower and that didn&#039;t help ether! I&#039;m going to take 100 cubes of ice in a zip lock bag and try to relax! I recommend eating lots yogurt! This thing is horrible!"
"nothing you can lose at all with this pills  - only your money ,even with very strict diet"
"My mother was on this IV treatment for about 3yrs  when she was first diagnosed with Multiple Myeloma. The only side effect at the time was nausea. 3yrs later she is now experiencing Osteonecrosis of the jaw due to this treatment. I guess my view on it is the treatment is it helped at the time to prevent any more lesions but now the bone in her jaw is dying and causing lots of pain. She just had surgery on her jaw to remove the dead bone and hopefully heal."
"I took Celexa for 2 weeks and quit because the side effects are INSANE. I rolled for the first 3 days. I felt AMAZING... waves of euphoria, pretty dancing rainbows, everything sensory felt incredible BUT I had no emotion or empathy and only cared about feeling good and stopped caring about people in my life or work. Had no regard for consequences, yelled at people who &quot;ruined my vibe&quot;, refused to help people at work. Day 3 I jumped from 6 cigarettes a day to a pack and a half because it felt so good to smoke. Treated my husband as a personal servant only there to make me feel good and yelled at him if I was slightly bothered. No anxiety at all, but turned me into a hedonistic jerk who cared about nothing but immediate sensory gratification."
"Started taking Felbatol in October 1995. Until then had been on several medications, nothing would stop my seizures, not even a combinations of medicines. By April 1996 I was almost seizure free. For over 17 yrs I have been seizure free. No one, unless they have experienced this, can imagine the change in all of our lives."
"I started contrave on Feb 2 2017, since then I am down 14lbs. I only eat when I am hungry and I stopped craving foods. The only side effected I experience was crazy dreams. I stopped smoking 2 years ago and gained all my weight, not only am I losing weight, it stopped cigarette cravings. It has made me more alert of my surroundings plus making healthy decisions. I&#039;m now taking 4 pills a day and I love it. If you have struggled to lose weight I highly suggest that you give this a chance."
"Absolutely the best method to stop, I have stopped smoking with Champix 4 months ago and I am happy chappy chips :D"
"Excellent - comfortable to use, soothing on use of product, unlike others, as the foam soften and lubricates the insertion, my problems were healed much more quickly using this treatment than any other. If you suffer you know what agony it can be yet this treatment has worked wonders."
"I&#039;ve tried, quite literally, every medication there is for panic disorder and Klonopin is the only one that works for me.  After being confined to just two rooms in my house for a year (yes... I was scared to go into the other rooms), I&#039;m now able to go outside and even drive up to twenty miles from my house without a &quot;support person&quot; (three years later).  My first panic attack was while driving and I totaled a car, so this has been a MAJOR improvement for me. I am prescribed 2mgs three times daily but only take 500mcgs as needed, unless I&#039;m having a rush of panic attacks and need to take it preemptively for a few days, because I don&#039;t want to develop a low level tolerance.  It&#039;s given me my life back."
"I have been on and off birth control for about 10 years. I&#039;ve tried Mirena, Loestrin 24, Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. I always had a little nausea, but Yaz was the first pill to make me vomit. I&#039;ve been the same size for 10 years but while on Yaz I gained about 15 pounds and went up two cup sizes!  I do have loss of appetite but I&#039;m hungry all the time. What I mean is I don&#039;t want to eat but the hunger is so intense that I have to. 
My period was also never ending. But that may be due to me missing a few pills this month."
"I am a 23 year old female and have suffered from mild/moderate acne since the age of 12 my main problem area is my chin. I have tried every path to clear this including diet/skin care(several different brands)/water/exercise to clear my skin but the only thing that ever works and I find myself going back to is Doxycycline. I have taken it on and off for over 10 years. I wish i could find a more natural path to clear my skin but Doxy is so effective for me and it works within days. I have zero side effects."
"These patches work great for my Neuropathy.  I had great difficulty falling asleep at night due to pain; I put the patches on 1 hour before bed and the pain is greatly reduced.  I too had a problem with the patches staying on, so I use some first aid gauze tape over the top of the patch.  A small price to pay for some pain relief."
"I have been on Nuvaring for approximately 2 years now. I like that it regulates my menstrual cycle, it&#039;s comfortable once it&#039;s inserted. I occasionally have it slip it out but not a lot. It stays in tact during intercourse, my partner doesn&#039;t feel it and effective. There is also an app to use to help you keep up with when it is time to insert it and take it out. The app also helps me know when my period is coming."
"Completely messed up my stomach- constipated, nauseated, vomiting, rectal bleeding.  Agitation, sleep problems and muscle discomfort (restless leg syndrome) upon discontinuation of medication.   

I also believe the increased agitation and abdominal discomfort led to an increase in my blood pressure. "
"Since starting Adderall XR about 6 months ago, I am more focused and headstrong than ever. I can actually DO the things I used to enjoy, such as birdwatching (which requires extreme focus) and practicing music (again, extreme focus). Once my attention locks in, I&#039;m good to go; which is a first! Furthermore, it seems to help with my emotions; I feel more balanced and self confident on it, I don&#039;t feel like such a &quot;headcase&quot; and so emotionally fragile. Kind of sort of a miracle drug. Did it make me suddenly do things I have been putting off, such as cleaning and sorting out paperwork? No. But can I clean and do paperwork with more patience and ease? Yeah. The only side effects I experienced that were negative was extreme appetite suppressment"
"It&#039;s my second day and pretty much I can&#039;t tell the difference honestly from what I&#039;ve seen there&#039;s no difference but I&#039;ll give a update after a week or two and I will tell the HONEST truth! It was expensive so I&#039;m hoping it pays off but from the reviews I&#039;ve saw I seen some Great advice and I will take it but if you want to see my next response look for the code word: #HAPPY In all Caps I will be telling if this gel really worked or not. I am 22 y/o with No children so I will be telling you from my experience."
"Nobody mentions how much money they now have in their wallet because they don&#039;t have to spend anymore on butts! You&#039;re free!"
"Consider something you like. Say, a favorite breakfast food or a place to go with friends. Now think about something you care nothing about, say, the painted lines on a road or the bottom of your kitchen table. Imagine that everything you like, instead of being something nice you enjoy, becomes as unimportant to you as the bottom of your table. Work. Favorite nephew. Friday night. Now you feel nothing either good or bad. That&#039;s depo provera. Yeah you won&#039;t get pregnant but that&#039;s because you won&#039;t care about sex or your mate or anything. Most awful 12 weeks ever. Good news though, you won&#039;t care about your three month period either. Or the enormous blood clots. Or the long term damage like bone density loss and anemia."
"I was to take Cipro for a prostate problem for weeks. I took for approximately two weeks and Achilles in my left leg ruptured completely. This event has changed my life in a very negative way. In 2014 the drug description listed near the end it may weaken tendons. In 2015 the informational sheet list at the top, will cause weakness or rupture of tendons in adults over 60 years of age.
In December 20, 2015 I lost my balance in my garage attic, hit my head on a rafter, knocked me out and a feel thru the Attic floor. 12&#039; and broke my back. I now have 2 -8&quot; rods &amp; 8 screws. My wound on my leg still hadn&#039;t healed so in November 2016 I had the permanent stitch in my Achilles removed, it was infected."
"I&#039;ve tried a lot of migraine drugs and this one didn&#039;t help me."
"I was switched onto apri and I got my period for seven days when before I got it for only 3-5. I get severe cramps, bloating, and heavy periods. I will get spotting for about a week or two after I get my period. It has prevented pregnancy but does not help with any symptoms that come with periods."
"I have had such a horrible experience with this birth control. My anxiety has really spiked as well as depression. I cry for little things and my emotions are all over the place. My face is turning into this blob of break outs that I can&#039;t even get control with facial treatments. I have been on my period for months until I was given a birth control pill to regulate it. It has suddenly stopped working as effectively as before and I am spotting every other day. I don&#039;t even feel comfortable in my own skin anymore. I really liked the idea of the implant, it was an option that I thought was convenient to me and less risky like missing a pill or the condom breaking (like it did before), however, I am starting to feel that the cons outweigh pros."
"I take Xanax 1mg 4 x a day, but I didn&#039;t want to up the dose and was prescribed Buspar; it saved my sanity. No more panic attacks and it made me FOCUS and be able to function normally again."
"My acne was terrible. I felt like I had tried everything and that my next option was going to have to be Accutane (something I really did not want to try!). I tried like 4 different dermatologists before I was finally recommended to try Solodyn and within 2-3 months my acne began clearing and not coming back. I took it for about 6 months and I had a few pimples (but they were nothing like the ones I had before) and some scarring. I started slowing going off the Solodyn by taking half a pill every day and then every other day until I just totally stopped. It&#039;s been about 6 or 7 months since my last Solodyn pill and my skin still looks great. I usually will have one or two small pimples but I usually just spot treat with Epiduo."
"Been on latuda 20mg for almost 3 weeks now. I definitely notice a difference in my mood. I dont feel so heavy and down. Im glad to finally have some relief. I also notice that my anxiety is not as high and im not angry all the time. I hope things go up from here. Im very positive about this medicine."
"I was suffering with anxiety depression and obsessive compulsive disorder when I was 17. It got so bad that I was willing to try anything to help me even if it was just a little bit. I was prescribed paroxetine and the first day I took it, I could not believe how much better I felt. The anxiety was completely gone and the excessive negative thinking and worrying was gone. It was honestly a miracle pill for me. I&#039;m 27 years old now and have been struggling with stress and OCD again. I&#039;m wondering if I should see my doctor to give me a prescription for this again!"
"AS like so many others have posted, I too have had major depression,bi-polar disorder,and anxiety. I&#039;ve been on every med imaginable for these diagnoses and they all have stopped working. My current regimen is Cymbalta 90mg bid and Zyprexa 5mg @bedtime. I now have been taking gabapentin 400mg tid. (I&#039;m also a recovering opiate addict.) anyways, the gabapentin seems to give me a pleasant type of calmness. I am saying tons of prayers that this is the missing piece for me. I&#039;ll try ANYTHING to get my life back. ANYTHING"
"I was prescribed this medication for Pelvic Inflammatory Disease that I got with chlamydia from my cheating ex. I was told to take 2x 500mg tablets and separated intervals along with Doxycycline. The first few days made me so dizzy I couldn&#039;t drive so I returned to the clinic and was told to take them both before bed. I have been taking them for 9 days now the first 8 were okay but today I cannot even leave my bed. Everything is spinning I cannot, I have also experienced a loss in appetite and shall be discontinuing the use."
"Started on Zoloft 25mg and wasn&#039;t effective. Began seeing a psychiatrist who upped it to 150mg in pretty short time. For two years have been at around 100mg. I needed it to get calmed down from all the trauma and panic disorder gone out of control. Zoloft worked great. I got calm learned how to respond and not react, etc. 
There is a down side. Please , please, please don&#039;t stay on this drug for too long or go up high on the mg like I did. Weaning off kicks your butt. It is pretty serious withdrawal. Keep that in mind. Look it up. See what people endure getting off Zoloft. It&#039;s awful. 
Getting off your brain goes into chaos. Brain jabs and dizziness are common which is no fun when you already have a panic disorder. Research!!!!"
"I was prescribed this one year after a microdiscectomy on my lumbar spine.  The pain was pretty strong and Vicodin didn&#039;t really give any relief."
"I&#039;m 21 and unfortunately have had this condition for awhile but just recently seeked treatment for it. This is the only medication I have tried so far but it is pretty decent and helps the majority of the time. I really have no side efffects except occasionally dry mouth. It also cause constipation so I also have to take laxatives on the side. Overall, I have had no problems on it."
"This cream is good, however I am now getting stinging feeling around my face. This could be down to me using a cleanser beforehand."
"I have a severe back condition which has resulted in chronic lower back pain for more than 25 years. I was using oxycodone (Oxycontin) and other pain related drugs until I developed a very severe allergic reaction. I started on Duragesic 50mcg Patch which I have tolerated with only the very minor side effect of mild constipation about once every 2 - 3 months. I have moved to the Duragesic 100mcg patch for the past 4 %u2013 5 years, this medicine is a true wonder. I am able to adjust my dosage from between 50 to 100mcg as required, and the most important thing is that I can lead a normal life mostly pain free. The patch lasts between 48 to 72 hours dependent upon my activity, if I sweat the patch only lasts 48 hours."
"Ok so this review is for the women who are mothers like myself and all you keep reading are these horror stories about how painful the process was. I had skyla inserted this morning I was very nervous because all I kept reading was how painful it was. I took 800mg of ibuprofen because that&#039;s what they told me when I scheduled the appointment. The whole process took about 5 minutes including the Pap smear and the actual placement I felt ABSOLUTELY NOTHING not a thing (thank goodness!!) no cramping, no bleeding nothing the Pap smear was more uncomfortable but that&#039;s just me. It&#039;s been a few hours since my appointment and I feel great honestly, let&#039;s see how the next days go. I am a mother of 2 with my newborn being 7 weeks old I&#039;m 23yrs old"
"This has been the worst experience with birth control I&#039;ve ever had. From 2 month long periods, to having the worst acne of my life at 23, I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to my worst enemy. If I could give zero stars, I would. Since the moment I&#039;ve gotten nexplanon, I&#039;ve been broken out so bad with painful, cystic acne that no miracle of skin care or diet seems to touch. Before this, I&#039;ve always taken the pill, and would occasionally get a pimple or two, but I&#039;ve never had an ongoing problem with acne until now, at 23 years old... I also get random pains in my arm where the implant is, and I have to be careful not to stretch my arm out too far, or bump it on things. I also have much worse mood swings. Now counting down the days until it&#039;s removed"
"I am now exactly one month in. My start weight was 301 and I am now at 278! Hooray! The only side effects I still have are dry mouth, nasty taste in my mouth, and jitters from time to time. I will update again in one month :)"
"I&#039;ve had a lot of pains over the past few years due to computer-centric lifestyle. My rear shoulder/shoulder blade pain started to become unmanageable with my Lyrica+Tramadol. Most of my pains are a nervy/burning. I decided to try Nortriptyline. Started with 10mg and worked up to 100mg after months (started working at 25mg).  Saved my life at that time when I was miserable.  It wasn&#039;t 100%, and had a bunch of mild side effects, but made things manageable. Side effects: weight gain (huge appetite), urinary retention, dry nose/mouth, some drowsiness (bad at first, but got better), reduced motor control (jerks), orthostatic hypotension. Trying to stop to see if pain comes back, and so far so good (side effects have reduced -- esp. appetite)."
"I wish I would have taken this medicine years ago. It took my life imploding (breakup with fiance who I truly love) to open my eyes. He couldn&#039;t deal with my extreme mood swings, irrational jealousy and constant negative thoughts anymore.  I started taking Zoloft by recommendation of a new doctor, taking 100mg. I have now been taking it for 5 weeks and it is amazing.  I actually noticed a difference within 2 days. Its like I used to have a constant negative &quot;soundtrack&quot; running through my head all the time. It&#039;s like all those negative things came to a screeching halt. I still feel and care, but I don&#039;t have this negative down feeling any more like I did.  It is amazing, I feel like life and the world is bright and good again."
"Creon is great. If I do not take it I suffer severe pain."
"This medicine is somewhat effective for me. I made the mistake of taking it before bed (I wish my doctor had warned me) and experienced a racing heart/was up most of the night. It did clear my sinuses, but not for 12 hours straight. I woke up at around 6 am (having taken the medicine around 11 pm) with my nose entirely clogged again. I&#039;m going to take Mucinex D again today, but not at night. I guess I&#039;ll just have to suffer tonight rather than be a complete insomniac."
"First injection, almost fainted, severe headache and severe blood pressure increase. Second injection, severe headache and blood pressure increase,went to ER.  I&#039;ve had to go on blood pressure meds after injections four moths ago. My BP was normal to low prior to injections. I refused third knee injection."
"I&#039;m a 49 yrs. woman and I have a different situation than most. I have ICC. Mine is caused by a rare auto- immune liver disease. I have stage 4 scarring of the bile ducts that run through my liver. The enzymes try to get to the food to help digest but it runs into a scarred liver. The process of breaking down food takes so long for me that food just doesn&#039;t move fast enough. That&#039;s how I get backed up and so distended in my belly.I look 6mo. pregnant sometimes. I can&#039;t say enough about Linzess. It&#039;s helped me so much. I have to take my dose at night so I can be close to the bathroom as many times as I need to be..Usually within 2-4 hours, I hear gurgling, nothing painful and yep..time to go...Lol! I&#039;m thrilled and feel so much better!"
"I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 8, and I&#039;m 17 now. I got off Zyprexa about 6 years ago, and I&#039;m still having issues with my eating habits. When I started taking this pill I easily gained 110 lbs. in the first year."
"I started out with 5 mg and it helped 90%.  After three months I asked for 10 mg&#039;s and I&#039;ve been taking it for about 2 months but I don&#039;t think its helping as much as the 5mg was.  Odd.  I plan on asking to go back down to the 5 mg.  My side affects are stuffed up nose and dry mouth.  The side effects were not bothersome until about 2 weeks ago.  Stuffy nose is driving me nuts.  I have a humidifier running, air purifier running and took some sinus congestion medicine....not working.  Weather is getting colder here and just starting to use the heat...I think that is what did my nose in with the combination of vesicare.  Don&#039;t get me wrong...this medication is awesome.  It&#039;s such a relief.  The only time I leak now is when I cough."
"I would give this drug a 10 if it didn&#039;t make me gain a little weight.  I have had depression my whole life and also have ADD and OCD.  It seems to be helping with my depression AND my OCD.  I am not taking any other anti-depressants and maybe that is the key.  I know it&#039;s supposed to be an add on, but my Dr. said I could take it alone.  I am also taking Sam e which only helps a bit.

I have been taking Rexulti for only about a month.  It started working after only a few days and I hope it doesn&#039;t stop working.  I have taken so many other anti depressants all with side effects or they only worked for a while.  I have even had Trans cranial Magnetic Stimulation and it didn&#039;t work for me. :("
"I have tried 95% of the other ones. To me none obviously worked if I had to add 4-5 opiates with it to get &#039;some&#039; relief. I was &#039;very&#039; skeptical about trying another. Last month I ran out and life was being too busy to allow me to get to the pharmacy. I didn&#039;t think 1 or 2 doses would make a difference. None of the others would have. I was in the most excruciating pain I have had for years. I had forgotten what fibromyalgia could really feel like. As long as it continues to work in body I will not miss any doses."
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin now for 7 months. Started off at 150 mg and in 4 weeks increased it to 300 mg because if I took the 150 mg in the morning ( 7am) by ( 5 pm) I crashed and started feeling hopeless and useless. Before taking Wellbutrin I must admit I was very depressed. Always looking for change and felt useless and hopeless about life, I went up and down from being angry some days then happy some days, then sad other days. (Emotional wreck) lol. I wasn&#039;t my sociable self. I would go to work, go to school, then go home. Friends would call to hang out and I would sadly decline. From my experience of being on Wellbutrin it has helped me a great deal.  I feel normal now and more sociable. Just to add it also helps with my ADD. :)"
"I took this a few hours ago and it helped a lot.  I have been trying miralax the past few weeks and it didn&#039;t work as fast as this."
"I have had significant leg pain for a long time.  This medication took about 1-2 months to start working, but then it was great.  I could run on the treadmill at much faster speeds and for much longer - when previously I&#039;d have cramps.  Also, standing stationary used to be painful after 5-10 minutes - but this also improved.  The only problem is that this medication can cause anxiety and insomnia since it is derived from xanthine (chemical &quot;cousin&quot; of caffeine).  This is listed as a rare side effect on the drug insert, but I have heard it is more common from my doctor.  

I was actually given this for Peyronie&#039;s disease (off-label), but it didn&#039;t do much for that.  It is supposed to inhibit TGF-beta (a cytokine) - decreasing scar tissue."
"It&#039;s day two today and I have been running a high fever, I have the chills, extreme nausea, and I feel dizzy to the point of passing out. My UTI symptoms are still very much there. I&#039;ve missed three days of work now. I&#039;ve taken it with a big bowl of soup every time now as well. All I want to do is sleep. I&#039;m pretty sure I slept over ten hours today so far, and I&#039;m starting to get a headache now."
"So I&#039;m on my third one and in so much pain, looking for relief ideas when I come across this. Before reading everyone&#039;s experience I thought something was wrong with me. I&#039;m thinking this is the worst YI I have ever had! I now realize why. And it&#039;s only getting worse! It won&#039;t stop itching! This is horrible!"
"Just great. I do not use the prescribed amount (0.5mg every 8 hours or every 4 hours as needed). I have not used for a week now but just took 1/2 pill and 25 minutes later I feel good."
"I&#039;ve got two issues going now irritable bowel syndrome - or at least they are pretty sure that is what it is - sour stomach and bloating and lots of gas - plus urinary urges from prostate surgery. The IBS symptoms started in Oct (4 months ago). I am 68 yr old Male. Dr. prescribed the Amitriptyline last week and I&#039;m on my fourth day of 10 MG before bed. I sleep sounder than ever and get up after 8 hours but tired, trying to eat healthy breakfast (oatmeal, toast and coffee - gotta have my coffee). Getting some late morning headaches and some of day better than others. I do not have diarrhea but some constipation. Not sure how many days before I know it works. I really feel for those of you who posted that you&#039;ve had IBS for YEARS!"
"I recently had an episode where my anxiety problem showed itself. I was hesitant to seek medical help or take any prescriptions. I am now very happy that I did. The medication settles me down and takes the edge off. I have not experienced any side effects. Actually, I don&#039;t even notice the meds doing anything. So I stopped for two days. That was a mistake. I quickly got really irritable and started experiencing anxiety by the end of the second day. So I started up again and it immediately went away. I hadn&#039;t realized that for most of my life, anxiety was getting in the way of thinking clearly. Now I&#039;m a believer."
"I have been taking this medication at a prescribed dose of 3200mg a day. I have now had to come off it as the side effects I have had were quite severe. Vomiting, headaches, dizziness, lack of sleep, very moody to name a few."
"Just recently have got Depo subQ provera for the first time--(at the same time my best friend has gotten the regular Depo-Provera shot)--I haven&#039;t had any side effects: no mood swings, no weight gaining, nothing. While she&#039;s had some mood swings going on. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s because it&#039;s a different Depo or just because I&#039;m a different person, but I&#039;d recommend this to people. Plus it&#039;s a much smaller needle that goes in your stomach instead of your arm."
"I started this medicine almost a week ago, before oral surgery) and I must say that biggest side effect I experienced was feeling sick to the stomach and loss of appetite. I have learned that you must take this with a glass of water and don&#039;t lay down right after."
"This birth control has been great.  I&#039;ve used the pill, Depo, as well as the Nuvaring but this is by far the best.  I&#039;ve had it for 3 months now and haven&#039;t had any problems.  On other birth control methods I&#039;ve experienced mood swings, irregular bleeding and weight gain.  I highly recommend Implanon if you&#039;re tired of side effects.  It&#039;s also the best option for smokers.  The insertion caused some anxiety for me but it was over quickly and essentially painless."
"I love Seroquel but not the XR type. Helps you to sleep well at night and wake up feeling great. Gives you major munchies at night and woke up with Reeses Pieces all over the bed.  Does help with a lot on highs and lows. So for me it&#039;s worth a little weight gain.  Overall this medicine has changed my life."
"Since I&#039;m on this medication, my bipolar 2 symptoms have  disappeared and life became much easier for me. Since than, I live a much active and  healthier life . I was diagnosed at the age of 57 years old...After years of problematics I finally look at life in a more positive way."
"My son took Risperdal for 8 years. Then developed Tardive Dyskinesia/Dystonia 
He had to have surgery to insert  Deep Brain Stimulator to help control his movement disorder."
"I can honestly say I hate this form of birth control I never would get a period until a few months ago and for the past 2 months it has been non stop my mood swings are everywhere I&#039;m gaining weight like crazy this birth control is not even worth it."
"Worked great for my fibro pain, but if I miss a dose I am very ill, everything from restless legs syndrome, pain all over, diarrhea, coughing and sneezing, and insomnia."
"I&#039;ve had gout flare attacks since I was 27, I am 39 now. The latest one started a week ago and I took Tylenol and ibuprofen alternately, the pain seemed to subside but suddenly got really bad a couple of days ago. I went to the ER and they gave me some steroids and a prescription for indomethacin and hydrocodone. The good news is that I&#039;m able to sleep but the bad news is that the swelling remains the same, so don&#039;t know how long it&#039;s going to take to get better. I cut my sugar intake because that&#039;s said to be number one. Fingers crossed. Is it the hydrocodone or the indomethacin helping me sleep, I don&#039;t know. I have one more hydrocodone left, will see after that :)"
"If you take SSRI&#039;s (antidepressants) for anxiety and/or depression, watch it while on this medicine.  In addition to the dizziness, lightheadedness, and stomach problems, it might reduce the overall effectiveness of your SSRI."
"I have fairly bad post nasal drip and sinus congestion from seasonal allergies. Norel cleared my sinuses out almost completely and my nasal breathing greatly improved (not just dried out often like Mucinex does but actually CLEARED my sinuses). It was very quick to work and did not make me drowsy at all."
"I&#039;m pregnant then found out I have chlamydia took 4 pills yesterday (different times not at once) I didn&#039;t feel any symptoms of the infections or after feel bad I did feel like I needed to throw up but never happened. I just hope my baby will be okay."
"I have suffered from Fibromyalgia for over 20 years and never even knew about the condition until I was diagnosed by my rheumatologist.  After years of suffering from flu like symptoms, fatigue, and overall muscle and joint pain, I finally agreed to try the medication. I only take Tylenol for the pain and was reluctant to go on any type of medication.  My doctor prescribed the Savella trial pack which started with 12.5 mg and up.  Other than slight nausea in the first week, I have never felt better in my life.  I wake up in the morning pain and stiffness free.  I thank God for Savella and hope that it works for other people as it has worked for me.  Still on the 12.5 after two months and am doing great!"
"As a mother of nothing but girls this really scared me. If your family had a history of blood clot, miscarriages, etc don&#039;t put your daughter/your self on an estrogen pill that has ethinyl estradiol in it. They gave her samples to take for 6 months. My daughter was on this pill for 3 months or less and ended up in the hospital with a blood clot in her lung. It was given to her to regulate her periods. This is horrible and would like all you women and young ladies to do your research and family history before starting any birth control. Now she has to suffer everyday with 2 shots of blood thinners possibly for life."
"I was on several different more common anxiety medicines and they would wear off to quickly. Tranxene seams to be more stable and consistent levels in my body. Very helpful."
"I do not have a colon anymore (surgically removed due to pre-cancerous condition).  I have had problems with chronic diarrhea since. Was recently prescribed Lomotil after a particularly severe bout of diarrhea which landed me in the hospital. Lomotil works great, no unpleasant side effects for me. careful to use only as much as needed though as too much might make you constipated which is why I&#039;m giving it an  8/10. Otherwise, it&#039;s a lifesaver. I have been able to resume my regular life, no longer being a prisoner in my home due to fear of going out and not being able to get to a bathroom quickly enough."
"This is the easiest by far. Do not worry, easy tasting (comparatively), worked just like everyone said it would, no worries, no cramps, no nausea. And I am the biggest chicken.I will never fear colon prep again."
"My dermatologist put me on this and Aczone.  I was 85% clear in just two weeks!  I&#039;m over 30."
"Suffer from severe fibromyalgia. Moderate neuropathy of legs. Take baclofen 10mg - 6x daily. It does give me complete relief, but had to titrate to this dose, started out 30 mg a day, but fell back for a couple weeks to 20mg. Caused drowsiness, and some pretty strong voluntary muscle twitching."
"Have tried several other medications, one week of Cloderm symptoms decreased considerably."
"I have acid reflux and Plavix is effected by Proton Pump Inhibitors since it has to be digested to be effective. Effient does not need this. This has really reduced my acid reflux distress."
"This is the second time I took Plan b, and let me tell you....it is effective but messes up your hormones and ph . I took plan b 3 weeks ago oct 16.. 5 days later i got what i thought was my period , that lasted for 17 days. Bleeding for 17 days was a nightmare. the first time I took plan b i got my period 5 days later and then again every 2 weeks for 2 months followed by a yeast infection. Now I think my period is over finally after 17 days i am spotting very lightly with yet another yeast infection. never once in my life have i had a yeast infection except for after taking plan b. I personally will never take it again  ."
"I have been taking the 3mg lunesta for 4 days now and still no sleep. The only plus side is my insurance would not pay for it and the generic 30 day was $128. My pharmacist called the manufacturer and got me 12 coupons for $100 off. Going to keep trying it for a few more nights, been reading up on it and it seems the worse the insomnia the longer it takes for it to work. I have gone weeks with no sleep my longest was 18 days of zero sleep the dark circles around my eyes were so dark I looked like a raccoon."
"Started on 750mg , then reduced to 450mg ,due to pericarditis and diarrhea."
"I was really suicidal before I started this and its helped me a LOT. I take this for my anxiety also and I don&#039;t find that it helps but it does help with my depression. I had problems with self harm and ripping my hair out before I started lexapro and I haven&#039;t relapsed on that. This medication has also helped a ton with my anger issues."
"Trintellix has really made a difference in my life. I have terrible depression. I was suicidal and even slit my wrists because I felt hopeless. My doctor gave me this new medicine and I have been taking it for about 4 weeks now. I am not suicidal anymore. I love my life. I even have more energy now and my anxiety seems to have magically disappeared. I can actually have conversations with people and look at them in the eye. Only thing is, I have gained about 5 lbs. But other than that, this is great!"
"I&#039;m so disappointed....why oh why does this not work for me? I started drinking 3 weeks after the implant...went for a second implant and started drinking without any reaction to the alcohol? Why do out of millions of succcess stories this does not work for ME!!!!"
"I was on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo for about five years. It was fantastic, no problems at all. My insurance switched me to Tri Lo Sprintec and initially I was excited because its fully covered. The first month was fine, and then the breakouts started. They have gradually gotten worse. I gave it six months to see if things would settle down, but they haven&#039;t at all. I&#039;m broken out on my chest, back, all up my neck and behind my ears, along my jaw and forehead. I even had a huge zit on my earlobe this week. These are not normal breakouts. I&#039;m so disappointed in this generic and I&#039;m switching."
"My grandson has been on this for over a month. He is a different person, when he is on this. He is not a good eater and never has been so the doctor weighs him a lot. He is only 5 but you could not stand the person he was without medication. He takes this with Vyvanse and it is great!"
"I have been on Viberzi for 4 full days now. so far, the drug has been just OK for me. the first 2 days i had zero BMs but I was gassy and the 3rd day I went 4x in an hour, my normal bad morning. the 4th day I felt great all day, no BM though. This morning, day 5, I have had multiple bowel movements before taking my morning dose. It seems for me that my evening dose does not last me well into the morning, and I may just have to move the time i take it from 7 or 8 pm to later in the day. Right now my results are really mixed. I&#039;m not fixed at all, but over the course of 5 days I&#039;ve had more bearable days than I used to. Hoping continued use is better."
"I&#039;ve been using nuvaring for about 3 months now and love it! Birth control pills made me really sick so I stopped taking them. A few months later I got a nuva ring and I&#039;ve had none of the same symptoms. Only thing I&#039;m not a fan of is it gives me some ache, hopefully it will go away with time!"
"Lord have mercy I don&#039;t wish this feeling on nobody!!!!!! I took two tablets at bedtime around 2:30am woke up to stomach cramps, cold sweat, shaking, nauseated &amp; feeling faint!!! I been on the toilet for a hour rocking back &amp; forward praying. Omg feel like I&#039;m about to die!!!!! I will NEVER in my life take another one anymore. I&#039;m so weak &amp; in pain!! I feel terrible and am thinking about going to the hospital! I got a trashcan in front of me throwing up &amp; using the bathroom. Never again!!!!!!!!!!"
"If you want absolutely zero anxiety then Xanax/alprazolam are very helpful."
"Tried every common remedy known to man after surgery but nothing worked. Thorazine did the trick in 15 minutes!"
"I was on this pill to make my periods lighter and clear up my acne. It made my periods VERY light, usually lasting less than one day of bleeding, and one day of light spotting. For acne it did wonders, but ONLY when taken with the antibiotic minocycline, together. Both medications on their own did not effect my acne, but when taken together they helped tremendously."
"I call abilify my miracle drug. I have been on a lot of medications in the past, and nothing has worked as well as abilify for stabilizing my mood and reducing paranoia and anxiety. I get a pretty rare side effect called ocular gyric crisis so I take artane as well to counter the side effect and it works well. Although I have a horrible side effect from abilify I am still very happy with it. The only problem is that it is expensive and Medicaid refused to cover it unless I tried 3 other meds from the same family. I am on number 3 (I tried geodon and seroquel and they made me exhausted and am giving risprisol a go) but so far nothing has been as effective as abilify. I am hoping Medicaid will cover it soon. I was on 20mgs daily"
"I&#039;ve had he Mirena for about a month now. I still have the spotting nearly everyday but it&#039;s not terrible. It&#039;s annoying im hoping that stops soon. 

Insertion was painful but I&#039;ve had two kids so it really felt like a moderate labor contraction. It wasn&#039;t unbearable. 

I&#039;m glad I did it! But my partner did say he could feel it during sex which I was a little disappointed to hear. Overall though, so far I&#039;m happy with it!! I had two babies with the Nuva ring so I&#039;m hoping this is 100% more effective "
"I had Mirena for a little over 2 years now and I love it. I got it after my 2nd child. I did not feel any pain or cramping when the doctor inserted Mirena. I have been on the patch, the pill, Depo-Provera way before I got Mirena. I am 28 years old and in a few more years I am going to get this one again. I would definitely recommend to anyone."
"I have used Testim for more than 5 years and at first hated that it was sticky.  The doctor told me to let it dry and then sprinkle powder on it and it solved the issue.  Even when I sweat it will not get sticky.  It has boosted my levels and I have so much more energy."
"Made me very sick to my stomach, couldn&#039;t eat anything without wanting to vomit. 
Sedated too much to the point I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed all day. 
Also gave me insomnia. 
(30 mg)"
"I was on the Patch for almost 6 years and didn&#039;t experience any bad side effects. It was perfect for someone as forgetful as myself. The only cons were the patch may fall off and a rash may develop where the patch was applied.

Two years ago, I switched to the Nuvaring upon my doctor&#039;s recommendation. It was the wrong move. I was on Nuvaring for 3-4 months and gained 10 lbs!

From Nuvaring, I started taking a pill upon my doctor&#039;s recommendation (once again!). I took it for 10 months and experienced terrible side effects, including weight gain and night sweats. 

As soon as I stopped taking the pill altogether, the night sweats stopped. However, my skin started freaking out. I will be consulting with my doctor again about the Patch."
"I went on depo because I have horrible long periods and was constantly forgetting to take my pills which was makin my periods worse. I got my first shot on the first day on my period about a year ago and within two days my period was gone. I spotted a little the next month but haven&#039;t bled at all since! It&#039;s been amazing. I have been very good about getting my shots every 3 months on the day. My body did not react well to estrogen but reacts very well to the hormones in the shot. My acne got slightly worse but I also lost about 10 pounds since I&#039;ve been on it. I love the depo shot! I haven&#039;t had my period or period side effects and almost a year and it&#039;s made my life so much better."
"Started on 15mg 1 week ago now. My very first impressions were awful- I was so tired and groggy, as well as ravenously hungry. I am not sure why I was given this drug; I specifically said I do not have trouble sleeping, in fact, I sleep too much when I am low and I am overweight to boot. Now I have a great excuse to retreat to bed because I am tired a lot of the time and when I am not tired my brain feels foggy and my short term memory is fuzzy. I do physically demanding work that I can&#039;t keep up with well at the moment. As for my mood, I am definitely more irritable and no less low so far but I will give this another week and see what happens."
"I am on my 4th month of Paragard and the horrible cramping/long periods have ended! I usually have very light periods to begin with, so maybe that is why I only had 3 longer than usual periods with this, while other people have that for up to a year.  Either way, I highly recommend!"
"I am currently on generic Subutex (buprenorphine) and have been for 4 years. I take 12-16mg daily.    

Pros: it has helped me get through college and pass with high honors. I went from living in my car &amp; with my mother to having my own beautiful home and 2 new vehicles. I have a good job with benefits and get wonderful reviews from my customers. It has helped me be a better person and rebuild relationships with the people I love the most.

Cons: I am scared of what it is causing behind the scenes in my long term health. I smoke a lot and I am having sore throats a lot. I am scared. I am very high strung and my boss does notice. I try to concentrate and it&#039;s like I have ADD. Weight gain too."
"I have been taking Vyvanse for 3 months now I felt really good on the 30mg but it wasnt lasting all day so my Dr changed me to 40mg last month but I&#039;m no longer able to take it due to the stomach aches and nausea I would get everyday. I&#039;m now back on the 30mg and feeling great."
"I took Wellburtin for 2 months at 100mg to treat bipolar disorder type I.
Wellburtin did help my mood, but I distcontinued due to nausea, dizziness,
and hand tremors."
"I have had RLS for nearly 10 years. I have taken requip, which didn&#039;t do anything. Now I take mirapex, I started out on 0.125 which did nothing. I moved up to 0.5 mg  and have taken that dude for about 9 years. Now, my legs and sometimes my arms go crazy on me during the day. I can&#039;t ride very long in a car because it drives me insane how my legs feel. I get very frustrated fast and become agitated, I often tell my husband I would rather cut my legs off then feel this way. I went to the Dr today, he moved my dose to 1mg, I pray this will help me. I am also suffering from compulsive gambling, weight gain of 25 plus pounds. We need a cure for this horrible disease!!!"
"This drug has changed my life. It has allowed me to focus not only on my job but also things at home that need attention. I feel smarter, I can think better and clearer. I find I tend to make lists and start checking things off the list as they are accomplished. I never start something and do not finish it as I did before. I look forward to it. I enjoy work more. I feel less stress and anxiety. I do not feel it is habit forming. There have been times when I have forgotten to take it and I did not notice it. The only difference is normally when I have taken the drug I don&#039;t have an appetite and when I forget to take it I tend to eat a lot."
"I was addicted to all forms of drugs for 9 years, but my main problem was with the opiates; pain pills, heroin, even opium occasionally. It was seriously ruining my life and was creating more and more problems every day. When I turned 20 I knew I had to make a change or else face death or jail. I was put on Suboxone 8mg 2x a day and my world went from very dark to something that was manageable. Within weeks I was a totally different person, even enrolling to get my high school diploma (I had dropped out in 10th grade). I have been on Suboxone for almost two years and people always tell me that I am just unrecognizable compared to who I was a couple of years ago. I&#039;ve been slowly weaning down and I am now at one 8mg pill a day. It was a blessing!"
"Accutane is a miracle worker! Although its such a hassle to get the medication, what with the restrictions and blood tests and questions, it is completely worth it. I did experience some of the common side effects, those being extremely dry everything, and the occasional headache... and depression. But beyond that it is worth it to no end. I also would suggest not drinking while on Accutane. If you plan on drinking, drink in moderation. The first time I drank on Accutane the next day my face broke out and I got a rash on my arms. "
"Relieves my upset stomach, gas, diarrhea, heartburn, and its affordable."
"I&#039;m changing my review. After more time on Saphris, I started to get disoriented during the day and really paranoid."
"This is just my experiences and opinions. This medication has not helped me much for my anxiety or OCD. I am taking 10 mg once a day,  but now I don&#039;t know if maybe I need to increase my dose or change to something else.  The main problem I am having is that it has not seemed to help me much with my hand washing OCD and now I have become itchy from dry skin and scalp."
"My first 6 months on NuvaRing were wonderful - my doc was using it to treat my symptoms of endometriosis (vomiting, intense cramping, etc). Slowly, over time I noticed my mood (which is normally rock solid) change and I started losing all interest in sex. I thought maybe I just needed more time to adjust to it and now, a year and a half later, I have absolutely no sex drive, am exhausted, and cry/am anxious for no reason. I am switching to something with an even lower dose, hoping to lose some of these side effects. I am generally sensitive to medication so this may be why I had such a bad experience. I just wanted to share my experience since I didn&#039;t get side effects right off the bat - it can take a while for these side effects to emerge."
"I have an extreme dry left eye that drives me crazy for about 2 years can&#039;t wait to get home to wash my eye at night  the right eye is dry per my dr exam but not nearly as bad.  First few days in bad eye felt better off the bat.  I am a sceptic so it really did feel better.  1 month later my really dry left eye feels wonderful.  I was going to use it only in left bad eye due to the cost but once I opened the vial saw how much was in there I decided to use in against drs orders though  I wash my hands and do not touch the dropper at all.  works great for me"
"Enulose has been very efficient in making regular bowel movements. "
"This actually works really well. I just took this because I&#039;ve been having really bad diarrhea pain but no diarrhea and the second I took this it helped. It actually allowed me to go to the bathroom and made my stomach feel 10 times better than it did."
"this is the most amazing thing I have ever used. I suffer from a panic disorder, and 2 months ago I stated 10mg ciraplax. I now only have 1 panic attack every two weeks whereas i was having 2-3 a day. I dont sweat the small stuff anymore and overall have a better quality of life. only long term side effect I have experienced is complete loss of appetite, and noticeable weight loss (was 5&#039;7 and 118lbs before starting medication, so weight loss isn&#039;t beneficial). other then that no noticeable side effects. amazing medication, 100% recommend for anyone suffering from debilitating anxiety"
"I have been taking Effexor XR for about 8 years after suffering a serious mental breakdown. This medicine has given me back my life.  Having said that the UK government have recently told all doctors to prescribe the generic version. THERE IS A HUGE DIFFERENCE, I began suffering terrible headaches, and anxiety again. After speaking to my Consultant Psychiatrist I am now back on Effexor with all the nasty symptoms gone. There really is no substitute for the real thing."
"Stratterra is incredible. I began taking it in 5th grade, after Adderall and Ritalin both failed me. I heard from my doctor that Strattera works for a less percentage of people than stimulants (like Adderall and Ritalin), but if you have had trouble with stimulants, Stratterra is worth a try. I have generalized anxiety disorder, and both Adderall and Ritalin caused me to have spontaneous anxiety attacks. While Strattera does not treat my anxiety, it does not increase it. Strattera will NOT work automatically, like stimulants. It took about a month for my Strattera to work, and in that month I experienced a lot of nausea, drowsiness and headaches. I encourage you to ask your doctor about Strattera if nothing else has worked."
"Does not make me dizzy or overly tired. Most doctors don&#039;t know how to dose it or prescribe it. A lot of doctors don&#039;t know much about shingles either. They know it is for pain so they treat it like a narcotic. It is not habit forming and not a controlled substance. It does take 2 or three days to start working though.  I was misdiagnosed at the ER after I told them I thought it was shingles. They said I had facial cellulitis and put me on the wrong meds for two days, during which I suffered through the peak of the attack.  "
"I started taking yaz because of my severe acne, I&#039;ve had acne now for about 7 years straight I&#039;m now 20 years old and Ive never been able to get rid of it. My GP prescribed me YAZ and I&#039;ve heard really good stories about this particular pill brand, I took this pill for about the 3 months and my god it made my skin break out completely it was horrible my face was sore to touch because of how big my pimples were and most of them were underneath the skin which was worse. 
I since then have stopped and gone to a dermatologist (skin specialist) and have been prescribed Minocycline which is an antibiotic and its 100% cleared my skin completely. 
Note *** I didn&#039;t gain weight on this YAZ."
"This medicine has changed my life as a student and a person."
"This medication is a miracle. I suffered with cystic acne and had breakouts all over my cheeks and jawline. Just after three days of taking the medication, my face was less red. After two weeks, I had no acne. I&#039;ve been taking the medication for three weeks now and I&#039;m so satisfied with the results. I still breakout, but I only get 2-3 pimples now and then. I had no side effects when taking this medication, and for me, it did not make my acne worse before it got better. I recommend this medication for anyone who is suffering from acne!"
"36 year old female diagnosed with ADHD. Started on Concerta 30mg daily (2 weeks), no therapeutic effect but had extreme dry mouth, a crash/grogginess in the evenings. Switched to Adderall XR 20mg daily, no therapeutic effect; experienced dry mouth and slight loss of appetite during day, made up for it in evening. Just started 40mg daily and I feel the therapeutic effect. Profound concentration at work, desire to tweak processes, love getting things done, a non-stop interest in being productive with everything. I have this sense of crystal clear clarity of my surroundings, like HDTV sight. Around 5pm, I still feel a crash and extreme tiredness. I will see if I can take a short acting pill to get me through the evening. VERY PLEASED NOW."
"I think the external cream is what makes everyone burn because when I used it it was the worst sensation I&#039;ve ever had. I applied the suppository like 30 mins ago and it&#039;s a mild burning sensation but nothing too big."
"Not the best tasting stuff but if you drink it fast it&#039;s not so bad. 
I drink a lot of water on a regular basis so it wasn&#039;t as hard to get down the additional fluids.
it has a bit of a bitter aftertaste but it&#039;s manageable. It worked within about 20 minutes for me.
I&#039;m looking forward to taking a good long nap after my procedure this morning."
"Soon after starting Micardis I suffered from dizziness, nausea, irritability and I had no energy.  It continued, then I started shortness of breath.  Was told by my doctor it was not the medication.  I went to a cardiologist and she kept me on it and put me on Imdur.  Then severe headaches occurred.  I&#039;m now going natural and taking my chances."
"After a gastric bypass 7 yrs. ago, have required 5 major small bowel resections, tube feedings, TPN.  Have had GI bleeds, ulcers, obstructions.  Taking the Hydrocodone elixir 30 min. before a meal allows me to eat approximately 3-4 ounces of soft foods without doubling over in pain.  It is like an exposed nerve in my gut without it.  Also have to use a Fentanyl patch for long-term relief.  Biggest mistake in my life was the Gastric Bypass.  I went from 274 to 115 and am now underweight and still losing."
"For those in Canada suffering from chronic pain, the long-acting version, Hydromorph Contin, is wonderful when combined with the Dilaudid for breakthrough pain. I take 9mg (6mg   3mg pills) twice a day, plus the 4mg of dilaudid for the breakthrough pain. Only bad thing I can say about it is that my tolerance level for this, and other medications, is very high. And I&#039;m only 27 years old."
"Was prescribed gabapentin for general anxiety and also to help deal with an exceptionally stressful living situation.  Only take 600 mg. later in the day and most definitely am able to comfortably relax in a way I wasn&#039;t always able to. Did notice kind of a &quot;swimmy&quot; spaced out feeling and not always able to keep an even keel while walking.  But I&#039;m willing to accept that because I greatly appreciate the peace of mind it affords me."
"OK, I had taken my 29th pill the day I had my blood work.  The blood work came back negative after my 28th pill of Harvoni.  YES!  This medicine works!  I got 25 more days left of taking it.  I am so glad we have the technology to beat this!  Now we just need a cure for cancer!"
"It did not help me. I still have very bad back pain, and cannot do anything around the house."
"I just got my Nexplanon taken out after the full 3 yrs and the same day I got another one put in. I LOVE this birth control! I totally understand that everyone reacts differently to things but I truly believe it is worth sticking it out for the first 6 months and THEN decide if you want it taken out. Nexplanon helped me clear up my acne and controlled my weight and I had barely any periods throughout the 3 years I was on it. It is amazing to not have to stress out about a pill every day and not have to go pick up a prescription every month. The ONLY downside is getting it taken out takes a little while and if you&#039;re squeamish it can be a little uncomfortable but the insertion is so quick and easy you barely even notice it happening! love it"
"It has worked very well for me. I have insurance but I have to pay $202 a month for 60mg."
"Beyaz has helped with my sudden outbreak of adult acne, just like my previous birth control I got off of over a year ago.  However, my period cramps are about the same as if I wasn&#039;t on birth control at all.  No severe side effects, but would like to see improvement in this area.  Slight nausea when first taking it at night, but taking it in the morning with food seemed to eliminate the nausea.  

Not bad, but could be better.  "
"I was prescribed this drug after a car 1996 accident which I had several skull fractures and brain injuries etc.  Was kept in coma for weeks to allow brain rest and healing.  This drug has had me totally controlled as a hostage to this.  3 days ago I finally finished taking this drug after a 3 night reduction of med. and I am feeling weird yet not too bad either and am using 3mg melatonin twice a night  and am getting  some sleep w/o xanax!!!!  I am free now and will not be a slave to this forever!"
"I have been on Low-Ogestrel-28 for a year now, and I am very happy with them. Before getting on birth control I would have heavy periods and my cramping was horrible. It was irregular too. Now I get my period exactly every 28 days. I don&#039;t cramp at all and I do not have any side effects at all. Me and my boyfriend feel safe with this birth control and I haven&#039;t had no bad experience it with. I will continue to use this until I decide to have kids."
"Had terrible dreams like they were actually real. Felt like I was in a cloud all the time"
"I&rsquo;ve been taking mononessa for a month and a half, since day one I noticed a slight headache I didn&rsquo;t pay much attention to it since I thought it was just balancing my hormones. The following weeks went by and my headache got worse by the time my period came I experienced cramps very bad cramps making me cry (30 year old crying worst period ever) I called my doctor and told her my symptoms she told me that it was normal that eventually my body would get use to the medication. Once again I&rsquo;m on month two second week I&rsquo;ve been experiencing terrible heart burn, diarrhea, vomiting &amp; extreme headache so I threw them away. If your taking this pill I hope it works for you it didn&rsquo;t for me :("
"Lowered blood pressure to acceptable level but a major side effect developed with extreme fatigue and muscle pain. These were painful enough that ability to work and perform normal life tasks were difficult."
"I have stage 4 endometriosis and have had laproscopic surgery to remove it from my pelvis/abdomen but I also have it throughout my bowel and it has penetrated all the way through. My doctor has put me on Zoladex for 9 months and I am on month 4. It has helped to manage my pain so far, initially it had taken virtually all of the pain away but within the last month it has slowly been resurfacing but it is still better than when I don&#039;t take it at all. The hot flashes, flushing, slight weight gain, night sweats, trouble sleeping, muscle aches, moodiness, anxiety, vaginal dryness and lack of sex drive are all bothersome but it beats being in constant pain and I know that the symptoms are temporary. I would definitely recommend Zoladex for endometriosis pain."
"It works. After months of seeing it on TV, I thought I&#039;d give a try, my acne went away quick like within the first few days."
"The medication helped my pain and did not increase my appetite. But I ended up in the hospital with 75% of the side effects including irregular heart rate and low potassium levels. "
"I had my Kyleena placed a little over a month ago, and it has been wonderful. I switched from the NuvaRing to the IUD due to irritation. The insertion was only a tad painful, but I did experience vasovagal syncope. After laying down for 15 minutes and drinking some juice, I was good to drive home. The spotting went down after the first two weeks and is now only occasional. Except the spotting, I love it. Recommend for anyone who does not want to deal with remembering a pill every day, getting something inserted in their arm, or changing out a ring!"
"Finished the treatment. Killed the virus but I lost all motivation. I was very active and athletic before treatment, but lost all motivation after treatment. Experienced insomnia during and after treatment. I had the feeling of being malnourished despite eating very healthy diet during treatment and somewhat still. I finished my treatment almost a year ago. Not totally happy with this drug."
"After reading many reviews, I fully expected to be nauseated. Checked my work schedule to see when best time was to call in sick so I&#039;d know when to start. Bought Gravel too. Took my first shot last week. Side effects: NONE. Good effects: sugars are rapidly falling. I&#039;m shocked. But very happy. Worth a try."
"Saphris has been a literal life changer for me. I have tried antidepressants in conjunction with mood stabilizers such as lithium and Depakote. I was combating severe depression and mania. When I first started Saphris, I was suicidal and had awful thoughts constantly. Nothing was working. I was on 1000mg of Depakote, which was as high as I could go due to my low body weight. My psychiatrist, who was the 4th psychiatrist I had seen in 6 months, added Saphris to my regimen of Depakote, 30mg of Remeron, and 10mg of Ambien for sleep. Within just a couple of days I felt GREAT! All the bad thoughts disappeared, I no longer want to die, and this medicine did not take away my (manic)creative energy like most other antipsychotics do! MIRACLE for me!"
"Absolutely awful. This pill almost killed me. Gave me lung clot symptoms, migraines, thyroid pains and the worst stomach ailments I&#039;ve ever had. After I&#039;d been on this pill for a year I all of a sudden got a horrible stomach condition where I lost a ton of weight and couldn&#039;t eat for 3 months. I&#039;m 5&#039;7 and this pill caused me to get down to 99lbs. If I didn&#039;t find out in time that it was this retched pill causing my stomach problems, I&#039;d either be in the hospital on an IV or dead. 

Shame on the pharmaceutical companies that release these pills, claiming they&#039;re safe to the public when obviously hundreds of women are getting so sick/dying from these things. I, under a good conscience, could not release a pill like this."
"I had the Mirena inserted 9 months ago, it is now September and boy do I REGRET it! I got it to treat menorrhagia and polyps because I was getting my period every other week and I would have to double up on super tampons and pads. So my doctor recommended the Mirena, well I got it inserted and for the first few months I was bleeding very heavily for 17 days straight and finally when I thought my body got adjust it just didn&#039;t, it goes from bleeding past 31 days! To at least 9 days, it&#039;s honestly terrible. I&#039;ve had horrible back pain and crampin it&#039;s the worst thing I&#039;ve ever experienced, But the worst part is that I&#039;m bleed so much I have become so very anemic . The polyps are gone so I&#039;m going to try to stick it out a little longer."
"I was prescribed yasmin 5 years ago for acne, I&#039;d got that depressed with my acne 2 months later got a referral having to pay private for dermatologist to give me to roaccutane as doctors didn&#039;t think was severe enough although had major psychological effects on me. It worked wonders cleared acne up in 4 months, I stayed on yasmin for another year skin stayed clear. My doctor told me that due to risk of blood clots taking me off it. I flared up massively which really annoyed me as I was fine on the pill no side effects back and forth for a year my doctor finally agreed to put me back on yasmin 2 months in and my acnes clearing again."
"After taking 2 pills I suddenly experienced chills and fever of 101, and a severe throbbing headache . I called the dr, spoke to the nurse she advised to continue taking . My gut told me not to, later in the evening I developed tingly fingers . I called my dr and he said stop taking I may be having a serum reaction. It&#039;s been over 24 hours since I have taken macrobid and still have terrible throbbing headache , upper back ache , and low grade fever.  This medication is poison !!!  I can&#039;t believe it hasn&#039;t been banned ! Will pass the word to everyone never to take this horrible drug !"
"Before taking Pristiq I had never taken any anti-depressants and did not want to. However, I knew something was seriously wrong with me because I had lost interest in all the activities that I had once loved. I wanted to sleep all the time and I felt so disconnected from everyone and everything around me. Being a mother of two wonderful children and the wife of a great husband I felt like a complete failure because, in my own way of thinking, I had no reason to feel like this or be depressed. After seeking help from my doctor I started taking Pristiq and noticed a change in the course of one week. I had some slight nausea at first, but the overall change it has made in my life has been great! I now enjoy and look forward to every day."
"It&#039;s sad when people write a drug of because their experience was negative. With nerve pain of any kind there are different levels of pain in which the body can get to, sometimes I have muscle spasms with and without pain, in My face, my  legs, my back neck n shoulders, my eyes to. I even vomit as a result is severe pain.  My vision is blurred my breathing and anxiety levels affected greatly, LYRICA make most of this go away.   Please understand not all meds suit every individual so you have to try different things till one works for you. I also took lyrica in pregnancy n have a healthy chubby lil baby boy 100% a ok this med gave me part of my life back. Living with pain is crucifying but living with lyrica is a solution !!! For me anyway"
"30yr old female- Today is day 6 on Wellbutrin 75mg.  Today is day 7 of cold turkey off a tramadol habit as well.  Wellbutrin is certainly helping with the withdrawal of tramadol, which is effing HORRENDOUS btw.  Wellbutrin has given me energy which is great, but I&#039;m still incredibly moodie.  What&#039;s the next dose up for Wellbutrin?  I feel as though I could benefit from an increase for sure,"
"Been on 25 mg for 5 days now. Was on Lexapro 10 mg for 6 weeks before hand. After only 5 days I already feel better on the Zoloft than I ever did in the whole 6 weeks of the Lexapro. Keeping my fingers crossed that I will keep feeling better. So far so good..no panic!"
"Psoriasis started to clear in just a couple of weeks; however nausea &amp; uncontrollable bowel issues have been an ongoing negative, but the 35 lb. weight loss is the silver lining."
"Since I started on Coumadin I have a lot less leg pain and can think more clearly."
"Taking 900mg at night and it works a treat,it&#039;s been a real life changer"
"I found this drug to be quite problematic for me.  It caused such severe dehydration after shifting to the 300mg dosage that I could not get through a night&#039;s sleep without awakening to excruciatingly painful leg and foot cramps that thoroughly awakened me.  I would also awake at night and in the morning, feeling as if someone had poured sand in my eyes.  Even my eyes were dehydrated.  I attempted to address the dehydration by drinking as much as a gallon and a half of water per day, with a lot of water before bedtime.    Constant urination (of course!) No real effect on my glucose readings.  Prior to starting Invokana I had started a no sugar/starch diet, and returned to daily exercise which brought my numbers down more than Invokana."
"20 yr old female here,
I was put on Alesse for acne &amp; contraceptive purposes. 
Acne runs in my family. My mom had it really badly until she was about 21. 
I was on tri-cyclen lo but it made me feel sick in the mornings.
So Alesse was pretty bad. I was on it for (just under) a year. 
I didn&#039;t get pregnant even though I never used a condom with my boyfriend. It helped my acne somewhat except I got cystic flare-ups on my chin &amp; small dots on my forehead during my period. I gained about 10lbs. Period cramps were still bad &amp; lasted for days sometimes. MADE ME AN EMOTIONAL WRECK. I&#039;d cry so easily &amp; felt unusually depressed/anxious.

I believe I have too much testosterone in my blood so Alesse might not have been strong enough"
"Got my Implanon August 2012 at my 6 week check. Had one period, none since. I gained a few pounds but it&#039;s my fault. My sex drive has slowed some but other then that its great."
"I used to be on Loestrin FE and loved it but the pharmacy switched it to Blisovi and since I&#039;ve started taking it I&#039;m up 15-20lbs depending on the day.  I work out every day and have a very healthy diet yet no matter what I do the weight won&#039;t drop. Being someone who struggled with weight naturally, got to a goal body fat/weight only to have it spike so rapidly is extremely upsetting. Not only is my weight up but my face breaks out all the time and my anxiety as of late has been awful.  I DO NOT recommend this pill."
"To anyone looking to get on Suboxone to overcome opiate addiction -  DO IT!!  I&#039;ve been on Suboxone for 15 months now &amp; have gone from 20mg to 2 mgs literally painlessly. The first time I took it I knew within an hr I had found what I needed to get that damn monkey off my back. A slow yet STEADY taper is important.  There&#039;s no reason a person can&#039;t easily drop 2mgs a mo. down to about 4mg. If it&#039;s making you sleepy, time to taper! It gets a bit slower once you get lower but still not hard at all. Once you get to about 3mg you almost have an awakening!  You get more energy,  and start to LOVE music and conversation again.  I would say that those are the biggest side effects - sleepiness (taper!), and slight emotional dullness."
"I started Bystolic in October of 2011 after using 5 other medicines over the past 2 1/2 years with drastic side effects and little relief. I was on Cardizem for a week when they switched me to a months samples of 5 mg Bystolic. It was the answer I had hoped for. BP was normal level, no palpitations. About week 3, they started. The side effects. The first was swelling in the legs, ankles and hands. Then came the headaches, joint pains and difficulty breathing. By week 4 my BP rose again, the palpitations began again and the side effects worsened. I went back to atenolol figuring that if I was going to have palpitations, the side effects were less painful than the discomfort of the palpitations."
"I have been using Vaniqa since 2010 for facial hair.  I have never had to shave, but lots of plucking!  It works wonderfully and I have also had laser done to remove my darker hair on my lip, chin and neck area.  My complaint is the price.  It has doubled in price since I started using it and the manufacturer&#039;s coupon is only $35.00 (up from $25.00 originally).  I thought when a medication was available in generic the original would go down in price. I started ordering from Canada two years ago and now their price for the name brand has gone up enough that I am now ordering the generic.  Unlike in Europe, in the US it is considered cosmetic and insurance will not cover.  Does any one know of any other discounts in the US?"
"I was given ambien 5mg tablets while I was in the hospital recovering from cancer surgery and ambien actually kept me wide awake!"
"I was on this birth control for 6 month and I quit a month ago. I quit because of the side effects.
 I would get bloated a lot, which was a new thing for me. I didn&#039;t have acid reflux before the pill. On the pill frequently I would  either feel the food coming up in my throat, or a vomiting sensation come up. Additionally I was burping incessantly. I couldn&#039;t control my burps at times; they would just happen involuntarily.
I sensed that I felt more sensitive to things and my husband confirmed (after getting off the pill) that I was more quick to anger. He also said that I have lost a lot of weight since getting off the pill. It also changed my eating habits."
"Cleared infection but gave me a nasty itchy rash over my entire body."
"I&#039;ve been taking this birth control for about 6 weeks now. My doctor prescribed this to me because I was having horrible migraines with one I was taking before. I haven&#039;t had my period yet, but have been spotting randomly since I started the pills. I used to have regular periods, so I&#039;m not sure if I&#039;m going to get them at all anymore. Not having the intense cramping every month like I used to is nice though. I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain, or hair loss. Side effects that I have noticed are emotional. I have been experiencing severe mood swings, anxiety, fatigue, and depression. I know that I&#039;m not pregnant, but this birth control makes me feel as though I am. Not sure if I&#039;ll continue taking it, for side effects may not be worth it."
"I have been taking Lisinopril 20g tab for about a year now. I have real bad cough for about a month and wheezing I had to take two weeks of steroids to heal. My throat is hoarse. I seem to have swelling in my throat, I get real sleepy, yawning a lot and I have not been alert with my mind. I am going to talk to my doctor. I even told my son about this drug for his blood pressure. I will probably change medication or take a lower dose and see how I do."
"Great for heavy periods but caused mood swings and weight gain."
"Very Dry mouth, does not seem to help much, still have depression.  Plus the constipation is bad."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for about six months now. I had it inserted six weeks after I had my baby and it was not painful at all. The doctor explained I would have a light period the majority of the month for the first three months and then it would go to normal. I had my period three weeks out of the month very very light for approx four months. Yes it was annoying. The past two months it went back to normal. I eat clean and exercise daily I have lost about 20lbs. I do get bad cramping once in awhile in that region especially if I lay in certain positions for a long period of time. But that could just be post pregnancy.  I&#039;m overall a happy calm person and my mood hasn&#039;t changed one bit since I started. Overall I recommend Mirena."
"2 herniated discs in my neck make life difficult. With this medication it&#039;s like I am 18 again. No swelling, no pain and life is good. To bad it&#039;s so short lived. I have it once every 6 weeks for a week at a time."
"I was on Kariva for years before I started Yaz. I&#039;m so glad I made the switch! I am less irritable, less anxious, and my mood swings are gone. I knew that before my period I would get sad for no reason, feel unmotivated, and my anxiety would rise. I would prepare for it, like clockwork. I don&#039;t have to do that now! I feel so much better since taking Yaz. My energy is up, my ability to handle stress is better. Not to mention my face is glowing! My nails and hair have grown so healthy. My breasts have even grown a cup size (back to what they were before having a child)! The only negative is that my breast were tender the first few months of taking the medication (they&#039;re fine now)."
"This drug worked perfectly. It controlled all my symptoms, paranoia, visual and auditory hallucinations, tactile hallucinations and anxiety. Absolutely no weight gain. I lost 30 pounds on this medication and could not be happier that I tried the drug. It also works excellently for people with eating disorders, controlling their cravings and regulating their eating patterns. There were no sexual side effects. I never relapsed when I went off the medication with the help of my psychiatrist. Thank you makers of seroquel!"
"My daughter has autism and ADHD, she has been extremely violent from a baby. Specialists had her on Risperdal which did help initially then they added different antidepressants and also Ritalin. Once she started on the Zeldox it was nothing short of a miracle for us. After a few weeks she is functioning like a &quot;normal&quot; child.. We cannot believe it. Even strangers come up to us to say how good our daughter is as they have seem her before. I know that there is no &quot;cure&quot; for autism but after years and years of animal like behaviour and violence I can honestly say its like a miracle for us. I just hope and pray that it lasts. She has experienced dystonia with it and we have reduced it, but its like it has flicked a switch on in her brain."
"I started taking citalopram shortly after becoming 18 (2 months) 
I feel anxious if I miss a dose...on edge, but when I&#039;m on it I immediately feel like things are clearer, I can calmly think and resolve issues.

Effectiveness is fading  after about 2 months but maybe that&#039;s the exam period?

It&#039;s good though :)."
"I was taken off of ativan 1mg x3 per day and switched to klonopin. This drug made me ache all over and my joints, had crying bouts and sever depression with very dark thoughts. I finally got switched back. I hate this drug. Made me want to sleep all the time as well zero energy and aggressive."
"I get about one or two a year and always used abreva. 
Some how it never really works for me that well and wonder why they lasted up to a month. "
"Better than any other NSAID but when you have serious pain you will need something a little stronger."
"I&#039;ve always been an anxious person, usually I find my anxiety serves me well to stay on top of a busy household, but occasionally the anxiety is destructive instead, like after the birth of a child or difficult times. 
I&#039;d had a horrid couple of years, nursing my mum to the end from cancer and eventually it caught up with me, panic attacks, health anxiety, obsession on breathing, palpitations constantly. 
I went straight onto 20mg as had been on this drug briefly a decade ago. 
The first 24 hours were weird, dizzy, disorientated, mildly nauseous and a huge panic attack. I only slept 3 hours a night for the first 2-3 days. By week 3 I sleep 8hrs a night, have energy during the day and zero anxiety. I feel great! Lexapro is great but be patient"
"I was nothing but sick on this med. Severe intestinal diarrhea and abdominal pain. In effort to overcome all the dreadful side effects, I went on Paleo diet. No wheat, dairy, sugar, peanut or legume type beans. within a year I was off all diabetic meds.  Yes it is radical life style change, but far better then injecting poison."
"I have been on the Depo shot for over a year. I know that cramps and other signs are common, but just recently I have been bleeding a lot more than I should be, but not quite at a normal period. This works very well and I love it."
"It&#039;s been 5 years since Chantix killed my multiple decade, hard core, 2.5 pack a day, tobacco smoking addiction. Given the very vocal community against the medicine. I think it&#039;s important that those of us who&#039;s lives have been saved by it speak up also. Chantix gave me some weird but not unpleasant dreams and made me moody. However, cold turkey withdrawal, makes those side effects seem laughable as cold turkey attempts would make me close to completely irrational.  Chantix is a miracle, don&#039;t miss out on it.

As a final note, I do have to say, while Chantix does the heavy lifting, you still have to be committed to quitting. TO THIS DAY, when I see someone smoke, I still have pangs of longing, however I also have a healthy terror of smoking."
"My two pence on this pills. It worked for me but girls should quit unprotected sex and if possible abstain from sex if it works once. You might not have a second chance at it. Better to abstain from sex and have peace of mind. Nothing beats that"
"Given a sample by doctor. Have suffered from a headache for 24/7 for last 18 months. One dose and I got the first relief I&#039;ve ever had since my injury causing headache. Miracle!"
"I am a type 2 diabetic for 13 years, insulins- Lantus and Novolog Flex Pen. Actos/Metformin. Sugar was still high, A1C 11.9. I know it says not to be used with insulin, but Doctor said it would benefit me to lower my levels.  Adding this dropped my A1C level to 6.5. Big difference, with no side effects for me."
"I have been on this medicine for about 2 weeks and have actually broken out even worse than when I first started. It could possibly be that the medicine is bringing up all the pimples? My primary care doctor prescribed this until I see an actual dermatologist. I do have an appointment next week with one so hopefully they will prescribe be something better. But with this medicine I have been feeling very nauseous and slight headaches."
"Week1 dizziness, nausea, no appetite, foggy feeling, stomach growling. Week 2  same as before plus sweating, bad GERD,and insomnia. Almost stopped but decided to stick it out. Week 3 everything slowly disappeared. Now on week 4, much calmer, lost weight about 8 lbs, blood pressure dropped to normal readings, I have more energy now I am walking everyday, still feel like myself, not numb like some reported . Reason started was I had 2 deaths in a month and was losing it. In the past I have tried Prozac, lexapro,  effexor, Zoloft and many others nothing has worked as well as celexa. My advice give it time, be patient . Like many things it&#039;s worth waiting for. Good Luck to all!!"
"I went on loestrin a little over two years ago, and I absolutely love it. I take it continuously and skip periods (best decision of my life, and no you don&#039;t have to have periods), sometimes I forget to take pills for up to 4 or 5 days in a row and it&#039;s like nothing ever happened. No weight gain, didn&#039;t positively or negatively effect my acne, only complaint is I&#039;m super dry and have a very low libido. Sex is almost painful. Other than that (pretty big) issue, it&#039;s great for me"
"34 yr old female 
500 mg-3 x 10 days.
I do think it&#039;s healing me but I started having side effects from this from the first day I took it. Severe anxiety, dizziness, insomnia, lethargy, diarrhea, ringing in ears, hands shaking, night sweats, metal taste in mouth, couldn&#039;t focus, and was overall very irritated. By day 3 &amp; 4, I starting having severe depression and uncontrollable crying, flu like symptoms and by day five I felt homicidal!! I&#039;m currently on day 6 and luckily I missed my last dose or else who knows what could&#039;ve happened! I am going to finish out my script but I may cut it back to just 2 a day. I&#039;ll be so glad when this is over with!"
"Just scheduled an appointment to have the nexplanon removed out of my arm. Not only has this medicine completely destroyed my libido, it has put a complete strain on my relation due to my refusal for affection. I used to love affection and I was such a loving person. Now, I can&#039;t even stand to be touched. I&#039;m so emotional and hormonal it&#039;s unreal. My mood changes so quickly. I go from cry to screaming to happy within ten minutes. Also my period has not stopped and it&#039;s so heavy I change my tampon atleast every hour. I have spent more money on tampons in the past three months than I have in my entire life of buying them seeing that I go through a box every two days. I spend about $75-$80 on tampons. I&#039;d rather take my chances with condoms."
"I was on small military ships for 5 yrs. Used Transderm Scop ALOT. By far, it&#039;s the most effective seasickness medicine that I encountered; I tried a great deal of those other medicines. With all powerful meds, however, come serious side effects. The worst is that it made me feel generally weird and depressed - I cringe when I think of putting a patch on. It gave me dry mouth and a bad after-taste. Lastly, it blurred my vision slightly. 

IF you time it right (put it on 4 hr before the heavy seas), you&#039;ll be seasick free. If you DON&#039;T time it right (such as you exceed the 4 hr window b/c the heavy seas don&#039;t come rt away), you&#039;ll still have positive results, though not as effective. With it, I could concentrate and work well in any sea state."
"After struggling for years with mild depression and working with mental health professional and trying every non-drug way of feeling happier and nothing worked. Finally 8 weeks ago I decided to try fluoxetine. I was afraid to try this because of anecdotal evidence and the stigma of taking meds. l But it turned out to be one of the best things I&#039;ve ever done for myself. I feel like myself. I am not a zombie or a loopy happy person. There are no weird side effects for me. I just feel HAPPY. It is so much easier to appreciate the many good things in my life. I wish I had done this years ago. If you are like me and can tolerate medicine, and have been struggling with feeling good about your life for years, maybe it&#039;s worth a try. :-)"
"This medicine really works for me. I lost 15 pounds in one month. Less cravings for sugar or snacks. Eating two protein shakes for breakfast and lunch (Medifast and/or Isagenyx) and a lean meat and green salad for dinner. Low carbohydrates and fat diet in general, plenty of veggies and lean meat or eggs. 30 mins of aerobic exercise a day. Like someone said, it&#039;s will power in a pill. The only side effect was a headache the first two days and Advil took care of it. I&#039;m naturally a relaxed and happy person, but I do feel a general wellbeing and sleep better. I also felt a little more distracted than usual for a couple days at the beginning but after that nothing else. If you want to lose weight and feel better, try Belviq. Good luck to all!"
"Today is day 6 and my last day (1 tablet) of prednisone.  It is a miracle I guess.  I have absolutely no pain and before this administration of these drugs, I wondered whether life was worth the pain.
Back to the doctor to get results for 2nd round of blood tests but fibromyalgia certainly looks to be the culprit.  Wonder how long this great pain relief will last?"
"Told my doctor I wanted to try another pill after my old pill was giving me migraines during my placebo week. She said I could take this and skip the placebo week (and my period). I did have some break through bleeding 2-3 times, nothing as heavy a real period, no cramps. Didn&#039;t have any negative side effects. However noticed my breasts grew nearly a cup size. Can&#039;t complain."
"I&#039;ve been using Topiramate for over a month now. I&#039;m 50 years old, female and have hypothyroidism taking 150mcg of Synthroid daily. I suffered from increasing frequency and duration and intensity of migraines. In the past year the Immitrex wasn&#039;t working as it used to so my doctor prescribed Topiramate. I&#039;m up to 50mg per day. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is mild dry mouth. And no migraines. None. I went from 2 or 3 a week to ZERO migraines in over a month. I am very happy with this medication. The only reason I gave it a 9 is because I&#039;m a tough scorer.  :)"
"I took it one hour after I had sex, 6 days later I bled lightly and thought I was spotting which scared the heck out of me. My period was 5 days late, but it came, and since it was my first time using Aftera or any type of birth control, it threw my period off which is what it is intended to do. It worked therefore it gets a 10 from me, I am 20 and 160lbs. PS: don&#039;t be stupid and continue to have unprotected sex after you take it because it won&#039;t protect against that!"
"Geodon has been working but not without it&#039;s side effects.  I have been on it for over 2 weeks now and having issues.  Get very tired during the day but up at night. Have the shakes, my eyes blink a lot.  My anxiety is up and I can not take my xanax, even 0.25mg makes me very sleepy.  It does help stabilize mood but I also do not have a thyroid so my system is very sensitive to side effects."
"I was quick to anger, severe mood swings would yell at my kids for the slightest things. I was ready to punch anybody that would make me mad and( it didn&#039;t take much!) I started with Cymbalta 30mg and I noticed a slight difference I was increased to 60 mg and I felt the change right away. I&#039;m so calm and I&#039;m back to being a happy mom. I take it at night because it would get me sleepy during the day if I take in the morning some of the side effects I&#039;ve experienced have been dry mouth, lack of appetite, hot flashes, tiredness! I love this medicine it has changed my life. The relationship with my children is much much better too. I no longer have crying spells and I&#039;m a much nicer person. Try Cymbalta."
"Although my labwork returned an ever-increasing positive note for the duration of the treatment, 3 months after treatment indicated I am one of the 4%.

Statistics be damned!"
"Overall, I would rate 7.5mg of Mirtazapine two hours before bed as an awesome remedy for severe to extreme Insomnia, with little to no side effects.

I had tried all kinds of sleep aids ranging from ambien to benzodiapines, with no effects. I am non to limited responder to Ativan and other benzos.

Mirtazapine works great for me, I get 7-9hrs of sleep, but only when I use the 7.5mg orally disintegrating tablets from Aurobindo. Do not, I repeat, DO NOT use the regular tablets. They had very limited effect on me. 

Mirtazapine will cause some drowsiness if I do not get the full 9 hours of rest, or have to get up early. This is easily mitigated by vitamin b12/C powder. 

Mirtazapine sleep feels natural and refreshing."
"I have used NuvaRing for 2 months now, and I LOVE IT.  I previously used Yaz and Balziva.  I was terrible at remembering to take my pills- so this was the perfect option.  I cannot ever feel it, and I never had it &quot;fall out&quot;.  My partner can sometimes feel it during intercourse, but it doesn&#039;t bring discomfort.

An added benefit it... it makes my skin clear and radiant.  I previously used Accutance, to clear my mild breakouts-with no luck.  NuvaRing has completely cleared my skin and rid me of breakouts!"
"After trying Seasonique, Yaz, and Ortho-Lo, I am sooo relieved to find this pill. Side effects are minimal compared to the others and period is very light. I felt compelled to share my positive experience after reading so many negative ones. Give it a chance"
"Fastest working antidepressant I have ever tried, decreased my voracious appetite."
"I have taken other &quot;specialty&quot; migraine medicines with little results. Excedrin Migraine is identical to regular Extra Strength Excedrin. The combination of Acetaminophen/ Aspirin/ Caffeine/ Salicylamide is totally successful in limiting the effects of my migraines. As it is essentially Excedrin with the added Salicylamide, it indicates that the Salicylamide somehow enhances the pain reduction for migraines. 

For any general headache, I use Excedrin. But as soon as I feel any indications of an oncoming migraine event, I take Acetaminophen/ Aspirin/ Caffeine/ Salicylamide tablets (PainAid, Pain Stopper) and it completely stops any migraine advancement at that point."
"I took Cymbalta for 1 year. It did help with my depression however, I became very lethargic and gained 25 lbs within 3 months. The weight gain scared me because I had never gained that much in such a short period of time. Also, I did have serious constipation with Cymbalta. If you can handle the wieght gain and constipation, I think Cymbalta is the medication to at least try, it does work-or it at least worked with my depression."
"I was in a MVA 2004 after which I had to have 6 spine surgeries and 3 total hip replacements and due for a forth. I&#039;m in severe pain most of the time, its hard for me to walk around. When I take my pain medicine I&#039;m able to move a lot better. It doesn&#039;t stop all the pain but it makes it bearable."
"man this s**t right here is the shit the best shit ever and I mean u take this pill and not only your pain goes away but so do ur problems and the sex is the s**t to for once the government actually  gave us something good not like crack and heroin my sweat shirts don&#039;t have cigarette burn holes(heroin) and im not at your gas station baggen for chang  and the best part about this drug all you tax payers pay for it and don&#039;t cost me a dime ( DA MEDICAL CARD BABBY) NOW GOOD LUCK GUYS O YA AND KIDZ DONT DO DRUGS"
"This drug might save your life. NEVER EVER USE IT UNLESS IT&#039;S A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH!!!!!!!!!
Read about Fluoroquinolone toxicity. Cipro has given me massive mitochondrial DNA damage, hypoglycemia, and peripheral neuropathy. The FDA and even the manufacturers have released updated labels and MASSIVE WARNINGS, however they only did so in press releases and on twitter..... NOT by contacting the doctors directly who are getting kickbacks from prescribing these meds. It only takes a little research. Where you diagnosed with Firbomyalgia????...  Cipro toxicity can cause these symptoms giving the Doctor a false diagnosis."
"I have a history of kidney stones for more than 15 yrs already  . and this medication  is far the quickest n effective  ..highly recommended. ."
"Absolutely could not have survived the pain and inflammation without this drug.  It is gentle and safe enough to take 800mg with food. The liquid gels seem to work (gets into my system) much quicker than just plain ibuprofen."
"I started having acne problems after a series of surgeries. I tried many different things to get rid of my acne but nothing worked until I tried Differin. I&#039;ve been using it for 2 years already and since then been acne free, I still use it at night on occasional acne breakouts and all disappear the next morning. Awesome acne medication !"
"Started taking Ambien 5 years ago while I was in nursing school. I would sometimes only get 45 minutes of sleep without it. With it I could easily sleep 8  hours. It worked amazingly well. Now, 5 years later, it seems I have built up quite the tolerance and sometimes need to take 2 just to make me half sleepy. Another problem is my doctor does not like to give me refills as this medicine is meant for short term use. He does refill it, but only after a long lecture every month."
"Worst experience of my life!! I am so sorry I took it!!! I started out feeling great, more energy, then about 7 weeks in developed cardiac issues, had to wear a heart monitor. Developed dangerously high blood pressure, and became bed bound. I am now 10 weeks off of it, and am still feeling awful. I feel as though the life in me has been sucked out. I go for my SVR 12 in two weeks, however the results do not even matter to me, I just want my life back, my health back, this drug was horrible. "
"Clindamycin (300 MG 4 x a day for 2  weeks) was prescribed for a very serious staph infection in my knee/bursitis. The pain and swelling began subsiding within 36 hours. Should be taken with a lot of water. Side effects include a little heartburn after taking the pills and a mild vaginal infection after 2 weeks, so lots of yogurt should be eaten to avoid this infection."
"I have taken this medicine for at least 15 years now.
I started having panic attacks in my 20s and found out I had mitral valve prolapse,  which can cause a person to be more likely to have panic attacks. For years I took 0.5 mg
at bedtime, now take 0.75 mg. In addition to 25 mg. Lexapro once in the evening. Haven&#039;t had a panic attack in years.
This is a great drug, but it is hard for me to get up in the morning sometimes. I&#039;ll take that over panic attacks any day, though."
"I started it a week ago and it seems to have alleviated my hot flashes. Not totally gone but much less and much less severe. I am so happy to have it."
"I&#039;m 16 years old. I&#039;m a boy who suffers moderate acne. I have blemishes of previous acne. The down side is that I&#039;m really white. I&#039;ve been on retin a since september 1st. I&#039;m on week 5 or 6 but my face is getting better. Acne decreasing much more. I still have the red blemishes and marks on my cheeks but I&#039;m excited to see the result people say they see in 3-6 months. I&#039;m prescribed clindamycin phosphate and antibiotic pills with cetaphil wash. I use retin a at night and then moisterize 30minutes after then apply clinda. when I go to sleep. So stick to this cream the white heads and stuff will suck but my acne bumps/marks are slowly disappearing even though they are still visible. Can&#039;t wait till I can clear up an feel happy"
"My name is Serena. I have had chron&#039;s disease for six years. I had surgery a year ago. I had a flare up a few weeks after surgery. My GI put me on humira and it has been a miracle drug for me! NO pain or flare ups. I get to lead a normal life :)"
"I love it. My doctor advised me, it&#039;s best to take right before bed. I get extremely tired 10 to 15 minutes after I take Xzyal. I also have to sleep for more than 8 hours, if I don&#039;t sleep more than 8 hours I feel drowsy all day and feel the need to take a nap."
"I have been using Ritalin 10mg for the past 3 weeks now. I am 28 years old and i suspected for a long time now that I have ADHD. Not being able to concentrate or focus, prioritise tasks and having depression (i am not taking medication for this) caused a lot of anxiety for me over the past 4-5 years. 
Ritalin has helped alot with my studies and kind of calms me. I am pretty quiet when i take it also. Its great for if you need to use it for work or study , but for everyday use I wouldn&#039;t like it.
- In the first 45mins it gives me a slight euphoric feeling.
- Makes me want to do productive activities.
- Causes slight headaches if i don&#039;t drink plenty of water.

I would recommend it.
(I have tried adderall in the USA and that was even better)"
"Cymbalta was the worst possible medicine I have ever been on.  Not only did it not help my depression at all, it actually made it worse.  I also started taking it for Fibromyalgia pain which it did not help.  Indeed, I have had more pain since starting on the Cymbalta than before I was on it. I can&#039;t even count how many times I have considered putting myself in the mental health ward of the local hospital. "
"Today I got my 1st and I&#039;m not hurting at the injection site but I&#039;m feeling my uterus tight ..I&#039;m nervous"
"It works great for my fibrocystic breast, but my period never starts on time. I start on Sunday nights and I won&#039;t get my period until Wednesday night/Thursday. Other than that it works fine."
"I&#039;ve never been the type to get a solid night sleep. For years I&#039;ve slept 3 or 4 hours and woke up tired but unable to fall asleep. It truly made for days and days on end of being miserable  I&#039;ve also never been a &quot;Pill&quot; person so I never tried any kind of sleeping aid. One day I simply decided to try some form of OTC sleep aid and Advil PM was the first one I found. The difference it&#039;s made is amazing. I take 2 an hour before I plan to fall asleep and I am out. No more tossing, no more turning, simply laying down and sleeping. For the first time in my life, I look forward to going to bed. Only draw back is, after 6 solid hours of sleep, I tend to wake up feeling a little out of it but that goes away after my first few rounds of coffee."
"Very comfortable and soothing. I would recommend using it at night just to cut down on messiness.  It&#039;s not overly greasy and gross like I thought it would be- can barely tell it&#039;s there! Started applying it a few days ago and rash is on its way out!"
"I have been taking glucophage ER for 4 weeks.  The first couple of weeks it made me very sick.  I was told this was normal and to try to hold out and the side effects would stop.  They seemed to and then the dose was increased and I am sick again.  It works really well to get my sugar down.  Before I started  it was an average of 146 or 6.7 for A1C
Now the average is 101.  Since it is working I am going to hold on for a few more weeks.  I have been told that some people get used to it much faster than I have and some people take a few months."
"I had 2 foot surgeries within 9 months of each other that took me over 2 years to heal, and was given Vicodin for the pain. At first it was awesome, it took care of the pain but I slept all the time. After a while I ended up taking more to relieve the pain, which scared me. So I would go off of it for a month or so and live in agony to prove I was not addicted.  It detaches you from whats going on around you. I finally figured out that I would rather be in some pain than be so depressed as that drug made me feel. I just stick to ibuprofen now."
"I suffer from sold sores very often (couple of times per year), and usually I treat them with Zovirax, a Aciclovir cream. Apparently in the US, you need to have a prescription for it, which I didn&#039;t have the time and money for, so I bought the next best thing the pharmacist recommended to buy off the shelf. I was very skeptical at first, but I have to say IT WORKS! After 2.5 days, my cold sore is almost gone - that&#039;s faster than how it works with the Aciclovir cream! The cold sore got smaller each time applied the cream (I applied it more than 5 times a day), and I also started to use it after the blisters had appeared already. I can definitely recommend this cream!"
"I am BEYOND angry at how terrible my skin broke out while using this medication. It was a mystery to myself and family when my face began to break out terribly, to the point where I was prescribed oral acne medication and the painful cysts still didn&#039;t go away. This medication almost ruined my skin, I am so thankful I stopped when I did and read these reviews! It&#039;s honestly infuriating that this was the cause! I stopped taking this pill about a week ago and my skin has already cleared up substantially. Do not recommend!!!!"
"I have been taking Chantix for nearly 3 weeks.  I have almost all of the symptoms mentioned by other users and was really surprised to hear people talk about lower back pain, which I have as well and did not realize it could be from the medicine.  While the nausea is subsiding, I too, am angry and agitated most of the time. I also am experiencing episodes of severe depression. I suffered a major heart attack last October and was a two pack a day smoker.  I was having success using an E cigarette but when I had problems with them, I returned to smoking.  I am still smoking after with the Chantix but hope I will be able to stop soon."
"I started having mild ankle pain about two years ago that increased to severe pain now.  Doctor&#039;s still can&#039;t figure out what&#039;s wrong with me or what is causing the pain.  Is it my back or my actual ankle?  I have been put on many pain medications which haven&#039;t worked till now.  I am currently taking Norco 7.5 along with Gabapentin 300 mg 3 times a day and I am able to function.  At first, I was scared because I didn&#039;t want to become addicted but, when you can&#039;t function at all due to the severe pain, you put all those fears aside and you go for it.  At first you do feel a little high with the med but, your body become adjusted to it and you begin to feel normal and with less, LESS pain.  Take your meds as directed &amp; follow up with your MD."
"I have recieving Methadone in a treatment facility for the better part of a year.  At first I was skeptical but after the first few weeks of treatment I started to notice a huge change in my &quot;Mind set&quot; (if you will).  I had absolutely NO desire to take other pain killers, 1.e. Loratab, Vicodin and Percocet.  Methadone has given me a whole new lease on life.  It&#039;s given me the ability to do whatever I want from day to day without having the cravings for Opiates.
I know some people are completely against using Methadone to treat Drug addiction but the problem with these people are that they have not gathered enough information about Opiate addiction and about Methadone itself.  Methadone has literally saved my marriage and most of all my life."
"1 is the lowest score option, but the ParaGard actually deserves a negative rating. It did it&#039;s job for birth control, but wreaked havoc on me both physically and mentally. Unfortunately, I didn&#039;t make the connection between my ailments (extreme fatigue, anxiety, depression, digestive problems,  just to name a few) and the IUD until many years after insertion. After spending a fortune on doctors, tests, etc  to find out what was wrong, I still had no answers, except to be put on a variety of medications to treat symptoms. I did some research and finally made the connection-copper toxicity from the ParaGard IUD. Years of my life had been sucked away from me and my family  that I can never get back. Symptoms still persist a year post removal."
"In 93, I found a wonderful doctor who prescribed me Methadone for my chronic pain. It really saved my life, I was a good Mom, worked full time and enjoyed activities. After 10yrs my doc retired from his family practice but continued his other practice- Methadone Clinic for addicts. Doc explained that because of our wonderful government, it was much more profitable to continue his Methadone Clinic. I am now back on narcotics rollercoaster and it&#039;s killing me, Health: gastric bypass, fibromyalgia, PTSS, Spondelylothis, DDD, spinal stenosis, IBS, MDD, herniated discs etc. Doc explained that because it builds up in system it then gives a steady pain relief. Methadone is cheap, our government makes a lot of money off of oxy and all the others"
"Nothing would quite fix me. Not antidepressants, or therapy or Adderall.  Depressed all the time, screaming on the inside.  Had days I literally could not do anything. Unfocused at work, hated my job, life and wife.  Changed psych doctors, prescribed Strattera, titrated more slowly than sample pack, got up to 60 mg. Way happier. Less sensitive - don&#039;t get hurt easily. Take criticism better. Wife notices big difference in mood- always thought it was depression.  It&#039;s ADD and Strattera is perfect for it.  Just hope it keeps working!"
"I was on Synthroid for 1 1/2 years I gained 10 pounds and had anxiety. For the first year I had full trust in my doctor, but later I was not feeling right. I had memory fogs, anxiety, and my weight was a problem. I used to be a size 4 and now I am a size 12. That alone was depressing. I took charge and researched Hashimotos Disease. I later told my doctor that I wanted to go on Armour and that I was done with Synthroid. He said okay and put me on a 60mg   30mg because he thought we would have to adjust it. Well here I am a year later taking 60mg   30mg and 10 pounds less without working out."
"Celexa 10 mg for social anxiety, 2 wk of side effects. IT WORKS.  I can feel my emotions.  (I would walk on glass to get another prescription).  Tried Prozac and Zoloft with out success, they made me feel wired. However, everyone body are different. (Hang in there, it&#039;s worth the wait.)"
"I tried NuvaRing and I didn&#039;t experience many side effects and I thought it was very easy to use however I felt that it didn&#039;t stay in place for me which was extremely annoying and made me paranoid that it might not be working."
"I take Ambien when I need to change my sleeping habits, or when my anxiety induces insomnia. I&#039;ve had no side effects bad enough for me to remember, although I do get amnesia. I do my best to get right to sleep after taking it because I will do strange things while awake. Otherwise Ambien works perfectly for my needs."
"I have no problems with the medicine, I have been using it approximately 6 months. Only note nausea and upset stomach the first month of starting, but already passed, that and a bit blurry sight.
Compared with other drugs such as Lupron it is very good and no increased weight."
"Began Zytiga with Prednisone 4/23/14 when considered hormone resistant. Highest PSA 4/1/14: 214. Lowest PSA 3/30/15 6.0. Most recent PSA 5/4/15 8.6. Added Metformin 3/3/15. Also Lupron every three months and Xgeva monthly. Very few side effects."
"I have been in constant pain for 17years (since I was 12) RSD, Chronic Migraine, Fibromyalgia, myofacial pain syndrome, sjogrens, and several other things. Tried everything to manage the pain and gain some of my life back. The only thing I found that helps is Nucynta. I have been on it for about 4 years, (1) 100mg tablet every 4 hours. It&#039;s a love/hate relationship. It&#039;s the only thing that helps my pain, but I hate waking up every morning going through withdrawal bc I&#039;ve been on it so long. I tried the ER but it wasn&#039;t as effective. I know it&#039;s not good to be on it for so long but I&#039;m at a loss for any other options to try, and it really does help me be more functional than I was without it. Besides the withdrawal I have not had side effects"
"I have been on this medicine for over ten years, plus a beta blocker for my migraines and blood pressure.  I thought I could wean off of Amitripyline as my migraines were fairly under control.  About a month off of it, my head was killing me several times a week.  Now I take Amitripyline without question, and without pain."
"Cymbalta ruined my life. If I forgot to take it one time it would be like going through heroin withdrawal. Not to mention my brain feel like mush when taking it forgetting things doing odd things. Don&#039;t get me wrong the first 2 months was great but everything slowly started getting worse. Emotional outbursts, angry all the time, overwhelming feelings, unable to control my emotions, suicidal thoughts, blood pressure dropping all the time and the list is endless. I ended up making my doctor take me off this medication I felt like I was losing my mind. The withdrawal from cymbalta is absoultley horrble. I have never posted a review on anything online ever! But people need to know how terrible this medication is."
"I am 57.  For about 10 years I have had occasional episodes of acute headaches to the point of vomiting.  Finally got diagnosed with migraine about 8 months ago (for some reason it never crossed my mind despite a family history of it).  Was prescribed sumatriptan.  Now, when I feel a migraine coming on I take 1/2 or 1 pill, along with naproxen.  Headache is gone within 1/2 hour.  My life has greatly improved.  No side effects at all."
"Didn&#039;t worked I got pregnant while ParaGard was in place"
"Diagnosed 4 years ago with a CD4 count of 70.    49 months of Atripla and have been undetectable since soon after starting....and my CD4 is now 500.     As others have said, this pill is literally a lifesaver."
"Take for blood pressure and had weekly migraine aura. Only not good when driving, no migraines for 7 months now."
"I have spinal stenosis and osteoarthritis in my back. I was referred to the pain clinic and they put me on Tramadol after 4 cortisone injections failed to help the pain. I take one 50 mg tablet along with 500 mg of acetaminophen every 6 hours as needed. It works very well in relieving the pain for me. I don&#039;t take it every 6 hours, only when I feel I need it, otherwise, I just tolerate it. I have had NO withdrawal symptoms or negative side effects and it makes my quality of life a whole lot better. It isn&#039;t perfect, but it works fine for me."
"I have been getting the shot since 2012, before having children. After a few years I was scared hearing that this shot causes infertility so I stopped in 2015&#039; within 4 month a was pregnant!

I had a good experience with the shot. My weight has been up and down but nothing drastic. The shot definitely protected me from getting pregnant and thats what I wanted %u263A I will continue with it because  not sure about iuds yet"
"I started this Medication 18 day&#039;s ago and I have lost 15lbs.
You can not eat what you want you have to eat right and get off the couch and not seat in front of the TV I am very happy with the Medication.
The Cost is very high I think they could make it cheaper if they wanted to but I am going to buy it and they know people will that&#039;s why they don&#039;t worry about the price and My Dr makes me go and see her once a month while I am taking this medication so I have to pay her also I have Ins but my Ins does not cover Wt losses. Medication or for the Dr Appt."
"Works wonders on rapid cycling.  I really love this medicine.  I know it is off label for bipolar, but wow!  I take it with another mood stabilizer, antipsychotic and a when required antipsychotic and antidepressant, and it has stabilized my Ultradian cycling that is so hard to treat.  I feel normal again.  I take 150mg.  Also can work in conjunction with other common weigh gainer medicines to cancel out the weigh gain effect - just a tip."
"I just started my second month on this pill after having my second baby. I was on ortho tricyclen after the first kid and had weight gain and my face broke out so bad. I haven&#039;t had either one of these problems with this pill. The only issue I have is so far instead of 4-5 day periods, my last one was 8 days, but I did notice my cramps were lighter. I would recommend it."
"I&#039;ve only been taking this pill a month. My son was 6weeks old when I started it. I&#039;d just finished the bleeding process from my pregnancy. My Dr put me on that day. I&#039;ve been bleeding ever since. My son is now 12 weeks so I&#039;ve been bleeding for 6 weeks straight off and on. I was trying to figure out why I was producing less milk then usual. I figured it out the pill. I will not  recommend this (&quot;mini pill) to anyone. I lost weight after I had my son I was almost back on my pre pregnancy clothes. Today I went to get dressed and I couldn&#039;t fit anything. I&#039;m completely bloated,irritable and I have constant migraines. I&#039;m so done with this pill. We plan on getting pregnant on more time then I&#039;m getting my tubes tied."
"Gained weight.

Too much.

Fear of cholesterol and diabetes.

Less work.

Lost a girlfriend."
"I was prescribed Zoloft for depression and I was on it for a month before I had to get off. After three weeks I started noticing a lack of feeling and it became difficult to orgasm and once the fourth week came around I was completely unable to orgasm. I want to give it zero stars because of how much that affected me personally but it did help a lot with my depression and I was starting to feel more like myself."
"I&#039;ve been taking Victoza for almost a month now. I thankfully have no side effects and have lost 8 pounds so far. I have PCOS and for the last 6 years I couldn&#039;t loose any weight. I really tried everything: no sugar , gluten free, low carb ! It feels amazing to finally see the weight come off.  I have not been exercising but Victoza is helping with my cravings , I am almost never hungry and I don&#039;t think about food at all. It s amazing to feel normal again."
"I just started taking Celexa 1 week ago. I&#039;ve been a depressed, sad, sorry person for over 15 years. For some unexplained reason, I was always so low. I began hitting myself around the age of 7 and would give myself nose bleeds. I&#039;m now 28 and my self inflictions are numerous places on my body and my flesh will hang off my muscle. In the 4 times I have been taken to the E.R. not one doctor or hospital therapist has said or done anything to help me understand why. Finally, 1 week ago in the E.R., the physician put me on 20 mg Celexa. I felt really weird the first day. I have loss of appetite, minor headache. NO ANXIETY. Still feel low but I&#039;m set an appointment for therapy. WONDERFUL FEELING! The world is different and not so ugly. I am tired though."
"After years of coughing all day, and sitting up choking many many nights with a sinus infection, my ENT in Tennesee, finally prescribed me dymista!  My infection went away with NO antibiotic. Now I don&#039;t cough at all! What a gift this is to my family. I do blow my nose immediately, since I&#039;m sensitive to meds and I don&#039;t want extra. And I did have one or two anxiety attacks after taking, but I&#039;m out of the Drs office and not coughing!!!! Coughing is exhausting. Praise God I am healed!"
"The first 2 weeks on Zoloft were like hell. I was drowsy, had nightmares and my stomach was a mess. 
I&#039;ve been taking 75mg for 3 month now and I feel like a new person . I&#039;m mellow , easy to deal with and satisfied"
"I am 22 years old and have had my Mirena for 13 months now. Mirena is care free, but popping a pill once a day is not that much of a chore either; which is why I&#039;m going back to oral contraception. After insertion I experienced constant discharge and bleeding for 2 months. Now, I don&#039;t have bleeding at all, only spotting for about 2 days per month. The shortened periods are not worth it for me. I get serious stomach cramps and migraines before each period now. I used to experience only mild mood swings. There&#039;s also dizziness, depression, irritability, insomnia and a VERY low sex drive (odd for a 22yr old). I want to get back to how I was before the Mirena, this is not the birth control for me."
"I lost 10 pounds effortlessly during the 2 week free trial. After 6 days, I had lost 6 pounds and at that point, started forcing myself to eat. I&#039;m wanting to achieve a steady, reasonable weight loss. No side effects other than slight dry mouth and sleeping more soundly. An interesting side note, Belviq is curbing all of my addictions...sugar, bread, alcohol, gambling. It&#039;s amazing so far. I&#039;m taking Belviq 2x daily with 1/2 phentermine tablet."
"I love it. No side effects. My periods have only been when I regulate them with pills. I have been on it for a year and 9 months and I&#039;m not pregnant."
"I highly recommend this product.  I have been constipated for several weeks now and my doctor recommended 2 days before colonoscopy (in addition to prescription prep).  I chose grape flavored CVS brand.  I refrigerated night before and took at 6:45pm next evening.  It is very sour but carbonated so it was doable.  A family member suggested that I eat at same time to cut down on nausea which really helped.  At first I felt like my stomach was going to explode because I drank the 10 oz bottle followed by 16 oz of water.  Then there was a lot of stomach bubbling.  I finally was comfortable enough to lie down and eventually fell off to sleep to be then awakened by this urge to pass gas at 12:40am.  Don&#039;t do it!!!  Find a toilet fast!  It works!"
"I received an injection cocktail of Nubain and Phenergren after suffering from a Migrane headache that had lasted for 6 days. I was in ER for 4 days before that and the injections they gave me there wore off and the pain was back.  I was prescribed Fiorcet and it helped to some degree, but the headache was back when the medicine wore off.  Once I received the Nubain, I&#039;ve only had to take 1 Fiorcet, and this morning, for the first time in a week, I&#039;ve been able to wake up with no pain."
"I LOVE this birth control. I&#039;ve had mine in since December of 2009 and have had no regrets. I&#039;m very forgetful which is why the pill would have never worked for me. I&#039;ve had my occasional mood swings and excessive periods but I would rather deal with that then to have a baby! "
"I started the pill not to long ago and I haven&#039;t had any problems besides bloating."
"I had very little side effects, I&#039;m using 60mg (3 20mg tablets) and i was a little shocked how well it worked.  It was nice to keep an erection even after ejaculation only because my wife likes it when I can continue to perform for her.  

I will continue to use  sildenafil as long as it&#039;s affordable..."
"This medicine has worked great for me in respect to my high blood pressure and irregular heart rhythm.  But caused my feet and legs to swell, skin on legs to peel, and tautness of foot muscles.   

I complained to my doctor about the swelling, and he said I had damaged vein valves in my legs.   After seeing him, the swelling gradually grew worse.  One leg was enormous.  I started looking up adverse reactions on-line to see what could be causing this problem.  The only one that I take regularly is Metoprolol.  I stopped taking it immediately, and the swelling has been subsiding until my legs look also normal again.

"
"I bought this after having unprotected sex with my significant other. I bought it and followed instructions and took it as directed and 2 weeks later I find out I am pregnant. I am now dealing with an unplanned pregnancy and unfortunately having to get my first abortion ever. If I could go back in time I would have paid the extra bucks for Plan B. Save yourself the emotional distress and either refill your birth control right away or get Plan B that will work."
"So I had gotten the implant in my arm because I had read that this birth control could stop you from having a period yay right!  And the first nine days were fine and then after that I was constantly bleeding. I had the implant in my arm for a year and five months. I BLED THE WHOLE TIME! I also had some side effects. Migraines, nausea, gained 20 lbs, even had hot flashes. I finally could not stand it anymore and had it removed. It took me three months to start my period. Before I got the implant my periods were heavy so I wanted the implant to make it stop  and after the removal my period is light now."
"I&#039;m a 16 year old girl who uses birth control for maintaining clear skin due to acne, nausea in the morning, and a heavy flow. I&#039;ve tried many different kinds of pills and this one was by far the worst. I typically don&#039;t have too much acne (about 3 pimples per month, if that). However, when I started this pill I broke out all over my face. I have NEVER had this much acne before. I just picked up a new birth control today so hopefully when I start using this one the remaining acne on my face will go away. It&#039;s ridiculous."
"Been on this medication for over 12 years.  Works well for me. Calms me down without the &quot;brain zapping&quot; I got from Paxil and Lexapro. Dosage has been adjusted throughout the years. I am told 60mgs a day is the maximum dose. I am currently on 15mgs 3 times per day.  It took a good two weeks to get into my system, and I remember thinking it wasn&#039;t working at first.  It&#039;s no Xanax, but it has helped me much more then Paxil and Lexapro did.  This works well for me, and I have no issues taking it for the rest of my life.  I do get some increased hunger and minor dizziness after each dose for about 15 minutes, but that beats being anxious and worrying all the time.  It is also pretty cheap."
"I have severe anxiety depression. I&#039;ve tried all the meds out, as my doctor would say.  Cymblatla was suggested. And me needing to feel normal tried it. Worst experience of my life.  Was on 40mg. Felt like I was having an out of body experience, like someone was pulling me, everywhere. Dr told to stick with it, and lower dose (I actually did, did not recommend talk to Dr first). Nothing changed. I was talking without thinking, having more and more panic attacks and higher anxiety. Absolutely zero libido, and I gained weight. I felt &quot;happy&quot;, but a weird happy.
So, finally I TELL my doctor for the third time in 9 months, I want off this medication. Withdrawl symptoms no joke. 
It&#039;s been a month and I still have w.d effects"
"I have unfortunately been suffering from cold sores since my first outbreak when I was 1 year old and being 34 now a lot has changed. Back in my younger years I was bullied because of these sores that would appear around my mouth. carmex or  Blistex did not work and Lysine only assisted a bit.  When abreva came out $30 a small tube back then I jumped at the chance to try it and it did help me keep the blisters in one area instead of them spreading more.  It wasn&#039;t until a year ago &quot;seriously&quot; that I finally brought something up to my doctor who told me about valtrex and I was under the impression this was for genital herpes only. Living in hot AZ has been tough on handling my outbreaks but with Valtrex I can manage them more and love that"
"This medication did not work for me.  It is important to note, however, that I suffer more from anxiety than depression.  On Pristiq I felt like I was on a constant roller coaster.  I gave the medication 3 (long) months.  I would wake up in the night with panic attacks and would surprise even myself with sudden outbursts.  Not to mention, it was super expensive. NOT worth it for me. I&#039;m back on Zoloft and Xanax and feeling MUCH better."
"I got the implant done on June 1st. Before getting the implant I was on numerous different variations of the pill which all were terrible for me. Every pill I took made me really angry, made me gain weight and gave me really bad hives! So far with the nexplanon I have been able to lose the weight I gained on the pill and very rarely feel angry. The only thing bad is that I feel really emotional on this but usually its only during pms. I have only gotten one period so far though I am not pregnant. Getting it in was simple and painless! The only annoying part was that your arm is numb afterwards."
"I have suffered with chronic constipation for the last 9 years- it has got got progressively worse and I have literally tried EVERYTHING treatment and drug wise and nothing works anymore. I only pass BM when I have a weekly colonic irrigation which even now is taking over 90 mins to work.

Lubiprostone was a last resort- I am 7 days into 24mg twice a day and nothing except nausea sickness the worst bloating I have ever had to the point I can&#039;t breathe by the evening. My chest is tight and my arms are having muscle spasms. I am dispairing....."
"Commit are the ONLY thing that ever enabled me not to smoke. Patches, gum, hypnosis - totally useless. First day I took Commit I was over cigs. The prob is that Commit are HIGHLY addictive - as bad as cigs. I found myself later sometimes buying a pack of cigs to take a break from Commit! I used Commit for 12 years. Never was without one in my mouth during waking hrs. I would eat meals with one in my mouth, it was that bad. Recent surgery required I get 100 % off nicotine or DIE, and that finally did it, now I&#039;m out. Commit will get you to stop smoking cigs but then you need a plan to stop Commit too. Don&#039;t be fooled, Commit is an addictive drug"
"I have been on Femara for 3 months. After taking Tamoxifen for approximately 2 years, which I could not tolerate any longer, my oncologist put me on the Femara. While my hot flashes have pretty much disappeared, the joint and bone pain I am suffering is unbearable. My elbows, hands, fingers, knees, ankles and feet are the worse. In the mornings I cannot get out of bed. I take thyroid medicine in the morning and cannot open the bottle. It takes about 20 minutes before I can close my fingers or bend my toes. Nighttime is also bad. After sitting for short periods I cannot get up. I have never felt better in my life except for the constant agonizing pain. I am a very active 49 year old but feel like I am 90. This pain gets worse every day. I can only imagine what it will be like in 3 more months. I I am seeing my oncologist this week and am going to tell him I am stopping this drug. I believe the quality of my life is more important that the quantity."
"Over the course of my regular meds. I found Tranzadone to be less effective.   
50 mg dose gave me strange and odd dreams.  When my psychiatrist up the dosage to 150 mg. of Trazodone dreams got even Weirder and felt like my dream was more of a reality.  Go Figure"
"I was recently diagnosed with bipolar and began taking 25-50mgs a night to aid insomnia because at the time I felt relatively well. I appear to be one of the few to embrace the side effect of increased appetite, when I&#039;m manic, depressed or even the slightest bit anxious my appetite disappears. I can go weeks without feeling the need to eat and I love eating! I used to smoke alot of pot to help with my appetite and racing thoughts. I&#039;m now taking 150mg XR at night as I&#039;m currently having a mixed episode. It helps quieten my mind and slows me down a little but I don&#039;t feel in any way zombified, at night soon after taking I get sleepy but that&#039;s about it!"
"Side effects arrythmia, chest pain and muscle stiffness experienced"
"Had lower spinal surgery that left me with increased pain"
"I&#039;ve been taking Lamictal as a mood stabilizer and a foundation to treat my depression. Found it was insufficient on its own so doctor started me on 40mg of Latuda. It worked very well but I just felt &quot;ok&quot; and it was quite expensive. Tried to switch to Abilify but the restlessness was intolerable and the therapeutic effect wasn&#039;t nearly as palpable. Switched back to Latuda at 60mg and don&#039;t think I&#039;ll ever look back. Tried Zoloft, Celexa, Wellbutrin, Pristiq, Effexor, and Cymbalta also."
"After trying these for about 5 week&#039;s had to go back to Dr to change. I felt worse than I&#039;d ever felt in my life I was so angry all the time for no reason, I cried more than I did before medicines for the first time ever I was thinking about suicide. It also gave me a massive appetite gained about ten pounds, which I didn&#039;t need so these definitely do not work for me fingers crossed my new ones will."
"I started taking this drug 6-7 years ago for school and planned to quit when I graduated because it made me anti-social, increase tobacco usage, and want to play video games all night. It was really effecting my personal and social life, plus I hated all of the physical effects (heart rate, cold hands, sweat). However, I enjoyed the high it gives you, and continued taking it after graduating. It helps lock you down at the computer and make boring work less boring. Now, I cannot stop taking it. Every night I lay in bed saying &quot;Ok I have to stop this&quot;., then the next morning I wake up and can&#039;t resist taking it. I am going to tell my doctor to cancel my prescription because the cons HEAVILY outweigh the pros."
"I was given samples of this after taking Triazolam for a while. I took it one night, it took forever to fall asleep, I slept for about 6 hours and had the most disturbing dream that kept waking me up and continuing when I fell back asleep. I&#039;m not sure I want to try it again, and I don&#039;t reccomend."
"On Brintellix 10 mg for a week. Had to stop taking it due to severe side effects including upset stomach, dizzyness, head rushes, increased mood swings and suicidal thoughts. Really threw me for a loop. Went back to Cymbalta which at least keeps me on an even keel with no side effects."
"Nothing else worked until I took this"
"Was on Gleevec when I was first diagnosed with  Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor Cancer  at 17, and for me the 800 mg was unbearable. Way too many side effects to handle and being brand new to the question &quot;how do you tolerate the medicine?&quot; I grew to dread Gleevec and went off Gleevec about 2 years and 7  long months later, and after a relapse of growths showed up, was put onto Tasigna. Though fairly new to it, I have had little side effects thus far and seem to tolerate 700mg much easier on this medicine than Gleevec. Definitely a medicine that is changing how I&#039;m able to define my qaulity of life living with Stage 4 cancer. Hope all GIST patients are able to receive the benefits of Tasigna,(or Gleevec if that works best for you and your Cancer&#039;s Xenon Mutation)"
"I have only been on the patch for about a month, but I think that it&#039;s long enough for me to have a somewhat legit opinion on this medicine. So far, so good. I was on the pill before I started this, and I never remembered to take it. I would be hours late, sometimes missing it all together, and being sexually active, that&#039;s pretty risky. I love that I only have to change it once a week. I hate how sometimes it sticks to my underwear, and when I pull them down to use the restroom, they pull on it. But that&#039;s all about where on the butt you put it. I&#039;m on my patch off week and I&#039;m having awful cramping. That&#039;s the only downfall. All in all, great."
"I went on the depo in May &#039;15 and just about due for my next dose. I like to have a positive outlook on life but my experience with depo has been dreadful! The evening I got it I started getting severe bug like stomach cramps, shivering and felt really unwell, this lasted for just over 2 weeks. Then about a week later I started bleeding and have yet to stop, on top of that, I&#039;ve been losing weight, nausea, very sore breasts, bad cramping, low mood, fatigue, loss of appetite, strong sense of smell and taste (even gone off foods I used to love - almost feel pregnant in a way!) lots of migraines and over all feel very unwell. Doctor said I&#039;ve just got to wait it out. Worst decision ever - never again!"
"I had my nexplanon placed in 9/2014. It started off great but the last 3 times I have gotten my period (which it states irregular periods in the literature, so I know this was bound to happen) I have had my period for 3 weeks and then 1 week without it. I am getting it removed 10/29/15 and cannot wait. I have no sex drive, and I used to, and don&#039;t seem to find pleasure in things I used to (hobbies etc.)"
"I just got sick from now this medication is never going to work for me I took at 3pm and I just got sick at almost 12 am not even sure if the medication passed through my system"
"I started taking this pill five months ago for terrible cramps. The first 3 months were fine. The period was regular and the cramps were nearly non-existent.  My mood has been up and down, and I am always tired. Last month I bled for over 2 weeks and this month I had only a tiny bit of blood. My boyfriend and I use condoms every time just in case so I&#039;m pretty sure I&#039;m not pregnant. It&#039;s very scary not having a period."
"This was a great BC. I had absolutely no cramping while on my period, no weight gain and beautiful skin. I had no side effects. My period became regulated and I felt absolutely nothing while it was on."
"Work great for me, been on it for the past years."
"I took Tamiflu about 30 hours after showing flu symptoms. A nasal swab showed I was positive for Type A Influenza. I vomited about an 1 1/2 after the first two doses. I was tempted to stop the medication but did not. I am feeling nearly 100% better and it is now day 4. I would definitely take this again."
"I always sleep after 2.30am. It wasn&#039;t really a problem since I&#039;m a freelancer and I could work anytime I want. But sometimes I need to wake up early in the morning I&#039;ve always use Alprazolam to help me get to sleep early.  I don&#039;t like the feeling of taking it, it makes me sleep so fast and it doesn&#039;t feel natural.

I then read about this Melatonin and bought the 3mg, I didn&#039;t take one whole pill, I divided into 2 part. So I just took 1.5mg.. And you know what it works wonder for me! I feel sleepy after taking it and the sleepy feeling was so natural and I also woke with no drowsiness.. 

If you had sleeping problem try this one first.. Make sure you take the lowest dosage before you raise it..."
"I&#039;m on my 5th day of Bupropion for generalized anxiety and depression and so far very happy.  Appetite is way down (food drive was through the roof before) and although sex drive has not changed, the degree of pleasure is up.  I had a feeling of lightheadedness for the first two days before it subsided.  The only real side effect is a mild case of localized dystonia at the base of my neck.  I have had such a positive experience so far with the drug (compared to the many side effects of other medications) that I think I can live with a little discomfort and rigidity for now. "
"My latest thoughts on Cialis and Erectile Dysfunction   Benign Prostate Hyperplasia.
As I arrive at age 90, erection and orgasm with ejaculation/emission are much more difficult to achieve. 
Cialis 5mg daily still gets results including a sensitive slightly aroused penis but not a firm erection and at least one nighttime bathroom visit is necessary. Increasing the dose as high as 20 mg one time gets the same response as the daily 5 mg. 
As usual, YMMV."
"Was given this medication for degenerative disc disease and muscle spasms.  I only take it at night, because it has heavy sedative effects. i.e. I take it at 7:00 pm, go to bed and if I wake up at 10:30 to use the bathroom I feel like I&#039;m drunk, stumbling and uncoordinated.  Makes you sleep through, unfortunately didn&#039;t do much to help the pain, still wake up with pain in my back."
"Hydroxyurea significantly improves the frequency of sickle cell crisis, but it has a long list of adverse effects. But if the dose is monitored properly and complete blood count of patient is done on regular basis, than some of the adverse effects can be easily identified and managed accordingly."
"I am 25 and had the Mirena after having my 4th baby. It was a little painful and I had some cramps the first day but after that it was great and have been great for the past 3 1/2 years! I have not experienced any side effects. I would recommend this to anyone!"
"After trying a mixture of anti-depressants, I was put on Mirtazapine at 35mg, this strength seemed to exasperate my symptoms, making me feel almost crazy, the doctor upped the dose to 45mg and this seemed to be the perfect formula for my body. After 2 or so years I&#039;ve decided to wean myself off them with the doctors help, back on a 35mg dose and finding myself struggling, feel exactly as I did when I was on 35mg three years ago.

I think Mirtazapine can help, it just depends whether your body is compatible with it and even if it is, fine tuning the right strength is imperative."
"I haven&#039;t had a yeast infection in about 10 years but I had them in the past and always used vagisil.  This time a friend suggested monistat.I did not experience immediate pain like the other reviewers but about an hour or so after I inserted the ovule and put the cream on it started coming out.  Not only was it gushing out but I was itching and burning like crazy!I washed all of the topical cream off because I thought it had melted and spread everywhere.I was almost in tears several times today because it burns so bad and the itching is unbearable!!I was barely itching and had no burning or discharge before taking it.I could smell the yeast and knew from past history what the antibiotics do to me so I called myself being proactive.DON&#039;T USE"
"Heart rate was 240 I arrived at the ER within 5 minutes because I live 2 blocks from the hospital and yes I know but I drove myself. Second dose of adenosine lowered heart rate to 110 then it returned to normal within 2 hours. Didn&#039;t like the effects as it was given but I feel it saved my life. Felt burning from head to toe, head pressure and felt like a wave like panic attacks."
"I have had the Mirena for about 6 months now. When it was put in it hurt- off course. I have a sensitive cervix. I was in so much pain, I really wish now that I would have remembered to have the doctor numb me. I had to lay down for about 20 minutes on the table afterwords because I was dizzy. I also am pretty sure I can feel it. I am not feeling it as much now though. It takes time for my body to accept it. So, I wanted to share that I might be one of the few who have had NO period and weight LOSS). I was breastfeeding my second child, so that might be the reason but no &quot;real&quot; period, just some light spotting. Also, I managed to get to below my pre-pregnancy weight. Whaawhoo to that;) I HIGHLY recommend!"
"My father suffered from CA esophagus stage II A. it was very difficult situation he suffered from..had 13 cm of length in esophagus and after 3 chemotherapy of epirubicin, oxaloplatin and with Xeloda tabs ..it was amazing reduction in size up to 2 cm only..then we had operation and again same back up plan with 3 chemo and xeloda....its almost 3 years and he is safe i m happy ..thank god"
"I have tried a few drugs now that are for type 2 Diabetes.  My regular DR sent me to a specialist and she had me try Tradjenta, she said it would help me curb my hungry and such to which it did. The big down fall was that my Blood Sugar went sky rocketing I am also on Lantus pen slow release at night time. We upped my intake at night and it was even higher on fasting.  I have experienced weight gain even though I am not eating as much or carbs.  I have called every week with updates on the issues that I am having with no response from the DR. as of yet.  I have stopped taking this drug and back to just diet and exercise and Lantus at night before bed and guess what, my BS is lower by almost 50 points and this is just one day !"
"I&#039;m 18, and I&#039;ve had it for about a week now. The insertion was fine -- they had to do it without the cervix dilation medication, however, because they forgot to tell me to get it, and as a result i think it was a little more painful than usual. I took deep breaths and it was over in 5 seconds after some pretty intense contractions. After laying down for 20 minutes, I was fine to walk around. I highly reccommend just taking the day off. Cramps got pretty bad and i slept all day when i got home. Since then, I haven&#039;t noted any physical or emotional side effects aside from the constant light bleeding. There are occasional cramps, but they never last for longer than five minutes and occur maybe 3 times a day, so yeah, that&#039;s totally manageable"
"I am mid 40s male and had chronic back pain, spondylosis and degenerative disc disease for the last 5 years to where it became impossible to hardly move without being in pain.  I am allergic to codeine so the doctors tried Vicodin.  I saw nothing with Vicodin except tiredness.  I was asked to try Percocet 5/325 in place of the Vicodin.  Not only has it helped make the pain manageable I actually had the desire to get out of the house and do things that I have not been able to do before taking it.  "
"I suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder with a Panic Disorder. I literally cannot leave the house without this medication because certain things can set me off. I take a rather high dose and have tried to wean down and I got down to 3- 2mg tabs daily from 4 but can&#039;t go out at night without a PRN dose in my purse. It literally is a life saver if you have debilitating anxiety or PTSD. I am calm and in control on it and no outbursts. It also helps with my lung cancer when I get shortness of breath. I can start to panic which makes it worse. I know this is a very easy drug to abuse but I take it only as prescribed because it is so important to my functioning and having a good quality of life."
"Does not help, better when I was on metphomin alone"
"Good experience, helped with my high level of cholesterol and triglycerides. I used the 145 without side effects."
"Once accustomed to Benicar 20 mg., I love it.  After trying Lisinopril for just one day, I kissed the bottle of Benicar!  But best of all, my arthritis pain in my knees has gone away - an amazing bonus."
"Works quite well.  Shot is painless.  I don&#039;t generally have side effects.  I have the Orencia copay assistance that makes the medication affordable."
"I struggled with a fungus in my big toenail for over 10 years. I tried everything I could find in the drug store. I went to a dermatologist who prescribed an internal medicine that I was on two times for 4 months each time that did not cure the fungus. I paid a podiatrist a lot of money to perform laser treatments on the toenail which were painful and did not work. I was giving up hope until I saw the advertisement for Jublia on TV. I asked my dermatologist to prescribe it and it totally cured the fungus in the nail! It took about 9 months for the nail to completely grow out fungus free, but it was worth it! My nail is completely healthy now and has been for about 6 months. I am so thankful for this medication!!!!!"
"It worked well, my moods were more stable. The only downfall was that I gained 20 pounds. As a bulimic and anorexic this terrified me. I ended up going off of it to lose the weight."
"I have had 14 operations and where my back and neck was broke kills me. I have 4 bulging disc  and my m s contin 60 mgs is not working anymore"
"Worst BC EVER I&#039;ve had non stop bleeding since I&#039;ve had it in my moods are horrible I&#039;m depressed I  have ruined numerous pairs of panties because of never knowing when I&#039;m gonna bleeding may one day not the next or just randomly start. I&#039;m emotionally worse after 9 months of BC. I&#039;m calling Doctor tomorrow to get appointment to remove it  I went from having a 2-3 day period to having a 9 month long period I have gained so much weight I gained less the 9 months I was pregnant ."
"I&#039;ve been battling insomnia for almost 5 years, mostly sleep maintenance.  I&#039;ve tried every medication under the sun.  Belsomra is the new kid on the block and works very differently than all other &quot;sleep&quot; drugs (via orexin/hypocretin receptor antagonism).  I&#039;ve been following and waiting for this drug&#039;s release for years.  First night at 20mgs, I slept 8 hours without waking once, something I haven&#039;t done in years, but boy, does it  sure cause next day sedation.  Well, tiredness is a better term.  Doesn&#039;t cause a &quot;hangover&quot; effects like other drugs, just a tired feeling is the best way to describe it.  Will try 10 or 15mgs and see if the next day tiredness lessens."
"I just started taking the drug olanzapine.  However I having problems with rapid weight gain.. In only 6 days of taking the drug, I have gained 6 pounds.   Tomorrow,  I&#039;m starting to exercise at least 20 minutes a day.  Mentally,  I am feeling much better.  I am currently taking 5 mgs of Olanzapine along with 40 mgs of Fluoxetine once daily for major depressive disorder.  I know this medication is working because I am willing to exercise. So far,  so good."
"On my 3rd month of allopurinol 200 mg it doesnt seem to be working.
6.7 ua level 2 months ago. Still redness and pain."
"Frova takes my migraines away every time I feel one coming on.  It&#039;s the only medicine, out of trying several, that works."
"I just started taking this birth control, and I have absolutely no complaints. I&#039;m a psycho about my skin, and so far it hasn&#039;t effected it in anyway and it could possibly be making it better. My sex drive if anything has increased while on this pill, and I have gained No weight! Everyone&#039;s different, so don&#039;t take the all of reviews too seriously! The only thing that I&#039;ve noticed is that the first few weeks of my first pack, I was super emotional but that occurs with any birth control at first! My boobs also get a little tender the first 2 weeks of each pack but it&#039;s nothing that I can&#039;t handle on a scale 1-10 it&#039;s probably a 1.5 on the pain scale for tenderness so nothing to worry about all! It obviously also has prevented pregnancy."
"I have had chronic migraines for as long as I can remember.  To the point where I can&#039;t even talk to answer questions,  walk straight,  I have been accused of being drunk or high because if it.  They could last up to three days, the first time I tried imitrex....  It was quite literally the Holy grail from then on.  The pills take away any aura or migraine in about 20 to 30 minutes and the shots give immediate relief.  Wether or not it&#039;s a placebo,  I swear to the gods,  as soon as you inject into your upper thigh your migraine goes down a few pegs.  Within a few minutes,  nearly or entirely gone.  If you have migraines or clusters ask your doctor.  Don&#039;t take irresponsibly because it can have some weird effects on people."
"I have sleep apnea, and somewhere in the last 7 months developed narcolepsy. I almost lost my job, and spent 4.5 months on disability because I couldn&#039;t stay awake at my desk. I was falling asleep in my car, as a passenger and a driver, falling asleep at diner, on the phone, everywhere. So when I went back to work, I thought I was better, I had been treating my bi-polar with a lot of good medications, so I really felt ready to go back to work. Well about 2 days back to work I was falling asleep again. It was miserable. My sleep Dr wanted me to take a stimulant, and my Psychiatrist prescribed Vyvanse. The first 60 mg pill did nothing. I was falling asleep again. So my doctor advised me to take another 60 mg pill. It worked! I&#039;m doing much better."
"I just started Adipex on 8/20/10. I haven&#039;t weighed yet but I will on 9/02. I will post my results. I currently weigh 195lbs and I&#039;m 5&quot; tall. I had my daughter about 2 years ago and the weight never left. I kind of jump on in. I bought about 10 bottles of water at 8oz so I can drink them daily. I start walking in the morning and cardio in the evening. I will keep that up for two weeks to see results. If my routine works I will keep going. First day I took it in the morning about 30 mind before I ate a bowl of cereal and I wasn&#039;t hungry for the rest of the day. I actually forgot to eat. Day 2 was the same way and day 3 I had breakfast and made myself eat a light dinner before 7. I love how it craves my appetite. that&#039;s progress. Will repost on 9/2. Stay tuned."
"This is the best sleeping pill I&#039;ve ever tried. 30 years now, and still no tolerance issues. I wake up refreshed,  no hangover, unlike all the other sleeping pills, as temazepam is very mild, yet it keeps you asleep.  I take 15 or 30 mg, depending how I feel.  I have tried Halcion and Dalmane, which weren&#039;t very effective.  I also tried Ambien in the mid 90s and had horrible sleepwalking episodes.  This has never happened with Restoril."
"Was prescibed Lexapro for anxiety and panic disorder.  Only could give this a neutral 5 rating as the side effects stopped me after a week from experiencing the possible benefits.  I am told that this is a very good drug by my doctor and shrink alike.  It gave me more anxiety and crazy chest pains.  I was on 10mg daily."
"Worst experience ever. Do not use. Putting the cream on it hurt way worse than my actual pain before! Thought I was crazy then went on this site! Currently screaming and kicking like a child. If it doesn&#039;t end soon I&#039;m washing it out and going to bed :&#039;/"
"I hadn&#039;t had a BM in over a week and took this and I was able to go within a few hours. Not sure if it really worked or if it was just from drinking more water but I think Miralax helped a little! Will use again if needed!"
"I took metronidazole for a BV. It worked right away however my first symptom was metallic taste. Soon my appetite was decreasing. Day 6 I felt extreme nauseous. I have one more to take. I&#039;ve never had horrible experiences swallowing pills except now. Day 7 and I&#039;m still miserable with being nauseous to the point where I can&#039;t get up and do simple daily things. I hope I do not get this again because although the medicine works wonders, the symptoms have been horrible."
"Eh.. will not say I hate this drug but honestly I did not love it. I started taking it in the winter last year  and took it all the way up until about May, my results were nothing what I expected. Some days I thought it was working but really I don&#039;t think it ever did much. Anyways in the summer I stopped taking the medication and the sun did all of the work. But now I am not outside getting sun so my acne is getting awful. I was prescribed  to take spironolactone a medication know to help people with high potassium. I waited about a month before I took the prescription, I finally convinced myself to take it after reading the rates and results. I am excited to use it and hope for the best results. Also this medication is used to treat hormonal acne"
"I was a heroin addict for four years. I went through inpatient rehab twice and outpatient once. My family was at the end of their rope. In a final &quot;Hail Mary,&quot; my parents decided to give Vivitrol a try (in conjunction with group and individual therapy sessions). I have been clean from all opiates for 18 months now. The turn around I&#039;ve made in my life is remarkable. Medication used to treat addiction is tricky, because it will not work unless the patient truly wants to get clean. Nothing will stop an addict who wants to use from using. The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced have been mild sleep disruption, but I am glad to be awake and sober rather than sound asleep and an addict."
"What a wonderful drug vraylar is. I feel normal again and am having no side effects."
"I got Mirena six months ago and I&#039;m so happy that I did.  My doctor did not place Mirena while on my period. I took a pill which softened my cervix and had it placed the next day. There was a horrible pinching feeling when she inserted it, but it immediately stopped once inserted.  I didn&#039;t bleed at all until my period started a week later... but then, I bled for three months straight.  It was mostly heavy spotting, but it was inconvenient for three months. Almost to the day, three months later, I stopped bleeding and I haven&#039;t had a period since. Getting Mirena was one of the best decisions I&#039;ve ever made."
"Most awesome drug. Doc must write excessive daytime sleepiness for insurance to pay. Practically no side effects"
"I have been diagnosed with Bipolar.  Initially, I really did not believe that I had this disorder.  However, I feel so much better after 1 month on this medicine.  I feel normal for the first time in 4 years.  I am happy and energetic.  I also notice a significant improvement in my memory and concentration.  Since the medication has made a significant improvement in my quality of life, I am no longer in denial."
"The first day I took alesse I felt perfectly normal. The next day I instantly felt nauseous and tired. The third day and 3 days after I had severe migraines that never seemed to go away even after taking 2 400mg advils. The migraines went away for a week but came back this week for another dreadful 4 days. Couldn&#039;t handle it anymore and went to my doctor who advised me to stop taking the pills and wait a week to see if the migraines continue without the use of alesse. Hopefully I just need to change brands of birth control to better suit me! I&#039;m sure it&#039;s a great birth control just wasn&#039;t for me!"
"I am prescribed 1-2 (10mg) tabs of Methadone, up to 6 times every 24 hours. On the &quot;good&quot; days, I take a lower dose (like 3 (10mg) tabs in 24 hours) with pretty much complete relief &amp; on the &quot;worst&quot; of days, the max dose (12 (10mg) tabs in 24 hours) makes doing the everyday &quot;necessities&quot; actually possible. The biggest negative I&#039;ve experienced while on this medicine, is a MAJOR WEIGHT GAIN of around 1-2 lbs a WEEK (So like 40lbs in 6 months, before I started working out &amp; dieting to compensate)! Also, this medication has COMPLETELY STOPPED my menstrual cycle! However with these downsides, I&#039;d still strongly suggest this medicine for those with chronic severe back pain!"
"Taking pregablin for restless legs is great and works for me ....but I do have to keep a check on my weight because it cause weight gain"
"I was in such pain. Everyday I would push myself to go to work. Once I started taking lyrics I noticed a considerable reduction of the pain in my body, my headaches, nails, skin and feet pain diminished 50%. My energy level increased and my depression seemed less."
"It causes a rapid heartbeat and can cause blood pressure to increase, which is dangerous for people that have hypertension."
"As a first-time BC user, I feel Gildess is a good choice. Almost a year on it, no babies, and the only major issue is the few but annoying breakouts. Getting used to it was an emotional adventure but no major weight gain and my libido has even increased! I would take this pill over any non-combination pill and feel very lucky that starting with it was not too bad. Everyone&#039;s body is different but this is a good pill if it is a suitable match for you."
"I&#039;ve been using victoza for 3 months now. 1.6 for few weeks then 1.8.  I had one night of sickness at beginning and another recently but in general it&#039;s more like the thought of eating food that makes me feel sick. My bowel and stomach feels a lot like I need to have an evacuation but I&#039;ve not had diarrhea. As for weight loss I&#039;ve gone from over 17 stone to 14st 7lbs in 3 months without doing anything. My Hbc1a has dropped from over 25 to around 7.. So everything is pretty amazing. I&#039;m lucky that it&#039;s free for me in UK but it did take a few years to get it prescribed by my diabetic specialist nurse.  I don&#039;t know if there are any long term side effects but at present I believe it has changed and saved my life."
"This medication has greatly improved my quality of life.  Had many failed therapies. Now life is not 100%; however, it is in the 90s.  I am grateful for this medication.
Another issue:  I take 2, twice a day.  Cigna changed their prices from 50 copay each 90 day supply to 100 copay.
Nevertheless, this medication is excellent.
"
"Started this medication on 11/3 and I&rsquo;m down 21lbs. My problem is definitely psychological/mental and Contrave appealed to me because it helps with the chemical levels in your brain. Started seeing a change on the second day. Not wanting the junk food and not as much. Was automatically choosing healthier food not even thinking about it. Was satisfied with having healthy foods and not feeling deprived. Also gave me the want to exercise and not feel like I had to drag myself to the gym. Did see the &ldquo;effectiveness&rdquo; of it wear off as I got closer to upping the dose which concerns me that after hitting the 4 pills a day I&rsquo;m gonna stall out. Side effects: queasy after taking it and dry mouth like crazy. but makes me drink more water so + &amp; -"
"I was on this medication for about 3 year for depression/anxiety.  During the time I took this medication it completely numbed any emotion that a normal person would get.  About six months ago I decided that I was ready to discontinue my use of this medication and slowly reduced my doses.  Coming down from this was extremely difficult and painful.  I would have the craziest/scariest dreams, intense night sweats, severe headaches, uncontrollable body shaking and muscle twitching, some nausea/vomiting, but the worst of all the side effects was when my heart would race so fast it felt like it was going to break out of my chest, and my heart would feel like it was skipping beats, and each time that happened I would get an intense head rush."
"The Best."
"This is an exceptional drug for pain relief but the side effects far outweigh the pain relieving benefits. I took Ultram ER,300 MG for 3 months for low back pain and like I said it was a savior for my pain. However, I started to have some strange dreams with muscle spasms, constipation and extreme fatigue. I stopped the drug about 10 days ago and have finally started to feel better. I am 73 years old and in good health, except for the back pain."
"I haven&#039;t had big issues with this pill. I was on Junel Fe, but my pharmacy switched it back in early February or March of this year. I haven&#039;t really seen issues with this brand. I used to have really heavy periods, but now with Microgestin, they are really, really light. My last period was the lightest I had ever seen it, which makes me worry, but reading other comments I feel better. Everyone is different. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain or breast enlargements. I love the fact that I start my period every month on the same day, Tuesdays, (or sometimes Mondays). It usually lasts 3-4 days. The only &quot;trouble&quot; with this pill is the lightness of my period."
"I had this inserted right about a year ago. I moved from the depo shot to the iud, i have also tried the pill in the past. The shot and the pill both gave me really out of control mood swings, so I thought this would be better. I will say that it is very effective, I have not had a period since I have been on it and have had no pregnancies. The major drawback for me is the mood swings and depression. The first six months were okay, nothing too noticeable. After that mood swings/depression/anger/anxiety hit me like a freight train. As for the birth control itself I would give it a 10/10 in effectiveness and ease of use. I&#039;m getting mine removed because I can&#039;t deal with the emotional side effects anymore."
"Have been on and off Seroquel for a few years for severe obsessive compulsive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. Self harm has been a big compulsion for me. With this medicine it really helps reduce that and many other compulsions. Only big side effect is weight gain. But after being it for half a year I realize I&#039;d rather be over weight then have the symptoms i typically have."
"Been taking this for about 2 months, done absolutely nothing but pull acne out.  If you want good results fast definitely do not go for this.  I doubt that it will ever clear up at this rate. 4/10 only because it helped a little bit of zits go away."
"A few comments regarding my and others&#039; experiences here. I have been on campral three times over the last 15 years so have a bit of experience here.

This is not a magic bullet. If you are not seeing a professional d and a counsellor for at least a year after detox you will set yourself up for relapse.

You will need to be on this for at least a year to allow your counselling and brain to kick into recovery. Don&#039;t fool yourself that once your cravings magically disappear that you are cured. It takes dedication to stay out of the trap and the middle aged coffin.

If you do relapse (read fool yourself that controlled drinking is possible for an alcoholic) keep taking the campral, double your counselling and pour the rest in the sink."
"For me it&#039;s better than taking nothing."
"I was pretty much forced into trying this injection because I have history of premature labor. I did it every week same day of the week for 6 months and I still went into labor at 36weeks same as my son without the injection. It made my bones hurt like I had arthritis and I felt weak. I wouldn&#039;t suggest this for anyone. It did nothing for me. And I was worried what it did do to my baby if it didn&#039;t help at all."
"Have been taking Lunesta, 3mg, for over five years getting 7 to 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep each night. The last prescription my provider filled was a generic made by Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, believe me it is not the same as Lunesta,  I only get about 4 hours of sleep before waking. I recommend that if you have stay away from this brand of generic as it does not have the same effect on your sleep as Lunesta."
"I am on 150mg of Zoloft (Sertraline) daily.  It has been a life saver.  My GAD is under control, and I am enjoying life to the fullest.  Gone are the days of constant worry and irrational fears.  I also experienced few side effects as well."
"Helped with pain in lower back and burning in feet when I first started taking it.  Now, it has been almost a year and I feel like it may not be working as well.  Still working but I feel like I might be getting to used to the medication."
"I switched my birth control to chateal reluctantly because my previous birth control was discontinued. I didn&#039;t like the switch at all, after two months on it I went to have my pill switched again and my doctor said to give it more time, nothing ever changed. I gained a full cup size in my breast as well as about 10 pounds total. I also had extreme headaches, breast pain, and was virtually emotionless. I just had my pill switched and am starting on Microgestin Fe at the end of the month."
"It&#039;s not bad at all! Just drink cold and mix with crystal light lemonade mix! It&#039;s just like drinking lemonade or lemon-lime Gatorade. Bowel movement about 30 minutes after first cup. I anticipated it to be so awful but just drink with the crystal light it&#039;s fine!!"
"My son&#039;s father suffered for years with bi-polar, he now takes lexapro and has held down a real job for over a month now.  This medication has been so great for him and for the family members."
"I haven&#039;t had a bowel movement for 2 weeks so yesterday I took two in the morning and went to the bathroom around 3pm but it didn&#039;t fully help so I also took one in the evening. Around 2am I had the most painful cramps I&#039;ve experienced in my life, but then again, it did clean me out and I didn&#039;t drink water so that was a big mistake. My advice is to take 1 if it has only been less than a week and 3 for over two weeks. The cramps are pretty bearable if the bathroom is right next to you, so good luck."
"This is my first day of use...2nd application. I already have some relief where I got none from lidocaine and diltiazem."
"I have been getting Iron treatments for a few years now...they have been long and drawn out, up until now.  I used to have to get 3 treatments a/week for 10-12 weeks...which meant my days were short and I couldn&#039;t do anything else.  Then the iron would last for about 4-6 months..then my count would go back down to 6.9 or 7.1 and I would start all over again.  My Doctor tried Venofer this last time and I had 2 treatments, lasting 1 to 1 and1/2 hours each and I was done...WOW! What a difference. I just went for a check up and my count was 11.7, and my treatment was in September.  Normally, I&#039;m preparing to start treatments again, because my count would be down to 9 by now. I&#039;m truly impressed with this treatment."
"Since I&#039;ve had this inserted, I&#039;ve had bleeding/spotting for 13 months. When I first had it put in a year and a half ago, I had my period for 6 months straight. It is effective when it comes to avoiding pregnancy."
"I&#039;ve only been on this for two weeks and my acne is a million times worse. I&#039;m so embarrassed to go in public because it&#039;s never been this bad before. Is it normal for it to make it worse before better?? I also have not stopped bleeding since I had my period what is going on??"
"So far I like it. I&#039;ve only been taking it for a few days so I may rate it again if any other side effects start. My acne has cleared up a little already and I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;ve been slightly more energetic than when I was taking Levora which always made me tired. I&#039;ve also noticed a lot of people said it decreased their sex drive. For me, it has increased my sex drive, but I don&#039;t self-lubricate, so it kinda sucks. But other than that I like it so far."
