"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 6 months already and my skin is worse than before taking it.  I&#039;m have suffered from acne for 17 years, but I had not had any breakouts on my forehead for a long time until I got on this pill.   I won&#039;t even talk about my chin because it&#039;s terrible.  I really feel frustrated because I have spent thousands of dollars trying to find a solution for my chronic acne and I have not been successful.   I&#039;ve tried antibiotics,  ointments,  scrubs, etc... my last resource was this pill and it didn&#039;t work."
"I have been taking Naproxen for 7 months 500mg and it is very effective but does have an impact on the stomach. I recently caught gastroenteritis and what normally lasts for 48 hours lasted 11 days, which may have been down to my weakened stomach lining. I was dehydrated and lost 1.5 stone. I am now going to try and manage the pain with ibuprofen and paracetamol."
"Just wanted to share my experience. Woke up in the middle of the night 2 weeks ago with a massive panic attack that I thought was a heart attack. Went to the ER two nights in a row because they just wouldn&#039;t stop. Saw my doctor the next day and was diagnosed with general anxiety and panic disorder. Was prescribed 20 MG prozac (fluoxetine). First week was horrible, almost all my symptoms increased couldn&#039;t eat lost my sex drive. It&#039;s now a week in and I can&#039;t even tell you how much better I feel. Everything is back to normal eating like crazy, sex drive is back this drug is a miracle. It will probably worsen your symptoms at first but think of it as an investment and keep pushing through and you should feel better. Hope this helps anyone."
"Started taking Trazodone a couple of weeks ago. No side effects and thought it was going to be great that I might actually sleep. I did the first few nights, but now I&#039;m back to insomnia. I&#039;m only on 50mg, so maybe I just need a higher dose."
"I&#039;ve been using this for quite awhile for my very painful osteoarthritis in my knuckles. It still amazes me how well it works. I get horrible burning pain and this works within minutes. Great med!"
"It works fantastic."
"continued....The colonscopy I had this week was using Suprep. I did the lime thing and mixed with chilled Propel and chilled medicine. I couldn&#039;t taste much of it and was able to drink all of it. It took 30 minutes to work and it dripped out for the next four hours. I still had a few particles coming out at bedtime. I was able to drink the next dosage at 2am but didn&#039;t get any sleep because it dripped out all the way to the time I was leaving the house for the procedure. I just drank ginger ale and  gatorade for the hour afterwards because I couldn&#039;t keep water or propel down. Had Propapil for anesthesia so woke up easier but was groggy all day long, glad I didn&#039;t need to get anything done. My colon was clean and clear though with no polyps"
"I asked my Doctor about Belsomra  and he gave me some 20 mg samples.  It works great.  I had no side effects although I seem to build up a resistance to it every several  weeks and have to go off it for about a week.   Only bad side effect I have had is the price.   Even with insurance, it is a sticker shock."
"Pain and swelling in the vicinity of my tailbone led to an emergency room visit where I had a pilonidal cyst drained. After the doctor incised and drained my cyst, he prescribed me Bactrim and Keflex. He explained that the Keflex was intended to treat the infection if it was MRSA while Bactrim would cover all other bases.
A week into my 10 day course of antibiotics, I went to bed with a developing fever. In the morning, I awoke to discover that my entire body was covered in a red, splotchy rash. I immediately went to a medical professional who informed me that I was likely having a severe allergic reaction to Bactrim. I was informed that my fever and rash would persist for days to weeks and may progress to anaphylaxis."
"After just one day of using Pataday, I woke up for the first time with my eyes feeling normal and comfortable. I want to give this medication a chance and well worth the cost. I don&#039;t have insurance either. For years I have been suffering with eye pain, dryness and pressure. Sun sensitive.  Today after one dose I feel terrific."
"I am 39 and was given Xarelto for Pulmonary Embolism.  I have experienced nausea, dizziness, dreams and mild headaches. Not sure this medicine is for me. Back to doctor on Monday."
"I have had to have several colonoscopies over the years and have always been given picolax.  I was slightly concerned with the Moviprep as there was a lot to drink.  However if you pace yourself over say an hour its fine make sure its cold and maybe suck a halls menthal sweet with it.  It works quickly and much less pain and discomfort than with the Picolax.  I had it at 5pm went to the toilet a lot up until about 10pm then actually had a night sleep.  Next morning the same amount again, toilet for about another 4 hours then off to the hospital.  I seemed to be able to keep more hydrated with this preparation than with the Picolax as I did not feel so rotten and sick.  Much more comfortable experience all round."
"The nurse practioner told me to &quot;take this with one foot in the bed&quot;, implying that it was very powerful. Nope!! The only thing it does for me is give me crazy dreams. It does NOTHING for my insomnia."
"I wish BuSpar was the solution I was looking for to help control panic attacks but it wasn&#039;t for me!
After 10 years of taking Zoloft (an SSRI) which worked to help control panic attacks, I decided to consult my doctor to see if there was an alternative drug safe for pregnant or nursing mommas. He recommended BuSpar and I so wanted it to work but not only did my panic attacks come back in full force, but I also had muscle weakness and these weird &quot;zaps&quot; in my head/ears."
"Have been taking Prozac for 16 years. Love it. Life is much smoother with it.   I took a break from Prozac for about 6 months and noticed all the old depressive action return.  Recently,  I had my Dr. increase it to 40 mg each day. Life is good!"
"I&#039;m a young woman in my early twenties with moderate acne.  If you&#039;re just starting Retin-A, STICK WITH IT  I started using Retin-A (0.01%) every night in December of 2013.  I was very frustrated because my acne became worse for about 2 months.  However, I stuck with it and by July 2014 my acne had noticeably decreased.  It is now October 2014 and I&#039;ve been getting compliments on how great my skin looks!  For the first time in years, I don&#039;t feel like I have to wear liquid foundation to cover up my acne. If you experience flaking, remember that moisturization is key if you&#039;re using Retin-A!"
"I got Mirena inserted 2.5 years ago. The insertion was slightly painful but I&#039;m good with pain. It wasn&#039;t till I left my doctors that I felt sharp cramps, which only lasted a day. At first I loved Mirena. I honestly can&#039;t take anyone&#039;s experience with Mirena less than a year seriously. That&#039;s because the first year of me having it I too thought it was amazing. No having to worry about the pill everyday, no bleeding, no pregnancy ! It was amazing, until about 9 months in. I started to get severe hormonal chin acne, mood swings, hair loss and dryness. I got my first BV infections, and the worst yeast infections. My sex drive is non existing anymore so that birth control within it own! Biggest factor was how crazy it&#039;s made me."
"I used Campral a couple of years ago and it worked great, although it did give me terrible gas. I stopped taking it and have relapsed and I am getting back on it. It really worked. Thank God for the help."
"Tips for completing this prep:

1. Use half orange or citrus Vitamin Water or Gatorade, half regular water, to make the solution. The vitamins and minerals help reduce unpleasant side effects.
2. Mix prep ahead of time and refrigerate for two hours or more. 
3. Use a straw to drink the solution. 
4. Drink water, apple juice, white grape juice or other clear liquids as a chaser.
5. Before the prep, during, and after, drink a lot of water. This gives your body something to evacuate and keeps you hydrated through the process. I cannot stress this enough. 
6. Grimace and bear it. While not a fun process, this prep is one of the better ones out there. 

Cheers."
"I was previously diagnosed with Lupus after a few miscarriages.  Now for the past 16 years I am being treated for fibromyalgia. I&#039;ve been on Ultram for 15 years. I take 1 to 1-1/2 tablets every 4-6 hours 3 x&#039;s day.  It has enabled me to stay working full time outside the home with very few side effects. I can always tell if I forget to take them as I start feeling the joint pain real bad and no energy. It has been an absolute life saver for me."
"This product overall did it&#039;s purpose which is prevention of pregnancy. I did have bleeding about 6 days after I took the pill. Cramping that was not normal, and my 28 day cycle was off I ended up 4 days late. Those were the worst 4 days of my life by the way. But overall I&#039;m not pregnant so I&#039;m happy. But of course the best thing you can do I&#039;d practice safe sex use condoms and birth control and let this be a last resort."
"I was prescribed Accutane for mild to severe cystic acne on my face back and chest, and was literally clear within 2 weeks and even showed signs of healing of old scars on my face. I highly recommend this drug for those who have no psych issues as it is believed that it can cause depression.  Try it, it works."
"I was taking this pill for PCOS and heavy periods, and also birth control. While it helped my period become regular (which is very, very nice), and I guess lightened my period (but not by much), the side effects are just too much. I&#039;ve never had such intense breast pain in my life (I even tested for pregnancy to be sure I wasn&#039;t missing something), acne that I never had even as a teenager has been plaguing me, and my mood swings are awful. I switch from happy to angry and depressed within minutes, which isn&#039;t like me at all. I&#039;m moving off this pill thank the Lord."
"I have been taking carvedilol tablets 6.25 since 2008 and it&#039;s great. I have very few side effects if any when I first started taking it, otherwise three thumbs up!"
"This review is for the injectable form of Imitrex (sumatriptan) only. For anyone that has tried the pill or nasal spray forms and found them ineffective, please try the injections. They work wonders and act fast. I&#039;ve tried the other types and they actually seemed to make me more nauseous and (especially the nasal spray).  I keep one in my purse at all times so that I can get relief anytime a migraine hits. The pain is not bad as the needle is very small and thin. You don&#039;t have to jab yourself, just press against your skin and push a button. The pain of migraine is much worse! I&#039;ve found the most comfortable injection site to be the bit of fat at the top of my buttox. I use the 6mg injections but I&#039;m pretty sure there is also a lower dose."
"I really wanted this medicine to work.  My doctor gave me a sample and I tried it for a week.  Then I got my prescription filled.  After two more weeks me face started turning red in the middle of the day.  I don&#039;t mean a little pink, I mean red, almost purple.  It would take several hours to subside.  My nose was affected worst.  In order to determine if the Mirvaso was the cause, I started using it on only one side of my face.  Sure enough, the side with the Mirvaso turned extremely red during the day.  I am going to stop using this medicine.  It was very expensive, but did not work for me."
"I have advanced osteoarthritis, disc degenerative disease, foraminal stenosis and central stenosis. In additon, I have had two back surgeries in the last year. I have to take a higher dosage (60mg twice a day) but it allows me to function in a reasonable manner. Without it the pain is excrutiating. Now I can exercise and move."
"Starting in elementary school, my acne was horrible. At age 13, it morphed into a rare form of cystic acne. Came back a couple years after the first bout was defeated. Currently just 18, and have been on Ocella since mid August.  Since being put on Ocella, my acne has decreased immensely, and stayed as regular types of breakouts rather than the cystic variety. Haven&#039;t experienced any major side effects, although I am more prone to getting emotional over the sweet, mushy gushy stuff. At first, my sex drive was higher (even though I&#039;ve never actually acted on it), but that has calmed down now. My periods are a bit lighter, and are slightly more predictable down to the start and end days. I would definitely recommend this birth control."
"I was on Lotrel for approximately 3/4 months.  Had severe swelling and pain in legs and feet.  Did not do much in making my blood pressure any lower.  No longer on this medicine."
"I&#039;m a horrible diabetic.  I eat anything I want and never check my sugar. I&#039;ve been on Trulicity for approx. 8 mos and I think its a  wonder drug.  My A1C was 7 and I eat sweets and quit exercising because of surgery and it still went down. I take 26U of Levemir  but guessing that will be cut down. I didn&#039;t realize the Trulicity dose had been increased two months ago, but am relieved to know. I thought I was dying due to uncontrolled diarrhea and public accidents. Horrifying, but am adjusting to increased dose and can&#039;t wait until next week to see what my A1C is. I hate taking medication and do have side effects, but usually adjust after a period and feel pretty good. Much better than having an A1C over 9, and high sugars. Don&#039;t give up."
"My only problem with this medicine is that it costs $4000 a year or $333.43 month. "
"This stuff did not help me sleep whatsoever... and when I DID sleep, it gave me horrible nightmares, sleep paralysis, and very vivid/strange dreams."
"I&#039;ve used this product for 12 weeks now my comedone acne completely cleared after 8 weeks of use. Broke out a lot in the first 8 weeks but once I reached 8 weeks and onwards my skin has drastically changed. Would definitely recommend this for comedone acne and do try and persevere as it take at least 8 weeks to work."
"Good medicine."
"Really gets me through the worst days!"
"I tried Milk of Magnesia on my face not too long ago. I suffer from acne and very oily skin. It helped dry out my oily skin. It left my skin feeling smooth too. I now use this as a mask once a week."
"I have been taking Aviane for the past 3 years, and I have no complaints whatsoever. You may have headaches, nausea, or spotting when you first begin taking it, but that&#039;s just your body getting used to it: don&#039;t be fooled by terrifying reviews if they&#039;ve been taking it for less than three months.
Before I started Aviane, my cycles were INSANE. I would be in terrible pain and the changes in my hormone levels were so extreme that I would often have excruciating migraines and vomit for 8+ hours.
Now my periods are very light, regular, and typically last for only 3 days. My skin is clearer, and while I did put on some weight at first, it was less than 10 pounds and I&#039;ve already worked it off.
I would recommend this pill to women everywhere."
"I am prone to yeast infections during pregnancy. This is my first one for this pregnancy and it is horrible. I used Vagisil Extra Strength to help with the itchiness. It made my symptoms worse. Usually I use a 1% hydrocortisone cream. I did get a prescription from my doctor for Diflucan and took it ASAP. No relief yet. Hoping that my body hasn&#039;t gotten use to the medicine. If so, I am in for a miserable pregnancy."
"I got my implant inserted in February 2015. I got my period around the beginning of March and bled every single day for 3 months straight. It finally went away and came back 2 weeks later, staying for another 2 weeks. To sum it up, this implant is not for me. It is almost six months in and I&#039;m still having stomach cramps and bleeding and mood swings and everything else...I&#039;m sick of it now!"
"For the first 3 months I experienced terrible cramps and extremely heavy bleeding but then again, before I started taking this BC, I was on my period for a month straight with terrible cramps and heavy bleeding as well. This BC does a good job regulating my period and around month 4, bleeding was a bit lighter and cramping was not apparent at all. I am now on month 5 and I have been breaking out more- lot of icky whiteheads on my cheeks not sure if its cause of the BC, but my period is extremely light and I have no cramps whatsoever. At first I hated Estarylla but now I adore it cause my body just had to adjust after 4 years of abnormal menstrual cycles and menorrhagia."
"I had cataract surgery in November.  One of the problems I was experiencing with my cataracts were halos and &quot;starbursts&quot; around lights.   The surgery resolved that problem.

After the surgery, I developed symptoms of dry eye.   My doctor prescribed Xiidra to relieve the dry eye.  The Xiidra drops burned my eyes severely and also burned the skin around my eyes.  I had to stop using it after a week.  To my great disappointment and alarm, the halos around the lights have returned.  The only thing I did differently after the surgery was to use Xiidra.  I am convinced that Xiidra has damaged my eyesight."
"Do not take this product if you think you have an irritation or ulcer in your colon. It works for about 4 hours (had about 5 to 7 visits to the toilet). In the 5th hour (11PM), I start getting intense pain in my lower right abdomen where the colon is located. The pain was so severe that I was not able to lay down. I could sit to ease the pain somewhat but still could not fall asleep. I stood periodically to ease the pain, but basically had a sleepless night. I decided not to take the second dose at 5AM for fear the pain would be even worse.  I was not able to have the colonoscopy as a result."
"Experiencing a little nausea.  It seems since I started this medication 1 week ago I can no longer stomach coffee.  My Dr. is weaning me off zoloft.  Zoloft zapped my energy after 3 years.  Dreams are vivid but sleep is good.  I am experiencing nocturnal erections again and my libido has increased."
"Xanax (Alprazolam) has been a miracle for me. I suffer from depression, severe anxiety from GAD, Panic Disorder, OCD, and PTSD. Xanax helps prevent panic attacks and stop them once they start. Be careful about taking it everyday due to tolerance being built up to the medicine (needing more and more to get the same effect) and because of addiction issues. I don&#039;t take regular Xanax everyday. I try to stick with the extended-release version, if possible, to avoid addiction to regular Xanax. Regular Xanax, however, works hard and fast and is great for those who really need it. I give it a 10/10!"
"I had Skyla inserted June 8, 2016. The insertion was more uncomfortable than painful, and I have a very low pain tolerance. I had it inserted while I was on my period. DO NOT work after the insertion. I thought I would be fine, but I felt like I was going to pass out and had extreme cramps. For the first couple of months I had cramps and bleeding every single day. I still have random intense cramping followed by spotting, but skyla is worth it. You don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill and my periods are finally starting to regulate after years of randomly getting it and never knowing when it was coming. Def recommend, just have to deal with side effects for the first couple of months."
"Parents putting there kids on this stuff, yikes, man I just feel bad for your poor child. You realize you&#039;re giving them pure amphetamine right? I would avoid taking amphetamines until your brain has finished developing. Age 21-25. It&#039;s just absurd that something like Vyanse is prescribed to children. That said, for adults, this stuff is wondrous. Has changed my life. I&#039;ve been taking 60mg Vyvanse for 3yrs straight with zero issues. Zero break.  Zero tolerance. I&#039;m 32. Male. I&#039;ve literally tried it all (Dex, Desoxyn, Addie, Provigil) &amp; nothing comes close Vyvanse! If you truly have ADHD as an adult, this drug will alter your life in such a positive way! Adults only though!!! Common parents, you&#039;re totally screwing your kids over."
"I was at a breaking point and couldn&#039;t take any more bad thought and sad days. It got to the point where I was crying up to 4 times a day, snapping at my husband and kids, having to call in to work because I couldn&#039;t pull it together long enough to function.  It was bad.  I had negative thoughts and obsessed about something bad happening to myself or my daughter and not at the hands of myself.  
Side effects were bad at first-insomnia, nausea, swimmy head, anxiety, those only lasted until about day 5 and was told to push through and tough it out.  Every day since has been better and better and I finally feel normal again.  Lexapro saved my life."
"I started having headaches, pressure, and a hangover like feeling in the mornings about a year ago.  In early December 2014 I was diagnosed with migraines which were causing my issues.  My neurologist put me on 300mg of gabapentin and I felt great from 12/5-12/20. I started getting the morning hangover feeling again on 12/21.  My neurologist is now upping the dosage, hope it gets me back to that point/place."
"I started getting cold sores about 2 years ago. I have tried everything...rubbing alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, nail polish remover, L-Lysine, bactine, abreva, ice, biotin...you name it and I&#039;ve tried it. Nothing worked for me. Finally I sucked it up and went to a doctor about it and was prescribed acylvoir. I don&#039;t get any kind of tingle, so at the very first sign of a bump, I take 2 400mg pills, and then about 2 hours later I take 2 more. Within hours the bump is gone. This drug is a miracle!"
"Amazing relief, almost instantly I feel some relief and migraine is gone within half hour. No side effects at all."
"My dentist perscribed Tramadol yesterday because of an abcessed tooth.  I see an Endodontist this morning.  It helped with pain, but I have not slept one minute all night.  My mind raced all night.  I was so sleepy, but if I closed my eyes I had movie like images racing.  I have never been on any kind of &quot;speed&quot; but I feel like this is what it would be like."
"I end up in the ER at least twice a month with migraines so bad that I&#039;m in tears and can&#039;t even hold water down because of the nausea from the migraine, and I am given this medicine every time I go in and it has never worked for me."
"This is the worst thing I ever did to myself. Got this in August 2016 got my period beginning of September and it&#039;s now December 2nd and I&#039;m STILL have my period from September. To make matters worse I had surgery on November 18th and since then it&#039;s been dark nasty and smells. On that note I have an appointment to get it out on December 6th and hopefully my period goes back to normal.

The only reason this birth control works is because who wants to have sex when they have nasty blood coming out of them?!"
"I have had the mirena in almost 2 years. It has cause so much pain. Whenever I first got it the obgyn told me I would not have periods and if I did it just be here and there of spotting. The bleeding that&#039;s recently been happening is really heavy bleeding. I don&#039;t know if something is wrong or what&#039;s going on with it. I wouldn&#039;t suggest it to anybody. It causes so much pain and periods are not regular, and they are very heavy periods. It was so much money to get it in, but there is no way i&#039;m keeping it, the mood swings, the random heavy periods, and the pain. I can&#039;t handle it any more."
"I hate the depo. It completely took  away my sex drive, so the shot is pointless anyway when I&rsquo;m not sexually active. I&rsquo;ve also been on my period/spotting for 7 weeks. This shot is miserable I can&rsquo;t wait for it to be out of my system. The negative side effects seem to effect more people than the positive! I highly recommend getting another form of birth control. I wish this didn&rsquo;t even exist."
"Update! I initially gave my review about Genvoya within the first few days of starting it. 2 months in I have Great news. My viral load has been checked twice since taking Genvoya two months ago. 1st month VL went from 20000 to 459 CD4 went from 370 to 570. 2nd month VL went from 459 to 102. This is Life Saving Medicine. 1st few days I had slight nausea and headache, feeling of bengay or icy rub on my arms and hands. After two months 0 side effects with the exception of being hungry all the time. I&#039;m energetic, not tired anymore, everyone says I have this glow, feel really great! I take Genvoya with food and without. I take it before bed. This is great medicine. I can drink a beer with it no side effects at all... I absolutely love Genvoya"
"This medicine works wonders! I was having severe nausea &amp; vomiting every morning to the point I was losing so much weight. My doctor prescribed me Diclegis , I take 2 at night &amp; one during the day because of how tired it makes me. Ever since I&#039;ve been taking it I&#039;ve been able to hold down food &amp; water &amp; I&#039;ve also gained an appetite. Without these I wouldn&#039;t be able to go to work. I love them!"
"I have been on Paxil for about 15-16 yrs now. I have probably had social anxiety problems since grade school. It just got worse. Paxil is a good medicine for me but not sure at this point that 30 to 20 mg was a good weaning action. My social anxiety in AA has now increased due to decrease in medicine. 
When I look at the &quot;good&quot; Paxil has done, it far outweighs the &quot;bad&quot;. Having social anxiety is something that can isolate a person. I am not perfect in that regard, but this medicine has definitely been a positive thing in my life. It&#039;s not perfect, as I have to work on myself constantly, but it has helped me!"
"I sing the praises of Lamictal. I have been on 150mg in the morning for over 7 years along with Seroquel XL 100 mg at night. The combination has changed my life. I could not imagine life without depression and anxiety before I started these medicines. No side effects from either one. I feel fortunate."
"Asacol had no impact on my Crohn&#039;s flare-ups at all. Until the biologic medicines came out, I had no relief at all. I suggest starting with  mild drug like this but to realize that there are so many more options available today if this does not help."
"Ultram worked very well with no bad side effects for postoperative pain."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months and haven&#039;t experienced any symptoms. It made my acne disappear a little. I noticed I have none on my chest now. I do not take the placebos so I don&#039;t have a period. I didn&#039;t gain weight. Maybe a little nausea the past month. Maybe a little more sensitive in my mood."
"I tested positive for Influenza A on Tuesday afternoon, I took my first dose of Tamiflu that night. Had a fever over night but then my temp broke by Wednesday morning, so that was the last time I had a fever and today is now Sunday.

My only 2 complaints about the Tamiflu is that it made me incredibly nauseous every time I took it and I also got bad headaches from it too."
"All of the negative reviews for this device had me so frightened to have the Mirena put in that I almost backed out at the last minute.  I just had it inserted yesterday and haven&#039;t had time to experience many of the side effects that others are talking about, but I can tell you my situation.  I have a great doctor and I just had a baby 8 weeks ago.  I can honestly tell you that there was no pain associated with this procedure at all for me.  The most I felt was a minor cramp (This is not pain ladies!)  When the device settled into the uterus it actually felt more like a baby kicking than anything else.  I will acknowledge that everyone is different and someone else may have a different experience."
"I used Prepopik for a colonoscopy today.  Used it as instructed by my Dr and last dose was 10 pm for a 9:30am procedure.  I get colonoscopies every three years so have had many experiences with different solutions.  Prepopik was very easy to use as it is not as intense as others.  I had no side effects however I. Still had diarrhea when it was time for the procedure.  Not fun and my system was not nearly as clean as with all others I have used.  That being said I would not use this again as it is more important to prep well to get the best result from the colonoscopy.  I would put up with inconvenience to ensure a clean colon.  I will ask not to use this next time."
"I&#039;m coming off the depo shot. My second and last shot was six months ago, but it&#039;s still in my system. after my first dose of the depo shot, my periods stopped immediately. No bleeding AT ALL since then. Which I wouldn&#039;t really mind on its own, but it also intensified my already-bad anxiety. AND I gained 30lbs in three months. I&#039;m suspecting it&#039;s the cause of my chronic upper back pain too, which i didn&#039;t have until my second shot (its worse than cramps!). I was hoping to get it out of my system so my fiance and I could have a baby soon, as if these symptoms weren&#039;t bad enough to make me want to stop. Also, I don&#039;t know what&#039;s more of a hassle, keeping stocked on pads or pregnancy tests. Ugh. But it did its job as a birth control, so..."
"I have been on citalopram for 1 month now and feel its defo improved my condition (depression &amp; anxiety) the 1st few weeks where quite bad with paranoia, insomnia, dry mouth although still get a butterflies like panic feeling sometimes but passes quite quickly, would defo recommend this medication it has improved my outlook, social &amp; work life, and a lot better in myself, hope this helpful and good luck:)"
"I just had the Mirena inserted today around 3:30pm. The insertion procedure was painful for me but I only took Ibuprofen 30 minutes prior to insertion which may explain why the insertion was as painful as it was for me. The CNM who inserted the Mirena was very helpful explaining everything that she was doing while she was doing it during insertion of the Mirena. I have had cramping but Ibuprofen or Acetaminophen did help with that and just a little spotting. I have endometriosis also and I was not aware that it could spread to my pelvis and even as far as my lungs. I chose Mirena due to the fact that I gained a lot of weight using Depo and the pill and because it  could help with my endometriosis."
"I&#039;m 41 years old and have four kids . I don&#039;t want to get pregnant again so I decided to have injectable contraceptive depostrust . First shot was Mar 24 my menstruation stopped for 2 weeks but after that I have spotting . Last week of May I have  bleeding and its getting worse so I have my injection June 1 . Up until now I have been bleeding  4 months already . I&#039;m afraid . Is this serious ? Pls help . I can&#039;t sleep . Any insight will help me . Thanks "
"I have extensive nerve damage in my spinal cord and was prescribed baclofen for spasms. It works great on the spasms however, I can take the prescribed dose and when I run out of vicodin then it causes me restless leg syndrome so be careful if you&#039;re also on opioids and run out. For cramps in the legs it is great though."
"I&#039;ve had bulimia for 8 years and I was on Prozac for 3 months, nothing changed. We kept upping it every month,. Maybe I needed a much higher dose? Idk desperate but hopeless right now."
"Over 12 years of battling with hypothyroidism with all it s crazy symptoms, stop school to tired and forgetful, went through a divorce too depressed and lots of weight gain. I thought it was me and dr made me feel I am using my thyroid as excuse since the lab work is normal. I don&#039;t want to jinks it but I took my first Armour Thyroid yesterday after requesting it, AND why it a miracle. I felt so alive. So said to think back on my life and what could have been if doctor just really listen to their patient. It took a facebook group to open my eyes."
"I began taking Belviq 10 mg twice a day May 25, 2017.  I have noticed that I am making better choices about the foods I eat, while not reaching for the sugary snacks after 7:00pm.  As of today, August 8, 2017 I am down the required 5% that my insurance company requires to continue the medicine.  I haven&#039;t found any noticeable side effects, mainly because even before I took this I was constantly fatigued due to life situation/stress.  I went into this seeing people commenting about &quot;Oh, I lost 20# my first month&quot; but for me, that&#039;s not the case.  I need the bump the medicine gives me to slowly lose the weight.  No reason to rush it and I think because of that attitude, I&#039;m more pleased with my results.  Looking forward to next 12 weeks!"
"This drug is a miracle. It really helped me to recover from hardcore drugs. It makes me normal and not seeking any high from drugs as pregablin already makes my mood good and normal life. It makes me happy and really helped me to treat my addiction which i thought hopless. My current daily dose is 300mg twice daily as prescribed."
"Complete effectual treatment for cystic acne. Had to stop taking due to loss of insurance, is $40+ per month in the US without it."
"I was on Suboxone for the past 5+ years, first on the original,orange, stop sign shaped pills(2years), then switched to the Suboxone Strips for the past 3&amp;1/2 years, but recently had to change to Zubsolv, due to my insurance no longer covering any other form of buprenorphine, other than Zubsolv. At first, I was very nervous about it, since I was taking 24mg per day of the strips &amp; the Zubsolv equivalent was only 17.1mg per day(3- 5.7/1.4mg Tablets). I decided to just keep an open mind &amp; not get to caught up in the different mg totals, since Zubsolv is better absorbed. It took a few days to get used to, but I honestly can&#039;t tell any difference, other than taste "
"I was on the NuvaRing for about a year and a half. I absolutely loved it. It was easy to use, easy to remember, and neither I nor my partner could feel it during intercourse. I had clearer skin while I was on it and less cramping than I did before it. However, it did effect my moods slightly and I had a few up and down moments. Also, the reason I terminated my use of the device was because it started to fall out and I couldn&#039;t keep it in the right place. I think my body had just built up a tolerance to it and decided it didn&#039;t want it anymore. I do recommend it for most people who want easy birth control, but I do warn of the mood swings."
"I started Celexa in July and within a few weeks those closest to me remarked on the difference how much happier and less angry I seemed. I felt less overwhelmed by stress and felt happier. The change had been subtle from my viewpoint, and it wasn&#039;t until after my doctor suggested a change in medicine, I realized how much it helped me. Within days I noticed my irritability had returned and within a couple weeks I felt as if I weren&#039;t taking anything at all. I asked my doctor to return me to Celexa. Side effects I&#039;ve noticed: initial nausea, jittery (especially with the addition of caffeine), vivid dreams, weight loss (15 pounds since July)."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon in since I was 16. I&#039;ve had 2 and am just about due for my third. That&#039;s right, for 6 years I&#039;ve had irregular periods ever since, no cramps and no headaches but different experiences with sex drive with both implants. The first one my partner and I would have sex all the time but since my second one not so much. Actually I don&#039;t want it at all. Only worry now is because I&#039;ve had it in for so long can I still get pregnant without it."
"I have been on Pristiq for about a year now, and it is brilliant. Those who have only given it a few days need to give anti-depressants a few months for the drug to work properly, it doesn&#039;t metabolise like paracetamol or other common meds. 
The best thing about going from escitalopram to this is that I have emotions now. The worst side-effect is dizziness, which isn&#039;t the same kind of dizziness that you have after you spin around or get up really quickly. I feel like the term &quot;sparkly&quot; is more appropriate, because it is quick to go up and down in severity. I feel like I also have a  bit of photophobia with it too. Be careful with missing your medication, not taking it at the same time everyday and alcohol consumption."
"Brought the swelling around my eye, due to an allergic reaction, down within hours.  Took it in the morning and by evening was looking fairly normal and ready to face society."
"I used this for several years with good results.  Only problem was I metabolized the medicine too quickly and the third day was more painful.  My decidedly low-tech solution was to remove only 2/3 of the backing plastic the first couple days, then remove the last bit for the third day.
I take extended release morphine now and it works just as well.  It&#039;s a toss-up between wearing the giant patch and dosage issues verses remembering to take a pill every 8 hours. "
"I&#039;ve take so many medications throughout the years. There was always something I didn&#039;t like. I always felt off with every medication. I found out about St John&#039;s Wort and it CHANGED MY LIFE! ZERO SIDE EFFECTS! If you&#039;re wondering about medications please give St John&#039;s wort a try! I feel like me, but a BETTER me! Not a &quot;medicated&quot; me"
"I have been using this for 6 months and the change in my skin has been amazing. I had been using doxy which was going okay, but once I stopped responding, the doctor prescribed me this. I wish I would have started with this product. I have moderate rosacea coupled with some cheek acne. This stuff started making s difference about 4 days in. I had people asking me what I had done different and why I looked so good. I only use it in the morning, and I can do this, because it dries SO fast. It doesn&#039;t leave a weird film or feeling like lots of prescription creams do. Even so, it helps tighten the skin and has smoothed the appearance of fine lines. 

The only reason I gave this 9 stars is because it gives you peach fuzz all over your cheeks."
"This medicine saved my life.  After many years, I have the confidence to go on a date now."
"I remember a half a year ago reading these reviews and I was very eager to not feeling worthless anymore. The first month was bleh. Had bad diarrhea but slept great for once. But over time feelings of worthlessness and being overly fearful faded away. I started to slowly be able to get out of bed in the night (third shift) and be excited to go to work and engage people. Sadly, over time the anxiety seemed to have gotten worse. My sleeping also went back to its normal habits. They upped it to 40mg to no avail. Now I&#039;m off cold turkey and the depression is hitting harder than it has ever. Wish I could get back on it. It was a literal life saver."
"Don&#039;t believe anyone that tells you the taste is not bad.  It is awful and there is no way to mask it. I couldn&#039;t even finish the second dose. This is the worst part of the whole procedure and there has to be a better way!"
"I was presrcibed Accutane by my dermatologist. My skin cleared up after a month of taking the medication. It worked wonders. but then my acne started to come back a few months later. I was put back on it and just finished my second round. My skin is clear and healthy. Works wonders. Highly Recommended."
"Our son has ADHD and Aspergers and often lost his temper and was irritable. We started him on 0.25mg of Risperdal each morning for 2 weeks and he is happy and sleeps better. To see him smiling and happy is worth it."
"I was an 18 yr old mother of 3 boys that needed a good birth control. Mirena was the way to go. That was 2 yrs ago, after having it painfully inserted. I&quot; went from bleeding 8 weeks after getting it straight to *never* having a period until I got it out. Not even 2 yrs later. Cramping, 50lbs weight gain, horrible mood swings (worse than pregnancy mood swings), severe depression and insomnia. I&#039;ve had it out for a week now and I&#039;m still bleeding. The only good from this was I do not have a 4th son yet but hopefully when I stop bleeding I will."
"I took Phentermine from 5/27 until around 6/27 and lost 13 pounds with zero exercise. I lost weight but I took June till July off today I started my second round. I also started working out for 30min-1hour. I&#039;m excited to see what the second round does for me."
"I am 22 and have always been prone to yeast infections. I can always tell when one is coming on because it gets swollen and sore to sit/walk/wipe. My doctor always calls me in a prescription of this and it does the trick every time. It usually takes 1-2 days for me to feel 100% back to normal, and I always take the second pill on the 3rd day. As for side effects, the first few hours after taking it, I usually get shaky, have a little bit of diarrhea, and have a weird &quot;head high&quot; type of feeling. It subsides after a little bit and doesn&#039;t last too long. I have to say that with how painful my yeast infections can get, the side effects are worth it for a few hours. I absolutely love this medicine!"
"I am 44 and never needed anything until my current girlfriend. She is so hot I was actually intimidated by her and caused sexual anxiety for me. I know sounds weird. Got on 20mg and was told to take half but take the whole thing. The effects last 36 hours and hard as a rock. Also can go for as long as you want without climax. No side effects."
"I was prescribed 500 metronidazole 14 days it has been awful with all the nausea ,constipation, back pain, neck pain ,lightheadedness ,sore throat feels like your throat swelling. It gets better, that is some of the symptoms do. My urine isn&#039;t as dark as it was when I started I don&#039;t have itching anymore I don&#039;t I still have a slight discharge it&#039;s not always apparent. But I still have lower abdomen pain and I&#039;m not sure what that&#039;s all about. Soon as I&#039;m out of this medicine I&#039;m going to go to my doctor try to get into my gynecologist  for a check up . Just a note ,we should have all been taking probiotics ."
"Usual story: The condom broke. Went to CVS that night and got Plan B. I took it that same night and the next day I slept for the entire day. No exaggeration. I have never slept so much before in my life. The pill did it&#039;s job so I don&#039;t care but wow I slept sooo much."
"I am 18 years old this is my first YI. I had a UTI and didn&#039;t take probiotics with my antibiotics which was a big mistake.. but I have a YI and I inserted this medicine in about an hour ago and I can&#039;t stop itching and burning!!!!!! I wish I would have read the reviews it&#039;s so uncomfortable and I want to go to bed! can someone help?"
"2 weeks now. Hep C 38 yrs, geno 1, 11/2 fribrosis.  Felt great the first 5 days, now very tired fatigue constant. But will see it through. I had moments of true vibrancy at first, have nor felt that good in 38 years, the world looked liked I remembered it before the virus, but that has faded to my old tired depressed self. I think I will get back to the good place in time. I sleep well, no stomach problems, no skin problems, no high blood pressure, just fatigue and irritability now and then. This drug is so new I&#039;m sure long long term will be the test on any kind of permanent problems, so it&#039;s a gamble I&#039;m will to take to be free of this nasty virus."
"It works however I have had 90% of the side effect. It is terrible to have to use a medicine like this. I can&#039;t use prednisone at all. It&#039;s even worse."
"i was skeptical. Other meds had not worked for pain.  The pain from spinal stenosis and other arthritis and nerve pain was decreased the day after I started taking it.  The effectiveness diminished after a month so the dose was increased and it is working well . I have decreased other pain meds, can walk better and am able to do much more"
"I take 5 mg of Zyprexa daily. I&#039;m almost the entire day sleepy and have the feeling of doing nothing. I can not worry, because I have to sleep for about 15 hours daily.
But I have tried everything out there, and this is the best at this moment."
"I have a L5 S1 herniated disc. And have been through MANY pain medicines and this is the only 1 that has done anything. I have been on it since January 09 and have had the dosage increased once. I was referred by my family doctor to the NeuroSpine Clinic. "
"I got a cold sore yesterday morning, it was quite small and barely noticeable. I put abreva on and put it on like 10 times and when I woke up this morning it was bigger and more painful. It does not work. I don&#039;t get cold sores quite often, only when I&#039;m very sick or physically drained (I&#039;m a lifeguard and swim teacher). This was a huge disappointment, especially for how expensive it was."
"I got this 8 months ago. The first two months I spotted and had some cramps. I was a bit more emotional and moody for the first 3 months. Now I have no period, no cramps, no spotting, and my mood changes are gone. It&#039;s wonderful"
"Moderate to severe eczema has haunted me for the past 30 years. I&#039;ve used every ointment and cream available to some temporary success and steroids when the itching gets out of hand. Doc gave me Eucrisa a month ago that has proved to be a $700 false prophet. It clears up the rashes but not the itching. I look at my hands and think Wow! So clear! then scratch the smooth skin &#039;til the blood runs cold. Hope this is not true with everyone. I wouldn&#039;t wish this condition on my worst enemy....well, maybe with the exception of one or two!"
"My doctor gave me this to try for three months. I couldn&#039;t get through the second month of it because it made me feel like puking constantly. Not the best feeling during finals tests."
"I&#039;m shocked to see not a single negative review listed. The first day taking Wellbutrin after drinks with a friend (not advisable) we had a bad fight, my anger was uncontrollable. That next day I had a fight with my roommate, I was absorbed in rage, completely unaware of others&#039; feelings. That week I was stuck in my head, angry, charged, paranoid and isolated. A week later I had terrible fight with my roommate resulting in a BAD physical altercation, cops were called, next day she moved out. Next day I was extremely depressed and indifferent. I stopped taking it. Maybe I didn&#039;t give it time. Don&#039;t want to discourage others but if you have irritability/anger issues be very aware and cautious."
"I had a bad experience with Contrave. First day I took it I started to itch. Had to take an allergy pill to help. I started becoming light headed, I had blurry vision &amp; upset stomach on the second pill. Didn&#039;t work for me. I may be allergic to what&#039;s in it. Had to pay out of pocket insurance did not cover. Waste of money. :("
"My sinus drainage wouldn&#039;t stop with Benadryl and decided to try hydroxyzine at 50mg every 8 hours. But within 5 hours my sinus started draining again. Every six hours worked fine then after two days, the drainage was under control. Helped me sleep better at night and side effects were minimal."
"I got this when I had already had 2 crusty cold sores and just got rid of 1. I get them alot and they don&#039;t care-they show up for no reason! I took the 2 and then 2 later and it helped clear those up in no time at all, but when I start on a new cold sore I notice the 2 now and 2 later isn&#039;t working but the doctor won&#039;t change the script so I&#039;m doing a bit of testing at home to see what helps.  I haven&#039;t had a cold sore often enough now to say if taking 2 now 2 later for 2days helps or 4 now and 4 later for 1 day is best. I still have the painful blisters and they still came in the overnight to the 2nd day-not more just the ones that came the first day became fuller. This was on the 2 now and 2 later. I did catch it right when I felt the itch."
"I&#039;ve taken other prescription sleep medications in the past but they do tend to make your drowsy and have all sorts of side effects.  I suffer from rheumatoid arthritis and the pain stops me from sleeping.  I now take this at bedtime with a small dose prescribed codeine.  Between the painkillers and the &quot;sleep&quot; effect of the Tylenol, I truly can&#039;t believe how well I am sleeping!  Just be aware that this can really make you fall asleep fast so do be ready for bed.  I&#039;ve spoken to four other people who have various pain problems and they all love this medication too."
"I cannot believe how amazing this medicine has been for my cystic acne. I have tried monocycline, doxycycline, prescription topical creams, NOTHING worked. I finally decided to ask my doctor about Bactrim. I have been completely cyst free since October. This is a record amount of time for me to have NO cysts! I have had, maybe three pimples. I&#039;ve had no side effects. The monocycline gave me horrible joint aches (to the point where I&#039;d almost cry they hurt so bad). So far I have had absolutely NO side effects. It&#039;s wonderful!"
"I wanted to warn others of my experience. I have used plan B before and nothing happened probably because I wasn&#039;t ovulating. On April 11 I ovulated and had sex, 4 days later I took plan B. I know this is not how you&#039;re supposed to do it entirely but I&#039;ve heard of you&#039;re already pregnant it doesn&#039;t affect anything. A month later I found out I was pregnant and it was an ectopic. I&#039;ve never had an ectopic pregnancy before and I have a child so I can carry a full term baby. It&#039;s just a thought but I think plan B caused my ectopic."
"I started taking this because my previous birth control was on backorder at every pharmacy. I&#039;ve had acne for about 5 yrs &amp; I&#039;ve tried everything but accutane, but to no avail. I accepted that I was going to have to deal with acne. 
I&#039;m entering my third month on Junel now and have noticed a drastic difference in my skin. I was a little bummed by Junel at first because I was having regular spotting (I&#039;m a period skipper), but now that I&#039;ve seen this change in my skin I think I&#039;ll deal with the spotting. It was an accidental benefit, but I&#039;m very happy with it. Can&#039;t attest to the effectiveness of pregnancy prevention bc I always use condoms."
"I&#039;ve been on 1 Requip for a couple of months with *great* success. Last night, however, I got my first breakthrough restless legs syndrome; it lasted all night and was excruciating. I took baths, did some stretching and even took another Requip. I got about 4 hours sleep, but RLS woke me up again this morning, and it&#039;s the same. I&#039;ve read that many people have had to up the dosage on this medicine, but this happened to me so soon after taking it, I&#039;m sort of nervous. I don&#039;t want to increase the dosage already - it&#039;s only been a month. Thank you for mentioning that some of you have RLS breakthrough if you are dehydrated or something else."
"About to finish my third week. Started the pill on the first day of my period, so my period lasted a little longer than usual. I take it at night before bed to minimize the side effects. It did cause me to wake up a little nauseous a couple nights and I did get a couple of zits over the last couple of weeks. I usually just get one zit the week before my period to let me know its around the corner. I haven&#039;t really noticed any other side effects. I am a little bloated but I think its because my period is around the corner. All and All the first few weeks have been surprisingly tolerable. I was scared at first but it seems like this may just work out for me. I will update during my second month to keep you all posted."
"I have been taking ambien or zolphidem for almost 15 years. I had horrible insomnia where I couldn&#039;t sleep sometimes at all during the night. The insomnia went on for about 2 years before I tried ambien. it worked immediately.  I don&#039;t take it every night and when I do I break off a third of the pill. The only side effect is sometimes grogginess in the morning. I worry about a little memory loss. I was told it disrupts your REM sleep which can affect memory. Trying to get off completely but don&#039;t want to go through that horrible insomnia again."
"I started taking Zoloft about a month ago, in the first week i had some diarrhea and experienced some insomnia, but it soon disappeared. Within three weeks my depression and anxiety subsided. This medication changed my life."
"I love Implanon! I got it about 5 months ago. The insertion was painless! No bruising for me. I did have some mood swings in the beginning but now its like nothing is there. And I haven&#039;t had a period since the first month after I got it! Also I am nursing and I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects with my milk supply or anything! I would recommend it to anyone!"
"This is my second day on Yaz. I have been on countless other birth control such as Marvelon, Tri-cyclen Lo, Demulen, and most recently, Aviane. When I was on Marvelon, I never noticed anything while I was taking the pills side effect wise, but my periods were unbearably heavy. On Tri-cyclen, my period was light, but it never stopped, for 3 months! On Demulen I went into a deep depression that I am still getting over. And finally, on Aviane, it was great, but I gained about 40 lbs in the past year. I went on Yaz to help keep me upbeat and happy (coupled with my daily dose of Prozac), and to hopefully help me shed some weight and give me comfortable and short periods. So far, so good. High libido and no negative side effects except slight headache."
"Use for Chronic pain. This is 4 Spinal Surgeries History. Have: Spinal Stenosis, DDD, Bone Chips &amp; lots of Scar tissue."
"Horrible hot flashes and depression."
"1 year ago my MD put me on Synthroid and after 3 months I had so much pain in my legs, I stopped taking it and my pain went away. I discovered Armour thyroid and it made such a difference in the way I felt. "
"I have had problems with facial hair since my mid-20&#039;s. I am now 54.This medication has been LIFE-CHANGING. Have tried electrolysis and laser. Both work, but only for a limited time as the professionals who do this have told me that NEW hair follicles darken and cause problems, even though the hair follicles they have treated are dead. I have plucked &quot;forever&quot; causing hairs to get courser, causing nearly constant break-outs on my chin from in-grown hairs. Bottom line:  It took about 4 weeks to notice a big difference. I use on chin and upper lip. Changed the amount and texture of hair.  Excellent product! I no longer obsess about my facial hair."
"took 1 pill, lips swelled up like bee sting, cold sores covering complete lip area short term.
long term still can not smell anything except nasty metal smell all the time, also cannot taste anything I eat, nasty metal taste in mouth all the time, no matter what I eat or drink,
it is December took pill in early August 2016"
"I&#039;ve been on many different birth controls and this has to be the worst. I started about 2 months ago and I&#039;ve been bleeding ever since. I&#039;ve been bloated, my appetite has increased however I&#039;ve managed to keep it down, and I&#039;ve been moody. I hate it!"
"I am a 27 year old male, on this drug for 3 weeks so I can&#039;t really comment on it&#039;s efficacy, as it takes 2-4 weeks to start working. All I can say is it didn&#039;t help me. I took 40mg for 7 days, then went up to 80mg for 2 weeks. I had to stop taking it because of the side effects - I was getting severe irritability to the point where I was yelling at the top of my lungs at people for minor mistakes and generally grumpy. Based on this and other side effects - needing to urinate far more regularly than usual, heart palpitations, feeling down for no good reason and insomnia - my doctor decided it wasn&#039;t right for me.This is a rare reaction which is unlikely to happen to you, but if you get it, tell your doctor."
"Three weeks in I&#039;ve lost 14lbs.  My out of control appetite is in check, cravings for sweets have decreased.  I highly recommend Belviq and so happy I found it.  Only side effect so far is coughing.  I can live with that."
"Well, I can&#039;t say that it was easy. The thing that bothered me most was lack of sleep. Being tired all the time didn&#039;t help either. I have 1 pill left and glad it is over. I am 63 years old and retired 5 years ago because of hep c. At week 4 it was undetectable. Had to take it for 12 weeks. I am a Vietnam era vet so that is probably where I caught it. If I am truly cured then the first thing I am going to do is go back to work. Retirement is very boring and now that I have all of this energy I am sure that I would go nuts. Some people had no side effects, as you can see I was not among the lucky ones. It was worth the torment to be free of Hep C."
"This is a Zombie drug , causes me to fall and hurt myself , makes me have zero emotions and I hate everyone and want everyone in the world to die ..... would be animal abuse to give it to a pet ......I&#039;m not taking this anymore ."
"It worked for me.  I had sex with my boyfriend on May 14th approx. 2PM and the condom slipped off. This was also on the day of my ovulation (according to the calendar, not super accurate but I wanted to mention this fact).  I checked the condom after and there was no sign of semen.  We have gotten pregnant before, so I took plan by the next day, approx. 24-26 hours later.  Experienced side effects for one day a week later (dizziness, pulsating cramps, major crabbiness).  I got my period a week after that, one day early with a little heavier flow.  I would also like to mention that I am way over the supposed weight limit for this pill."
"This stuff is scary. It gives me night sweats, but more concerning, I get really high levels of anxiety and I am concerned about my breathing. Feels too relaxed, like breathing may stop. Horrific feeling. Result is massive insomnia and I still cough."
"Do not mix this with nubane."
"I&#039;ve lost 19 pounds in less than a month and had some of the side effects tingling feet, dizziness, and headache. My Doctor ordered some labs I now take vitamin D &amp; K.   I no longer have high blood pressure. I&#039;m happy."
"My doctor prescribed this for depression issues/severe anxiety associated with adult ADD. I was very resistant to try, have been put on multiple other meds that made things much worse. I take 50mg daily. Immediately felt almost &quot;euphoric.&quot; With each passing day, I feel better in every sense, and the anxiety is gone. I NEVER write any posts EVER, but this has been an unbelievable game changer. I have been battling these issues since childhood, and I can truly say I feel happy and hopeful about my future. The &quot;internal storm&quot; inside that I battled every day to cope with is gone. No side effects except for some vivid, strange dreams-but those are dissipating. I hope this helps someone-if this one doesn&#039;t help, keep trying and never give up."
"Medication works always. Takes the edge off, my headaches are absolutely unbearable."
"I have been on opioids for many years and that was increased in 2013 with a knee replacement surgery.  That&#039;s when the constipation became uncontrollable.  All the fiber in the world would not move me. Until linzess.  It is still unpredictable some days, ( unexpected and explosive) but it is better than being backed up, bloated and miserable.  I&#039;ve been taking it on and off because my insurance would not pay or they would pay fora lower dose which I cannot use except very infrequently."
"Great news!  I just talked with Forest Labs (manufacturer of Armour Thyroid). They updated their manufacturing equipment and changed formulation by increasing dextrose and decreasing cellulose.  The dessicated thyroid stayed the same, even though they have trouble getting it.  However, the pills now are very difficult to cut in half (they crumble).  I do great on Armour and had a severe allergic reaction to synthetic hormones.  I don&#039;t like the new formulation as much because I cut my pills in half, but it&#039;s better than synthetic.  Hope this information helps."
"I have had the IUD Mirena for almost a year.  I wanted a no thought birth control and the thought of no periods was very appealing.  However, after the insertion I had the worst cramps ever. They were so intense I was practically bed ridden for the first month and the horrifying pain continued for at least 3 months after.  I was unemployed and thank God for that because I never would have made it through a day.  I have never given birth but I would imagine it was like labor pains...not your typical period cramp...and it was all day every day.  The cramping has gotten better and I have very light bleeding but I now have bad acne and no sex drive.  I think  also have gained weight (not much, maybe 10lbs).  "
"I tried this for PCOS.  This BC seemed nonexistent.  I never have spotting but had constant discharge the entire month I was on it.  Didn&#039;t feel like I was taking anything and didn&#039;t seem to do anything.  Pro to it not doing anything is I didn&#039;t feel like it messed with mood."
"I&#039;ve been on and off Prozac for the last few years. I didn&#039;t think it was working, but after I started taking mental notes, I realized that I was doing much better on it. I have been dealing with chronic anxiety and PTSD which has, in turn, led me into depression. Based on my experience, I think it&#039;s important to note that depression lifting is not like flipping a switch. It takes time for the medicine to work. Now that I&#039;ve been taking it routinely and not missing a dose, I&#039;ve noticed that my &quot;baseline&quot; mood is MUCH better. It happens subtly like a thick fog slowly lifting. I understand that it doesn&#039;t work for everyone, but if you&#039;re not having side effects and you&#039;ve only been on it for a short time, be patient and give it a chance."
"I have severe RA and was started on MTX about 6 months ago already maxed out and pain and inflammation was doing major damage.  Two years ago I was running a mile several times a week and when the RA hit  I could not even open my bedroom door.  Recently was started on Embrel.  After the first shot I noticed a 25% improvement with pain and stiffness.  I did not find the shot painful as some describe, but I had already been self injecting the MTX.  No other side affects thus far.  Looking forward to my second injection this week and continued improvement."
"This medicine kept me wired all night long and I only took half of a teaspoon. My mind was racing!  No cough though!  Did some of my best thinking! Felt extremely tired the next day!  Would be great in the day for me rather than at night."
"I&#039;ve been using this product for less than a week and it has worked miracles. I&#039;ve had a sweat problem everyday for the past 7 years. I found this product and I can honestly say my life has changed."
"Diagnosed in 2003 with ulcerative colitis. Started Remicade in 2010. Helped my symptoms but developed Discoid Lupus in 2015. Doctor thinks it was brought on by the Remicade. Stopped Remicade and now taking Entyvio for colitis and plaquenil for the lupus."
"I&#039;m a 35 year old woman with PCOS, pre diabetes and high resistance to weight loss. Started Victoza 7/14/17. Sugars now in normal range and I&#039;ve lost 16 lbs so far! Side effects included some stomach pain/cramping at first that has now eased up. I eat less and stay away from heavy/greasy foods to avoid side effects. I find that I always feel full. Never hungry. Occasional constipation, nothing too bad.  Overall I&#039;m very pleased to finally be losing weight and getting my sugars under control!  I started at .6 ml and now am at 1.8. I find the dosing easy and painless. I&#039;m excited to see how this affects my A1c thrilled the scale is finally moving in the right direction!  I&#039;ll update in a few weeks."
"I&#039;m a 20 year old female who&#039;s been battling moderate to severe acne since middle school. I&#039;ve been wearing hypoallergenic Almay makeup since I was 12 because I was so self conscious of my skin. After unsuccessfully fighting it on my own, I went to a dermatologist who put me on Oracea to take in the morning and Aczone to apply at night. It&#039;s only been a week but I have had zero breakouts! The pimples I had prior to this have vanished and my dark spots are fading. I use Aczone at night after washing my face with Neutrogena acne prone skin soap (also recommended by my dermotologist). It has made my skin a little dry, but it used to be so oily that it seems to have balanced things out. Hopefully it will continue to work!"
"I never had allergies until I was an adult. Most of my allergies are at night making it unbearable and hard to sleep. Nasal congestion itchy eyes and mouth. This would continue into the morning. During the day time I would get constant ear pressure and cracking. My doctor put me on singular (generic was given from the pharmacy) and my symptoms have improved significantly but I get nose bleeds more often which is a side effect. I&#039;ve been on it for three months now.  Still get the occasional stuffiness in the morning but much better over all."
"I have been taking Nucynta for about six months. I am 5&#039;4, 220lb, 42 year old female. This medicine worked very good 6 months ago, still works, but not long enough, and break through pain is stronger and returns faster. Side effects for me are dizziness=mild, thirst=severe,voice change=severe, sleepiness=mild, agitation=increased enough to have to say I&#039;m sorry. Also a strange eye problem kind of feels like my eyes are yawning, but I am not yawning. "
"Prozac is really a life saver."
"On week five of trulicity.. The first night I was beyond exhausted went to bed at 7pm slept all night.. Week 1 had every symptom and was so sick vomiting, diarrhea and this deep gut burping that smelled horrible.. Week 2 was better but week 3-5 are hit and miss. I have lost about ten pounds mainly due to little to no appetite. I take my shot on Tuesday and I vomit every Saturday. I miss about 1 day of work a week due to feeling horrible and dizzy. This drug is horrible but my sugar with other meds is down to 7 from 9.8 in 3 months.. The burping is the worst it&#039;s like rotten eggs...so gross."
"I am a 22 year old female weighing in at 268lbs. I started Adipex on 07/26/10 and only take half a pill and don&#039;t take the pill everyday for certain reasons, one being this drug stays in my system for two days. In the last week have lost 5 pounds and the worst symptoms I have had are stomach pains and diarrhea. Overall I am getting used to this medicine."
"I used for years no longer helping I&#039;m
55 now and never had so bad. See Dr next week.... RLS is worse then back pain
I have 2 Rod&#039;s in my back"
"Managed to stabilise my mood swings on only 100mg daily, helped greatly with sleep however, did leave me feeling drowsy during the day"
"I had been using Depo for about 3 years.  I spotted for almost a year and then my period went away all together.  I had a 5lb weight gain, which isn&#039;t so bad.  I had a decreased libido.  But I think worst of all was that I had terrible acne.  I&#039;ve never had acne like this.  I&#039;ve been off the shot now for 8 months and I just got my period back (though irregular) about 2 months ago.  My acne is still there but seems to be getting a little better.  As a birth control, it was easy and it worked."
"Hi Ladies! I&#039;m a 23 year old female with no children. So far I had my Skyla for 6 weeks. One of the best decisions of my life! The insertion was painless during my period and I have a low tolerance for pain but I did take ibuprofen and Tylenol at least 30 min before the procedure. I did experience deep cramps for an hour and my period vanished. I do spot on occasion nothing a thin panty liner can&#039;t take care of...but I did notice I was very emotional this week than usual...I&#039;m not a crier but I found myself shedding tears 4/7 days this week and my sex drive is through the roof sometimes and sometimes it&#039;s very low (I&#039;ve always had a low sex drive), plus I&#039;ve been sleeping a lot this week. I have my 6 week check up this week so wish me luck!"
"I have suffered from acne for years. I&#039;ve tried almost everything and nothing seemed to work so My dermatologist put me on loryna. The good thing about loryna is it did help with my acne. I would still get the Ocassional pimple but my break outs weren&#039;t as bad as they were before. The bad thing about Loryna is it made me gain a lot of weight and gave me horrible mood swings. It made me obsessed with food. I would be extremely hungry throughout the day and get anxious if I didn&#039;t get the chance to eat when I wanted. Also it made me so much more irritable. I would get mad very easily and snap at people. I ended up going off of the pill because although it helped with my acne, the weight gain and mood swings weren&#039;t worth it"
"I have been taking Nexavar since May 5/12. I have tenderness in my hands and feet and dry skin. Energy level is good."
"I put both bottles in a ziplock bag filled with ice in my fridge 3 hours before my first dose (I think this helped a great deal to make it able to drink quickly). Started Suprep at 6 pm - drank 16 oz mixture in 20 minutes - started 1st 16 oz of water 5 minutes later then immediately started 2nd 16 oz of water.  Was done with water by 7 pm. Had to go to bathroom for first time about 30 minutes after drinking Suprep - after about 20 minutes, I was able to take 2 Gas-x tablets as directed. Visited bathroom for the next hour on a regular basis. By 8.30 pm the rush to get to the bathroom was over. Hopefully the 6.45am prep will go as well."
"I was instantly sick to my stomach after first dose. Now I wonder if it was just exhaustion from being up all night with the PAIN. I am on day 3 and feel so much better that I may be back at work in the morning. I haven&#039;t had a UTI since I was very young and sort of forgot how dreadful it can get. My Dr said usually 48 hrs and one is over the worst and I think the side effects for me are extremely minimal!/"
"Hey ladies! I started this birth control 2 weeks ago, and have so far experienced no symptoms whatsoever (good or bad). While I wouldn&#039;t have complained if my breasts grew a bit as a lot of girls have experienced, I am pretty relieved that I didn&#039;t have any negative side-effects. Things may change, but so far I have no complaints. Don&#039;t be scared by all the negative reviews. Just give it a go, and if it doesn&#039;t work for you, you can always try another."
"I work retail at a large home improvement company. Most of the day it works fine, but a lot of times I have to do heavy lifting. It does not help with that. I have had to on numerous occasions stop and take a break just to get through the day."
"ED following very high blood pressure and just too much work/stress.  Early days on Cialis but so far very promising with no apparent side effects, just able to perform properly again - a great relief! 1 x 5mg per day, 54, 110kgs, reasonable shape."
"I began taking Nardil and Ativan after my psychiatrist had tried many other antidepressants.  I only became more anxious and panic-prone.  Gradually my &quot;conditioned response panic attacks&quot; began to decrease in frequency.  I began to have confidence that the medication and my own awareness of my body&#039;s response to certain situations could be controlled. I have gained weight, but I have lived a near-normal life."
"Got the Nexplanon Implant 10/13/15 after giving birth in 08/of/15... Never bled or had problems(so I thought) up until 3 weeks ago when I had to take an antibiotic for the flu and started bleeding AND NOW IT WONT STOP. At first it was just black then turned into bright red clotty blood and I thought it would go away in a few days, well after a week I thought surely it will go away soon. Now three weeks later and I&#039;m STILL BLEEDING. It will stop for a day and come right back. Another thing my mood swings are AWFUL and I have had depression &amp; never really noticed until someone pointed it out to me and basically had an intervention with me. I&#039;m sick of this damn thing and I am getting it OUT! I do not recommend it for anyone."
"Recently began suffering generalized anxiety disorder, took me to the point of suicide, prescribed diazepam. The 1st time I took it I felt aggressive and annoyed easily however after a few days I can safely say it has greatly reduced my anxiety for now however my doctor has said he will not let me stay on it due to the bodies ability to easily resist the medicine over time requiring greater doses etc.  Desperately do not want to try antidepressants again (due to a previous severe reaction). We shall see."
"Worked well for my panic attacks, not as fast as Xanax but worked!"
"I&#039;m 34 and have been suffering from erectile dysfunction since my 1st attempt to lose my virginity as a kid. I knew it was all mental, and I&#039;d be okay most times until it was with a woman I really cared about and then like clockwork, the 1st - 3rd time I&#039;d be too soft for penetration. Sure enough, it happened again, and then I tried the pill...wow...1 hour of non-stop action. Thanks Cialis! I&#039;ll use it again for a few more times to get comfortable with her and report back if I can wean off it successfully."
"It&#039;s been about 6 weeks on Latuda. During this time I experienced joint pain, severe anxiety and panic attacks. I have asked for advice from pharmacists, doctors and other sources. I have Ativan to help with the akathesia. Lamictal started helps with the panic and anxiety but helps the Latuda built up a wall between my brain and body.   And Latuda - I can only sleep a couple hours each night.  No drowsiness here. What I really want is to be titrated down to 20 mg and see if the side effects are negated. Otherwise looking towards seroquel...help!"
"Cymbalta helped me overcome my depression. I was on the medication for about a year and a half. I think having a great talk therapist was also key. I focused on cognitive behavioral therapy. 

I did not experience any side effects while on cymbalta."
"Girlfriend was told she had it so my doctor said she was going to give me the antibiotics anyways.   2 500MG pills.  I had a huge Mexican dinner and took the pills after.  She said she felt sick after taking hers and I said I&#039;ll be fine because of my stomach of steel..  1 hour later. Puked my brains out and I feel like a new man.  No cramps.... yet.  And no diarrhea either. But I have I digestive system of steel!  Hopefully..."
"I am a nineteen year old female who has suffered with mild acne since I was about 10. I tried every cream, pill, and face wash you can imagine throughout the years and nothing completely got rid of my acne. When I was 18 my doctor recommended I try Accutane. I did a 6 month course of 10 mg a day and I can honestly say it changed my life. I would recommend to anyone who struggles with persistent acne. Before taking Accutane acne controlled my life. I would stay home just because of bad breakouts. Now my skin is flawless and I only get the occasional pimple which I can now deal with. Yes, I was dry when I was on Accutane but the end result is SO worth the 6 months of mild dryness!"
"I have been on Prozac for about 4 months. I started on 10mg and was moved up to 20mg when I was still reporting anxiety.

I have had panic and heavy anxiety attacks for over 15 years and finally decided I was done suffering. At first I was very nervous about starting the medication but once it kicked in about 3 weeks into taking the 10mg I was convinced that I needed to take this medication. I obviously have some disorder that ramps up my body and creates physical sensations that are not &quot;normal&quot;. Since being on 20mg I am feeling a ton better and I cannot pin point any drawback thus far. Sexually I have no issues so far and aside from a momentary spaced out feeling I feel great."
"Maxalt MLT has been the best Migraine medicine for me for almost 30 years and took it during Six pregnancies without any complications. I am only sorry Insurance will allow 9 a month :..("
"I have been battling acne since I was 17. Oily skin, cysts on a monthly basis, black heads, etc. I never had &quot;pizza face&quot; but my acne has been very persistent for years. I am now 27, and after trying tons of topical creams and oral antibiotic  I asked for accutane. In 2 weeks I will be at my 3 month mark. Wow what a difference. My skin is softer, blackheads are almost all gone, and for the most part my skin is clear, and haven&#039;t had a cyst in a few weeks. I am still getting very mild breakouts, but nothing compared to before. I am so excited to see the final result end of this year. So far side effects are mild chap lips, joint aches, and dry nose with bloody bugers. My skin is not that dry, but I was also very oily before."
"I was in a car accident in April 2009. My doctor put me on Flexeril, hydrocodone, and ibuprofen. The hydrocodone helped me stay functional but he took me off of them. I was very careful with taking them but I guess he thought I didn&#039;t need them.  So after that, I found out after talking to others that he should have sent me to an Orthopedic. Well, I got a new doctor who referred me to an awesome Orthopedic doctor. He checked me out and took me off the Flexeril and put me on Tramadol ER. He also referred me to a wonderful physical therapy wellness center. Tramadol  has given me my life back!"
"I&#039;ve only been on Loestrin for 2 days.The first day I had a terrible headache and had to call out of work due to stomach pain and lethargy [although I often feel stomach pain when I have a heavy period]. Last night I woke up at 2am in severe pain- I felt extremely nauseous, felt as if I needed to vomit and cry but I could not cry. I felt extremely nervous and sick. I&#039;m not even going to bother taking my third pill tonight. I&#039;ve taken Yazmin and Ortho Tri before and I never experienced such physical side effects. I&#039;m going to call my doctor in the morning."
"Started 10/23 at 226lb I am now 223lb . It gives you much energy will be updating soon. I have no sodas, no juice, just water other than that no specific diet for me ."
"I&#039;ve been taking Belqiv for two weeks, have loss a total of 2 lbs.
Doesn&#039;t curb my appetite, will continue to take for two more weeks, 
Will probably switch to Saxenda or  Qymsia. I&#039;ll keep you posted. Very disappointed  and costly too."
"I&#039;m 19 years old and started the patch 3 days ago. I took birth control pills for 3 years and recently had my Implanon removed after a year and a half with horrible, heavy periods and terrible mood swings. So far, the patch isn&#039;t affecting me terribly. I do have nausea in the mornings but nothing too terrible I just hope it ends soon. I will come back and post in a few months after I see how my body adjust to it."
"Over 20 years ago, I was diagnosed with myofacial pain syndrome. This was before fibromyalgia had a name. I tried everything with no relief. In the 90&#039;s, I ruptured a disc and the doctor prescribed Ultram. It not only gave relief for the disc problem, but felt like a miracle drug for fibromyalgia. I have allergies to most medications, but amazingly, I could take Ultram. Without this medication, I would not have a life. I have never suffered from any side effects. I take three tablets daily. I do not take any other medications for fibromyalgia. The only other medicine I take is for under active thyroid."
"I have IBS - and I&#039;ve been taking Librax for about 1.5 months now. I do see a difference. Pain in my stomach and abdomen are gone."
"HANDS DOWN the best stuff that doesn&#039;t require a prescription for scabies that cured me, my wife and kids. The ingredient is 4.9% permethrin so just under 5%."
"I&#039;ve been on Bupropion for about 10 weeks now, and while Bupropion has significantly helped me with depression, I have found that it has reduced my sex life tremendously! I&#039;m glad to see it has increased others, but it has done the exact opposite for me."
"Side effects are the worst.. This shot has ruined my life for the past 3 weeks I&#039;ve been on it.. I have body tremors,hair loss,headaches,nausea, dizzy,tiredness,weakness and that&#039;s just some.. I have gotten anxiety I dont wanna do anything besides be in my house ive never been this kind of person and its scary... Poison to my body... Do your research ...."
"Came off Celexa- I had absolutely no sex drive. They told me Welbutrin had the least amount of sexual side effects. Well, first 3 days I started with 1 time a day 150mg. I started to get migraines that would make me nauseous. Called the doctor, they told me it was probably from coming off of Celexa so after 3 days changed to twice a day dosing as directed! BAD IDEA I could not open my eyes around light it would make my head hurt so bad that I would start throwing up. Also couldn&#039;t eat, lost 5 lbs. Continued hoping it would go away but it got WORSE, started not being able to breathe and my heart was beating really fast. Almost went to the ER. So the Next I took 1 pill and next day stopped, symptoms went away! "
"I had first hive outbreak at age 63, off and one, lasting for a year.  I visited the allergy doctor once and was advised to &quot;enjoy life more and don&#039;t do too much!  It could be stress-related&quot;.  I did not take any medicine.  Then for one and half a year, I was fine.  For the recent 3 months, I have been suffering from the second chronic hive outbreak.  They are acting up on my face, lips, eyes, and face which are new and more severe symptoms.  At the same time, my older son had the same outbreak and has been taking Zyrtec daily by his doctor&#039;s recommendation.  I have been asking a total of 13 pills from him.  Firstly I took one a day for 4 days.  They were very effective on me.  Each pill can stop the hives for 3 days."
"When taking Miralax daily it&#039;s very effective in moving your bowls. The only down side is that it takes a few days for it to start working but once it starts working you&#039;ll feel a lot better! I stopped using it because I thought I wouldn&#039;t get constipated again bad choice I got constipated it&#039;s because of the medicines I take (painkillers) anyways I recommend you take it once a day or one every other day to keep from getting constipated. Miralax works just give it time and don&#039;t miss a dose of you get severely constipated like I do!"
"I&#039;ve used this product on several occasions-on all kinds of lower extremity ulcers.  It works wonderfully!  I have really been impressed with this product and how quickly it works."
"I&#039;ve tried 11 different blood pressure medications and finally found one that has helped. I have been taking Bystolic now for 3 months with out any major side effects.  I occasionally feel a little anxious, I&#039;m normally a laid back person, so I&#039;m not sure if this is because of Bystolic. I will continue to monitor and see what happens."
"I&#039;ve been using Ortho-Novum 7/7/7 for decades. My periods are very light only requiring a panty liner and experience no cramps. I stopped taking birth control for a year after my husband had a vasectomy. I was doubled over at my desk with cramps and my period was very heavy. I started using Ortho-Novum 7/7/7 again and I was back to light periods and no cramps. Once and awhile my OBGYN would give me a sample of another brand that was new on the market only for me to have heavier periods and cramps. Two issues I can&#039;t aleviate are bloating 3-5 lbs for a week and period mood swings. With AHA it&#039;s free. Without it is about $25-$30/ month."
"I guess I&#039;m the 1%. I&#039;m pregnant after taking it the day after."
"I was only 2 weeks on Champix, I was planning to go on more than a month but that all changed after day 9 when I exercised will power and quit smoking any small amount of cigs I still smoked. The first 3 days were the worst when it came to cravings but they were bearable compared to the cravings I had when I was trying to quit without Champix. Honestly, one of the best things I have came across. I only had minimal side effects such as nausea and headache and I felt extra tired so usually went to bed earlier but I did not mind any of those! I am so happy that I am now 9 days smoke free and barely get any cravings and even if I do they go away fairly quickly! I can finally say I am smoke free after 8 years of 20/30 cigarettes a day!"
"I was prescribed 15mg mirtazapine to help with insomnia and have been taking it for about 3 weeks.  Mostly I&#039;ve slept very well but am still struggling with severe grogginess and am concerned that it&#039;s negatively impacting my mood and anxiety.  Trying to be patient for now and let it do its thing, since there are so many positive reviews."
"I hated this. I had it put in 6 weeks after I had my son and I bled non stop for 2 years. Even had to have a blood transfusion. I got it removed in February 2017 and immediately went back to normal periods. I m now 26 weeks pregnant with my second child. Will not ever get this again. It was very effective in not getting pregnant but other than that it sucked"
"I take 10mg 3 times a day, this medicine does nothing for my pain. It side effect is that make me hyper..."
"The Cymbalta took about three weeks to kick in.  The side effects started out really strong; dizziness, sweating, no appetite, sleepiness, dry mouth.  Now I&#039;ve been on one month and all of my side effects are gone.  I don&#039;t have any sexual side effects.  As far as treating my depression it&#039;s amazing.  It&#039;s like the light has been turned on again and I can see the good in life.  Advice; if you&#039;re prescribed this medication, give it a good try - the side effects do diminish.  From what I see here, it seems like this works for a lot of people."
"I&#039;m actually writing this review on behalf of my wife. If you are bipolar, please stay away from this medicine. At first it seemed to help relieve the arthritis pain, but two months later the side effects became a nightmare and the pain increased threefold. It took another three months to clear it from her system, now she is doing much better but has short term memory issues. "
"This was a life changer. I&#039;m an RN, and now in administration. I wear a suit everyday. My underarm sweating was a real problem, and the deodorants I used were killing my clothes. Hypercare changed everything. I use it at night. Slight burning, nothing major. I can&#039;t live without it."
"I&#039;M bipolar and ADHD. I took Tegretol and Effexor for 8 years. It worked for me but it was a death embrace. Cognitive functions related to attention willpower  judgement declined. Read about lithiums neuroprotective properties and switched, which is working out for me. I added Wellbutrin 300 XL for the ADHD  3 weeks ago and so far it has increased my depression, it might be settling down though, I seem to be getting better. This has to work. These are bad days. Wish I had taken Lithium 10 years ago it has also helped with the ADHD."
"I take Rizatriptan in conjunction with ever-changing migraine prevention meds. It makes my sinuses feel drained and parched, makes me woozy and slow in the brain, and tastes absolutely terrible.  But? If I take it at just the right time in the onset of a migraine, it is usually able to knock it out within an hour or two.  If it doesn&#039;t--if I&#039;m too late to take it--it can&#039;t kill the migraine, but it does dull it enough that I can usually continue functioning.  Acts faster for me than Sumatriptan did.

Only giving it an 8 because you do have to take it at just the right time, and you can only take 2 in a day.  I sometimes get the back-to-back migraines and am helpless to fight the 2nd one."
"I developed insomnia when pregnant, nearly 16 years ago! Doctors have tried everything.Medidation. Melatonin, improving sleep hygeine, restoril, trazadone, seroquel, ambien, lunesta, and belsomra. Even when double the doses of these medicines, nothing helps EXCEPT belsomra. Granted, I have to take the max dose. But I have a 1 hour commute one way to work each day. I&#039;ve never felt drowsy, just well rested."
"I have been given this medication twice - once after surgery to deal with nausea/vomiting from the pain medicine and again for severe morning sickness from pregnancy.  It has been very helpful, however I have experienced severe constipation as a side effect."
"I too have had symptoms of concern which is what lead me to these reviews. I had the nausea, which lasted for a couple of hours after taking it. This morning I took my medicine with salty crackers, symptoms gone. I found this info thought I would share, hope it .Low Blood Sodium (Hyponatremia) - ...
Healthline &rsaquo; health &rsaquo; hyponatremia
Mar 28, 2017 - Common symptoms of low blood sodium include: weakness. fatigue or low energy. headache. nausea and vomiting. muscle cramps or irritabilityHyponatremia (Low Sodium) Causes, Symptoms, Treatment - What Are the ...
eMedicineHealth &rsaquo; home &rsaquo; topics az list
Oct 19, 2016 - Patients may complain of with headache, nausea and vomiting, lethargy, and confusion. If the sodium concentration drops quickly to critical levels, seizures, coma, and death may occur. If dehydration is associated with hyponatremia, weakness and muscle aches and cramps may co-exist."
"I took this last year for a severe bacterial infection on my chin last year.  It certainly did it&#039;s job with clearing up the infection. HOWEVER, I will NEVER be taking this medication again if something similar happens in the future. The side effects I experienced were absolutely excruciating! I had heartburn that made me feel like I was going to die- a sharp pain that felt like a lump in my chest that was stabbing me from the inside. My family thought that I was just being dramatic, but after reading some reviews on here, I know a lot of people have had similar experiences. I took the drug 4x a day, and ended up gaining weight on it, because the only thing that helped dull the pain was eating a TON of food with it."
"The Feldene dulled the Temporomandibular Joint Disprder pain some but did not take it away.  I often had breakthrough pain when on the Feldene."
"Ladies please note- bone of the ways plan b works is to PREVENT ovulation, so in simple terms, if you have already ovulated- it can be useless! That isn&#039;t something that was disclosed to me, &amp; most people have no idea! It&#039;s a catch 22 because you can usually only get pregnant when you ovulate ..anyways.. I had sex once, I took it 12 hrs after unprotected sex. Ended up getting PREGNANT. I must have already ovulated.Then I later had a miscarriage(chemical pregnancy) b/c the way my doctor explained it, plan b does three things: 
1. Prevent ovulation
2. Thicken cervical fluid (stops spermies)
3. Thins lining of uterus to prevent egg implanting
I had a miscarriage b/c the egg was never able to implant. I feel horribly about it today &amp; wanted to share, hope this helps"
"Typical story- condom broke during supposed ovulation/fertile days and took the pill the morning after (within 8 hours). In my personal experience, I had no complications or any abnormal side effects such I have read reported from others (no cramps, nauseousness or abnormal bleeding).  I was very fortunate and received my period on the date scheduled as predicted. Although I do not normally or personally advocate non-natural medications and hormones, hey, sometimes one needs to take care of themselves quickly and immediately. 
Wishing every one else the same effectiveness and similiar positive experience to the one I had with the pill."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for a week now, and its changed my life. I have been suffering with chronic nerve pain, severe depression, anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder, and borderline personality disorder for a very long time. 
Now I am sleeping well, feeling cheery, no suicidal thoughts, anger, less pain, no anxiety, or obsessions. Its a miracle, to alleviate pretty much all of my issues and I&#039;m only on 10-20mg at night. No side effects."
"I&#039;ve been a fatty all my life. I can testify that Belviq has answered my prayers. I have lost 12 Lbs in 3 weeks. My appetite has been cut in half with little to no side effects. I am in love with Belviq."
"I have mixed connective tissue disease, with rheumatoid symptoms.  I have severe back pain due to degenerative arthritis of the spine.  About every three months I get an 80 mg Depo Medrol IM injection.  Works wonders to knock out the inflammation.  I went to my doctor to get an injection - I was in severe pain - the nurse gave me Dexamethasone 10 mg IM instead.  My first reaction was acute euphoria - my daughter said I acted like I was drunk - and this lasted about 10 minutes.  Then I had something I can only describe as confusion, and the pain came back and it was worse than ever.  I felt terrible for days.  I reported this to my doctor and the NP, who were very cavalier and said that it should have worked the same. "
"I was diagnosed with stage 4 nsclc ,  in Oct. 2014 it had metastasized into my right humerous, after radiation and chemo the cancer went into remission,  so I was put on Tarceva 150  it&#039;s been typical side effects, face rash ,diarrhea,  tired all the time,,
but I have had 3 pet scans at 3 months apart all negative. I am a 52 year old man,  non smoker"
"holy bleeping bleep this is ungodly. i applied the 3 day cream first dose about 45 minutes ago and immediately started the absolute worst burning sensation of my whole life. it was just a mild yi and i am trying not to claw my skin off. will never do this again. had to google to make sure i wasnt having some horrible allergic reaction, but apparently this is just what it does. oh my god. help. i tried applying the external cream but that just made it worse. tried wiping everything with a warm washcloth and that worked for about 30 seconds. its 3am. the comments here are the only thing getting me through this hell. gah!"
"Getting it removed soon! I got it in October 2016 and since then have gained  15 lbs, back pain, and depression.  Period at first was all over the place, never knew when to prepare for bleeding and now I don&#039;t have one at all. But weight gain and water retention is a game changer for me."
"Today is day 3 on Latuda. First night I had to take a xanax to go to sleep, day 2 I fell asleep in my own.  Tonight I still have no symptoms.  I&#039;m feeling better after 3 days. I am highly sensitive to medication and was extremely frightened to start it.  I&#039;m very happy so far."
"I&#039;ve been taking the meds for about about 5 months now and I can honestly say I first I was so happy, I felt like my live had purpose. More chatty, as before I suffered form major depression where I didn&#039;t leave me bed in 2 months and constantly tired to kill myself. But I could see everything much clearer. But I got too over happy on this drug and by about 9 weeks of taking it I felt depressed for a week but I carried on taking it, I went to the doctors as one day I was really happy and the other day I was really unhappy, and threw taking the medication I was they diagnosed with manic depression (bipolar disorder) worst thing I ever done?"
"I like this medication for anxiety but sometimes it makes me mean.  I don&#039;t know if anyone else experienced this however, I highly recommend this drug for anxiety over any of the other benzodiazapines."
"I switched to Sprintec almost two months ago. The first month went well. My period only lasted about 4-5 days instead of my normal 5-7. My breasts did get a bit swollen and sore the first few weeks of the pack, but it wasn&#039;t terrible. However, I have noticed that the first few days of a new pack, I get vaginal itchiness and I worry that I&#039;m going to get a yeast infection.
This second month has been terrible, though. I started my second week of pills with some light spotting, and now I am at the end of my 3rd week and it has progressively turned into a fairly regular flow, so much so that I have to wear a tampon every day. I&#039;m nervous to see how bad it gets next week when I&#039;m actually supposed to be on my period."
"I wish this would go over the counter already. This stuff works great. Whether I get burnt from a flat iron or curling iron or even a bad sun burn this stuff works great! Had some left over after my daughter slipped on the deck and hit her shoulder against the BBQ. I tried neosporin for a couple days and nothing. Dr rx&#039;d SSD cream her burn was gone the next day!"
"Didn&#039;t notice any pain relief with this medicine."
"been taking Nplate for 4  years 
I take N Plate weekly . No side affects . Been keeping my count above 50 most of the time higher 
count is over 100,000"
"I have been taking endep for around 2 weeks now, prior to that I was having psychotic tendencies and severe boughts of rage almost every day, which was brought on by underlying anxiety, Endep (and valium) have allowed me to live a normal life, I Have gotten back into things I enjoy I feel like a different person,I am more sociable and 100 times more happy in general I hope this helps someone in a similar situation."
"So I started this BC due to painful periods/irregular periods. I had tried a combo pill called low low estrogen and it just gave me terrible side effects. Jolivette seriously helped me out. I rarely get periods, unless I&#039;m super stressed out, no mood swings and no pregnancy (though that didn&#039;t become a concern until last year). I&#039;ve been taking it for four years now and would highly recommend this. Saved me a lot of hospital visits and made my life easier."
"I had a Septal infarct at age 46 last year which brought on overwhelming depression post recovery. Not knowing I had had the heart attack (put it down to terrible upper epigastric pain). I suffered in bed with my own concoctions and obviously made it through this period.

I went to the doctors two weeks later with a feeling of major depression and did not inform her of the abdominal pain prior to this (didn&#039;t feel related). She started me on 50mg Pristiq daily that made me feel much better in one week and my mood continued to improve over the next 3 months to better than I had felt in such a long time. I still take Pristiq (1 year later) because I dread falling back into the major depressive episode I had even if it was related to the Infarct."
"I LOVE Excedrin migraine, it&#039;s literally the only OTC pain reliever that completey gets rid of my migraines. Advil, and Tylenol just does not even touch my migraine to relieve it, but this is definitely my favorite migraine cure, gets rid of tension, light sensitivity, and all... I suffer chronic migraines due to genetics, and this I highly recommend for anyone suffering a bad migraine"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for two and a half years now- with no ill side effects other than slight decrease in sex drive. It has significantly reduced menstrual cramps, so ibuprofen is only needed occasionally. Light cramps occur a day or two before my period, followed by light to moderate cramps on the first day.
No change in appetite, or increase in headaches. Most of all, it&#039;s effective."
"I needed to be on Armour Thyroid because Synthetic Thyroid didn&#039;t work on me. I could not convert T3 to T4.
  Now the company has re Formulated &quot;Armour&quot; and it doesn&#039;t work.
&quot;NP Thyroid&quot; works Very well."
"I was put on two meds at the same time, so I had a difficult time deciding which drug was messing with me.  ie -- inflammation so bad that it created facial hot break outs on my face, lips.  I experienced increase in heart rate and shakes.  I went off Breo on the 5th of June and stayed on my other drug for diabetics..  Everything settled down and my normal self returned.  This morning I decide to reintroduce my Breo to find it definitely is the culprit.  Immediate hot flashes, shakes and increased heart rate.  I love how it works, but hate what it does for me.  Please take time to truly decipher which drug it is if you&#039;re on multiples."
"This is effective in terms of keeping me from getting pregnant. I was a little upset my pharmacy gave me something new without telling me, but I tried it anyways. My previous bc didn&#039;t make me lose weight or gain weight. Made it constant unless I worked out it. 
This new bc I&#039;ve been taking for three months now made me gain back weight that took me a long time to lose. I&#039;m pretty upset. It makes me act out and more depressed than I am on random times. I&#039;m more upset about it making me gain weight. I also break out a little more than usual. I already have bad acne, but I noticed I get it more often now. Either than that.  No baby. No other side effects I noticed. I will be asking my pharmacy to change my bc when I am done with my last one."
"Coming onto this medication at first I didn&#039;t notice anything in particular. I was on the train and I just noticed that my disoriented thoughts and feeling super nervous calmed quite a bit. I did notice I didn&#039;t talk as much as I did before I started the medication. It helpsx with my depersonalization. But at the same time it adds fuel to my underlying depression that I had in the past. At the same time I believe that&#039;s a good thing. Because it&#039;s helping me heal hidden broken parts of myself. It especially helps when talking to my therapist about my past. I hate how tired I am, as I am typing this I think I yawned at least 8 times. Delayed orgasms suck as well...but sometimes I take a day off from taking one pill so it&#039;s okay."
"I took one pill that gave me a terrible stomach ache that lasted three days."
"I was so scared to start this pill because of all the negative reviews, so glad I started anyways!  I had been on the Mirena for 5 years and didn&#039;t want another so my Dr prescribed me these. First, they were free under my insurance. I have not gained ANY weight and have had zero side effects! Other then making sure to remember to take them, it has been a painless transition. Don&#039;t be scared of the bad reviews, what works for some may not work for others! These have been great!"
"No heart burn but more importantly cured life long bowel problem of having to go 4 to 5 times a day down to 1 or 2."
"I started Celexa two weeks ago, it already seems to be helping. I used to worry non stop and I felt very down.  It has helped for my anxiety."
"Well, I have been on it for about 5 months and now being weaned off.  Lots of sweating, eyes hurt, joints hurt and my nerves are a bit amplified.  No more bleeding, I just hope that when I am all the way off it the pouchitus will not return."
"I am 49 years old and have been a smoker since the age of 17. I smoked a pack a day. I was never successful in stopping smoking more than a couple of days. I started taking Chantix and after a couple of days the cigarettes start to taste terrible, not enjoyable at all. Day 5, I bought what I thought was going to be my last pack of cigarettes. I smoked two out of the pack and there are 18 left in the pack in my bedroom. It is really a miracle drug, I hope they comprehensively tested this thing. Cause it is too good to be true."
"I have been taking Voltaren since I herniated a disc in my lumbar spine in 1999.  I have had NO adverse reactions.  I have had 2 surgeries, the last in 2007 and was off my medication for 8 months and as soon as I took 1 tablet, I could feel the difference! I highly recommend this medication to all my friends and anyone who needs an anti-inflammatory."
"I was given this to help with bronchiospasms due to illness.  After two months of this not working,  I got a refill.  The second one worked.  The first one did not.  I called 1-888-482-9522.  This is their complaint line.  They requested to send me a fed ex package so I could return.  I requested a refund for there is still  11 doses on the clicker.  They don&#039;t give refunds."
"Clonidine has helped me so much since I was on moriphine 80mg 3 times a day (tad) and oxy 45mg 3 tad  and methadone 10mg 3 tad. I was so scared not knowing what to expect and clonidine .3  2 tad worked so good I was surprised. Give it a chance"
"Suboxone saved my life. And that&#039;s a fact. Thank you Suboxone for helping me see through my daily Loracet dependence!"
"I have systemic lupus, and was put on gabapentin for continued pain several weeks ago, despite control of my disease I have not felt this good in 5 years. Can actually sleep through the night, and wake up in no pain! Thank you gabapentin, I now actually feel I have hope to get back to a normal life."
"SW: 201.5
CW: 201.5
GW:150
5&#039;8&quot; 40 years old 
I&#039;m on day 3 and although I haven&#039;t lost any weight yet, I do have more energy. No side effects yet. As far as appetite, I&#039;ve noticed that I eat the same amount at meals but the fullness lasts much longer so I&#039;ve completely stopped snacking. Haven&#039;t had a snack between meals since day 1. I&#039;m hopeful"
"I&#039;m 58 and was a pack a day smoker for 15 years. After one day on the pills I stopped smoking. It&#039;s too easy. Minor side effects.  The second week I went onto half dosage. Because I could. Don&#039;t recommend. I&#039;m on 25 days now, 25% dosage. I&#039;ll continue for a few weeks, gradually reduce the dosage. 
Libido up. Feeling strong. 
I recommend with all my heart."
"Took Moviprep and 5 hours later nothing has happened. Ready to go to bed. Have to take again at 6am"
"I have always been a huge stressor ever since I had my first son. I was 17 and after I had him I suffered from postpartum depression. I would cry all the time and started suffering from panic attacks shortly after. I did not try antidepressants until I was about 22, then started Zoloft. Took an edge off but no re-life of anxiety. Today  I am 32 still a sufferer of stress and depression . Been taking Prozac 20mg for 5 months - huge difference. My husband says he can tell. I don&#039;t have outburst and I only cry when I should. Not at the drop of a hat. I try not to stress over little things and just had the best Christmas ever because I did not think of suicide like I have in the past. I was actually happy and thankful to be here."
"I gave this medication a 5 and here&#039;s why.When I was in the hospital and Dilaudid was put in my Iv, it managed my pain GREAT. It kept me mostly pain free and comfortable enough to be able to sleep at night. Wonderful for my back pain.Now on the other hand,ORAL DILAUDID does not work at all.I thought it was just me after I was Rx&#039;d them for BT pain but my pharmacist agrees. So I give Dilaudid that&#039;s given through an Iv a 10 but the ORAL formulation of this medication I give a 0.Again,this is not just me,my pharmacy told me they&#039;ve gotten many complaints of ORAL Dilaudid not providing relief."
"There are no two ways about it, Vivitrol saved my life. In combination with rehabilitation in the outpatient setting (where I was referred to a local doctor who provides the shots; specializing in pain mgmt. &amp; dependence issues), therapy, and receiving Vivitrol once monthly, my life has completely changed for the better. I am happier, less tense, less anxious, among other benefits. I was a hardcore addict, and would likely not be around still if it weren&#039;t for Vivitrol blocking the opiate receptors (no &quot;high&quot; at all; no matter how much you use) and it reducing cravings as well. I very highly recommend Vivitrol to those struggling with addiction. You&#039;ll see how much better your quality of life will be, and this shot can help you get there."
"I started on Venlafaxine several months ago -- went from 37.4 to 75 to150mg. This was situational, as we had lost our 34-year old daughter several years ago in an extremely traumatic accident.   When I was taking 150 mg., I felt less anxious and depressed but foggy-headed, and my emotions have been blunted.  Over a short period of time, I experienced excruciating headaches, sleepiness, dry mouth, constipation, bizarre dreams, and felt detached from myself.  Under the guidance of my APRN, I&#039;ve been decreasing the dosage.  The weaning process has been difficult, and my memory is terrible.  I have now weaned to 37.5 mg. and will stay at this dose for a while. I have always been extremely sensitive to prescription meds; lower dose makes sense."
"Ive been taking this about 6 months .. Coming off my paraguard implant which i hated copper does not belong in the uterus ... The first month I started on  sprintec I ended up with a yeast infection.. Im assuming the extra amount of estrogen caused this an body had to get use to it ...lasted maybe 4 an half days... It did regulate my period to when I started the white pills ...now this is my 6 month and I&#039;m started to have two periods a month heavy bleeding too... Although effective not sure why I&#039;m having heavy periods so often now. Another side affect it has made me loose about 20 pounds  over this course of time I become super tired allll the time ... It works but I guess gotta get use to it."
"Hi I&#039;m a 47 year old male and have had crohn&#039;s now for 17 years. I&#039;ve been taking one sachet of pentasa in the morning after breakfast. I realise I&#039;m pretty lucky as I lead a normal life, enjoying a pint or to with a curry etc. My only issue from time to time is painful cramps from my back passage, this happens during the night and can last anywhere between 15 mins to an hour, this happens maybe once every 2 months. I have not had any surgery so I&#039;m very greatful for pentasa as it seams to keep my Crohn&#039;s at bay. I from Scotland and get my medication prescription free."
"I was given Doxepin 50mg to help me sleep.  It knocked me out -  This is the zombie apocalypse of sleep meds.   It worked very well, but kept working all the next day.  I slept about 17 hours and felt extremely groggy when I got up.  I wouldn&#039;t recommend it if you just have trouble falling to sleep.  I need something milder so i can function the next day."
"I was put on the Remeron initailly for insomnia. It caused me to gain a little weight but I only weighed about 95 lbs. so that was a plus for me. I took it for about 7 years. Then the sleep got worse and Ambien was added. I have been diagnosed with anxiety, stress, and panic disorder as well as fibromyalgia. It finally got to a point where nothing was working. Two sleep specialists later, I am just dealing. I had to quit work because of the inability to sleep and function in my job. I am on Seroquel for sleep which has caused me to gain about 25 lbs unfortunately it has been the only thing that has helped with the sleep and the Klonopin. Remeron was great for depression and sleep for about 7 years. I gained very little weight from it and it works."
"I have been taking birth control pills for over 10 years and never experienced a single negative side (other than bloating) until taking Ethinyl Estradiol &amp; Levonorgestrel, also known as Aviane. It led to near-constant nausea and severe adult acne. A warning to women everywhere: STAY AWAY.

Ethinyl Estradiol &amp; Levonorgestrel AKA Aviane also goes by the following brand names:

Alesse, Altavera, Amethyst, Enpresse, Lessina, Levlen, Levora, Lutera, Lybrel, Nordette, Orsythia, Portia, Sronyx, Tri-Levlen, Triphasil-21, Triphasil-28, Trivora-28"
"I have had TN for about 10 years, but was switched from Trileptal to carbamazepine, 100 mg 3x/day, about a month ago. The first week I felt almost pain-free, but since have been in constant pain. It does not seem to work for me at all now!"
"Two scripts (different mg) Kadian(brand only) therapeutic amount by far the best long acting narcotic I&#039;ve taken (with Lyrica ,Topomax , Zanaflex, etc). Struck by lightning- neurological effects; fibromyalgia; thoracic outlet syndrome; spinal stenosis in cervical, thoracic &amp; lumbar. 3 level lumbar decompression -power wheelchair; thoracic spinal surgery, and so much more."
"I am only able to take levaquin or cipro due to allergies to other antibiotic&#039;s. I normally only had 500 mg. This time doctor gave me 750 mg for ten days and was added prednisone 20mg take three tab daily for four day. I was feeling bad on the higher dose of levaquin but needs to get better being asthmatic, I stopped after 7th day of antibiotic and stopped prednisone as well, pains burning inflammation was horrible confusion, rapid heart beat, shaky legs. Can&#039;t move left arm well from shoulder to fingers, weakness pain. Pain discomfort in joints muscles bones. My kidneys and abdominal discomfort on and off with that. My physician said could be higher dosage plus on October was on 500mg.  Says it tendonitis."
"No side effects at all. Only positives - energy, better sleep.My god - how did I survive the last 20+ years working full time, raising kids and busy/stressful lifestyle, but always tired and everything felt like an impossible huge task. I never attributed these feeling to Hep C. Didn&#039;t want to use it as an excuse. I cry for all the years where I struggled to get up and do whatever had to be done. Each day was torture. I am a 54 yr old female, 1b, probably got it from my mother or in childhood, due to imperfect sterilisation in those days. I have 3 tablets left after taking 81. No tests during that time. I had a very high viral load (but normal liver funct test and fibroscan). Afraid,hoping very high load is not a factor for a cure."
"Just wanted to thank you everyone who took their time to write these reviews. I was adamant I was going to overcome anxiety by myself but I lost more and more control. Lived in the constant fear of it and was obsessed. My life has been literally on hold for the last 8 weeks and my husband and children have suffered from it too. After reading your reviews yesterday I took my first Lexapro, didn&#039;t think it would work for a few weeks but actually the effect was pretty immediate, about an hour after taking it I went out and suddenly realized the world, the color, the people everything looked like it used too! Very little side effects so far, only dry mouth and poor appetite. So far so good."
"Sometimes after a night of partying I become nauseous. One of my customers suggested Dramamine after I threw up. Now I can party all night! My revenue is up as I can still work. Thank you dramamine! (oh and a side note Dramamine works a lot better taken orally compared to rectally but what do I know I&#039;m just a 30 year old man. Go nuts!)"
"I have had implanon for about 3 months. It was very sore for about a week after insertion. It has also moved almost the full length towards my elbow so I&#039;m am going to get it checked. I have not had a period since I got it inserted. I have ups and downs with mood swings. The first month was the worst. Since then I will randomly get upset or mad and have recently been breaking out a lot which is not normal for me. I also have had bad headaches. It is very convenient but there are a lot of side effects. I am going to put up with it and see if they improve after 6 months. I prefer the patch which I had no side effects but it was more expensive."
"Started Suprep at 2 p.m. Today. Followed advice found on many blogs and was helped. Ate thick lime Jello...used half the amount of water to make it....about one hour before 1st dose of Suprep. Mixed Suprep with room temp Smart Water. Used a quarter lemon  to rub the rim of the container, then held my nose, drank big gulps and basted my tongue with the lemon  after each gulp. Only smelled the grape scent once.  Sipped tea with lemon afterward and drank slowly the next 32 oz of water. Remained standing and walking...no bending or sitting until needed! So far it has been 2.5 hours....no pains, just almost clear. Was necessary to be in the bathroom...not just close! 
Also ate very lightly starting Friday...procedure is tomorrow at 10:30."
"I was put on Klonopin about four years ago.  It worked very well until I made a change from 1 mg that was blue to a .5 that was yellow, both by Sandoz.   I was trying to make it easier to break in half and lower my dose. After about 4 months I began to notice as soon as I took the .5 yellow tablet, I would break out into a sweat all over my body like I was having an allergic reaction.  It was during this time I developed Burning Tongue Syndrome.  On the blue 1mg it began to feel like icy hot was put on my legs.  I was trying to see if anyone else had these symptoms. I may have gotten a bad batch of Generics but if I have it was on three different refills.  Something has changed with this medication."
"I got mine 6 wks ago. The insertion was uncomfortable but I was ready for that. It was slightly more painful than a biopsy at the gyno. I don&#039;t usually cramp on my period but I experienced cramping after the procedure. It was mild &amp; I was able to go back to work. I know when my coworker got hers she was not able to. I think it&#039;s a matter of Anatomy. I experienced some bleeding afterwards. Then had some spotting for a month. My Dr. &amp; friends who have IUD&#039;s all said it was normal at first. I think the worst part was when I got my 1st period with it. I kid you not...I though I was giving birth. The waves lasted 2hrs &amp; then I was normal. For the most part the experience was positive except that part. Was told that it can happen the 1st cycle"
"Extremely effective. Takes several weeks for your body to adjust to the flushing side effect. It will eventually go away."
"Hi everyone. I am recently a new user of zoloft. I am in the process of weaning off the current antidepressant pristiq, which I feel has been not helping me...so my therapist recommended zoloft. She had me start by weaning off pristiq by taking my full dosage and half dosage of zoloft and by week 4 I&#039;ll be completely off pristiq and on zoloft. I&#039;m curious how everyone feels about zolof...their side affects, improvements etc. I suffer from anxiety attacks and slight depression."
"I had Hep C genotype 2, and I am on week 9 of the 12 week treatment, and my labs came back last week and the hepatitis virus was not detected. The treatment is working! I tested negative for hep C! Wahoooooo! I repeat, the virus was NOT DETECTED in my bloodwork. Im taking Sovaldi and ribavirin, and the side effects for me, were manageable...headaches, fatigue, and that vague, flu-like ache in the joints but I am able to work 40  hours a week and I gladly suffer the mild to medium side effects, because I&#039;m CURED. I&#039;m CURED. The worst part about all this is my insurance only covers 80% of my extensive bloodwork/labs, so I&#039;m on the hook around 1000$, so far, but I only pay 15 for doctors per visit, and 15 a month for meds."
"I have tried a variety of SSRI antidepressant medications and Zoloft by far was the most useful in managing my anxiety and depression.  I am bipolar 1 and also take lithium, propranolol, gabapentin, Vistaril and Klonopin.  The main problem was that more recently I have begun having rapid cycling manic episodes forcing me to begin tapering off."
"Was ill and stopped taking them. Couldn&#039;t stop vomiting...
A few months later I tried again and wasn&#039;t as sick so I stuck it out, then they found I still have white blood cells in my urine, so I guess they don&#039;t work for me."
"I am 66 years old and after 50 (yes,50) years of smoking, I proudly say I am an ex smoker!
I was making ready for ankle surgery and my doctor told me I would probably heal better if I did not smoke.  The time was perfect to quit.  I got a prescription for Chantix.  I took it as directed.
My last cigarette was October 7, 2015 - the day before my surgery.  I am so happy to be an ex smoker!"
"I&#039;m 49 years and single and had several issues maintaining an erection over the past year. So my doctor gave me a sample pack of 20mg Cialis. Cialis WORKS!"
"I have cluster headache ( worst type
Of headache/ migraine) Tylenol doesn&#039;t work, I was prescribed this, and I could not be any happier with the result. You&#039;re supposed to leave it in your mouth and let it dissolves. The taste isn&#039;t at all that bad - taste like breath mint. But within about 0-15 minutes, the migraine is gone! I recommend this!"
"I previously used Mono-Linyah. I somehow end up with this one when my insurance changed, and had to go to a different retail.  I shouldn&#039;t even be charged at all.

Since I do notice slightly I am having some weird effect if I do not take this pill right on time. Those are period going off balance, and the pimples on my arm seem to appear more often so it&#039;s doesn&#039;t do well as Mono-Linyah take care of that. So, for me, it&#039;s just a 9/10."
"This just transformed my life. Were this pill to be subsidised by all governments crime rates would drop, depression in both males and females would diminish  - paradise.

Little blushing at first, slightly heavy head - but then: stamina!

43 y.o., very fit, Erectile Dysfunction since sex debute. Overnight all problems solved. There is only one thing I&#039;d like to tell the scientists behind this: THANK YOU."
"This worked wonders for me.  Seasonal adjustment may be needed as it is with me."
"The first night I took 1 and I slept so good, but that is probably also because I was running on 2 hours of sleep that day.  2nd night I took 2 at 10pm and finally fell asleep at 4am.  3rd night I took 2 at 1am, took another half at 5:30am and took the other half (total of 3 pills) at 8:30am, finally fell asleep at 9am.  Doctor told me I wouldn&#039;t have the groggy feeling when I woke up.  I was so groggy the last 2 days that I had taken it the night before.  If I would move too fast the room would spin, this was over 12 hours of taking the last pill.  I called my dr and told her to cancel the prescription because I am not taking them any more"
"I have been on 40MG of citalopram for 6 years. I am a nurse. I had really bad anxiety where I couldn&#039;t even leave my house. Right away I started to feel a release. The best way I could describe it was that I didn&#039;t feel constantly on edge anymore. I have been very drowsy pretty much the whole 6 years I&#039;ve been on citalopram. I&#039;m going to try cutting back my dosage to 20 MG eventually here and see how I manage on it. I have tried other SSRI&#039;s that have made me more anxious and each medication effects each person differently so remember that! While citalopram works for me it may make someone else&#039;s anxiety worse. Too much serotonin in the body causes anxiety so it&#039;s all about finding the correct balance."
"Also experienced the same nasty side effects as so many others... weight gain, hormones, acne, migraines, fatigue, and complete loss of libido. I gave it nearly a year in the hopes the side effects would balance out, but I continually felt worse. I can hardly wait to get this crud out of me!"
"Rotated me off oxy and onto this for six months.  Works ok."
"I would say I have seen a complete turn around in my depression. I use 40mg of Celexa and Xanax proscribed three times a day if needed. I usually take two Xanax before bed to fall asleep. I&#039;ve been on it a year and can say its been a a blessing. Didn&#039;t start that way! I chose to stick through some of the side effects and gradually increased my dosage. From 10, 20, 30 now 40 mg which I take every morning. Now I feel the balance. When in need, I spoke with my Doctor to increase if I was not feeling to my full potential of the medicines. Still working on my anxiety around people! Doing better from where I started. GOOD LUCK ALL!"
"Remicade is a lifesaver.  Before Remicade, I was spending a huge amount of my time in the tub soaking because I was itching so badly.  Not anymore!  For the first time in 15 years, I am ready to wear short sleeves in public!  I have had no side effects and am about to take my 12th treatment next week.  Don&#039;t be afraid to give it a try; it&#039;s so worth it!"
"I was addicted to opiates really bad for about five years and it is by the grace of God I am not dead. Suboxone saved my life. I live a normal life and my pain is managed well. It gave me my life back!!!!!!!! I am so thankful for this medicine."
"Wanted to come leave a review as these comforted me when I was reading them.  Had sex around 10pm on a Sunday, took the one pill around 6 pm  on a Monday.  I am 190 lbs so I was above the suggested limit.  It worked, I got my period on time.  HOWEVER the side effects made me insane!  They will make you think you are pregnant! Starting Tuesday, I had to pee regularly.  I had ridiculous diarrhea and my appetite was wonky - some foods put me off and I was craving others.  4 days after taking the pill - Friday - the nausea started.  I was convinced it hadnt worked. I even thought I was going to vomit but never did.  Then, Saturday symptoms vanished completely.  4 days after that they came back!  This pill did insane things to my body but worked"
"I got put on PHENTERMINE 37.5 in March of 2010 and my weight when I started taking it was 242. Now November 2010 my weight is 162.7lbs, and from a size 18 to a 10/12 2X to a Large. I&#039;ve always struggled with my weight, have tried every diet nothing worked like this does. At my all time highest weight which was 350 lbs, size 4X and 28 in jeans due to depression. So now in my 30&#039;s I&#039;m looking better then I have ever looked my whole life. Phentermine has done wonderful miracles for me. A few side effects, minor ones though..But they were/are at times :headaches (minor); and constipation. Hope this eases those who are terrified and &quot;assume&quot; phentermine will do all these bad things WE heard in the past. "
"This is one of the only drugs that I don&#039;t have any side effects from."
"I just recently got on the shot. I had unprotected sex within the third week prior. I haven&#039;t started my period and it&#039;s scaring me a bit. Ever since I got on the shot, I&#039;ve realized I&#039;ve had multiple nose bleeds. I&#039;m not sure if this is from the shot. My sex drive hasn&#039;t decreased a bit. But I seem to be drier than before. "
"So my husband and I have five children. So we get pregnant very easily. After baby number four my husband had a vasectomy....I have five children so you can see how well that turned out for us. After the birth of my son and after the waiting period we had an intimate moment but I hadn&#039;t started any birth control yet. Being terrified that I could get pregnant again I took plan B. The side effects started about three days later and I haven&#039;t been that sick ever! It was awful. I felt very pregnant as well. But after thtat week I got my period. It was very heavy and I had read that it might just be withdrawal bleeding so then I worried for another four weeks before my next period finally came. So I&#039;m not pregnant. IUD appointment already set"
"Loving it, thanks for a great product."
"These prenatals are amazing! I took samples from my doctor and after 15 days my hair was growing so healthy, my nails were growing wonderfully. This prenatal is 2 pills. 1 is the prenatal (it smells and tastes of vanilla) and the DHA table (fish oil). Has a positive effect on bowel movements, keeps the baby healthy, etc."
"I have had migraines for quite sometime, and my doctor tried the Sumavel today. I felt a little dizzy and heavy but 15 minutes later migraine was completely gone. I immediately called my mom who has suffered from migraines for 15 years to tell her about it. Highly recommended!"
"Didn&#039;t work at all. I have a friend where the weight just fell off, so wanted to try it. He had side effects of lots of nausea and eventually stopped it because of that. I used it for six months at the highest dose and didn&#039;t lose any weight. Actually, I lost about 5 lbs the first month which is why I kept going, but regained that 5 and finished 6 months (at great expense!) with no weight loss. I will say I also had zero side effects. Nada. Zip. No nausea, nothing. Maybe having side effects is a marker for those it works in."
"Medication made me depressed easily over nothing never was one for mood swings also it was a constant struggle to stay awake period went from super tampons to ultra tampons acne for the first time in my life after I decided to get off of it and worst of all it made sexual sensitivity numb to any stimulation so glad to be off of this garbage..."
"I&#039;m 31. Just finish 3rd month of Loestrin. Severely tender breasts 3 weeks out of the month. Major mood swings and depression during 3rd week of the month. Headaches got worse over course of 3 months. Tiny bit of weight gain, no acne and almost no period, they only last about 2 days. Doctor switched me to Loseasonique because of the mood swings."
"I started this birth control 2 months ago and I have never had acne or skin problems and I&#039;m getting small zits/bumps/acne around my chin and jawline and I&#039;ve done a ton of research and it&#039;s hormonal. My diet hasn&#039;t been the best so that probably doesn&#039;t help either. My mood has definitely levelled off and I feel more calm overall I think than my last bc but I cannot stand getting this acne I&#039;m developing."
"Only take Effexor if you want to be on it for life. The withdrawal lasted 3 months for me. I think my body and mind are permanently damaged from this drug. It helped anxiety by numbing me but at the same time, made me more depressed at times."
"Although I have only been on this med for 12 days so far. I feel wonderful. I have had severe depression due to being sick the past 3 years and nothing has been helping me get better (spinal nerve damage and severe migraines everyday) ; sometimes I just felt like I wanted to die I felt no hope.I haven&#039;t felt any side effects and my migraines are almost completely gone. I get up and do more around my house, more than ever and I am taking better care of myself. Im happy for the first time in my life. I know most people will think it&#039;s too good to be true; but really you should ask your doctor if it might be for you. I am so glad I am on this; never had a medicine work so good. Hope it last. Plus right now I have the flu and still happy!"
"This pill has been magic for me. I&#039;ve been on it for 6 years until last month when the pharmacy switched me to Levora. Levora was not good for me, so I am switching back to Portia and NEVER taking any other pill again. Portia took away my PMS (only side effect that remained was getting a little bit bloated before my period). The horrible cramps ended, and my 6 day period was reduced to 3 or 4 days. I have bipolar disorder and it didn&#039;t affect my anti-depressant. I&#039;m also on Lamictal. If you take Lamictal, be aware that it might reduce the effectiveness of it which means you may have to take a higher dose than if you weren&#039;t on birth control. I&#039;ve had a great experience with Portia, and can&#039;t wait to get back on it tomorrow!"
"This Drug does not work period!  Causes severe depression and unwanted thoughts in almost everyone I know who has taken this drug.  Try finding a real person that takes Strattera that says it helps them with their ADHD or ADD."
"An excellent medication, out of all meds I tried none were as effective for managing my PTSD symptoms. Completely prevented flashbacks and nightmares and anxiety at night and allowed me to fall asleep very calmly. However I can&#039;t give it a 10 because I gained tolerance to the doses incredibly quickly, meaning I had to keep raising the dose to get the same effect, which is dangerous because it is a drug you can become physically addicted to. I would highly recommend this med to those seeking a short term fix while they are becoming stable on another long term med, but would not recommend it as a long term fix due to tolerance and addiction possibilities."
"I was first on the Depo shot in august, and my obgyn said my period may not come at all. My period started 3 days after it was expected to hit; I bled for 9 days and 4 hours into the the 10th day when I contacted my gyno for help she put me on sprintec, my period stopped but only for 12 days then it started again, it got so bad i landed in the hospital with 4 points from a transfusion. This month I was 10 days late and for the last 3 days I have been extremely light on bleeding more like spotting and its not normal red blood its brown. This has me a little worried but I will continue these pills to see if it gets any better."
"Just wanted to let everyone know that many insurance companies are starting to cover qsymia (if you have insurance)with prior authorization from your physician.  My copay is only $15"
"I have been getting 2 injections once  a month for almost two years now. Before the doctor diagnosed me as having Chronic Urticaria with Angioedema, I went into anaphylactic shock 3 times in a month. Xolair has made a huge difference for me. I have not had any hives since I started getting Xolair injections. My big issue is my insurance (Blue Cross Blue Shield of TN) requires me to go to a different office within a group in order for them to cover the cost of injections. Every time I have gone to this other office I end up with a hard spot at injection site with major bruising. It is very frustrating. Still outweighs the horrendous hives."
"I hate this pill! I hate all birth control but especially this one. I&#039;ve experienced pretty much every bad side effect. Depression/anxiety, mood swings, headaches, acne, WEIGHT GAIN (like 30 lbs in 5 months), cramping, bloating, forgetfulness...and way more. The only pro is that I don&#039;t get cold sores nearly as much and I also only have 2 day periods. Other than that AWFUL."
"I was sold with the fact the WAS going to reduce my periods (never happened) I see my period 2 or 3 times in one month, when i&#039;m not on it i have heavy discharge with a strong odor, tired most of the time and gained some weight, not much but some and has been very difficult to loose those pounds. After a year just made an appointment to have it remove."
"My urinary tract infection cured fast."
"I was having pretty heavy pms and very irregular mensturation cycle. Now I&#039;m almost on my first year with Yasmin and never ever pms anymore. I feel even happier as my period gets closer. All thanks to yasmin. It took a little time for my body to get adjusted. Almost for first 2 months it made it worse than ever. But I knew that was gonna happen so I was patient. And it ended up extremely well. I recommend it for anyone having severe pms and emotional problems related to period. It&#039;s also really good to know exactly when to have your period."
"My celexa stopped working around Thanksgiving. I have been slowly going into a tail spin since. My Dr changed me to Zoloft which I took for 5 weeks and only got worse. I took my first cymbalta yesterday and woke up this morning with so much less pain and could actually walk without my joints hurting. Not to mention that My mind seems to be coming around too. I cannot believe how fast this medicine has begun working for me. Between the severe depression and back pain I had been having thoughts of suicide for over 2 weeks now. I actually slept good last night and feel so much better already today!"
"I have nerve pain in both legs due to nerve toxicity caused by levoflox two months ago which makes my life miserable and gave me unparalled stress and insomnia. I took 75 mg lyrica twice a day and this reduced my pain almost completely. However due to several side effects I am afraid to continue taking it but I don&#039;t have a choice coz the other medicines too have as terrible side effects. Its so discouraging that so far science has not been able to find a cure. By treating a particular health problem the side effects are bringing other bothersome problems too"
"I have been taking Bactrim for sinusitis around a week. I have developed painful sores on my tongue that are not visible to the eye. My mouth itches and burns terribly. It worked for my underlining condition but this side effect is unbearable."
"You know, I wasn&#039;t sure what to rate this. In terms of effectiveness, definitely very much so. But in terms of the quality of life after taking this for a year and a half, I&#039;m not sure it&#039;s worth it. It acted as a number for me. I don&#039;t remember many months of my life while taking this pill. The memory loss scares me sometimes. But I like to think I was just coasting, softly through time. Maybe that&#039;s what I needed from this pill during that time of my life, however. Anyway - I don&#039;t take this anymore. I have been switched to Lithium, which has been my slow but sure savior. Overall, Effexor XR is a strong medication for strong emotions, but you lose a part of who you are along with it."
"It really wasn&#039;t that bad. Tasted like grape cough syrup. I was nervous taking it, but it was akin to eating too much Nutri-sweet. Similar gas at first, then, it kicks in. Not violently though. I had plenty of time to make it to the toilet. My 1st dose took about 2 hrs to kick in. I am awaiting the second one as I write this."
"Did not work very well for me. My main problem is waking up in the middle of the night, worrying, and not being able to fall back asleep. I&#039;ve tried taking 15 mgs before going to bed, and it really has no effect. Still wake up in the middle of the night, with anxiety. 

On the plus side, it really had no side effects to speak of. On the minus side, it really had no effects at all. Maybe the dosage was too low for me? Don&#039;t know, but it was exactly the same as if I had taken nothing at all."
"PROS- PERFECT acne free skin
CONS
-breakthrough bleeding every month for 9 MONTHS but whatever
-melasma on cheeks and forehead starting to appear (I&#039;m only 24.. got some laser facial and hydroquinone cream/serum daily)

Not an abnormal amount of depression or any mood swings and my sex drive was normal. Just switched to Levora to help the breakthrough bleeding but I&#039;ve noticed some acne coming back after just 5 pills of the new one. Might be switching back to Lutera just for the clear skin!"
"I was told by MD that I probably have a hiatal hernia that is causing G.E.R.D. He prescribed an RX. When I went to pharmacy &amp; it was too expensive, pharmacist suggested I try an over-the-counter one. I read all the labels of ingredients on Prevacid, Prilosec, etc. I chose Prevacid because of it&#039;s ingredients. I have been VERY happy with it! It works well!"
"Hormonal acne totally gone from face back and chest within three weeks."
"I started taking phentermine 37.5mg on Oct 22,2017 I am weighing 220lb and would like to at least loss 60-70 pounds I do take Topamax  25 mg for my severe migraines and was not aware that it is used to loss weight as a combination with the medication I just started till I started browsing through the internet. So far I have seen a huge change on my appetite not craving for no goodies, eating small amount of food and drinking a lot of water, starting to do zumba at the house due to a lot of energy! I&rsquo;ll keep you guys posted."
"I inserted the little egg about 12 hours ago and all I felt was a slightly uncomfortable warm/burn sensation. I was even able to go out shopping and get coffee with some friends. The burning started after about 3-4 hours after insertion, and then lasted about 2 hours. I can now happily say that after only 12 hours a lot of my YI symptoms have calmed down and the area is just sort of tender to the touch now from the medication. Just make sure you wear a pad!

But like I said, the burning was nothing like this hell fire that some of you are describing. I am so sorry to all of you that experienced such horrible side effects. For those of you who were like me and read the reviews after already using the product, just know that there is hope!"
"had an endoscopy a few weeks ago for the main purpose of dilating the esophagus. I received a call a week later telling me about the H pylori so I began the regimen 7 days ago.   Today has been the worst of the 7 days I am very dizzy and nauseous. I am never hungry so it&#039;s been difficult to force feed just to get the pills down.  I have headaches and the metallic taste in my mouth. The two worse times are the lunch and dinner. I&#039;m only 107 lbs so may just cut back a pill on my own pray that helps. I have neck pain and headaches but that could be due to a nerve block on the neck done 8 days ago. Will repost after the breathing test. I was told to stay away from Motrin which helps with my neck pain that&#039;s another aggravation. No bowel issues"
"I have used Alli and was very happy.  It absolutely will help you lose weight. If you are planning on not adjusting your diet, it is not for you.  Since it inhibits fat from being absorbed, fat goes right through you and could definitely be embarrassing (if you know what I mean).  If you lower the fat in your diet, it will do wonders and the disgusting side effects will be minimal to non-existent."
"I&#039;ve been on 6mg for a week now.  I know I will probably need to be on 12mg as I think I&#039;m probably one of the most rapid drug metabolizers there is but I can tell things are different again.  I&#039;ve tried Prozac, Celexa, Effexor, Cymbalta, Wellbutrin, Trazodone and the traditional MAOI parnate and the only one that helped at all was Parnate which I stopped because of swollen ankles but actually started again this time when I withdrew from cymbalta again before starting Emsam.  Parnate &amp; Emsam actually lower my BP.  I also take 40mg Adderall 3xday and Claritin D and don&#039;t have hypertensive crisis or SS.  MAOIs are the only AD that don&#039;t make me numb &amp; hopefully at 9 or 12mg it will be great. I get upset easier but I am happy easier too."
"I am on my third week with Chantix. I usually smoke about half a pack a day. I have tried the gum and patches. I still couldn&#039;t quit. I&#039;m 29 and smoked for 9 years. My insurance Covered it. So it&#039;s amazing.  I am down to 1.5 cigs a day. Benefits are a curved appetite, disgusting taste of cigs, and I feel chill. I suffer from Anxiety and I haven&#039;t felt anxious at all. Chantix is gonna allow me to start running again and get back to good health. This is a life saver!  A real blessing!  It&#039;s hard quitting nicotine. I loved smoking!"
"I take 30mg (half tablet) 4 x daily.  Works great for dysautonomia. "
"Honestly, if you want to experience PAIN then this is right for you. Yeah it prevents pregnancy and what not but the amount of pain you experience in your uterus is totally not worth it! I am 20 years old and I&#039;ve never experienced this amount/type of pain. Its extremely harsh and it feels like needles piercing through you! I gained 4 pounds the first week and I&#039;m VEGAN! My breasts got bigger too and I&#039;m not complaining but the pain just isn&#039;t for me."
"Miracle sleeping pill"
"I haven&#039;t been able to fall asleep until after 2 or 3am for about a year, even if I was extremely tired I would just lie in bed for hours. I would be lucky if I got 3-5 hours of sleep a night. My doctor prescribed me Ambien 2 weeks ago. I&#039;ve been getting the best sleep ever. I even wake up after 6-8 hours fully refreshed and awake. I&#039;m just happy to be getting a normal sleep. This really works. I have no stories of waking up in the middle of the night doing odd things."
"I&#039;ve been on Depakote, Lithium and now Trileptal.  Trileptal has given me absolutely no side effects, no weight gain and it controls my mood.  I was bumping into walls, throwing up, feeling like I was high and eating everything in sight on Depakote.  I gained so much weight.  On Lithium, I did well, but couldn&#039;t deal with the gastrointestinal issues, as well as urinating every other hour, and being thirsty all the time.  Nothing quenched my thirst.  This medicine is like taking a vitamin and it has stabilized my moods for almost 5 years now."
"I know its working but I have really bad breath.  Never before have I had a problem with that but know I cannot eat enough mints.  I will take that side effect because I feel 100% better."
"21, no kids, had Paragard inserted yesterday. I read hundreds of reviews beforehand that led me to believe I&#039;d be writhing in pain the whole time. Yes, it hurt, but only for 20 seconds total out of a 5 minute ordeal. I think for me at least, a lot of what I was registering as pain was more shock at such a completely foreign sensation. I immediately had what felt like my usual, period cramps but a bit worse, but those went away after 5ish hrs. Now, less than 24 hrs after insertion, I feel FINE. Every so often I&#039;ll get a dull cramp but that&#039;s IT. Here&#039;s hoping it continues to be a positive experience (for the next TEN years!!!?!)"
"I really wanted to love this because the benefits are pretty sweet. Haven&#039;t had my period in 6 months, sex any time without worrying, and I can&#039;t forget to take it. However, I have experienced a lot of negative consequences when it comes to this. Since getting it implanted 4/2015, I have gained a total of 19lbs. My doctor asked how much my lifestyle has changed, and if anything--it&#039;s gotten better. Back in the spring I was eating out all the time, but since the summer I&#039;ve been working like crazy, exercising more and more, and eating healthier. All in all *I* would not do it again. However, it affects different people different ways. I would never say don&#039;t try it. Talk with your doc and use your best judgement."
"Well I got nexplanon inserted in June, so I&#039;ve had it for about 6 months now. Well it is very effective, I haven&#039;t had any scares of pregnancy. BUT the side effects are horrible. I&#039;ve put on about 26 pounds and I&#039;m covered in stretch marks everywhere! From my thighs to my sides, my stomach, breasts, arms. I hate it! I feel real low about myself. I excercise regularly but nothing changes. I&#039;ve also gotten very moody and bitchy. I&#039;m debating if I should get it removed. I don&#039;t want to go on 2 more years and being a dang tiger!"
"About 2 years, I was lifting weights and hurt myself. I was told that I have costochrondistis. I had a very hard time breathing and made few addtional trips to the ER. At my age, the DR thought maybe it was my heart and sent me to a cardiologist who performed many tests, but all the tests were negative including MRI/CT Scans. I got better then the issues flared up. It got better again, but 2 weeks ago I couldn&#039;t breath  I decided to go to another DR who asked me many questions and finally gave Meloxicam 15 mg. I have been this med for about 2 days and god do I feel the different. My abs are no longer tender and there is no tightness in my chest. I no longer suffer and am able to breath freely. Thank God"
"I started latuda about 2 weeks ago and am taking the 80 mg So far I have not noticed much change at all. I feel a bit more happy during the day but not much. However, debating on if I should stop taking it due to the horrific side effects I am having. It makes me feel over tired. You know that feeling you get when your to drunk? You wanna go to sleep but your to dizzy and feel like throwing up? It feels like that. Also I become very weak and can hardly pick up anything. I&#039;m hoping these side effects will pass so I can start to understand if it is working for me or not."
"I wish I knew about this medication years ago.  It has been a year this month and I have had tremendous results.  My husband is shocked.  This was very scary for me to try because I always was told that I should use alternate ways to relieve my symptoms.  My mother and grandmother suffered from PMDD and I wish they had this option.  I highly recommend it, especially for those who do everything else; eating right and exercising."
"Have been on Simponi for 6 months. Works great, and within 1-2 days. Was on methotrexate for many months and it did nothing. Then tried Humira for 1 month which worked well. Rheumatologist then switched me to Simponi. Monthly injection is much better than every two weeks (Humira). Unfortunately my insurance, Health Spring, refuses to cover it. Dr. has been giving me free samples of Simponi. "
"It&#039;s been good for me so far.  My Gyno chose minastrin for me because it&#039;s a low
Hormones.   I can&#039;t really tell if I&#039;ve gained weight but it doesn&#039;t really matter to me. I&#039;ve had some bad side effects (nausea) the first month  of taking Minastrin but my Gyno said that was to be expected. Most days I&#039;m not really hungry but then some days I&#039;m starving. It just depends! This is my first BC and I&#039;m 21 so I haven&#039;t really had much other experience but this is all what I expected. It&#039;s okay but if it&#039;s not working for you talk to your Gyno and find one that does!"
"Taking Ethambutol didn&#039;t give me a rash per say but I experienced big red itchy dots all over my body."
"After operation of retina detachment and removal of silicon oil my wife had been injected with two injections in her eye viz. Avastin Inj twice. But the situation did not improve. Doctor advised to give ozurdex injection. She was given one ozurdex injection. After giving ozurdex injection the cornea started eroding. She first faced with conjuctivities and redness in her eye after two months of this injection. She is now having a blurred vision/hazzy and cornea erosion and it is deteriorating and having redness and irritation in her eyes. This ozurdex injection is useless and not reliable. This destroyed our hope and life."
"Hydromorphone is the only medication that is effective in relieving my pain from nerve damage to my neck.  It has been my savior since 2005 after having AVR."
"I was in a severe car accident and needed a non narcotic pain medicine that was stronger than over the counter medicines until my bruised ribs healed.  I was given 60 tablets and for the first few days I took it every 4 to 6 hours.  I still have 1/2 the prescription and have not had to use it in about a month.  Tramadol helped with pain and allowed me to function at work and to sleep at night. I would recommend this medicine to everyone."
"An incredible birth control. Do not be turned off by people saying they bled or spotted for weeks or months - this is only because it must be started at a specific point in your cycle. It stopped my period for three months without any spotting until it was finally due. My only complaint is that the bleeding lasted a few days longer than usual, but that is it. I didn&#039;t even experience the horrible cramps I previously did. An excellent birth control I recommend for both regulating/stopping your period and as an actual birth control."
"Had these headaches since I was 11. In my 20&#039;s did every test scan etc... No explanation. Only help offered was a highly addictive narcotic. I chose to skip it. My life was severely affected- I had headaches when happy, sad, having fun, pms, special occasion, etc.... Everyone knew my headaches were 3+ days of barely functioning. Then my daughter started getting them- game changer for me. Could not let her suffer the same way. Dr prescribed Imitrex (generic). It works for both of us!! We feel like we can live without fear of the next one. She is out of the country for 6 weeks- without this she never could have gone! Our lives are totally different now!"
"My 9 yr old son started vyvanse two weeks ago (lowest dosage) and we saw positive results right away.  In addition to ADHD he has a writing disorder and will literally sit and stare at his paper for hours because he can&#039;t get his thoughts written out.  The first day he tried vyvanse he took it in the morning and then came home from school and without being asked he finished his book (25 pages) and then sat down and wrote a 2.5 page book report!  I have not noticed a change in his appetite and he has only experienced some minor sleep issues but it does not seem to really bother him.  Testing has shown my son to be highly intelligent but his grades do not reflect that - I finally have hope that he can reach his potential!"
"It alleviates my depression. But I have some headache, I am not sure if it is caused by the drug"
"I have suffered from Angina for the past 5 years.  Since I started Renexa there are days I go with no Angina symptoms. I have been on Renexa 500mg twice a day. When I do experience Angina symptoms they can last 1 to 2 days in a row and pretty strong symptoms. It can be very frustrating! My cardiologist has ran several test bloodwork, CT Angiogram, stress test, etc... He currently is just monitoring me and has me on Renexa, Metropolol 50 mg and 40 mg of simvastatin."
"Great experience, it&#039;s very convenient for someone who doesn&#039;t want the trouble of keeping up with the pill. Have had the shot in both bottom and arm and surprisingly had less pain in my arm. Slight gain weight (5-6 lbs) I feel hungry more often but I&#039;m working on controlling it. No period, no more buying tampons! Definitely recommend."
"I took the recommended dose and was extremely drowsy yet angry and restless. It was like I wanted to scream out of frustration but was too tired and edgy. "
"Was taking this along with 450mg of Lyrica a day and 150mg of Tramadol a day. Nothing helped with pain but I went into such a depression that I could no longer even go out into public. I slowly weened myself off of all of it. I have pain but at least I can go out into the public."
"Battled booze for 25 years and had some times of sobriety because always went back to quiet that craving - will power was not enough. After taking my first dose of Campral, I felt better than I had in years! The craving disappeared and the oppression in my head that kept telling me to take a shot also disappeared! I wish I had known about this drug years ago. The craving was a real thing and I discovered the years of drinking had actually altered the chemistry of my brain. Campral fixed that. I have been sober for 3 months with NO desire to drink. I will take this as long as needed. Original price was $220 a month but now down to $53 a month. The website goodRX.com gives the best prices - regardless of insurance. Miracle Drug! Highly recomm"
"I was prescribed this drug to take along with Relpax for my severe migraines, which are often accompanied by terrible nausea. Within an hour after taking it, I began feeling horribly anxious, afraid, panicked and with a sense of impending doom. I couldn&#039;t sit still, and yet I felt groggy. I felt like I wanted to crawl out of my skin and worried that I was losing my mind. Sleeping was impossible, yet being awake was miserable. I couldn&#039;t concentrate, couldn&#039;t work and distract myself. A doctor finally prescribed an anti-anxiety medication, Klonopin, which eased the symptoms. But I felt this way for over 48 hours."
"I had tried most everything for my diarrhea related to Crohn&#039;s disease.  It was starting to really affect my quality of life.  I could often not leave the house.  My gastro. dr. recommended this powder.  After the first dose, I noticed a difference.  I am now able to leave the house without wearing Depends!"
"Initially, I was thrilled with Remeron for treating my sleeplessness and restless nights. Then, I realized that I had gained considerable weight - like 15  pounds in one month due to insatiable eating. It wasn&#039;t worth it to me so I quit taking it. Still working on the pre-Remeron figure 2 months later."
"There&#039;s no question that Moviprep is effective in cleansing the bowel, my colonoscopy was very clear and the bowel well prepared. The moviprep certainly acted fast as it did not take long before I was running for the toilet.

However, I found it incredibly hard to drink all two litres in 4 hours, realistically it took me 11 hours starting at 1pm. The flavour was disgusting, by far the worst thing I have ever tasted in my life. I found it hard to swallow and hard to build myself up to taking another drink.

Highly recommend moviprep look at how this could be bound inside a jello that would allow it to be consumed and this hiding the tastes!!"
"I have several chronic back conditions, herniated disc, moderate spinal stenosis, degenerative disc disease and kyphosis.  I have been taking 5/325 mg Percocet 3-4 tabs daily for almost 2 years now.  It relieves probably 80 % of my pain and allows me to function.  Most of the itching, sweating, nausea, etc. disappears after about a month or so of use.  As most people noted, take the minimum strength needed to relieve your pain, and take only as directed.  At 61, I&#039;ll probably be on these the rest of my life, but at least I can function.  I have found Percocet to work better than even Morphine, at least in my case.  Highly recommended for chronic pain."
"My GP recommended Seasonique because I was anemic and experiencing very heavy blood flow each month.  In the year that I took this medication, I felt depressed and even suicidal at the beginning; gained weight as expected and had a hard time losing weight while on it.  At the end of the first 3 months, the flow was heavy for 8 days! I kept with it in spite of menstrual cramps, higher appetite, heavy bleeding when I had my period and really annoying mood swings.  After one year I decided to stop because it&#039;s easier to take iron supplements than take this pill.  With 2 children and at peri-menopause age, I wouldn&#039;t recommend this product to any woman at any stage of life.  Too unpredictable and not worth the unseen side effects."
"It feels like I am going to die. This is way worse that the YI itself. It eventually gets better after a few hours but holy hot balls it itches."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 7 months now. In the beginning I was worried from reading all the reviews that said how awful it is. For me my breast got bigger (which should be a plus). I didn&#039;t notice much about weight change from the pill. I started it near summer going into college and I may have gained 1 pound from eating junk food in the summer. As far as my acne I have always had clear skin. The pill didn&#039;t affect my acne or anything. The pill didn&#039;t lessen my period until like 2 months ago. It&#039;s a light period usually. Except I have more cramps and bloating than not being on the pill, which is odd. "
"Had my first injection today. No big deal at all. After reading all kinds of reviews I was anticipating a rough experience. In and out of the office in  20 minutes then off to work."
"Hi, I&#039;m from the UK. I have been taking  atomoxetine for roughly 5 months for my ADD which was diagnosed late. The medication had been ok. Recently it&#039;s impact on me has started to reduce. I feel that I am able to continue with tasks but am unable to apply focus on to the task. In other words I feel able to continue doing a thing but the quality of my effort seems diluted (beyond help). This is frustrating because I have to repeat things several times (such as reading things for my Masters degree). It has more or less ended other symptoms such as daydreaming, inability to continue at things, sleep problems, memory issues (though this to a smaller extent over time).I am going to get it changed though it works for some better than others."
"Have been on Topamax 100mg twice a day since July of this year. Once in the morning, once in the evening. Have been a chronic migraine sufferer for at least ten years. Having at least 8-10 migraines per month, lasting at least 24 hours at a time. Unable to leave dark room and often ending up in hospital. Dr started me off on 25 mg twice a day, gradually working me up to 100 mg twice a day. This is the best thing that has ever happened to me!! migraines are down to about 1 to two a month. I can actually live my life!!! Yes, I have lost about 30 pounds since July (almost 5 months) luckily, I had it to lose. But I feel like a new person! Memory was slightly foggy at first but body adjusted and I feel great!!"
"Didn&#039;t help my anxiety at all although it does have serotonin in it. However, did help me see reality a bit clearer and begin to feel good emotoons again. Sadly had to get off of it because it caused an allergic reaction after four days with hives and itching. Also made me feel foggy brained, shame after spending $87 on a months worth and having to quit after four days."
"Venlafaxine is great!  I have been on it for 3 years with good help for my depression and anxiety.  Sometimes it makes me a bit jumpy, but not often.  The hardest part is finding the right dose.  I am now of 250mg in 3 doses and it works great.  I need more in the winter and roughly 175mg in the spring and summer.  Can&#039;t say enough good things, I have a better outlook and interested in living life.  Hope this helps."
"As far as I can tell, I am allergic to every particle in the air. My nose is itchy and sniffly 24/7 regardless of season or location, with stronger attacks seemingly at random. When I get a cold, my nose closes entirely and I spend a week being completely miserable.

I&#039;ve never felt any noticeable improvement from antihistamines, and those can&#039;t generally be taken long-term anyway. I&#039;ve had doctors suggest regular nasal irrigation to rinse out the particles, but that only ever made me more sniffly. Got a prescription for Fluticasone a few months ago, and it was like magic. I could breathe more easily almost immediately, and it only got better from there. No side effects at all. I finally felt how I think normal people must feel."
"Omg!"
"I&#039;ve been on effexor for over 10 years now,it was good at first  before I took it I couldn&#039;t control my anger,but I&#039;ve had several bad years separation domestic violence and my children and I were homeless things with those matters are starting to get a little better now,but I&#039;m finding I&#039;m feeling so sad and down thoughts of suicide and I&#039;m good sometimes and other times I cry myself to sleep I really don&#039;t know if its working anymore I&#039;m currently on 75 mg"
"Two days ago I was getting out of my car . I slipped on the gravel, twisting and slipping the lower discs in my back. For two days I haven&#039;t been able to move without excruciating pain . I have been crying for two days I&#039;ve taken Advil, Tylenol, Motrin muscle relaxers. Just a few hours ago my friend cones over hands me two aleves and some warm water. Within 30minutes I&#039;m not lying the pain is gone. Thank you aleve, i promise to pass the word of your greatness."
"I&#039;m 20 years old, I&#039;ve been on Yasmin for 3 years, and have experienced horrible side effects. It&#039;s GREAT for acne, weight loss and actual birth control, but my mood swings are CRAZY. Before starting this pill, I was a very happy, positive person. After taking this pill I&#039;ve become crazy, anxious, depressed, upset and stressed out over the tiniest things (causing major fights with my boyfriend) at all points in my cycle. This is a MAJOR side effect and shouldn&#039;t be ignored, it has completely changed my personality and I won&#039;t be taking it again after this month is over."
"It helped me have a stroke faster while I was active and out going left me in a wheelchair with double the pain between my affected side and my back. NO good. Changed my life and my family lives also"
"Stops panic attacks dead in their tracks at a high enough dose, but even my prescribed dose is enough to calm things down after about 40 minutes so I can think. Doesn&#039;t help when I&#039;m manic/hypomanic, but has stopped me from doing more than a couple of silly things while depressed."
"I had 17 surgeries on hands,arms,elbows,and shoulders,11 on the right side the rest on left side, I have very chronic pain nerve damage on both hands elbows,arms and shoulders, I take 1 nucynta and 2 Roxicodone every 6 hour,the pain is about a 10 real bad and when I take this meds goes down to around 5 or 6,it helps a lot, I would recommend this, I&#039;m disable it help me to function wish it would help more but doesn&#039;t have to much side effects, I&#039;ve been taking them for a few years you get some nausea but take sofran for that, what I don&#039;t like is the government trying to tell us to cut down, I take 4 nucyntas and 6 Roxicodone a day,thats the most I can cut down to,because of my chronic pain,the people that are hurt are the ones that suffer."
"Well, I took this last night! While the itching has subsided. I have burning and continue to have burning. I would not recommend this product again. I wouldn&#039;t say it&#039;s unbearable but I&#039;m pretty uncomfortable.  It has not been a full 24 hours now but atleast 12 and I&#039;m still burning. Consider other options before using this product."
"I am on my second day of this dose. I had headaches, dizziness, severe cramping, bloating of stomach. If you are of the faint at heart I don&#039;t recommend this pill. It has been very hard on me. I am unsure of the overall permanent effects."
"It works but it&#039;s based on what is in your stomach. If I&#039;m stuffed and ate to much before bed, which can be hours before bed I need 3 mg. Some what full 2mg and if I ate small meals and I take it 2 hours before bed 1mg. Now if I take 1 or 2 mg on an empty stomach I might feel sick. I have gotten home before after work and very hungry and ordered pizza. Took 1 or 2 mg before ordering and felt sick before the pizza even got here. So I the mg&#039;s need is based on what&#039;s in your stomach. It works great but you can&#039;t get take what the Doctor says like 2mg&#039;s before bed because it changes.  Have the Doctor give you 90 tablets at 1mg and write take 1-3 per night as needed. We&#039;ll see if that helps and I feel your pain."
"I am taking this medication in combination with thorazine, I take the Remeron at night due to the sleepiness, the thorazine in the day and also in combination at night. I was not aware of the weight gain effects of the Remeron, but now I realize that both are causing weight gain. As far as the help with sleeplessness, this has been the only one that has helped."
"I am 36 years old and had a lot of chemotherapy.  Now I have extremely bad electrical pain in my feet mostly at night but during the day too. Was taking gabapentin but I got really sick not sure if it was because of that but my doctor took me off it and put me on Lyrica 50 mg 2xday but I only take one at night because it makes me dizzy. The one at night works great. The pain before was so bad that I was starting to not be able to drive but now I am fine."
"I&#039;ve had severe, reoccurring MDD for several years, aggravated by an eating disorder, self-harm, chronic insomnia, and compulsive behaviors. I&#039;ve bounced around the whole SSRI; you name it, tried it. My Wellbutrin/Brintellix combo wasn&#039;t sufficient. I was exhausted, napping 2-3 hours midday, eating disorder raging, couldn&#039;t get out of bed. No motivation, flatness, etc. I&#039;ve been taking 1mg Klonopin at 5:30p &amp; bedtime, and 10mg Ambien when I go to sleep for a decade. 

I did NOT like Abilify. It did nothing to give me more energy or motivation. I gained 20 pounds in one month on the med, with NO SYMPTOMATIC RELIEF. Stopped after 6 wks, and have only lost 10lbs in the 6 mo, even with exercise &amp; meal plan. Risperidol was no better. Crap drug!"
"Testosterone injections didn&#039;t work so started HCG."
"I have been on Ambien for about 8 months but I had started to become tolerant to it.  Sometimes I would take it and it would knock me out other times I can take it and still be wide awake until 4am.  My doctor recommended that I try Ambien CR but my insurance won&#039;t approve it until I&#039;ve tried Lunesta.  WHAT A WASTE OF TIME!!  It literally had no effect on me whatsoever.  Tylenol PM would have done a better job!  I followed the instructions to the tee, didn&#039;t eat a fatty meal and took it on an empty stomach.  Has anyone else had this result?  I need to switch back to Ambien!"
"I had mild anxiety and intermittent depression. I always pushed through and never thought of medicines. My girlfriend suggested I speak to a psych and I started Cymbalta. In 10 days I had no more intrusive thoughts talking me down, making me stressed, guilty. After 9 weeks, I&#039;m a new man. Small things don&#039;t worry me, I am patient and calm driving, I don&#039;t wake up for toilet then stay awake worrying, my relationship is closer, I&#039;m nicer to be with. Cons? My libido decreased and climax is harder to achieve (but more intense). The medicine felt strange (out-of-body) at first but I got used to that. I drink more water, I yawn in the afternoons, I grind my jaw a bit, get breathless, mild headaches some days. But my life is much better with this medicine."
"I have a history of anxiety and depression, and have been actively working toward losing weight, so I was fairly nervous about starting Lo Loestrin Fe. I had read many reviews here, and saw that others experienced many difficult side effects. My first night, I experienced a severe mood swing. As soon as I realized that I had no idea how I had gotten so upset, though, it became easier to shake off. I&#039;m one month in, and have experience some light breakthrough bleeding, and sometimes have a hard time shaking off sad thoughts. But overall, I&#039;ve been very pleased. No daily side effects, and I&#039;ve continued to lose weight. "
"Gained weight from the depo shot. Went from 110 to 173 in 9 months! I&#039;m 22 and only 5&#039;2 &amp; 1/2. I have done everything. Countless gym memberships, fad diets, personal trainers and programs like Weight Watcher and It Works. I went from 173 to 123 from tons of different methods over the course of a year and a half to two. Now, a few months ago the doctor put me back on Celexa. I went from 123 to 143 within a month and a half.. Not happy after all of my hard work. I&#039;ve already worked my butt off to lose weight, lost what I wanted to and then gained 20 back from another medication. My doctor understood my frustration and started me on Belviq August 1st. August 7th.. I am down 5.4 pounds!!! I walk 2 miles a night, only drink water. Love it!!!!!"
"The only times I have had the medicine is when I have had arterial surgeries and Dilaudid was administered by IV. As previous posts have stated, it goes into effect 30 - 60 seconds after administration, but with a slight heating effect in the injected vein. Soon after the blissful pain relief has occurred. I was able to intently listen to a book or watch TV: sleep was also easy if I wanted. This was only a 1mg dose, but surprisingly effective. It killed the pain while allowing one to be mentally alert (if desired), unlike morphine. I highly recommend this medicine for hospital pain relief, but for longer term pain relief, up to 6 hours, it was supplemented with 5 mg of Vicodin."
"I wake up several times during the night and cannot go back to sleep. I also take it for pain. With Aleve PM I still woke up but I was able to go back to sleep in a minimal time.  My pain, from a scale of 8  was down to a 2-3. I felt better up to 6  hours after I woke up."
"I started taking Qsymia in the end of November.  It&#039;s now nearing the end of May and I&#039;ve lost just shy of 40 lbs.  I&#039;ve been watching my diet and also incorporating moderate amounts of exercise.  I have hypothyroidism and was unable to lose weight using any other method alone.  This medication has been a life saver!  I no longer have to take blood pressure meds and will likely be stepping down the dosage of my thyroid meds soon due to lower body weight.  I still want to lose another 30-40 lbs. to be at a healthy weight.  My rate of weight loss has been steady...not too slow but not too rapid, either.  I can&#039;t say enough about it."
"I&#039;m a first time user for birth control and with everything I&#039;ve heard I was so frightened. I begun Lutera 3 weeks ago and I&#039;ve had no side effects, yay! I was really worried about all that was described would be side effects. My period was supposed to be coming around this week however it hasn&#039;t. But I&#039;ve read birth control can make you miss your period. And I&#039;m fine with that. Great experience so far!"
"I&#039;ve taken several antidepressants, and had restlessness with Abilify.

Now I&#039;m taking Wellbutrin and Rexulti (1mg) and I feel wonderful. I feel like my old self again. I&#039;m thirty years old and haven&#039;t felt this good since I was probably 19. Really good med. No side effects so far."
"Definitely works at treating the problem. I agree if not swallowed quickly horrible taste. I suffered migraines through my 5 day course (I&#039;m on day 4) and my body felt crappy but most of all I felt shattered even after a good nights sleep. I&#039;m glad I&#039;m on my last day tomorrow."
"I&#039;ve been on Topamax for about 2 months now. I&#039;ve went to having a migraine or headache of some sort everyday to 2 migraines in the past 2 months. The only thing I dont like about the medication is the severe tingling in my hands, feet, fingers, and lips."
"Got the nexplanon in March of 2015 after I had my son (my kids are 369 days apart so I wanted something good) but this has been awful! i have worn a pad for the past year straight. It goes from gross discharge to heavy heavy bleeding and blood clots. I have awful headaches, acne, weight gain, mood swings that are INSANE, I&#039;m rarely happy, always in a bad mood- so angry, NO sex drive- like don&#039;t touch or kiss me. My relationship is horrible, I feel so bad for my fiance. But even worse for my kids, I flip over ridiculous stuff and yell when I shouldn&#039;t. For some reason I thought to read the reviews and all these bad experiences are exactly what&#039;s been happening. DON&#039;T do it. I can&#039;t wait to get this thing cut out!!!"
"I was terrified of flying and my doctor prescribed me Ativan a day before my flight and 1 hour before my flight.  It works perfect for me.  Since then I don&#039;t have any panic/anxiety attack.  I enjoy every single trip I have now."
"I have been on the depo for 6 1/2 years. I love it! It works. AND No periods. No weight issues. No crazyness. About a week before I am due for my three month shot I will spot but it is no big deal. My doctor has recommended that I switch to a different birth control since I have been on this for so long and there is debate about bone mass being impacted after long term use. I am sad to switch honestly. I will be switching to mirena and am VERY nervous to try something different. I am only 22 so hopefully my body will adapt to mirena alright."
"Bad experience. Psych used it to &#039;augment&#039; mirtazapine. Wake feeling drugged and nauseous with headache, takes all day to feel able to function. Don&#039;t know if its the combo or just not right meds for me. He wants to try olanzapine next, I&#039;m very reluctant. Need a better Dr I think."
"In high school I took Loestrin 24 FE and never had any skin problems, my skin was always clear. I was switched to Lo Loestrin which has lower hormones and I guess it messed up all my hormones because I started breaking out in the worst cystic acne. A new pimple would come up every day. Now it is out of control and I&#039;m starting to develop dark spots (scarring) from the cystic acne. "
"I am now on day 7 taking Augmentin  for upper respiratory and sinus infection. Was so ill could not wait to start taking it. I feel a lot better but still not there yet. Still have dry cough at night and sinus problems. On 2nd day if taking developed diarrhea very dark and loose. Still have it but not as severe.   These are just inconveniences compared to how sick I was. Glad I&#039;m taking it"
"I am 26 and have tried many different types of oral birth control. The main reason I am on BCPs are for acne. Overall this pill is not bad I have been on it for about 3 months now and my face has cleared up from the last pill. minimal acne. My mood is stable no changes, the first 2 months I spotted for a week or two in between the middle of the active pills. Overall a lighter flow and no cramping. I have noticed my breast have been very tender. The major downside of this pill is that it has decreased my sex drive, vaginal dryness, and some painful sex. My boyfriend is not a fan of any of this nor am I.The main reason I am giving it a 7. switching next pack to low dose levonorgestrel."
"My Dr prescribed Belivq seven months ago and I took it for less than a week. I didn&#039;t give it a try. During a follow up visit we discussed weight loss/appetite suppressant options again and my Dr encouraged me to try start over. After an in depth chat I decided to give it a real try so I started again in 1/2016.  I am extremely pleased with the results! I have experienced zero side effects, which was my concern with not wanting to take the medicine when initially prescribed, a curbed appetite and noticeable weight loss. My health insurance doesn&#039;t cover this particular medicine but its my opinion that it is worth paying for out of pocket.  I have recommended Belviq and highly suggest people speak to their Dr about Belviq as an option."
"this is my second day of taking Armour.  I may have to get used to it.  I haven&#039;t slept well since I have taken it.  I feel very alert and not relaxed.  I am going to stick with it since it is more of a balance of t3 and t4, I hope.  I was getting no results from levothyroxine."
"I had sex during ovulation period. I was so paranoid I decided to take plan B. I took plan B like 30hrs later. Well let me tell you let this be your last resort. I received so many pregnancy symptoms throughout this whole ordeal I was freaking out so bad until my period came. I was so sick. Sore breast, headaches, fatigue, horrible cramping, and the worst diarrhea. I was depressed after taking this. The hormones are crazy and will have you going insane. Not everyone have same side effects though so maybe it will be different for you."
"Side effects, both of which will go away eventually:  dry mouth, nervousness and jitteriness.

The other &quot;side effects&quot; that many mention are actually more in line with symptoms of depression and anxiety. It&#039;s very hard to come off of Zoloft as you WILL get the &quot;electrical shock&quot; effect (if you&#039;ve ever weaned yourself off, you know what I mean). Also, coming off any anti-depressant may cause/allow some rebound anxiety and depression."
"Same as everyone else...very uncomfortable and hard to look at. Dr says many people go too far by continuing application of cream after 15 days. Stop. My dermatologist prescribed a steroid cream to relieve swelling and quicken the healing process.
San Diego born and raised and growing up without sunscreen, there is a lot of sun damage that will be gone. "
"Had high cholesterol started on crestor.Sense then my life a nightmare. Leg cramps, joint pain swelling, memory loss ,extreme fatigue and now they have diagnosed me with an unknown issue. All since crestor I am stopping ..never sick a day in my life..these medications will make us sicker. ."
"Got this medicine and was amazed at how I recovered.  I wasn&#039;t paranoid, was relaxed and loved life.  Until I kept taking it for a couple years and all the symptoms returned I now am withdrawing, which is a nightmare. "
"I&#039;m 22, one child. I got the IUD inserted I wanna say about 3 months ago. The surgery was just a quick pinch that gave u normal menstrual cramps during/ afterwards. Something any female can get over. I suffer from the wonderful thing of BV and that first month or so I was BV free prior to insertion, had a regular period with same symptoms but actually ended earlier and got slightly lighter. After my first period I didn&#039;t spot or anything. Had nipple soreness, oily skin, acne, headaches that next month thought I was pregnant but ended up having a late period I&#039;ve been bleeding every since(about a full month) and now I&#039;m just waiting for another full period to come. Trying to wait out first 6 months before I decide to get it removed"
"Chantix is a miracle (at least for me). More than two packs a day for 30+ years, and I quit smoking on Day 11. I&#039;m now five weeks quit, and will never, ever, take even a puff again. I&#039;m done, healthy and happy."
"It is the only thing that works for my chronic otitis externa. My only complaint is the $200.00 price increase. Yes, last summer I could purchase it for $36.00, at this time I must pay $228.00 for a 10 ml bottle."
"This medication does nothing for me. I still can&#039;t concentrate or remember much. I am taking 60mg(12ml) daily. I have read a lot of positive reviews for Dexedrine and will be asking for it."
"I&#039;ve been on Abilify for almost two months.  I got up to 15mg, but have taken myself down to 5mg due to several reasons.  First, I noticed rapid weight gain which surprised me, since I&#039;m very active.  Also, it made me physically very tired but restless at the same time. Going jogging felt like torture, since my limbs felt so heavy. I tried to stop taking it but experienced extreme sleepiness which is usually a sign a depressive episode is coming on.  I think it&#039;s evened out my sleeping, but I wake up pretty early on it. I take it at night now.  I&#039;m undecided whether it&#039;s worth taking, since I think my Depakote is doing a better job of stabilizing my moods, and it&#039;s cheaper."
"I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder at 16. I was put on Xanax and Lexapro 20mg. After getting married and the birth of my second child we moved from NJ to FL. I was off Lexapro with both pregnancies. I moved 2 FL AT 25 WITH A 19 MONTH OLD AND 8 WEEK OLD! Post partum depression hit me hard. I went to a MD and requested Lexapro 20mg and Xanax 3mg/day. I have tried many many many other SSRIs due to cost of Lexapro. They all made me feel MORE nutty even Celexa, Lexapros &quot;brother&quot;. I ALWAYS wind up back on Lexapro. This is a miracle for me! I feel calmer within 24 hours and I can&#039;t make myself anxious if I tried. I sleep sound and am happy and a better mother. I love Lexapro and despite the price and 10lb weight gain. I&#039;m 5&#039;9 n 140 lbs."
"I have taken many SSRI&#039;s, none were all that great. Fluvoxamine helped my OCD some. So my prescribing psychologist put me on amitriptyline. It really works for me. Helps me sleep some, and I&#039;m not having the chronic depression and low mood. Sometimes the oldies are the best."
"Tired almost everything under the sun, cheap/expensive, and this is the only thing that worked for me!"
"I love this pill. After unprotected sex, the next morning I called Walmart&#039;s pharmacy to ask if they had any Plan B One Step in stock she said they did so I went down there and bought it. I took it exactly 9 hours afterwards."
"I developed severe lower back nerve pain which became almost intolerable and severely limited range of motion could barely walk. I was prescribed Tylenol 3, 2 tablets every 4 hours; the first day it worked great but then next day I was vomiting and became severely constipated, doctor switched me to Celebrex which did little for the pain. Trying the Tylenol with stool softener, drinking more water hoping I don&#039;t get nauseated."
"I have just started the patch birth control and I love it. I can not swallow pills to the best of my abilities unfortunately so that would never work for me. I was on Depo for a year and experienced heavy cramping and bleeding the entire time. The patch seems to be working okay so far, I am experiencing nausea and migraines but I just hope it passes soon as this is my first week on the patch itself. I really hope this birth control works because I do not like any of the other birth control options out there and I am hoping that the side effects go away soon."
"I started this med 3 DAYS AGO!!!! I haven&#039;t shaved since. Chin and upper lip are still smooth. I was shaving daily. I was thinking surely this isn&#039;t working that quickly. For me, so far it&#039;s working! Life changing indeed!"
"This medication appears to have no side effects at all on me.  I get 100mg of the long lasting injection every month.  You don&#039;t feel anything.  No different except a bit sleepy after the injection.  It is a far cry from risperidone.  It is early days yet as I have been on it 3 months now but overall I would say my thoughts are slightly clearer. Weight gain minimal."
"I also take it for nerve pain and restless leg syndrome and I would not take anything else. A week after starting this my restless legs symptoms stopped and my anxiety has all but gone, after a year and a half on it."
"On week 3 10mg terrible debilitating headaches everyday, eye pain, vision blurry, mood swings (quick and aggressive!), zero motivation, although the crying has lessened.
Anyone else getting these side effects? Any suggestions time of day to take?This is my last hope I&#039;ve tried all other meds.  My last 2 years have been so painful with sadness. If this doesn&#039;t work MD recommend ECT..."
"Because of this medicine, my hearing is damaged... Perhaps permanently is what the consensus is. Never use."
"Been dealing with motion sick type issues for years. Meclizine does not work, regardless of the dosage- even if taken at the first onset of symptoms. It has been totally useless for me. In fact, the only thing that does work is Diphenhydramine.  Dramamine is NOT the same. It may have Diphenhydramine in it but they combine it with chlorotheophylline to reduce the sedative effects. It must alter the entire chemistry of it or something. They rename the active ingredient Dimenhydrinate, much less effective than Diphenhydramine or Benedryl... 
Anyways, I gave the Meclizine two stars because I never notice any adverse effects from it despite being very sensitive to medications...  I know some people it works for, just not me."
"I had my third injection 30 days ago. I find the improvement to my knee to be ongoing. Kind of a two steps forward one step back situation. I can now go up stairs almost normally. I no longer limp as I walk and the knee is relatively pain free. I have hopes that I will be able to play raquet ball again sometime in the future."
"One 60mg tablet made me so sick. I threw up all day. When I wasn&#039;t throwing up, I was sleeping. "
"I have severe depression and am Bi-polar. I have been on almost every drug out there. Doctor put me on Viibryd and have been taking it for about 3 weeks and it has worked great for me. I was having suicidal thoughts every day for nearly a year. Now that I am on Viibryd they have gone away. It&#039;s a great relief! The diarrhea and insomnia are minor side effects and cost are minor compared to the benefits. All I can say is it works great for me."
"I was a heavy drinker for 35 years. I relapsed 2 years ago after more than 12 years of sobriety. My doctor gave me Campral. I was amazed, I had no desire for a drink, ZERO desire. I did have severe diarrhea, the drug was doing so well that I tried to tough it out, hoping my body would adjust. It didn&#039;t and reluctantly I was forced to stop. after 2 weeks without a drink I started again. Just got Naltrexone today. I hope it works as well without the side effects."
"Have suffered with uric acid kidney stones for years, approximately every 4-5 months. Pain usually bad enough to go to ER.  Today I had an attack and decided to take some Flomax. The ER usually sends me home with a prescription but have never been given Flomax at hospital.
AMAZINGLY, within an Hour and a half I passed the stone!  This has never happened so quickly as it usually does not pass till the next day!  Next time I have an attack (and unfortunately there will be a next time) I am reaching for Flomax right away.  Still cannot believe this happened."
"Okay, so the condom broke while I was having sex with my boyfriend and we didn&#039;t figure it out until he pulled out.  But anyways, I took the pill within 30 minutes of it happening and I had no side effects whatsoever and my period came on time."
"my 8 year old DAUGHTER is on ritalin at the moment we find she is getting migrane headaches, she hast lost 3kgs due to lack of appetite and she is very emotonal coming off it and she doesnt sleep much. On the other side of things she has shown a large improvement at school with her concerntration going from the bottom of the class to the top of the class in just 3 months"
"I recently was diagnosed with ADHD and was started on 20 mg. The first day  I took it I felt great! I was energized and motivated. I did have trouble sleeping but that ended after the first week. I will warn you about the side effects because those hit me pretty hard. I had headaches daily, fast heart rate, dizziness, and blurry vision. That lasted about 2 weeks and eventually passed although I still had the fast heart rate. It decreased my appetite because I was no longer snacking and was getting full a lot faster. After about 3 weeks I noticed that the &quot;good feeling&quot; was gone and I felt a crash throughout the day like I had no energy.  My doctor just prescribed me 30mg and I&#039;m on day 3."
"I just started taking Tegretol on June 3 for mood stability. Also prescribed Celexa on same day. I also take Methadone 10mg 4x a day for chronic pain management for last 10 yrs. I love how it makes me feel and it&#039;s very hard for me to get angry BUT, it interferes with the methadone.  At first nothing except feeling drunk for the first 4-5 days. Then it started. Withdrawal symptoms, increased pain, restlessness, insomnia, fatigue and nausea. Not sure if I can continue treatment but will find out on June 24 after my doctors appointment. Also taking meloxicam. Will let everyone know my results Friday afternoon."
"Hey all I have been on the Evra patch for two months and am loving it. I have had breast tenderness and slight acne, no weight gain and light period with slight cramping usually have terrible cramping on my period. Hopefully it will stay light and regular. I also hate the lint stuck around the edges, it&#039;s horrible but a small price to pay. I suppose I too alternate the patch on my pelvis and have no problems with it falling off. I put the first one on my lower back but my pants kept dragging at it and it did fall off."
"I was prescribed Gabapentin for horrible, 24/7 MS pain, 300 mg 3x a day at first. It did nothing for the pain, and I spent the entire month I was on it feeling like I was drunk or on a bad 60s type acid trip; I dizzy, staggering, confused, nauseated. My doctor said to give medications a fair chance to work and the side effects should only last a week or so. She increased the dose to 600mg 3x a day when I got no relief from the pain. After a month I couldn&#039;t stand the awful side effects any more and was still in pain so I just quit taking it."
"love it"
"I have been on some strength of acetaminophe.n and hydrocodone for the past three years.  I have seen 2 different pain specialist and took an MRI and unfortunately found out that I have desiccated (artritric) discs in my lower back and bulging disks as well with mild neural encroachment.   I am a 36 year old man.   The only way I can see that I got these very painful back injuries is from working food service for a number of years.   Like 7 full years.  This medication does work wonders for pain but has to really be taken with caution as it is a Schedule II narcotic.   I recommend trying other pills first before settling on this one."
"I was 46 when I first started taking Loestrin 24, primarily because my periods were becoming heavier, more irratic, and with more cramping, basically premenopausal symptoms.  I&#039;ve been taking it for about 4 years now, and I have to say this really took care of all of those issues and as long as I take it every day at about the same time I have no troubles. If I do get offtrack, worst case is a minor yeast infection for a week or so. I totally appreciate the fact that I now have almost no period - just spotting for about 3 days. It also mellowed out my PMS mood swings.  My only gripe is cost as my insurance isn&#039;t covering it..  I totally recommend Loestrin 24 FE"
"The other reviewer is well versed on the intended  This, review is based on my experience with tramadol, which is not controlled in Mexico, where I reside. I moved across the border US to Mex to withdraw from heroine and begin anew. I panicked when withdrawal became reality and tried to get a few doctors to prescribe any opiate pill to no avail. The cab driver took me to a &quot;special&quot; pharmacy where I spent a fortune on a tramadol 100mg bottle. I was so hopeful that my agony would subside. Nada. Nothing. Waste. Garbage. Never again. I must have taken 10-12 pills over six hours. They didn&#039;t mellow me out, the withdrawal steadily got worse over the disappointing six hours as anticipated."
"It works, very well in fact, but I am getting really annoying side effects. Dry mouth, stomach pains, on the first day I take it, after it completely gets out of my system, I usually get headaches. I also barely eat, instead of eating about 3 steaks, I can only eat half a steak. Most peoples&#039; side effects aren&#039;t as bad as mine, though."
"My 9yr old son has been on it Metadate 20mg for over a year now. Only side effect is lost of appetite so I make him eat a big breakfast. He only takes it on the week days for school it has really helped him to focus. My sons grade improved from 60&#039;s to 90&#039;s. I like Metadate because by the time he&#039;s out from school the medication has warn off and he&#039;s back to his normal active self. During the summer I also give him a break from the med and we do not have to tapper off in order for him to stop. We&#039;ve tried other medications that which had not so good side effects. Metadate so far is the best."
"Had a good BM within 2 hrs after taking 145 mcg on empty stomach. First semi normal BM in over 6 months! Not  straining or blood. I plan on taking it only on days I want to have a BM due to  negative reviews about weight gain, diarrhea, and other negative information"
"Have been taking this since having my son 13 months ago. No side effects, easy to use. Love it! Great contraceptive to use while breastfeeding!"
"I got mirena inserted on Dec. 8th, 2014. At my 6 week postpartum checkup. 
I started bleeding immediately and consistently until March 23rd.(and I mean every single day for over 3 months) 
As of today, I still have a period every single month, it hasn&#039;t gotten any lighter at all. My pms is worse. I get bad acne, which was never a problem before.  The strings make my boyfriend uncomfortable during intercourse (after having them shortened TWICE already). Heavy spotting in between periods, cramps all month long. 
My Dr. Assures me that it will get better, and they don&#039;t want me to have it removed. But honestly, I feel worse off now than when I got it."
"I have been on Belviq for 7 days. The first few days were not good I was super dizzy and I felt like I was drugged well I guess I was. I went 5 days and was seriously thinking about giving up but I had read that the side effects would get better and sinse I had the free trial for 2 weeks I wanted to keep trying. I didnt lose anything either and still felt hungry. Finally the 6 day I didnt feel hungry and finally lost 1 lb. This morning down another 2 making that 3 lbs in 6 days. Well Im willing to finish the 2 weeks before I decide. Im not as dizzy the 6th and 7 th day it has gotten a little better. All I can say is Im thankful for only one side effect so far and I finally dropped 3 lbs and I noticed on day 5, 6 and 7 Im not as hungry."
"Took metformin to no effect for six years. In six weeks Prandin has dropped me into the 90s, something I thought I would never see.  Doctor admits being surprised by the results and has taken me off insulin pen. Overall results are remarkable.  Supposed to take three 0.5 mg but usually just take two, three knocks me down to where I have to eat ice cream. That&#039;s not so bad though, just unexpected."
"I got my Implanon inserted when I was 18. It&#039;s been a little over a year with it and I&#039;d say the only side effect I have is mood swings and bad back pains, it&#039;s everyday. Also I haven&#039;t really had periods and when I do it&#039;s usually spotting and last for four to five days most of the time it doesn&#039;t show. Eating wise I&#039;d say I do get hungry a lot but I&#039;ve always been that way no weight gain. When I got it first inserted I actually lost weight. Me and my boyfriend have been together since I&#039;ve put it on and sex drive is still the same if not better. I guess the birth control just depends on your body because my sister also got it but she got it shortly taken out because she would have periods for weeks. I&#039;d recommend it."
"Bottom line: Didn&#039;t work for me. I had wanted to try this a few years back but it was too expensive even with insurance. I went to (yet another) derm to see if he had any new suggestions for my redness and he Rx&#039;d this. He gave me a sample and info for a company he uses, IRMAT, that will guarantee cost of $80 if your insurance will not cover. I used the sample, which only lasted 3 days, and thought perhaps it was working so I filled the Rx. After about 7 days, my redness was worse AND I broke out, which I don&#039;t normally do. I had to stop using it and go back to my MetroGel but the redness will not subside and the breakouts won&#039;t go away either. So back to the derm I go...."
"I found Lunesta effective if I didn&#039;t eat anything for about 3 hours before taking it. Ambien scared the crap out of me. I had a seizure because I ran out. Don&#039;t get hooked on Ambien it&#039;s terrifying."
"I started taking Victoza on October 30, 2016 weighing 221lb &amp; by January 20, 2017 I had lost 29lb. I take the dosage 3.0, have changed my eating habits slightly (less fried foods), &amp; I don&#039;t exercise. I&#039;ve had no adverse side effects, I just stay full longer &amp; no longer crave sweets. My only complaint is that it&#039;s so expensive even with insurance."
"This drug was very helpful and relieved the pain less than 4 hours after taking it. I highly recommend this drug for easing pain when you urinate."
"I have been using Symbicort for 8 months now. It has been a life changer for me. I was using my rescue inhaler at least 4 times a day previous to being put on Symbicort. I have only had to use it twice since starting on it. The only side effect I have had is that past few months I have been woken up every night by very bad cramps in my feet and my calves.  "
"I was diagnosed Feb. 2016. My viral load at that time was 14 million. My insurance company made me wait 6 months before they approved it. I started taking it in Nov 2016 and my 4 week viral test was less than 15 copies per deciliter. I took it the whole 12 weeks and at the end my viral load was undetectable. I just had my 3 month test and still undetectable. I only took it a night before I went to bed. No side affects at all"
"When I first tried it, my migraine was being relieved in about 30 minutes. Ten years later it takes about 11/2 hours. Previously, my headache pain lasted about 16 hours. Nothing over the counter ever worked. No unusual short term or long term side affects. Can make me a little drowsy sometimes."
"I have been using the Mirena for almost 5 years. Before starting it, I had problems with low iron due to heavy bleeding. At one point, my ferritin level was 4. With the use of iron supplements I got it up to 30. After using the Mirena for a few years, my ferritin is now over 80. I have almost no bleeding--usually I menstruate around every 34-35 days, but it&#039;s so light I don&#039;t need any liners. I had very little discomfort with the insertion. I will be getting a second one inserted in December. After that, I may be through menopause, since I am now 46. It&#039;s great. I highly recommend it."
"I have been on Viberzi for 4 full days now. so far, the drug has been just OK for me. the first 2 days i had zero BMs but I was gassy and the 3rd day I went 4x in an hour, my normal bad morning. the 4th day I felt great all day, no BM though. This morning, day 5, I have had multiple bowel movements before taking my morning dose. It seems for me that my evening dose does not last me well into the morning, and I may just have to move the time i take it from 7 or 8 pm to later in the day. Right now my results are really mixed. I&#039;m not fixed at all, but over the course of 5 days I&#039;ve had more bearable days than I used to. Hoping continued use is better."
"I had my last seizure 6 years ago. I take Tegretol and Topamax 100."
"I did not like this birth control and i&#039;m switching after I complete this pack. I experienced constant nausea at the beginning of each pack and randomly throughout the pack. I would wake up in the middle of the night with a horrible feeling that I was gonna throw up. (I also have a sensitive stomach) I thought my body was still getting use to the hormones but I continued for more than 3 months and nothing&#039;s changed. I would get horrible mood swings a couple hours before and after I took the pill. I&#039;ve gained weight on it and the worst of all I spot every month at the beginning of the second week. It sometimes lasted for up to 7 days. My period is very light only 2 days but I didnt want that, it&#039;s made me paranoid every month."
"Where to start with this drug ? I refer to it as &quot;The Devil&#039;s drug&quot;  it was horrible could not function, swelling of my hands and legs and feet. My cognitive thinking was non existent , voice slurred sounded drunk .Could not function at all and could not get off this stuff fast enough. Just listen to the commercial on TV and all the side effects they throw in at the end.
I would never take this again."
"This drug has not helped relieve pressure,  headaches or Visual Impairments in my case. My vision continues to go in and out without notice, waking up everyday with a headache and continue to have one well into the late evening before bedtime. The side effects are awful!  I have lost 29lbs in THREE weeks! I am unable to hold anything down, everything tastes nasty or like I&#039;m eating pennies. Constant fatigue and restlessness. The prickling in the hands and toes, not to mention the constant nausea. Every case is different. It&#039;s not working for me but could for someone else. I cannot tell anyone to NOT take a drug or TO take a drug for IIH. Because every case is different, everyone will see different results."
"I was on Topamax for almost 3 years, was prescribed it for severe migraines. The weight loss was a side effect, a nice one though! I didn&#039;t need to lose much to begin with, maybe 20lbs or so, and I started to notice that I went from the 140&#039;s to the 120&#039;s. I am now off this medicine as I have been migraine free for almost two years and the only bad thing I can say is that the weight comes right back on if you&#039;re not watching very carefully. Also - HUGE side effect was the medicine caused my body to not sweat, which caused severe overheating. It&#039;s a less common side effect, but a very super important one to be aware of."
"Allergic reaction to Anaprox, this is poison I do not understand how the FDA approved this medication that almost kill me. I do not recommend it because of the dangerous side effects and should be taken out of the market. IT IS POISON AND I ONLY TOOK ONE 559 MG IN THE GENERIC FORM ( NAPROXEN )"
"The ring is the best birth control I have used. I had the pills but it was so hard to remember to take and I had the Patch. I gained a lot of weight being on the Patch but when I was on the Ring, I was able to lose the weight and stay the same weight. It actually made my periods lighter and I barely have cramps. The only thing I have negative to say is I have constant discharge and it does not feel like a regular period. But I prefer the light bleeding then the harsh periods I use to have. I highly recommend but the Ring is not for everyone."
"I wanted to write this review because I read many negative reviews and do not want people to think birth control is a horrible thing. Everyone&#039;s body is different so the reactions to the pill will be different- it is not a one size fits all type of deal. Additionally, it is best to stay on birth control for at least 3 months before switching over. Some people only stay on it for a month or two before switching because they are not happy with the side effects but do not realize they disappear over time. I&#039;ve only been on the pill for over a month but overall I am very satisfied with the results. I did experience back pain, breakouts, breast tenderness, and headaches but it went away.  My period is shorter and cramps are way less painful."
"Had severe back and leg pain for 5 years before a tumor that had pinched my spinal cord was discovered on the left side of C5/6.  I was taking 45mg before the surgery and 90 mg (am now gradually lowering the dose).  Works pretty well but it really slows down the bowel motion so have to take a stool softener with it."
"I originally got in the Mirena because I had a fibroid in my uterus and after my fibroid was removed I got the Mirena placed. I have unexpected cramps when I&#039;m not even supposed to be cramping. My Cycles are a lot lighter but I still have one every month or I may have random light bleeding. And I now experience a foul odor."
"I started Belviq on 10/10/2015 I was at 183 lbs, when I weighed in the following Saturday 10/17/2015 I weighed 176 , I very happy ! The next week I weighed in and I actually gained 2 lbs I was 178, today I weighed myself and I was back at 176, hopefully Saturday 10/31 I will weigh less. I get very thirsty so I drink a lot of water, the first week I worked out 3 times a week , just basic walk, run, walk jog etc. I started that again.  The 2nd day I had a migraine, but I was also taking other meds for my cough, the 3rd day I was ok, no migraine just a slight headache. Right now the only thing I do feel is tiredness.Overall it&#039;s very good, I used to drink a large coffee every morning, now I take a few sips and lucky if I even drink half of it"
"I started taking Viibryd approximately three months ago. It started out rough, lots of side effects, terrible nightmares every night, electric shocks, visual disturbances, nausea and diarrhea, among others.  I continued with the medicine because I have been on well over 15-20 others over the years.  To my surprise after the symptoms alleviated I felt much better, a lot less depressed and generally less hopeless. This lasted only about a month and a half, my body has become tolerant to the medication like every other and now I am in a deeper depression than usual, so I am going back to Wellbutrin."
"I pass chronic kidney stones and have had numerous stones removed via surgery. A few times my kidneys have shut down via urine back pumping from obstructing stones. In this case a shot of Dilaudid every 15 minutes kept me laughing and giggling with the nurses. Amazing stuff.  For my day to day pain from stones and stone related damage to my urinary tract Dilaudid is really the only medicine which is proven to help time and time again. I&#039;ve been on every pain medicine it seems over the years and while Demerol is a close second, Dilaudid is what keeps me productive at work.  I&#039;m on 8mg but cut them in half as needed. "
"I started Effexor XR about a year ago. Within a month I developed an excessive sweating condition, which my family, friends, and others noticed and commented on. Many of my new blouses got discolored sweat stains on the neck, which would not be removed by pre-treating or washing. I could no longer exercise without having a major debilitating sweat, which would take at least 20 minutes to recover from.  I started Cymbalta yesterday, and tonight I was able to walk for 1/2 hour with my husband, with only normal sweat."
"I have lived with Ankylosing Spondylitis since I was 14 (49 now).  Did okay with NSAIDS until about 10 years ago when it began to really get bad.  Started Humira 2 years ago.  It took about 4 months to really help my back.  Unfortunately lately it seems to be losing it&#039;s effectiveness.  Hopefully this is just a blip in treatment."
"Dramatic reduction in hot flushes achieved taking 1300mg Evening Primrose Oil daily and almost eliminating dairy products from diet."
"I took Cantrave for five months under a physician monitored program.  After three months there were no noticeable effects of the drug.   I started to regain the weight for two months while on the drug.  I went off the drug and five months later I am back where I started and several hundred dollars out of pocket.  My physician told me it was good for long-term use, but that did not prove the case for me.  It was not effective after ninety days."
"I have only been taking this birth control for 3 weeks now. I used to take Cryselle, which I was on for 2 years, and never experienced any problems with it besides weight gain, which was around 20 pounds. I have been off of Cryselle for a year now, but about 2 and a half months ago, I got in to a new relationship, so I decided to get back on the pill. I went to planned parenthood where they prescribed me Orsythia, and the doctor mentioned to me that spotting, nausea, &amp; feeling &quot;funny&quot; were the most common side effects. Let me say that my pill was not covered by my health insurance so I had to throw a fit at my insurance company, CVS, and the doctor. Orsythia costs me $27 a month. Anyways, about a week and a half after &quot;rapid starting&quot; the pill on a Friday, I began to notice I was grinding and clenching my teeth. I put put this off, until I started to realize I was so anxiety-ridden that I couldn&#039;t sleep, eat, and I felt as of I was almost in a dream-like state. Not to mention, I do have manic-depressive disorder, and it is clearly stated that Orsythia can worsen symptoms in mentally ill patients. Other than the extremely severe anxiety, the pill itself is not so bad. My first period only lasted about two &amp; a half days, I had no cramping at all and I usually cramp before.&amp; during my period, I also had unprotected sex &#039;exactly&#039; 7 days after beginning the pill, so it&#039;s safe to say that it does the job at preventing pregnancy, it&#039;s just the side effects that make it so horrible."
"I have suffered with severe IBS symptoms for 25 years. It became really debilitating. I decided to have a colonoscopy and gastroscopy to make sure there was no other underlying problem. I was diagnosed with IBS. The doctor prescribed 1 librax in the morning and 1 librex and 1 Trepiline at night. He also prescribed VSL#3 which is a probiotic. This doctor saved my life. Since taking this medication, my IBS flare ups and symptoms are becoming a thing of the past, as long as I also watch what I eat."
"I HATE hormonal BC. I tried at least 20  since having period issues in High School.  

After having my one and only, I had my IUD put in.  My doc had put in hundreds, no insertion issues.
Things went well the first year; I had some string scared but promptly had an ultrasound to check and make sure the IUD was in place.

I&#039;ve had it over 4 years now.  I&#039;ve had several cysts on one ovary that grow to the size of grapefruits before rupturing; something I had never experienced before.  This came with very long, very heavy periods.

No pregnancy scared but have had to start taking a 2 month cycle of hormonal BC for the first time in over a decade to try and correct the issue. I tried to wait it out and it&#039;s only gotten worse.

4 days in. Oh boy."
"I just started week 3 taking 2 pills in the AM. So far, I&#039;ve been one of the lucky ones.  I&#039;ve had absolutely no side effects.  I don&#039;t think about food 24/7 like before.  Also I&#039;m not binging at night like before.  Junk food just doesn&#039;t have the appeal it once did. I do get hungry but fill up much quicker now.  I&#039;ve lost 7 pounds in the first 2 weeks."
"I won&#039;t lie, I&#039;m an emotional person by nature but before my period I am so horribly depressed and miserable all the time. But at the same time, knowing it&#039;s only because of my BC and not because my mental illness is actually getting worse  makes it worth it. It&#039;s just for the week before. My last partner of almost two years finished in me nearly every time and I never had issues, never had a worry. It has regulated my period. I know exactly when to expect it thanks to my Period App (flower icon). My acne is better. I lost weight initially then my breasts got bigger. I won&#039;t lie, I&#039;ve been thinking about switching only because I&#039;m interested in other brands,and I&#039;d only switch for the PMS symptoms. Started at 18. 5&#039;0, 120 lbs."
"Awesome medicine, changed my life! Love Love Love it!"
"While I&#039;m still in the middle of treatment--I&#039;m using the 7 day dose, since my doctor thought a milder approach would be best; currently on day 5-I am pretty much in love with this medication.

I have suffered from chronic yeast infections for years.  I don&#039;t know why no one has tried this for me before.  Granted, I have also just started taking acidophilus, but the effect was so immediate that I think it was the terconazole.  For the first time in ages, I have NO ITCHING AND NO PAIN.  It&#039;s amazing.  Unless it all comes back later or I have some crazy side effects, I would DEFINITELY recommend this medicine.
I haven&#039;t had any itching or burning from the cream so far."
"It&#039;s a wonder drug it has taken my voices away and seeing things away. My paranoia is still there but alot better. My moods are under control as well"
"While using this med. I opened the top turned it sprayed while inhaling and it would not stop spraying almost choking me and taking my breath away I dropped it on the table and it continued spraying for about a minute. I called the company and after being transferred and 15 mins. later they were of no help whatsoever. I told the last girl I spoke their product sucks, it is obvious these people don&#039;t care what happens to anyone using their product. I will also be contacting FDA."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for 11 days now, starting the 1st pill in the pack the first day my period started (Sunday). I&#039;ve now had my period a full 11 days and it&#039;s starting to get really annoying. My sex drive has decreased a bit, I have vaginal itching, burning and redness, and I find myself becoming frequently dizzy. My breasts have become extra sensitive and seem much fuller than normal, my acne/ clearing of face seems the same as before taking the pill, but my mood swings have been the worst. One moment I want to cry, the next moment I&#039;m cheerful and happy towards everyone. "
"Just started Lyrica for extreme pain in my thoracic spine after a workplace injury causing a muscular ligamentous tear of my medial scapula. I tried every sort of pain medication available with absolutely no relief. My Dr. prescribed Lyrica for me a few days ago and about 4 hours after the first dose I noticed a change in my level of pain. Had massive side effects though such as vertigo, dizziness, light headed, blurred vision, etc. I did have a fever though from an unrelated condition so I&#039;m not sure whether it is related to the Lyrica. I have continued taking this medication with the hope that the side effects ease and the pain remains minimal. I&#039;m worried about weight gain that others are talking about. I&#039;ve just lost 25kg, don&#039;t want it back."
"I&#039;m 19 and I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was 15. I started out with the pill, then depo, now nexplanon! The pill made me feel horrible I wouldn&#039;t recommend that to my worst enemy. Depo was good because I didn&#039;t have a period but I gain soooo much weight. Nexplanon made me lose a few lbs but I didn&#039;t gain any which was good. I also do not have a cycle on nexplanon. I sort of miss it(don&#039;t ask why lol) I&#039;m in my 2 1/2 mark with nexplanon and I&#039;m only getting it taken out so I can have my cycle, I just feel clogged up without a period. I would most definitely recommend Nexplanon to anyone!"
"My doctor initially had me taking Loestrin just like a regular pill, to help keep my horrendously painful periods a little shorter and more predictable. However, with endometriosis, even a 4 day period was too much for me. I would be doubled over in pain. It hurt to walk around, sit and forget about even doing anything else. It got to the point I was so terrified of getting my period that I had to do something. So my doctor decided to keep me on Loestrin, but told me to skip the placebo pills and just keep taking the pills continuously. Pro: I have not had a period in months and I am so thankful. Cons: my breasts are constantly heavy and sore, and my nipples sometimes hurt to touch. Small price to pay for endometriosis relief, though."
"I am in college and finally started to get help for my depression and anxiety. My counsellor sent me right to the health center when I told her my symptoms because they were both so bad. I was severely depressed, suicidal, and had severe anxiety. They put me on lexapro for the quick results. I took it the next morning and was taken to the hospital by ambulance in the middle of class because of a severe anxiety attack. I had never had one before and it was terrifying. I do not blame this medicine but don&#039;t be afraid of something that may take longer. Lexapro just didn&#039;t work for me. I now take Zoloft and have no problems. Just be cautious."
"Have had panic attacks off and on for 37 yrs. and this is the BEST of all the benzo family  for relief!! IT WORKS !!!"
"I&#039;ve been diagnosed Bipolar II 3 years ago. My depressed periods were much longer than manic ones. My psychiatrist and I tried many medications without success for bipolar depression. In April, he suggested to try Latuda. I was hesitant because we already tried so many medications... but I decided to try. After a week, my depressed symptoms were almost gone. No suicidal thoughts anymore. I was feeling good and was able to determine if my bad feelings were related to my life conditions or to my bipolar condition. I noticed a decreased libido which is my only side effect. This medicine doesn&#039;t reduce my anxiety which is still very high."
"I have been taking this drug for the past 8 years, and it has absolutely changed my life. I developed IBS-D and lactose intolerance after a horrible ovarian cyst that burst. My anxiety was through the roof and I was afraid to leave my apartment. This drug keeps my symptoms in check! I take 2.5mg a day (half a pill). I take a full dose if I have a bad day, but try to keep it to a minimum since it does cause dry mouth. Only downside is that this drug is expensive, $50 a month for me. Insurance companies want you to take cheaper alternatives, none of which worked for me like this one does."
"I had a bad injury to my neck and back due to a head on collision with a double decker bus for years I was in severe pain I was on gabapentin-morphine then along came fentanyl patches I started on 25 over 72 hours then 50, then 125 over 48 hours I could not believe the difference just a dull ache I could put up with the hot and cold flushes and slow running heart"
"I started this journey April 11th 2016 today is April 24th I&#039;m down 13lbs. The first day was the hardest vomit and nause very sleepy. The next day symptoms gone I&#039;m on 2.4 dose and it&#039;s going well the only thing I experience is constipation but then again I&#039;m not eating like I use to, I have to force myself to eat the only thing I can handle is yogurt. I drink a lot of water that helps with the dry mouth. But overall I love the results can&#039;t wait till my next appointment to check blood pressure and cholesterol levels"
"So I&#039;m 18, and have been on prescribed fentanyl from 12.5 mcg and now am up to 100mcg p/hour. I haven&#039;t had a BM in WEEKS, and was just about ready to go to the ER When I discovered I had the dulcolax suppository in a drawer. My goodness, let me tell you that it gave me the only relief I&#039;ve had since this started. About 3 weeks ago. No stomach cramps like from pills, just slight back pain until the rock hard stool had been completely eradicated. If your in an opiod constipated person, even if you find it a little degrading, USE THE SUPPOSITORIES. You can avoid all the cramps and associated symptoms until its finally time to pass, though your bum WILL hurt afterwards if you passed a grapefruit like myself. Hope it helped! Don&#039;t judge!"
"I used Hypercare in the past, but stopped using it. I decided to use it again yesterday because I have been sweating a ton. Well, last night it was itchy and burning my armpits. I didn&#039;t sweat today though! I just put it on about 15 minutes ago and the burning and itching is much worse. It hurts so badly. I am only using this until I can get to the dermatologist to get something that won&#039;t hurt so much. "
"I have tried a few triptans; (Zomig, Maxalt, Imitrex, Axert) and had the best results with Axert 12.5mg.  I also use a toradol nasal spray in conjunction with the triptan.  I suffer from chronic migraines (15-18/month).

I am able to function and not miss any work with Axert.  I am an IT executive and do not find I have any diminished capacity with Axert.

I am currently waiting for coverage approval to start botox (200 units) for my migraines which will hopefully eliminate my headaches.  Fingers crossed!"
"I was prescribed this medication when I suffered a severe anxiety attack. I had mild attacks before, but I honestly thought I would die that day. 
I took one pill and it knocked me out for 12 hours! I was sitting in class a week later and I felt another anxiety attack coming on so, remembering what happened with the last pill, I bit the pill in half and took the smaller piece. It knocked me out for 8 hours!!! Good thing I didn&#039;t have to work that day! I have never taken anything for my anxiety previously but I wanted to get my attacks under control. I discovered meditation works best! If you have never tried it...find a local class and sit through it!! I promise it will help you find the peace you are seeking!!"
"I quit smoking 3 years ago after smoking 2 packs a day for 40 plus years. The first week I smoked as I usually do. At the beginning of the second week I through away all my lighters, ashtrays and all the cigarates I had left over. I haven&#039;t had any kind of smoke since."
"I started using Drysol about 9 years ago and it has been amazing! I was sweating in my hands, feet, and armpits and now it has gotten to the point were I can apply it twice a month and I can last a long time without sweating. I am so glad I found it.  I would recommended for everyone.  If it doesn&#039;t work for you the first time keep trying it. It might eventually start working."
"Love this product. I&#039;ve used Mucinex before for cough congestion and I didn&#039;t feel that worked at all for me, but Mucinex D has already offered me much relief from my sinus infection. I couldn&#039;t breath through my nose at all and within 3 1/2 hours I feel better and can breathe. I took this with 2 Exedrin back and body for the severe tender/nose pain and feel relieved and comfortable. Still tired (no insomnia here; 600/600mg dosage) and ready to finally get some sleep."
"I started taking Sprintec October 2016, this was my first time on birth control so I did not know what to expect. The first few months were normal as if I wasn&#039;t on anything. However, I did start gaining weight and my periods started coming later than they were suppose to. I started feeling down a lot more often and it totally killed my sex drive which sucks because that is why I started taking it BUT it did do its job so I can&#039;t really complain."
"Prostate removed - huge 350 cc- Gleason 7, PSA 15, radiation for 8 weeks, Lupron every 3 months for one year, every 6 months for the next year and a half. PSA has been less than 0.01 since initial radiation. Weakness, memory problems and hot flashes but no cancer. Treatment is worth the side effects. I feel very lucky. "
"This medication was an answer to prayer. I suffered with chronic diarrhea for over a year and had tried Imodium, dietary changes, and anything else I could think of to stop it. I eventually had a colonoscopy and biopsies taken showed collagenous colitis, a form of microscopic colitis. ONE day on this med stopped my diarrhea. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects whatsoever."
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring for about 3 months. It is by the far my favorite form of birth control. I was on some form of the pill for the 5 years prior to this year and I had all sorts of problems with them. I love the convenience of Nuvaring and only having to remember it once a month. I was concerned about how Nuvaring would affect my tendency to acne and am pleasantly surprised that it is working the same as most pills and I have not had a problem with acne. There are a couple down sides to it though, no sex drive and tendency to gain weight. I am able to deal with the weight gain and adjust my lifestyle to where it is not a problem. However the decrease in sex drive is quite irritating for both my husband and myself."
"I have not had a single bad experience thus far with Mirena. 

I had it inserted about 10 months ago right after work. The whole &quot;procedure,&quot; start to finish, took about 15 minutes, and was only slightly painful. It was done by a nurse practitioner, who was reportedly more experienced than any of the other physicians at the practice. Another ten minutes to catch my breath and I rode my motorcycle home with no issues. I am in my early 20s and have never given birth.

My periods immediately lightened up until they became virtually non-existent. Very little cramping, easily taken care of by ibuprofen. I can still maintain my intense work-out schedule, lifting, cardio, abs, stretching included, with no fear of dislodging."
"Terrible rash, headaches, body aches, profuse sweating and nausea."
"well it seems to help so much it scares me. the thing is been to the ER alot of times no answers.once they did find i have small hiatel hernia. My gastro Dr put me on this it seems to help keep me out of the ER. I am thankful for this, and pray it continues with my other meds to help. till i have my surgery.It makes me tired but thats all."
"I started Nucynta the first time and was on a low dose of 25mg of Zoloft. Had been taking hydrocodone 10mg for several years. The reason for Zoloft was for minor depression that the hydrocodone causes. The first two pills I had of Nucynta caused insomnia and weird dreams and a bit of anxiety. Also, I had shivering and so hot I felt I was burning up. Even though my Rheumatologist/pain specialist suggested I give it 5 days, I did not. Well, a couple of weeks later I am trying it again. So far, so good. My pain level is better but not yet all gone. I did have to take a hydrocodone early in the morning as I started having withdrawal symptoms from not taking it. I was told I would not. Glad for Nucynta. I have neuropathy, fibromyalgia, 2 kinds of arthritis."
"Absolutely hate this pill. Was on nuvaring but co-pay was going up to 65bucks a month and I couldn&#039;t afford that! This pill makes me moody and little things bother me that shouldn&#039;t. I have no sex drive, breasts are tender and don&#039;t want to be touch. Unfortunately I have to wait out the month before switching to another pill. Definitely not a fan of this birth control."
"I am a young and small person who was in search for a medication to control my depression but mostly my anxiety and OCD tendencies. I had tried Lexapro before also mixed with Buspar but it never seemed to fully do the trick; it felt like I was taking a pill and not getting much from it. Prozac has caused maybe a 5 lb fluctuation in my weight and it did decrease my sex drive for about the first 6 to 8 months but I feel that is just the amount of time necessary to get used to the new drug. This has been the only effective solution to my illness."
"I was on Zoloft for 8 years and my doctor first tried to ween me off that and put me on Effexor.  It was miserable.  I am sure some of it was related to the withdrawal from Zoloft, but I was eventually able to transition to Lexapro without the same problems.  This medicine made me extremely nauseous.  I had a horrible headache and was so depressed my family cried from being around me."
"I&#039;ve had epiduo for around 3 days already and only by using it once a night I have already seen significant changes in my acne. Before I got this I tryed so many different face washes and this is the only one that had a positive reaction"
"I have been on every antidepressant in the book except the MAO inhibitors for  the past 20 years.  In the past year every antidepressant in the class SSRI OR SNRI has given me diarrhea and I quit taking all of them.  I am now on trazodone 225 mg which is partially helpful for insomnia and depression.  I am also taking neurontin 300 mg. 3 times per day for pain which isn&#039;t helping but it does help my mood.  I also am taking an old drug vistaril 50-100 mg. per night.  No one pill will help me sleep. I take Lunesta 3 mg. which helps most of the time.  My insurance won&#039;t pay the full amount because it is expensive.  Heaven help me when I get on Medicare because it will force me to take generics and their isn&#039;t one of Lunesta yet.  I tapered off"
"Cleared up the eczema sores &amp; eliminated the itching within 2 weeks....unfortunately , the condition started to reappear a few days after I stopped using it. After a 2 week break, my Dr. wants me to try another course of it."
"This was prescribed in the maximum daily dose, 15mg, had some effect in reducing swelling and inflammation in my foot, but caused severe bloodshot eyes! I stopped taking it and Tylenol did just as good a job on my condition and no more bloodshot eyes!! Incompetent Dr.!!"
"I started using this the first day of my period . it seem to work good. But then it started getting sticky around by the 4 day it completely fell off in the shower and I had to put a new one. The part where the patch use to be was extremely itchy and there was a rash/bumps (no I did not shave my butt) or spot where I placed the patch. This time I placed the patch in the front and its extremely itchy . no mood swings no headaches no cramps shorter periods I love it but it doesnt stick good and it itches. He came inside me hopefully it worked and I didn&#039;t get pregnant have to wait and see. I have previously tried the pill and I broke out like crazy and sex drive went down and I was really moody."
"Was given this drug following severe bronchitis due to chronic dental inflammations.  By day 3, I realized my left ankle was painful and hobbled.  
I read the black box warnings and immediately discontinued the drug, however, that ankle and then the other one got progressively worse.  I was barely making it to work and back, trying to do eldercare solo, and thinking I was going to be crippled for life 6 months later.  Was seriously looking into joining class action lawsuit and probably should have, but no energy left over.  Think megadoses of magnesium and supplements plus some homeopathics like Thuja finally tipped the balance, and I gradually was able to walk normally without pain again.  Used Oil of Oregano to clear the infections."
"My son only started Strattera this week.  The first day his stomach was upset.  Then we started taking it at night.  It was mush better.  I dont know if it is going to work but he says that he is feeling better already."
"I&#039;ve had my Paragard for a little over two months. I have three children, all vaginally delivered so insertion was not painful.  So far, no pregnancy so it&#039;s doing the job.  However, I have noticed feeling very fatigued since about a week after I got it, as well as periods that have gone from 5 days before Paragard to 11 to 12 days after. The side effects are not unbearable but they are certainty noticeable and impact my lifestyle."
"My mom told me to try this to help my infection. I had no problem putting it in, it was just like a tampon. Everything was fine for the first hour maybe 2 hours but suddenly it has become so uncomfortably painful and itchy. I don&#039;t know how to make it stop!! :( I hope it ends up being worth this. (honestly the yeast infection wasn&#039;t this bad)"
"I&#039;ve struggled with my weight for years, I am a total binge eater at night. My doctor first brought up Victoza and I was really hesitant to take it (the whole injection thing scared me), but honestly it&#039;s not bad at all! You just have to pinch your skin wherever you&#039;re administering the medication and you won&#039;t feel anything. The needle used is I think a 38g which is SUPER small. No bruising or anything around the site of injection. 

This is my second week on it, and I&#039;ve already lost 5lbs. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects, I did get a little nauseous the first two days but it wasn&#039;t anything that was so horrible I couldn&#039;t continue. I don&#039;t have any problems binge eating, it&#039;s great! I hope to see more results in the next few weeks!"
"United Health care does not cover this, as of March 10, 2016 :("
"i have had dizzy spells everyday for the past few years. my mom thought it was my eyes getting worse so i got new proscription and that did not help. i went to the doctor and they put me on this medicine. it worked for two days and then my dizziness just worse."
"I took this pill 13 hrs after unprotected sex on Nov 1, 2 days after my period ended. He pulled out, but took it just in case. 8 days later I had a very short period. For weeks after that, I had what felt like little cramps that came and went, but never a period. I was moody, hormonal, and stressed because I worried that what I had earlier was just heavy implantation bleeding. I took 4 at home pregnancy tests and they were all negative, went to the doc and had a test done - negative also. 7 stressful weeks later, my 2nd period came, with a vengeance. I will be getting on birth control as well as always using condoms! The stress and the crazy effects aren&#039;t something I want to go thru again! But, not pregnant!!!"
"No doctor had been able to diagnose my condition. As a result, I was prescribed 10mg of Valium 3x daily as a crutch indefinitely. At first, I was dim-witted and happy and got SOME relief, but after about a year, I started to become increasingly apathetic, dim-witted, started to have problems with light sensitivity and focus, become uninterested in socializing, and have a personality shift from the funny, charming guy, to a depressed robot with anger spasms, who takes risks just to feel some sense of being alive. After 2.5 years, the physical relief has all but stopped, and an any case I cannot have a life taking this. I am in the process of tapering off of it."
"I am a 47 yr old female. I had my third positive colonoscopy and endoscopy experience with Propofol yesterday. It is an amazing drug! I had no burning as it was administered and I slept through both procedures with no memory of pain or waking up. 20 min in recovery and I was able to go home with my driver. I was groggy at home and slept about 5 hours and then I woke up rested and feeling normal again."
"I am coming up to 1 year taking Saxenda. I am down 40 lbs., started at 250lb, 210 today. I want to reach 180lb, which is my goal. The doctor wants me to wean myself off of the drug because I should have learned how to eat by now. The plan going forward is portion control on all meals, stay away from the bad foods and join a gym because I can lose the weight but now I have to build up the upper body.  The Saxenda taught me how to eat one plate of food instead of three or four but now I have to swim without the life jacket!
Very best to everyone! :)"
"My first cold in a while and very disappointed to find Drixoral has been &quot;discontinued.&quot;  Please bring it back.  It&#039;s the only thing that works without putting me to sleep."
"I started using acyclovir, 2 months ago. I had 9 separate mouth and tongue ulcers, and anal herpes at that time. Presently, I have no anal issues. But, I have two ulcers that just won&#039;t go away completely. What I believe to be hsv2 colitis, that was diagnosed as plain ulcerative colitis has improved, after having an acute flare up that has lasted several months."
"I mistakenly bought the prefilled applicator, usually I buy the 7 day cream but after realizing my purchase mistake I figured why not go ahead and use it. I had a YI that was in the beginning stages,  after I used the prefilled applicator my vag was on fire and super itchy! I literally felt like someone got a funnel, put gasoline and cayenne pepper in my vag and lit a match.  My tolerance for pain and discomfort is super high. Anyways, it did get rid of my YI for sure after that night of torture. The pain lasted 3-4 hours. I won&#039;t buy this product again unless if my YI is super severe."
"I use to have panic attacks everyday for three years. I was scared to go to sleep. I&#039;ve tried so many antidepressant and effexor was the only thing that worked with little to no side effects. My Dr. started me on 75mg, then increased it two wks later to 100mg. I&#039;ve been on 100mg for almost a yr and I still haven&#039;t had a panic attack or anxiety."
"I have been on this pill for 5 months now. This is my very first type of birth control pill, so I really don&#039;t have anything to compare it to, but so far so good. I take it at night time (10 pm) and have never had any major issues. Before starting the pill I read a lot of horrible reviews and it scared me a bit, but I decided to try it for myself and I&#039;m glad I did. The only negative thing I have to say is that my period lasts much longer. Before getting on the pill, my periods lasted 3-4 days. Now, I noticed they are very light, but lasts 10-12 days. But I will give it more time so see if this changes."
"This medication is a miracle if you have extreme anxiety and panic attacks. I&#039;ve been on it close to 10 years and have never changed my dose. If you don&#039;t overuse it and only take it when you can&#039;t take the anxiety anymore then you should be fine. Within about a half hour I&#039;m feeling much better and my anxiety is at bay."
"I love this stuff.  Found it about 10 yrs ago.  It is the only cough medicine that i will take.  And it tastes good!"
"I absolutely would NOT recommend. After I took this Med, my nose was so stuffed up I could not breathe through it. I do have anxiety and this med  took it through the roof!!! NOT a fun experience!!!"
"Best medicine ever for migraines."
"Recently, I found myself to strain more and more to poo in the morning. Then one morning, I couldn&#039;t go at all. As I know that my body doesn&#039;t handle missing a bowel movement well, I started looking up remedies. I decided to start with the most gentle so I started with Colace and lots of fibre and water. I still couldn&#039;t go the following day and it was getting pretty uncomfortable so I saw a Dr and she told me to use PEG. I rushed to the drug store and took 17g at noon. Soon afterwards, my cramping got worse and worse to the point where I had to lie down to get relief. The following day, I woke up and had 17g of PEG and soon after the cramping was so bad that I was thinking of going to the ER. Two hours later, a nice bowel movement happened."
"20 months ago strained lower back doing commercial door contract in addition to world training for a swimming comp, slight strain combined with underwater dolphin sprints with fins on wouldn&#039;t allow my damaged/strained lower back muscles to heal, inturn they became more and more tense and sore until spasms began and finally a massive spasm floored me.
Doc gave me a course of 6 Diazepam, I think 5mg, 1 every evening so as not to feel drowsy during the day. These combined with a stop to my training and the spasms stopped almost that day and allowed my back to heal.
Due to work back on them, I&#039;m confident they will work but I do find after four days or so that of an evening they make me feel euphoric. This drug helps me to function pain free"
"My doctor recommended this for my pre-menopausal symptoms as well as anxiety.  At first I was thrilled with the results but about 3 months into it I realized the insomnia was not worth it.  I have sleep apnea so this medication was not a good choice for me. My doctor increased the ambien dose and that wrecked havoc with my system.  I have stopped taking both and hope to feel better soon."
"I am a teenage girl, and was told to go on the depo after my mother found out that I have been having sex with my boyfriend. I&#039;ve been on it since I was 15, and I never even had to worry. I haven&#039;t gotten my period since then, and I have only gained 10 pounds. Slight irritability, Increase in my breast size by two cups. Keep in mind that the weight you gain is all body fat. I have an ample amount of stretch marks on my legs especially. If you do not care about the weight gain, this birth control is definitely for you."
"I had an ileostomy 34 years ago, whilst in my 20s, for severe Ulcerative Colitis. After many obstructions I had been left with short bowel syndrome. Two years ago I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s disease after fistulas started leaking faeces through my skin. After a 6 hour surgery I was put on Humira. After a year I came out of remission and was put on Humira weekly. Despite that I am now bleeding internally. I have only 4 foot of bowel left and have just finished 60 day diet without food. I have nowhere to go as my surgeon said further surgery isn&#039;t an option. Humira has extended my life by slowing the disease I&#039;m sure. Every day is a blessing and I&#039;m so much better than 2 years ago. I still have time to enjoy life with my family. I&#039;m grateful"
"Alright guys! If you are thinking about starting the use of Trazodone for your insomnia, Go ahead and take it without a second thought. 
Definitely changed my life a 100 times better. I was having mild insomnia, but it then progressed to severe insomnia and I had to break the loop. Natural supplements don&#039;t do the trick when your body is used to sleeping so less. 
Take Trazodone and slowly wean off when your body starts sleeping better.
And yeah, no side effects (1st week was bad headaches and grogginess but they go away). 
"
"Posted nearly a year ago about how I was going which was good at the time. Having been on them for 12 months I thought I could do an update. Has been really good for me. I suffer all the severe physical symptoms that come with anxiety and citalopram keeps them in check. I do notice if I forget to take my dose (20mg) for more then 2-3 days my anxiety flares up again. I still have the occasional off day but its never been anywhere near my pre medication days. Happy with the low dose. I really recommend exercise and eating well if you suffer anxiety. 
You can&#039;t make a judgement on only a weeks worth or less of taking this drug. I see lots of people posting 1 star after a day on it. You need at least 4-6 weeks to see changes."
"I started on 50mg but am now up to 75mg and even with that I sometimes still wake up. It was a good medicine at first.  Then I have found my body getting used to it, I could nearly go to work for a day after 50mg.  

I am guessing soon I will be on 100 or 125mg.  Wait and see."
"I have used this medicine for motion sickness and it is great."
"Paroxetine has really helped me. It has served me really well for some years now and I have not experienced any serious side effects even though I have quit the drug a couple of times for some months. I had panic attacks and was depressed and anxious. After I had taken paroxetine for some weeks everything changed. From being stuck with worry,anxiety and depression on and off for several years, one morning, all of a sudden I felt joy and life became so much easier to live. I find it so odd that this drug seems to work in so many different ways for different people. For some it seems to create hell, and yet for me I&acute;m inclined  to say the opposite. It may not have created heaven but at least it has given me my good life back!"
"I have been on Belviq for 9 days now and have lost 7 lbs.  The first day I had a severe headache and some dizziness.  I only took one pill that day.  My headache and dizziness went away once the pill wore off.  Started again the next day and no headache so I kept going and took the two pills that day.  I have had no side effects since that first day.  It does curb my appetite and I haven&#039;t been hungry.  I am using my fitbit and the MyFitnessPal app to keep up with my exercise, calories and water intake.  I need to lose around 65 pounds.   Belviq costs me $75 a month, I got the discount coupon from my doctor.
Update...One Month 15 pounds down.  No problems at all, it&#039;s working for me."
"Only side effect for Provigil was a headache for the first week.  Much more effective medication, better result and fewer side effects."
"I have been on Wellbutrin XL for a little over a year, and it has dramatically improved my quality of life. I have struggled with depression for almost my entire life, and only recently sought out treatment, and WOW, what a difference! Wellbutrin didn&#039;t cause any weight gain - if anything I lost some weight - and it didn&#039;t decrease my sex drive. It took about a month for it to kick in, but it was well worth it."
"The Prolia is helping with my bone density.  I am allergic to Actinol, Boniva, Envista etc.  I have taken my third shot three weeks ago.  I have experienced blisters between my toes, the bottom of my feet peeling off, rash, small pinpoint red dots on my skin, a cough, stomach discomfort, bleeding sores on my face and my cholesterol has gone up the the highest point of my life!  I have also gained 10 pounds that are almost impossible to lose.  I&#039;ll see what my cholesterol level is in another 6 months.  I believe it should be down by then."
"I have  Bipolar Disorder, PTSD, Anxiety, OCD.  I Started taking 300 mg once at night, gradually went up to 1200 mg before my psychiatrist took me off of it. I&#039;ve taken other mood stabilizers as well as antidepressants and antipsychotics with none really having a noticeable effect. It helped to mellow me out some, but during and after stressful life changes and traumatic events that occurred, my anxiety, mania, paranoia, anger, irritability, brain fog, etc. was full blown. My depression and brain fog always lingered throughout the whole time I took it as well. I did not want to risk upping my dosage due to the possible toxicity. I was starting to feel extremely nauseous after taking it even though I always took it with plenty of food and drank plenty of water."
"I never breakout ever ( only when i was a teen)
I always got compliments for my skin and this has made me breakout, i been getting lots of leg cramps too and spotting all over my cycle. Emotionaly im the about the same. Ive never taken birth control and i think from my experience on this is not worth it."
"This is my first attempt at a depression medication.  I am a 42 year old male, married with 3 kids a full time job and run two businesses.  My main issue is slight depression but more stress and agitation with kids along with some anxiety.  It has been 6 days that I have been on 10mgs and I am very pleased (mostly).  By day 2 I noticed I was not as easily agitated and less stressful, a wonderful thing!  However there are 2 side effects that I am noticing, restless legs syndrome and insomnia.  The two are enough that I did not take my pill this morning, hoping to get some sleep tonight. "
"I took Ella one 42 hours after having unprotected sex with my boyfriend, and have heard Ella is still very effective,  I have also took levonile before around 6 months before this mishap and everything was fine with that no nasty side effects in fact none at all, but Ella one is a different story, I have felt very ill for about a week of taking it! Day one after taking it I started bleeding which lasted for only four days this wasn&#039;t a problem, but the pill has made me feel so weak still do this day my whole body aches I have had constant severe floods of nausea and I&#039;m constantly tired and my belly has been cramping as hell, I do regret taking the pill after the way I feel, and wish I got levonelle on the time frame needed."
"I&#039;ve been dealing with Irritable Bowel Syndrome for about 7 or 8 years now, with the severity increasing greatly about three years ago. I lost my job after a year because I missed so many days due to flare-ups where I couldn&#039;t move. My flare-ups got so bad that I was vomiting blood from the pain, and on more than one occasion, had to go to the ER for morphine simply to take the edge off the pain after hours of throwing up blood. Bentyl is the only medicine to this day to help in any way, shape, or form. I started out taking one pill during flare-ups which would help in about 15 minutes. Now, depending on the severity of my flare up, I take two to three pills &amp; it takes about 30-45 minutes to become effective. "
"I have an active pilonidal cyst. For those not familiar with this condition, it is extremely painful. It involves a massive infection. I have been treated with Augmentin XR for 11 days so far. After about 8 days, I could feel a noticeable improvement. It works great, however, it is rather rough on your digestive system."
"I&#039;ve only had this in for a couple weeks, but so far it seems to be a huge success! The only thing I don&#039;t like about it is how itchy it has been, but it&#039;s getting better. I&#039;ve also noticed a bit of weight loss (not complaining) and my period, which I just got yesterday, has been very light. I haven&#039;t had any spotting or irregular bleeding. Overall, I think I&#039;ve finally found a form of contraception that isn&#039;t a constant hassle."
"My 11 yr old daughter had a sinus infection and was prescribed 300mg 2 times a day. Within an hr of the first dose she became VERY ill. Turned Pamela white and eyes dialled as if she were going to pass out. I called the dr immediately and they said the effects would pass. We discontinued immediately and was prescribed a different antibiotic and she was fine. This drug is horrible and can&#039;t believe it&#039;s still being used."
"I have had migraines for the last 10 or so years, as well as insomnia. Flexeril has done wonders to alleviate both of these issues."
"I&#039;ve been on the drug for about 10 months.  Lost 46 lbs.  I find that it no longer supresses my appetite.  In talks with my doctor we have decided to come off the drug for 2 months.  See how my weight is and go from there.  Not sure if/when I start to take it again it will again supress my appetite.  Time will tell.  I exercise regularly - 5 to 6 times a week.  I had absolutely no side effects.  6 months in doctor did all the blood work tests.  He was extremely pleased with the results.

Good luck"
"I had the Mirena put in because I was going to be living outside of the U.S and was worried about taking prescription drugs that are not regulated. I am 23 and have NOT had children. I got to a P.A for my gynecology visits and mine recommended it. I asked a lot of questions and did a lot of research. Many sites claim that the procedure is extremely painful, but I really believe it depends on each person&#039;s pain tolerance. I wouldn&#039;t go to have a Mirena put in everyday, but the pain was very minimal in my opinion. Also, a lot of women complain of getting a ton of acne, cramping, hair loss and other side effects. So far I have no complaints and am loving it. I would suggest to take Advil or ibuprophen before the procedure for cramps. Good luck."
"This medication is prescribed 10/350mg up to 4 times per day - or as needed.  I normally take it 3 times per day.  It is the only medication that has not caused stomach bleeding problems as aspirin did; has not caused liver damage as Tylenol did; and has not caused kidney necrosis/nephritis as Advil did."
"I have been taking TriPrevifem for about 7 months now and no complaints whatsoever. After the second month of taking Tri-Previfem my period has definitely done a 360* and regulates monthly now. I haven&#039;t felt on edge and I have lost weight as well as going down a cup size on my breasts. It&#039;s a great pill, but know the tablet can vary in side effects depending what your body can handle. FYI: definitely research on your own as well as talking with your primary doctor!"
"I started using Epiduo at the end of January and it is now the end of April and my skin has improved so much! I suffered from a lot of clogged pores and black heads that would turn into the pimples with the gross pus. It was severe or anything like that, but having clogged pores on my cheeks was just a nightmare and makeup always made them look obvious. 

My skin now has only 2-3 black heads that are going away on their own. My skin never purged all at once where my skin looked worse. It was really gradual. The clogged pores went away or they sometimes came up, but never all at once so totally manageable.My advice with this stuff is to 1. Give it time. You definitely need to give it 3 months to do its thing and 2. moisturize!"
"I had been feeling some general depression and anxiety for 6-8 months. Nothing specific, just everything seemed to pile up. I felt like I couldn&#039;t get the negative thoughts out of my head. Dr prescribed 10mg Lexapro, I got the generic escitalopram. Day 1, I felt like the anxiety was dissipating, but I did have bad nausea and loss of appetite for 12 days. On the 12th day, I woke up, anxiety is gone, nausea is gone, and I am hungry for the first time in a while. I am hopeful that this isn&#039;t just a &#039;good day&#039;, but that the side effects are finally gone. First 12 days were rough. Stick with the meds, always keep something in your stomach, even if it&#039;s just a cracker, and good luck! For me, plain apple sauce, Canada dry ginger ale were helpful."
"I have been treated for major depression all of my adult life. Over the years I have taken many different drugs for depression. Zoloft works best of all I have tried so far. It took about 2 weeks to really start feeling the difference so be patient."
"I started Siliq 6 months ago at 90 % body coverage of plaque psoriasis. I cannot thank my derm enough for recommending this medication. For the first time in 20 years I can wear a dress!! After the first 3 months of usage I had less than 30 percent dryness on my skin. Highly recommended, you wont be disappointed."
"My doctor prescribed me with a 90 day supply of terbinafine for my toenail fungus. He said it was a lot cheaper than Lamisil but was basically the same product. Terbinafine is just the generic brand. It has been almost 7 months and my toenails look great. Big toes are at about 85% clear and all others are cured. I regret not taking it sooner because I missed out on so much hiding my toenails for years. I did not have any side effects at all and got blood tests to check my liver every month. Just do it... you wont be sorry and you will be left wondering why you did not take action sooner."
"Very helpful to me. It made me stop the rage outburst of anger and depressive outbreaks and crying spells and controls my eating habits. Now I eat healthy and eat to live not what&#039;s eating me."
"I was on Lexapro, Effexor and Cymbalta to treat my depression. All of these meds affect sexual drive and cause a gain weight (20-30 pounds). I also had a hair loss on Lexapro, muscle pain on Effexor. My doctor gave me Wellbutrin brand samples for 2 weeks-150mg a day. Wow, I started to feel a difference on the second day, my mood was excellent, I had a lot of energy, I could feel a joy from little things. The only side effects were: constipation and no appetite at all. "
"I&#039;m 25 years old. I have never taken Any form of BC before. Well except condoms lol. Any ways.. I have always had irregular periods. I would skip a month or sometimes 2. I was always tired and would just get in a funk. Well the past 2 month&#039;s I have had 4 periods 2 weeks apart and they would last up to 8 or 9 days. Had tinder breast for almost the same amount of time.. Sometimes they hurt so bad I wanted to cry. I had enough... I went to my doctor and he prescribed me these.. Been on them for 2 weeks. I have been in a better mood and have more energy. I did wake up with a little cramping this morning and I had a little spot of blood in my undies but I&#039;m fine now. Oh and my breasts stopped hurting... Yay thank the Lord."
"The Maxalt-MLT self-dissolving tab worked wonders for me.  At a time when my doctor was trying to determine the most-effective treatment form my migraine headaches, this medicine was a God-send.  My doc gave me samples of various triptan meds and I was to try one out at the onset of every migraine.  Of the 5-6 different samples I was given, Maxalt-MLT worked the fastest &amp; had the least amount of side-effects. I was amazed. Unfortunately, my insurance would not cover it and I had to settle with sumatriptan. Sumatriptan worked, but it took about an hour and I just remember feeling really weird after taking it. Anyway, if/when my migraines start again- Maxalt is what I want."
"I just started tenuate 25mg today.
I am hopeful that it will work for me since I have had no luck with a few other medicines.
I&#039;m a little concerned that I might experience some scary side effects. I&#039;m frustrated because I&#039;ve been doing 60 minutes of cardio 4 times a week, eat low gylcemic, and haven&#039;t lost any weight in over a month.
If this medication doesn&#039;t work, then I will soon be out of options."
"Personally, I do not think paragard is the right form of contraception for me! I had the IUD placed on August 8th and literally bled NON STOP  until September 7th. And then I started my period AGAIN on September 25th, and the bleeding is even worse this time. I&#039;ve been wearing the largest size tampons you can buy, and still have to change them EVERY HOUR or else I leak through. I&#039;ve been wearing a pad every night with the ultra size tampons and still have to get up and change both once during the night! The cramps are horrendous and my sex drive is nearly non existent... I&#039;ve been feeling extremely weak, light headed and very fatigued! Will be having my IUD removed asap."
"I was put on Abilify a month ago. I have always been manic/ depressive. I suffered post traumatic stress in Iraq in 2007. {I said NOTHING and am still serving as a National Guardsman}. I work law enforcement during the week. I USED to sleep all day on my first day off, it was a struggle to do ANYTHING on my second day off. Since I have been on Abilify my life has done a 180 degree turn. I feel so much better. I get up and face the world every morning at 6-8 am. I feel like a new person."
"I was 21 when I got Implanon inserted. I wanted an easy to remember contraceptive that was not placed in my uterus, that kind of freaks me out. Simple straight forward insertion, few days of bruising. I had it inserted after my baby turned 8 weeks. I hadn&#039;t had my period yet, and after the insertion, continued to not have periods for a whole year (up to today) no mood swings, no acne, a really great birth control! However I have a non existent sex drive and it&#039;s really rocking my marriage. After a lot of contemplation and concluding that it&#039;s the birth control and not likely the breastfeeding causing this lack of libido (possibly mom-hood too), I am removing it next week and going back on pills. Good luck to my sex life!"
"I took bupropion for about two weeks and I didnt like the side effects. I cant sleep and with kids its a big no!. Its been about 2 weeks since I stopped and I wish I didnt. I get anxiety attacks I want to cry!! And dizziness. I will visit my dr soon."
"I just started this medication about two weeks ago. I was having intense Obsessive compulsive symptoms as well as the occasional suicidal thoughts. When I finally had the courage to express my suicidal thoughts, my doctor recommended that I take Celexa 10mg once daily. So far, I am very pleased with it. I was on fluoxetine (Prozac) for 4 years and it had some intense side effects. Celexa works just as well as Prozac with fewer side effects. Only thing I&#039;ve noticed is it made me quite drowsy for the first few days, but I think that is over now so everything is great! I am much more positive, yet not hyper like I was on Prozac."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about 3 years and it works great for me! My periods are always at the same time each month and are light. I take it before I go to bed each night and it does not affect my stomach. It is the first birth control I started and I would recommend it. Everyone is different, but in my experience it has worked very well!"
"Klonopin works excellent for my anxiety from PTSD. I still have some issues, but at 0.5 mg 3x day I feel much calmer and only rarely have panic attacks. I am better at talking to people and the other issues caused by my traumatic event. I have had no side effects from this medicine. I am worried about having to come off of it, but my psychiatrist says with weaning it is not too difficult. I think there is too much stigma with this medicine. It works and if you need it, you deal with the physical withdrawal when you have too. It can&#039;t be worse than the Zoloft withdrawal I had- with weaning- that doctors told me I wouldn&#039;t have. I am not tempted to take more than prescribed, and I don&#039;t feel &quot;high&quot; on it. Has helped me immensely."
"I got the Mirena today, literally an hour ago, and let me just tell you exactly how nervous I was. I had an anxiety attack going in, I was so scared to get it. I had nearly backed out so many times because I kept reading the reviews, but I am so glad I got it. The pain is quick literally so fast you can&#039;t even react to it. I&#039;m cramping, mildly, and bleeding (which is normal when something is inserted in you) I definitely recommend this to anyone, and if you&#039;re scared, don&#039;t be. It&#039;s literally a 5 minute procedure- and it&#039;s quick and easy. Pain goes away so fast!"
"I take Effexor for anxiety which has greatly increased my insomnia. Without something for sleep, I&#039;ll wake up anywhere from 20-30 times a night. I fall asleep easily but wake up repeatedly. I&#039;ve tried many things over the years to try and help improve my sleep; 5HTP, SAMe, Melatonin, phenibut, klonopin, trazadone, seroquel, etc. The gabapentin is a life saver. I take it at the same time every night and sleep like a baby. There are no side effects that I can tell and ZERO grogginess in the morning. I&#039;m amazed that I wake up refreshed and ready for the day. I haven&#039;t slept this well since I was a child. I highly recommend being open to trying this if you&#039;re suffering like I was."
"I suffer from migraines and also am overweight. So the Dr prescribed me topamax for both. I weighed in at 209 on Feb 2 2016 and today Feb 12 2016 I am 203. So far so good with the weight loss. I&#039;m not to pleased with the side affects however. I feel fuzzy all day. Like I&#039;m on a cloud, Dizzy.  Tingling and nubness in my fingers and toes. Hasn&#039;t helped my migraines at all either.  It does though not make me hungry at all. I have to force myself to eat because I know I have too. I don&#039;t see myself taking this medication long term. I&#039;d rather try and lose the weight naturally. Not worth all the side affects"
"I&#039;m 31. After 10 yrs of sciatica pain caused by bulging discs and fracture I was prescribed tramadol. They are amazing. No side effects. And no pain, only take 30 mins to kick in. They help me so much in my heavy lifting job. I take them when I&#039;m in a lot of pain. Other times I just try deal with the pain."
"I&#039;ve used Megace to help with lack of feeling hungry which results in poor protein intake. Megace keeps my hunger level at a point where I want to eat and can keep my weight and nutrition up."
"My PCP prescribed Serzone for me after I described typical symptoms of depression. As an RN I didn&#039;t want to feel &quot;medicated&quot; &amp; never did. This medicine gave me back  myself. I was on it for about 4 yrs then switched to Paxil for about 2 yrs and then taken off all together. I haven&#039;t been on any medicines for depression in 7 yrs as my divorce is long over &amp; I am well healed - Amen! I would recommend Serzone   regular lab work &amp; doctor&#039;s care. Also, talk therapy helps too!"
"I like Stendra, no headaches like Cialis or Viagra did. I am 80 years old and have tried all methods. Injections with trimix, vacuum pump, and cock ring. I still have to use a cock ring to keep it up, but stendra works best, keeps me up with no side effects. Keep trying, never give up. I hope I have sex until they put me in the horizontal position."
"I have been on nuvaring for about 6 years. 
PROS: I&#039;ve never gotten pregnant. My boobs went up 2 cup sizes. its not uncomfortable at all. It regulated my period. Much easier than the pill, you put it in, then you can forget about it for 3 weeks. But the BEST THING for me was that it cleared my acne. 

CONS: I am moody, more depressed, will cry for any little thing. I have always been 110 pounds my whole life with tiny fluctuations now I&#039;m heading towards 125 pounds! No sex drive at all. Broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years because we never had sex. It gives me constant BV and daily vaginal discharge which is the worst side effect to me. 
 
I have decided to stop it. I&#039;m sick of having BV, and I don&#039;t want to gain any more weight."
"I&#039;ve tried two different types of birth control pills, each for almost 8 months. I constantly forgot to take the pills, and it just didn&#039;t work for me. My doctor recommended I switched to the shot. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. 0/10 recommend from me. But then my doctor and I talked about other medications I can take, and it was between the IUD and the patch. Before agreeing to take the patch, I was told that it may fall off when I was in the water, and there may be side effects. When I started this, I had absolutely no side effects whatsoever. I soon skipped a week, and I messed up the patch cycle, but no side effects. I didn&#039;t think it would work, but I&#039;ve been on this for almost 7 months, and I love it"
"This seemed to help a lot in shrinking my tumor in my throat. Not much side effects, in fact felt good. But the doctor said I had the max amount, went off of it and the tumor blocked my throat again in 2 months. Now they say nothing more can be done for me. The pain is horrible, no one should have to go through this terrible cancer. I pray for some kind of help again.  "
"This was the WORST drug I have been on since I was diagnosed in 1998. I was on the injection for about six months, gained a lot of weight (50 pounds) and had a horrible gallstones flare up in which I was diagnosed with the condition (after fainting in public). I was put back on abilify and prefer the oral pill every day to the injection! One nurse didn&#039;t inject me correctly and I developed sciatica for longer than I was on the medication!!"
"Been on this device since beginning of February, now August 3 2016. I started losing  my hair like crazy in the beginning, that has stoped. Gained a little weight but that&#039;s my fault for not eating right or exercising. Period wise I love . Didn&#039;t get my period till yesterday. It wasn&#039;t even a period more like spotting on and off &#039;ll day and today just brown discharge. I&#039;m guessing that was my period. I love it  sometimes I forget I even have it."
"I have been on Apri for over a year now. I was on Yaz before this one and it made me absolutely crazy! This one didn&#039;t seem to have much effect on me besides NO sex drive.... Enough where my husband and I argue about it at least a few times a week. I&#039;m only 20 and should want it more than NEVER... Thinking about switching birth controls now."
"This is an actual life changer for me. I&#039;ve been abnormally sweaty as long as I can remember - small walks in any kind of warmth I&#039;d be soaked, even shovelling snow in (actual) single digit temperatures would result with me soaking through  coats. It would get 10 fold worse in any area with humidity (I live in a very high altitude/dry area). I was very self conscious of this, constantly only had my hair back because it would be wet by mid day. Miserable. I started doing some looking into the symptoms and found hyperhidrosis and was so relieved to see something with a name and a potential relief. I immediately set an appointment with my doctor to discuss Oxybutynin. I&#039;ve been on it for three days and my sweating is gone. It&#039;s GONE."
"I was prescribed 30 mg of Cymbalta in February 2010 and took a daily dose until now. I am currently on Day 12 of being Cymbalta free. For a period of time, Cymbalta worked really well for me; however after over a year and a half on it, I was beginning to feel like a zombie and there were serious sexual side effects that interfered with my quality of life. My doctor instructed me to stop Cymbalta cold turkey and so far, it has been the worst 12 days of my life. Horrible, HORRIBLE withdrawal symptoms that actually sent me to the hospital. Although Cymbalta did work well for me in the beginning, had I known about the withdrawals I wouldn&#039;t have taken it."
"My experience was okay, I took 10 mg prednisone for about two weeks when I started taking isotretinoin for my severe acne. It reduced my inflammation very well, but caused uncomfortable bloating and very mild muscle soreness. It also caused me to have significant mood swings from having a lot of energy and excitement to being very depressed and having suicidal thoughts, and in some cases it made me a tad bit aggressive. So, it did the job well but the mental effects were kinda unenjoyable in my opinion. Personally, I won&#039;t say the drug is bad but I do highly advise you to take caution and monitor the mental health of whoever is taking the medicine."
"I am now in my 7th week of using Epiduo, I had a really bad Acne after I got the IUD contraceptive which broke me out so much. I even had my wedding with loads of bumpy acne and pimples on my face it was so bad. 
My doctor prescribed Epiduo to me after I rejected the Duac as the burning sensation was unbearable. I began using Epiduo precisely on the 18/12/2015 and Its has been amazing. Please stick with it and don&#039;t apply too much on the affected area. Don&#039;t worry if you break out even more when you start, it&#039;s part of the healing process and with time you will see amazing result. I also started my period today and I can only see 2-3 pimple compare to like 20 or more that I usually get whenever I start. The point is, it really work."
"PLEASE, mention what the pharmaceutical company your lisinopril is from!  

Sometime over the last few months(?), Lupin Pharmaceutical has changed tablet sizes (I think in all dosages).  My brother is on this medication, has been for 8 years.  He hadn&#039;t really noticed the pill size change because he recently changed pharmacies also.  Within the last couple of months, he has had some symptoms that he wasn&#039;t sure why he was having.  Primarily, dizziness and lightheadedness, which has also stirred up his anxiety, and fluctuations in BP and heart rate (both going VERY low).  He decreased dose, then stopped taking.  Then BP spiked.  Took lower dose again, and dizziness is back, anxiety is back.  Viscous cycle with little answers at this point."
"IF you use this drug JUDICIOUSLY, it can a God send.  I take 1 mg 3 to 4 times a week, never passing 5 (and rarely hitting 5).  99% of the time I take it right at bedtime to get a bomb sleep.  The next day, the world is beautiful.  I am lucky; I can feel the drug working for 13 hours every time.  And when it wears off, I still feel superb.  I am a better person with this inexpensive medication in my life!

I have been taking ativan for 10 years.  The routine above has been consistently done for 3 years.  Consider a low dose SSRI; I have been taking 10 mg of Cipralex/Lexapro for 18 months.  I wish I had this figured out years ago!  Good Luck."
"After reading all the horrible comments on sites about this medication, I thought I would add my positive ones. I have been on it a little over 4 months now. As of the 4th month, I stopped all bleeding. Very few side effects at first, maybe being tired (I was anemic too), a little nausea and cramps right at first, but getting past all that, the bleeding finally stopped. This is a wonderful medication. Don&#039;t let the negative comments impact you. Each of us react differently. I have fibroids and the bleeding was very bad. They didn&#039;t know if this would help or not, worth the shot. Glad it is so far. Just don&#039;t give up at first even if you want to. Give it at least until the 4th month for your body to adjust."
"Does the job."
"I don&#039;t know if this is the only thing that works, because in addition, I take valium for spasms. Now, I have a problem, I cannot wake up, am groggy all day, feel tired all the time, worried while driving (80 miles each day), but I should also say that I have been tired prior to starting this. I take 1/2 of a 25 mg for over a month now, feel 300%, but then again for interstitial cystitis I&#039;m also on Valium."
"I did a lot of research before deciding Nexplanon was a good option for me. Insertion was much more painful than I expected from reading other reviews and there was intense bruising for a couple weeks after the procedure. On the bright side I&#039;ve been on it for a couple months so far and the only period I&#039;ve had was the week of the procedure and none after that. My skin is a little worse off than it was on the pill but not unmanageable. The only other major side effects are that my libido has almost completely disappeared and I have gained a bit of weight  I can&#039;t seem to shake(although I&#039;m actively working out and dieting). It&#039;s great as far as birth control goes - but consider the side effects before trying!"
"I&#039;ve taken many different types of birth control trying to find the right fit. I saw good reviews for Sprintec so I was going to go with that, but my doctor gave me the generic instead which is Estraylla. I&#039;ve only been on it a month and I&#039;m nearing the last week of my pack. I haven&#039;t eaten for 3 days because I feel so sick, I&#039;ve thrown up for the past 2 days as well. I haven&#039;t had sex since I started this pill because my sex drive is totally gone. This is seriously the worst birth control I&#039;ve been on I can&#039;t even finish the pack I feel so sick and anxious all the time. Do NOT get this birth control. There are a million different ones out there that are so much better."
"I just get really constipated and have to be laxating 2 times a month if not once every week. I was 213lbs and now I weigh 183lbs so I lost 30 lbs in 3 months."
"I love how easy it is but in 9 months I have gained 20 pounds and am getting really sad. I don&#039;t have any bleeding at all but I worry about the side effects on my weight and attitude."
"I took this medication when I had stomach flu and I was so thankful to have it!  It worked quickly and efficiently to stop the nausea and therefore the vomiting."
"I got on this back when it was Implanon. I have been on it for 6 years total. I&#039;m due to get it out on the 24th and I plan to keep it out. I&#039;m always nauseous, have headaches, dizziness, severe mood swings and anxiety. I just don&#039;t feel &quot;normal&quot;. Didn&#039;t relate it to the BC at first because I thought I was just being a big baby about it but after seeing so many people worth the same feelings it confirms my feelings. The first time I didn&#039;t have a period for two years then when I got after it ended I was extremely sick. This time my periods are sporadic and either really heavy or really light. Usually with old blood. Getting it out soon and really hoping I feel better when it&#039;s all out of my system. Plus side: it&#039;s really good at its job."
"Zoloft is really good."
"I have been on Viibryd for about 3 months with mixed results.  I started on 10 mg, I saw little improvement and increased my dosage to 20 mg.  The pros:  it took me out of a suicidal depression; my anxiety is lower, the physical symptoms of anxiety have decreased too; I have more energy, no more afternoon naps.  The cons: sexual side effects are present, not as bad as other SSRIs but still bothersome enough to keep me from increasing my dosage; diarrhea in the beginning but it does go away, be sure to take it with food; same with insomnia; vivid dreams; has done nothing for OCD and besides alleviating my suicidal idealization it&#039;s done little for my depression, I feel flat and unmotivated.  Going up to 40 mg may help but I&#039;m ambivalent."
"I have MS and I love this stuff. It makes me kind of jittery, but nothing knocks out an acute exacerbation like this."
"Hello again everyone! I have been on Paxil now for 9 weeks and it has still been a very beneficial addition to my life. I&#039;ve started to feel like the real me now. I don&#039;t feel subdued or Zombied out like some people report. I started on 10mg then my Dr. moved me to 20mg about 2 weeks ago. The only main side effect I&#039;ve had in transitioning to the higher dosage was severe mania for the first couple of days. It wore off significantly as the days passed. As for the weight gain that &quot;Paxil causes&quot;, I think it&#039;s just that I&#039;m not so anxious to the point of nausea and disgust in food. I love eating and enjoy my food again! My biggest positive in Paxil is that my generalized anxiety is SEVERELY reduced. Panic attacks are down 85% and I feel great!"
"Have only been on this medicine for two days and I am debating over whether or not I should continue taking the rest.  Thankfully no hallucinations or nightmares.  However, the aftertaste is horrible.  You can&#039;t get rid of it.  Everything you eat and drink tastes awful.  Gum and mints help with the taste.  Unfortunately, there is nothing you can do when it is time to go to bed.  Not sure if the tummy cramps are from the illness or from this medicine."
"This is the first time I am writing a review and that is because of how amazing this product is. I never had acne as a teenager and out of nowhere 6 months back I had a bad outbreak of cystic acne. It frustrated the hell out of me. They were mostly on my chin and jawline. My dermatologist prescribed clindamycin benzoyl peroxide to me. And it has been the saviour. Just a heads up, it dries the skin. So make sure to moisturize your face. The gel and cetaphil have gone hand in hand for me. I never had any irritation or redness but yes it did dry my skin but it got better after 2 weeks of use. I think my skin just got used to it. I still have a few pimples here and there on a rolling basis but it has been much much much better"
"I just finished the free 2 week trial and lost 8 pounds! I couldn&#039;t believe it. I hadn&#039;t excerised either but will start incorporating it in a few times a week. Dr. prescribed me a 3 month supply, my insurance doesn&#039;t cover but the savings card from Belviq helps. I&#039;ll try one month and see from there."
"This is my 3rd time taking Chantix. The 1st time I took it for 3 months  and quit smoking for 3.5yrs. I experienced the dreams but no other side effects. The 2nd time I took it for 1 month &amp; quit smoking for 6 months. I still had the dreams but had nausea also. This time I&#039;ve been on it for 4 wks, smoke free for 3wks. I&#039;m having the dreams and had nausea for only the 2&amp;3wk, but in the 2wk I started experiencing more side effects. I started feeling tired lazy bummed and in a bit of a depressive state. In the 3wk I became paranoid and obsessive with racing thoughts. Its hard to focus and now in the 4th wk I question if I&#039;m hallucinating or dreaming. No thoughts of suicide. I quit taking it today &amp; hope to stay smoke free."
"I started taking Seroquel about 10 years ago. I have to take about 600mg a night plus Ambien to get a good nights sleep (this is as prescribed by my doctor). I don&#039;t know what I would do without it. It changed my life when I realized what a good nights sleep could do. My depression improved just by sleeping better. I&#039;ve never had any terrible side effects. I do tend to have to eat after I take it as it seems to make it work faster. I did have a small amount of weight gain (5-10lbs) but nothing like when I tried Zyprexa (30-40lbs)! Seroquel is definitely something you should ask your doctor about!"
"I started taking this diet pill about 2 1/2 yrs ago and in 3 mths had lost 45 lbs. I was thrilled with the results and had decided to stop taking it. I kept the weight off for 1 1/2 yrs. But in the past year I have gained back 15 lbs. So I made an appointment to see my doctor. I love this miracle pill."
"This is the best birth control I&#039;ve been on. No weight gain at all. And it doesn&#039;t make it hard to lose weight. My boobs have gotten bigger. My skin is so clear I get compliments on it ( i used to have bad acne). And most importantly, no babies. I have sex with my SO without condoms so I know it works. I know exactly when my period will come every month.  That&#039;s a relief because I used to get my period anywhere from every 2-9 months apart.  

Only side effects is occasional nausea on the first week of each pack. And random headaches but that&#039;s not often."
"So after reading all the reviews on here which totally saved me from having a panic attack I had to write about my experience. I&#039;m 20 years old and me and my bf had unprotected sex on August 29th, he pulled out but I was still super paranoid so I took Plan B 11 hours later. I had absolutely no side effects so after about a week I was convinced that the pill didn&#039;t work for me and even started thinking about how I was going to tell my parents, my friends, the whole thing! So crazy I know.. So anyways I got my period today and am so happy. Trust me even if you don&#039;t experience any side effects does not mean the pill isn&#039;t working! I promise, Just try not to freak out and keep yourself busy. Also my period came a little less then a week early"
"Took this as a relief at 8.00pm by 3am i was getting cronic tummy cramps and sweats i felt sick but nothing eas happening ny about half 3 being in pain with my tummy for that long and wanting to cry i suddenly had a massive case of the runs for about an hour ive never felt to poorly after tablets in my life i will defianatly not be taking the rest of these ever again"
"I have been taking Asacol HD since I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s disease almost 3 years ago and have had only one flare-up. This works great for me!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Cipralex 20mg in the morning and 15mg Remeron at night and would take from 0.5mg to 1mg of lorazapam in the morning as this is when my anxiety is worst. Since my anxiety was not improving, I decided to get off the Remeron to reduce the Seratonin. Remeron was great for helping me sleep but the withdrawal was awful. I decided to use lorazapam to help me sleep which worked well for a while. Without the Remeron my morning anxiety became better and I started to have better days. This only lasted about a week. Pretty soon I was having sleeping problems and the lorazapam didn&#039;t help my daily anxiety either and in fact at times I felt worse. This is the downfall of lorazapam. You build up a tolerance and have to increase the dose."
"I took Vesicare l hr before dinner.   About 1am, woke up with severe abdominal pain.   Thought I would have to go to the Emergency room.   Then I started with diarrhea and the pain subsided.  "
"I started TriNessa Lo almost 2 months ago because I want to clear my acne. During the first month I didn&#039;t see any improvement. In fact I think that it even got worse. During the second month my face started clearing up. I am experiencing some side effects but I plan to continue to stay on the pill, hoping that my body will get used to it, and the side effects will fade away. 
My period was very light, and I experienced less cramping than before taking the pill.
Some side effects: I feel depressed during the first week (while I&#039;m on the white pills), and then this goes away, then my breasts get HUGE and hurt a lot. I can not stand moving without wearing bras. The tenderness and pain are awful."
"I use Dextrostat for adult ADHD and have found it to be very effective in controlling my symptoms without any adverse effects."
"I have had IBS d every single day for 8 years. Started viberzi 100mg 2x a day works most days and every so often I will have an &quot;attack&quot; overall though it is hands down the best medication perscription or over the counter I have ever tried"
"I started taking Wellbutrin about two weeks ago.  The first week was fine, but on the second week my blood pressure became elevated along with uncontrollable muscle tremors, trouble concentrating, overheating in my face, difficulty concentration and speaking, dry mouth, sweating, and headaches. I had to quit taking it."
"Used as directed and not sure it did much, truthfully. I have been having bio-identical estrogen and testosterone implants and that does seem to be very effective. Also, OTC  product called Luvena (Restorative Vaginal Moisturizer, pH balanced) is super effective and doesn&#039;t cause the stinging and break through bleeding of Estrace. Luvena is significantly cheaper than insanely over priced Estrace ($300 or a $72 co-pay). Really, Estrace should cost about $15 and not the criminally high price it is
Bottom line: Not a fan of Estrace and certainly not worth the $72 co-pay for stinging and bleeding for me at ten years post menopause."
"I&#039;m currently on Saphris, I just starting working for the first time in 3 years.  Ive been on Saphris about 10 months.  2 days ago I woke up and had white canker sores in my mouth, tingling lips.  This drug is so great,  can take it and wake up 6 hours later and not feel tired all day."
"I was looking forward to trying Latuda however in the month that I took it, the side effects were too much for me.  I could not sleep, I was restless,  irritable, argumentative - basically not pleasant to be around.  And it made my muscles ache so bad I could hardly walk.  It wasn&#039;t for me.  Good luck!"
"I went from being extremely angry and so anxious I couldn&#039;t leave the house, to now being able to go out in public, socialize with others, and live life. I feel much happier, have more energy, and am MUCH more pleasant to be around."
"Dont get on depo unless u want spotting for the rest of your life, can cause breast cancer doctors can&#039;t reverse it causes infertility after shot is given it does more harm to your body then it does good."
"Seemed to work within 3 hours a little constipated muscle twitches and soreness"
"My daughter was put on Keppra when she was 14 months old &amp; she walked like she was drunk after she started on it.  The doctor said not to ever give her Keppra again!!"
"Had 3 shots still hurt somewhat for two weeks, took some Sulindac once a day. I can play golf again."
"I was depressed and sad with no motivation. I had suffered several losses and could not seem to recover. Developed anxiety.  I just wanted to be my carefree busy self again. My Dr gave me 100mg Welbutrin.  I took it for a few weeks and felt just weird, not better.  My Dr suggested I double the dose.  ! I took 200mg and immediately felt suicidal. My bf had to restrain me from jumping out the window or slicing my throat. The mist awful feeling of my life. But I learned that compared to that feeling, I wasn&#039;t that depressed and I went on trazadone for sleeping issues. Helped greatly. As  well as strenuous exercise an hour a day.  I&#039;m sure some meds work, but I feel as if you are playing Russian Roulette with your life."
"Celexa gave me my life back! I was going through a hard time and slowly but surely hit a wall with depression and anxiety and wasn&#039;t able to handle it. I wasn&#039;t sleeping or even able to eat, I felt alone and so far from myself. I&#039;d never been on an antidepressant before so Celexa was the first and I had looked up all the side effects and was really scared to take it. Don&#039;t let the side effects or horror stories fool you. This medicine does help, it takes time to see the results but it does help."
"Levlen is a product I have used for the last three years in order to regulate my periods (I have amenorrhea). Without the aid of hormones, I do not have a proper cycle and therefore have been on &quot;versions&quot; of the pill since fifteen. Levlen is just as good as any, and (for me) the contraceptive ability is an added bonus."
"I am a renal patient so PPI are no good for me, I take 150 Zantac daily and it does NOTHING for my GERD, I&#039;m at a loss I&#039;m told I have to just &quot;deal&quot; with it."
"29/f with anxiety and depression, I have only taken this medicine once, I took it at night as prescribed by the doctor, woke up at 3 a.m. crawling out of my skin! I threw up twice, my pupils were dilated I was sweating, shaking uncontrollably and couldn&#039;t sleep. I imagine this is what meth feels like?! I started to have incredibly bad anxiety bad thoughts and images, my brain felt like it was screaming. this medicine is awful. It&#039;s now 10am, I&#039;m still jittery, i feel super sick, can&#039;t eat, I feel awful."
"I&#039;m into week three of of six of effudex all over my chest after living in the tropics for 45 years. I have been told to use it on Monday, Wednesday and Friday evening before bed. By Saturday it is so painful and itchy, but quietens down Sunday, Monday until I have to start again. I can&#039;t imagine what it must be like using it twice a day for 6 weeks. I&#039;m using Aloe Vera in the mornings which calms the itching. Now I am getting scabs and dry skin and having a hard time keeping my fingers away from picking at it. Last time I used it daily on a patch on my face and was left with a red patch for nearly two years. I&#039;m wondering whether some of you are suffering unnecessarily from effudex being over prescribed. I live in the UK and don&#039;t have to pay much"
"A friend told me about this and after picking up GoLightly, I called my doctor who said they don&#039;t prescribe because of cost.  I was expecting up to $150 and even though I only paid $36, I would have paid $150.  

The only issue I had was it took 4.5 hours to begin working.  It was so easy, that I thought I wasn&#039;t cleaned out enough!!!  My dr recommended taking it at 2PM and 6PM, then 1/2 bottle of magnesium citrate at 8PM.  By 11:30, I was done ad had a good rest.  Others recommended dulcolax ahead of time, but my doctor didn&#039;t.  Compared to my last experience 10 years ago (Oral Fleet ?, which was taken off the market and disgusting), the last of Prepopik was a pleasure...tasted like Tang.  It was a slow prep, but it did the job!!!"
"CURRENTLY on rifampin therapy along with ethambutol, zithromax, IV amikacin and prilosec for the MAC. experiencing numerous side effects to include diarrhea, nausea, intermittent episodes of severe vomiting, extreme fatigue,  headaches (almost all the time), dizziness, double vision, generalized body aches, and severe cramps in my extremities. It is hard to tell which drug is the culprit.  I have experienced two incidences of elevated liver enzymes, which have returned back to within normal limits so far. At this point in my therapy, there has been no documented improvement, but I am told to expect it to take up to two years of therapy for a cure.  I will update my experience as time progresses."
"I have started taking Adipex 5 days ago and I have lost eight pounds already. This is a wonderful drug. I have been on and off of it for years. You can lose weight very fast with this pill. It really works if you want to lose weight. You may experience dry mouth. You don&#039;t feel hungry, you have to make yourself eat. I haven&#039;t been doing any kind of workouts, but plan to start. I go back to my doctor 8-26-10. She said that I would have to lose 6 pound if I want to get more. I started out at 187 and now I am 179."
"Kerydin worked REALLY well. It actually did manage to finally clear up a persistent toenail fungal infection that nothing else had worked on.

It was unbelievably expensive (better than $500/bottle). The manufacturer provided a coupon card for a year&#039;s worth of medication, but by all reports it requires the patient to use this topical medication for up to 48 months to finally clear up an infection for good.

So, after the first year, the price jumped back up to unaffordable, and the infection came returned because the treatment wasn&#039;t finished.

The medication was working, but $6,000/year for the medication after the coupon expires is so much more than I can afford, so I can&#039;t complete the treatment."
"I am on meds for depression and they&#039;re working. Thank God. Anxiety is an issue,  so my psychiatrist prescribed gabapentin,  300mg. The suggested dosage is one, 4x per day. I don&#039;t do that but instead take it when I&#039;m feeling anxious and it works like a charm. Plus it helps me fall and stay asleep. Am hungrier but I can control that. Great medication."
"I got the Nexplanon implant put in November 24th so it&#039;s almost been a month since using it. I must say I&#039;ve been extremely emotional since using it (even though I was emotional before) but my emotions seem to be stronger now. I haven&#039;t gotten any cramps or any pains. I did get my first period while on nexplanon and it seemed regular was very light at first and became moderate as the days went on it made my period last longer (I hope this changes). My PMS symptoms were off the charts though and my boyfriend was not liking that, but other than some emotional symptoms it seems to do its job and I haven&#039;t had any other problems other than that."
"This medicine is truly foul,, drinking it was far worse then any of the bowel movements that followed but then I never drink fruit flavoured drinks at the best of times or add salt to my food so for me that was the hardest part so far. Drank it through a straw each glass lasting up to 15 mins and then rewarding my self with a 10 min break. Smothered my bottom in Bepanthen nappy cream recommend by the pharmacy at every opportunity and did not experience any soreness. For me it did exactly what it said on the tin. Should be ready to go and as clean as a whistle for my appointment this afternoon. I think it helped by sticking to the suggested food lists and not eating vast amounts after all what goes in has to come out."
"I&#039;ve suffered for over 20 years with PTSD in addition to ADD, so my adrenal system is shot. My fight or flight is 0-100 with anger at times so severe I&#039;ve received felony charges. I witnessed a horrific murder, was raped and held at gunpoint with my baby daughter for over a week. My trauma was so severe I had and still have memory loss. I believed I was dead for over 5 years and had a memory of me being shot. What I want to say about this medication is it saved my life, I&#039;ve been on it for about 6 months and it works. I am going to see about taking it during the day as well...I wish you all the best of luck and pray you remain strong through your battle with PTSD."
"I am 20 years old and have been on Vyvanse 50mg for about 4 months now. I find this medication has helped me a lot. I&#039;ve tried others but nothing can compare to this. I never finished high school but since I started taking Vyvanse I have switched my life around. I started school and am making high marks. This medication has changed my life for the better."
"I have been taking citalopram for 6 weeks now. 10mg for anxiety and panic attacks. Side effects yawning, sweats, increased anxiety. I was VERY scared to start taking them. I had them for 4 months before I plucked up the courage. I take in the morning. Only just starting to see an improvement in the anxiety. Haven&#039;t had a panic attack since starting the meds. This is the first medicine I have ever taken. I have an appointment at docs next week when I think he will increase dose to 20mg which is normal dose. My anxiety is severe. The week before I began the meds I couldn&#039;t leave the house. This last week I have been shopping, cinema, hair salon. Still having trouble sleeping. All other side effects only lasted 10 days. I am happy to be on them."
"I definitely recommend Adapalene Gel. I have had acne for the past 3-5 years. I am 29.  I never had acne like this before this time period. I was skeptical at first but now I can leave the house without trying to unsuccessfully cover my redness, scarring, and pimples. The scarring is still there but it is faint. There are only 2 small negatives I experienced while taking it ...1. When my face sweats (wearing a hat, being in a hot room, or working out) it just burns badly. 2. When I started it my face felt like it was on fire a lot.  Initially. I switched to every other day when using it. Now I use it before bed w CeraVe  moisturizer. I only use 1 PEA size for my entire face.  Don&#039;t over do it.  It&#039;ll help you just need to be patient. :)"
"This 1-day product did not work. It says day or night but I didn&#039;t really believe it so when I used it in the morning on a day off, I spent the next few hours laying on the couch watching Hulu as to let it work its magic. After a few hours, I got up to go pee and all of the medicine came out. I thought maybe that was supposed to happen. Two days later I still had a full on yeast infection. Got the 3-day treatment and used it at night. Worked like a charm."
"I had an horrible experience with this pill. My now husband and I have been together going on 7 years this Aug 2017. While we were dating. We did slip one time during Thanksgiving 2010. Thankfully CVS/Walgreens was open for us to go get the pill. I wasn&#039;t ready to be a mama and he just had his 3rd child in Jan. that same year. This pill is crap!!! Two weeks after I took the pill I had a extremely heavy cycle... To the point that I had to go home from work... Was unable to walk or anything.. And that was the last time I ever had a cycle... Jan. 2, 2017... I finally started to get a cycle... After almost 7 years without one... I have spoken to doctors about it and they didn&#039;t know what was wrong.. Please be careful with this pill..."
"After the first 3 days of taking it it worked for a week. I went from a very nasty snappy man to calm and commutative. That last for about 2 wks. Now my partner says im back to being nasty and rude. Careless and snappy. Im tired all the time. Its not helping! I started at 30mg they put me up to 60mg now im back to 30mg"
"I&#039;ve had mirena now for 10 days. I started spoting 2 hrs after the placement but my Dr told me I might bleed for up to 4-6 after placement. I&#039;ve only had 1 really bad night where I cramped so bad it woke me up n I had to take meds. As time goes on I notice less bleeding and no cramps. I&#039;m happy with the mirena so far."
"It did drop my blood pressure, but within 2 days I felt nauseated, tired, and got cramps. I explained to the doctor it was like having a hangover times 10 without the benefits the night before. I am about to try Bystolic 5mg."
"I was 21 when I got it and removed it after a year. The insertion wasn&#039;t bad but the side effects were terrible. I went from no cramps to cramping often. Periods were 2 weeks spotting, 1 week HEAVY FLOW. I couldn&#039;t wear tampons as they would immediately leak. It filled a thick pad within 1-2 hours. Constant embarrassment when going out because I would somehow always leak, and it ruined some vacations as I couldn&#039;t swim while on my period. I dealt with this nightmare of only having 1 week/month without a period for a year, thinking my period would go back to normal after 6 months, it never did. My bf could also feel the string poking him when we had sex, which sucked. It may work for some but I definitely would not recommend it."
"I am 27 years old I have had kidney stones while in labor had a c-section and was diagnosed with cluster headaches the most severe pain you will ever know but my chronic back pain takes the win. Those pains go away I might be in excruciating pain for a couple of days put my degenerate disc disease, sciatica and adult scoliosis is none stop pain my doctor prescribed me gabapentin 300mg 3&times; a day but I been on it for 2 months now and all it does is make me want to sleep has not taking any pain away and I have 2 kids I can&#039;t sleep all day even know my pain makes me want to stay in bed I can&#039;t.My doctor has done the epidural steriod injection no relief but galabpentin just gives me bad side effects."
"My original experience with Zoloft was over ten years ago, during a serious depressive episode - it seemed to be effective as a stabilizer.  This past December, a doctor prescribed it again to help pull me out of another down-turn.  Within the course of a month I progressed from severe depression to ultradian mood cycling, which resulted in a nervous breakdown.  The cycling abated within a couple weeks of discontinued treatment with Zoloft. "
"My doctor prescribed me singulair after my allergy test results came back. Went straight to reviews and seeing so many bad reviews I got worried. I have a history of anxiety and panic attack and people were stating it&#039;s only getting worse when you take singular. I even rang my doctor saying I&#039;m really afraid to take them but he politely asked me to give them a go. Not only my allergies settled down and symptoms were really bad I must say. I got back my sense of smell, I could breathe through my nose again, my sleeping patterns improved a lot ( some people experienced nightmares after taking singular, in my case I finally could sleep through the night having nicest dreams ever)Anxiety and panic attacks went away. In my case it did wonders"
"I got the shot because I thought that I was pregnant and when my doctor told me I wasn&#039;t she told me that I should get on the depo shot because my periods were always heavy. And my cramps were always bad. She told me that the depo shot would stop me from getting pregnant and would also stop me from getting period. So of course I agreed because not getting your periods is like a dream. It went well for about two weeks and then on November 23rd  came on my period at first it was light then the next few days it got very heavy and the cramps are even worse. I&#039;m still on my period and its been two weeks now. I&#039;ve gained weight and attitude has gotten worse. Me and my boyfriend argue almost everyday. and sex? who wants to have sex on their period"
"Wow!"
"I definitely recommend Mirena.  I have used it for 5 years, and just got my old one taken out, and the new one in.  My period was nonexistent within the first 3 months, after some initial irregular spotting.  I have used birth control pills and the Depo shot in the past, and I had tons of side effects from both, so Mirena is a welcome change.  The only downside for me was a couple of ovarian cysts within the first year, which have not come back.  The insertion was extremely painful for me both times, with severe cramping for hours afterwards, but totally worth it."
"I was given this for migraines. I can&#039;t blame my doctor for prescribing this about 7 months ago when I told her I was a raging maniac who was blowing up faster than a ballon at a carnival on Seasonique....but as a result I have gained a disgusting amount of weight. My bra size went from a 34D to a 34F! Nothing fits comfortably on the top or bottom because my bottom grew as well. How is it natural to get your period for one day or not at all? The worst is I have LOST MY SEX DRIVE."
"I tried Celebex for degenerative disc disease, and for pain associated with upper back surgery (spinal fusion). It didn&#039;t work well. And because I was in a stressful profession my doctors worried about heart issues associated with Celebrex. I changed to Norco 7.5/325 5 years ago and it has worked very well along with physical therapy. I&#039;m a 53 year old male."
"I was scared out of my wits to take this antibiotic after reading these reviews but I am here to put your minds at ease. I&#039;m highly allergic to penicillin &amp; NSAIDs (Ibuprofen) so I have wicked medication anxiety when it comes to taking anything new. I had to take this for 5 days &amp; I was warned when I received this medication that it would cause dizziness, nausea, upset stomach, and loose stools.  Which is all I experienced with this pill. On the first day I had nausea, upset stomach, &amp; diarrhea, the second day I had nausea &amp; dizziness, on the 3rd day I had nausea, upset stomach, &amp; diarrhea. The every other day of symptoms pattern continued the whole time I took this. Make sure you have a full stock of toilet paper at home. Pill tastes nasty"
"I have taken Apri for about ten years now.  The pill has helped with my acne, migraines, period regularity, and cramping.  I have not had any side effects.  No depression, weight gain, loss of sex drive, or any other negative side effects.  I also have not gotten pregnant, so the pill is doing its job!"
"Never again......

At first the injections worked great, but after round 4, I can&#039;t walk, I can&#039;t work.

Next time I join the titanium club and replace the knees.

Never again."
"last 15 tears of taking Klonopin have been a total improvement of my quality of life. and an improvement in anxiety to the point where I am like the friendliest guy in town so to speak. where as before taking Klonopin I had severe social  phobia . as a result the stress was definetly related to making me get cancer at 40 years of age. it works. buspar and all the other more popular anti anxiety meds did not work and I don&#039;t want to stop taking Klonopin.     William P."
"I take Allegra for allergies, but was still having side effects.  Flonase was added to my regime, and now I have no more runny, itchy nose, itchy ears and eyes, or sneezing."
" I purchased this medicine earlier today thinking it would be easier and cheaper to buy then trying to contact my doctor or setting up.an appt only to still have to pick up the prescription. Boy was i wrong! I purchased the 1 day oval. The iching is brutal! It made me want to tear my vagina off or stab it a million times to.make it stop. The burning is just as bad. Its so inflamed! Do Not Buy this Product"
"There are various manufacturer of clonazepam. I always made sure to stay with the same manufacturer. However, a week into taking the pills from my new prescription I started to feel very ill. I still had several pills from my previous refill because I only required  1/2 of the 0.5 mg. It was prescribed for me for chronic neck pain. The manufacturer changed the ingredients and now I have been suffering for months to find a replacement to no avail. It&#039;s been working well for years but right now the horrible effects I&#039;m getting I don&#039;t think I&#039;d recommended to any one. Please try every option before having to suffer the consequences in the long run."
"This works perfectly, I&#039;d highly recommend it."
"Do NOT take this PLEASE :( I&#039;m going to be totally honest and say I was only mildly constipated, and took 2 tabs, 1-3 being suggested dose. Have taken other laxatives before no problems at all. 

Oh my GOD. I took it around 9pm, with food, plenty of liquids, &amp; went to bed. Was awake at midnight, 3, 4, 6AM in absolute agony, cramps like I&#039;ve never felt, severe nausea. Also made me vomit, probably from the cramping / spasms. 

Yes it had the &quot;desired effect&quot; but no WAY was it worth that level of agony over the 12 hours. Please just see a doc and get something better."
"I absolutely love Nexplanon. I got it inserted in July 2013. Since then I have one extremely light period that lasted two days. I have no experience weight gain. I have always had very little acne and Nexplanon did not cause my acne to increase. I also haven&#039;t experienced a changes in moodiness. I recommend Nexplanon to my friends all the time. I also have a friend that has it and she really likes it although she has experienced some weight gain. I am very surprised so many people have had such a terrible experience. If you are considering getting Nexplanon do not let these horror stories scare you away. Everyone has a different experience so you&#039;ll have to see if it&#039;s a good birth control option for you."
"The Mylan Lidocaine 5% Patches are horrible... not only do they not help with the pain, but they are very stiff once you put it on and when you try to take it off it rips the hair out of your back! It horrible will never use another one again!!!"
"I&#039;ve had Implanon in for almost a year. Since I&#039;ve had it I haven&#039;t gone for more than 2 days without spotting, will have a heavy period for up to 5 weeks, migraines, muscle pains, joint aches, acne, incredible mood swings, will cry for no reason, extreme anxiety where everything around me goes hazy and I feel like I&#039;m moving in slow motion, my breasts constantly ache and I&#039;ve gained about 35 pounds. While it&#039;s great to not have to worry about taking a pill daily, the side effects aren&#039;t worth it. "
"Lol don&#039;t be such babies. Men are supposed to act like babies. Yes the stuff burns and itches with the medicine. It&#039;s supposed to. It&#039;s destroying the fungus lol. The product works and it didn&#039;t burn and itch for that long. Like I read on one review... we are women crap happens to us and worse stuff than a yeast infection. Toughin up. Buy the product"
"I&#039;ve tried Tramadol 50 milligram tablets prescribed by my physician all that is so hyped up Tylenol that does no damn good except make your kidneys and liver work harder. It&#039;s a bunch of rubbish why can&#039;t they just prescribe what we need and take less of it and not have as many problems."
"Before my doctor suggested trying trazadone 50mg a night I was awake every hour on the hour every night. Now I take it right before bed and I sleep the whole night without a problem.  I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 years and don&#039;t have any complaints. It was a miracle for me"
"About 5 months ago I had a MAJOR breakout on my chin. I&#039;m 27, never had a problem with acne before. I&#039;d been through a number of topical creams and antibiotics, without any result. If anything, the breakout was worse. I was a few weeks away from starting Accutane, when as a last resort my doctor gave me Atralin. It took about two weeks before I saw much of an improvement, but it works wonderfully. It didn&#039;t burn like any of the other topical creams and didn&#039;t make it worse before better, like most of the other ones. I&#039;ve been using the Atralin for a couple of months now and my skin has cleared up completely. I have had maybe two or three very small blemishes since then, and even those are gone within a day or two. I highly recommend it!"
"I&#039;m a 36 year old female who is managing face, chest and back acne with doxy and differin gel .3%.  I take 200 mgs of doxy in the AM and at night I apply differin to my face, chest and back.  I have been on this routine since 6/30/16.  Since that time no new acne has sprouted and existing acne has significantly improved.  Doxy and differin is an interim solution as my derm believes acne outbreak is hormonal.  

As interim solution, I recommend doxy and differin."
"Sharing my experience because I know reading these helped me. Just to start saying I am 16, within the weight, and never had any vagina problems. My boyfriend and I had sex and the condom broke without us knowing and he came inside of me. I took the pill about 5-7 hours after. I was so terrified I was pregnant because I didn&#039;t have any of the side effects. My period had just ended the day before this happened and I just got my period today, 5 days later. I promise you it works...just trust it!!"
"Unfortunately my experiences have not been good. It has reduced the seizures but, I get  bad side effects - dizziness, lightheadedness, headaches, nausea and poor coordination."
"I started experiencing depression and anxiety attacks at around 19 years old. At the time, I didn&#039;t quite realize what was wrong with me, I just knew something was horribly wrong. I have tried every medication known to man; celexa, Prozac, cymbalta, pristiq, viibryd, Wellbutrin... And nothing. The emptiness, emotional turmoil, and suffocation I felt was ruining my life. Then in 2011, I started Effexor. I feel alive again, and I never thought I would feel normal again. The one thing I will warn about is the dependency. If you miss one pill, you will think you are coming down with the flu. If you ever decide to stop, you will have to taper off. Adverse effects: constipation, weight loss, vivid dreams, insomnia, sexual dys."
"2nd try with suboxone.."
"I took this BC for a year. My main reason for taking was due to recurring ovation cysts that ruptured every month and it worked wonders. As an added bonus it did its job as a birth control and without any side effects. I had no weight gain no acne no babies and no cysts. I didn&#039;t lose my sex drive. And when I did stop taking it I was pregnant the second month after. So it didn&#039;t effect my fertility which is a huge thing for me considering I miscarried after being on depo for 6 months."
"I experienced severe postpartum depression after my twins were born, actually it started after I stopped breastfeeding them.  My hormones were all over the place.  I was sleep deprived and suicidal.  Paxil worked great on my depression, but I had negative side effects. First of all, it really flattened my emotional response.  Nothing much upset me, but nothing made me excited either.  I had zero sex drive and could not achieve orgasm at all.  I also gained a lot of weight in a very short amount of time.  Also, I had trouble falling asleep.  I switched to Wellbutrin, and actually lost weight. I would still have difficulty coping some days, but it was manageable, and no negative side effects."
"I have taken this medicine for seven years.....six of those in conjunction with Zyprexa. I ballooned from 120lbs to 210lbs in that space of time. I was not warned that this medicine has the potential to cause massive weight gain, and she insisted to me that the gain was nothing to do with the drug. Came off the drugs independently for 13 months, 95lbs fell off me easily, but had another episode after that time. Am now on 500mgs Depakote and 10mgs Abilify. Don&#039;t notice any beneficial effects from this medicine hair loss, nails breaking below the quick, hand and body tremors, forgetfulness, being abstract and far away, irregular sleep patterns. Want to ask the doctor to try me on Lamictal."
"If I take one 8 hour pill before getting up in about a half hour I am good to go for the whole day. I have osteoarthritis."
"After the initial, hard to get through side effects. I stuck with the Geodon and it has helped me greatly. I&#039;m not as moody, and like some other peoples&#039; reviews I saw, I&#039;m not as hostile. I&#039;m taking 160mg/night and due to severe stress my doctor added another 60mg in the morning. I&#039;m over the sleepiness, but do get restless at times. I keep reading about the horror stories about this medicine, but for me it works well in conjunction with my Lamictal and Klonopin and Prozac."
"Prolia shot given July 26, 2012!.  Immediately had every dermatological problem listed in the ad:Itching, rash all over body except for face, extreme pain, dry skin, repeated biopsies, thousands of dollars for doctors, prescriptions, lotions and potions.  Left calf&#039;s skin completely peeled off like the bark of a tree and has never recovered four years later!!  Even now it is again broken out in oozing rashes around the ankle, but the entire leg hurts.  I must keep the hair on my legs shaved very close or when I am exercising in the Y pool, the leg is painful just 
with the movement of the tiny hairs in the water. The pain is inside as well as on the surface of my skin. These bad side effects continue! Have pictures of early rash available."
"I&#039;m sick and have a constant barking cough that&#039;s mostly unproductive. I read reviews on amazon to find a good OTC cough suppressant. Delsym had rave reviews. I had hubby pick up the orange.

I can say that my coughing has stopped. Delsym absolutely stops the coughing. It&#039;s quite wonderful.

What&#039;s not wonderful are the three bouts of explosive diarrhea I have had since taking it three hours ago. There&#039;s more to come as my stomach is still gurgling. 

This is the really bad stuff. Thank goodness it stops the coughing because if I coughed right now, I&#039;d have diarrhea all over the bed.

The medicine DOES stop the coughing, but it&#039;s not worth this kind of diarrhea."
"I&#039;ve had the Nexaplanon since Sept 2015. The procedure was easy and efficient. No pain, no burning at the injection &amp; no problems with the recovery. I had just finished my period the week before I got the implant. I haven&#039;t had a period since then, which was weird to me @ 1st because I always had a monthly period. I&#039;ve neither lost or gained weight. I do spot a lot every other two weeks or so but its light &amp; I just put a liner down just in case. I do get mood swings from time to time but I snap out of it quickly. I&#039;ve had terrible acne before but this made it out of control. Only downside is acne. Oh &amp; after sex, like the day after I&#039;ll have heavier spotting. "
"I was prescribed Lyrica for Fibromyalgia pain.  It didn&#039;t really help that much but it did wonders for the neuropathy in my feet caused by botched plantar fascitis surgery.  The pain in my feet was horrible and the Lyrica took the sharp jabs and the feeling of nails being driven through my feet away.  Still have some pain in my feet but not the intense, jarring me awake type pain.  On the one occasion I ran out of Lyrica I got terribly sick, throwing up and diarrhea.  So I don&#039;t run out!!  Am taking 300 mg morning and night. Have recently lost 37 pounds, albeit with great effort, just like before Lyrica.  Sometimes my vision is just a little blurry, but have learned to deal with it.  I continue to take Lyrica for the benefits."
"Taking for an infected toe. The infection is eating away the bone. I really know if it is working as there was no swelling or pain in the first place. Side effects are minimal and tolerable, some stomach discomfort and fatigue."
"After about two weeks on Pristiq, I can definitely say it is helping.  I had come off of Effexor (which made me gain weight) and was in a bad state with terrible anxiety.  Pristiq has made me feel more balanced.  It also reduces my appetite which is a plus.  Some dry mouth and nausea, which has subsided.  I also wake up more in the night but am able to go back to sleep."
"l have had rheumatoid arthritis now for 7 years, it runs in my family both grandmothers, my parents, my 5 siblings. I have been taking methotrexate injections for 2 years plus Celebrex &amp; Plaquenil along with controlled pain medication. I thought is this the way my life is going to be, always in pain. I started Humira about 3 weeks ago &amp; WOW after the 1st injection the next day I could not believe how much my pain and stiffness had decrease, I could actually get up by myself in the morning. I take my shot every 2 weeks, I start noticing about the Friday or Saturday a little stiffness and feeling achy and know its time for the next dose. 
I have experienced a lot of pain, burning &amp; stinging on the injection site. I have learned what works for me is to lie down."
"I am very happy with this medication. I dropped a table on my big toes 3 years ago and damaged the growth matrix (and nail bed). I didn&#039;t realize this also caused a fungus infection which contributed to ugly thick yellow flaky nails. For years I just sucked it up and thought my nails were ruined permanently. After so many years I saw the nail was separating almost 2/3 from the nailbed and I became worried I&#039;d lose my nails. Went to my doctor and she prescribed me Jublia and only 2 months in I see a healthy nail growing back and also reattaching to the nailbed! It will take probably another 6-8 months maybe a year but I am so happy it&#039;s working. I only wish I had done this earlier! I am lucky my benefits cover it 100%. No side effects so far"
"I came down with the flu while traveling for work, and a local clinic wrote me a prescription. The Dr told me it wouldn&#039;t make me feel better but rather shorten the duration. I figured might as well try it. I&#039;ve stopped after 3 doses - awful diarrhea and nausea. I&#039;d rather let nature take its course than go through what I have for the last 10 hours."
"Hi, everyone!  Well, I have been on the Depo on and off since I was 18 years old.  Frankly, it has been the best birth control method for me.  My period stopped completely and I gained no weight because of it. I&#039;ve been off of it now for exactly a year. I began to spot within the month I was off of it and only skipped the January cycle; by June my cycle ranged from 25 to 30 days, and by now to an avg of 25, which is normal.  This month, however, I have experienced breast enlargement and soreness, along with weight gain from 6 days before my period started.  My doctor says that might be a sign that I may start ovulating on my own. The only negatives are the bone density loss and the length of time it takes to become fertile again."
"I found Ritalin increased my alertness and concentration. I rate Ritalin 2/10 as I find it increased my depression, from which point I stopped taking. Unsure whether the Ritalin interacted negatively with my usual small dose antidepressant Cymbalta or if increased depression is an unreported side effect."
"It was okay during the first six months. Then I gained a lot of weight, had really bad depression with suicidal thoughts, my body always hurt. It does it&#039;s job, but there&#039;s a lot of unnecessary side effects."
"I have had post-infectious IBS for about 9 months. I couldn&#039;t go to work, I couldn&#039;t eat, and I had severe abdominal cramping and diarrhea several times a day. I lost about 10lbs (I&#039;m underweight to begin with, so this was troublesome). My gastroenterologist prescribed nortriptyline and Bentyl (Bentyl for intestine cramping, which I was able to stop taking once the nortriptyline kicked in), and I was back to nearly normal within a week. After several months of thinking I was healed, I stopped taking nortriptyline and my symptoms returned almost full-blown within a few days. Now I&#039;m back on it and I feel fine again. I have had no side effects, except a little drowsiness when I take it (though I take it before bed, so it&#039;s not a problem)!"
"Just a few days and I see the improvements. I too have been wearing heavy makeup and can&#039;t wait to stop. You can get the prescription filled at Costco just over $100 with membership. I initially went in to the dermatologist thinking I would end up paying for expensive laser treatment and was relieved to only have to spend $100. This prescription works a whole lot better than hydroquinone on its own."
"I really do not like taking medications so I probably don&#039;t monitor it like I should. So far I have had no problems develop but it works effectively and side effects are minimal. Some cuts barely bleed while a small scratch may take awhile to stop depending on where the cut or scratch occurs. I have found that Coumadin regulates better than other warfarin but costs considerably more. "
"The Hep C was a total surprise to me . Discovered when my Doc ran some routine bloodwork . I had been tired for a couple years and lost some weight , but I chalked it up to getting older , I&#039;m 67. 
  I have absolutely no clue how I contracted the disease .
   The gastroenterologist told me I had likely had it for 25-30 years !  I have some liver scarring but no Cirrhosis .
  I&#039;ve only been taking Harvoni for a week and I swear I feel better already . My energy level is improving along with my general feeling of well-being . 
 So far , NO side effects whatsoever , except for the good ones . 
  I am so grateful to the powers that be for this miracle drug. And thankful for my doctor finding it before I had any serious problems ."
"I have been using it for a week combined with Aczone. I am already seeing results! It does however make my skin really dry but I will take that over acne."
"Used for 4 months .. no improvement. My insurance covered the first prescription. Requested a refill and my insurance covered $290. The remaining balance was my responsibility .... $1,000K. No joke. Is this pharmaceutical company smoking something? LOL. I promptly refused the refill and will find another alternative."
"Female age 35 with history of kidney stones. Went to ER for kidney stone pain on a Friday, was given a shot of Flomax and a prescription to take daily. Saw urologist and received CAT scan on Monday - one 5mm kidney stone in ureter and two more (one in each kidney) to come. On day six of Flomax and going to stop taking it - feeling very dizzy, nauseous, tired with chills/low fever at night. Still haven&#039;t passed the stone but can&#039;t take these side affects. Doctor said I can go back on Flomax anytime if my kidney stone pain comes back and I need it to help pass this stone."
"I&#039;ve been on Sronyx for about 2 years now and I love it. I trust this birth control and it has decreased my blood flow during my period. I used to have extremely heavy blood flow and extreme fatigue during my period. After I started Sronyx my period is light and I don&#039;t cramp as bad as I used to. I did see a change in my mood but I have managed to control it and not display the moods that I feel."
"I started breaking out for the first time when I turned 20 years old.  It was terrible, cystic acne and I tried everything before going to the dermatologist.  When I finally did, I was prescribed Aczone and Retin-A.  During the first three weeks, my skin got worse.  All my cystic acne rose to the top and turned into white heads.  My skin also become flaky at the same time from the Retin-A.  I wanted to stop and give up, but so glad I didn&#039;t.  Now my skin is almost completely clear and it&#039;s been 6 weeks.  Please don&#039;t give up on this treatment.  Continue to use it as your doctor prescribed and you will see results.  I still have some redness but overall my skin is smooth and I finally feel comfortable in it!"
"I have had classic migraines for 25 years. For the last 15 I have been using Inderal as a preventative. For the first 10 years it reduced the number and severity of my migraines significantly from 1 or 2, 2 day long attacks to a cluster once or twice a year. Over the last few years more frequent migraine like headaches have been developing as often as 3 or 4 a fortnight (without aura or vomiting) leading me to seek new prevention options. However, I&#039;m fearful of discontinuing Propranolol incase the more severe classic migraines return and disrupt my work even more than the headaches do. I think every migraine sufferer who can use it should give Inderal a go. I haven&#039;t had any problems with side effects in all these years."
"I was allergic to Dorzolamide which made my eye&#039;s itch and redden all around the eyelids, Dr. changed me to Cosopt that has no additives and the itching and redness left! I use them daily with no problem for Glaucoma :-)"
"I&#039;ve had problems with my periods forever. Oral contraceptives were not working for me. So, I talked with my physician about IMPLANON and was astounded with how painless the process was! It worked like a DREAM! coming from someone who used to have cramps so severe and bleeding so extensive this was heaven, until.. the &quot;spotting&quot; happened (over 7 months later) I had heavy bleeding for weeks. Yes, weeks. It would stop and I would give it another chance. After the 3rd time this &quot;Spotting&quot; happened, I had enough. I had it removed. If it works for you, I am so glad."
"I first reviewed this in November 2010, (see past comments). I have since had ALIF surgery (anterior multi level fusion l-3, 4 and 5), and am feeling better everyday. I have been prescribed every painkiller in the book for the past year and a half, nothing provides the pain relief with minimal side effects that Nucynta does. Nothing. In the hospital I was injected with 2mg morphine every 3 hours plus oxycodone every 4 hours and was a complete zombie. Left the hospital, took 100mg Nucynta and received the same relief with no ill effects. It&#039;s been 2 weeks. Now taking 50mg 3x daily."
"I get particularly bad pain, occasional numbness and lack of motor control in my hands and feet due to quite severe Raynauds. It makes many ordinary tasks like getting out of the sea at the beach incredibly difficult, dangerous and painful. Thankfully my introduction to this wonderful medication means that my attacks are much less frequent, and my partner has remarked at the noticeable sudden warmth in my usually cold as ice hands and feet. The only real drawback is that without a satisfactory amount of food it collaborated with my naturally low blood pressure to make me feel faint, it does not mix well with alcohol and it does not seem to prevent emotion based attacks. None the less, I can carry on living my life normally with it."
"Horrible I&#039;ve had my period for 8 months still have it after getting my first shot in November 2015."
"I started taking Cymbalta approx. 4 weeks ago.  Its a miracle far as I&#039;m concerned. I have low back pain, fibromyalgia and increasing anxiety disorder.  Within 4 days I felt immediate relief from pain all over. I haven&#039;t felt this good in years. I am also on Lyrica and am going to see if I can lower my dose or even discontinue it and see if I&#039;m still pain free. My anxiety is starting to lessen now as well. I don&#039;t have many side effects, mostly more tired so I will take it at night.  Definitely try it. It&#039;s worth it!"
"Took this for allergies and to help me sleep.  I had the best sleep I&#039;ve had in years, BUT I was so groggy and hazy during the day that I stopped taking it after 2 nights.  This certainly works for allergies (no more sneezing or itchy-watery eyes), but I wouldn&#039;t take it if you have small children or a day job.  I had such a hard time keeping my eyes open at work."
"I have had depression from age 12 and am now 40. I have used all SSRI&#039;s, Welbutrin, Effexor, etc., but would have to quit each one due to various side effects. Buspar &amp; Xanax helped but weren&#039;t strong enough. I was fed up! So I quit all depression medicines for 3yrs (not advisable!). I became more depressed than I had ever been in my life. I went back to a doctor and he put me on Viibryd. I was sceptical! But he explained how it was different. So I tried it. I used the gradual dose increase and I had bad nausea but it did eventually pass as long as I took it with a high protein breakfast. That was my only side effect. I have been on it for over a year and have never felt this well! I do get withdrawal symptoms if I miss a dose but to me it&#039;s still worth it!"
"Soma is very effective as a muscle relaxant and I sleep much better when I take it. No nightmares, just better sleep. Helps muscle pain and tension. (I have Fibromyalgia) I also have taken it for acute back and neck pain and it is quite wonderful. The only downside is I swear I am starving when I&#039;m taking Soma like I never feel full, I&#039;m sure I would gain weight if I took it long term. It also can be difficult to stop taking it if you&#039;ve taken it for a month or more, the body builds up a dependency. Short term for me though it is a wonderful medication,"
"I took Plan B about 36 hours after unprotected sex. I literally was SO scared I would get pregnant and googled everything on Plan B way to much. I&#039;m on birth control but hadn&#039;t been taking it at the same time. I had symptoms throughout that, I was paranoid was pregnancy symptoms like random cramping, lower back pain, and sore breasts. But exactly 3 weeks later, today, I got my period. It is a few days later than when I usually have it, Don&#039;t worry, it works! Trust it."
"I started this medicine in June. I lost 29lbs on it. I got to the 3 on the injection and started with the sickness. Stopped using this. I went to the Dr and told him what was going on and he recommended that I start back on the lower dosage. So it is August 20th and I started back over. So far so good"
"I had this birth control in for about 6 months. Getting the birth control in doesn&#039;t hurt a bit, mine bruised pretty bad afterwards. I spotted for about 3 and a half weeks after I got nexplanon put in my arm and have not bled since! I did though have CRAZY mood swings and always felt really bad and said sorry after but that doesn&#039;t make it okay. I was so so irritable and annoyed at every single thing. I was so unmotivated when this was in my arm, I went to the gym 4 times in 6 months and I used to go everyday before. I was tired all the time and felt exhausted after 4 hours of work! Lastly, I was hungry, to the point of feeling sick, every 3 hours if I didn&#039;t eat! I didn&#039;t bleed after the first month, but it wasn&#039;t worth it for me!"
"I started Nuvigil 250 mg in the morning, two weeks ago after being diagnosed with narcolepsy. I went from sleeping all night and basically most of the day with extreme napping before the Nuvigil to no naps at all. I don&#039;t even feel sleepy. That is a plus.  The first three days were a miracle! I was alert. Colors seemed brighter. I felt focused for the first time in years.  Slowly, I started having afternoon side effects of a dull headache. I feel &quot;car sick&quot; and jittery, and my skull feels actually numb to touch. I hope this subsides soon or I may try halving my dose of 250mg."
"I took Plan B step one 8 hours after a broken condom incident that happened while camping.  This was my second time taking the pill - the first time I took it I got horrible side effects -vomiting and nose bleeds and a 2 week long period. 
This time taking the pill I didn&#039;t experience any side effects and I was pretty worried it didn&#039;t work. I had a day of heavy bleeding a week after taking and nothing else (I guess this was my period...)
I got my period a week early the next month and it was much heavier. 
Overall, it works! Don&#039;t stress yourselves out ladies."
"I been taking Lotrel over 6 years now. I am not showing any side effects at all. As a matter of fact, I feel great. Lotrel has helped my high blood pressure."
"I started Complera and Tivicay in July 2015 after 10 years without meds (VL 8,000 &amp; CD4 450 when I started), and switched to Odefsey and Tivicay in May 2016. I didn&#039;t realize how much I&#039;d appreciate taking the smaller Odefsey pill every day.  The first few months on Complera, I often felt cloudy and got tired easily. I suspect that was a side effect. I don&#039;t really have that issue now. I was reluctant starting meds due to possible side effects, but actually my quality of life improved. Without meds I had daily upset stomach issues, but those disappeared immediately after I started.  If you&#039;re on insurance, be sure to get the Gilead co-pay card.  It&#039;ll cover your deductibles and co-pays."
"I have been taking 50mg of Zoloft for a month now. At first I was nauseous everyday and wanted to stop so bad. I stayed with it and I can really feel a difference. I seem to be able to think more clearly and just in a better mood altogether. I have suffered from major depressive and extreme anxiety disorder since about the age of 13. I&#039;m almost 32 now and for once I actually feel good. This speaks in volumes for those that know me. I&#039;m not sure if I will need to increase the dosage ever but for now the 50mg seems to be the magic happy pill I&#039;ve been looking for my whole life. Also I may be one of the few but it seems to have increased my sex drive. Weird huh!"
"So first off I have generalized anxiety, panic attacks, worry 24/7 etc. At first my doctor prescribed me Lexapro and worked great for 2 months and then started getting depression, and all my symptoms again. Also all I wanted to do was sleep then sleep some more and so on. So my doc switched me to bupropion HCL ER XL 300mg and only took two days to start feeling the effects, from the switch. I feel better already, can actually focus and get out of my head, have energy, feel great, and have interest in hobbies I once had. Felt very little anxiety today but so far I feel like I&#039;m getting my life back! Also take Buspar but only started taking it a few days ago so hopefully all goes well!"
"Amoxicillin is the drug of choice by my doctor/dentist from tooth infection to bronchitis.   It always works for me with no problems or side effect. Except for the last two times I was on this med I notice I&#039;ve been having headache and I feel really tired and feels like I have the flu, my throat is sore and itchy and I want to keep coughing and my back feels cold inside.  I know now for sure  it&#039;s the amoxicillin and will inform my Dr.   My ear pain is disappearing so its fighting off my ear infection  and my hearing is back to normal.   But I will definitely finish this round  even with the side effect im feeling, because not being able to hear properly had freak me out and is a scarier prospect"
"My 4 year old takes 0.5mg dissolvable tablets twice a day. It has helped a little with sleep, but more with aggression.  The pharmacy changed it to a off name brand, he&#039;s aggression got 3 times worse. He&#039;s doctor switched it to name brand and he was back to normal. I was told that this is common with some off brands. We can&#039;t believe there&#039;s that big a difference."
"Thank you all for the reviews! Got me through a lot of stressing! Plan b works! Ladies at first it may seem like forever! I had unprotected sex and had to wait almost two weeks late for my period to come on! At first I had a brown discharge and this morning got my period!"
"My doctor has just switched me from Atripla, with Sustiva in it to Darunavir. The bliss of no side effects is wonderful. I do not mind taking four tablets rather than one if it gives me back a quality of life which, after 3 days, Darunavir does.I can now sleep, eat, and function under Darunavir. Would recommend to anyone experiencing problems with Sustive/Atripla to consider this drug."
"It saved my baby. I was was showing signs of miscarrying because of my hormone levels. I took this for 12 weeks. The bleeding stopped the next day and I now have a healthy little girl!"
"I have PCOS and my gynecologist recommended that I take Yaz or Ocella. I took Ocella about a week, but after feeling numbness in my arm I decided to look up reviews on Yasmin, Yaz, and Ocella. I was horrified. I stopped Ocella and my PCOS started to get worse so I searched for medications that were good to treat PCOS. Yasmin had awesome reviews from people with PCOS (not so much for those with out it). I read allot of reviews and found that most people can tell a difference btw Yasmin and Ocella. I don&#039;t have insurance, but to me the price is worth it! I&#039;ve lost weight, have my period again which makes me feel normal, my breast have only slightly gotten larger but don&#039;t hurt, and my skin only breaks out when I&#039;m on my period."
"Got it in Feb. &#039;13(19 yrs) bc I had really heavy periods. Seen a lot of mixed reviews about insertion pain. I did not feel anything during insertion &amp; only had a slight achy pain in my arm after for a week. If the procedure is done right, you should notfeel anything. If u do, tell your Dr! I had maybe 2 or 3 days of spotting &amp; after that nothing!! I&#039;ve always had depression/anxiety so honestly can&#039;t say either way if this is normal. I have gained a significant amount of weight since, however my dr pointed out that I had been rapidly gaining weight before(thanks college!). I ALWAYS had perfect skin &amp; now I struggle badly w/ acne so this could have been a side effect. Just remember, every women is diff. discuss the decision throughly w/ ur Dr."
"I take 50 mg of  Zoloft  and  3 x 2mg  Xanax a day  and  1 Adderall XR 30mg. I was so depressed at one time before I got on these medicines. "
"I had my mirena inserted 3 weeks ago on the 28th. The procedure itself was probably the most painful thing I have ever experienced, however the doctor had a hard time getting my cervix to cooperate so it took longer than most. I was on the 2nd day of my period when I got it inserted and when I went in it was fairly heavy and I had really bad cramps. Literally since the day of insertion my period hasn&#039;t ended. It is extremely light, some days barely even spotting, and I haven&#039;t needed to use a tampon or anything since. It is kind if a nuissance but after reading many reviews and talking with friends I feel like it will be worth it in the long run. Do some research yourself as well as talk to your doctor about options before making a decision"
"My doc said, &quot;let&#039;s try sulfafalazine &quot;.So we did, and I&#039;ve been on 1000mg three times a day. Don&#039;t even realize I have Crohns disease most of the time. (Recommended).  There is that other part where everyone gets a different reaction thoe.....
."
"One of the most effective antibiotics that I&#039;ve ever taken. Cured pneumonia with 103. 1 grade fever after only one day after starting using medicine and without any side effects. I take 500 mg twice daily for 5 days."
"I have been on this for 2 weeks. Absolutely no effect AT ALL! Nothing but abdominal pain and bloating."
"I have trouble staying asleep.  Doctor prescribed belsomra @ 5 mg. Fell asleep as I normally do,  woke up 90 minutes later just like always.  Took another 5mg, fell asleep,  woke up every hour,  on the hour.  No effect at all. 
And I&#039;m not withdrawing from ambien,  I haven&#039;t tried any rx for insomnia."
"I am new to Loestrin and so far I am satisfied. The main reason why I started birth control was because of painful menstrual cycles. I have only been on Loestrin for 2 weeks, but so far so good. I was hoping for a little help with increasing the size of my breasts, but so far nothing. Hopefully this works for me and for everybody that is taking Loestrin!"
"I have been taking the 2.5mg dosage of amlodipine for 4 months. The first month, I experience no side effects and pressure went from 140/80 to 124/70.  By month 2, my vision became a little blurry and my osteoarthritis worsened in my back and fingers. I am still trying to work through this with exercise and massage. My doctor thinks I should stay with it a little longer. I actually felt better with the high blood pressure!"
"I have been taking prozac,going on week 2 now. 
The symptoms are almost unbearable.  My stomach gets upset,can barely eat. I can&#039;t even sleep at all. It&#039;s like I am tired...but I can&#039;t sleep. And I feel tired all day. The one thing I can&#039;t stand...is the light headed feeling,and I am shaky all the time. It gets bad.....
I&#039;m about ready to throw this medication in the trash. The symptoms are almost as bad as my anxiety attacks. In fact...it makes it worse."
"I have taken Effexor on and off for nearly ten years for depression and anxiety brought on by a sudden traumatic situation.  It took a week or so for the side effects to disappear when I first started.  I felt so well that I weaned myself off it which took at least a week with side effects.  I have done this twice thinking I was very well and able to cope which I do when I take the medication.  However, I have come to realize that I need to stay on it and my husband now understands that it keeps me well, happy and balanced.  If I miss a tablet I feel quite nauseous and a bit unbalanced even though I only take 75mg once a day.  I have come to realize that there a lot of people out there, including many high profile people who need Effexor."
"Well, I did not get pregnant. I started this birth control on January 1st of this year and have been on my period ever since. It&#039;s now May 4th and I&#039;m still bleeding heavily. It&#039;s not even spotting, it&#039;s just a full-on period for five months. I have spoken to my doctor multiple times and he said that it should stop but apparently it&#039;s not going to do that. On top of this, I have become extremely depressed and stressed out as a result. I just switched to camrese and I do not feel depressed anymore, though still stressed but that could be from the never ending menstruation. Literally the only good thing that has come from mononessa was the avoidance of pregnancy"
"I am allergic to Fosamax. My doctor gave me an Atelvia sample to try and I found I had no side effects from this medicine. I credit this to its time-release function."
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq almost 4 weeks started June 26 2015 212 starting weight. I have not lost a lb I can tell my appetite has decreased a lot. Doing the gym thing as well but will go the twelve weeks to see if I lose any thing. Will report next 4 weeks."
"I am currently on my last week of the fist month starter pack. During the first week I had dropped from a pack a day to two or three cigarettes a day. I have currently been smoke free for over a week and a half. I have no desire and the smell is terrible. The strange dreams cause me to lose a lot of sleep and the nausea has been very bad, causing me to cut my pills down to half a 1mg twice a day. My boyfriend is also taking the pills and after day three became very irritable for a while and has now leveled back out. Other than that he is doing well and has had no other side effects."
"Been on it for about 4 years.   Very little side effects.  Maybe some lower back pain but I have terrible mets to bones almost everywhere that I could hardly tell if this med adds to pain.   No other problems.  I have been getting it for so long that they cut it back to every three months about 2 1/2 years ago.  Worried about necrosis to the jaw."
"I&#039;ve been on enbrel for about 2 years now. I can&#039;t go out in the sun because of the rash i get all over my chest and back ( side effect of enbrel)  I never had any eye problems until I started using enbrel, now I need new glasses about every 6 months ( side effect of enbrel) . Do the benefits outweigh the side effects? In my case no! I&#039;m done with enbrel."
"Been on Victoza for about 3 months. Lost 20+ pounds. Started at .6 for two weeks then upped to 1.2 for a week and 1.8 since then. I&#039;ve tried everything to control my blood sugar. Before Victoza, I was running about 165-195 in the morning and 140-150 all day. Metformin made it higher. Xigduo made it higher and had horrible side effects. Tried a few others with zero positive results. 

Victoza worked the best once I hit 1.8 dose. My morning BS is never higher than about 110 and I&#039;m always &lt;100 throughout the day. 

The biggest thing is that it completely controls my appetite. I work from home full-time and used to snack all day. With Victoza, I have to make myself eat and I eat very small portions. I&#039;m just not hungry AT ALL. Love it!"
"I was prescribed Loestrin 24 Fe a few years back by my GYN. I only took it for about a month then stopped due to side effects such has dizziness and chest pain."
"I have been taking Adderall XR 30mg for about 7 months now and I am starting to get concerned. I started out with 20mg, but was still very impulsive, so upped the dose to 30mg. I can focus and listen really well, but I am noticing increasing negative effects. I noticed dizziness right away, but this improved after a few weeks. Then I started to notice myself constantly stumbling over words when talking. I have NEVER had that problem before. I began to get headaches every day about two months ago and it is getting worse daily. That&#039;s a big concern to me because amphetamines are bad for the liver and kidneys as it is, and now I HAVE to take increasing doses of ibuprofen just to &quot;take the edge off&quot; of the headaches. "
"Slept like a baby and felt rested when I woke up. Helped with night back pain also after MVA. Helped with depression due to having good night sleep to deal with my daily activities."
"I&#039;ve had a persistent UTI and been through 2 rounds of oral antibiotics and it kept coming back despite having had a culture done to determine what would be effective. Once the pain got bad enough that the pyridium was no longer effective, I called the doctor and begged for help while still waiting for the second culture results. They gave me a shot of Rocephin. By morning I felt 85% better. The second day, I still feel a twinge of symptom here and there, but feel soooo much better. The shot hurts, yes. But it&#039;s not THAT bad, and there is was lidocaine in my injection to help with that. Powerful stuff - so glad they gave it to me!"
"Absolutely terrible medicine!! Does nothing for pain.  Ibuprofen 800 is about the  equivalent. Not to mention constipation. Asked to be lowered from these to 5mg regular oxycodone &amp; my doc wouldn&#039;t do it. Needless to say I&#039;m in the process of finding a new doctor. If you have a choice between Oxyado &amp; anything else opt for the latter."
"I started Contrave in June 2017 with a weight of 319 lbs as of August 19 I&#039;m down to 283 lbs. I have had nothing but success with this medicine. As far as side effects go the only thing was constipation and mild hot flashes. I would and have recommend this medicine."
"I had slight depression I was told by my councillor, she had put me on this medication to try and help lift my mood while still having meetings for the councilling! Within 2 months I was down to the lowest I had ever been and attempted suicide, a few weeks after I decided to take myself off the medication as it was making me worse, I have been so much happier than I ever was while on that medication, it is such a dangerous drug not to be used for mild cases as it makes it worse in my opinion."
"I couldn&#039;t control my emotions and this has helped a lot."
"Percocet is great for relieving my chronic pain. I have endometriosis, and have tried so many pain relievers- Naproxen,  Tramadol, Norco, and MS Contin to name a few. Oxyxodone has worked best for me because the onset is fast and it is a little stronger than Norco and Tramadol. The only downside is I only get about 3 hrs of pain relief from one dose, but its a life saver when your in horrible pain."
"Tried this medication for opioid induced constipation. Have been on opioids for chronic pain issues for about 7 years. Have also had rectal cancer and have a permanent colostomy bag. This medication did nothing to help my constipation. It caused severe stomach cramping after about one hour after I took it.   With a colostomy bag you should never be constipated. I do take four capfuls of marilax daily.  This does make me have a very runny stool. It is expensive though and doesn&#039;t taste the greatest. In fact I can hardly get the Marilax down at this point.  I can&#039;t seem to find anything really to help.  I also take 4 Sennakot tablets every day.  I wouldn&#039;t recommend this medication."
"This medicine helped with my anxiety a lot. I tend to get very anxious during the night and it can keep me up at times. I&#039;m on 0.5 mg and its works great! I finally get to sleep and not constantly worry about things. Although one downside is when I wake up. I still feel sedated and tired for about 3 hours but overall a very good medicine."
"This is the only medicine that has really taken my generalized anxiety disorder away with so many less side effects. I&#039;ve had GAD just about all my life and am now 36.  I have tried Celexa, Lexepro, Zoloft, Cymblata, Effexor, Wellbutrin, Buspar and find most of them are too stimulating or make me so tired with no ambition, or feel like I&#039;m going crazy. I would self medicate and made my life even worse. I have been on Paxil on and off trying to get something that would work but the Paxil is the best for me for anxiety but I lost all my ambition, creativity, interest in just about everything. I would get so tired it&#039;s crazy. I would lose my sex drive.  "
"I&#039;ve been on Synthroid for over 15 years due to Hashimoto&#039;s Disease and also partial thyroidectomy due to a nodule.   For anyone who is on the medication and says they are feeling depressed, tired, etc. check into the symptoms of hypothyroidism/Hashimoto&#039;s disease as it may be that your medication is not at the right dose.  My doctor considers &#039;normal&#039; TSH to be between 1 and 3 while the AMA lists it as between 1 and 5.  When I am at a 4, I do not feel well and have all the symptoms.  DON&#039;T just STOP taking this medication on your own as you can have severe side effects, GO back to your doctor and discuss how you feel.  I cannot take the generics as they do not work for me.  Only SYNTHROID for me!  (I&#039;m on 225 a day!)"
"Never written a review but this product is sensational. Best creme on the market, doesn&#039;t irritate skin and very effective for preventing and healing acne. Works well on face but even better on chest/back I found. Just a few heads up. Don&#039;t use with any hydrogen peroxide based products(moisturizer creme etc) at this will temporarily turn your skin brown. Also don&#039;t apply too much at a time as it takes a long time to absorb(it will be visible for a short period). 

After using accutane I thought that was the only thing that could really help acne but this works almost as well"
"Have taken methylphenidate for narcolepsy for over 15 years with positive results and no adverse effects to date. My dosage has increased from 10mg 3x daily (1999) to 40mg 4x daily (2004) with the desired effects received, and none of the adverse effects."
"I have been taking different medicines for depression for the last 20 years.  I have tried almost everything and Wellbutrin is the only thing that has even helped me.  I have noticed only a very minor improvement but it is better than no improvement.  I was advised to take Cymbalta with it.  Even with my insurance, it still costs me $50 a month!  I tried it for 3 months with no noticeable change.  I can&#039;t afford to waste money on something that may or may not work.  I figured for that much money, this drug should be very good.  At least the Wellbutrin only costs me $10 a month and I do get some noticeable help from it."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin Fe for 6 months now for birth control and heavy periods. It first took a little bit to regulate and so the second month my period was two weeks long, but it was extremely light. I went from bleeding for 7 days straight through tampons and pads every few hours to being able to wear a pantiliner and change it mid day without worrying about bleeding through. My periods only last 3 days now and I have little cramping. I have experienced mood swings the first week I start a new month of medication and my boobs have increased in size and one is slightly larger than the other. I have had some cramping throughout the month and missed my period the 4th month. I was scared I was pregnant but other women have experienced the same issue. I&#039;ve had few issues."
"I am on the generic version of ortho tri-cyclen lo. I&#039;ve only been on it for one month, but so far I love it. I&#039;m coming off of 5+ years of depo shots, so I know my body hasn&#039;t fully gotten rid of the depo yet. For this reason, I still haven&#039;t gotten a period on ortho yet. But my mood hasn&#039;t changed, I haven&#039;t gained weight, and I don&#039;t have acne or nausea. I am slightly worried about getting pregnant because of prior reviews where this has happened on ortho, but my husband pulls out as well so I&#039;m hoping we&#039;ll be fine. My boobs have gotten bigger, which I love! They are rounder and fuller. They are slightly more tender than usual but not to the point where it hurts. Anyway I haven&#039;t been on it long but I wanted to leave a positive review!"
"Great medication, worked like magic for me.  However, the major side effect that makes me stop it is the weight gain aspect.  It makes me eat all the time and have cravings to sugar all day long.  I have been on and off Remeron for the last 5 years and the only reason that I am off it is the weight gain.  I have tried many many medications but nothing worked for me.  Remeron is the only anti-depressant that gives me back my life."
"Only thing that stops my very complex seizures- tried almost everything and it never helped + terrible side effects *UNTIL* I was prescribed this since I was a teen. Easiest on my system and no side effects."
"Difficult personal situations caused my Ativan usage to creep up to 3-4x/day. When I started being perimenopause, I was also suffering with terrible depression, which I have never had before. My GYN prescribed Lexapro, and I&#039;ve always been against taking an SSRI because of the side effects and feeling like I could just &quot;work through&quot; the anxiety, but the depression was debilitating. I forced myself to take the first pill, and the next day, I realized I wasn&#039;t under a cloud of stress anymore. It worked well for about 3 weeks, and then I was irritable and the anxiety was back. I just started on 20mg and feel optimistic. Only minor side effects: headache, some nausea the first few days, insomnia. I&#039;ve lost weight, which is a plus!"
"Pristq. Well. 
It&#039;s still early days but I&#039;d like to share my experience already with this medication. (I&#039;m only on 50mg, no idea how in the world people are surviving on 100mg). The first few days can be described basically as absolute hell on earth. The side effects kicked in almost immediately after waking up the morning after taking it (night dose). It honestly felt exactly like coming down hard off ecstasy. I had absolutely no ability to function for hours. Then the nausea, the dizziness, the headaches, the jaw clenching, out of body feeling, feelings of euphoria and depression all at once. In short it was an absolute joy! But it does get better! And it really works a treat. I find myself laughing a lot more, anxiety is half as bad."
"Took about 10 minutes to kick in. Felt like a total zombie all night, I was completely useless. The next day I was dizzy. Boo, atarax!"
"Hi Everyone I had a bad experience with this birth control. I was taking another birth control before this one. I switched to this one bc of my mood. And around the 3rd month I went crazy. I started to think weirdly I started to think I didn&#039;t love my boyfriend anymore.  And I know it&#039;s not true but it is the WORST. I went off it about a month ago and I still have the worst depression and anxiety. I can&#039;t even look at my boyfriend the same anymore and it breaks my heart. But I heard it gets better and these thoughts will go away. Remember ladies  never act when your on birth control it&#039;s not you! But this made my realtionship the worst.  So I needed a break from birth control after this one a break is well needed! 

Good luck ladies!"
"I got heart palpitations, really bad - like almost constant. I was taking the 40 mcg one puff twice a day. I switched to flovemt and all is well."
"Ive been on Accutane for 2 months.I went through random breakouts and I turned to Birth Control to help control the hormones causing my acne. It helped but not as much as Accutane could, so I gave it a shot! I have scars from my acne so I always wear liquid and powder cover up. If anyone else is on Accutane and wears makeup, the dry skin is probably making your makeup look dry and cakey!
"
"I had my Liletta put in on May 3rd this year. Keep in mind I&#039;ve never had children or been pregnant. During insertion I felt the most intense pain I had ever experienced before. I was one of the few that went into &quot;shock&quot; after having it put in. My cramps lasted the entire time I had it in and I had painful intercourse as well. I recently took it out myself and already feel a ton better. When I pulled the IUD out I noticed it was crooked instead of in a T shape. I am one of the few to have a bad experience but please talk to your doctor about it if you have any issues!"
"I frequently will experience itchiness all over my body &amp; will break out in hives and can&#039;t stop the itching despite use of topical Benadryl etc. My doctor prescribed Atarax a few years ago &amp; while it stops the itching in its tracks, I also sleep for an insane amount of time. Generally it&#039;s about 18 solid hours of drowsiness to the point I can&#039;t even keep myself awake for longer than 20 minutes. I absolutely hate it. An entire day totally wasted. I&#039;m prescribed 25 mg every 6 hours as needed although I have never had to take a second dose within 24 hours."
"Great for not getting pregnant; however, awful for cramping and irregular periods, sometimes lasting for a month. Also, I have had it for a year and have gained 60 lbs, I plan on switching. I am always very emotional on it too. Do not recommend"
"I am down 13 pounds in 10 days of taking this medication .. haven&#039;t eaten much since starting so I&#039;m pushing the fluids to keep hydrated. No exercise but I&#039;m a Mom of 4 so Im kept busy run l moving around after kids. Jitters insomnia dry mouth and dizziness are some side effects I&#039;ve had but hoping that my body adjusts to the medicine soon."
"Diagnosed with depression and started Prozac 2 weeks ago, have had one good day since. Libido has totally gone, feel zombie like most mornings, however very, very focused in the afternoon. Will continue with course, here&#039;s hoping it works."
"This is a very powerful drug. Eventually I got up to 300mg a night, it made me relaxed and I sleep like a baby."
"Im 18 years old &amp; have been suffering with acne since I was 11/12. I tried EVERY over counter spot treatment and every medication prescribed by the doctor. Some worked for a few weeks but my spots always returned. Being a dancer, I have to wear a lot of stage makeup so the doctor telling me &#039;don&#039;t wear makeup&#039; really wasn&#039;t helpful. Finally I was refereed to the hospital and prescribed a 20mg dosage of accutane for a 6 month period. I started my first tablet a month and 5 days ago &amp; I have already seen a reduction in the amount of new breakouts. The side effects have been tough already, I&#039;ve had sore lips &amp; inside my nose like you wouldn&#039;t believe, also had a bit of stomach pain recently &amp; tiredness. Will update my accutane journey in a month:)"
"I have a lot of kidney stones so I get a lot of urinary tract infections. I am on Macrobid now and it only took 3 long days to get rid of the fever and feel better. I can&#039;t take Bactrim and some others so I don&#039;t have a lot of choices, but this really worked for me"
"I started Belviq thanks to my mom. She had been taking Belviq and already lost a considerable amount of weight. I visited her doctor and I&#039;ve now been taking Belviq for 2 weeks. My cravings are almost gone; I&#039;m able to resist food and control my urges. Side effects are non existent."
"One week on Bleviq - lost 5lbs!!!   NO EXERCISE.  Imagine what I could lose if I did (which I will now that the weather is clearing)..... It makes the hunger go away and I am full off of SO little.  Its awesome."
"Currently 19 years old. Tri-Sprintec is the first birth control pill I have tried. I have been using Tri-Sprintec for 5 months now and am happy with this pill. My skin complexion is so much better, my periods are no longer irregular (however I do get spotting the week before my period), libido and weight are the same as when I started, and most importantly, I&#039;m not pregnant. However, I do notice that I am more emotionally sensitive than I used to be. Other then that, Tri-Sprintec is working out great for me."
"My son is currently 19 and was diagnosed with ADD when he was 8. He has been on many different medications with Adderall XR being the most recent. When he was in 10th grade the panic and anxiety attacks became so severe that we had to take him off Adderall. He has been taking Vyvanse (70mg)for about 2 years and really likes this medication. He does take himself off in summer for a break. Only side effect we&#039;ve noticed is high blood pressure which we keep a close eye on. He likes this medicine, the best and really has helped with focus."
"I have been using Tegretol retard 200mg for ten  years now. I made the mistake of forgetting to collect my script from my doctors for a week! I have been lucky as I did not have a seizure, but my word I have been so poorly, depressed, loss of appetite, and body tingles, from my lips to my toes. I never realized how important it is to take my pills till now. I will never make that mistake again, the 1st day I started them again, I was a ball of tears, very sad and tired, but a day later I&#039;m back to my old happy self. I&#039;ll never forget them again."
"Normally I only peruse these listings, but this time I thought I owed it to all my fellow readers to give a detailed review.  I began taking 10mg methyfolate around 10 days ago at the urging of my father, who, for obvious reasons, shares a very similar genetic predisposition toward depression and anxiety.  The results?  All I can say is wow.  Within 1 day, I felt like my internal motor that had been idling along at a 5 out of 10 had been turned up to a 10 for the first time in a long time.  I had more energy, clearer thoughts, happier disposition, appetite and libido returned full force.  My only regret is not trying this stuff sooner.  If it feels like nothing has ever really solved the problem before, please try this.  It&#039;s a miracle."
"I took Arimidex for 5 years and I&#039;ve been cancer free for over 6 years now."
"I haven&#039;t necessarily experienced any adverse physical changes since I started taking this pill. No weight gain, no change in acne, my breasts are still the same size... However, I have transformed into a complete grouch. Although no one seems to notice, other than myself, I have been an emotional wreck. One minute I&#039;m ecstatic, the next minute I&#039;m tempted to rip my boyfriend&#039;s head off. I don&#039;t recommend this pill. "
"so i am 30 years old  two kids. never been on bcp before.  i got on it to make sure not to get pregnant as i am content with just having  two kids. i have only been on it for two weeks. and it has been horrible.  been nauseous and have been having severe headaches, which i never get, and to top it off oh boy i have been EMOTIONAL!!!!has not been fun at all.  figure ill try it for a lil longer but if these symptoms continue i will not be able to handle feeling like this everyday."
"34 yo; overweight; pcos: I went to the doc for bc because my pcos was causing abnormal bleeding again. I wasn&#039;t prescribed a combo pill because I&#039;ve had migraine before and was assured Nora-Be would stop the prolonged bleeding I was experiencing. Nope. My flow increased dramatically on day 3, I&#039;ve had stronger cramps than I&#039;ve ever experienced before, my whole body is swollen (feet and legs especially), my mood and energy has plummeted, and my frustration has increased After much research I&#039;ve discovered that the progestin norethindrone is the worst kind for pcos."
"Well I had a YI about 8 months ago and decided to use Monistat 7. Yes, it burns like hell!! But only because it&#039;s working. As the days go by the burning and itching will diminish. By day 5 I hardly felt anything. And on day 7 I was back to normal. About a week ago I started with another YI and decided to use the 3 day. Didn&#039;t work. Had to go back and get the 7 day treatment. Again, it burns and itches like crazy, but because I&#039;ve used it before I know it will pass. It is very uncomfortable, but hang in there. It does work if you use it everyday the way it says. "
"I use tramadol as an alternative to triptans like Amerge and Imitrex. Unfortunately I get 20 - 25 migraines a month. I am scheduled for a meds update with my neurologist and will be giving Botox a try. I have been more concerned about the rebound issue than addiction. A one month refill lasts me more than four and on those wonderful days that I don&#039;t have pain, I don&#039;t take it. Those periods can run from 3 - 6 days. The tramadol rarely kills 100% of the pain, but I&#039;m usually functional. The Amerge and Zomig were giving me terrible stomach pain and palpitations. Tramadol has been very helpful for me without any issues. However I do make a point of regularly reviewing my usage with my doctor."
"I&#039;ve been prescribed this antibiotic many times.  I just realized that with my current course for a skin infection that I sweat profusely when I take this.  The last time 
I had episodes of profuse sweating was the last time I was on this!  I don&#039;t see it listed anywhere as a side effect, but it seems to happen to me every time I take it. "
"My docter started me on clomid five months ago and no luck. Every month I get my hopes up. I get nausea breast feel different a week before I start my period. I take a test before I start my period and always negative and then I get my period 
My docter put me on half a pill which equal 6 days starting on my third day of period.   I need advice I keep telling myself quit it and except but I truly want another baby with my husband as he wants one also I feel like a failure and I am letting him down"
"Have tried about everything for rosecea. Metrogel mirvaso lasers chamomile and finally went to get a holistic spa treatment where I got facial. She said your rosecea is bad going to use mix of rose extract oil and Moroccan oil. My redness was gone the entire day. Bought these oils online and not greasy. Not only is my rosecea under control but I have a nice healthy glow and was actually carded. The girl said I look under 40 they card under 40.  I am 50 years old. My skin looks and feels younger and is so hydrated."
"I have been on this pill for almost a year and it is the best. My periods are 2-3 days long and are so light I only need a liner. I&#039;ve had no adverse effects. I highly HIGHLY recommend this pill.  Only downside is the cost.  My insurance copay is $25."
"Took 2 pills around 7 pm at night and awoke at 6 am next morning with light cramping which intensified. I had 2 normal bowel movements followed by 4 or 5 progressively looser movements. However by this time I had developed intense cramping and severe nausea. I vomited 5 times till there was only yellow bile which burned my stomach and oesphagus but I continued to dry heave with nothing coming. The nausea was severe. Worst of my life. Gas, bloating and late night cramps have continued for 2 days after taking this drug. Effective - yes gentle - not at all, and for me not worth the lingering discomfort. Will not take again."
"I switched from Microgynon to Yazmin due to suffering from almost all terrible side effects including fatigue, loss of libido and mood swing. I have had 4 packs of Yazmin so far. At the first three months, I feel a lot better. I was happier and even had better libido. However, starting from the 4 packs, I started to have some side effects. I am slowly losing my libido and became moody. Yet, my breast seems to be bigger, had shorter and lighter period, and haven&#039;t had breast pain and fatigue at all."
"This birth control works and does its job, it&#039;s just the mood swings that have been terrible for me.  I cry all the time over nothing and I go from being happy to angry to depressed.  I feel it putting a strain on my relationship and I am considering going off it.  On the plus side, however, my period cramps are now nonexistent.  I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain or cravings (I&#039;ve always eaten a lot though so it&#039;s hard to tell!).  My acne actually got better, but only slightly and that could be due to other factors.  I just feel like the mood swings outweigh the benefits and I just want to feel better."
"I&#039;ve been on letrozole for a year.  After doing preliminary research about it, I really didn&#039;t want to go on it, but felt I had to give it a try.  The most serious SEs for me were severe joint pain and feeling frail; mood swings, and strong hot flashes.  The first 2 were bad enough that, after being on the drug for 8 months, I decided to take a break from it.  I went off for 3 weeks, then started back, but now I take it at night before bed.  I also started walking to keep weight gain at bay.  Since making those 2 changes, I&#039;ve had no more joint pain or mood swings, and I feel healthier than I have in a long time.  Still have hot flashes, but they&#039;re tolerable.  I&#039;m not sure why those changes would make that much difference, but they do."
"This medication sucks. I only experienced side effects and no benefit. I would rather spend my time looking for another way to treat my illness than to give any of these antipsychotics another chance. All of them cause weight gain sexual side effects, tardive dyskensia, tardive dystonia among other side effects that could mess you up for life.  I admit it&#039;s very debilitating at times but I would rather have my orginal problems than to be given another set of problems to replace them. If your psychosis is really bad and you can&#039;t live a normal life at all and your homeless and you scare people or end up in jail because your illness than I say take it. But if you can wait till they figure out how to make better meds than wait."
"Cipro is the only thing that gets rid of my bladder infections. It is fantastic and I ask for it whenever I get a bladder infection. I do notice that I need to take it hours apart from my hypothyroid medication, or else it decreases the effectiveness of my thyroid medicines.  But Cipro is the only thing that cures my bladder infections."
"I suffer from migraines, and although this drug significantly reduced my acid, it seemed to trigger my migraines for four consecutive days. I am disappointed that I had to get off it, am trying Prilosec now."
"Paxil literally saved my life.  I have been on Paxil since I was 26 and I am now 40.  Out of the blue, I started having severe panic attacks.  My psychiatrist gave me paxil.  From that day forward, I have not had any panic attacks.  The only reason I gave this medication a 9 out of 10 is because, I gained almost 100 lbs on it.  I have since lost 50 lbs.  It is a great medication for panic disorder;  however for depression, I would take something else."
"I am taking 900mg of lithium for bipolar and Seroquel. I was on 600mg and it made me gain 20 pounds in 3 weeks so I got off also due to high cholesterol. and I was put on Latuda last week. I threw up the 1st two days taking it and it was hell but now I&#039;m used to it and feel calm and sleep better. So far so good. Stopped gaining and now I don&#039;t care to eat as much. GREAT."
"I&#039;m 43 and have been using Frova for 8 years.  My migraines have been debilitating since puberty. I know my life could have turned out so much better if I would have had Frova in my teens and twenties. I&#039;ve lost dream jobs because of migraines, I&#039;ve had to quit college because of migraines. 
I was never dependable due to having headaches. Thank God I have Frova now!!!
It truly has changed my life!!!!!"
"This medicine is amazing and I would like to thank all the inventors and people involved in developing and commercializing this medication. I was afflicted with a pneumonia and after I started taking, I started seeing a benefit within 24-48 hours. 7 days of treatment did the job and I have myself back."
"I have High Blood pressure! It was under control with medication. I was put on Chantix because I truly wanted to kick the habit. Well! for me after about 3 days I found I couldn&#039;t lift my head off the pillow without my BP dropping (well below what was normal for me.) Others I know have had no side effects and are still smoke free."
"I have been given this medicine every year for the past 3 years when I get bronchitis. Every year, I forget about the symptoms from previous years but I am done taking this medicine. After the 3rd or 4th day, I get really bad muscle aches and the Dr&#039;s don&#039;t do anything about it. I can&#039;t sleep and will come to the point that I can barely move because of all the pain I am in. I will start remembering this from now on so I don&#039;t experience it again."
"I am 21 and I had my Mirena inserted in March of this year. I had heard a lot of scary stories and people telling me not to get it. I continued anyway and had it put it. I had it inserted 4 months after my daughter was born. I personally think that having the Mirena put in was worse than child birth. I cramped for a couple of days and then it didn&#039;t hurt anymore. My doctor told me that my period may completely go away but she said most likely it would just slow way down. The reason I don&#039;t like it is because the removal strings feel like fishing line and haven&#039;t softened like my doctor said they would. It hurts during sex. Plus I have NO sex drive whatsoever. I just don&#039;t like it."
"I have suffered from depression for years. I&#039;m 33 years old and have been on and off medications since I was 12. I was on Zoloft for years. Which worked for me, the sexual side effects really got to me and my marriage which ended in divorce. I decided to give Viibryd a try. I lasted a month. At first, it started to help. I wasn&#039;t as edgy and had more patience with my children. However I hated the way this medication made my stomach feel. I felt bloated all he time and my stomach was always making gurgling sounds. After week 4 I started to become irritable and just couldn&#039;t deal with it. I am going to try Wellbutrin now. On day two so far so we&#039;ll see how it goes!"
"I am a woman in my 40s and I weighed 290 lbs. when I started taking Belviq in Sept. 2014. Now I weigh 206. I still have a ways to go. The weight loss was fast in the beginning, but now, it is slow, but steady, which my doctor says is the best way to lose weight because the faster you lose, the faster you regain it. Unlike most diet drugs, Belviq has no side effects whatsoever. It doesn&#039;t entirely suppress the appetite, but helps you eat sensibly. I&#039;ve heard others who take Belviq say that it works best for people who live alone and aren&#039;t tempted by what family members, who aren&#039;t on a diet, are eating. I highly recommend Belviq, but only for those who are committed to losing weight."
"2006 tested positive for  R.A with low symptoms. Started with methotrexate for 8 years along with 1 tablet of folic acid - no problems.  Sept 2014 R.A. advances to severe symptoms and specialist removes medication due to effecting the liver. Primary doctor suggests using Embrel.  Used it for 6 months - no improvement.  Switch to Humira and worked for one month.  Severe symptoms are in feet, hands and neck.  Inflammation are the main reasons that these areas are effected more often. Hopefully the is something else in pill form.  Shots are painful and do nothing for me."
"I am 36 years old. I have previously been on Loestrin 24 FE then Generess FE.  My physician switched me to Minastrin and I have gained weight, I am so lathargic and tired all of the time.  I am moody and overall unhappy which I have never had in my life.  I get cramps periodically and I get spotting at random times although very very light.  This is the most horrible pill I have ever been on. I will be getting off of it immediately."
"My second time taking avelox for pneumonia.  The benefits out weigh the side effects.  I had most of the side effects associated with this medication.  From feeling extremely weak and tired, anxious, fast heart beat, nausea, vomiting, headache.
However it cleared up my pneumonia."
"I love this birth control. I&#039;ve just finished my fourth month and I no longer have periods. After month one, around the time of the two brown inactive pills, I only had very light spotting, but only one small panty liner for one day was enough. Ever since I&#039;ve taken this, I haven&#039;t had any cramps or backaches, I now have wonderfully clear skin, and my boobs actually became a cup size smaller. I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain and overall there haven&#039;t been any negative side effects for me. I love this prescription- it&#039;s perfect for everything I need it for."
"I chose the Nexplanon as my birth control in hopes of staying safe in an easier way. When I first got it I spotted for about 2 weeks. After that I didn&#039;t have a period from February 2016- August 2016. Right before I had my period I noticed I was really dry and felt as if I really was in need of having a period. Talk about period withdraws!! Literally a few days after I started feeling like that I started my period. I noticed my period was very light and lasted for a week. Then I spotted for another month. I haven&#039;t had a full period since then but sometimes when I have sex I do notice I may bleed as if i&#039;m on my period. This is my normality right now."
"I do take Cozaar 25mg four times a day. Taking it once a day did not work for me but my doctor agreed to my suggestion to quarter the 100mg size and my blood pressure has come down well. I do also take Clonidine with it. This combination has brought my blood pressure down to 128/76. I must say I am lucky in that my doctor was prepared to go along with my suggestion of using these amounts rather than larger doses. Yes, one pill a day would be great, but these suit me better."
"Hi, I&#039;m a recently divorced dad with 3 children. My entire life was turned upside down and inside out. I lost all my friends, went from being financially secure to having a 500k mortgage at the age of 47. I was living in total darkness and totally dysfunctional, finding faults, especially in my current partner and her children. My self esteem was non existent. I&#039;m taking Lexapro 10 mg a day and now I feel like I could carry the entire universe on my shoulders and could concur the world."
"I just turned 29 years old and I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 Fe for almost 8 months now and I am ready to go back to Triphasil, which I had been on for years previously. I believe it&#039;s fairly effective at preventing pregnancy, but considering I have next to no sex drive (as my husband can attest) it may be hard to tell. Also, I had maintained the same weight for years, and after being on Loestrin for 5 or 6 months I somehow gained over 10lbs with no change in my eating habits. The only positive effects were it did shorten and lighten my periods significantly."
"About 15 minutes after taking exactly the dose indicated, I fainted and cracked my head on the floor resulting in a brain hemorrhage!  Several tests were done in the hospital to rule out any other reason for fainting. The only conclusion is that I had a severe reaction to the ingredient in this cough medicine. Be careful!! Read all the reviews BEFORE taking this medicine!"
"Suboxone was great for my opiate dependence. I was using 160 mg oxy daily and really wanted to be free from its painful grip that it had on me. I tried quitting cold turkey but couldn&#039;t stand the withdrawal symptoms. So I went to a doctor and got on Suboxone. Things were great until I started tapering off of it and eventually quit. The withdrawal was not as painful as opiate withdrawal but lasted a lot longer. Day 3 was when it began mostly when trying to sleep, cold sweats, the kicks, could not sleep at all. Day 7 now and I have not slept more than 2 hours a night yet. I have read posts on other sites and everyone else has had the same problems. I hear day 10 is when it starts to get better, and that it takes about 2 weeks before its over."
"THis medication did nothing for me!"
"Medication very effective for sinus infection, some doctors recommend Omeprazole for the GI effects, it reduce highly stomach pain."
"3 weeks in and I&#039;m loving it. I&#039;ve lost 2kg and not as hungry at meal times. My side effects were: thirsty, couldn&#039;t drink enough, one night couldn&#039;t sleep for 24 hrs. Couple of nights later and I was up for 26 hrs! Everything has settled down now and I think this medicine is fantastic. I have so much MORE energy and sleeping so much better."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for almost 4 years. I&#039;ve had no luck with oral birth control. Low estrogen and progesterone only pills kill my sex drive. Higher estrogen pills make my breasts too sore. Unfortunately, I have stage 4 endometriosis and heavy, extremely painful periods due to cysts. I decided to try Mirena after surgery to prevent any further cysts. I&#039;ve stuck it out for 4 years, but Mirena is in the category of hormones that have killed my sex drive. I haven&#039;t had sex in 4 years for lack of interest. I&#039;ve realized that, although I never want to go through the pain of endometriosis and ovarian cysts again, giving up any chance at a relationship and being a sexual person is probably not worth it. But its so much easier to use than bc pills."
"I took Yaz for about 4 years.  I loved it at first.  I did go up a cup size and got a little curvier, but overall, it was great.  The last year, however, I started to turn into a monster during my period.  I got severe migraines right at the start of my period and it would last about two days.  I am not sure why the medicine changed on me, but I recently switched to Loestrin24 because I couldn&#039;t handle the mood swings and headaches any longer.  My doctor said there was no link in all of these recent changes...I had to disagree with her though because I already feel better after switching. "
"This only gets 5 stars because I&#039;m not pregnant. However, it is such a strong pill! It is my first time taking it and I will never take it again. I&#039;ve never been so depressed in my life! I don&#039;t have an appetite and I have the worst migraines. I never take medication I usually stick to natural remedies so maybe that&#039;s why my body is taking it so bad."
"I have been on Victoza for many months now, I reached the highest dose, tried that for a few weeks and developed severe Gastroenteritis, abdominal pain, flatulence and severe belching so had to go on the lowest dose again.
Now I have been taking 1.2 for two weeks and the symptoms have started again, last eve, night and today have been miserable and painful.

I am ready to stop taking Victoza completely, the discomfort is just not worth it for some weight loss and a bit better blood sugar control. I will just have to have an increase in the amount of Lantus and Novalog that I have been taking.

Discouraged with this med."
"Very effective. I had very low numbers and bad muscle aches that made it difficult to walk more than a few blocks. I considered this almost a miracle because it helped so much, so fast. I have found men hate the smell and women love it. Women say, &quot;I don&#039;t know what you have on but you sure smell good.&quot; On the other hand in a group of men, I see them moving their chairs to get further away from me. No comments, they just move. No known side effects for me."
"I love Cymbalta! I take it with 150mg of Wellbutrin XL. I am on 30mg at this time and in another week my Dr. wants me to up it to 60mg. I finally feel happy and have lots of energy. Combined with the Wellbutrin I have not gained any weight. Life is finally good again."
"I went in today for an Upper GI endoscopy and it went fine. They put oxygen into my nose, hooked me up on monitors and told me to lay on my side. They said &quot;We&#039;re going to start giving you the medication, take deep breathes&quot; I looked at my hand with the IV and saw the white propofol going in then rested my head, next thing I know I woke up and was on my way to recovery. It was as if I blinked and then I was in the room. No dreams, No sleep feeling, almost as if I was just dead during those times. Very effective."
"I found it very effective. I maintained an extremely firm erection within the 4 hour period. Side effects were occasional runny nose and like a tired eyes feeling. An unexpected side effect was increased blood flow to the area up until the next day occasionally and could get and maintain an erection."
"Im 30 yrs old and have 1 child who is 8, This was worst pain ever after insertion I could barely drive home/walk! I even took ibuprofen 800mg an hour before my apointment ,had to stop at CVS on the way home to get Tylenol extra strength to add to the ibuprofen BC that alone was not doing anything! Finally went away 30 min later I had it done on June 1st and been bleeding ever since it did lighten up a little then went away for few days but yesterday it came back really heavy! Im guessing I have my period? Also had cramping yest but today I have breast tenderness,nausea,and a migraine! Also the few days when I was not bleeding my boyfriend and I had sex and he says he can feel the strings and for me it kind of hurt. I pray this gets better!!"
"My rheumatologist had me on a very high dosage, so much that I had to pay for two seperate scripts at the pharmacy. I guess so many people do have a positive response to this med, my doctor thought increasing the med mg would result in symptom improvement, however that wasn&#039;t the case. I hated (that&#039;s a strong word for me) Cymbalta. I was told I acted like another person while on it and not in a good way. Even though I strictly followed my pharmacist and doctors directions when tapering off if this med, I still had severe withdrawal during and after reducing the mg. I even called the doctor and pharmacy because I was so concerned; I all but went to the emergency room in the beginning stages since I had never had withdrawal symptoms before."
"Hello, I was on Risperdal for 3 years, I switched to Invega just over a month ago and am already losing a good deal of weight, I do sometimes get restless but I accept this as the price for not sleeping 17 hours a day on Risperdal, my appetite is normal and I don&#039;t eat huge portions anymore, my energy is up and I can actually feel emotions fully again, for the first time in a long long time, would recommend giving this a try to anyone - just remember some people get different side effects, for me this also took away sexual side effects that were limiting my relationships."
"I started taking this medication about 6-7 months ago. The first (and only) side effect I experienced while taking it was drowsiness; it made me extremely tired to the point that I was sleeping 12-14 hours a night, I would wake up exhausted, and around noontime I would have to take a 1-2 hour nap. Overtime, my body adjusted to the medication and I am no longer tired on it. Overall, this medication has helped me significantly. I had a manic episode associated with bipolar disorder, and psychosis along with it. Geodon helped clear my mind, and it has given me virtually no side effects. I used to take it three times a day with food, then I dropped it to two times a day, and now I only take it once a day. I take this medication for bipolar."
"I&#039;m on my second month of nexplanon and i think there are a lot of pros and cons. i love the fact that i don&#039;t have to take a pill every single day, and that i am protected as far as pregnancy goes. however, I&#039;ve had a lot of the negative side effects. I&#039;m already spotting, which is normal but somewhat frustrating. i&#039;ve also gotten more acne since starting it. i already have stomach issues, but nexplanon has messed with it a little more. but the worst part of it is my mood. i suffer from general anxiety disorder and have bouts of depression and it seems like since starting it&#039;s all gotten worse! 

however, i&#039;m going to keep using it and work through the stuff, because i do feel protected."
"After having a spinal cord injury, I was placed on very high doses of Pxycontin.  The &quot;long term&quot; pain management plan was for me to continue on Pxycontin and at some point move down to Percocet.  Indefinitely I guess.

Oxycontin made me feel horrible.  I just wanted to sleep all the time. The pain wasn&#039;t as bad, but then again, nothing else was either...I was a walking zombie.

I was finally referred to a doctor that had used Suboxone to treat long term pain issues.  Within one week of starting Suboxone, I felt like I had my life back.

I was able to wean down to a dose that works for me, and have no plans of discontinuing use. "
"I am a former college football player who has had narcolepsy for years. I have been on Provigil for over a year now. I started with the lowest dose possible and after 3-6 months am now on the highest dose possible. The medicine has little side effects for me which is great except it curbs my appetite a bit. But I find my body has become immune to the medicine as the impact becomes less and less. I take 4 pills a day and even though I am not falling asleep as much and wasting the day away, I still have no energy. When I am sitting there awake I&#039;m just useless. I don&#039;t want to go on an amphetamine but this medicine just isn&#039;t working to well for me."
"Makes me feel like I have Hay Fever. Dry sinuses, dry eyes, and dry mouth. I have had chronic insomnia ever since I was 9. Tried Zolpidem but it only works for 3 hours, Lunesta only for about 1.5, Xanax (worked for a while but found myself becoming dependant), and this which not only doesn&#039;t help me sleep for jack but also makes my wakefulness even more unpleasant. Tried dosages from 50mg to 250mg. Gonna ask my doc about Zolpidem ER. This stuff sucks."
"Just starting day 3 tomorrow.Seem to feel better already, but very cautious. Have anxiety tho and take Ativan .5 mg, 3   times a day that helps. With all the good rerviews, I am very  hopeful. Wish me luck."
"Very bad expirience! 
appeared redness after 1 day of use, more than it was before. I will never use it again!"
"I was prescribed 10 MG for my anxiety and panic attacks and to help me sleep. I like to use it when I just need to clear my head after a stressful day (don&#039;t take that the wrong way- I don&#039;t abuse it) to help me get to sleep. It usually puts me out pretty soon but latley it hasn&#039;t. Don&#039;t know what&#039;s up with that.."
"I&#039;ve been on 200mg for 7 months now, yes you can tell a difference. Makes the constant thinking diminish a little, especially under pressure. Ask you doctor if sertraline is right for you. "
"I&#039;m an avid outdoorsman who loved to smoke. Loved the taste and smell since I was 16. I&#039;m now 42 and smoked off on for all those years. This deer season was a life changing experience for me when I found myself really struggling to drag a deer out of the woods. I had never had problems before but I could hardly breath and felt like I was going to die. I had made up my mind right then and there to quit smoking for good. I made an apt to see my doctor and have a physical and talk about Chantix. I started Chantix nearly two weeks ago, smoked the first week when starting it. I am now 5 days smoke free. Still get mild cravings from time to time but they pass generally quick. I have had no major side effects other than a little restless."
"Have battled post traumatic osteoarthritis for years. Over the counter medicines not too effective and I have been through all of the other classes of prescription pain relievers. My doctor prescribed Nucynta (synthetic opioid), made me feel tired and most of the pain was still present. Finally switched me to Percocet, it is absolutely amazing. Although there is some pain occasionally for the most part it is gone and I have much more energy and my depression has lifted. I have also found that most doctor&#039;s resist prescribing it and take you through round after round of various pain medicines. With Percocet, I found that it works and I can finally take control of my pain. My days are filled with more vitality and enthusiasm."
"I am 22 and I&#039;ve had this implant for maybe 3 months, and it&#039;s horrid. The first month I had heavy dizzy spells, I couldn&#039;t walk without holding onto the wall and felt nauseous. I bled maybe about a week after and countinuously been bleeding heavily. It stopped 3 times for about 2 days and started up again immediately after. My sex drive is completely gone, I&#039;m bloated all the time and am a bit lazier than usual. Will get it removed next month."
"I took Meridia in 2000, I lost 60 pounds in 6 months.  I had no side effects, the only thing I noticed was that my tastes changed, I didn&#039;t want the fried foods or the sweets.  I never knowingly changed my eating habits, it just happened.  I have to confess, in the nine years I have gained 40 pounds but I can pinpoint the cause of each group of weight gain.  I gained 10 pounds undergoing chemotherapy for breast cancer (they say it is due to eating comfort foods...like a bowl of ice cream every night for the eight months I was undergoing chemo and radiation), 10 pounds when I had shoulder surgery 2 years later and 20 this 2 years ago when I quit smoking. I am considering going back on the pill as I am a firm believer that it works."
"I have had Type I insulin-dependent diabetes for 39 years and took Invokana for over a year.  My A1C came down only a few tenths of a point, and I experienced drastic swings in blood glucose and ketoacidosis.  I stopped taking Invokana 2 months ago, but my hair loss has continued and has accelerated since discontinuing its use."
"This was the first pill my doctor perscribed me when I started on birth control and I only took it for one month because of the side effects.  I had spotting the first week, acne worsened and my moods were absolutely uncontrollable.  During the third week of my pack I cried every day at little things that would normally not phase me. I stopped the pill before I even finished the month because of how out of control I felt.  This was not a good first experience for me and made me skeptical to try any other pills."
"I have always had painful and heavy periods, I mean soaking through 8 super tampons AND 8 super pads a day, I was often dizzy from the pain. I have had cysts on my ovaries and my uterus for as long as I can remember. About a year ago my breasts became extremely painful, there were really large masses that would hurt so  much that nothing could make the pain stop. In 2 years I had 3 mammograms. I figured it was just something I would have to deal with the rest of my life. I got a new Dr who diagnosed me with Fibrocystic Breast Disease and started me on this medicine 4 months ago. It has helped me SO much! I have lost my insurance and can&#039;t seem to find anywhere that assists with the cost of this medicine. It&#039;s expensive."
"So. I tried typing my whole story but there is a limit on this text box. SO. I had it placed when I was 16 in 2014 at planned parenthood in Tacoma, WA. Placement was intensely painful, but only it did only take about 10 minutes (including measurement and placement). I had a 6 week period (last two-ish weeks were just spotting) but since then I have not had a period except for very occasional light spotting after sex (only if I have sex more that once in a day) and it only lasts an hour or so. I absolutely love my mirena. I will FOR SURE have it replaced when my 5 years are up. Although I have heard that I should play it safe and have it replaced at 4 or 4.5 years. I am sad that there are so many negative reviews because this is truly a life"
"For 8 years I was on Aviane. Had horrible cramps, breast soreness awful mood swings, weight gain (at least 5-7lbs), and very odd periods (some would be heavy heavy, then the next month barely anything).
Not too long ago, the pharmacy gave me Lutera instead for no reason. Questioning on how good this was, I was very nervous. My first week on Lutera, I lost those lbs, felt happy (like a weight has been lifted), no cramps! My period was light, short, and cramp free! I had NO MOOD SWINGS.
Then, the next month, back on Aviane...worst breast tenderness I have ever felt within the first few days back on it! Cramps returned. The next month: Lutera.
After that...Aviane.
Now, I&#039;ve finally on Lutera...for good! This is the best."
"I used to have panic and anxiety very bad, for many years I self medictaed with illegal drugs. Finally, at 29 yrs old I wearily went to a doctor who gave me klonopin and an anti-depressant. In one hour I gradually felt all the panic go away, anxiety was gone. I really smiled for the first time, the world was great. I was contemplating suicide a day before I was prescribed klonopin, this drug saved my life. I continue to take it 1mg twice a day with lexapro 20mg. My life is good and I am happy, but now my mental health doctor reads that benzo medication &quot;may&quot; lead to dementia,etc. So now she wants me to stop taking it, she says she does not want her name on anything linked to her prescribing benzos. Now I must detox? Find another Doctor!!"
"It knocks me out for at least 12 hours and the drowsiness lasts days. I am completely unable to function the following 2 days. It messes with my mood as well."
"...If I could give this a zero, I would. I started taking Sprintec when I was 18, and I took it religiously-never missed a day. It switched to Previfem when I was 22, I think. The long and short of this review is, now I have a two month old baby. Remember that &quot;never missed a day&quot; thing? Yeah, that continued well into my unknown pregnancy... As did my period. I took note of feeling like garbage, gaining weight around my stomach, not being able to handle smells I had always been around and figured I might as well take a test, and it came out positive. By the time it was confirmed, I had already been pregnant for three months, which is too late to terminate if you or the baby&#039;s health is not in jeopardy. So yeah, not that great for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Tri Sprintec for a year now. I got it for a few reasons, first to prevent pregnancy obviously, and to regulate my periods. Well, I have no issues with this pill except it gave me migraines. I always got at least one migraine a month right before my period. As I started taking this birth control I am not up to about 8 migraines a month. Every time a new week started in the pack, I would get migraines. After a year I went back to my doctor and we just switched to another birth control."
"In the past six years I have had three sinus infections.  This drug cleared it up in a short time with no side effects.  I suffer from IBS so my GI doctor recommends this antibiotic as it is more gentle on the GI tract. He also told me to take one Florastor probiotic capsule each day and to eat yogurt with active cultures  Have had bad results with Augmentin &ndash;  gave me raging diarrhea. Levaquin has some really serious side effects and affected my Achilles tendon. I don&#039;t notice vile taste - tongue burns, mine are vanilla flavored. If the size bothers you, tell doc to order 250mg size and take two. I had palpitations and anxiety tho and rapid heart beat for a while but could have been from Bentyl. Not sure."
"I started at 3 mg and had no relief. Up to 6 mg, no relief. My psychiatrist upped my dose to 9 mg and it seemed to be the magical number...for now. I&#039;ve taken ALL of the antipsychotics out there, from the old generation and even Clozapine. I&#039;ve had varying success. This one is working. I am actually not hungry at all and haven&#039;t gained any weight. In fact, my appetite has lessened. But I have a wonky physiology."
"Have been on Saphris for five weeks now. Aggitation has stopped no more headaches and the racing thoughts have stopped as well. Still hypo manic and cycling but mood has improved and less anxiety. Very glad to be on it."
"Took it for a month and experienced horrible side effects. Constant cramping out of nowhere, painful sex, zero sex drive, swollen, extremely tender breasts, mood swings, anger and aggression particularly,  some depression, constant fatigue, bloating, and an irregular period after years of it being regular. Had to stop taking it to get my sanity back."
"I have used for my multiple allergies and asthma pseudoephedrine and tripolidine since 1972. I have experienced on occasions prostate swelling, minor sleepiness, etc; however, its benefits far outweight its side effects. For several years I have used one 60mg/30mg tablet a day and it has managed my classic rhinitis. The combination pseudoephedrine-tripolidine has proven superior to all other combinations (I have tried them all) across the years. Now, it appears the med is drying up (pardon the pun), possibly from the meth freaks misuse and now we must all suffer for their predatorial rechemicalizations."
"My experience with buspirone is that it gave me horrible headaches, but on the occasions I don&#039;t get a headache, I REALLY like the way bispirone makes me feel- chill. I was on Zoloft &amp; lexapro and all those did for me was make me nauseated. W/ buspirone, iwould break the tablet into .5 &amp; sometimes go up to 15, Even with food and water intake. 
Anyone else whose had this experience w/ buspirone, please share your story whether it&#039;s similar or different- would love the feedback. 
&amp; anyone with the same head ache side affects, how do you go with treating that?
Also, If you&#039;ve had success with taking buspirone &amp; Xanax together or within the same day, please advise

Xo"
"My body was wrecked with anxiety and depression. I thought I was going to lose my mind .Five days days on paxil and I&#039;m a new person"
"I am a 21 year old, no kids, I was on the pill for a couple years- absolutely nothing wrong with it except for that fact that I hated worrying about taking it every morning (especially on trips, weekends, staying over at my boyfriend&#039;s house, etc) such a hassle! So I got Mirena in about 3 weeks ago. I absolutely love it so far. It was semi-painful to insert, I felt cramping for a couple hours, and very tired all day long but woke up the next morning and felt almost 100% normal! The cramping and expected bleeding/spotting stopped after about a week and I literally have noticed no side effects since. Also, I have dropped 5 lbs I believe due to the lack of hormones from the pill, so I&#039;m back to my normal weight! Love this and would recommend to all."
"I have had the Implanon in since March 2010 and I absolutely love it! I have a 10 day period every 1 1/2 months, my libido is up, I haven&#039;t gained weight (if I have it&#039;s from overeating) and I don&#039;t have cramps. I have started to have really oily skin on my face which has caused acne but nothing I can&#039;t handle. Overall an awesome experience!"
"I took one as stated on the box approximately 9pm. I have been sat on the toilet since 3 am with the most excruciating stomach cramps and worst diarrhea I have ever had. "
"Effectiveness I assume is fine. I had the implant inserted October 2016, but at age 45 I&#039;m not fond of the 2 week cycle/spotting, 1 week of nothing and back on to spotting. I took birth control pills for years and my cycle would run 3-5 days every 28 days like clock work. I didn&#039;t have an issue forgetting to take them cause I took them when I took my other meds. My doctor was concerned more about blood pressure/stroke possibilities.  This birth control though is not for me. I was told a few months of bleeding then nothing at all. Its been 7 months and 4 phone calls and I&#039;m beyond frustrated. Made an appointment to have it removed next week. Disappointed to say the least."
"I have been in pain every day for the last three and a half months due to automobile accident and spondolysis. The pain landed me in the emergency room a couple of times.  My primary put me on this yesterday, and I slept last night. I can feel my injury this morning, but it doesn&#039;t hurt and a pain free day is a fabulous thing. I&#039;m going to hug the doctor the next time I see him."
"Please do not fret, the pill worked great! I experienced practically no symptoms whatsoever. All I read about were complaints of side effects, which annoyed me because this was the main reason why I was so scared. Three days after my period ended (which lasted from May 14-20) my boyfriend and I did the bad thing without any protection. (May 23) He admitted right after that he unintentionally came in me. I took the Plan B pill 1.5 hours later. For four days I experienced absolutely no symptoms, except for one morning in which I woke up with a small headache. That fourth night (May 27) a little brown discharge started, then for two days I had a mini brown/red period. After nothing for one more day, I got my real period! Positive experience!"
"Completely takes away my anxiety but distorts my memory a bit."
"I had liletta placed in February 2016. It was very painful. Heavy bleeding for two straight months . then my period became lighter and regular. Its is now October 2016. 8 months after having it placed I found out I was 6 weeks pregnant with the iud still in place. I got the iud removed right away."
"My worst problem with this pill was the weight gain. 15 pounds in 2 months. No change in diet and I have been excercising more - another issue was the breakout bleeding for no reason. I had one month where I had a week of bleeding (7 full days ) then 7 days off, then another 7 days of bleeding - again for no reason, pill taken at the same time daily, etc. I am going off of this after 4 months. I think everyone reacts differently but my doctor said this pill specifically did not have these side effects and I think I could deal with the insomnia ( although annoying) but unfortunately I cannot afford a whole new wardrobe and the weight gain is unacceptable."
"I was on Junel Fe for 6 months. From the very beginning it made my acne horrible. I normally never have acne except for the week of my period, and then it will only be like one or two Whitehead&rsquo;s. But the entire time I was on this pill, terrible terrible acne all over my face. After being off Junel for a month my face is totally clear and back to normal. 

I stopped this pill because of the breakthrough bleeding I was having. It felt like I had to wear a light pad all the time because I never knew when I was going to bleed and sometimes the spotting was heavier than just spotting. Super annoying. My MD said it was normal, wait 3 more months. Welp, after 6 months no change so I switched pills. Didn&rsquo;t really decrease cramping either."
"My doctor just proscribed this medication a few days ago for major depressive and bipolar disorder, and I already feel better. I don&#039;t feel like I am about to explode. This medication is a blessing to me and my family. I can actually play with my kids again, which I&#039;ve done everyday since being on Viibrid. I love it. I just wish it would help me sleep. I don&#039;t wont to jinx it but I haven&#039;t even had the bathroom problems everyone&#039;s talking about."
"This little pill saved my life. I fell off a roof 14 years ago and been on Norco for 6 years and they have been great I can almost work normal, I&#039;m an air conditioning man. I can perform almost all my tasks, great pill. Would recommend for anyone."
"I fasted for 30 hours prior to drinking Gavilyte-N.  I walked a 5k race the night before my colonoscopy. Got home at 9am, had the Gavilyte chilled in the refrigerator, I was thirsty from the exercise. I pounced 8 glasses of the jug one after the other because I was thirsty and I didn&#039;t want to be up all night. Started working about 45 mins later."
"I was prescribed this after about 7 years of chronic acne on my face, shoulders, chest and back since I was about 11. Every face wash and diet change did nothing to help it. I wish I&#039;d taken doxycycline sooner, it&#039;s absolutely amazing. I started noticing less redness and bad pimples after about three days, and it obliterated the ones that were already there. After 2-3 weeks, I only had a few blackheads and even those were few and far between. Really great stuff. Been using it for 3 months so far.

I&#039;ve had no nasty side effects (apart from dehydration in the morning sometimes) up until today when I forgot to take it with food (oops!) and experienced about 20 minutes of severe stomach pains afterwards.

Overall, brilliant stuff."
"Can&#039;t even explain how bad this made me feel.  SERIOUSLY thought I was dying.  Chills...Sweating ...throwing up...I actually passed out on my bathroom bath. My chest pain was so bad I thought I was having a heart attack. No desire to eat...I&#039;ve never had a problem with meds like this before in my life. Never again. I took it for 2 days and stopped.  Be cautious."
"I have severe anxiety and this drug made me depressed to the point of hurting myself and thinking about suicide. I&rsquo;m not a depressed person, I&rsquo;m usually a happy go lucky person. Everybody reacts different but that was the worst 3 weeks ever."
"My husband takes this Fycompa along with Zonegran and Lamictal.  He is slowly coming off the Zonegran since starting.  Hasn&#039;t had a seizure since he started 2 months ago but he has turned into the biggest Ass you have ever met.   Told him the other night I think I might prefer the seizures over his personality change.  I hope this levels out soon.
I told him we should call it Fightcompa!"
"My doctor wanted me to take statins with 225 cholesterol.  I didn&#039;t want to (63 yrs old).  She then suggested 500 mg of Slo-Niacin twice a day with a baby aspirin.  I started it but in a few days I was terribly constipated.  I backed off to once a day which helped.  Then I started taking potassium iodine (kelp) and the constipation problem is completely solved - better than ever as I&#039;ve always been constipated - probably slow thyroid.  Anyway, when I was taking the two Slo-Niacins a day, I felt 20 years younger.  Going up a flight of stairs felt like walking on a flat surface.  Now one a day so I only feel 10 years younger.  I went on a hike yesterday where I walked on a steep path for 45 min and it was like flat again.  "
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about four years now. When I first started taking it, I did gain about 15 pounds or so. Other than that, it has been good. My periods only last 2-3 days and they are light enough that I can wear a small tampon or a panty liner. I had three ovarian cysts burst before taking Loestrin and since I&#039;ve been on it, I haven&#039;t had any cysts burst. I would recommend Loestrin, except for the weight gain."
"Okay, so I started taking this to assist me in quitting tobacco. You do have to WANT to quit but a lot of people have the effect where one day cigarettes taste like licking a dumpster. My brother quit overnight due to this effect alone. Now as for me I was hoping so bad that would happen it hasn&#039;t and I&#039;m still smoking but I&#039;ve cut back and now I realize this drug has made the nicking go away completely; now it is all habitual. My husband smokes so it&#039;s around.......he&#039;s going to quit next week. I went on a 7 hour airplane trip with my sleep deprived toddler. Absolutely no nicking; this drug is phenomenal in that way. I&#039;m hoping the taste effect may still happen for me. I&#039;m losing 6 lbs a week though. I do have GAD also."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and I got the birth control implant months ago. The first 2 weeks were horrible for me my arm was sore and itchy and just in pain. Yes the implant does really effect your emotions I found myself getting sad or mad really fast, and cried for no reason for the first weeks. Other then that it&#039;s great! Don&#039;t feel it at all in my arm works 100% !!! Everyone needs to stop complaining about it, I mean it&#039;s messing with your hormones I&#039;d expect it to make us emotional, everyone&#039;s experience is different, my sister got the stomach flu her first week. If you&#039;re really light in weight your period should be light and probably not even come. I just spot, but then again it&#039;s not 100% that you&#039;re not gonna get it or it&#039;s gonna be light."
"I have been using this medication for almost 12 years (50/12.5), my blood pressure was ok and most of the periodical blood analysis I made were ok, never had a noticeable side effects. For almost  10 days now, my BP is 150/100 and is not decreasing although I am taking the medicine. The work doctor said that my body might have adapted to the medicine, so I am seeing a specialist today to see what to do.."
"I am a graduate student who has never had children and got the mirena because IUD&#039;s have the highest rate of success (especially over time) for birth control. The insertion was painful (pain scores 7-8) but I slept for a couple hours after the procedure and when i woke up the pain had subsided to a 2-3 (out of 10). I had very light spotting the first couple of weeks, but have not had a period since the insertion (I had the device placed early June 2015). I have noticed some moderate back acne and slight weight gain, but I am unsure whether those can be attributed to other life circumstances at this point. If the weight gain continues I will write another review, but at this point my experience has been great."
"I have been getting the shot for a little over a year now. At first I loved it. I never got a period, no mood swings, a little weight loss, it was amazing. The only thing I am considering switching for is that I got really bad acne. I asked the nurse that gives me the shot if that was from the shot and she said no it does not cause acne, but I never had acne like this before. Other then that it was great."
"I have been on Trulance since July 16. I have nerve damage in my stomach (gastroparesis) and rectal nerve damage from type 1 diabetes. I have a very hard time having a BM. I was on Linzess and then on amitiza. They gave me diarrhea at all times of the day. I also have fecal incontinence. Could rarely go out of the house. Trulance is like a miracle for me. I take Trulance and within an hour I start going. I go about 5-10 times in the next 1 to 2 hrs. I have a mixture of solid and diarrhea when I go. I think because there is solid with diarrhea I am able to control it until I reach the bathroom. When this process is over I can go about the rest of the day until the next pill. I am happily able to go away during these times with confidence."
"My 6 yr old son began having flu symptoms on a Saturday afternoon after having been exposed to the flu earlier in the week. He began taking Tamiflu Saturday evening. That Sunday he had a low grade fever most of the day and felt achy and rundown but was still active. By Monday he no longer had a fever, was eating normally and it was as if nothing had ever happened. He said that it tasted bad but he did not experience any unpleasant side effects."
"I should be on 93 mg but she started me on 40 mg to see how I react.  She told me it worked from the inside out and that any acne that was on its way would still come but at some point it would get better.  I waited for whatever was already coming and I had basically nothing appear.  I hate using lotion but have been using cetaphil lotion in fear of what may happen if I don&#039;t.  I have noticed a little drying on my chin but have been able to contain it using the lotion.  My lips have been the only real side effect.  After 14 days I have noticed a change to the amount of blackheads.  By 11 PM each day I have very few which is amazing.  I still have a long way to go."
"This drug is a lesser known gem.  I had taken various other NSAIDS and Narcotics and Etodolac is the only drug I have stayed with since IT WORKS.  No real side effects that I am aware of.  AND it is inexpensive.  I have degenerative discs, spinal stenosis and arthritis.  My back pain is constant without taking this drug.  While taking this, my pain levels are drastically reduced and I am way more functional.  I convinced two other family members to talk to their doctor about Etodolac and they too have had great results.  This is a no brainer to highly recommend."
"Worked masterfully for me."
"I used to swear by this stuff... until today! I woke up this morning and thought I was beginning to feel it. I immediately went to the bathroom and put some on just in case. I reapplied a few times after realising it was definately a cold sore coming on. I usually can use it and they never fully develop. Not this time... this thing has exploded in blisters all over the right side of my top lip and this is the most painful one I ever remember having. Every time I reapply takes the pain away for a short time but then it&#039;s back with a vengeance!! I&#039;m not sure if because my lips were kind of chapped maybe it was able to take off or its a real aggressive one this time or my body is used to abreva and its lost its super power?"
"I had a rough start with this IUD, but I have no kids, a small figure, and had been on the pill for 5 years. I was given a cervix softener and 800 mg ibuprofen, but I really don&#039;t think they helped me. Insertion was very painful and I almost passed out. I had to lay at the doctors office for a little over an hour to recover before driving home. I was still in a lot of pain and my doctor was nice enough to give me a muscle relaxer. A lot of pain and nausea the first two days and then that subsided. I spotted consistently for 3 weeks and have had occasional spotting since then, but no periods. I do have increased acne, but I expected that when going off the pill. Not needing to worry about birth control for the next five years is amazing."
"I have been on this medication for over 4 years now. I was able to go to Nursing school and have been working in the field now for almost 2 years. I&#039;m less anxious, I don&#039;t get frustrated. I&#039;m calmer. I did gain almost 60 pounds. This has been an issue for me. I also noticed that I&#039;m not in tune as much spiritually which is an issue for me. I stay on the medicine because I have never functioned as well on anything else. I don&#039;t cry much, seems like my emotions are hidden somewhat. I&#039;m not sure I like that. I have thought about getting off of the medicine for a while just to see what happens, but afraid of what might happen, so I continue to take it. All in all it has been a good experience."
"I&#039;ve been taking Stribild for two months. My viral load is undetectable but I have had two noticeable side effects. The first is severe diahrea that lasts for several days, then clears up only to reappear several days to a week later. The second is very vivid and wild dreams."
"Day 9 of Trintallex. Have seen glimpses of normality but have still been highly unstable and dysfunctional. Side effects include: little bit itchy skin, headache, ringing in the ears, agitation/hyperactive at times. I know I&#039;m early in the process.... This is extremely difficult. I&#039;m considering getting the DNA testing to find a more suitable med if I don&#039;t see harsh improvements in the next couple of weeks."
"I started on the 10mg but still had a lot of pain for 4 weeks. So now my Dr started me on the 15mg and now I am pain free. Love love love it. "
"Great..was a life saver"
"I love buspirone for anxiety attacks I&#039;m on 15mg three times daily, I have taken nearly every medicine for anxiety there is but this one is the jackpot not a single attack since a week after I started taking it.. Big 10 stars I know Med&#039;s work different for others but this is the good one zero side affects I don&#039;t know I even take it except I&#039;m not freaking out ..."
"Never again. It worked during my cruise however since removing the patch I&#039;ve been suffering from dizziness, nausea and vomiting. I cannot keep my balance. I have been out of work for 3days."
"Holy hell.... The inside of my vagina is twitching with itching!!!!!!! What the hell happened to the ovule?! I&#039;ve had NO problem with the egg and now this shitty cream? No wonder they give you cooling wipes. It&#039;s like it&#039;s burning your vagina! This is terrible. I really hope this flushes everything out because your vagina is like the opposite of a toothpaste bottle. Once it&#039;s in, you can&#039;t take it back. This sucks......"
"It was the first time I used birth control pills with Ovcon35. I didn&#039;t have any side effects from it at all."
"I had a Cough, runny nose, allergies, Then lungs got congested and major wheezing. Normally I will just take cetirizine when its allergy season, but this time my chest was in play. I looked all over the house for my bottle of Mucinex. Couldn&#039;t find it. I suffered for a couple of days with a nasty cough and gook in my lungs trying to sleep and make it through the day. After realizing I left it at our 2nd home I headed for the store. Bought the 1200mg time release (1st time), usually, I would get the 600mg. Within an hour the wheezing stopped. I am writing this comment because it works fabulously for me. I have told many of my friends and it has worked for them. Not one complaint. When I have chest congestion I will always take Mucinex. It truly works. For those that say it doesn&#039;t work, I find that hard to believe."
"I was just diagnosed with an under-active thyroid last week. I thought I was just so tired all the time because I was getting older and had gained some weight.  Within a few days of taking the medicines I felt like my old self. I felt like I was 21 again.  I had more energy than I&#039;d had in years and was in a good mood [who know?!].  I never attributed any of my problems to a medical condition, but if this keeps me feeling the way I am now, I couldn&#039;t be more grateful."
"I&#039;ve been taking Percocet 10/650 for about a year due to a neck injury.  I take my medication as directed.  I don&#039;t take extra no matter how much I hurt.  I&#039;ve done therapy and injections.  I&#039;ve bought special chairs, keyboards and mattresses.  My doctor does not recommend neck surgery due to the low success rate.  

Percocet does not give the relief it did in the beginning. "
"Works very quickly! Prefer this over any other brand."
"I&#039;m a female in my mid 20s with mild acne, mostly around my jawline and occasionally right over my eyebrows. I was prescribes Ziana about a month ago by my dermatologist.  I had previously been using Finacea.  With Finacea, I still had the monthly 2-3 deep pimples that took weeks to completely go away.  After starting Finacea, I have only had ONE pimple on my chin that went away in a few days. I did not experience the &quot;purge&quot; my dermatologist warned me about. That may be due to the monthly facials I have started to get, but I&#039;m not sure. I have noticed a drastic difference in my breakouts and skin overall. I have not noticed a difference in my acne &#039;scars&#039; or pink/reddish brown marks left from previous breakouts, but I will wait and see."
"This birth control is trash. Do not take especially if you have suffered from depression in the past. I was extremely irritable and snappy. The mood swings like I am crazy.  Please avoid if sensitive to these things."
"I&#039;ve spent over 500 dollars on different face washes, acne toner, home remedies and nothing worked! I went into the doctor because my spots were causing me discomfort and after being diagnosed with mild acne I was given this gel! Started out on this product last night and having applied it once last night and twice today as prescribed I&#039;m already noticing the swelling of the acne going down. I&#039;ve noticed no more acne or spots appear! This product so far does make your face some what dry, and itchy, but I haven&#039;t experienced peeling! I&#039;m definitely sticking this out, so far I&#039;m impressed as its been the one thing to so far give me hope!"
"I love it however I did have a few problems with it. During my first pack I had my period from day one on the pill, till I started the second pack. Now about to start my third and I don&#039;t have my period at all. Can&#039;t be pregnant, I&#039;m always very careful but just don&#039;t know where it went. Other than that, I absolutely recommend it."
"Fantastic. I use to suffer with nasty migranes that would leave me in bed, in too much pain to even cry. I use zomig rapi-melt 2.5mg. It takes between 20-40 mins to work, at any stage of the attack, and clears all symptoms."
"I was skeptical that a topical application would be effective. I&#039;ve used Biofreeze my chiropractor recommended which was OK but not great.

Got a generic form of Solaraze from the pharmacy in a pump dispenser which makes measuring the gel quick and easy.

My mid back aches vanished after the first application.
Left hip pain disappeared after first application.
Lower back pain has eased so I will continue to apply until the pain is further reduced and hopefully eliminated.
Once my low back is better I&#039;ll apply on my right knee and neck.

I have multi-level degenerative disks with some stenosis.

Had back pain since my 20&#039;s, now in my mid fifties.

This is one of the most effective treatments to date."
"Had the implant 1st may 2015 and after two weeks I have become a complete mess. I&#039;ve had extreme headaches and tiredness. Massive acne out breaks but the worst was the mood swings. I would find myself ready to kill my other half over silly stuff and then sobbing uncontrollably in the next minute. I also had pain when I moved my arm. I also had a real job to get my doctor to take it out! I&#039;ve had similar reactions on other types on contraception so knew what it was. I appreciate it works wonders for some people but for me it was a nightmare!!"
"I have been dealing with major depression and terrible anxiety for the last 40 years. I had tried at least 6 different antidepressants, none of them really helped until one doctor put me on the nefazodone. Within 3 weeks what a difference, the relief, the sadness the anxiety, the panic feeling all lifted. This medicine pretty much saved my life. To this day I still take it. It&#039;s a wonderful medicine. I hope they never take this off the market."
"It has given me great relief."
"So I started saxenda March 5th 2017 and it hasn&#039;t been a week yet but let me tell you these side effects are AWFUL. I&#039;ve woke up twice now vomiting,  I have to eat every bite incredibly slow to make sure I don&#039;t get sick from that bite, nausea, vomiting, sweating. I will definitely give this a go anyway and take my nurses word for it that the side effects will pass. I haven&#039;t been able to take my weight yet so I&#039;m not sure how much I&#039;ve lost. Good luck people it&#039;s pretty rough in the beginning. By the way I&#039;m taking this because I am an autoimmune disease patient and had my thyroid removed"
"I am 57 with sporadic edema, and was given this drug because I asked for something less powerful than what I was taking.  2 days later, I was in the emergency room, having difficulty breathing and racing heart rate with almost no exertion.  Symptoms went away a day after stopping the drug.  Perhaps my physician mis-prescribed this but it almost did me in.  Awful reaction."
"I had three treatments of Bendamustine and rituximab for indolent follicular lymphoma. It seemed to work well on the lymphoma,  which has not completely gone, but after the third treatment I developed shortness of breath. It took doctors a month to diagnose it as rituximab induced lung disease (bronchiolitis oblivitans). I am now  permanently and severely disabled, unable to walk more than 10 feet, extreme difficulty in caring for myself. I am 55 with no other medical conditions, three months ago I could run, ski, and enjoy life. This drug destroyed the quality of my life and created complications for fighting lymphoma. The doctors said it was safe. I was not told about the serious and potentially fatal side effects."
"I started this medicine for weight loss...I have type 2 dm with PCOS. I started adipex on 10/30/15. My weight was 260lbs and was very unhappy. My first week on this pill I lost 10lbs and the next week I weighed in a 245lbs  15lbs in two weeks!!! 
Its amazing results. I had major side effects ranging from headaches, upset stomach, diarrhea, blankness and heart racing, I stuck with it and only thing I have a problem is the diarrhea and upset stomach....I weigh myself tomorrow for the third week...the energy I have now is unbelievable...I&#039;m really happy I chose this..."
"I bled very heavily for a month straight after getting it. It was awful. Now I&#039;m not bleeding at all but I&#039;m gaining weight. I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"I had kidney pain . Back back. Pain that went down to my leg and I couldn&#039;t sleep. Thought it was from maybe over drinking so drank a lot of water but 7 days later of eating only vegetables and fruits and taking cranberry juice and anti oxidants I went to the doctor . After my first pill the pressure was gone and after the second pill (500mg) the pain was gone. It works!! No side effects other than slight nausea but that&#039;s nothing compared to one week of pain and sleepless nights."
"My wife was placed on Rytary and was doing fine.
We switched doctors, and she was taken off Rytary and was give Sinemet and she went down hill to the point we had to cancel a vacation. We switched her back to Rytary, and will not go back. 
If you have Parkinson&#039;s, try Rytary, you may do much better."
"I have had high anxiety disorder for as long as I can remember...I have taken many things for it and the only relief I get from it when it is unmanageable by meditation is ativan...I was recently prescribed vistaril and after 8 days and serious side effects have stopped taking it.  I have arythmias and this medication made them worse. I would not recommend this for a gone with any kind of heart issues.. .bad drug"
"No dude it doesn&#039;t work. I&#039;ve been on it for few months. No it doesn&#039;t work for anxiety. It helps the shaking part. That&#039;s it. Doesn&#039;t work for depression either. When I was on it I hurt myself and was thinking about suicide. It didn&#039;t stop my racing thought. My OCD is the same. Man just no. I gained 40 pounds in 2 months just with 250mg. It&#039;s the worst medication of its category. I was on Zyprexa before but besides the horrible weight gain at least I was doing much better. I hate this medication. Do not take it people. It makes you fat doesn&#039;t help at all. No man just NOOO. I&#039;m going back to Paxil 30mg and Zyprexa 7.5 mg which work so much better. Bye SEROQUEL."
"I returned from India and started having terrible diarrhea within a few days. It continued for two weeks before I went to the doctor. I lost 14 pounds in two weeks. The doctor also gave me cipro. Within 12 hours my diarrhea stopped and I started to feel better. To me this is a miracle drug. I am not sure how must longer I could have gone without being admitted to the hospital."
"It took 3 weeks after I saw the improvements of my feet. I&#039;ve been suffering from this every time my feet gets wet especially on rainy days but after I have Lamisil, tinea pedis doesn&#039;t exist anymore!. Thank you Lamisil!"
"Awful...was on it for 3 months made my asthma worse...I think if your ige levels are lower than 700 than maybe it could work, but for me mine were so high it didnt. Luckily I didn&#039;t have enough to pay buy it cost 10k a mo and I had to spend every other week at the dr"
"I&#039;ve been using this drug for the past three days. Not only is there no improvement, my eyelid is now so swollen that I can barely open my eye."
"I had been on Strattera for 8 years. It did great but within last year things seemed to change. I thought it wasn&#039;t working due to my memory and concentration but now being off for about a month realize it was doing a lot. I am now having headaches lack of motivation loosing temper easily etc. My family and friends see a significant change in my behavior. (Negative change). Concentration and focus have always been an issue on and off medicine so I just have to work harder with it. Also realize it takes more than this medicine to really have success."
"Just had Toradol injection for very painful wrist tendinitis. My belly is killing me. Can&#039;t tell if my wrist is better because all I can concentrate on us my tummy pain. I am not sure it isn&#039;t worse than my wrist pain is/was. Gosh I hope this stops soon!"
"Hi!  I have been on this medicine for only 2 weeks and I already know that its the best thing that could happen for me.  I wanted to post so others know that the benefits of Saphris are real in my case.  Perhaps peoples side effects are from other medicines/withdrawal from other medicines??...     I was on olanzapine but I continued to have unclear thinking and my weight gain over a year was astronomical. I live in Australia and its a subsidised medicine here, it is truely the lucky country and Im so very greatful,  this medicine is changing my life."
"I struggle with PTSD and being able to relax and fall asleep and stay asleep at night due to my anxiety and PTSD. My problem with most sleeping meds is that they tend to give me awful nightmares (my whole point of taking sleeping pills is to relieve those nightmares) so others haven&#039;t been effective. This medication on the other hand has helped me a lot. I have pleasant dreams and no side effects. I don&#039;t wake up if at all in the middle of the night. If anyone else has these same issues I do I would recommend it for sure."
"I have been taking Tri-Sprintec for one month. My family and friends think I have gone crazy because I cant stop crying. In the middle of places I just burst out in tears its so embarrassing, because there&#039;s nothing wrong. My face is so broke out with acne from this pill. I just hate reading all the side effects and worrying all the time. I wish I could find something perfect for me."
"I&#039;ve just finished round 4 of Avastin /doxil.. I have developed painful swelling of my fingers with blisters. Is there any treatment for this? I also have mouth sores. I take L-glutimine, gabapentin and cymbalta. I&#039;m in agony and feel as if I&#039;m being tortured.."
"Not as scary to give youself an injection as everyone seems to think: needles are very tiny, takes a quick minute so. No having to sit upright for 1/2 hour or other limitations. Had no side effects - have used it for 16 months."
"I previously did a review on Nuva Ring about a year ago and I have to say my opinion hasn&#039;t changed much. It&#039;s very easy to use, my skin is clear, my periods are much more tolerable, I have gained about 15-20 pounds within the last year, but I was only 105 lbs, so I look healthier and my breasts are a lot larger. A couple things I&#039;ve noticed is that my breasts are extremely tender and my sex drive is unfortunately VERY low. Still a very good, effortless birth control."
"I just started taking Wellbutrin XL 300mg recently after being off of it for almost a year. During that year I found myself dropping my kids off at school and coming home and sleeping all day. I stopped taking it because my insurance would no longer cover the brand name. After being on and off of this drug for many years I can tell you there is a HUGE difference between generic and brand. When I took bupropion I was very short tempered, irritable and my hair started to fall out! This is not listed as a side effect and my doctor and pharmacist also assured me this is not a known side effect. After some research I found many women have hair loss on bupropion. For me its worth the $ to pay for brand name."
"I was applying it nightly at first and realized it was causing my skin to peel a lot. Switched to using it every 3-4 nights and exfoliated my skin every morning. After about a month I was able to put it on every night with no peeling issues. I also started only putting it on my problem areas (acne scars) rather than my whole face. Flash forward 3 months later from my first night using it and my skin looks GREAT. You have to be patient and find a regime that works for you. Yes, your skin will peel at first..but you can also use it sparingly so your skin gets used to it. You don&#039;t have to torture yourself and use it every night at first. Start slow but keep a schedule. I put it on once a week now. I&#039;m happy I stuck with it!"
"I got my Nexplanon in May of 2015. I have had unprotected sex twice and have not become pregnant. I have noticed, however, that my period is so unpredictable and can last almost a whole month when it comes but is reasonably light. I wear a pad a lot to ensure I don&#039;t have an accident. My depression and anxiety have gotten worse but I&#039;m not completely sure if that is because of this birthcontrol. I lost weight which wasn&#039;t bad. I have so far liked this birthcontrol and will continue to use it till I&#039;m ready to have a child"
"Haven&#039;t been on a pill in 8 years... Since I started it 5 w ago I&#039;ve gotten acne, stomach pains, cramps but most of all, I am angry, sad, all symptoms of PPD. I have history of depression and that makes it highly common to experience depression of signs of PPD as on the side effects list of Nora Be. I will never take this again, I have a cloud over my brain, I yell at my children, angry at my husband for having freedom to leave without 2 kids, anxiety, paranoid. My family doesn&#039;t deserve it and I don&#039;t deserve to feel this way just to prevent a 3rd child."
"I have had the Mirena for about 2 years now and have had nothing but problems with it. My hair is falling out. I have gained weight. I don&#039;t want to have sex. I&#039;m depressed I now have anxiety attacks. I haven&#039;t had a period since getting it but I would rather have one then be moody all the time!"
"I&#039;ve been on Levora for about over a year and a half now. I&#039;ve come to the conclusion that this pills side effects are awful. I get nausea, mood swings, stomach pain in the mornings, gained weight, increased acne. Not for me. However I&#039;m not pregnant!"
"Great for congestion but I haven&#039;t slept for several days.  I even stopped the second dose and took the pill at 7am, fell sleep normally but wide wake by 2am...fourth night like this but I am hoping to avoid sinusitis by taking this."
"I choose this form of birth control because I was on the minipill but was tired of taking a pill everyday and wanted something asI didn&#039;t want a baby. I had mine inserted May of 2015. I had spotting constantly since implantation but I was told that was normal and would go away. Unfortunately it made my acne worse than it had been in years and I was put on new medication ( there goes me not taking any pills). Once on the acne meds, I had my period every week for five weeks! Went to the doctor who gave me estradiol and spironolactone to counteract the progesterone in the implant. Got on  antibiotic from dermatologist to counteract breakouts. In now in three pills, two creams and am miserable, still spotting, and hate this birth control."
"Ask for the black cherry, the taste is better by far. It is the only medication that has helped me and I do not feel hungover in the morning nor have I gained significant weight as I did while taking Seroquel. Happy to have a medication that has few side effects and leaves me able to function."
"This was the first medication I was prescribed once I was finally diagnosed with vulvodynia. I have experienced a tremendous improvement after two weeks of taking this medication. I was originally started on 10 mg with no relief after 2 months of use. My doctor increased it to 50 mg last month which has really worked. My personal regimen includes  50 mg amitriptyline at bedtime, Estrace topical, B complex vitamin and alpha lipoic acid. My pain went from a 7 to 2 in a matter of two weeks. It makes me constipated, so use fiber supplements daily. I was very drowsy initially, but you will adjust in a few days. Exercise and a healthy diet has greatly decreased the side affects (sleepiness, weight gain, constipation) associated with this drug."
"I&#039;ve been on Tivicay for about 5 months now.   I have more energy and no common side effects except for two very important ones to me.  

The first one is the &quot;wasted look&quot; on my face.  I began to notice this a about month a go.  My cheeks have becomes more hollow, I&#039;m terrified to think what they&#039;ll look like a year or two from now.  I just don&#039;t want to be prejudice against for having HIV. 

The second problem is my liver.  My recent blood test showns that it&#039;s 50% above normal.  I don&#039;t drink, smoke, I don&#039;t know what to do now.  I don&#039;t want to end up having to go to dialysis weekly."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for approximately for 6 weeks and in the first two weeks I was getting cystic acne- the worst ever ! The acne was occurring mainly on my chin, around my nose and above my lips. Now I&#039;m getting acne on my forehead, as well as weird cravings (which I have never experienced before). My skin looks far worse than before and much like a cookie."
"Novolog pen does not glide well when giving yourself a shot. The medication worked well for me with minimal side affects. I have been on it for 2 yrs, but my coupon has expired &amp; I cannot afford it now."
"Our pediatrician suggested using this after our now 12 year old with eczema had a very bad case of diaper rash, weepy and bleeding. We have used it ever since for diaper rash. It is better than anything we&#039;ve ever tried and we&#039;ve tried them all. We recommended it to anyone who asks. Usually clears up even the worst diaper rash in 24 hours."
"I was Started on Vicodin, 6x a day, in 2003 for a traumatic lower spinal injury, that never healed properly.  Over the next 4 years I ended up taking 2-3 Norco 6x a day, and that wasn&#039;t cutting it. I started suffering from Radiculopathy which is debilitating, and ended up seeing my Pain Management Specialist once a week, getting 120 Norco, and 30 100mg MS Contin&#039;s, each visit, and having to go twice a week because the medicines weren&#039;t helping, for injections of Dilaudid 12mg IM.. After another 3 years passed, and my My Doctor began to worry about my Acetaminophen intake, He decided to put me on Methadone, 25mg 3x a day, and it saved me. I have breakthrough pain, but Norco helps to where I am Pain free 90% of the time!"
"I have been on contrave for 5 months now. I started at 219 I am now 183!
I cannot say enough about this medicine..
No jitters no nausea or headaches.
Controls my cravings all day.
I would recommend it to serious people that will take it as directed and truly wantbto drop weight. I look 
Forward to the next few months to see how much more I can go, my goal is145!!!"
"I would absolutely recommend seasonique! I have been on this pill for close to 5 years if not longer and I have had no bad experiences other than a little weight gain (about 10lbs) but that is to be expected. I take my pill at the same time every day and have never had any spotting at all. My periods are less than 5 days and sometimes last only 2-3 days and I have little to no cramps!"
"I&#039;m 19 and have taken this 3 times in the span of 1 year and its worked like a charm every time. I recently took it last week because I had unprotected sex and the guy came in me all the way and  after I found out that I might have been ovulating. I took the pill maybe 3/4 hours later. I got my period yesterday and I could not be happier! I was so worried thinking about it and googling endless possibilities of pregnancies 24/7 but seriously don&#039;t even stress it. Plan B has worked for me every time!"
"Such an amazing contribution to the pharmaceutical world. So much better than its ugly step sisters, such as Ritalin and Vyvanse. Adderall steals the show every time. 30mg/day does the trick. Been on it for 12 years, I&#039;ve taken personal breaks for tolerance. I&#039;ve never had any type of &quot;withdrawal&quot; or &quot;come downs&quot; at the end of the day. This drug has the ability to put me to sleep when I take it, honestly; and that&#039;s because my dissociation (caused by my ADHD) causes my anxiety to skyrocket. But when I take my adderall, I am able to focus on reality, making my anxiety disappear for a few hours. Calms me  down. Relief is a blessing."
"I was put on Topamax 2 months ago after a serious car accident that left me in a flare up of my fibromyalgia. I have not reacted well to medications in the past and have had serious reactions which lead to serious consequences to the other meds I was on. Topamax has been the only medication that I have been able to tolerate well. It does take a while for it to start working though and I have had a few side effects but none that I&#039;m not willing to put up with and 2 of them have gone away since I have started the Topamax."
"Alprazolam (Xanax) helps me in way more the one. I quit having blood pooling in my arms and legs, no more being lightheaded all the time, I can actually stand comfortable for more than 3 minutes, and I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m out of breathe and can&#039;t breathe! Before I started taking xanax I was bedridden most of the time and that&#039;s a difficult task when you have a 5 and 8 year old!!! But yes, alprazolam has saved me!"
"I was diagnosed with ADHD a little less than a year ago at the age of 12. At first, I loved it because it helped me get so much work done and I stopped getting in trouble and annoying people. After about one month I started realizing that I wasn&#039;t eating because the medicine was destroying my appetite, and I liked it. I started using the drug more for weight loss than anything and I went from a happy, bubbly 115 lbs to a lifeless 95 lbs. at 5ft8in, that&#039;s severely underweight and unhealthy. I kept taking the medicine but I became increasingly more depressed and anxious. I was an outcast but I was too obsessed with losing weight to care. After the school year finished, I took a break from the medicine and I am now a happy, healthy 13yr old."
"I feel the need to add my 2 cents here. For YEARS I was unable to live a &#039;normal&#039; life - spending most of the time in bed due to Derkums Disease and severe arthritis. Moving was painful and even the shortest trips left me in tears. I was given Nucynta, Dilaudid, Lortab, just to name a few. Oxycodone was prescribed and it truly changed my life. I am now able to take walks and do light excercise, yard sale and go to church! I do not understand the negative press about this medicine, I have never felt &#039;funny&#039; or different. I just do not hurt like before. I consider this a life-saving wonder medicine!"
"This works fantastically for me and it has for 7 years!"
"I am a new user to Implanon and so far I LOVE it. I have been on the Depo shot for 7 years and being that I am only 23 years old my doctor kept pressuring me to try something different due to the bone loss the Depo causes.  I&#039;ve had no unusual mood swings, I work out daily so I definitely can&#039;t say it makes me tired, and I haven&#039;t had appetite changes.  I didn&#039;t have a period with the Depo so I am really hoping that this continues on the Implanon.  I will update later."
"I started Nexplanon in March 2013, and it is now November 2013. I feel like there are many negative reviews on this birth control and wanted to share my experience. I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was 15 and diagnosed with endometriosis, I&#039;m 20 now. Disclaimer: I&#039;ve yet to have an experience that I thought was terrible on any birth control including depo. I&#039;ve not experienced any weight gain, mood swings, constant bleeding or anything. I get a moderate flow 5 day period about every 2 months. Nothing scary or horrid. I love this method as I needed something estrogen free and can&#039;t take minipill correctly. The only bad thing to report is a slight acne increase. My OBGYN was very frank about the risks associated with the method. I love it!"
"Same here i just started using it today as soon as I inserted the cream it felt so bad, burning and itching like crazy. I think its doing its job ....lets hope it cures it :)"
"I have been on Levora for approximately 5 years. After I started having severe abdominal pains, I decided to stop taking birth control all together. I thought that maybe my body was just upset that I had been pumping synthetic hormones into it, so I stopped taking it for 6-8months...it didn&#039;t help. While I was on it for the 5 years, it was great. I didn&#039;t have any problems with it...my weight was fine, acne no worse or better, no mood swings and no drop in libido. I ended up back on it due to endometriosis, only this time I had all the problems I didn&#039;t have initially. I had spotting that lasted at least 2 weeks, got severe headaches, gained 10 lbs, my breasts were very tender and the WORST PART.... NO SEX DRIVE AT ALL!"
"I had IUD inserted Dec. 2016. I found out I was pregnant in April 2017.  Didn&#039;t expect this to happen. I&#039;ll love my child. But I&#039;m not ready to be a mother of four. I&#039;m not satisfied with the results of the birth control. But I&#039;m getting a new bundle of joy!    Think twice before you decide your b.c. NONE are 100%"
"The first time I was on nuva for about 8 months and got pregnant. Imy thinking the cause could have been another medication I was on while using nuva. After that pregnancy I had started using nuva again with no there medications, was using it Sept 2015 to march 2016. I started getting bad leg cramps, migraines, shortness of breath, dizziness, bad abdominal pain, and some days couldn&#039;t get out of bed to take care of my 3 kids I was in so much pain. I stopped using it and have a drs appt to check for a blood clot and anything else that could be going on. Alot of my pain and migraines have decreased since being off it just 5 days. Still experiencing some pain in my knees, and some abdominal pain, but for the most part way better thandle I was."
"I am 25 years old and I have always have had acne. I am one of the people that have tried everything under the sun; proactive, herbal, expensive top of the line products and acupuncture until I decided to speak to my wonderful dermatologist. He has prescribed me 100 Monodox twice a day along with Epiduo and it has worked wonders, no side effects. I&#039;ve been on this routine for about two and a half months. My skin has NEVER been clear until now. It has been since lately that the Monodox has caused my to be nauseous when I take it in the morning. Since I am not a big breakfast person I found that I must take it with a GOOD meal and the nausea has not come back. "
"I got my first Depo Provera injection at the beginning of January 2016. Within the first week I started bleeding, and have now been bleeding everyday since. The bleeding goes from light to heavy, not too bad for cramps. I also have suffered vaginal dryness which has been incredibly uncomfortable. My doctor and I decided for me to go on depo due to me having suspected endometriosis. I did research about depo for a month before hand but I completely regret my decision. I have also lost a lot of hair, been feeling stressed and feeling down and severe acne that has scarred my skin. My doctor encouraged me to get a second shot with the promise of it calming things down but I refused, it has ruined how I feel about myself and wasted money on pads"
"Tried for 8 Months after prostate surgery. Did not work. It gave me severe headaches the next day. Headaches decreased over 5 days. Headache medications gave no relief!"
"Used periodically when other meds aren&#039;t giving relief. Makes breathing problems clear, relieves allergic sinus congestion and skin allergy issues dissipate."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Lo Fe for 9 months now and love it. I was diagnosed with PMDD 10 years ago and tried Yaz and Yasmin unsuccessfully before finding Lo Lo Fe. This has been the only pill that works for me. I actually lost weight after my body adjusted to the hormones. I was on this pill for several years and then took a break for 12 months as I take it continuously. I won&#039;t EVER do that again&mdash;it took about 8-10 months for my body to adjust and then the PMDD came back with a vengeance. Mood swings, insane food behavior, migraine, weight gain, no sex drive&mdash;it was horrible. I got back on Lo Lo Fe last April and by August my body adjusted. Has been great ever since. Only downside is my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it so I pay out of pocket every month."
"Started this drug a few months back and started having health problems; did not associate with the meds. The list is long on the adverse effects. dizzy, loss of balance, pain in head, ringing in ears, pressure in ears (went to ear noise and throat, said it was not in my ears.  I have heaviness and weakness in my legs, hard to walk far. Sleep problems, walking and talking while asleep, seizures Lasting a few seconds. this week other joints started hurting as well.  Hey the good news is, My cholesterol went way down. I quit taking this med yesterday. Lowering my cholesterol is not worth all the side affects.   I am glad it works for some, but have researched this drug and so many have had a bad reaction."
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor for quite a few years now taking 112.5mg.  I didn&#039;t have any problems with this med but have been wanting to simplify my regime.  So 112.5 to 75mg saw no real withdrawal or return of depression or anxiety.  But, 75mg to 37.5mg, I cannot bear.  I feel awful, irritable, nasty, and even aggressive at times.  Imagine waking up every morning for 2 weeks being 50 Shades of Pissed! My personality changed if feels like. Wondering if anyone has experienced this.  It would appear that Effexor is effective for my anxiety."
"I had reached a point where my severe rosacea was extremely painful.  I had contacted my doctor and begged for a prescription for amoxicillian.  That was an antibiotic I was on for another condition, and cleared up my rosacea for a couple of weeks.  The doctor said doxycycline  would be better for my acne.  

I had not known at the time what I was suffering from was severe rosacea .  my derm at the time diagnosed me with severe cystic acne.  After 1 year of trial and error with numerous antibiotics, she put me on isotretinoin (sp).  I took claravis, apprx 80 mg for 10 months.  After being on a 2 wk course of doxy, my face has been clear for 11 months now."
"Recently diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 22, and am a full time college student with difficulties getting my responsibilities and homework assignments done. Started on 40mg once a day with instructions to bump up to twice a day after 3 days if I needed. I refused to bump up because of the crappy effects. I know some people have had great results with this drug, but I was not one of them. The only positive thing I noticed was the ability to tune out outside noises and distractors, but those distractions your own head puts out are still there. Side effects: complete revulsion to food, sluggish and lethargic, lack of motivation or enthusiasm, and EXTREME irritability. By the 5th day, I refused to take it."
"Have been taking this for years and it definitely works for me although it makes me very drowsy if I take two 1 mg at a time. In the past 18 months or so my RLS has gradually become more frequent during the day therefore unable to sit in the afternoons or if I&#039;m on holiday particularly in a hot country they are a nightmare. Have recently been to the doctors and got 500mcg and when it&#039;s really bad I&#039;m going to try it and see if it helps for during the day.

On my last holiday I took one mg about 3 o&#039;clock and it helped but that only left one mg for the evening and this meant it didn&#039;t last till morning but to be honest I think I need to up my dose but am scared that my RLS is only going to get worse so don&#039;t want up my dose by too much."
"I was so depressed and I started this medicine without expecting that after 15 days I  am like I&#039;ve taken ecstasy. I am full of energy I don&#039;t hesitate to be myself! I love being my self actually! I&#039;m not thinking anymore about cocaine, weed and stuff like that cause that was the main reason that I needed a doctor!  THANK U PROZAC"
"Horrible experience.  Lost all lower body strength.  Severe and I mean severe knee pain.  My knees would burn all over and just a lite touch to them would make the pain even worse! Have had bad tendinitis for 4 months.  Pulled back muscles.  Walking became difficult.  Didn&rsquo;t even bring my numbers down.  Stopped taking it and felt my strength and muscles return.  Still waiting on my tendinitis but I feel it is finally getting better.  Not safe, not effective, wouldn&rsquo;t recommend to a lab rat."
"I started on 37.5 mg. of phentermine yesterday, May 15. I had planned on starting with a half a pill, to see how it would be, but they are capsules prescribed by my primary physician, so I had to take a whole one. I have had no harsh side effects, thus far. I took it early in the morning and it did not disrupt my sleep last night. I did the same today. It definitely curbs my appetite and I have to make sure I remember to eat now. I am 5&#039; 11&quot; and weigh 200lbs. My goal is to continue with this medicine and eating healthy, along with exercise. Good luck to all who try this med."
"I&#039;m 21 years old and have unfortunately inherited my family&#039;s notorious migraine genes. I&#039;ve suffered from migraines from a very young age. The 1st medicine I was given at age 21 being finally officially diagnosed by military doctors, while being deployed to Iraq, was Zomig dissolving tablets. No luck, second was Imitrex tablets - same thing, nothing except side effects. Then I was tried on stat-dose Imitrex, still nothing. The only thing that&#039;s helped with killing my migraines is an ER visit being treated with fluids, Valium to knock me out and Dilaudid or morphine along with Phenergran."
"I got it on April 24 2008, the afternoon of the day I had my baby girl. I must say that IT was new to the birth control scene and my doctors had recommended it for me. I must say I really like it. I had it for 6 yrs now and I am about to get it replaced for a new one. They last for 3 yrs. I don&#039;t get a period every month I get it every 3 to 6 months and when I do sometimes its heavy but most of the time its light like enough for panty liners. "
"Absolutely awful experience with the birth control!! I began having severe migraines with vision problems and major anxiety. The migraines were so awful that I was in the ER twice to receive a shot to stop the pain. The arm I had it implanted into also felt &quot;numb&quot; for a better loss of words. It was such a strange feeling its hard to explain. My friend also was admitted for blood clots after having the implant. I don&#039;t recommend this birth control, stick to the pill."
"I&#039;ve been suffering with depression coupled with anxiety for over 10 years.  Its been hell ruining every aspect of my life (loss of relationships, my business etc.) After seeing so many psychiatrists I had lost hope and was getting very close to ending my life so tried to get help one more time.  For the first time I met a young Doctor who listened.  He prescribed me Zoloft 50mg.  The change = I left my house within 2 weeks (major agoraphobia for 8 months) started talking to people, going out again with friends, preparing to launch my business again and I feel happy. Not manic, HAPPY and measured. I&#039;m praying that I stay this way.  There is hope out there. Don&#039;t give up guys. :)"
"I went to my doctor with excessive blood loss that started lasting up to 8 days with loss of massive clots. I was told due to having issues for years that my husband &amp; I would never naturally have children. I have had CIN3, ovarian cysts, endometriosis &amp; now fibroids. My periods were coming on time every 4 weeks, it was just the flow that was all different &amp; extreme. I had the Mirena Implant put in &amp; now I bleed for 12 days every 2 weeks &amp; am more irritable &amp; moody than ever. Doctor put me on Tranexamic Acid tablets &amp; Ponstan &amp; now I am experiencing dizziness, confusion &amp; a feeling like I&#039;m walking on air. Totally wrong response we were all looking for. This was meant to stop me bleed &amp; not have all the issues I have right now."
"Now 48, I have had psoriasis for 32 years. Never have I experienced a medication that has worked so well. I have been covered head to toe and I am now 95% clear. So nice to not see psoriasis in the mirror. I wish everybody can have results like mine."
"I was under severe anxiety and depression from intolerable conditions at a hostile job for years until I was so sick their antics pushed me to go. I then went into a deep depression sleeping a ton having lack of energy feeling like nothing was ever going to be right again. I withdrew myself from family, friends and activities. I finally decided to go on Wellbutrin XL after talking it over with my psych because I have multiple health problems and couldn&#039;t take other kinds of antidepressants. It saved my life. No weight gain. I&#039;m focused alert not depressed happy and have a job again. I am visiting family and friends too. Not sleeping a lot anymore. Try it."
"Zydis is very good, it&#039;s the best for my brothers."
"Have only been taking 20 mg daily for two weeks and have not had the urge to binge/purge once. If you are bulimic SAVE YOUR LIFE and get on this medicine."
"Started 3/19. Day 3. Haven&#039;t weighed myself yet- waiting to hit the week mark. Haven&#039;t experienced dry mouth. But I am dealing with insomnia. Was up at 6am yesterday. Currently 3am the next day. Not tired at all. I do have energy though and a decreased appetite. So the medication is serving its purpose."
"Zoloft has been a life saver for me. I honestly don&#039;t know how I would&#039;ve gotten through the past year without it. I had anxiety and depression, but after I started taking Zoloft, I was finally starting to feel myself again and my headaches have gone away. If you have moderate to severe anxiety and depression, I would highly recommend this. It truly saved me."
"I am a 37 year old mother of 3. I didn&#039;t use birth control for years because of the terrible side effects I suffered...headaches, nausea, spotting. Finally, a friend recommended Nuvaring and I started it in January 2007. I&#039;ve been on it ever since and am very happy. The only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is a slight increase in discharge - my friend experiences the same single side effect. I highly recommend this product."
"Started taking for depression , works stops my irrational temper tantrums. I have been on it for 2 years. I was also a heavy drinker ( bottle and half wine a night for 20 years) but after taking this drug for 3 weeks  I stopped drinking and I haven&#039;t had a drink for 2 years, no withdrawal or craving for alcohol . I feel and look good for my age despite struggling with the menopause and a under active thyroid. It works , you may loose a bit of weight to begin with but the appetite does come back to normal . I would not say I am happy but then life circumstances can take their toll if your depressed or not but I certainly function well, stay sober and I have hope in the future.
Only downside is I cannot get off them."
"It didn&rsquo;t cause any side effects, and, more important, I&rsquo;m not dead. That&rsquo;s pretty good."
"I had HORRIBLE acne since I was 13+. I&#039;ve been using EPIDUO since I was 16 and I can&#039;t go without it! I&#039;m now 18 and I&#039;ve never stopped using it. It&#039;s amazing. At first you will be very irritated and your skin gets super dry. But give it a week or 2 and you&#039;ll be fine. Your skin adapts and after that it&#039;s great. I don&#039;t know what I would do without it because there have been times where I stop using it for about a month or 2 and my acne starts coming back. So I guess I&#039;ll be using this the rest of my life lol. I get so many compliments on my skin since I&#039;ve been using this product, everyone asks me what I do."
"This drug made me feel that my heart was vibrating. The doctors in the hospital checked to make sure that I did not suffer a heart attack."
"Worked well for vertigo from an inner ear infection. Did not make me drowsy at all, but it did make my eyes very dry. Worked perfect for the vertigo."
"I have severe early onset OCD I have found that clomipramine (anafranil) has taken the edge off of it. I&#039;ve been taking it for 4.5 years SLOWLY building up to 200mg but have found that the side effects of this medication to be too much, in particular the excessive sweating. I am regularly dripping with sweat to the point I have been asked if it is raining outside because I&#039;m soaked. I&#039;m thinking of coming off of it because the sweating is exacerbating the OCD as I now have obsessions about it and I&#039;m constantly worried about people looking at me because I&#039;m sweating so much, which isn&#039;t very feminine. I&#039;ve tried to come off of it a few times but every time I do my OCD regresses into overdrive- highlighting how affective it is for OCD"
"I&#039;m 22, and my doctor changed me from Effexor to Pristiq for my OCD and OCPD. Most noticeable side effect is definitely the appetite loss, but I don&#039;t seem to be losing much weight thankfully. If I&#039;m busy and don&#039;t think about it, I go all day without food- it&#039;s nuts. Also I am having a lot of headaches, but I cannot be sure its the medicine. I sweat A LOT on this, and if I take it too late in the day I cannot sleep. My OCD seems to be in check- much better than Effexor. I&#039;ve been taking 50 mg for 5 months now."
"I&#039;m still currently taking this drug, and there have been really no side affects other than an upset stomach if I don&#039;t eat when I take it, and it also makes me very touchy and angry. I used to never get raging mad but ever since I&#039;ve been on the pill the simplest things set me off and I go made with out even realizing it&#039;s happening."
"Since I&#039;ve been taking Inderal I&#039;ve not had a migraine except the first year when I had 2 very light ones. I&#039;ve had no side effects and have cut my dosage to 3 a week."
"Rgdadad,
Your story sounds exactly like mine. I&#039;m currently on 25mg, Day 13 not feeling better yet. I had severe attack last night."
"I have been Psoriasis free for 2 years because of Humira...for that I am grateful, but I also have to live with Shingles (side effect.  You have to take the good with the bad!)"
"This medication saved my life. Before, I was crying nonstop and having extreme fits of rage and woke up every day wanting to day. Now that I&#039;ve had it in my system for about 3 weeks, I don&#039;t feel perfect obviously but I feel much evened out. I&#039;m not euphoric but I&#039;m not severely depressed either and they don&#039;t switch from one another like they used to. For a long time I could barely sleep and now I can finally sleep through the night. I&#039;m much more rational and I feel that it&#039;s much easier to go about daily life and now I&#039;m finally working on repairing my relationships with people. Great drug"
"After about a week of headaches and migraines with no relief despite taking every treatment I had available, I went to the ER. The doctor mentioned Reglan as a treatment option and I accepted. I got Reglan in an IV, and a few minutes later I just started to feel very anxious. Everything just felt very urgent and I felt very restless. My face also started to feel hot. I also was alone during this visit, which I&#039;m sure didn&#039;t help. I also suffer from anxiety, so it just increased my usual symptoms. My migraine relief was only so-so; it came back the next day. Reglan might be a good option for you if your migraine is really bad, but be careful because it can make you really anxious."
"I have just started my 6yr old on the 1mg Intuniv and I am happy with her behavior but the life in her that I love about her is gone. I feel so confused. Why should I have to change her?"
"I have been nervously awaiting this test for over five years, so tomorrow morning it will be done and over with, the prep was not as bad. After taste was the worst part...I did my first half at 3:00 pm. I had no food except two pedylite popsicles and a can of chicken broth. The broth was grosser than the drink. I mixed the prep with water, then added ice cubes, with the last inch of it. I did put it in another container with lid and straw, got it down, then drank 33 oz Of water with ice cubes."
"I have been struggling with major depression for six months and finally when I went to the doctor, I was prescribed with 20mg of Prozac. The first five days were horrible and the worst have I ever felt. After that, I begun feeling good again.

I begun having weird dreams, however and sometimes lack the ability to feel certain feelings.

At the end, I really do believe this medication has saved me."
"I ALWAYS check prior to leaving pharmacy because generic  Adderall vary so much.
Round and peach it was, just like my other ROUND AND PEACH 15mg
NO, NO VERY MISLEADING!
The light round and peach give me a horrendous headache, and my stomach hurts all day long!
I believe some are sugar based/and some salt?
These are awful!
I&#039;m going on vacation, and also working on a federal lawsuit, and I&#039;m tired, w a massive headache!
I called my doctor, also the pharmacy CVS and nothing until next month!
I&#039;m on a time frame w my lawsuit and am furious about what I feel was VERY MISLEADING!If it is the same manufacturer with a different formula they should change the description/color, it&#039;s not them feeling awful for 30 days! UGH!"
"I&#039;m 22 with no kids. I had been on birth control pills since I was 17 &amp; had decided to try an implant. My insertion was definitely a 9/10, 9 being almost unbearable.The first 3-4 weeks were crazy.My cramps were intense &amp; I was sleeping with a heating pad almost every night. I didn&#039;t have an appetite and being on my feet at work made the cramps worse. I kept going back to the doctor to make sure that the implant was in the right spot, thinking it wasn&#039;t because something felt really wrong. everything was normal and they suggested I wait it out another couple weeks. I did and I&#039;m now in my 5 month with it and I love it.just wanted to let the girls out there know that if you&#039;re considering taking it out, give it awhile longer!"
"I absolutely love it! And by the way its the only medication for insomnia that is approved by the FDA to be taken long term. I&#039;ve tried Ambien, temazepam, trazodone, OTC sleep aids, valerian, melatonin, EVERYTHING; and nothing else has ever came close to helping me sleep like Lunesta does. The only problem which really sucks is my insurance wont pay for Lunesta so if I want it I have to pay cash and its ridiculously expensive!"
"I&#039;ve been put on Pregabalin a week ago and the psychiatrist also put me on quetiapine which I took for the first time yesterday.  After a couple of hours sleep I ended up waking with my pulse pounding in my neck and passed out for a few seconds. Managed to ring 999 and got checked out. I was ok but Doc said to stop them as she&#039;d seen this reaction a few times. Never again"
"I was due for my period Feb 25 and I had sex Feb 13 took pill day after and because of the stress I came on the 26 but it works.and that was my ovulation day. Now two years later did it again period due on October 29 had sex again with my bd on ovulation day again on 16 took the pill yesterday..so I am not worried but this is my last time because we already have twins..."
"I took oral medications for over a year. My health improved, but I was no where near where I wanted to be.  I have been using Bicillin LA for 5 weeks now and have enjoyed a huge improvement in my health.  I&#039;m not quite back to my normal self, but I am very optimistic that the Bicillin is going to be the ticket that returns me to a healthy state."
"I have been on Depo for 9 months now and I&#039;m pretty satisfied with it. I have had no bleeding problems, no weight gain, or any bodily pain. The only problem I have had with the shot is that I have *definitely* experienced mood swings. I am one of the most level-headed people I know and within the first week of being on the shot I was more emotional than I&#039;ve ever been in my entire life! I drove my family and boyfriend absolutely crazy. I eventually got accustomed to the hormones but even now, every few weeks I have days where I fly completely off the wall or just cry for hours for absolutely no reason. It happens infrequently enough that taking Depo is still worth it.

This is definitely a &quot;your mileage may vary&quot; birth control."
"When I first started using epiduo (roughly 2 years ago) I really struggled with dry, red, cracking skin. I was worried about the reaction and read a lot of reviews, many of which said &quot;the redness and dryness stick around for 3 months and after that it works perfectly&quot;. In my experience, this was exactly right. After 3 months of the dry, cracking skin, my skin had adjusted and I had far fewer (and less severe) breakouts. At the time I was taking Doxycycline which eventually became ineffective and I&#039;ve since been on the contraceptive pill for roughly 1.5 years. Epiduo is excellent for preventing small, bacterial pimples and my skin is noticeably worse when I don&#039;t use epiduo for a while."
"It&#039;s a miracle cream. Husband had grease burns over both hands and within a matter of hours, no blistering or pain."
"I rated this birth control at a 3 because it drastically changed my daily life. Before taking the pill, I was a morning person, but after taking it for 3 months I found it extremely hard to get out of bed in the morning.  I was getting 8 hours of sleep or over, which is usually plenty for me and by 9 at night I couldn&#039;t do anything but lay on the couch. I am an athlete and I run everyday 5-10 miles, but I got to the point where my entire body would get so exhausted I couldn&#039;t make it through a run. I got on it to help acne, which it didn&#039;t seem to get any better. On the plus side, I didn&#039;t experience any spotting like other people have mentioned and my periods were normal. I got off the pill and started feeling better."
"I have had chronic migraines for 16 years.  Because of my hyper-sensitivity to many medications (antidepressants, Topamax, Depakote, and the list keeps going), I had a great deal of trouble finding a preventative medicine that my body could tolerate at a therapeutic dose. Keppra keeps my migraines to a minimum (about 8 per year, which is so much better than the every-other-day I was experiencing).  I do have some fatigue and depression as side effects, but they are worth the trade off."
"I&#039;ve been on the implant for 5 days now and started to have constant headache with face and body tingling , itching and whole  body aches 

Hope it goes soon"
"I have been using Daypro for 15 months for rheumatoid arthritis. I have arthritis in my wrists, neck and I need a knee replacement. Daypro has helped about 80%"
"I&#039;ve had the implant in for about three months now, at first I was very nervous about it since I&#039;ve heard many horror stories about how it will make you bleed for a month straight, however, it isn&#039;t too bad. I&#039;ve had spotting on and off since the third week of having it in, I usually have very heavy periods, but since I&#039;ve had it in I feel they got rather light. Aside from that I&#039;ve lost weight since its been in, when I had it implanted I weighed 147, I am now down to 134. Aside from the random spotting I don&#039;t mind it. It&#039;s the best decision I&#039;ve ever made."
"I havehad Nexplanon for about 6 months now. I didn&#039;t bleed at first. Then I went for a bit having 2 periods month and now I don&#039;t bleed at all. Other physical effects that have been harsher are a ridiculous appetite, acne, sweating (overall being hotter), skin darkening, and migraines. If these were my only cons. I recommend anyone to get it and manage because it is BULLETPROOF birth control. However, mentally I think its becoming unbearable. Anxiety &amp; panic attacks are severe, I&#039;m scattered, confused, even careless and way less functional as a single mom. I don&#039;t remember what it&#039;s like to feel horny nor desire a man. The pro of not getting pregnant is so impressive with my sex life I will just retry Prozac and hopefully be more stable mentally"
"Just tried the Ambien CR last night.  Still took awhile to fall asleep but once I did it worked great.  Slept till 8:30.  Unusual for me.  Love it!"
"My migraines were getting worse in grad school and the medications weren&#039;t touching the pain. I was diagnosed with cluster headaches and given this medication and now my life is almost completely headache free. Also, I am lucky enough to not suffer any negative side effects!"
"This is the other thing that will get rid of my ear infections. It&#039;s cheaper than other medications that don&#039;t work."
"I have been taking Qsymia for almost a month now and have lost 11lbs in 22 days. I am on a low calorie diet. I have had several side effects like constipation, insomnia, numbness in face and legs. Any carbonated drink taste like its been sitting out open for a day just flat no fizz at all. I do feel irritable at times but most side effects I can manage except the constipation that just plain hurts. I have an appointment on March 28th and I&#039;ll see how it goes with my progress and labs. I was at 290 lbs starting weight and I am down to 279 lbs. Seeing my belly shrink motivates me more to exercise and continue to eat healthier. It is quite expensive but I look at it like this, I waste money on other things that don&#039;t do me any better and this will."
"I started taking Topamax about two and 1/2 weeks ago. In that two weeks I&#039;ve lost close to 10 pounds.  I&#039;ve also had the tingling in my fingers and feet and toes. I&#039;ve gotten tingling in my lips too. Other then tingling body parts, so far I love it and Ive gone from headaches every day to maybe 4 really small ones and one migraine."
"It&#039;s great"
"The doctor tried this to help with depression and bipolar disorder.  It caused more anxiety and didn&#039;t work well at all.  Only stayed on it 2 weeks and couldn&#039;t take it anymore."
"I haven&#039;t gained weight, or had more breakout, but I have had three one week periods in a months time. I haven&#039;t even finished the first pack. And I know things. Take time to get working well, but this is just a bad sign to me"
"I have had the implanon for about a year, it&#039;s nice that I don&#039;t have to worry about getting pregnant, or worry bout taking birth control everyday. But my side affects are bad, I get my period somtimes 2 times a month, its random so I don&#039;t know when I&#039;m going to have it. Also I have gained 20 pounds since I started on it. I&#039;m thinking about removing it!"
"I wish I could take it back. Terrible experience. I had horrible muscle aches where the shot went in for 5 months. I felt bloated all the time. I bled every single day, EVERY DAY. It was dark red blood. I only did the shot once. Six months later I &quot;sort of&quot; got my period back. I am still waiting for a normal cycle, I will wake up and not know how much I will bleed for the day. I got very emotional when I didn&#039;t go back in to get the second shot. Really screws with your hormones. It does what it is supposed to do but the side effects are not worth it to me. Never ever again. Stay away."
"I have osteoarthritis of the spine and have severe muscle aches and pains all day long and worse at night. I find that when I take 10ml of robutussin chest cough mixtureIi am pain free for the day. Another 10ml guarantees a good night sleep. Though not confirmed I suspect I have fibromyalgia...in addition to the osteoarthritis."
"I have been using this 3 months to date
Much improved day to day"
"I&#039;ve been on this for a little over a year. This was the first and only birth control I have used so far and I have had a gold experience. I was put on this to help with cramps that were too severe, they were causing me to vomit. Within the first 2 months of using this I started to feel a million times better during my period. Only recently have my cramps become more painful. I&#039;m most likely going to be switched to something with a slightly higher dosage due to my cramps beginning to worsen, but this medication still helped me nonetheness. I do think that it has caused me to have headaches nearly every night though. The headaches are better than the crippling pain of cramps though."
"Had my daughter in September. I bled for 4 weeks after my delivery. At my PP visit my doctor suggested the depo shot. She mentioned I may have some slight break through bleeding. She recommended the shot because she thought ot would be easier then remembering to take a pill daily with a newborn and toddler home. I agreed and didn&#039;t do my research especially since I never had any side effects from birth control. A week after taking depo I began to bleed like a light period, sometimes a medium period. That was 3 weeks ago and based on other post I&#039;m gathering this is likely to continue indefinitely until it wears off in January. Honestly it was the worst choice I&#039;ve made. I should have never taken it."
"I have been on Pristiq for 9 months. Previously I was on Cymbalta to help with depression and fibromyalgia. Pristiq seemed to help somewhat at first (for a few months) but then the suicidal thoughts returned. I&#039;m now being taken off Pristiq (slowly). It just isn&#039;t working any more and I&#039;m still in deep depression. So thankful that my doctor is switching me to something else. "
"No side effects at first. On 7 day treatment 2 times a day. By day 5 I noticed I&#039;ve had severe insomnia, extremely dry nose, headachey, general feeling of being unwell. But infection felt cured so that&#039;s good. Don&#039;t swallow toothpaste like another reviewer suggested, just try to put way back in your mouth to swallow it fastest. Take with food! It&#039;s not good for people to swallow toothpaste 2 times a day. Stomach upset on day 5 as well. More like bad indigestion and always hungry even though I ate. But with only three pills left i&#039;m determined to finish treatment. If it doesn&#039;t work for you and you are trying to treat bv even pregnant ask of you can try the vaginal gel if you can&#039;t take the side effects of this med."
"I went on this for depression. I was excited about it because I was also very, very underweight and my Dr said it would help me gain weight and get healthy and happy again. Took it and it was like I&#039;d been tranquilized. I felt myself passing out and could barely get my  laptop off of my lap and on to the floor in the time it took to fall asleep. I felt like I was hammered. I was all giggly and tired. Fell asleep and slept for many hours. Had to stop it after less than a week because I couldn&#039;t wake up. Had no concept of time. For the next week after I stopped it vision was hazy and I was dizzy and felt very high. Never again! Very scary experience. Sure helps with sleep though!"
"After my second baby, I was having problems with pain during sex (9 months  to a year post partum). My doctor prescribed the nuvaring to treat that issue as well as provide some birth control. The first two weeks I had this in were a dream! No side effects, nothing negative. After that I was so nauseous I was constantly  taking zofran and reglan and could barely function. After 6 weeks I had lost 10 pounds and decided to take it out. I wish it wouldn&#039;t have been so bad or I would have stuck it out."
"Did nothing. Used for 2 months"
"began taking it when my insurance stopped covering Spiriva. I find it VERY effective at easing my breathing when sleeping."
"Dientamoeba fragilis is notoriously difficult to get rid of. I&#039;ve tried anti-parasite herbs, Flagyl, Alinia, Tinidazole plus Yodoxin, and most recently, Tinidazole plus Paramomycin. The first time I had a very low dose (250mg) but I actually felt much better while taking it. After I finished, though, symptoms worsened again.  
The second time I took 1000mg, and that knocked out about 90% of my pain and other symptoms for about 4 months, until I took an antibiotic for a different infection.  Then it worsened again.  But overall I feel like Tinidazole worked far better than any of the other remedies (including the herbs, dietary restrictions and digestive enzymes)."
"This was my best ADHD med by far. My doctor quit prescribing it when the liver problems emerged years ago. I didn&#039;t know it was still available. Hmmm."
"I find that with Adderall XR everything has improved. I am diagnosed with ADHD, OCD, Bipolar mixed cycling, and anxiety {GAD}. Before I would stay in bed for three weeks straight because I had no energy. With Adderall XR I am able to function. Recently I have lost my pill bottle (a real downside to being adhd - you loose things), and I am not looking forward to sitting through more classes without it. I think I&#039;ve finally found the right dose - 30 MG once a day in the morning seems to work for me. I just cannot have any type of eggs. I notice, however, that this makes me feel a million times better. I&#039;ve noticed a little weight loss but not much."
"Update, I have been on Contrave for a full 3 weeks now. So far I have lost 10lbs! I am going to start taking 2 pills in the morning and also at night. I still have some stomach cramping some times but I have to remember to drink lots of water to calm that down, it makes me feel better. I do have some insomnia but not in an exhausted kind of way. I am still able to continue with my busy career. I have also experienced constipation, but I&#039;ve started taking in more fiber to combat that issue. So far I continue to feel full and food continue to be blah. I&#039;m still eating healthy did try carbs twice but it was hardly anything. At Easter I did have a few pieces of candy but was able to stop after a few pieces. Will continue to update."
"It  is a good cure long as you don&#039;t abuse your meds and it will help your sleeping. No problems. Simple as that. Night all."
"I had mild to server acne at different times throughout years but then I finally decided to try Accutane. Initially, I did have an initial breakout which worsened the skin condition (more acne), which lasted for approximately 1.5months. But once the skin started getting better, everything started disappearing slowly and now I&#039;m 4.5 months in and only have the red/brown marks left but all my acne is gone! The first few months will be harsh, and your self-esteem will probably get hit. But just go through the whole cycle - you won&#039;t regret it in the end."
"I was addicted to pain killers for about 2 yrs. I lost everything, my family, my significant other, my beautiful convertible. My parents called the cops on me all the time. The pharmacist knew exactly what I was up to and would always look down on me when I would get my pills. My dr would just give me whatever I asked for, she had no idea I was abusing all these pills. Eventually I got caught and had no way of getting the pills so I decided it was time to get help. I found a Suboxone Dr and it was the best thing I have ever done. I will be clean for a year on May 8th of this year."
"Great working. "
"Was on antibiotic for resp. infection last week. Doc warned it may cause YI. Ate yogurt, took probiotic, and a homeopathic YI med to help. Got YI a few days later. I&#039;ve used 3-day and 7-day before, but thought I&#039;d give the 1-day a try.
Woke up yesterday and I felt a warm, burning sensation. Went pee and it stung a little. Wiped a little blood and discharge. Things stayed the same during the day.
Woke up this morning with the same warm burn. Went pee and it STUNG! When I wiped it had a decent amount of blood and it hurt like nothing I&#039;ve ever felt down there before! Looked in a mirror and it looked swollen and there were burns and/or cuts that had some blood. I&#039;m afraid to pee now! Nurse said 1-day has burned some women.
Awful! Don&#039;t use!"
"Not only did it not touch the pain, the side effects were worse than the pain I was in!
NEVER will use it again! Horrible stuff."
"Was getting severe migraines.  Tried aspirin and Motrin.  Both didn&#039;t work at all.  I needed something stronger.  My doctor then prescribed Sprix nasal spray.  She told me to spray to the outer part of my nostrils and to only breathe through my mouth (do not breathe through nose or sniff otherwise you will feel a burning sensation like others I&#039;ve read on here).  I did exactly on how she instructed and AMAZINGLY the migraine was gone in 5 minutes. And there was no burning sensation at all.  I love Sprix.  It&#039;s now my go to medicine to relieve my migraine."
"I was on Provigil for about 2 yrs, but when my doctor switched me to Nuvigil, it was so much better. I felt as if I had my life back and for months it worked. With both Provigil and Nuvigil, they work great for a while, then they seem to loose their power. I still have chronic fatigue, plus muscle weakness. I am hoping that my doctor will try me on something else."
"Super effective and VERY strong.  It&#039;s the only medicine that I&#039;ve nodded to period.  Use for bad pain with care. It works wonders, instantly.  Couple of sprays and you&#039;re just fine (totally crushed...but not feeling the pain)."
"The side-effects have lasted years and Lupron itself caused depression. And I gained over 40 pounds rapidly within three months after use. It gave me seizures, and I had blackouts on TOP of the usual side-effects. I was hospitalized for three days because of the seizures. NOT worth it! I&#039;m still plagued by the ungodly side-effects every single day! Worst decision I ever made. NEVER again!"
"I was on Prozac and felt tired all the time, still depressed and no sex drive. I thought maybe the dose wasn&#039;t enough and I was going through menopause, but the doc put me on Wellbutrin. I&#039;m with the person above, I cannot believe in one day I felt better. I thought it was in my head. I made phone calls I would avoid because of anxiety, I got things done instead of sleep and I felt so much happier next to my husband. Day two I woke up ready to start the day...completely the opposite of what I had been experiencing. Everyone is different and you just have to see what works for you. Prozac is in a different class and I just needed this antidepressant."
"I got Nexplanon a month after giving birth. Getting it was quick &amp; easy! It made my period lighter but every since I&#039;ve had it I haven&#039;t stopped spotting. I wear liners every day &amp; have been since insertion. My mood swings have been horrible &amp; I can&#039;t stop eating. I&#039;ve been tired too. Overall I love it &amp; its working fine for now."
"anxiety disapear immediately i am on 150 mg daily it works for 12 hours but l am afraid it&#039;s action will get off soon."
"While taking this pill I became an emotional wreck, my face broke out, had spotting between periods, cramps got worse and developed fibroids. The list goes on."
"I got my first Nexplanon in right after my son was born, that was over 17 years ago now.  Over the years I have had very little bleeding, although I do get the symptoms of a period (mild cramps, tender breasts and over emotional at times) I&#039;m due for a new implant in a couple of weeks but I&#039;m considering not taking anything to see how my body reacts and regulates itself. I&#039;ve noticed recently that it&#039;s much harder to keep weight off and my moods have been up and down this past couple of years but I think this may be due to my age and change in lifestyle rather than the Nexplanon. I&#039;d suggest giving it a year to properly settle in and if after that you don&#039;t like it, try something else. It&#039;s seen me well over the years ;-)"
"I am in my 30s. I do not take any other medications. I do not smoke or drink. I have anxiety. This birth control ruined my life. My anxiety went through the roof. I couldn&#039;t leave the house. My husband was getting frustrated but we communicate well so while he was skeptical he saw the side effects. The enhanced anxiety was nuts! Our anniversary was ruined by me not being able to go into the hotel/casino, sitting in the truck, shaking and throwing up. The hot and cold flashes were unbearable. I couldn&#039;t cuddle with my husband and I would go outside to cool off (Thank god we live in the Rocky Mountains) in the snow. Debilitating migraines, nausea, vomiting, etc. I switched to OrthoTri Cyclen Lo :) and my husband is getting a vasectomy."
"Zarah has been okay. I first started on the pill about 5 months ago and it helped a little with my cramps that were horrible before I started the pill. However, I noticed some weight gain and realized that I have horrible mood swings. My period isn&#039;t much lighter than before, and my period doesn&#039;t come until a few days after I start taking the sugar pills. It definitely decreased my sex drive a lot and I started getting a lot of discharge every day."
"I feel that 200 mg is probably best for me but makes me overly &quot;chatty&quot; and nonproductive in that manner, and my heart races.  100 mg does help me feel more awake in the morning but wears off very quickly. I still need a nap when I get home from work."
"I chose this birth control because of how easy it would be, insert and forget. I didn&#039;t do my research, I did it for convenience. I bled the first month, I had spotting throughout. I never got headaches prior to using this birth control, I had them constantly for three weeks straight. I have abdominal pain for about five weeks straight, which kept me in bed. My emotions definitely switched up as well, there was a noticeable difference in how much easier I got upset. With the amount of work I took off, it literally took control of my life. I got off of it. I could not get past the three months, I got into sixty days because the side effects were excruciating."
"I took Cymbalta 30mg for fibromyalgia pain and it was such a bad experience.  I took it with food at about 5:30 pm and didn&#039;t feel any side effects until later in the evening.  Did not sleep all night, was very restless with heart beating rapidly, feeling itchy and abdominal cramps."
"Suffered excruciating lower back pain and was taking Vicodin 2-3 x&#039;s daily for my Fibromyalgia. I&#039;ve been on Pristiq for about 3 weeks. 

Pain has diminished 98-99%. (Sometimes feeling 100% relief. However, miracles I don&#039;t expect.) Only on occasion did I take a Vicodin (and on that day only 1x). This was only due to lower back discomfort I didn&#039;t want to deal with, but not excruciating pain!"
"Cautiously wanted to try at low dose first. However, first time I needed it, I happened to be at migraine treatment center (at a hospital). We agreed this was the safest circumstances to try something new. Within a half-hour, I pressed nurse call-button: had trouble keeping my eyes open! Minutes later: unintended sleep. 
Dosage too high &amp;/or interaction with recent dose of Toradol? (Toradol makes me sleep a few *hours* later - which is why I was at hospital.) Have not yet tried it again. Would try 1/4 of dose next time - &amp; not near time frame of Toradol - &amp; not when alone. No other side-effects. No way to judge effectiveness. Primary goal if first trial is &quot;can I tolerate this?&quot; Second trial is to find out if dose is enough for effectiveness."
"The first week has been a nightmare. The side effects are intense and I am only on day 5 (insomnia, agitation, rash). But I can say I went from 1 pack a day for 10 years, to just 4 cigarettes a day. I am only taking 150mg 2x&#039;s a day."
"I am 47 years old and have abused narcotics since I was16. From Codeine, Percodan, Tylox, Norco, and Oxy&#039;s to shooting 3 grams of heroin a day. Incarceration, Homelessness, Finally got on Methadone but was miserable. A friend gave me some Suboxone tabs and I couldn&#039;t believe it! It was a miracle! I have been on Suboxone for going on four years and live a very productive and happy life. I have a family and a career and things I would have only sold to buy more drugs with. Take it from me, if you want to stop destroying yourself and the people that love you, look into getting on Suboxone. I promise you, you won&#039;t regret it!"
"Hi All, I do hope you are all breathing well or as well as can be expected.
So I have now been on the Spiolto Respimat (in Australia that is what they are calling it!) since the 17th July 2017, so it&#039;s only been a little over a week. I am still unsure but many times I think it is amazing. 
Given I have been taking the Ventolin, Spiriva and Seretide for years now....I believe it will take some time before I can fully evaluate Spiolto&#039;s effectiveness.
Could someone who is currently using Spiolto and finding it works, what reliever other than Ventolin do you use?
I do wish you and yours all the very best now and in the future. And thank you so much for all your comments. I found them really useful."
"I took this medicine for a few days. The rage I had at all times was so intense it frightened me.  It made me have thoughts of hurting others to the point I could not work for fear of hurting people I work with. I had to board my cats to keep from hurting them.  I have been off this drug for a year but now when I try other anti depressants the rage seems to come back."
"I have gone up and down on my dosage with my Xanax. When it&#039;s just my anxiety I do well on 3.5 mg a day. When I have my panic attacks with agoraphobia I would love to go higher but my psychiatrist will only let me go as high as 4 mg. It really does help. I have gone down to 2 mg when I am doing better. I have Bipolar 1 disorder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Social anxiety, general anxiety, panic attacks with agoraphobia, Obsessive Complusive Disorder, anorexia, binge eating, depression. SO I am on several medications. Xanax has been a huge help in my disorders. It has helped several of them. "
"This product is amazing. I had very intense armpit sweating (armpit area would be soaked with sweat, just from me sitting still or doing anything) since I was 13 or so and I am 27 now. Dermatologist prescribed this last week, and it is my third day using it today and I have had no sweat at all since the first time I put this stuff on. Seriously, it is bone dry!! For once! I am so happy I don&#039;t have to wear only black tops anymore and can now wear pretty and colorful tops without worrying that someone will see the sweat stains. It is a miracle and I now feel so much more confident and free. To anyone who has this issue, please try it, it really does work well. Additionally, I didn&#039;t experience the burning or itching others have described."
"I suffer from acute muscular pains in my legs at night (one leg at time). May be due to medication which I have to take to control my cholesterol levels . I had to undergo Bye pass ten years back. The side effects of pain in my legs means I have extremely disturbed sleep. I discovered that taking one Ultracet tablet at night enables me to have a undisturbed sleep due to absence of pain. In my case one tablet works effectively for two nights.  In order to avoid getting addicted I normally take this drug only once a week - that&#039;s not too  regularly.  But whenever I have taken it has helped immensely without any side effect what so ever."
"This pill has cleared up my acne and regulated my period! I used to never get my period and now I get it every single month. I did go up a few bra sizes but I remain the same weight overall. It did make my period very heavy and very painful along with bad emotional breakdowns on the sugar pills. Other than that, I really like this pill!"
"Had really bad diarrhea. "
"I have bipolar 2, BPD, anxiety, and PTSD from past trauma. I have taken many drugs over the years, including 
SSRI&#039;s and lithium carbonate. No medication has help with my anxiety, depression, and mood swings anywhere near as effectively as Lamictal. Within 2 weeks I felt like &quot;myself&quot; again. I felt like a weight had been lifted. My appetite and sleep patterns also became more normalised. I am on 100mg twice a day. And have been for about 6 months. I was ready to give up on medications, then I was but on Lamictal. It was like night and day. It&#039;s hard to describe, honestly. But I feel much for content and happier in general. The only side effect I can remember is when I missed a dose, I got very aggravated and moody. Much love!"
"I have been using this product for about four months. There are no side affects that I can see. It&#039;s easy to use, just put a small amount on and it will go a long way and the more you massage it into your skin it seems to help more. The only bad thing is that it is oily. So its best to let it seep into your pores."
"I did not like this medication nor do I recommend it.
 I don&#039;t know if I was taking a low dose or a normal dose but I was on 10 mg twice a day. That medication made me feel very tingly, I felt like a rubberband that was stretched pulled, this was a daily feeling, it was scary. 
 I also had feelings of not being able to control myself. For example when washing dishes I felt that I was out of control. So I hurried and washed dishes.
 I took this medication for about 2 months, I stopped taking it. I will never again take it again.
 What did help me with 95% of my anxiety attacks was to stay away from sugar and flour products. Now I rarely have anxiety attacks. More Protein!"
"I first started with Reclipsen a year ago for 2-3 months and experienced extreme mood swings. Very emotional and sensitive to everything/anything. I&#039;m not an emotional person. I also did get frequent headaches. I decided to switch to a generic (similar to Reclipsen) which alleviated all side effects. I started taking Reclipsen again this month after my annual check up (my doctor refilled for name brand) I&#039;m on week 2 and I&#039;m having the same side effects. I had a major melt down which made me question what is really going on? I realized it must be the birth control. I&#039;m going back to generic asap. I had no weight gain, cramping nor acne issues while taking Reclipsen only mood swings and headaches."
"I have been on Depo Provera since April 2009 and now its December 2009. I had an okay experience. The best thing about it was that it stopped my period right away which was really nice for sports. I did not gain weight, have nausea or sore breasts, but it really lowered my sex drive and it made me drier than normal for the first few months. I think it caused some hair loss but not too much. My boyfriend said I was really moody on it which has really interfered with our relationship. (I think I had some depression because of that). I am switching to the NuvaRing in two weeks and hopefully I will be less moody. All over, Depo Provera was okay. I would recommend trying it at least to see how you react to it."
"THANK YOU Endo Pharmaceuticals for coming up with this life-changing migraine treatment. It has proven to work much more effectively than Imitrex, Zomig, Relpax and Maxalt--and has relatively no side effects, unlike the other triptans, which have helped with my migraines, but had so many unpleasant side effects (especially in the case of Imitrex). And although I am a male, I&#039;ve heard wonderful things concerning Frova in the treatment of menstrual migraines. Bravo!"
"In the past, I took Mirapex for moderate-to-severe Restless Legs Syndrome. It was 100% effective in eliminating all symptoms. I had no side-effects. I currently take REQUIP which is also 100% effective. I switched to Requip to take a drug holiday from Mirapex, upon the recommendation of my neurologist."
"I&#039;ve been blessed to find my Doctor. He offers much more than just one condition he could treat me with several issues on stopping my cycle of addiction. "
"I have suffered with severe anxiety and panic attacks, which manifested itself into not sleeping.  I literally stopped sleeping for several days.  Ended up in the ER a couple times and at the doctors all that week and finally had to be admitted to a mental health facility because nothing they were giving me was working.   I literally thought I was going to die.  After 9 days they finally found something that helped me sleep.   It was a combination of Doxepin 100mg, Xanax, Tramadol (which soon switched to Benadryl)  and Ambien.  These drugs gave me my life back and slowly restored my sleep cycle.  After a year or so I was weaned off the Ambien and then the Benadryl, so now I just take the Xanax &amp; Doxepin (now lowered to 50mg).  Amazing."
"I have Implanon since June 2010. You really don&#039;t get pregnant because you don&#039;t have sex. Since I got it its been terrible. The first month I had all the side effects and had my period for a month then it stopped so I was very happy. Well it didn&#039;t last long because I had it again the next day for 2 week then it went away for 2 days and had it again for 3 weeks and so on. My doctor told me it might take 8 month to adjust. "
"Of the many medicines used, Westcort has been by far the most effective for my eczema."
"I started back on Depakote 2 weeks ago. My headaches are better but my hands are shaky and my stomach aches.  Better than a migraine so I will continue."
"Valtrex is amazing! I have suffered my whole life from cold sores, usually covering with makeup, alcohol, abreva (obviously nothing worked) then my doctor suggested valtrex which is phenomenal!!!! My outbreaks only last maybe 3 days compared to 8-12!"
"My 7.5 year old son has been taking 10mg Focalin for nearly a year.  Immediately it was a &quot;miracle&quot; for us.  He had good behavior marks in school, could finish his work and we were getting along better at home too.  About a month ago it seemed like maybe he had outgrown his dose, we upped it to 15mg.  Immediately again, great results.  But, we spent 4 hours in the ER tonight getting 2 EKGs &amp; xrays because of his chest pains and irregular heartbeat.  Final diagnosis: stop taking Focalin.  As much as I loved the behavior and focus improvements he had from the drug, I love him more and can&#039;t risk damaging his heart."
"The pharmacy said my old bc was no longer covered and gave me this saying the ingredients were the same when I asked. Obviously there&#039;s varying degrees. I bled for over two weeks the last week I questioned whether I had ruptured cyst, miscarriage.. The cramps were soo horrendous I threw up. HORRIBLE!!!!"
"Great for muscle spasms"
"It worked wonders on my bladder/kidney infection unfortunately, it returned 3 weeks later though.  "
"This was given to me through an IV before an ICD implant. It worked fast and in less than a minute I was totally relaxed and a little sleepy. I don&#039;t remember being wheeled into the OR or being put under. Really helped relieve all anxiety I had before surgery."
"Tramadol works as expected. It does just enough so I can remain functional without stepping up to stronger painkillers. Tramadol only works for me if I take the doses consistently. When I first started taking Tramadol it took about a week for the medicine to be fully effective."
"I&#039;ve tried so many antidepressants but this one has been the best. I was on 10mg for a month and just had my dosage increased to 20 mg, two days ago. I do feel sick; nausea and a little disoriented but those are bearable side effects to me. I have had energy, better concentration but the biggest thing I love about this antidepressant is that I have my sex drive back. My libido wasn&#039;t affected like it has been in the past with other meds; I&#039;ve actually had increased sex drive. So far I feel &quot;okay&quot; but hopefully since 20mg is the therapeutic dose, that I feel more &quot;content&quot; or &quot;happy&quot; with my life soon. "
"I have been on Dexedrine XR 2 15mg in morning for 19 years and I don&#039;t know what I wound do without it. When I go a day with it I just can&#039;t seem to get my everyday living done I feel scatter brain my thoughts don&#039;t make sense some time and I feel like my brain cant keep up with itself and that is no way to live. I&#039;m so thankful for this medicine because without I don&#039;t know where I would be in life. "
"It is the only thing that works for my chronic otitis externa. My only complaint is the $200.00 price increase. Yes, last summer I could purchase it for $36.00, at this time I must pay $228.00 for a 10 ml bottle."
"In 2003 I started on (brand name) Celexa 5 mg a day for anxiety and depression. Within a week I started to feel almost a magical feeling of well being and a nice calmness within myself. The world looking brighter and so much better. For once in my life I felt that the hole in my soul was healing. No more anxiousness and crying most of the time and no more waves of horrible emotional pain. I gradually worked up to 10 mgs a day and now I am on 20 mgs a day. I did have a headache, nausea and loss of appetite. They went away. I gained weight but was feeling so much better. I tried generic Celexa for almost 1 month and I felt irritable-like a dark cloud descended upon me. It is not the same as the Brand. "
"Whatever it takes get on Viibryd today. Talk your doctor into a diagnosis that meets the general indication for this medicine and watch all your symptoms (real, imagined, and subtly feigned) of depression, anxiety, and many other axis 1 psychiatric disorders disappear like magic. Viibryd is totally awesome."
"Seroquel really snapped me out of a terrible manic episode. The self-injury, obsessive thoughts and sleeplessness stopped within two days of my first doses. Currently it is a regular part of my drug cocktail, at a maintenance dose of 50 mgs. It is the only drug that has truly been able to hold the mania at bay. I have had weight gain, but I will select weight gain over a living hell every single time. Seroquel makes me happy to be alive again."
"Only thing that actually works!"
"I am glad I came across this page.  I too have had a terrible experience with this pill.  I started them to control my periods and abnormal bleeding however, I have been bleeding for nearly 5 months with only a total 16 days of no bleeding.  They have been heavy and clotted.  I was told that it would take three months for my periods to taper off but it is just as bad now as it was 5 months ago.  I have not experienced any weight gain however on the days where I was not bleeding I was very bloated.  I even went to a couple of doctors thinking that I may have a serious medical condition but they found nothing.  Now I know that I am not the only one who is having this problem.  I have quit taking them and will be switching to a different brand"
"I take clonidine to lower the sweaty feeling that comes with taking methadone and it works well for me. Only side effect is I get dizzy sometimes when I stand up too fast."
"After being diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis (2012)I began experiencing anxiety and depression excepting this life change and handling the symptoms. My doctor prescribed me Lexapro 20mg/daily which helped with mild anxiety and over all day to day stress. However, I still experienced heavy anxiety while traveling &amp; taking on new projects/assignments at work. I explained that I felt that the Lexapro was great but not working in all situations. My doctor then switched me to Luvox 200mg/daily. I&#039;ve been taking Luvox for less than a week now and am already experiencing dry mouth, lack of motivation, diarrhea, nausea, light headedness/faint, and being more emotional and irritable. Obviously not for me. Life over all was better with Lexapro."
"Great for colds."
"I was on the pill called Diane when I was in my early 20s and found that it made me anxious and depressed. I went off the pill all together because it scared me. I found that I started to break out after I got off it and no matter what face products I used, the pimples would not go away. I then went to my GP and explained the effects that I got from my recent experience with the pill. She then recommended that I try Yaz. It was the best advise I have ever been given. It took a few months to kick in but my period pains aren&#039;t as bad as they used to be, I&#039;m happier, my sex drive is great and my pimples are finally clearing up! Although this has worked for me, I would suggest speaking with your GP to see if this is right for you."
"I have Mirena for over 6.5 years due to my heavy periods because of uterine myomas. I just replaced new one over a year ago. I had natural delivery of 3 kids, so extraction even with hysteroscopy and insertion was a &quot;piece of cake&quot; for me. Did not sense anything. The plus sides are that it does the job and I have no excessive bleeding nor get pregnant or having any physical discomfort at all. However, I have several other side effects. Bad mood, low sex drive, weight gain over 25 kg and never gone down (I got 10 kg in first 3 months after first insertion), insomnia (cannot sleep at all without sleeping pill), my migraine have worsening, all body swelling - particular face and eyes (like I was heavy crying)......"
"So far the med has me feeling terrible akasthia when I take it at night. Im switching from risperdone 2 mg to latuda 80 mg and I dread taking the pill at night because I know I&#039;ll feel like im jumping out of my skin"
"Surprised at how easy it is to swallow the pills."
"I&#039;ve only been taking this birth control for about 4 days, which yes, I know is little, but I don&#039;t think I can stand another day! I feel nauseous on it and threw up a few times and I slept until 1:30pm today (so I had about 13 hours of sleep, if not more, and I would&#039;ve kept sleeping if my brother didn&#039;t wake me up) I still feel exhausted and can barely walk around without wanting to sit. Hopefully you won&#039;t get this experience but I really don&#039;t think I can continue on this pill, waiting it out is not worth it for me."
"I have been taking Fluoxetine for about four years now. I love what it does for me in the emotional part of my life, but lately I have noticed a couple of side effects. I can&#039;t sleep and have lack of sex drive. That is a bummer and the lack of sleep, well I do get more done in a longer day now."
"I&#039;m pre-diabetic and was prescribed this medicine 2.5 months ago. I started at 100 mg for a week, then went to 300 mg. I had no idea I could lose weight so quickly. I am down about 25 lbs without changing my eating habits. I drink tons more because you are always thirsty, which means you urinate more often. Yeast infections and some hair loss seem to be the negatives but will stay on it as long as the benefits out weigh the negatives."
"Used to treat panic symptoms of anxiety. Quite effective for me with little side effects"
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for a little under a month now and I&#039;m 19.  This is my first birth control.  I&#039;ve never had acne and have started breaking out. The first week I had severe nausea, fatigue and cramps, the second week was fine aside from general moodiness, and then the first day of the third week I got my period and am now on day 9 of bleeding. I started birth control to shorten the absurd length of my period due to my extremely busy schedule, but this birth control has given me is a lighter but no shorter period, extreme fatigue, and a mean/cranky demeanor."
"I had the Depo shot 3 times and for the whole 9 months I was bleeding. The first 3 months I was told it was normal and to wait another 3 months so I did. Then I was told that I needed to wait ANOTHER 3 months and so I did. Finally I couldn&#039;t take it anymore. I was going through boxes of tampons and it had ruined my sex life with my boyfriend at that time. Now I have best friend who had been on it for over 3 years and she has had NO PERIODS whatsoever! Not fair right? This is not for everyone. I would recommend only giving it 3 months to see what your body does."
"For me, this medication worked everywhere but on my facial hair.  It was definitely systemic for me as I noticed no hair growth in areas of my body, previously hairy, but no change in my facial hair.  I have rheumatoid arthritis and I take a medication that causes hair loss.  I noticed that there was no regrowth in hair on my scalp that I lost from the medication. "
"The drop works pretty fast, however it makes my eyes feel tingly. That&#039;s as scientific of an explanation as I can come up with."
"I began on a low dose of the ER 37.5 &amp; immediately noticed the dry mouth, headaches and burning pit in my stomach 24/7.  Then came the blurry vision, urinary issues &amp;  by day 10, the most debilitating stiff &amp; painful back you can imagine. I knew it had to be related to the meds since this is NOT a Fibro symptom (at least for me) nor did I do anything to injure  myself. Before I discovered it was the meds I had gone to a walk in clinic (or hobble in clinic) &amp; was given muscle relaxers. Nothing worked. Not ibuprofen, hot or cold compresses or muscle relaxers. After researching further I found that this medication can cause severe muscle stiffness.  I then asked my Dr.&#039;s nurse if this was true and she said yes, she experienced it herself."
"I had Mirena inserted 8 weeks after my daughter was born, it hurt to get it inserted. I had spotting for 3 to 6 months then nothing, I had it for 3 years then had it removed, removal was easy, it didn&#039;t hurt and a light period then nothing for 6 weeks then bam period. Loved it. Just wish it didn&#039;t throw off my period."
"Worked for me. If taken as directed not missing any dose is very effective medicine for managing HIV, the side effects lessen progressively as your body gets used to it."
"I had it implanted August 2015 and at first I bled for two or three straight months. Now, I get two periods a month. I can&#039;t wait to get it removed. I also get extreme mood swings from the amount of hormones. It may work for some but definitely talk to your doctor."
"It WORKS! I&#039;m at the end of my first week on Belviq, and I have lost 8lbs. I&#039;ve also been eating healthier with weight watchers and walking a couple times a week.  It don&#039;t have any side effects I&#039;ve noticed and it makes me not even care about food. It&#039;s a miracle pill. I eat when my belly tells me too, not nearly as much as I was..when I do eat I&#039;m full enough to last quite honestly till the next day. It&#039;s really wonderful and I highly recommend it."
"I have a mild YI, and don&#039;t have time to go to the doctor so i bought this product. I applied it at 10pm, and by 3am i was in the bathroom crying. The itching was so bad i couldn&#039;t help but itch it, which only irritated my vagina. it is now 4:30 and it is starting to get very slightly better. All i can say is i hope its working and that my YI will be gone when i wake up."
"I&#039;m 21 years old with no children. After trying many options of birth control I decided to try Skyla. The procedure is painful I am not going to lie, I stayed at the doctors office until I felt better. I advise that someone else drives you there. I had cramping for the next day or two but nothing terrible. Every once in a while I will get some cramping that lasts 30 minutes. I have been on Skyla for 3 months and have only had my period once. My doctor informed me that about 5% of Skyla users will stop getting a monthly period. I have gained15 pounds! I am happy with the choice I made to get Skyla, there is no need to worry about taking a pill or replacing a ring. I would recommend Skyla even though it is painful at first."
"I weighed 285 when had my first daughter in February of 2013. I lost all my baby weight and got down to 255 but quickly gained most of it back from the breastfeeing  (exclusively breastfed for 15 months. I had daughter number two in November 2014 and weighed 278. I quickly lost the baby weight once again and got down to 255 but had even worse cravings this time (breastfed only 4 months). Even after I quit breastfeeding my cravings continued. I felt like I was always hungry, nothing satisfied me and I could never get full. Not to mention my energy level was lower than ever. I joined the ymca but didn&#039;t have much luck with that due to my eating habits and lack of energy. I started Adipex yesterday (May 13) and weighed in at 275. WILL CONTINUE"
"I like the Trazadone, it works for me. When I first started taking it I woke up with a dry mouth, but is better now. I am like others, if I don&#039;t take it I don&#039;t sleep. I have been taking it for 4 years now at 150mg. So I would say just keep taking it - the side effects do go away."
"My derm gave me this along with minocycline, I had it in the strongest strength and as the topical solution. stopped using going into 2 weeks because all it did was cause severe redness and irritation and made my pimples bleed (I never even popped them or anything) my skin looked horrible. I broke down the whole next week until my skin went back to normal. PS- It burns like heck"
"SUCKS! Doesn&#039;t work at all!! Kept me up half the night from sneezing.. Seriously feel the same from when I didn&#039;t take any medicine at all. Definitely should of read the reviews before buying ."
"I started this topical ointment back in February. Skin takes quite a while to get acclimated. I&#039;d say a month+ before it stops burning. I&#039;d apply Epiduo followed by Aquaphor to combat the dryness and it just seals your face up for a good 20 minutes. I peeled a lot in the beginning, but I did not purge. I notice it actually makes skin much oilier since the pores are now unclogged. If I wear moisturizer under makeup, I&#039;m an oil slick by noon. I try to avoid moisturizer now. I still have gotten pimples and a cyst so I&#039;m not sure how amazing this is. Also, someone said use this in the morning. Please don&#039;t do that. "
"Before trying MoviPrep, I initially bought a different laxative that came in a 4L antifreeze-looking bottle.  Once I got home and looked at the bottle I was terrified at having to drink 4 liters of the stuff.  After further research I found moviprep and was relieved that it was only half that volume.  I expected it to taste much worse.  It was fairly easy to drink at the start.  By the last few glasses, it definitely got a little harder to drink but it was certainly tolerable."
"I have taken Ambien CR on a nightly basis for nearly two years now and have found that it is truly helpful. I have found that after a year or so on a 6.25 mg dosage I had to go up to 12.5 mg in order to achieve the same result. Other than developing a tolerance to it however, I have found that Ambien CR is extremely effective. I am able to fall asleep easily and my sleep is a very peaceful one that leaves me feeling well rested in the morning."
"Very interesting medicine. It has made a huge difference in the treatment of Diabetes mellitus. "
"I have been taking victoza for three weeks and have lost ten pounds but at the cost of being sick as a dog every day. Cannot eat or stand the smell food cooking. I am done with this junk as of today."
"I recently started using the patch. I have had to wear a pad everyday prior to using it. I&#039;m only on day 6, second patch, and I feel like my life has changed. I can walk, exercise, even sneeze and have no problem. I was concerned about the adhesive because I have allergies and sensitive skin, but I haven&#039;t had an issue. I place the patch on my lower abdomen off to the side. I removed the excess adhesive with baby oil and q-tips. It came right off. I&#039;ll definitely keep using this product."
"only gives me 4-6 hrs. of sleep per night.  Was hoping for 7-8.  Take 15 mg. with 10 mg. Melatonin and .25 mg. Xanax at bedtime"
"Began yaz on the 20th of August because I was diagnosed with endometriosis and it caused me to have a 23 day period. 3 days after my period came again for 9 days and it was extremely painful worse than ever before and very heavy. I stopped using yaz at that point and now 6 days after here I am again with a next period heavy and painful. Wish I had never used this drug. Worst experience ever. Hoping to go back to a normal cycle soon because this is uncomfortable."
"Currently on my first dose of Suprep. I should mention, I&#039;m 20 years old and otherwise very healthy, I drank the whole first bottle with water in about 10 minutes at 6 pm. The taste was honestly horrific, I almost puked it up every time I sipped on it (so I finally just chugged it).  I think I&#039;m going to dilute the second dose with more water because it was so salty I wanted to vomit.

It&#039;s now 7:25 pm and I&#039;ve gone at least 15 times. Everything is running clear already so I really don&#039;t want to do the second dose in the morning... But alas, it is what it is. I&#039;ve been ridiculously nauseous since I first drank it, been trying to keep up with my water intake but have come close to vomiting several times so I&#039;m trying to take it slow."
"Ladies, let me just first say that the mind is a very powerful thing, and just like you I read all these reviews and was terrified.  I told my doctor I was nervous of how awful it was going to feel and he assured me that it was all in my head.  He was right, it was nothing like the reviews I have read. I counted how long it took, it was less than 2 minutes.  AND I counted how long the severe cramping lasted during, and that was less than 20 seconds.  Yes the cramps felt like a very powerful menstrual cramp and it was not comfortable, but it was so so so short.  I left the office feeling completely fine, just feeling like I had menstrual cramps.  Very little spotting the next few days.  Don&#039;t let the reviews scare you!"
"I&#039;ve had stubborn acne for years and have tried so many different products. This gel hasn&#039;t totally cleared up my skin, but it has definitely improved it. At first, I piled it on problem areas like a spot treatment and didn&#039;t follow the instructions to apply a thin layer all over every night. It didn&#039;t work that way- it needs to be used consistently. When I started using it properly, my skin got dry and irritated especially around my mouth but it adjusted pretty quickly (I skip a night when needed). My old hyperpigmentation has started to fade a bit and new breakouts go away faster, but it&#039;s not a miracle cure for me."
"I was on every single acne medication even acutane which helped for awhile and then I still would get cystic acne around my period. My doctor told me it was all hormonal acne and put me on spironolactone and its the only thing that has ever helped me! I&#039;m so happy!"
"Definitely assists with relief from persistent coughing after sinus or cold symptoms."
"This medication is PHENOMENAL!! I&#039;m 11 and I was only about 81 pounds, which was a problem for me. But then my doctor prescribed me with this pill and it totally changed my life!!! In about 4 weeks I was 90 pounds... I was so happy!!! I definitely recommend this pill if you are trying to gain weight. Although it will make you sleepy it&#039;s still very helpful because I do have trouble going to sleep at night!!! I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PILL, AND IT HAS DEFINITELY CHANGED MY LIFE!!!!
"
"Works well but I need it 3 x a day."
"I have been on this birth control for approximately 7 months. I really like it ( for one reason, no period!) This concerned me at first because a period shows you that you aren&#039;t pregnant and also it is what our bodies naturally do. However, no cramps or anything like that is great! I changed to this pill because I was having some of the more severe side effects from ortho tri cyclyn lo. I do like micronor. However, since taking this pill I have back acne like crazy!!! I am 21 and am blessed to say have never had acne in the past. After 2 or 3 months of taking micronor, I broke out on my back and I&#039;m talking 10 or more bumps at a time! It&#039;s awful. Lately though, it is less severe. Only complaint. Satisfied overall."
"When, I tried Warfarin, I bruised considerably. Switched to a light dose (25mg) of  Metoprolol and have nearly complete relief. The few times a month I feel the heart flutter, I take a second 25mg. Problem completely solved without the risks of blood thinners. Also, I think blood thinners reduce some of the consequences of Atrial fibrillation without reducing the actual flutter."
"Plan b really did its job and saved my butt. I have used absolutely no contraceptive as well as letting my bf finish inside me. I know I was not very smart or safe but it was just in the moment after not seeing him for a few months. I took plan b around 4-6 hours after the fact. I had no side effects maybe a little nausea but after a few seconds it was gone. I got my period at the expected date as well. Do not be as negligent as I was and even though plan b did save me I would not fully count on it because it is in fact quite scary. Save yourself the stress and paranoia and think before you act."
"I have stiffness in lower back, pain in neck area, hips for many years but the pain is tolerable.  I also get periodic muscle stabs of pain followed by a twitch like when you fall asleep.  From time to time the pain would get bad and I would need to take pain medications.  Narcotics never worked but Toradol would work good BUT when I had a allergic reaction to the Toradol with hives and itching and went to the ER they gave me prednisone.  Within two days of taking the prednisone I had SO MUCH energy and was pain FREE.  I felt like I was 20 years old again.  I had ambition to get things done.  I felt SO good.  I felt like I discovered the fountain of youth.  Don&#039;t know if it is coincidence but I never had the pain until I contracted HSV."
"Takes away the anxiety."
"I found out 6 years ago, I was positive and found out at early stage, maybe 3/4 months after catching the virus. I ignored the situation and my immune system was doing well. I only went to the hospital every 2 years just to know what stage the virus was at. In Feb 2010 I was diagnosed vl-1112 and cd4-455. In Oct 2015 with no treatment vl-3400 and cd4-425. Now iv decided to start taking the medication in Dec 2015, cos I was worried about the strain on my immune system and the cuts in government in general. Now I&#039;ve been taking triumeq (the only treatment IV been on) and at the beginning I had insomnia. My results as of last week are now vl-less than 40 and cd4-570."
"I started on 10mg and I&#039;ve been on it for one week now. It makes me feel a little slow so I cut it in half and take one half in morning and the other half at lunch. I&#039;m going to keep this routine up for a little while and see how it works. So far I like Viibryd because it doesn&#039;t make me feel lethargic like Lexapro."
"I have been on oxycontin for 6 years now.  I take 20mg 2 x a day along with a couple of other medicines. Before oxycontin, I was on 14 or more prescriptions that didn&#039;t work. I was ready to give up.  Now, my pain from Fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue along with several surgeries is tolerable. Every now and then I forget to take my oxycontin in the morning and my body reminds me what life would be like without it.  I don&#039;t know what I would do if it was ever pulled from the market."
"Recommend!! I initially had the 10 yr IUD (2001) it was awesome, I barely even knew it was there. 
After that I got the Merena and liked it as well. I think the key is to make sure your OBGYN knows what they are doing when its inserted."
"I&#039;ve had extremely bad heartburn for several years. While I don&#039;t experience reflux the chest pain and throat/sinus pain are all consuming. I can no longer tolerate this pain. I&#039;ve been on a diet of mostly rice, applesauce, oatmeal, lean protein and an occasional veggie. Everything including water gives me heartburn all day/everyday.  It appears I have Nutcracker Esopgagus or esophageal spasms. Two weeks ago I received an esophageal Botox injection which is meant to relax the esophagus, thus reduce spasms. I&#039;ve experienced no relief. I had this same procedure six months ago and enjoyed nearly 3 months heartburn free!  I believe it&#039;s failed this time. I tried Prevacid 15mg OTC and experienced 25% improvement. Suggestions?"
"Generally produces a firm erection, although diminishing over time."
"I began taking my Synthroid three weeks ago and I feel great. First I began breaking my 25 mcg pills into quarters and started out taking only a 1/4 pill. I do this in the morning with a glass of water. I am now taking one 25 mcg pill. My sleeping has improved, I have more energy, my skin looks better and my face does not look tired,. I refused to take this drug initially when I was first diagnosed in 2011 because of a bad scare taking the generic brand, so I let my new meds sit for six months before trying this brand. It works wonders for me and being a life-long gym and karate guy, I have more energy to do laps in the pool and do weights too. I have taken iodine and it works ok, but nothing like my Synthroid. Time will tell."
"I have been constipated for the past 8 months following an injury that left me with two broken vertebrae.  Nothing seemed to help. Went to GI and they ordered a scope. Started me on Amitiza.  I had been taking Miralax and Ducolax as well as the occasional stimulant laxative.  The day I started on Amitiza I destroyed my bathroom. Very few side effects.  I take the 8mg dose. People that complain of bad side effects are probably taking the higher dose.  It&#039;s literally like the scene from 300 where the Spartan kicks the Persian in the chest and he falls down the well. It&#039;s like Amitiza is doing that but in my colon.  "
"Have had headaches almost daily for over 4 years. I have been given several different medication. Most not very affective. The pain has completely changed our  lives. I was recently put on Maxalt. It is helping more than most.  I have been prescribed 10 mg of Maxalt  that I can take two a day over a period of 24 hrs. Sometimes I have 3 headaches a day so that limited amount doesn&#039;t  keep me very functional. 
Does anyone have suggestions?
How is their Maxalt prescribed?"
"I have been on the pill for 3 months now. It helped my acne fairly good, regulated my period. As far as weight gain, I have been experiencing a lot of &quot;cravings&quot; more than ever before! Loss of energy, tiredness, mood swings are also side effects that I have experienced. I used to enjoy the gym but now I don&#039;t feel as motivated. My sex drive is blaaaa.  I do recommend drinking a lot of water when taking the pill."
"I love it! I&#039;m 20 with a 2 month old and it was uncomfortable when I got it inserted, &amp; I had cramps and bleeding for the first day. After that, nothing. I&#039;m in love with it. Definitely recommend it."
"Love this! I was a little discouraged at first because the magic number of 3 months didn&#039;t work for me. However when I hit 4 months all of my back acne was gone and my face had totally cleared up. I&#039;ve never seen anything like it. I still get the odd zit and for individuals who react well with Yaz I find that acne can be caused by eating dairy products. I don&#039;t doubt if I cut milk and cheese out of my diet, as well as continued on the pill I would have 0 acne at all."
"Pristiq has helped with my depression and anxiety. I can&#039;t believe how good these are. It really does boost your energy levels, morning&#039;s were the worst for me, waking up was hard. Not anymore. I&#039;m much happier, its also boosted my sex drive."
"I have suffered from Fibromyalgia for over 20 years and never even knew about the condition until I was diagnosed by my rheumatologist.  After years of suffering from flu like symptoms, fatigue, and overall muscle and joint pain, I finally agreed to try the medication. I only take Tylenol for the pain and was reluctant to go on any type of medication.  My doctor prescribed the Savella trial pack which started with 12.5 mg and up.  Other than slight nausea in the first week, I have never felt better in my life.  I wake up in the morning pain and stiffness free.  I thank God for Savella and hope that it works for other people as it has worked for me.  Still on the 12.5 after two months and am doing great!"
"This is my first day starting this pill. I switched from the implant in my arm to this pill because I was told it would help with my acne and my heavy periods! I am hoping this will help and work I will keep you posted on my experience after 2 weeks!! I hope I have good luck like a lot of the woman on here saying it helped with  acne and periods."
"DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG. I started this drug mid January 2016-March 2016 I&#039;ve had depression anxiety, panic attacks, insomnia thoughts of suicide, headaches. I got better by September 2016 but my body crashed again in the October (another common side effect from this drug) got better by Christmas but since February 2016 I&#039;ve gone down hill.
Please don&#039;t take this use topical or have a hair transplant."
"I generally always have a headache but can get through the day with no problems. But recently my headaches really trigger my migraines and with them I get nausea, sensitivity to light, and extreme pain in my head! When I explained this to my doctor he prescribed Treximet and I am so glad he did. I take one pill on my onset of a migraine and within 30-60 minutes I have complete relief. I&#039;m so happy I found out about Treximet !"
"I&#039;ve been taking YAZ for over a year now and I&#039;m proud to say I have nothing negative to say about it. Everythings been well, I&#039;ve got lighter and shorter periods, which I love! No abnormal things happening like mood swings or hairloss like other are experiencing. I think it really just depends on the person whether this pill is right for you, no 2 girls are the same in that area. I recommend it."
"I got sick and I went to my doctor because I had an 102 fever. My doctor said I should take this medicine so I did. I&#039;m on my third day and I woke up with no fever, my face was not sore anymore but I still had a cough and a runny nose. Two days left of this medicine and I think it will clear everything up. Unfortunately, I had diarrhea yesterday but now it&#039;s back to being loose like it was on day 1. thank god!!! I hate diarrhea :("
"I went on Depakote 10 weeks ago. My migraines are no different, but I&#039;ve gained 25 pounds. That&#039;s just crazy! Just switched to propranolol and I think my headaches are getting better."
"I would love to know if the patch worked for me but the patch just would not stay on (2 days the longest).  Two boxes (8) patches wasted. "
"Had ParaGard inserted in May of 2016 and so far loving it!!  Procedure was uncomfortable but not painful.   Did have my period but didn&#039;t take anything beforehand. Didn&#039;t even know you could take something to soften your cervix!  No cramping after.   First two periods were intense to say the least.   Very heavy bleeding but you know that will happen.   My period always had 1-2 heavy days.  Some spotting between periods. After the 3 month mark periods were better but the IUD did increase my period from 4 days to 7 days.   But only about 3 of those days are medium to heavy.   Would definitely recommend!!!"
"I have been on trulicity for a year and 6 months. First year .75 then went up to 1.5 last 6 months. I like it no side effects at all. Even with the high dosage. I went from 203lbs down to 180lbs. 23 lbs. lost without trying. Sugar is still going up. But it bought me probably 2 years or more before insulin. Which means a lot when you drive for a living. My age is 58 and a half."
"I&#039;m coming off the depo shot. My second and last shot was six months ago, but it&#039;s still in my system. after my first dose of the depo shot, my periods stopped immediately. No bleeding AT ALL since then. Which I wouldn&#039;t really mind on its own, but it also intensified my already-bad anxiety. AND I gained 30lbs in three months. I&#039;m suspecting it&#039;s the cause of my chronic upper back pain too, which i didn&#039;t have until my second shot (its worse than cramps!). I was hoping to get it out of my system so my fiance and I could have a baby soon, as if these symptoms weren&#039;t bad enough to make me want to stop. Also, I don&#039;t know what&#039;s more of a hassle, keeping stocked on pads or pregnancy tests. Ugh. But it did its job as a birth control, so..."
"The medication worked when I first started using it.  I had a few side effects like dizziness upon standing and slightly blurred vision.  After taking the medicine for over two years, the effectiveness to my RLS has waned considerably.  I rarely have a night when I can sleep or even sit in a chair and watch television without my legs jumping.  I am constantly having to change positions or get up and walk or basically try anything to alleviate the problem.  Which doesn&#039;t always help."
"I had ended up in the ER a few times with weird problems like not being able to catch my breath and hyperventilating before I even new they were panic attacks. They started me on Ativan but it made me so hyper and loopy I literately forgot a few days so when I was put on Valium it was a God send. It prevents and treats panic attacks without the loopy feeling and It doesn&#039;t affect my ability to perform daily activities so I&#039;d recommend it to anyone seeking this type of help."
"Did not work only gained weight"
"I started taking Seasonique about 6 months ago when my boyfriend recommended I switch birth controls. (I was previously on Apri 28 and it made me crazy) I love Aeasonique! It&#039;s amazing to only have to worry about periods once every three months! One con I did notice is slight cramping around the times I used to get my period, other then this the birth control is amazing. I have clearer skin, lost weight, and have been feeling like myself again. Would recommend this to anyone!"
"I was prescribed atenolol for hypertension and high heart rate (12 mg, once daily), unless my heart rate gets down to 60 or below. It seems great, in that I am &quot;calmer&quot; or more relaxed; but the only thing I am wondering about is the slow weight gain. My diet is the same now as it was before when I started taking it. I am calling the physician to see if that may be why."
"Like everyone else it does burn. Mine is bearable though. After about 20mins it started to die down. I just figured it was burning from itching before and it being most likely raw/sensitive down there from the infection. As long as it works I will deal with the little burning I&#039;ve had. Also, some people don&#039;t have that great of insurance and it costs more to see a doctor than to get the over the counter prescription of it. Will use again!"
"I have had PD since age 39.  I have been taking Stalevo since available.  It has worked wonders for me as long as I don&#039;t forget to take it.  I tried all three compmonents of Stalevo as individual pills, and they did not work for me like their combination in Stalevo.  Highly recommend."
"36, female. I have been on Lexapro 10mg since late March &#039;16. I&#039;m very active... running, hiking, yoga and still managed to put on 10lbs in 6 months and the sexual side effects suck! Pdoc added Wellbutrin XL 150mg/day to try to help with SSRI induced SE. I have been on the WB for 2 days now and I could not believe that it already brought back much of my libido, as well as sensation and faster orgasm. I hope this keeps up- if so the WB/SSRI combo may save us all! Good luck!
UPDATE (3 mo use): Wellbutrin XL still doing wonders for my depression. Still helps with sexual side effects from the Lexapro, but not as much as the first week mentioned above. Def helping but not eliminating. I&#039;ll still take it though b/c I def need some serotonin too"
"I was on Zoloft for about 5 years. Before that I was on Effexor and Paxil which I did not tolerate well due to the half life. Zoloft was good but after several years I developed side effects. Tremor, jaw clenching, weight gain, sexual dysfunction...I weaned myself off of all meds which was really hard. It&#039;s been nearly a year and I&#039;m ready to go back on something. I&#039;ve tried natural therapies for SADD, PMDD, depression, anxiety and it&#039;s not working."
"Listen up. I shoved some of that Monistat 1 in my downstairs hallway last night and holy Lord Vulvamort was that a bad idea. You&#039;d think well, 1 day of treatment is way better than 3 and definitely better than 7, but trust me, if you don&#039;t want your babycave to feel as though it&#039;s been torched by Satan himself, stick to the mullti day. 
Then while writhing in pain and trying to stop the devil cream from burning a new hole down there, I read the reviews. This is a common thing that happens with the Monistat 1. 
Don&#039;t use it."
"Diagnosed with kidney stone at 7:00 am, started on Flomax shortly after, passed it by 2:00 pm that day. Also on Oxycodone with Acetaminophen for pain. Took only one dose of each and it passed. I felt lucky."
"I enjoyed being on Yaz very much. I had to switch to a different pill because it&#039;s not covered under my insurance. The only side effects I really ever noticed were an increased sex drive, increase in breast size, decrease in appetite, mild reoccurring yeast infections (I&#039;ve tested positive for track/yeast infections a few times but with little to no pain).
Overall, I was extremely happy with Yaz and I&#039;m upset that I have to start a different pill."
"Worst birth control ever. I would NOT recommend this birth control to anyone. I experienced non stop bleeding to the point where it was effecting my sex life with my boyfriend. I was always depressed, horrible mood swings, I got severe nausea and got sick to my stomach on it. And the migraines were the worst. I thought the implant would be covient due to the fact that I don&#039;t have to remember to take it everyday. But I&#039;m SO glad its out."
"Wonderful antibiotic did not have any side effects whatsoever. It also cleared my tonsil infection."
"I took this medicine for 3 weeks and I became a completely different person I got really depressed, very moody, bad headache, vivid dreams, body was achy, nausea and throwing up. I stopped taking it after my 3rd day of not getting out of bed because I was so depressed and nauseated. I have quit smoking before and the depression and moodiness I felt from this medicine is NOT normal nicotine withdrawal it is definitely side effects from the medicine. On the medicine it took me all I had just to do one load of laundry. I am quitting cold turkey now."
"absolute worst birth control I&#039;ve been on. My last brand was discontinued and was given orynthia. I&#039;ve had my period for 3 out of the 4 weeks I have been on it."
"I&#039;ve been in this 3 months now. Have gained 11 lbs!!! I excersise, eat right and I look swollen. Have had 3 different spotting occasions that haven&#039;t lasted more than 3 days at a time. No cramps to really reports, occasional night sweats, no headaches. Just really hating the weight gain!"
"Hi. I&#039;ve been on Champix for my 2nd day now.I  haven&#039;t had a cigarette for 2 days. When I started the first tablet on the first day of quitting smoking I just thrown everything away and just stopped. I have not even had no cravings neither."
"It&#039;s works fast take it as directed  it does not completely cure but gets you to the point where you can manage the pain I had a very severe gout attack could not walk two hous later I was limping two days later I&#039;m walking and limping it should be over soon thank god for this little green pill"
"Helps alot after a long hard day of being a mom of 3."
"I originally began doxazosin 4mg for blood pressure many years ago. Over the years I needed additional medicines for blood pressure but continued taking doxazosin 4mg twice a day. I had been told that it would be helpful in maintaining urine flow. Not long ago I began taking Proscar.

I thought that the Cardura would no longer be needed so I stopped. Within 2-3 days there was a definite reduction in urine flow. I repeated the off, then on again routine 3 times with the same rather dramatic results. I will continue with the doxazosin. 
PS: I have never noticed side effects at all."
"I used Wellbutrin XL for two years, and in conjunction with sensible eating and a walking regimen, lost 75 pounds.  I believe the Wellbutrin gave me the motivation to stick with the eating and exercise plan.  It may have also provided a pharmacological effect. I&#039;ve since stopped using Wellbutrin due to it not being specifically recognized as a weight loss product, but rather as an antidepressant.  Choosing this product in assisting my weight loss categorized me as being depressed, and adversely affected my ability to obtain favorable life insurance premium rates. After using Wellbutrin, I was given Bupropion XL due to managed care requirements to switch to generic prescription.  I stopped taking Bupropion because it proved ineffective for me."
"I am 19 years old and I have been so embarrassed by my excessive underarm sweat for as long as I can remember. The worst was when I realized that I would sweat more from my underarms than the guys I hung out with. I tried every &#039;prescription strength&#039; and &#039;clinical strength&#039; over the counter product that I could find (I even tried mens clinical strength antiperspirant/deodorant), and nothing gave me relief. Finally I talked to my doctor and she mentioned Drysol. I have very sensitive skin, and when I had to use it for the first 2-3 days in a row, I have excessive itching and burning, and a rash, but I toughed it out, and now I no longer have the burning or rash. I have been using the product for 2 weeks now and I couldn&#039;t be happier!"
"I really think this medicine is the best I have tried. Sometimes I even go too low, it works so well. Also it&#039;s an exellent choice if using pain medicine. It helps with withdrawels when its time to get off. It&#039;s the best medice out there for this purpose also. It&#039;s annoying that its so expensive and my insurance wont cover it but I am going to try the discount card from the site."
"I started taking Qsymia one year ago in October and I have lost a total of 80 lbs. (29 lbs. to goal). I&#039;m a 28 year old female, 5&#039;6 with a starting weight of 269 lbs. I suffer from polycystic ovarian syndrome so weight loss has been a difficult journey for me and my doctor and I decided to try this medication. I have to say that I am thrilled with the results. This allows me to stick to a strict 1500 calorie a day meal plan (set by my doctor for my specific needs). I also workout for 30-45 minutes a day for 4 to 5 days a week. I add that, to say that you do have to put in some work in order to get the best benefits from this medicine. I haven&#039;t experienced any negative side effects. I see my doctor for monthly weigh-ins and vital checks just to make sure."
"I decided to have the Nexplanon put in after 5years of Mirena. Although I loved, I couldn&#039;t put myself through the pain of getting another one inserted. Everyone is different, and I feel there is an excess of horror stories about Nexplanon. So far I haven&#039;t noticed a single difference from the Mirena. Talk with your doc and see what is best for you. I needed a low dose of hormones because as I got older, the pills were making me ill. We tried several things before Mirena, and my doc said to expect Nexplanon to be the same. Just remember everyone is different."
"My boyfriend is only 32, but he still needed some help and the Testosterone supplement seems to turn back the clock. Never had a problem with libido or such, but there is a definite increase there. I&#039;ve noticed some weight loss and muscle gain on him which is sexy. "
"I was given Versed during a surgery on 12-27-2066, starting on 12-28-20016 and through the next two days I have been having periods when my heart starts beating wildly for no reason and other periods that it seems to slow and flutter.   I needed to return to Dr.&#039;s office for an EKG, but nothing was happening during the time of the test, so he saw nothing. This should pass in time, but who wants to mess with this for days to weeks after surgery? Five days after surgery I still can&#039;t focus my eyes together properly, and my vision is still blurry, and I am l a little dizzy. Close up objects are perceived as double."
"Had my first follow up today, been on Phentermine for 25 days and I&#039;m down 19 lbs. Few side affects...cotton mouth, anxiety occasionally like twice a day for a brief period and constipation which has lead to hemorrhoids. But, given the success of 19 pounds in 25 days, they side effects are definitely not severe enough to stop. I thought about stopping if the weight wasn&#039;t coming off but it definitely is. I encourage you to use my fitness pal and track what you eat as well. I&#039;m a 6&#039;4 male that started at 322 pounds. All I eat is between 1200-1500 calories per day and feel great!"
"Worst experience ever. I have not stopped bleeding right when I got the shot I immediately regretted it. Don&#039;t do it"
"My 3ml bottle was more potent, and I think the 5ml bottle is more diluted to increase fluid ounces but does not work as well, due to the lower content of the active / main ingredient . Cost more, and not really more, just watered down in my opinions. I have both bottles and having them tested for strength . Poor result so far with the 5ml bottle, nothing like before."
"Ritalin one of the best medications for ADD/ADHD. It works."
"I recommend not taking this medication!! I wake up in the middle of the night with nausea and vomiting, breast tenderness that hurts soooooo bad and also it raised my blood pressure. I had perfect blood pressure until I started taking this medicine. It makes me feel dizzy, I just didn&#039;t feel like myself at all."
"My doctor used liquid nitrogen oh my genital warts. And prescribed me the cream to use at home and I used it the same night thinking that it would make them go away faster. I burn myself and weeks later in the same area I&#039;ve broken out with these canker sore looking blisters   And I&#039;m freaking out hoping that they&#039;re not herpes. I don&#039;t believe I&#039;ve been exposed to it. But now these canker sore things are pretty much in the same place the genital warts were removed,  They&#039;re starting to go away now I have no discharge, they&#039;re not on the inside of my vagina. Could this be the results of burning myself with cream?  somebody help."
"In my research on RLS I found that iron deficiency could also be a contributing factor.  I have found that the combination of 300 mg of Neurontin twice daily and Hemocyte Plus once daily gives me the most relief from the symptoms of RLS than anything in years."
"This medication is amazing! After 3 days of being extremely sick, I started to feel amazing, I am now 1 month into it and am so happy all the time and have no depressive thoughts at all. It kind of blocks out any sad thoughts. Works perfectly for me."
"I had bleeding since the first week and all the four months, every day, till I removed it. 
Now, a week later, I am still bleeding. 
Its a mistake, I feel week and angry, its summer, its hot and my period is never ending. 
This med should be out of the market."
"I have severe pain from spinal nerve damage in lower back, radiating around my hip area and down my leg.  Had multiple injections with minimal relief. Started Gralise in 2014 and it has been a quality of life changer. I take 1800 mg and have no major side effects.  I have been able to start exercising again-mostly walking-without the intense pain, and I don&#039;t limp anymore. The only negative is the pill size is kind of big, but the shape makes it easier to swallow."
"I&#039;m finishing the second year of my degree (in neuroscience, ironically), only possible because of this medication. I would recommend that anyone with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome try this medication (give it a few weeks). 
Two important things:

1) The medicine has an &#039;inverted U&#039; efficacy. In other words, it doesn&#039;t do more the more you take, the strongest effect is in the middle. &#039;The middle&#039; depends on your body weight, but it&#039;s usually about 200 mg. 

2) DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL WHILE ON THIS MEDICATION. I get migraines the following day if I drink while taking modafinil. Last time I had three beers at a BBQ and had a migraine for three days following. It might only be me but don&#039;t risk it."
"The only good thing about Nuvaring was it&#039;s ease of use. Everything else about it was a nightmare! I had horrible mood swings, and it made my anxiety and depression so much worse. I would lash out at people for no reason, and I had one night where I was so emotionally distraught that I physically could not stop crying! It also made me very nauseous and throw up quite a lot. Needless to say, I&#039;m back on the pill now and I have no side effects."
"I have been on suboxone (since january 10), for opiate withdrawals and I am having panic attacks. I was prescribed catapress this month (the end of june, 10) with my suboxone and day 4 on it so far so good! It makes me sleepy and very mellow, calm like. I assume its doing its job, I only have taken it at night. I haven&#039;t had to take it for a panic attack yet."
"Bactrim is the best medication I&#039;ve even taken for acne, cleared my skin up in 5 days."
"I smoked for 10 years, pack a day. Never tried to quit before, never thought I could. One day my doctor prescribed me Chantix because I was having a chronic cough. I gave the starter pack a shot and here is how it went:

I took the medicine exactly how it was prescribed. I took the first week and noticed absolutely anything, unlike others, no positive or negative effects. I got worried but on my eighth day I quit cold turkey. I am a guy who would get cranky and moody and sometimes even ill if I went 10-12 hours without being able to smoke. Chantix surprisingly kicked in right when it should and diminished my effects of quitting so much that it gave me great enthusiasm to continue with it. I&#039;m officially a non-smoker!"
"After years of feeling as though I were slowly losing my mind to ruminations, agitation, depression, lack of focus and general brain-cooties, it finally dawned on me that I was bipolar and I sought treatment. You may read the other positive reviews on here and think they could be written by manufacturers, but you may be underestimating the efficacy of this medication, it is truly amazing. I feel like I did when I was a younger man, before mental illness took hold in my life. My mind is unencumbered and clear. I feel normal! I still can get sad, I still get annoyed by things, I still feel enthusiasm, but it&#039;s tempered, appropriate emotion. Symbyax is great. Try it. Minimal weight gain, by the way."
"My 4yr old son has Autism/ADHD/OCD. After coming off of Risperidone my sons&#039; Neurologist wanted to try my son on Quillivant XR. Our Pharmacy had to special order this med due to there was nobody else in this county that takes it. The 1st dose of this med that my son took he went WILD!!! He got violent with us, and just refused to eat ANYTHING, he was also up for 22hr straight! He only had 2 doses of this med (day 1 &amp; 2) then I had to call his Dr and to have him taken off the med. We ended up going back on Risperidone and Guanfacine. Once I stopped giving my son the Quillivant XR med he started acting like his old self again."
"I was put on this medication by my Neurologist. He said it would help pain and boost energy. Anyways I took it several years until my GP took me off cold turkey. I suffered the most agonizing withdrawal symptoms and shortly afterwards suffered a stroke. I blame this medication. Jump to Sept.1, 2017 
Another Doctor wants me to start on this poison again. I don&#039;t think so. 
This is extremely dangerous!!"
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for about 8 days now and I&#039;ve probably slept the whole time. All I ever want to do is sleep which is bad because I have a toddler to keep up with.  I&#039;ve notice myself a little less patient with people as well. So far no bleeding of any sort. ZERO sex drive when my husband tries I just laugh. I already have depression so if it gets worse I will be getting a removal ASAP.  I hope everything goes well.. 3 years is a long time."
"I&#039;ve been on this shot for a little more than a year, and at first it was fine but about halfway through my year I began having random periods of spotting. I noticed it usually began after (and sometimes DURING) sex. I haven&#039;t gained much weight or anything but bleeding during sex is NOT fun. I would recommend this form of birth control but something must be done about the irregular bleeding."
"I am a 44 year old female who after having clear skin my entire life had a sudden breakout of cystic acne.  I was devasted and went to my dermatologist immediately.  She was rather dismissive and put me on acanya and oracea.  This did nothing except make me feel like I had the flu (oracea).  I decided to try a new dermatologist.  My new derm took my immediately off oracia because in her words I don&#039;t have rosacea.  She also took me off a acanya because in her words she would use on maybe a 9 year old!  She started me on aczone and tazarac.  Within 3 days I was completely clear.  Now if I even start to get a cystic pimple it is gone within a day!! It is perfect for cystic hormonal acne:) I am so happy to be clear and confident :)"
"This is the only medication strong enough to help with my severe muscle spasms. Why would they take it off the market.  I have had 1 neck and 2 back surgeries and they all failed.  I NEED this medication."
"This last Monday I was detected by my doctor that I have a acute Cystitis. My doctor prescribed me lavoprolaxicin Levaquin for 6 days.. My nightmare start in day 3 when I couldn&#039;t even get up from my bed.. I was sore all over my body.. I couldn&#039;t even walk.. Only I took 4 pills and I feel that my life changed to the worst for this medication.. I went to ER and they gave me fluids to at least clean a little bit my system.. I got a CT scan of my kidneys, and bladder, liver and all results were normal..If   doctors know those side effects why are they  still prescribing this medicine.  it&#039;s poison!! I . I&#039;m still panicked !!I have faith that everything will be normal again.. Today is my day 1without the medication.. I&#039;m walking better."
"I am 23 years old. I got the Nexplanon right after my son was born. The 2 first months I bled like usual than I began getting 2 periods per month. That lasted about four months. I did see lots of blood clots and dark brown blood for several days when period was ending. I&#039;ve been on this contraceptive for over a year and 3 months and the bleeding still is no joke. Besides the long unpredictable periods I had no other side effects."
"I have had severe insomnia that is very possibly related to Humira."
"I started taking Wellbutrin (150mg) during an extreme depressive episode. It helped even me out a lot, though it didn&#039;t address all of my symptoms. I increased the dose to 300mg but had to drop back down because I was having trouble sleeping. This is the only side effect I&#039;ve experienced while on this medication. I&#039;ve been on it for a year and a half now and overall it has helped a lot. I&#039;m still depressed but I&#039;m no where near as bad as before taking Wellbutrin. I&#039;m looking into adding an SSRI or something as an adjunct therapy to try to make things even better."
"This medicine worked well for first 5 months, but has since stopped working. I have also put on 20 lbs in the past 4 months and I am very tired . I am about to go off of the medication, but I am very nervous about side effects."
"Here&#039;s a trick to help my fellow insomniac&#039;s sleep. I have 3 very painful forms of Arthritis in my upper and lower back, neck, knees, feet, hands, exc. I have insomnia from chronic pain, and severe PTSD. 2mg Lunesta got me 4hrs rest. 3mg got me 6hrs sleep. I finally got 8 hours sleep by raising my dose to 2-2mg pills per night. I didn&#039;t get 4, 6, or, 8 hrs sleep until I changed eating habits. Plan your evening like so: eat a small portion of healthy foods. Wait 20-30 minutes, and then take your Lunesta. Wait 20-30 minutes, and eat another small portion of healthy food, and head to bed. The food keeps the medicine in your system longer. Also for those paying cash like me, use blinkhealth.com. I get my 60-2mg pills for $53.16 a month."
"I got my Kyleena put in March 15th. The insertion was very uncomfortable but quick. I have only had very light spotting off and on since I had it placed. I have had a lot of cramping. I just hope that this birth control gets rid of my heavy periods and clots."
"My migraines started suddenly at age 52 have no idea why. I  have tried several different medicine including topomax I am now taking 400 mg zanisamide as first preventive and starting another new medicine this next week to see if it will help the head pain. I  get daily  migraines  scale 3 -5 on a average  and can increase at anytime through the day to  6-7 at which time I have to take  a treximet or wait  to see if it passes, sleep, ice quite what ever I  can  do  till it goes away. I  have also tried botox that didn&#039;t work either"
"It is great to read all your different experiences with Escitalopram and it gives me hope that a lot of you have been able to benefit from this. I am only on Day 3 with 10 mg  Escitalopram (1st time on AD) and I really hope this will reducere my SA and GAD after 10 years of suffering"
"Pristiq is awesome so far.Don&#039;t reject it bcs it is nearly identical to Effexor. Effexor caused extreme sweating.I would stand in front of a forceful fan while dressing, and still be drenched!My doc told me I might not have that with pristiq and I don&#039;t! I am just over 6 weeks, and it took a full 4 weeks to kick in.The first couple of days I felt great, calm and happy, and got hopeful, but then slid back into the dark place.But I kept going and at 4 wks I suddenly one day woke up and started planning fun outings for my teen, after months of sofa lounging.  100mg, F, 56, 135lbs.Tried prozac (allergic), paxil (weight gain), effex (sweating), lexapro (out of dark place, but flat).I hear it&#039;s hell to stop, but I&#039;m not going to stop. Why wld I?"
"Decreased sexual drive/interest.
Tired feeling and going to bed early."
"Don&#039;t let others&#039; bad experiences prevent you from trying this medication.  It is strong, yes, and it will affect the chemical balance in your brain and shouldn&#039;t be taken lightly, but I&#039;m an example of it working.  I used to have bouts of crying randomly, seriously depressed, no will to do much of anything.  I started this, kept with it through the side effects and it has been a life changer with my antidepressant.  I still feel, but less intensely/exaggerated.  It keeps me level headed generally.  The first week I felt a little nauseated, and it does increase appetite, but if you don&#039;t overeat, you won&#039;t gain weight with this medicine."
"I was on it for about two weeks hoping some of the side effects would get better as I did lose my cravings to eat sugars, but I had these foggy type headaches alot of the time, could not fall asleep at night anymore which made me grumpy and irritable. Plus I always had this weird taste in my mouth that just wouldnt go away. I just didnt think it was good for me to have these issues going on."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon since December 2011. I am getting it replaced in a few days. The first 2 years I didn&#039;t have problems with it. My periods weren&#039;t crazy. I think I had it about every 3 months for 3-4 days normal bleeding. However for the past few months I have had it every 2 weeks like clockwork with heavy bleeding. My doctor told me it is just because when it runs out it runs out and my hormones are just out of wack. I have gained weight (10 lbs in 3 years) but I&#039;m not blaming that completely on birth control. I&#039;m in dental school and quite stressed. For those who say they have gained 20-30 lbs on this, there is no way hormones ALONE cause that much weight gain, other factors are in play there."
"For 3 years I&#039;ve had a congested nose. I know I&#039;m allergic to pollen, hay fever is pretty bad in the spring and summer but it settles down in the winter. Due to work I had to move to southern Arizona which made my allergies worse. My nose became so congested I would mouth breathe at night and wake up with a dry raw throat and tongue. Saline sprays blocked me up even more, antihistamines did nothing, I got rebound congestion from medicated nasal sprays. My nose bled from all the tissues and sprays I was using. Was put on Fluticasone and within 2 days I breathe relatively clear and can sleep at night again. Nose is not 100% cleared but I don&#039;t have to blow it anymore and the sneezing has stopped. It smells flowery which is pleasant."
"Hubby is having chronic constipation. Many of us will when approaching 90. He used and still uses Casgara Sagrada (which never loses its potency. You don&#039;t have to take more and more.) This lactulose seems to work for him when he takes it regularly. He is also now taking two tablespoons of ground flaxseed stirred in 8 oz. of liquid daily. I do not have constipation now although I did as a child mainly from poor diet and not drinking very much water. A former mother-in-law religiously chewed a few slices of apple with some stewed prunes every night before bed. I understand that now she is 102. What a surprise!."
"Took tramadol for 15 years for a ruptured disk ,I had sooo much pain the last three weeks I was considering suicide !!!! These were all of my symptoms 
Face swollen some mornings 
Hands swollen.  Feet itch, bruise easily, lack of concentration, memory problems, hair loss
Neck aches at base of skull
Bad headaches And head itches 
Weight gain,  Dry skin dry hair 
Cold intolerance,Lack of energy 
Muscle cramps / burning 
Loud Ringing in both ears
Neck feels like I am choking 
Running into things a lot 
Dizzy almost pass out do black out about once a year or so 
Blurry vision ,Can&#039;t take deep breath in ,Hurts my insides to process food
! Had blood test said thyroid was not working. STOPPED taking tramadol and 24 hrs later ALL symptoms are GONE!!!!"
"My husband has COPD and our doctor recently changed his albuterol inhaler to Ventolin. His other one was not working like it should. He has been on the Ventolin for about 2 weeks and it works great. He does not have to use it as much and it lasts much longer than his previous one. He loves this inhaler."
"I was switched to this after about 9 months of Mononessa. I didn&#039;t ask to switch it just happened. Anyways, I did not experience any side effects at all. My only small complaint is that my period doesn&#039;t start until mid-late Wednesday and it&#039;s just inconvenient because on Mononessa it start Monday night or Tuesday morning so I freak out a little bit over that. I do think it made my cramps less intense and my period lighter. It still lasts about 6 days although the last two days are almost nothing. I was afraid to switch but it wasn&#039;t bad so if you&#039;re in my shoes, think positively!"
"My 4 year old had major diarrhea after taking this medication."
"My husband takes this Fycompa along with Zonegran and Lamictal.  He is slowly coming off the Zonegran since starting.  Hasn&#039;t had a seizure since he started 2 months ago but he has turned into the biggest Ass you have ever met.   Told him the other night I think I might prefer the seizures over his personality change.  I hope this levels out soon.
I told him we should call it Fightcompa!"
"I suffer from chronic migraines and a lot of the time need an abort medicine. This medicine did get rid of my headache. BUT it will make you feel like you got hit by a bus. You will be incredibly achy and will wish you still had a headache/migraine. My whole body would hurt for hours after taking this. I wouldn&#039;t recommend it to anyone. I take naratriptan (amerge) and I don&#039;t get achy at all and it knocks out my migraine just the same."
"I started using Zoloft for anxiety and minor depression. It has been a God send. I was overwhelmed and lethargic- now I am back to myself- I have energy again. I had the typical side effects for the first few weeks, but they have subsided. No weight gain or sexual side effects for me. I am very happy with the results. Everyone is different, and the medications are all different so remember to talk to your doctor if after 6 weeks you don&#039;t feel different or worse."
"I have been on Victoza for 1 week now.  I have lost several pounds thus far! My blood sugars numbers have been fantastic....between 85-100.  I have had some stomach discomfort (i.e. loose and frequent bowel motions and queasiness).  It&#039;s like my brain is finally telling me when to stop eating!  It&#039;s amazing...I&#039;ve never known this!"
"I have thyroid problems so the hormones I was getting from the pill weren&#039;t working with everything else. Ive had the IUD (copper) for about 5 months now and its not my favorite but not horrible. I never got cramps on the pill and my periods lasted roughly 3 days. With the IUD Ive had only two periods lasting 7-12 days which have been super heavy with horrible cramps and nausea. The insertion was horrific. I took ibuprofen before and it did me no good. Couldn&#039;t sleep the first two nights from having horrible cramps. I get cramps randomly through out the day. I&#039;ve gotten headaches everyday for the past year or so so having to take pills anyways doesn&#039;t bother me. I don&#039;t plan on getting rid of it but I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"I&#039;ve had migraines since I was 12, they went away from the time I was 16 until recently at the age of 20. I&#039;ve been hospitalized because they have been so severe this time around. Fioricet is the only thing that has any effect on my migraines, but it takes about two hours to even start to help. Even then, it&#039;ll only knock it from a ten down to a nine, or an eight if I&#039;m really lucky. I have linked my headaches back to food allergies, which I&#039;m discovering more and more of every week. I have to read every ingredient and prepare all meals myself, which is extremely difficult as a college student commuting. If you cannot find the source of your migraines, try eliminating malted wheat barely, MSG, sodium nitrate and chocolate."
"This was my third kidney stone. The first two (3mm) were very painful and I used pain killers, no flomax. The ER did a CAT scan and said this stone was 5 mm and located at the junction between the ureter and kidney, and was causing mild hydronephrosis. They gave me flomax and pain meds. I do not like to take medicine and since pain was bearable at that point, I just took the flomax not the pain meds. I was skeptical since the FDA has only approved Flomax in men with prostate issues but doctor explained it helps the ureter stretch. I took it in the evenings after dinner and had no noticeable side effects. Took about two weeks, but stone passed and I never took a singe pain pill - did drink tons of water, had a bit of cramping, that&#039;s all!"
"Worst Birth control ever! My first month 2 months were great no period mild bloating a little weight gain and my boobs went up an entire cup size(No issues with this)...
Although I did start my period halfway through the second pack and it lasted for 28 days! And my symptoms were terrible I was so depressed and bloated the first 3 weeks of bleeding and then the last week I became extremely light headed and vomited at the smell of anything. I went in to see my Dr wanting to get answered and he had me stop taking it right away explaining due to the bleeding my iron had dropped dangerously low! And it was all thanks to this birth control. I have tried plenty of birth controls in the past and never had anything like this happen!"
"I had rosacea for few years, was using Metrogel - didn&#039;t see any results. Recently me dermatologist prescribed me Oracea and Finacea - I loved this combination. Now I am getting compliments, how great my skin looks. This is funny - I am not getting used to that. Having finally great skin at 53 years old.
Finacea renews your skin, it does not dry you. Love it !"
"This medicine helps me a lot. I have also found a good side effect from the drug. I feel much better and more active and motivated."
"I have only taken the 14 day supply, two pills left and I have lost a total of 12lbs so far. This is without exercise but I do plan on incorporating this now that the lightheadness is gone. I drink plenty of water with this pill I started this on Aug the 25th so I say they work for me. So imagine when I work out wow."
"I decided to give this drug a shot, but it just doesn&#039;t work and gave me very bad diarrhea. I am very disappointed."
"Loving it so far. Im currently on my 17th day and I&#039;m so happy! After the first 3 days, my mom was able to notice results. I didn&#039;t trust her though because I thought she was just pumping my head up so I didn&#039;t get discouraged about non instant results. A few days later, I was asked by multiple of my coworkers if I have make up on and I proudly say NO with a huge smile. I can&#039;t believe it&#039;s working so well, I&#039;ve had acne since 7th grade, I&#039;m now 24 and this has been the only thing to work. My confidence has skyrocketed.

Only side effects I&#039;m experiencing are extremely dry lips, neck pain, and a little restlessness. Its well worth it for the results so far!"
"I&#039;m 25. No children. I&#039;m commenting half an hour after having my first form of BC inserted. I have very high pain tolerance and experience the typical first two days of horror on my cycle, so these cramps aren&#039;t foreign to me. Neither is the nausea. 

I&#039;m cuddling up to heating right this moment and choosing to live in my bathroom until I am ready to migrate to my bed.

As for my high pain tolerance and the procedure? Umm, to be honest, it was incredibly painful. However, I knew it would be from reading reviews online about the insertion, if you&#039;ve never had children. Everything was done relatively quickly but 30 seconds or less felt like the longest of my life. Nonetheless, I believe it will be worth it."
"Ambien or &#039;Zolped...&#039; was terrible. I started hallucinating. Now, I do drink caffeine in the morning but it should not have this koo koo effect. My ceiling turned into peaceful, lit-up jellyfish tentacles and my pillow turned into a moving/billowing cloud of a worm. Pretty crazy but that is what I saw when I took this crap. I was dazed... it didn&#039;t initially help me fall asleep. Perhaps I&#039;m allergic to Ambien, I have no idea. I believe I took it with 5 or 10mg of melatonin. Whew... that was a cocktail to go nuts. Stick with Tamazepam (Restoril)... way better"
"Am currently taking Cipro to deal with a UTI.  Had one about a month ago, took Cipro, it seemed to go away, but now it&#039;s back with a vengeance.  But I&#039;m taking it with great reluctance. It use to be my ENT&#039;s go-to drug for sinus infections, which I would typically get twice a year (allergy induced).  Then, about 4 years after first taking the drug, I woke up one morning and my right foot totally collapsed due to tendon rupture.  Zero arch.  At the time (1990) there weren&#039;t any tendon warnings with the drug and no one  could explain how tendons could rupture overnight.  Now my podiatrist attributes the event to the Cipro.  I have to wear a Richie brace on that foot/ankle."
"So I&#039;ve been on nexplanon for about three weeks and have been bleeding for over two.  That was explained to me but I thought it would just be irregular bleeding rather than super long. I was hospitalized because I thought I was having a stroke turns out it was a severe complex migraine caused by the hormones. It mimicked a stroke and I get throbbing in the arm that has the implant. Doctors have done texts and say everything is fine but I know my body. Also my mood swings are almost worse than when I was pregnant with my son. I am super tired most of the time and my sex life has suffered most because of the prolonged bleeding.  I&#039;m dizzy when I stand up and become short of breath easily. I work out alot but have no motivation anymore. Getting off it"
"I always talk to the pharmacist and educate myself take the time to do that ask your dr before taking the prescription why waste your money this medicine did not give me any side effects."
"I usually get 2-3 urinary tract infections per year.  This is my first time using Cipro. I started on it 3 days ago and have had no side effects.  The UTI is about 99% gone and I had major relief in the first 24 hours.  No problems with discomfort when urinating, just a slight tinge after I go but barely noticeable and my urine is clear without any odor.  I was hesitant to use it due to the side effects but am pleased that I have not experienced them."
"This is my second round of three years each I am on about year four. I feel like I&#039;ve never been without my period, I have my period for 2 to 3 weeks at a time it goes away  or maybe a week or two if I&#039;m lucky and then I go again for 2 to 3 weeks it&#039;s not even a monthly thing anymore. When I do have my period  it is dark and very chunky. Sex life is stinks I only have a week a month if I&#039;m lucky. I&#039;m 34 and I already have kids I don&#039;t want to switch birth control because I was on the Depo shot  was when I got pregnant with my first child. None work but this and it&#039;s probably because you can&#039;t have sex when your always bleeding"
"I started a new medication that made me extremely constipated, I could only go to the bathroom if I drank coffee. I decided to try this after not having a BM for 2 days and it did nothing. I tried it again the next morning and still nothing. On the 3rd day I bought the Dulcolax pink pills and took 2 (supposed to work in 6-12 hours)... 12 hours later and still nothing. At this point my stomach is so bloated and hurts pretty bad. I go by the store and get a glycerin suppository and that did the trick after about 30 seconds. I think I was just so backed up that nothing was working. After the first BM (it wasn&#039;t much) all of those laxatives started kicking in and giving me horrible cramps for 30 or so minutes. Finally emptied everything out."
"I was given suboxone to help me with an addiction to hydracodone. Talk about jumping from the frying pan into the fire, is an understatement. I believe that prescribing a dangerous drug to get off another is irresponsible in my case. I went through 18 months of unnecessary addiction and withdrawal that simply could have been accomplished cold turkey for much less pain and heartache. It&#039;s my opinion that if you need to get off hydracodone, suck it up and go cold turkey or simply taper off your addiction slowly. DO NOT ever use this wicked drug!!  I can not stress enough the dangers this drug causes."
"I started taking antidepressants in January. I started with lexapro and was on it for 5 months. It worked for a while then it just stopped. My doctor raised the mg for it and it still didn&#039;t work. Then I switched to Effexor. Had terrible side effects. I have been on brintellix for a little over a month. Due to issues at my doctors office, I had no medication to take for several days. I didn&#039;t notice much of a difference while taking the medication. But once I stopped, I noticed that I was more depressed than before. I was irritated easily and upset. I have noticed I&#039;ve been eating a lot more while on the medication. Not okay. And I take it at night because it makes me tired. It has helped my depression some. I&#039;ve felt more like myself"
"My experience was absolutely horrible. Birth control works different for everyone but this was by far the worst pain I&#039;ve ever been in. Immediately after inserted I was in excruciating pain. I started having heat waves and extreme cramping. This lasted for weeks. I had an ultrasound done to see if it was causing any ovarian cysts, or if the iud wasn&#039;t inserted correctly and my ultrasounds came back normal. A week later I had to have it removed (after a month) because of how much pain I was in. I would highly recommend not having this at all, because of how severe my pain was. I had to take pain killers every 2 to 3 hours, and I would wake up in the middle of the night because of how much pain I was in. Absolutely terrible!"
"Doctor put me on azathioprine because I got sick from taking methotrexate for my rheumatoid arthritis.  Good news is it didn&#039;t make me sick and I had no noticeable side effects / Bad news is it didn&#039;t make pain/stiffness any better than taking nothing at all.  Now going to try injectable methotrexate to see if that will work without the nausea/stomach side effects?"
"This medicine is a God send! I&#039;ve SUFFERED from Restless legs syndrome for the past 15 years. On the worst nights I found myself laying on my stomach, beating my legs against the mattress, literally! My ankles just wouldn&#039;t stop twirling! I would cry &amp; pray all night long for just a tiny moments peace, just long enough to fall asleep! Well, until this medication it never happened! I take 4MG a few hours before bedtime and my legs (and most of rest of my body) are so calm, I am asleep within 10 mins! I have also tried Mirapex, but did not get such results as with Requip.

Good luck!"
"I have hemicrania continua since 1999. First attempt of indo made me ten foot tall.  Second attempt when I had stopped working worked fine.  Indo completely got rid of the pain after a few days of taking it.  Trouble is two years later I forgot to take it one day and the pain is back with a vengeance. Neurologist reckoned it should start working again after 6 weeks but it hasn&#039;t.  Now taking carbamazepine for trigemenial neuralgia."
"I started this medicine right after having a hysterectomy, I have been on it for about a 15 months now and I have gained a tremendous amount of weight. I still have real bad hot flashes and mood swing galore."
"I had it fitted after a polyp was removed even though I was sterilised - to stop my irregular bleeding. It&#039;s been 4 weeks now and I&#039;ve felt like its a constant period - cramping, bleeding and I am a total psycho too - I&#039;ve asked to have it removed. As everything some it suits - some it Doesn&#039;t"
"I at 53 I took Heather for birth control for the last 3 1/2 yrs. My doctor decided that I should not be on the pill anymore and I needed to stop taking them. During the time I was on the pill I never had a period. I loved it, no weight gain, no side effects. Since I have been off of them I still have no period. My doctor said I probably will have gone through menopause and never had the symptoms."
"I started taking Apri, because my periods became irregular.  I took it for 10 days. I felt horrible my mind felt cloudy. I couldn&#039;t remember where I was 15 minutes later. It was the 2nd time in my life that I took birth control. I am 37 and I break out like I was 17. I would have liked to stay on it, but I could not deal with my symptoms."
"Before switching to Sprintec, I never had an ovarian cyst before. After starting Sprintec about 4 months ago, I wound up in the hospital 3 times for severe abdominal pain which turned out to be ovarian cysts. 
For everything else, this birth control is great and I have no complaints. But the cysts gotta go, so do these pills."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lo LoEstrin for 2 years now. This contraceptive is expensive if you&#039;re paying out of pocket but really amazing, definitely the best I&#039;ve tried thus far. I highly recommend it, especially if you&#039;re petite or susceptible to nausea, acne, and other side effects associated with higher dose pills. The last time I checked, it was the lowest dose BC on the market so if you&#039;ve suffered from side effects on higher dose pills you should consider switching over. I&#039;ve had zero side effects other than a slight increase in breast size, which is a HUGE change considering how bad I felt during my years on LoEstrin, Ortho Tri Cyclen, and Yasmin. Glad to have found this one!"
"Zoloft/Sertaline has allowed me to continue doing the job and living the lifestyle I love. Not only did it lift me out of the dark pit of depression, it has helped me cope with high-anxiety periods of intense stress - on a minimal dosage and without any side effects."
"Got off of benzos using a Librium detox and after about a week, was having such bad withdrawal I couldn&#039;t take it anymore.  On top of all the physical stuff, I felt like I was in a constant state of full blown panic.  My doctor suggested I try this and it&#039;s been a life saver.  Does it stop anxiety like a benzo?  No.  Does it take the edge off, most definitely.  I take 50 mg 2- to 4xDay.  It doesn&#039;t make me sleepy but it does make me a little dizzy.  I have to wait about an hour after I take it to see if it&#039;s going to make me dizzy or not.  When you first start taking it, give yourself some time to see how you will react.  The impact lessens the longer you take it."
"I was on Nuvaring for just over a year. On September 15, 2016 I was admitted to the hospital for a blood clot in my leg. I do not smoke nor did I do anything to injure myself for this clot to appear. It went to my lung as well. My doctor immediately told me to discontinue the Nuvaring. And I can no longer take anything with hormones in it. Fast forward to the beginning of November, I discovered a lump in my breast. After ultrasounds and mammograms and surgical biopsy, On December 8, 2016, at 34 years old,  I was diagnosed with Invasive Lobular Carcinoma, a type of breast cancer. Just saw my primary doctor today (01/18/2017). She believes the blood clots and the cancer are all related to the Nuvaring. Breast cancer does not run in my family."
"I finished my period on December 24 then I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on December 25 around 5am. He swore he didn&#039;t ejaculate inside, but I being worried about pre cum, took plan b around 1pm, 7-8 hours later. On December 30, I was bleeding heavily, as if on my period for about 5 days, but the blood was a brownish type of color. I was really paranoid, checking and reading every review there was on this pill. I did have nausea &amp; dizziness symptoms. I got really afraid because my period was due on December 19, but it never arrived. It is now February 4, &amp; I&#039;ve never been happier in seeing blood! I was 19 days late! Relax, let the pill do its job"
"I have suffered severe depression for years and was finally coming out of it with a cocktail of Lithium, Luvox and Epilim. When the anxiety kicked in my doctor prescribed Xanax which worked but the come down was the worst I have ever had. Just a personal experience on mixing drugs I guess."
"I wanted to update about my medication.  I am now 20 mg.  of Ritalin twice daily and 50 mg.  of Zoloft generic once daily.  Having suffered bipolar depression, PTSD, ADD/ADHD throughout different periods throughout my life.  I also Borderline/Mild General Learning Disability a labeling in terms that is least offensive to Mild Mental Retardation or Borderline/Mild Intellectual Disability.  In my case the GLD is extremely least severe in slightest degree.  Ritalin actually works very well for me while Zoloft treats the anxiety, depression, and some mild obsessive compulsive behavioral thoughts but nothing extreme severe or seriousness.  In some people depending DNA, generics how medication effects the individual might be very different, etc."
"I had a very itchy rash on the outside of both lower legs, also what at first was an itchy red spot became quite large on the back of my calf.  My doctor prescribed a cortisone cream that didn&#039;t help. Tried some other creams but no improvement. My legs were a mess for 12 months.
Then I saw another doctor who prescribed Elocon which I used for 3 weeks and the rash cleared up. That was 3 months ago. I am 75 years old. I will use it again if I need too."
"The worst of 32 tried over the past 41 years."
"I started out doing very well with Tyvaso. When they increased the puffs to 9, my condition went back to being fatigued and short of breath.  I take Tyvaso for pulmonary arterial hypertension."
"It works excellent have been clean 6 months. I love it."
"Relieves symptoms and nose not as dry.  But can only be used for short periods due to label warnings. After that it may worsen symptoms."
"I can&#039;t say enough about how glad I am that I was given Lupron injections! I was being treated for heavy non-stop bleeding caused by the several large fibroids I had. I was told by 3 different Doctor&#039;s that I would definitely need to have a hysterectomy. I really had no other option. My OBGYN and the surgeon, started me on the Lupron injections 4 months ago to stop the bleeding (I had become extremely anemic and couldn&#039;t have the surgery until my blood counts came back up which would take 3 months) and to try and shrink the fibroids. After my 4th and final shot 2 weeks ago, my MRI showed that the fibroids had shrunk 75% and my surgeon discharged me today saying that I will NOT be having a hysterectomy, nor any surgery! Thank you Lupron."
"I&#039;m 14 years old, and I&#039;ve been on Adderall for 4 weeks now and I&#039;ve experienced some side effects.  one of them would be loss of appetite especially in the morning and around lunch.  I&#039;ve already gone from being 117 to 111.  That&#039;s not natural, my friend has the same problem too. I prefer Adderall though because my doctor told me that Vyvanse lasts for 12 hours and if you take it at 12 or 1 on the weekends, then you can&#039;t sleep till 12 or 1 in the morning. Adderall doesn&#039;t cause insomnia if you take it at 12 because it only lasts for 4-8 hours. Adderall really helps me pay attention in school, which is why I&#039;m not failing out of my &quot;College prep school&quot;. Totally recommend Adderall 100%."
"I have been on Flonase off and on, but mostly on, for almost 20 years. It works wonders for my allergies, no side effects, and best of all no pills."
"First off, this stuff smells horibble. I nearly gag at just the smell of it. The last is just as bad. I find if I take a sip of something else first (I use iced tea) then just chug the glass full, then take another couple Swallows of my iced tea, it&#039;s tolerable. It starts working in about 2 hours and honestly, I only drink half of the whole 4L jug. No need to continue drinking in when you&#039;re already shitting clear fluid. 

You&#039;d think they would have something more of a one glass full type of medication or even a pill for a laxative instead of 4L of water."
"I&#039;ve taken this pill for five years and I&#039;ve never had any problems with it. My periods are super light and predictable. I was always skinny so if this pill helped me gain weight, it was a good thing. Now that I&#039;m older (26), I&#039;ve got some stubborn belly fat but I think that&#039;s just due to my metabolism slowing down and that I haven&#039;t always eaten the healthiest, especially not while in college. This pill did increased my bust size. I know so because when I was off this pill, they were less full. My emotional state never changed. I really never think about the fact that I&#039;m on this pill except when it&#039;s time to take it. Symptoms happen differently for everyone. Just gotta see what works!"
"I have been taking Levora for about a year and a half now. It was definitely a rough start. I felt moody, like crazy moody, every single day for about a month when I started it. After that first month, it was smooth sailing. I love that it regulates my period. It comes on the same day, at the same time, every month (not to mention it only lasts 2-3 days and is super light!). I have experienced no weight gain and the only cramps I get are the day before my period, and the pain there is mild. Its a great option if you don&#039;t mind taking it every day. Oh, and did I mention it has done its job in preventing pregnancy."
"I was sweating constantly due to side effects of my medications. I was always hot and sweating. I had to keep my air conditioning on at home 24/7 at 68 degrees just so I wouldn&#039;t sweat.
My doctor gave me the chlondine 0.1 patch and almost Immediately I noticed a difference. I&#039;ve been on it for about 9 weeks now and my sweating is completely stopped and under control.  I can actually wear jeans and sweaters again  and be comfortable!!! It&#039;s been years of wearing shorts and flip flops in the winter because I was always warm. But thanks to chlondine the sweating has stopped and I can wear sweaters and jeans and shoes in winter now like a normal person without being completely drenched in sweat!! Even people around me have noticed a difference"
"I got these as samples from my doctor for constipation, these pills worsened my anxiety. I started feeling very nervous and shaking, after two days of taking these I realized it was these pills that triggered my anxiety. Plus I didn&#039;t noticed them help with my constipation. Maybe if I would have taken them longer they would have helped."
"I just dropped in on the internet to see if their was something &quot;better&quot; or maybe &quot;newer&quot; than my Effexor, but after several sites I know I&#039;m still in good hands. I&#039;ve been on 150mg Effexor, or venlafaxine, for more than ten years and I&#039;ve lived a normal life since the right-medication-finding game. Yes, the withdrawals within 24 hours are dizziness so bad you shouldn&#039;t drive, but I&#039;ve asked my doctor to write a second prescription for the non-xr version in half strength and I keep that filled for emergencies, or it&#039;s open to fill in another city if I have to fill it unexpectedly. Or if I miss my dose and need it to kick in immediately"
"This drug does take away pain, but needs to be used ONLY AS DIRECTED. "
"I just started Saxenda and have only taken 4 of the .06 doses. I have already lost 5 pounds. I am about 5&#039;3&quot; and started right at 200lbs. Now 195lbs. Seems promising, so far. Not really any side effects. I&#039;ve had a little bit of stomach pain, but it was brief. No nausea or vomiting. My doc did say that the weight usually melts off of people, so we will see!
I took phentermine a few times. The first time I lost 15 lbs in a month, but it made my heart rate faster and it gave me very bad anxiety. I&#039;m glad there&#039;s another option that doesn&#039;t have the bad side effects. 

I do know that the cost is astronomical for Saxenda, so my doc is giving me samples for now. My private insurance doesn&#039;t cover it at all."
"This Brand takes longer to work, and way longer to wear off. I have used this brand for 4 months with no choice really... This brand made me feel like I was coming off of anesthesia the next day. I felt foggy &amp; depressed. Never feeling refreshed. I think the brand is dangerous and should be investigated. Currently I&#039;m back on Northstar, with my initial preference being (for generic) TEVA. Otherwise the brand itself, &quot;Ambien&quot; is a much more gentle medication, being my #1 preference.

You should know the quality standards of a generic medication, the FDA requires the bioequivalence of a generic drug to be between 80% and 125% of the innovator product. That as well as the encapsulation of med can make all the difference! Per FDA"
"I&#039;ve struggled with depression and social anxiety all my life and have recently been treated with a variety of different antidepressants. I think I am depressed because of a narsisstic mother who seemed to be unable to love unconditionally. While Nardil might well help others, I don&#039;t feel it has helped me and the effect on sexual activity it depressing in itself. I am currently seeing a psychotherapist and while it is very hard to deal with the issues that come up, I think it might be my salvation. I do hope so."
"Using the product has really improved my quality of life.  I can once again be the active person I meant to be without the constant worry and inconvenience."
"I love this birth control. It&#039;s more effective than female sterilization. I never have to worry about pregnancy and it is absolutely no maintenance. I know some girls are hesitant because it&#039;s weird having something under your skin but you CANNOT feel it there. The insertion procedure is quick and painless except for the pinch of the shot from the local anesthetic.  Since insertion 6 months ago, I&#039;ve gotten my period 3 times - but just very light spotting. The first two times the spotting lasted 10 days, this last time it lasted for only 2 or 3. I did gain 10 lbs since insertion but it&#039;s hard to know if this was caused by the implant or by going out to eat/drink more often with my boyfriend or both. I have had no problems losing the weight."
"I have been on mirtazapine for almost 2 months now at 15mg for anxiety and PSTD. I take it before I go to bed because it does make me very drowsy. I get a good nights sleep with some crazy dreams but not anything bad. It has helped my depression well and I don&#039;t get as anxious when going certain places. Although, I do take half a pill for certain situations if I have to during the day. My appetite did increase greatly which was a benefit for me. Especially before bed, I can kill some donuts but I have been able to control it better now over some time. All in all it has worked well for me and I recommend it for others with the hope they experience the benefits I have. "
"After visiting my consultant for nearly 18 months, I&#039;d had a cyscopy, dilation of the bladder, instillations of a drug to replenish the gag layer of my bladder (which didn&#039;t work I just got more infections from this), horrendous flare ups daily caused by sex, certain foods and drinks. They put me on nitrofurantoin, one 50mg tablet each night, I&#039;ve been taking it for the last month and I&#039;ve not had any side effects or any flare ups, until yesterday when I ran out and I&#039;ve been in pain since. I cannot wait to pick up my new prescription, this tablet has truly been a god send and I feel like it&#039;s given me my life back."
"Xanax does feel like a miracle drug, but then addictive drugs always do at 1st. All is fine, for someone with anxiety there definitely does seem to be some kind of euphoria, because you feel like you can properly have jokes, interact socially, be yourself again e.t.c. It&#039;s only a band-aid, I know it&#039;s not an ideal world where everyone can get the best therapies e.t.c. but in truth it doesn&#039;t work forever and many people (such as myself) end up with inter-dose withdrawals and &#039;psychological dependence&#039;, (&quot;OMG I FORGOT TO PACK MY XANAX HOW WILL I COPE?&quot;). Compared to the withdrawals I experienced (no seizures thank god), the anxiety that made me go to the doc in the 1st place was very minor. I would advise use for no more than a month."
"I&#039;ve use it a couple of times neither time was it any help at all it&#039;s just another plaseabo"
"Before I started taking Tekturna HCT, my blood pressure was in the 175/100 range.  I have been on Tekturna HCT for 6 months now and my blood pressure has dropped to the 140/70 range.  I have had absolutely zero side effects."
"Turns out I had bacterial vaginitis for a year or so and it was awful. I mean sex was painful, weird smelling discharge, everything was completely out of wack. I finally decided to go to a gynecologist, I told her all of my symptoms and she prescribed me Flagyl 2 a day for an entire week and only BAD side effects I personally experienced were mood swings, diarrhea (every single time) and the horrible chalky taste it left behind.. other than that, cured my BV. Tried every possible cure (natural) and I guess some things just don&#039;t work for everyone ... but flagyl worked wonders on me. I recommend .. (consult with your PCP)"
"My doctor gave me a sample box as my insurance would not cover. After reading reviews this is what I did. Chilled water and Suprep, put Oragel on my tongue and mouth to deaden taste buds. Used a straw as far back as possible held my nose. Each time I stopped I drank orange Gatorade and put a little honey on my tongue. Only tasted a little strong cough syrup. It took effect about 30 minutes later and subsided in a couple of hours. I did this at 6 PM and 3 am procedure at 8:30 am. I wish I had some diaper rash ointment as the Vaseline did not quite do the trick with the burning. Did not have any severe reactions."
"I&#039;m 44 years old so not sure if it was the pill that indeed resulted in the negative pregancy test.  First, I ALWAYS practice safe sex and even go over board in making sure its put on properly, etc. So you can only imagine how surprised and devastated  I was when he withdrew and told me what happened. I immediately went in panic mode because I barely even knew this guy. He was very nice and very supportive through it all though. I took Plan B about 4 hours after the incident. It was 14 days from the first day of my last period so I most likely I was ovulating. I did have some side effects but none were listed on the box so may not have been from Plan B.  I had a stiff neck for 3 days and very vivid dreams on the 3rd and 4th day. That&#039;s it!"
"I ended up in the hospital with pulmonary embolism because of this medication. Many people don&#039;t know how dangerous this medication is and can cause blood clots especially for people that have blood clotting medical history within their family. Does medication causes blood clots! I almost died because of this medication. I do not recommend it to anyone"
"I&#039;ve had Skyla now for about 7 months. Everyones insertion story will be different with the pain, but for me I had a pretty bad experience. What hurt me the most was the opening of my cervix. I feel like they opened it wider like 4 or 5 times and that was super painful. I have a feeling thats what birth will feel like. It felt like a sped up dilation process. Good thing she was done when she was because I was about to pass out. I threw up from the pain and (TMI) it made me have to go to the bathroom. The cramps afterwards were very intense!  Skyla has made my skin very oily, barely any libido, can&#039;t lose weight AT ALL, irritability, but hey I&#039;m not pregnant. *smh* Getting it removed tomorrow, I&#039;m done with BC."
"I have been on Tenuate for 3 months now and have lost 33 pounds, and I couldn&#039;t be happier. Though there is a lot of hard work involved in exercising and making sure to eat right, but I would recommend Tenuate to anyone who needs to lose a significant amount of weight."
"I started on this medication (37.5 mg) on March 12, 2015 weighing 217. Today, August 30, 2015 I weigh 175.  In a few weeks I will begin a much lower dose. There are some negative side effects, dry mouth and constipation being the most annoying but I had no jitters or changes in sleep. I&#039;m 47 and am 5&#039;5 with a goal weight of 140."
"I&#039;m very treatment resistant bipolar type 2, typically severely depressed, with OCD and several other comorbid diagnoses, and antidepressants for me, IF they work, will tend to poop out after only a few weeks to a few months. This was not the case for duloxetine. I started on 60 mg and it worked wonderfully for several months, the longest any antidepressant has worked for me. Then, that summer, I became depressed again. After trials of other meds, I wound up back on duloxetine, this time at 90 mg, which worked for another 6 months. I begged for 120 mg but for some reason my psychiatrist refused to prescribe it, so I had to switch to something else. Recently I wound up back on it for about a month or so at 120 mg, then at 80 mg."
"Added 0.5 mcg to my Tirosint in August - nothing much changed until last week when I started taking this 1 hour after my Tirosint - down 5 lbs in one week!  I have changed nothing else."
"I strongly advise against taking this drug. Many people do not know that this drug has been banned in the UK due to the amount of people that died from it or contracted Steven Johnson Syndrome, which is characterized by your skin falling off. I was prescribed Bactrim for a UTI. Clearly, there were a lot of other options to prescribe a small, 100 pound girl with a minor infection. However, the doctor chose this drug. I took 3 pills out of the 14 that I was given and I had such a severe migraine that I could not open my eyes or chew food. The pain eventually went into my neck and that is when I stated to panic - called doc and was told I had an allergic reaction and stopped taking it immediately."
"I&#039;ve been diagnosed PCOS not so long ago. I&#039;m 20 yrs old. My doctor put me on metformin. She said to take it for 1-2 weeks 1000mg a day. I felt very fine! Then she said to increase it to 1000mg twice a day. This is my second day taking 4 pills a day. And I feel horrible stomach pain, nausea horrible!!! Maybe it&#039;s because I don&#039;t have a decent meal with my pills. Will that affect it at all? Can someone help?!"
"From username you can tell I was a roofer my entire adult life and at the end had a bad fall and burst l1. Had a fusion 5 levels and went back to work for 5 years and had to retire. Started taking nucynta after retiring works well for about 3 hours and pain starts increasing. Much better than other meds as far as side effects after taking it a few days. I don&#039;t get all loopy and can thing straight and function normal. Friends say to me they have never seen me act high. They don&#039;t even realize I&#039;m taking it. I&#039;m sure if you abuse them it&#039;s like the rest. Just take what you need have a life."
"I absolutely hate it! I&#039;ve had it for less than a week and my acne is AWFUL! My face is greasy and my hair is falling out. Also, by mood swings are terrible. DO NOT waste your time and money."
"I just found out I had HSV. I have itching and burning sensation and the doctor put me on 200 mg daily. Will that be enough?"
"The patches work wonders for my back pain. I put one on and 10 to  20 minutes later I have no pain for the next 12 hours!"
"I have had anxiety for over 40 years and I never thought I would feel like this. Paxil has help me a lot and I wish I had taken if earlier. It help me with my anxiety being about 80% less. I&#039;m not as compulsive now. I lost 20 pds because I was not as anxious and eating all the time."
"I have been on Repatha for over 6 months.  It has worked wonderful for me.  My cholesterol is down to approximately 30.  

Sadly I note some side effects on certain patients as noted in some of these reports.   I am sorry to hear of this as Repatha certainly has done it&#039;s job for me.   As for me-

I have had NO SIDE EFFECTS  from REPATHA.  When I administer this drug into my belly, (the needle barely penetrates the skin) I have a slight sensation of this substance going into my body.  This feeling lasts for about 30 seconds.

I have had quad by-pass surgery and most certainly am trying to keep my cholesterol count to a minimum.  Repatha is certainly doing this with me.

I would not hesitate to suggest Repatha to any of my friends or family."
"I have been on this birth control for the past 4 months. Its my first time ever being on birth control and I&#039;m 19 years old. The positives for me about it are that I don&#039;t have cramps at all, I have a period for only 3 or 4 days and my acne cleared up really well. I still get a few little pimples every now and then but not as bad as I used to. The negative factors about this are the WEIGHT GAIN, I hate it. I went from a size 8 jeans to a size 10-12 in the past 4 months. I&#039;m trying to find ways to control it though. I also don&#039;t have any sex drive, I&#039;m hardly ever in the mood to do anything anymore. The last one is that I get depressed every now and then. "
"I have been completely amazed at how fast and how completely Mobic took my pain away.  I am now able to resume activities I had had to stop before taking it."
"I used hexachlorophene before it was taken off the market.  I used it once and it burned my face so badly I had to see a dermatologist for months and repeatedly have my face scraped   and wrapped like a mummy. I wasn&#039;t the only one in my family to use it. Three of us used it at the same time. We all had a chemical burn but mine was worse because  my skin was much  lighter. The company then came out with Phiso-Hex. I  never used it, but I would suggest to use extreme caution or better yet find something without hexachlorophene in it."
"Terrible reaction to this medicine. Severe bloating and cramps. At first I just figured it was a side effect and will feel better once it started working the cramps would go away. But it never worked and cramps got really intense after hour 5 hours after drinking Suprep I was considering going to the emergency room. I didn&#039;t have fever or feel like vomiting so I decided to stay. But 30 minutes later I felt weak, dizzy, nauseous, had dry month and my jaw was going numb. I went to the ER. After vomiting I felt better. But then had a bought of hiccups that caused further pain from the cramping. My body couldn&#039;t handle the medicine. I did fast, I did all that your supposed to do."
"I was taking Topamax 200 mg every day for my monthly migraines and it was working well until I went to my eye doctor and he checked the pressure in my eyes. I had a high pressure in my left eye so my doctor put me on gabapentin. I take 200 mg every day and its been great. Even when I do get a migraine its very muted and very tolerable. Great medicine!"
"Headache due to AVM in brain: I was given this in the hospital via IV in hopes of bringing down a severe headache caused by my AVM. Within the first minute the drip began I started freaking out as well as developing a severe rash so they unhooked it immediately. Even after it having been stopped I was inconsolable and hyperventilating for about a half an hour. The morning after I was vomiting and had diarrhea. 48 hours later my stomach is still churning and the rash is just beginning to fade. Safe to say Decadron is on my allergy list now."
"After 4 LONG years of &quot;experimenting&quot; with Lexapro, Paxil and benzos on and off with my regular MD, I decided to see a Psychiatrist that&#039;s very popular in my city. I told him my symptoms and that I was also going through Ativan tolerance withdrawal. He prescribed me Remeron and agreed to wean me off the Ativan properly. I don&#039;t know why my regular MD didn&#039;t try this miracle medicine on me! GRR!! This changed me overnight. It has STOPPED my nervous stomach and I&#039;m eating again. I sleep good too. A few side effects would be the flashing lights you see when you close your eyes the 1st night I took it, and restless legs and vivid dreams but those are slowly disappearing. This medicine has helped me drastically."
"Works fantastic! No more depression or anxiety!"
"Great drug and works like a charm. The only problem I found is it depletes your magnesium and potassium and I got muscle cramps so bad I thought I was having a heart attack. Even was rushed to hospital. The said, no heart attack. Finally, I figured it out on my own eleminating things because all the doctors wanted to do was push more drugs on me. Cannot take the drug. I have had part of my large colon removed due to Diverticulitis and then gall bladder surgery as well as adhesion removal surgery.

For those that are able to take it, I highly recommend it."
"So, I read the previous reviews with a lot of trepidation.  But my experience was pretty positive.  Is it something I want to do again?  No way.  But it wasn&#039;t intolerable as I feared.

The taste isn&#039;t good but bearable if you chase it with something else (ginger ale in my case).  As others have said, it&#039;s the water afterwards which is most difficult as you are already bloated.

My stomach started making noises around 15 minutes afterwards and within 45 minutes I was confined to the toilet for the next hour and a half.  But then it was all clear and we were good. The morning one was more limited as I was already mostly cleared.  Maybe another 45 minutes on the toilet.

The actual colonoscopy was a breeze.   Nothing to fear."
"Needed help getting harder, longer lasting erections. First tried Cialis 10mg a month ago. Very satisfied and no side effects so. Easy use and find it effective even after 24-36 hours."
"Cryselle changed my life. I went from super heavy periods with unbearable cramps that lasted 6-7 days to light, painless periods that last 3 days. My mood swings are gone and I haven&#039;t had any side effects besides a decreased libido which I honestly don&#039;t mind."
"Hi there I wanted to share with the ones that have dry mouth with this I also did if you go to walmart and go to the toothpaste isle find the tooth paste I believe it was called dry mouth in a blue package I used it once and it helped my dry mouth same day and other was able to use my regular toothpaste for a couple weeks before having to brush again with dry mouth tooth paste air wanted to share this because the dry mouth is what almost caused me to stop taking welbutrin but it works so great for me I wanted to try everything possible first:)  really hope this helps also if you don&#039;t have insurance good rx will decrease the cost tremendously :)"
"My dr added buspar twice a day while on lexapro already. Took for about a week. Every time I took it about an hour later all I wanted to do was kill myself. It would go away for a while and then once I took it again, the same feelings came back. Took it for about a week and stopped after I couldn&#039;t take the feelings anymore. Feelings stopped immediately. Would never try this again."
"UPDATE 02/18/2016- I started taking Contrave on December 18. My original review is here for comparison. In 2 months, I did lose 21-23 pounds ( my weight varied a lot with the ScaleDown program included with the medication). I am 5&#039;7&#039;&#039; and almost 58 years old, and my starting weight was 218 . I returned to my doctor&#039;s office today and my weight is 194. That&#039;s the GOOD news.
The bad news is that I have developed persistent, severe nausea without vomiting. It never goes away, regardless of decreasing my dose or slightly changing up my Jenny food.
Because of the unrelenting nausea, I did return to my internal medicine doctor today and I was taken off Contrave due to the severe nausea, which my doctor said is a common side effect. 
Good health!"
"I&#039;ve been on Generess Fe now for over two years, and I am switching to a different birth control. The main reason I&#039;m switching is because my sex drive is virtually non-existent, and my Dr. said that is because the Generess levels you out (because it is super low in estrogen), so you don&#039;t get the &quot;highs&quot; you would get with some other BC pills or without BC. Also, it is not covered by most insurance because it is a chewable (I&#039;ve paid about $25/mo, which is not as fun as free). And I feel like it gives me uncontrollable breakouts -- I also looked into this and a lack of estrogen causes your skin to produce more oil, which causes breakouts. On the plus side, I haven&#039;t had a period in over a year!

Time to switch for me."
"I went on Prozac several months ago after having been severely depressed for over a year straight (with a few days here and there of hypomania). It&#039;s made a huge difference! I&#039;m only on 20 milligrams but I am a lot less depressed and more productive than I was. The only downside is that I am still having some bad mood swings, but overall it has helped my depression a lot."
"I am taking the second cycle now. In general, I&#039;m happy with my experience so far and I&#039;ll keep taking it. Negative sides. During the first week, I felt sick to my stomach all the time and I was supertired, but it went away. During the third week, I had mood swings and felt depressed, but I always feel this way a week before my period, so it was normal to me. Also my boobs became larger and it&#039;s a little painful to touch them, but that&#039;s okay. Positive sides. It feels really good not to worry about becoming pregnant. My sex drive is the same or even increased, weight is the same, appetite doesn&#039;t seem to increase. Period is less heavy, skin is better, acne is disappearing."
"Within minutes of taking pill I started itching like crazy and blister/boil like sores popped up . Stopped taking it for three days itching stopped and boils healed. Its may still have fillers in it"
"I just started taking this pill not yet through the first week, and already I&#039;m covered in acne which I never had using the IUD. I decided I didn&#039;t want the IUD anymore after the five years were up because it poked my partner and is something I can&#039;t take out myself. Anyways Yasmin has caused me crazy acne like teenager status (I&#039;m 25) and has caused me breast tenderness when I used to feel no tenderness at all. I read the reviews about gaining a cup size.. I hope that doesn&#039;t happen to me, I already have  DD&#039;s. We&#039;ll see how the next few months play out, but so far NOT IMPRESSED"
"As far as birth control goes it works but I have had horrible headaches, monthly pains that I never had before, horrible mood swings and weight gain and very bloated. I&#039;m switching this week after my cycle."
"I had rosacea (occasional red bumps and redness) on my face (only) for several years.  I finally saw a dermatologist, who prescribed minocycline plus a topical application, Clarifoam EF.  Since I began treatment seven weeks ago, my skin improved noticeably with the first ten days and has not shown return of the symptoms.  I&#039;m waiting to see if it does return when I am completely off the minocycline.  A possible side benefit (or coincident), I had a thickening in my throat and chronic cough when lying down or when breathing deeply or laughing.  That also was gone within the first two weeks."
"Horrible effects; insomnia, muscle spasm, heart pain, facial pain, skin rashes and acne, low body temperatutre&lt;97 F"
"I was diagnosed with a 13cm fibroid.  The doctor wanted to shrink it to be able to perform a lathroscopic hysterectomy.  I was having CONSTANT heavy bleeding for months on end, even the transamic acid wasn&#039;t slowing it down.   First drug we tried was Fibristal.  It was supposed to slow the bleeding and shrink the fibroid.  I took this for 6 months and it did ABSOLUTELY nothing.   The doctor then suggested Lupron Depot. The first week on Lupron was hard.  Bleeding was much heavier than before (which was already horrible).  But by week 2 the bleeding completely stopped.  By 5 months on Lupron my fibroid had shrunk to 11cm.  A bit of hot flashes. Some fogginess/irritability, but that&#039;s normal for me...lol"
"I take Vicodin for menstrual cramps.  It is quite effective in eliminating the pain, but it does make me very sleepy and slightly out of touch with reality.  I found that caffeine counters this effect, but I haven&#039;t asked my doctor yet if it is okay to take caffeine with Vicodin (I read the warning label twice and didn&#039;t find anything mentioned there).  I haven&#039;t noticed withdrawal symptoms, but I do use a minimum amount and am not prone to addiction in general."
"ignore the horror stories! I got the implant yesterday and yes there was some painful cramping but it wasn&#039;t enough to make me want to pass out or not drive home. I just made sure to relax and keep breathing and it was over before I knew it. I was perfectly fine immediately after my gyno removed all her instruments. I took 800 mg of ibuprofen before hand  and my nurse told me that I should just stay in pain meds for 24 hours because of the cramps, I did get cramps maybe 3 hours after I got the implant and a few of them sucked but they were like regular period cramps. I got home and cuddle up with a heat pack and went to bed.I&#039;m halfway through my 2nd day and I&#039;m not on meds and I&#039;m fine. So far so good. Will leave another review later."
"I started taking trazadone 50mg for anxiety and an anti anxiety med. I was given 150mg for depression but it had little effect but did not have a negative reaction like prozac etc after many years of deliberating with my doctor 450mg daily works for severe depression for me. Once you get used to the drowsiness it works great.  I feel much better."
"The birth control does well with keeping you from getting pregnant. But I&#039;m on my third month of taking the pill, and I&#039;ve been bloated for about a week and a half now. I lost my appetite, mood swings, and head aches."
"Works great for me when I use it on a &quot;per attack&quot; basis. My Doctor put me on it 3 times a day and that will make it ineffective. I only take it when I feel my heart starting to race and within 5 to 10 minutes I am back to normal."
"I took this medication for 5 months. I started off the first couple months with lots of nausea and my breasts were constantly sore. I decided to wait it out, but today had to call my doctor to get it switched. While on this medication, my breasts were constantly tender and very painful. I also felt nauseous a lot and on the first day of my last period I had to miss school because of it. My PMS symptoms seemed worse. It did work to prevent pregnancy, because my sex drive is non-existent. I also experienced dryness l, which I have never had a problem with. Other than the breast soreness and nausea, I didn&#039;t gain any weight or have any other issues."
"I&#039;ve been using pentasa 2 times a day a total of 4 pills it definitely helps! Sometimes I get headaches and feel sick sometimes and occasionally get pain and for some reason ever since I started taking them I get these weird skin patches"
"after 18 months of extreme life stress, I could not fall asleep. I was getting mental health counselling and started taking a low dose sertraline (50mg), not sure it helped.  I was diagnosed with acute trauma, anxiety, major depression, paranoia and insomnia.  My new general practitioner recommended I try Trazodone, as I would only consider a stronger drug like xanax as a last resort, I am very sensitive to medications. She prescribed 50 mg at bedtime. I started with 25mg at bedtime. After just one dose, and a great nights sleep, I woke up the next day feeling like I had just awoken from a very long (18 months+) bad dream.  I am at a loss to understand how just one dose of 25mg and one nights sleep had that huge impact.  MIRACLE!!!"
"I went to the doctor because of a serious flu that affected my breathing because of post nasal drips, extreme coughing and fearsome blockage of my throat while coughing. Among two other medicines including general cough medicine, he prescribed Nasonex. This has helped tremendously. It has cleared my nasal passages and it has allowed me to breath properly. It has stopped my heavy snoring which was caused by having to breath through my mouth.

I do not know whether I am imagining it, but for years I have had erectile disfunction, so much so that I have given up trying anything to cure it and just accept my condition. However, lately I am getting reasonable erections at night and I wounder if it is some beneficial side effect of Nasonex."
"I have Crohn&#039;s disease! It&#039;s like a Miracle drug. One dose in the morning and one dose in the evening I dont have any problems associated with the crohn&#039;s disease!"
"Apart from sluggishness and diarrhea, this has kept me alive for 10 years."
"Tinnitus, very loud and lasts all day and night. Couldn&#039;t sleep until I used Xanax and it worked great!"
"A friend and i had a mishap with a condom : i checked ovulation calendars (even though they aren&#039;t reliable information)they indicated i was in the fw..past ovulation. Maybe. We bought plan b, and i took it 8pm the day after.  All the symptoms began the following day. Nausea,  with waves of panic after reading it might not be effective on women over bmi, which i found news those studies are not conclusive. No proof.  More freaking out because of timing. I may of already ovulated. Well, my period was on time but did not have usual symptoms. I had pregnancy symptoms as  pms and  plan b like to mimic. He flaked out prior to so I&#039;m glad. Im 38, bmi is high, i already ovulated am sure and time frame was 24hrs later after deed.  It worked for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Chantix for six weeks and have uncontrollably made contact with every ex-girlfriend I&#039;ve ever had, to rehash all of our relationship problems. On a more positive note, I&#039;m feeling optimistic about quitting smoking. Anyone considering chantix should delete the phone numbers of all their exes. Trust me."
"I dealt with troubled sons. One did 12 years of Angola La State Pen. He came to  worked for me for some years. Was extremely stressful to deal with an ex-convict in weather in construction bricklaying business. A bit later my youngest Son moved out. He got with awful drug addicts. Did Meth, Coke, Vodka. Tore up apartments, his own house fora sum of $32,000 coming off meth. He did $10,000 damage on a 1999 super Dodge Dakota.  Lorazepam saved my life. I&#039;m a 225 lb man, 76 years old. I started 20 years ago. Worked for me in 30 minutes, I felt calm and hope come over me. I take 2mg morning and night.  Why would I care if this addiction makes me feel good. You shouldn&#039;t care either if this addition helps you cope. It&#039;s a miracle drug. Thank God!"
"I was prescribed Atarax taking 25mg up to 3x daily or as needed. The first few days it made me groggy and want to sleep and experience very vivid dreams and nightmares. After a few days the grogginess went away and it actually helped me function while having high anxiety and helped to calm me. I still experience nightmares more often than I&#039;d like to but I&#039;d rather be functioning daily so I keep taking it"
"This birth control made my face really clear. When I get my period..I get tiny pimples here &amp; there but it&#039;s nothing serious. Before the birth control my menstrual cramps used to sooooo painful! Now I barely have cramps. The con of this pill is low sex drive. I rarely have sex with my boyfriend and when I do, it burns after. That never happened before the pill."
"Had 3 implanon implants and currently have nexplanon in, I loved the implanon, no real side effects, regular periods and I managed to lose 4 st whilst on them, but the nexplanon is another matter, brain fog, hair thinning, anxiety, depression, non existent sex drive, I can&#039;t even bear for my husband to touch me, sore boobs to the point that it makes me cry, now weight gain, since I had it put in in May 16 I have gained 2.5 stone, I have an active job and eat healthily, no matter what I do my weight keeps jumping up at 7lb at a time and I cannot shift it, I cannot wait to get it out, please ladies do not have this implant!!!"
"I loved the nexplanon for a week after my period ended and now I&#039;ve been non stop bleeding for about two   weeks now. I&#039;m so disappointed and I want to get mine removed. I knew going into getting it that there would be &quot;spotting&quot; but I didn&#039;t expect to have a heavy period for 2   weeks. Never will I get this again."
"I started with infection in my sinus that was mild. Then I got a bad nosebleed that was unrelated to the infection. I had to get one complete side of my nose packed all the way to the sinus cavity (uncomfortable). The doctor gave me Augmentin 875-125 for 2 weeks so no further infection ensued. Almost done with it now and it worked extremely well for the infection. Like some have said, make sure that you have a restroom close by. It will make your gas pretty much unbearably crude."
"I have had my Implanon in since February 2011, so 14 months. It has been really great. At first I was gaining weight, but that was because of unhealthy habits. Now that I am up and moving more, drinking less soda and more water, I am losing faster than ever. I get a &quot;period&quot; every 3-4 months or so, and even then it is just 3 days of slight spotting. The only negatives I can think of are slightly decreased sex drive (which you can work through) and sometimes feeling a bit depressed (which usually lasts less than a day). If you are thinking about getting Implanon and are turned off by the possible side effects, just try it. It can be taken out any time. And remember, there is no &quot;natural&quot; birth control, everything has side effects."
"I had the Implanon placed 1 month after my daughter was born, May 2011.  It is now April 2012.  I am getting this taken out in 1 week. I can&#039;t take it anymore...I have pretty much been on my period 10 out of the 12 months I have had it. I am always tired, always moody. Before I had so much energy and was outgoing, now I have no energy and hate everything.  The Implanon did not work for me at all.  I&#039;m going to try out Trinessa now, hopefully it will work out better for me."
"After trying every other hormone. The Doctor put me on methyltestosterone F S. I have been on this drug for 20 yrs now. My Insurance will not pay for it.It is the only hormone that works for me. I type this now because I stop taking 10 days a go thinking 70 years old I would not need them. At this time I am in hot flashs, sweats and can not sleep. I will be making a appointment with my Doc ASAP. Do not think your to old to need estrogens and testosterones."
"I&#039;ve been taking this birth control for over 2 years. It works great most of the time but once a year I have a period that&#039;s 2 weeks long. I&#039;m going to my doctor soon to look at other options."
"nothing you can lose at all with this pills  - only your money ,even with very strict diet"
"For the first night in I can&#039;t tell you how long, I am processing one thought at a time. I am calm instead of frienzied. My normal 20 thoughts all playing at the same time are gone and I&#039;m not sure what to do with the calm. This may take a few days to adjust, but I am at peace right now that has been sorely lacking."
"I&#039;ve been depressed for most of my life but was raised to &quot;tough it out&quot;. I am a recovering opioid addict so I am scared to take any medication at all. The last 3 years I&#039;ve completely withdrawn from any social activities, relationships &amp; have just been doing the bare minimum to get by. Recently my oldest son turned 18 &amp; has severed ties with me. This took me to the lowest low I&#039;ve ever been &amp; made me suicidal. For the sake of my younger son, I chose to get help. I was put on 20mg of prozac &amp; have been on it for 3 weeks. I wish I would have done this sooner. Through my recovery from opioids, I&#039;ve learned that pills are not the answer so these combined with counseling is the solution I&#039;ve needed for a long time. I hope this helps others."
"I have been taking Exforge for months now. I&#039;m having trouble with heart beating fast. Tired all the time. It has my blood pressure down but I don&#039;t feel well."
"LOVE this pill. I&#039;m in the last week of active pills for the 3-month pack and I have yet to experience any negative side effects. No breakthrough bleeding, no sudden flares in acne, my weight has not fluctuated, and my sex drive is still kickin! Definitely recommend this pill to anyone considering Seasonique."
"Only one that ever helped. WHEN will it go generic?"
"Best birth control ever, did make me extremely moody and hungry .. Only thing that had me worried was that my bones started to crack so easily .. So I stopped taking it"
"I have done very well on Gilenya. I was very hesistant at first because I was on Tysabri for 4 years (which worked great) when they did a study and found out I had the JC virus. It took me about 6 months to decide what to do, but after going to two of the best neurologists, and both of them recommending Gilenya, I went forth with that decision. My doctor said a small relapse would be normal in the first 3-5 months since my body would still be adjusting. I have never had a relapse since being treated. I have been on it for 6 months. If you are going to do it just do it with confidence and positive thinking because if you stress about it then any medicine you try may not work to its full potential. It&#039;s hard not to but just trust in your decision."
"This is my first time getting a YI and I tried to get an appointment with my doctor but they couldn&#039;t see me for another week from now so I went to the pharmacy today to see if I could get something to control the discharge and itching until I can see the doctor and they suggested that I get Monistat 7... so me being the naive person that I am was like oh okay that sounds great! So after I showered tonight I applied day 1 of the application and I promise you this is the worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced down there in my life! My vagina is on fire, it&#039;s itching and throbbing. I want to just wash this stuff out but I feel like I should give the product a chance. Whoever created this stuff need to readjust the formula because this sucks"
"This medication saved my life. I have been struggling with anxiety for 20 years and nothing has worked. Finally decided to go on an SSRI for this and mild depression and it&#039;s like the weight has been lifted off of me. No longer am sick all of the time. No longer do my triggers affect me to the extent that they once did. I had panic attacks about taking this medication, and if you have anxiety about medication I ask you to just give it a try. If this isn&#039;t the one for you then your doctor can switch you. If you&#039;re looking for a sign to start I hope that this is it!"
"I&#039;ve been in severe pain for about 8 years and I&#039;m only in my early 30&#039;s. Have been told by too many doctors that I have fibromyalgia but cannot function on Lyrica. Been on Oxycontin 60mg twice a day for almost 3 years now. I was able to work and take care of my child. But lost insurance and can&#039;t pay the for Oxycontin. So I haven&#039;t been able to work. "
"Holy hell I&#039;m feeling weird. I give this medication a high review because it honestly does work but the sides effects are wild!!!!! I&#039;m on the 6th day of 7 and just took a pregnancy test because I&#039;m so nauseous but could be my own fault because I have only had one meal today and took both pills already so probably not the smartest, have Chinese food on the way though. Also, this is my third time getting BV... so over having a vagina. So yeah, moral of the story.... DON&#039;T TAKE ON AN EMPTY STOMACH!!!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been experiencing intermittent diarrhea for like 4 weeks, unsure y. Doc prescribed me dis med. (Dazomet) brand. Today&#039;s my last day. These are d things i&#039;m experiencing since day 1: 3xday 500mg for 7 days.

1) dark urine almost brown (the smell of antibiotic makes me vomit)
2) bloated and stomach cramps
3) abdominal pain
4) I also feel like i have a flu
5) behavioral changes (i&#039;ve been depressed, clingy etc..)
6) I cant sleep that much due to mentioned cramps and i feel tired and weak.
7) loss of appetite. I don&#039;t want to eat much even if i want to, because i feel like vomitting everyday.
But i feel a lot better now. The side effects are lesser and tolerable as day goes by. Diarrhea did not come back and will go back to doc for follow up"
"I have taken Topamax for bipolar twice. First for three years then now for a year. Do not know why I ever went off! This has been great for me after 25 years on lithium which was like living under 4 wet wool blankets. I also tried Depakote which only increased the weight gain and depression. At first, the side effects were a bit rough even at the initial very low dose of 25 mg. Very sleepy and tingly of hands and feet. BUT they pass, they really do. It may take a week of just being exhausted even when you increase your dose. The appetite depressant is wonderful. Also cuts down on general anxiety. Takes the real edge off the hypomania. I have not had any of the problems with finding words, etc. "
"My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex about 2 weeks ago and bought Plan B the day after having sex. So that night he wore a condom but the condom slipped off and he came inside of me just a little bit.  Just to make sure it wasn&#039;t a possibility of me being pregnant right now he bought Plan B. I was really skeptical on if it&#039;ll work at first but I read all these good reviews and it kind of made me not stress over me possibly being pregnant to much. Today I got my period and it was the biggest relief ever. So don&#039;t stress out Plan B really works."
"Best birth control ever have not had any problems with this medication."
"The only side effect I have dealt with is an achy jaw the day after the shot. My levels were very low and Neulasta did its job and brought my levels back to normal."
"I have been on my period for well over a month after just forgetting one pill. I also have all of the horrible side effects including cramps, bloating, and breast tenderness."
"I got this shot so I wont have to deal with my period this summer I got it on May 8 2015 today is June 18 2015 and I&#039;m still bleeding. Do not get this shot!"
"I&#039;ve suffered from a level of anxiety for most of my life, but last year my husband lost his job. And, while that was a bad turn for us, my reaction to it was quite out of proportion.  I was a crying, anxiety-ridden mess - just struggled to make it through my workday and felt completely unglued and out of control. It was the final straw and my doctor prepared Celexa. I was nauseated the first 2 weeks and then suddenly one day I wasn&#039;t and it&#039;s been smooth sailing from there on out. I do have less interest in sex - a down side and I am sleepy more than I&#039;d like. But, it is overall worth it - plus. God bless whoever made this medicine. It has been a life-saver for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Soolantra now for almost 3 months.  At 2 weeks, I had a flare up.  Then my face cleared up dramatically.  Then at about 4 weeks I had one of the worst flare ups that I have ever had.  White heads everywhere and a few hard pustules that took over a week to heal.  I wanted to give up, but am sooooo glad I stuck with it!  No breakouts since.  If you can muscle through the ups and downs, it&#039;s so worth it.  I believe this medication takes 60-90 days to see full results.  Don&#039;t give up too early!  I also just started on Rhofade in the Am.  Love this as well!  I do not want to take antibiotics and so far these two creams are keeping my face under control!!"
"Struggled with life at home, at work, with relationships. I have never taken stimulants, and I had anxiety and ADHD. Straterra has changed my life. 

Anxiety - gone
Attention - noticeably improved.

This is a medication you have to be patient with. 
 
1st 2 weeks - felt like I was going to pass out of pure exhaustion, constipation, felt zero improvement (40mg.)
3rd week - anxiety amazingly disappeared  (60mg.). 
- Realized my confusion was in fact anxiety  (not lack of intelligence). 
- Job performance - started seeing noticeable improvement to the point to where I was amazing myself. 
- Obsessive thoughts - gone
- Can sit in my seat for longer periods of time and easily tackle many tasks like it&#039;s a piece of cake!
- Handle stress with ease"
"This is the HANDS down best BC out there for me. I have 1 side effect which is lack of appetite in week 1. Nothing else!
Before I took this pill I was bleeding vaginally mysteriously for weeks at a time. This birth control saved me from insanity. It stopped the random bleeding and the awful pain( Endometriosis?) Pain is now a 4/10, not a 10/10. I was thinking of switching the Trinessa 28 day to the one where it&#039;s just one mg. 
I feel good. I gained some weight (I needed it) and my skin is starting to clear up! I feel this also stopped my hair from falling out as often as well.
The only con is that the first week of the pill causes lack of appetite for me. I wonder if anyone else experiences this? I feel great by week 2 &amp; 3."
"DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG. I had a mild yeast infection: some discharge, itching, swelling and I wanted to treat it quickly so I picked monostat one day without doing any research prior. I put the dinosaur egg in me before bed and slept through the night but when I woke up for class I started to experience the worst pain I have ever felt. The burning was so much worse that the actual infection and it&#039;s been 6 hours since it started burning and it&#039;s still continuing. There is also blood coming out of me. I&#039;ve been told that the 7 or 3 day monostat is a similar experience, but not as bad. This drug is also not even guaranteed to work, so I experienced this excruciating pain for nothing, and have to go on the prescribed pill."
"Titrated up to 40mg over two weeks and then tried riding it out for another couple of weeks. Eventually I could not take another day and discontinued the medication. Not only did I not experience relief, but I feel my symptoms worsened while taking Viibryd. I was more irritable, restless, angry, upset, and anxious than I had ever been in my entire life. Also experienced a lot of nausea and headaches"
"I&#039;m on day 7 of using Chantix.  I&#039;m using it to quit a smokeless tobacco habit.  I was using about a tin a day and wanted to share my experience as reading through the reviews it seamed like they were all for smokers.
On day 2 Copenhagen started to taste nasty, and make me nauseous having one it.  I &quot;powered through&quot; this for 3 more days, as I wasn&#039;t quite ready to give up my buddy.  I&#039;m now into day 2 without a &quot;dip&quot; and I really don&#039;t have the desire for one.  I still have triggers, but I can rationalize and overcome with logic that these are just cravings and ignore them.  
As far as side effects I do have some nausea  after taking the pill, but with food and a glass of water its not bad.  Like most very vivid dreams, but no nightmares."
"Been taking this for about a month now.  Had been on Pristiq, but it killed my libido.  Doc finally tested me for low T, and I started taking a steroid replacement (fortesta) about the same time I started Viibyrd.  Now I feel great, but do get the random boner every now and then."
"I am 49 and have been on this medication for one cycle. The side effects have not been as bad as I had anticipated. I had a few mild headaches, and bit of bloating, tender breasts and a mild acne breakout, and was a bit tired a few days. I am taking it for a proliferative endometrium and after 4 days being off the medicine, I am getting a period, so it seems to be working as planned. I am taking 200 mg."
"So I thought I had a yeast infection and went to get the monistat three day eggs to clear it up. I accidentally bought the prefilled applicators because I didn&#039;t read the box, big mistake. I put one in me and felt like Satan himself manifested into my insides. I currently feel like a flame could explode from my vagina and light my whole body on fire. I am hoping this doesn&#039;t happen. In the event that it doesn&#039;t, I will be calling my doctor tomorrow to hear her say out loud not to stick the other two applicators that lead to the fiery gates of Hell up me. Do not use these ever!!"
"Worst medication I have ever had. I started off vomiting once a day, then twice a day. My hands were tingly, and my feet. My scalp went tingly too. I felt so dizzy and thought I was going to pass out. This was just awful. At first I thought this might have been symptoms of amoeba, but it was from the antibiotic - metronodizole is a powerful drug.
Unfornately I had all these symptoms on an island and had to return to mainland. The more competent doctor on mainland, stopped the flagyl and prescribed dioxanide furoate.
Metronodizole is used to treat the parasite, however there are also eggs associated with the parasite, and they will hatch as well. metronodizol treats the parasite, diox treats the eggs. these will show in stool separately."
"I absolutely love the Mirena.  Afer getting with my lifepartner 8 years ago I opted for the Mirena because he had custody of his two daughters and I had custody of my 2 sons.  It has worked great, no periods (unless months up to it being switched), comfortable, and keeps my hormones where they need to be, constant due to my bipolar.  I am up for my 3rd round in August and wish I could just do it now.  I still use it even though my life partner is cut... just in case!  We have enough.  LOL  Give it a try.  I love it!"
"I have been taking Nortriptyline 25mg for two months. I previously had daily migraines for over a year.  No other treatment options worked. The Nortriptyline works! It prevents the migraine from even starting. You have to be good at remembering to take it. If you miss a dose pain can return. I take it one time in the evening. I have only experienced one side effect and that is that it makes me sleep harder. Doesn&#039;t make me sleepy though. I would definitely recommend this med to anyone who suffers with migraines that don&#039;t have a deeper cause."
"Have been taking this for 2 weeks, and the positive effects were immediate for me.  I did have some initial side effects such as dry mouth (lasted a few days), and change in bowel movement (getting better ), yawning a lot first 3-5 days, better now.  The impact it has had on me has been nothing but GREAT.  I had a lot of areas of stress in my life from family to work, and the anxiety made me feel my heart was going to jump out of my chest!  Now, those little things don&#039;t worry me, and I&#039;ve been able to let go of personal struggles that were holding me down, including a broken heart!   This has let me be myself again, and most of all to enjoy life again!!"
"Horrible! I was on it for a month, and quit immediately. I have migraine with aura. My neurologist told me a secret behind closed doors cause he was a cool dude. He said get off all the crap and once the aura comes chug two beers and it will disappear no aura no headache. He swore by it and so do I."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for about a month and a half now. I&#039;ve gotten 3 periods within these past couple of weeks! It&#039;s very uncomfortable. Also I&#039;ve been very emotional like the other girl said all &quot;cry baby like&quot;. My mood swings are crazy. I&#039;ve gained 5 pounds. But I am baby free."
"I&#039;ve been depressed for about 14 years. I was on Wellbutrin along with Cymbalta. I was doing welI, but sleeping a lot. My NP suggested Trintellix. She weaned me off of Cymbalta and started me on 5 mg of Trintellix for a week, then upped to 10 for 2 weeks, then started on 20mg. I immediately started having terrible mood swings, with anger and irritability. I have since gone back to 10 mg, however,  I cry at the drop of a hat, I have no energy, I have muscle aches and I have a terrible neck ache. My anxiety level has been thru the roof and I have no appetite. I believe this medication has also given me diarrhea. This medication is horrible."
"Bottom line - it works. It will definitely make you quit smoking.   The side-effects are awful, but I guess its a price to pay for prolonging your life a bit.  
You MUST eat before taking it, or it sucks.
You need to try to be as stress-free as possible when using. You can&#039;t get into any conflicting situations. You might need to rely on a spouse or roomie to wake you up in the morning, or you will sleep like a rock and never acknowledge the alarm clock.
You can have some pretty gnarly dreams while using. You will quit smoking on this pill."
"I started Adipex yesterday morning &amp; I lost 3 lbs when I weighed today. Dry mouth, but water is good anyway. Lots of energy. No appetite. Force myself to eat. Zumba &amp; walking 4 nights a week is my plan. 251 to 248 in a day!!!! What??!! I&#039;m on my way to being healthy &amp; happier! Just turned 36 &amp; I&#039;m excited."
"I&#039;m in Australia ,  only just started this medication a week ago but I feel a less fatigued already. I was stuck in bed most days, but now I can go longer without needing to go to bed or feeling like I&#039;m going to collapse. I haven&#039;t noticed any bad side effects yet either which is good! As I get nauseated and dizzy on meds easily and haven&#039;t found that to be the case! I just wanted to point out that some people hear a lot of bad things that aren&#039;t necessarily reported or true. Like I noticed a woman on here said she needs to stop taking it because of the tinnitus side effect means she might go deaf. But deafness hasn&#039;t been reported, just tinnitus as a side effect whilst taking it. Don&#039;t be so afraid if it&#039;s going to give u your life back"
"After thirty plus years unable to control nocturnal seizures with Dilantin, Tegretol and now, Tegretol XR I now take 500MG of Keppra twice daily plus the XR and am controlled night and day with no noticeable side effects. This has lasted for the last six years. I am very pleased and glad to get rid of those nocturnal seizures with their after effects. The difficult part is the cost of the non-generic, especially as I get older. "
"I went on this BC because my insurance stopped covering Loestrin. So far I am on month 3, and I am trying to stick it out but it has been terrible. I usually get breakouts right before my period, now I have them constantly. I am  constantly depressed and fatigued beyond belief. I also have bloating, gained weight(though I admit there could be other causes as far as the weight is concerned), and I have constant cramping(though it is minor, it is daily and noticeable). I&#039;ve also had severe migraines and I only just now put it together that the migraines started when I started this pill. Also I am 26,non-smoker and take the pill continuously(no periods)."
"So far it&#039;s been a good experience... I&#039;ve been dealing with skin issues for the past year but it wasn&#039;t until this past month when I had my IUD removed that I had a spike in hormones (which you can imagine made my skin go insane.)  My dermatologist prescribed me Duac, Minocycline and Spinoloctane. I have yet to try the two other medications yet because I read reviews that there can be an initial breakout that is horrendous or it can clear up completely in 2 weeks. 

However, so far with the Duac my skin has cleared up existing acne but still not preventing new ones from forming. New ones aren&#039;t forming as fast as before (2-3) every day but now it&#039;s like 1 every 3 days. It&#039;s doing a great job. SUPER drying though. Moisturize!"
"I&#039;ve been on medication like : Remeron, Tegretol, etc for years. I heard about this medicine and asked my doctor and he prescribed it to me (50 mg).
First week..fine, second week.. The worst time of my life. I felt over depressed, my body sore, had panic attacks, felt extremely aggressive. I ended up in hospital, and this great doctor told me that 50 mg is the initial dose but it&#039;s not right because this drug is highly concentrated. I nearly had an overdose bcause of the 50 mg! So as the psychiatrist from the hospital told me to take just 25mg, I now feel alive and happy again."
"I have been on Belviq for 3 weeks, twice daily. Most side affects have gone away except I&#039;m still tired a lot. I started @ 244, I&#039;m now at 230. I walk 2 miles most days of the week and I watch my carb intake.  It has greatly reduced my appetite where I almost forget to eat. I drink lots of water and drink a cup of hot green tea at bedtime."
"My mother has cancer. With that she has anxiety. The Dr prescribed her vistaril 25mg. Granted it kinda helps anxiety but it contributes to hallucinations. When I leave her off of it she has anxiety when she takes it, her dreams are vividly real. Weigh your options or decrease dosage but if a loved one is taking this medication before mental diagnosis try replacing or removing this drug for at least 48 hrs."
"So I was on Ginanvi for about 3 months before I switched over to this pill due to the high cost of Ginavi (I don&#039;t have insurance). Ginanvi had cleared up my acne in the short time I used and I was hoping this birth control would not mess that up. I was wrong. After 2-3 months of using this pill my skin went crazy with horrible breakouts. Now, 9 months later I still have horrible acne. If you want a pill that helps with acne this is NOT it. It also made my period &quot;weird&quot;. I would have little to no period one month and a heavy one the next . The month that I had a heavier flow my boobs would hurt a lot. I also noticed that at the beginning of taking it , I would be moody and extremely irritable all the time . It&#039;s time for me to switch."
"This is great. It stops 98% of hot flashes, stops mood swings. Have been taking this for 1 year."
"My 15 year old daughter suffers from severe anxiety and panic attacks, her psychiatrist put her on 10mg of Propranolol once daily as SSRI&#039;s weren&#039;t helping.  The medication worked well and she felt less anxious within a few days, she did feel she needed a slightly higher dose for really high anxiety provoking situations, however her doctor didn&#039;t want to increase her does.  After 1 month of being on medication I noticed she was shedding a lot of hair.  She immediately stopped taking the medication as I knew this was a &quot;rare&quot; side effect.  4 weeks since she has been off she is STILL shedding lots of hair and overall lost about 30% of her hair.  Pray everyday it will stop as it is devastating.  Think twice before taking this med."
"I was almost wheelchair bound, every joint in my body inflamed and lots of pain walking.  Psoriasis was flaring too all over.

The day I took my first shot I could feel the joints loosening and pain lessening.  Within 6 months I was virtually pain free and completely mobile.  2 years now and I am riding my bike 25 miles a day and combined with light treatment my skin is 90% clear."
"Im in my 30 5&#039;6 and my starting weight was 276. In the first month I lost 24 pounds. The second month I lost 8 more. I stopped because I felt like my body was getting accustomed to it. So one month later I went to the doctor to get more pills. I started taking a week ago and I lost 10 more pounds. From the beginning I watch what I ate. I drank water and when I was tired of drinking water I would drink a small bottle of powerade to get some flavor. The doctor told me to be on a 1200 calorie diet but I choose 500 to help the process. I was a size 22 and now I&#039;m between 16 and 18 depending on the clothing. So I lost a total of 45 pounds being actively on the pill for 2 months 1 week. Im happy...can&#039;t complain."
"It gave me a headache. It does nothing, no effect at all after use. On top of that it is very expensive for nasal spray and other products cheaper like nasonex does the job very well."
"I did not like it. I tried it for 2 weeks and always woke up at 2.30 am or 3.00am then I couldn&#039;t go back to sleep."
"While I was pregnant my breasts didn&#039;t grow. I also didn&#039;t breastfeed, it&#039;s has been 5 months that I had my baby. I stared using Nuvaring 2 MONTHS AGO AND MY Breasts STARTED TO GROW. I WENT FROM A (B) TO A PERFECT (C). I LOVE NUVARING.  I ALSO DON&#039;T GET MOODY."
"I have sleep apnea. Sometimes I wake up feeling like I haven&#039;t had any sleep. In a fog so to speak. I have gone to sleep sitting at stoplights on the way to work in the morning. This medication does wonders. I still drink my coffee and it helps to boost the effects. I still get sleepy in the afternoon sometimes but I am able to fight it off much better. Before I couldn&#039;t and would go to sleep. It is just too expensive. "
"I&#039;ve been taking metoprolol for about 12 years now, 1 in the morning and 1 at night for the first 7 years and then dropped it to 1 morning and half at night and for the last 2 years. I&#039;ve been on half morning and half at night, my heart rate was too low but apart from that I have had no other problems."
"Does not work for me."
"I live in the UK where it is virtually impossible to get Xanax (or any benzodiazepine) so I am very lucky to have found a good doctor to prescribe it. I am 25 years old and the last 14 years of my life were a living hell. I have BPD and a very severe anxiety disorder that left me having multiple daily panic attacks, breakdowns and even suicide attempts. Every doctor told me in the UK we get talking therapy and an SSRI for anxiety, but never benzo&#039;s. So I suffered on for years and years until 4 months ago I found a Dr who prescribed me Xanax (Alprazolam) 0.5mg 3 times a day (1mg if needed) and it is a miracle drug to me. For the first time in my life, I live without the constant, crippling anxiety. I HIGHLY recommend this med."
"This drug has helped me for 3 yrs after 3 athroscopic knee surgeries and finally a total replacment ( 5 yr period) getting off the vicoden was horrible! know I have been though 1 neck fusion, 3 back surgeries ending with a fusion. I have sever arthritise in my back. The tramadol helps me to be able to resume my life some what, with out the agonizing pain that I live with. I take 50 mgs 4x a day. I do not feel as if I need my dosage uped after this long. Iseem to do just fine. I can have my grandchilderen, work in my garden, and do genral houshold chores. In general I can continue a fairly normal life."
"Periods recommenced on using this, also got menstrual cramps (which I had before so no huge deal). Lost all sweating symptoms and skin became less dry, although skin is itchy. Other than this I have had no other bad side effects; have been on this medicine now for approximately 6 months."
"I just started taking the pill and 2 and a half weeks in my period started.  It was reg/light flow but the cramps are horrible. I&#039;ve never had cramps like that and it lasted for six days straight not to mention I&#039;m going on 10 days still bleeding a regular flow and it doesn&#039;t look to lighten up anytime soon. I thought it would lighten and shorten periods but I&#039;m having an opposite reaction."
"Been taking januvia 100 mg a day for 12 days and it has just started to work really well
Blood sugar is 6.9 mmol at mid day 
Very pleased and I have no side effects
Fortunately in England diabetics get there meds free on nhs"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for a couple years. I no longer obsess over things and am no longer as depressed as I used to be. They seem to keep me in balance with my emotions. I would recommend this to anyone with depression and also compulsive behavior."
"I started Prozac as one of my first anti depressants for MDD

 It made me horribly sick. I was nauseous all day, and wouldn&#039;t eat for days at a time. I stayed on it to try and get thorough the side effects but they wouldn&#039;t stop, I was throwing up every other day

One day I woke up and I started to violently shake, This lasted for over 12 hours until I ended up in the hospital with Tachycardia. 

This was a horrible experience and months later I still have stomach and heart issues, I&#039;m on new medications now, But because of my bad experience I get very anxious when I take them"
"Great stuff. NoDoz really does work. Better than most stuff I&#039;ve tried. Would definitely recommend."
"My family doctor prescribed Pramipexole for me about 2 years ago after I had been having awful problems with restless legs for a few weeks.  A few weeks after I started this med, I began to do a lot of shopping online, the UPS truck was a daily sight at my home, plus the mailman and another delivery truck.  I was not getting any relief, talked with my doctor who referred me to neurologist.  He asked me first thing, &quot;how&#039;s the shopping&quot;.  He prescribed generic Sinemet which is not working either.  I have now got arm jerks, some difficulty walking.  What is the answer?"
"While Crestor reduced my cholesterol on the 10 mg dose,  the side effects including foggy thinking, personality change, no pep or enthusiasm, and muscle pains and night gagging sessions and constipation, led me to get my medication changed to Lipitor. With Lipitor I have had no sides effects worth mentioning after 3 months. If I would have had less side effects then I would have been happy to stay on it."
"Effective, but not without side effects. The first month was pretty bad - my hands, feet, and legs were falling asleep and I experienced painful tingling and cramps. My joints also had problems, and I had to wear a brace on my knee for a little while. I was more lethargic. Anything carbonated tasted awful. I couldn&#039;t drink caffeine or my whole body would feel weird and tingly. I also had to pee a lot during the first few weeks and was quite thirsty.

Over time, most of the side effects went away, and my pressure went down. My vision problems completely went away. However, a new side effect appeared after about two years - tinnitus. It is definitely being caused by the medicine, because I&#039;ve found that skipping a dose makes it go away."
"I have struggled with ADD since I was in grade school. Although diagnosed, my mother was not about putting me on medication. That being said I struggled really bad until I graduated. I am now 22 &amp; have been out on almost any ADD/ADHD medication you can think of. To keep it short &amp; sweet, Concerta &amp; focalin worked for about an hour then I turned into a horrible person to be around - extreme mood swings, aggression, agitation, really easily annoyed, &amp; hostile. My doctor decided to put me on Adderall XR 10mg tablets &amp; let me tell you it has saved my life!!!!!! It lasts all day for me, I am more focused, my heart rate doesn&#039;t jump to extremes like it did on Focalin. It actually makes me more relaxed &amp; enjoyable to be around. 10/10"
"Took this medication after regular Amoxicillin did not work for my otitis media with effusion. Worked well except for the fact that it gave me severe diarrhea if taken within a span of 2 hours of ingesting food, so it was very inconvenient when you are working/out of the house. Never heard of this before in fact they recommend you take it with food. I just took it outside of that range of time."
"Have been on Victoza for 6  weeks at this time, at the 1.2 dosage.  Experienced the nausea, however, it has subsided, no noticeable headaches, definitely lowered by blood sugars, morning and night times.  Have lost 22 lbs so far.  Am expecting to move up to the 1.8 after
2 months.  I don&#039;t miss the food, and definitely don&#039;t miss the weight."
"This drug gave me back my life. I suffered with chronic cyclical arthritis that felt like it was in every joint. The fatigue was devastating. Even if I slept for hours I still woke up feeling no better. I was scared to take this drug but eventually I had to do something. Thankfully, I have no side effects. I only have very occasional arthritis and am no longer tired. It has given me back my life. I do have my eyes checked 2x/yr."
"Hi
To all those that gave up before 6 weeks, didn&#039;t give it a fair chance. My first 6 weeks were hell. I wanted to die. The doc saud my body is adjusting and to give it time. My first two weeks... nausea, no appetite, felt high. I lived on crackers and ginger ale. Remember you need to titrate up. About the time I went to full dose,  experienced the most horrible migraine I ever had. My vein on the side of my temple was bulging out and beating hard and my bp went to 145 over 85 which is high for me. This was the weekend, I asked the pharmacist, he said atop it and talk to doc. I had an appt that monday. She told me to start titration again.  Well I did felt perfect. Been on for 14 months doing great.  Give it a chance!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"today is day 7 of using chantix. I&#039;m a 33 year old disabled army vet. I have bi-polar, depression, PTSD, borderline personality disorder and I have been smoking for 20 years. I have tried everything to quit smoking, patches made me want to smoke more, the gum made my stomach feel like it was on fire and cold turkey made me homicidal. On day one I was smoking a pack a day. by day 4 I was smoking 1/2 a pack now I smoke about 3 cigarettes a day, but only a 1/2 a cigarette at a time. I have no nausea, no sleep issues, and no other side effects that I have noticed. I just seem to be be craving cigarettes less and less. I&#039;m really hoping that within a few more days  wont smoke at all."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 3 years. I got on it because I&#039;ve had horrible cramps, and heavy bleeding on my period. I only have a period for 2 days, I get mild cramps now. The only side effect I had other than the period was that I had gained a few pounds. I would recommend this pill to anyone."
"After 6 years of different meds that never worked I was put on 20mg of latuda. Didn&#039;t do anything, didn&#039;t work at all. Doc upped it to 40mg. Taking 40mg gave me maybe 3 weeks of terrible headaches and nausea. Then one morning I woke up and actually felt good, well rested, clear-headed...was such a strange feeling to me. Then I turned on some music and I actually FELT music again, I started dancing around while getting ready. Started reaching out socially, started exercising, and started actually taking a shower every morning again! I can not express in words how good and normal I feel, I actually feel things again. Latuda did a 180 degree change on my life, thanks to the researchers who created this drug, you guys are amazing!"
"25 yr old, female. I&#039;ve been taking 20 mg for 2 weeks now. Only side effect was insomnia so I started taking it in the morning. Maybe a loss in sex drive? No other side effects though. It hasn&#039;t kicked in yet."
"I took 2 250mg total 500mg was that enough to clear it"
"Oxytrol seems to be the best medication for me. I have only tried one other for the overactive bladder.  However, this was the best medication due to the side effects, which were basically unnoticed."
"I have only been taking 1 pill 3x a day instead of 2 3x a day, and only on the worst days as soon as it&#039;s bad, which in turn caused it to shorten my cycle and definitely the huge clots were gone - what a relief!  I also take iron because of being tired.  Prior to trying this medicine, I had an endometrial ablation which failed and none of the birth control pills helped either.  My only recourse if this stops working is a hysterectomy.  I wish my menopause would start already, I&#039;m done having children and have been having hot flashes for over 5 years now!"
"I&#039;m on day 8 with Chantix.  Smoked a pack a day for 25 years.  I haven&#039;t really noticed a huge change yet.  No nausea, no crazy dreams, no mood changes.  Cigarettes are starting to taste a little funny, and sometimes I&#039;ll light up and not want to smoke the whole thing.  I guess I&#039;m just waiting for the big bang!  We&#039;ll see, this is only the first day of my second week with the tiny blue pill.  I&#039;m sort of jealous of the posts I&#039;m reading from people who said they stopped smoking on the 3 and 5 day.  I&#039;ll give it some time.  Day 9 is tomorrow."
"I really like this birth control. I was originally on a different brand of the pill and it made me bloated and I alway felt slugish. I switched to the nuva ring which was not ideal for intercourse so back to my OB I went. I love Lessina no weight gain, no bloating, and minimal cramping during period. I did have side affect of acne but I changed my face wash and it cleared right up. I also swear it increases your sex drive but it could just be me."
"I took 1 and a quarter of a 10mg Propranolol an hour before my speech and gave a 1.5 hour speech with no issues. I&#039;m 5&#039; 1&quot; 125lbs. I normally have a high heart rate, sweat and have trouble breathing during speeches or interviews. This is a miracle drug that eliminated my performance anxiety. I will definitely start taking this before any presentations in the future."
"I&#039;ve been using Estrace 1 mg 2x week for around 9-10 years.  It does help with the dryness, itching, burning symptoms but I&#039;ve had two bladder infections.  I can&#039;t help but wonder if having to REUSE the applicator (and maybe not being able to wash it properly or having leftover soap on it?) is the cause.  I hope to find a good source for disposable applicators so I can feel safer using this medicine."
"My 10 yr old daughter was put on low dose (20mg) of Vyvanse for ADHD.  Her ADHD was severely affecting her school work.  Positive:  immediately teachers and I noticed she could focus, sit more still, and initiate her own homework, etc...  But it&#039;s the NEGATIVE side affects that seriously concerned me.  She went from a cheerful, joyous girl, to a melancholy zombie.  Even worse, she became more and more depressed &amp; irritable at night.  She said she felt like she lost all personality and had a sadness that she didn&#039;t understand why.  I can not emphasize enough how scary it was to see her whole personality change, and that was not worth any benefits.she got out of Vyvanse. Other side effects:  loss of appetite, joint/muscle pain, mouth twitch."
"This is a great product. I am 63 and have been using Cialis off and on for around 3 years. No side effects at all. I take blood pressure pills and cholesterol pills. Half a tablet can last me 2 days."
"I am a 43 year old male. I recently was diagnosed with high blood pressure 190/104. My doctor started me on 5mg per day for the first month. Raised it to 10mg per day on the 2nd month and 20mg per day on the 3rd month. Recently I started having random and uncontrollable bouts of diarrhea. I am also tired all the time with low energy levels. I am an Electrical contractor, before I started taking this medicine, I was a high energy, multi-tasker. Now, although my blood pressure is under control, I am tired most of the time and at times I can&#039;t seem to think clearly enough to perform the complex logical tasks that my job requires. The Diarrhea is sometimes UNCONTROLLABLE."
"I began taking Effexor after coming off of Paxil. I did not like the weight gain and sexual side effects from the Paxil. The Effexor does not do either of those to me even though I have heard some people complain about it. It has also vastly improved my mood and depression. I have been using it combined with Depakote for the past few months and I feel much better then I have in years. My current dose is 150mg a day."
"My GI doc finally gave me some samples of Linzess (290). I have taken it the past two evenings with food at her direction. While I have gotten some relief from my IBS-C, it&#039;s been uncomfortable to say the least. I take the med around 7:00 when I finish dinner, and by 10:30 I&#039;m starting all-night, multiple trips to the bathroom. Explosive, watery diarrhea, loud and almost constant gurgling in my stomach, and my bottom is so raw that I can barely sit down. I still don&#039;t feel totally cleaned out. I can&#039;t keep up this pattern - getting less than 3 hours of sleep a night (I have a stressful job and can&#039;t afford to be this tired!), and I don&#039;t dare take it in the mornings because I wouldn&#039;t be able to work at all!"
"I didn&#039;t care for all aubra. I had headaches very often, even more so when it got close to my period. I never had headaches prior to Aubra. I had really bad anxiety...my heart would start pounding at random times for no reason....I would get extremely depressed and or really angry when it got close to my period....my eyes got super dry and my contacts were painful to wear..... And recently got off of it, for about 2 months now and I have a lot of side effects from quitting it as well. Wished I would have never used it to begin with."
"My period would come and a week later it would happen again for two weeks. I have been on Mononessa for a week and my period is finally under control after years of misery."
"I have been on Eliquis 5 months for a saddle pulmonary Embolism in November, unable to breath, chest pressure, exhaustion and was treated finally by Eliquis. However after three and a half months I have been loosing hair at a rapid rate. Feeling better however the hair loss and swollen legs and insomnia are extremely disheartening and scary. I hope I will get my hair back after treatment and legs will not swell any longer. Hoping someone else has the same experience and can offer me consolation. thank you"
"It has been very helpful in controlling my UC.  I have been taking it since my last episode along with prednisone and it has been a life saver.  I have had no really side effects except extra secretion of saliva, but I am starting to feel much better since starting these medicines."
"I am 20 years old and generally eat well and maintain an active lifestyle. I started using Loestrin 24 FE in April to deal with excessively heavy and irregular periods that started being a problem in January. In the three cycles that I&#039;ve been on it, I have gotten my period 6 times with irregular spotting in between, so it is not at all having the effects I was hoping for. Another complaint is that I&#039;ve gone from 130 lbs to 140 lbs with no significant changes in diet or activity."
"I was put on Sprintec a month ago to help regulate my peroid and help with the severe cramps. In the last month I have had a loss of appetite, lack of energy, two UTI&#039;s, a yeast infection, and severe cramps. "
"Have been on a cocktail of Prozac, Wellbutrin, and Cymbalta for several years for both depression, anxiety, and chronic back pain with GREAT success. Just recently I started to notice I was becoming very short tempered, easily aggravated, and irritable. My Psych gave me .5 mg of Ativan, but also decided to wean me off my Cymbalta 60 mg. The Ativan helped me immensely. Unfortunately,within 2 weeks without my Cymbalta my depression returned, I was sleeping all the time, and worst of all I felt like I could eat everything in the kitchen and still be hungry! Gained weight so quickly,and had no ambition whatsoever. I am now on my 3rd week back on Cymbalta and feeling almost back to normal thankfully! When you find what works for you, stick with it!"
"I am 48 year old women in good health. I did not notice a difference at all. The only side effects I had were some tiredness and loss of appetite. Good luck."
"I used Chantix and completely quit on the 6th day and have not looked back.  That was 3.5 years ago.  I do think Chantix can be dangerous, on the other hand, what could be worse than lung cancer, COPD and the any number of illnesses caused by smoking.  My only side effect was fatigue for the first 2 weeks.  My doctor wanted me to stay on Chantix for 6 months, which I did.  And he had me wean off the over a 6 week period.  I was a heavy smoker - at least a pack a day."
"My face has totally broken out and I never Breakout!  Blood sugar still high. Dropped it just a free points. I would rather take a shot everyday that truly lowered it."
"I didn&#039;t mind my acne too much, but it got really annoying when my parents were complaining about it over time. I tried to reduce the amount of acne. I&#039;ve tried several over the counter products, some worked, some didn&#039;t. Sadly, I did have an increased breakout after using Ortho Tri-Cyclen. Then I went to my doctor. First, I&#039;ve tried Clindoxyl, then Benzoyl peroxide (0.1%/2.5% w/w). Worked fine, but results did not last too long. Then I was on tetracycline for a few months. It worked, for awhile, then I had an increased breakout.
Finally, I got on Accutane. I was really reluctant to be on Accutane because of its side effects, especially when my doctor highlighted suicidal thoughts, and decreased night vision. But after four months, I&#039;m currently happy with the results!"
"I was skeptical about anti-depressants for a long time and decided to take them only as a last resort. I&#039;ve been on 200mg of Zoloft for about 6 months now and the results are fantastic. I&#039;ve had a tremendous improvement in mood, energy, and all around motivation to get up in the morning. I have also had zero side effects. Unless something changes I will continue to take this medication and recommend it to others as well."
"Ladies do not give up, I have been searching for a year for something to heal my cystic jawline acne and chin and literally my skin was so disgusting I stopped being social because my self esteem was at the lowest it&#039;s ever been- let me tell you though- my dermatologist prescribed trinessa bc for my acne and at first it did nothing but make it worse and I felt hopeless but BY THE END OF THE THIRD MONTH oh my god! It was like a miracle!! My skin is glowing and I can say give it time because this really does work by month 3/4 you should see results  up to 6 months but patience is key. I am so happy and I will never try anything else. All I use now for my skin care regimens is cetaphil for oily skin cleanser, and olay hydrating lotion."
"Great medication, takes away alcohol cravings and you can still drink socially, easy to stop after a binge, at 150mg/day adjust according to needs."
"I took the plan b pill the morning after. Was my first time taking it. I was ovulating. We didn&#039;t use a condom but he pulled out. First day, I was a little tired at the end of the day. Second day, a little diarrhea. Nothing more until now it&#039;s day 6 and I&#039;ve started cramping and my near my right ovary is hurting a little. Nothing bad. I can&#039;t say it worked just yet but I can say that I didn&#039;t have any drastic symptoms. The symptoms you have depend on how your body reacts to the high dosage of hormone. I&#039;m sure it also has to do with if the pill actually had anything to flush out of your body or not."
"HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!! Once I got it in, everything changed for me. I was in the process of getting married, stressed, and MOODY! I thought it was from planning a destination wedding. Boy, was I wrong. After a year of having it in and about losing my marriage from my excessive bitchiness due to this implant, I had enough. Removed it and I am a totally different person!"
"I was apprehensive about trying Zoloft, but I wanted to share my experience. I started taking Zoloft 2 weeks ago primarily for major depression. When I&#039;m less depressed I also suffer from social anxiety disorder.

I took 25mg for the first 4 days, then upped to 50mg. First few days on 25mg I had moments of feeling very spaced out. When I increased the dose to 50mg, I had a few days of nausea, diarrhoea and again felt quite spaced out, but after 4 or so days this stopped. I also experienced a few waves of anxiety, but this has since disappeared.

2 weeks in, and I&#039;m feeling better. Not all the way there, but I feel more stable. Less hopeless, more in control. Calmer. I&#039;m starting to feel like myself again."
"Was extremely constipated for about a week decided to take ducolax because I was desperate. Took 2 about 9:00 this morning with water didn&#039;t feel anything until about 3:00 I started having bad cramps so I went to the bathroom could only relieve myself of a few hard pieces this is how it was for hours with the pain getting worse and worse with nausea sweating dizziness I kept thinking I was going to faint so I took one more pill because I thought I was too constipated and it wasn&#039;t working that was a bad idea layed in the fetal position crying due to the pain.. around 7 I finally had a bm (diarreah) and again at 920 but I&#039;m still cramping bad and I&#039;m completely cleaned out but am sitting on the toilet because I&#039;m in pain"
"Much better than Preparation H or any other type of Hemorrhoid Cream"
"My daughter started this medication about 3 months ago. Her grades and reading levels have soared and we don&#039;t have as much trouble getting her to concentrate on homework but when it comes time for bed, she&#039;s a handful and irritable still when confronted with certain tasks to be done like chores. I am not going to consider another medication on top of this but will instead consider a behavior intervention."
"This medication  has changed my life and probably saved my marriage. I can think clearly function effectively and my anxiety is controlled. I can now enjoy all the things I used to . I have had depression and anxiety for most of my life , I am on 50 mg at the moment which seems to suit me perfectly. But there is scope to increase if necessary."
"I have Bipolar, most the time being on Seroquel has helped settle my racing thoughts, helps me sleep at night, and helps me regulate my moods. At times I still get the highs and lows but not as severe without Seroquel. The side effects that I get is dry mouth, dry skin, increased appetite and High Cholestrol. Most of the time this medication helps me out."
"I really want to get off this drug I never get headaches but since taking this drug I have been getting them, severe heartburn and nausea, overall feeling really bad every day. Had the worst anxiety attack I have ever had scared the hell out of me. I have never felt so hopeless, worst drug I have ever used never again."
"So far, I&#039;m very happy as my nausea, vomiting, stomach cramps and anxiety have subsided. Not much relief from depression yet on day 5, but understand it takes time. It does make my tongue numb for a bit after I take it and I&#039;ve had vivid dreams every night on it."
"Hate this medication.  I&#039;ve been on it so far for 4 days, and it makes me feel stoned/drunk, and takes away my ability to focus and concentrate. I can&#039;t wait to get off of it.  Everyone reacts differently to medication, and I hope, other people don&#039;t have to go through the same side effects as I am currently battling."
"The only RX that treats my acne immediately and empties my pores of all impurities. When I skip a few weeks of using my acne comes back. It does make your skin itch a little when you first put it on but it goes away as you sleep. People experiencing burning and redness (stay out of the direct sun light and no sun lamps!!) only use once a day or less! This stuff truly does work like a miracle on my skin. Sucks my insurance never wants to cover it!"
"Surprisingly, good. I took a 10mg tablet and 20 min later I was performing at my peak. Felt bigger and stronger and didn&#039;t experience the headaches that I had with the others. It also seemed to still be in my system a day or so later."
"I took this medication for about a year. Felt severely depressed. Retained fluid. Switched medical insurance which resulted in my seeing another doctor. He changed me from Tenormin to Accupril. After one month, my world changed. No longer hated to get out of the bed each morning. Could now wear my wedding band on my ring finger.
Tenormin was the wrong medicine for me. Wrote a letter to my prior doctor to let her know of my experience."
"Love it."
"The first time I had the implanon every day for 4 month I have bleed. I was a horrible experience. After that, I had it taken out. This is when I ended up pregnant with my son. After he was born I got on to the implanon again. This time I had my period every 4 months. Slowly over time is disappeared. When the term of the implanon was up I had it removed. My period has been back normal, but I have been trying to get pregnant for the last three years.I don&#039;t know if its the implanon that has effected my chance of pregnancy."
"Fabulous drug. Never used anything like this before. Have had erections any 19 year old would be proud of.

Side effects:- girlfriend that wanted sex now says enough. Along with some slight headaches, nasal congestion and flushing of the face. All well worth the results."
"I was on Effexor for almost 2 years starting on the lowest dose til I was just about on the highest - then my doctor decided to try something else as this one wasn&#039;t working anymore - I was really hard work coming off them"
"It does the job, obviously--I haven&#039;t been pregnant. But I have mood swings like I&#039;ve never had before, I get anxious and/or depressed. Most despressingly, my sex drive has all but disappeared. Sex is uncomfortable, sometimes painful, and I seem incapable to naturally lubricate. I used to be able to have sex everyday if I wanted to and orgasm almost every time--not now."
"I&#039;m on my fourth day of this medicine for strep throat and my throat is in unbearable pain still. It really has not done anything for me. Horrible and would not recommend using."
"I have used Soma off and on for many years and never have I been addicted to it or had any withdrawal symptoms!  Even after using it for a year or more!  When I felt I no longer needed it I stopped the medication with no ill effects! It does work well for muscle spasms and aches.  "
"It definitely helped my cough but I did have some minor stomach problems with it and I did feel kind of light-headed at times. Not like I was going to be dizzy or pass out but just kind of odd."
"Started off using Keppra with Tegretol, and at the regular 500mg dose per day. Later upped to 1000MG per day. Once they removed my Tegretol dose, I began to have violent seizures.

Now I have Tegretol back and my dosage of Keppra was doubled again. Now at 2000mg per day. I&#039;m now depressed, tired, nauseated, and don&#039;t really want to eat at all.

I&#039;ll have to talk to my doctor about changing my medication."
"I am on 50mg of trazodone. I take as needed for sleep. I have always been an anxious person however the past six months I have had a lot of life changing events happen to me. I was put on 20mg of Lexapro, that helped with the anxiety however I could not sleep. I was given trazodone and it works great, I find when I am extremely anxious iit is not as effective. The only side effect I have is that I have very vivid dreams, I have always been the type that would have vivid dreams but the dreams I have when I am one trazodone are intense. When I wake up in the morning I sometimes contact the person I was dreaming about to see if it was real or just a dream. Doesn&#039;t bother me though."
"I just started taking Victoza on 10/18/11 and the morning after taking it I was sick, vomiting several times and the nausea stayed around for a long time. Had me scared to take the second injection. I started with 0.6 and am worried if this is how I feel on the small dose, how will I feel if I ever get on the 1.8 dosage. I see that a lot of people have experienced nausea but haven&#039;t read anyone mention that they actually vomited. I feel weak from hardly eating in three days and have only taken two injections thus far. I really want this to work for me. I was prescribed Phenergen 25 mg for nausea and vomiting. Hope I&#039;ll have something better to report soon."
"It worked the best."
"Helped a lot. Made it a lot easier to urinate but still not a strong stream and I still have trouble fully emptying my bladder at night. Caused a lot of hair loss on my body and I no longer ejaculate anything. Sex drive is also down. I still get up 8 times at night to urinate. Doctor has not been able to help with that."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for years and I&#039;m finally starting to question whether my mood swings and irritability are caused by the pill or just my personality. As others have said.. It causes heavy discharge in between periods and I still get severe cramps. I&#039;m going to stop taking it to see if my mood improves"
"I am 57 with Benign Prostate Hyperplasia. Was having problems urinating and have been on Flomax 1 yr., after several weeks problem pretty much gone. Side effects are stuffy nose and a reduction in semen volume. All in all am pleased with it."
"I took this b4 when I had open heart. Worked very well. Now I have just finished my 5th hip surgery and the Vics 5 a day dont help much. This 15mg makes me really tired. "
"I took lisinopril for approximately two years. I developed a violent cough that would not go away. I took over the counter medications for allergies and the cough. It did not help. Finally I went to the emergency room and was prescribed other medications. This didn&#039;t help. Finally I had a heart to heart talk with my primary care physician. He took me off the lisinopril and within a week the cough subsided and went away. "
"My 90 yr old mother who has dementia takes 0.5mg before bed and helped the first night and continues. Also takes 0.5mg in morning. Aggressive and anxiety behavior from dementia &quot;sundowning&quot; have decreased."
"Simponi did not work for me.  Tried it three months, and it made all the bleeding, cramping and diarrhea worse.  I really wanted it to work for me...but it didn&#039;t. And Jannssen was NO help...called it &quot;side effects,&quot; when it was &quot;exacerbation of symptoms.&quot;  

Best wishes if you take it...I hope you find success with it.  :)"
"Restasis SINGLE-DOSE was quite effective and easy to use for my dry eye condition after having intra-ocular lens implant 6-1/2 years ago. I switched to RESTASIS MUTI-DOSE for convenience. But, because of the viscosity/thickness of the MULTI-DOSE liquid it is nearly impossible to dispense.  My hand goes into a spasm trying to squeeze just 1 droplet out. Even my big strong husband has struggles with the bottle. Allergan put too much castor oil and glycerin in the MULTI-DOSE formula. I called Express Scripts pharmacist and was advised to throw out the bottle and try a new one, thinking it was faulty.  New one was just as bad."
"This medication has really helped my seizures plus my migraines. It is really convenient because I have both problems and I don&#039;t have to take two medications for both problems. Topamax is great."
"For three months I suffered from debilitating nausea (without vomiting).  I couldn&#039;t get out of bed because I constantly felt like I was going to vomit.  It was absolutely horrible and I could not figure out what was wrong with me.  I&#039;ve always been an anxious/stressed out person but never thought that it was out of the ordinary.  Finally my family forced me to go to the doctor and she told me that because of my upcoming life events (getting married, starting a new career, moving out) and because of my Type A personality, it&#039;s likely I have a slight chemical imbalance in my brain which could be causing my extreme nausea.  I was so reluctant to take the sertraline, but am SO glad that I did!  My nausea is GONE and I can live life again!"
"I have been using Nexplanon for almost a year and aside from a few side effects such a sleepiness and breakouts in my face I love it. My gynecologist recommended Nexplanon for me due to me having such heavy periods and long lasting periods. I was going through a pad every hour non stop for over a week. It was fully covered by my insurance so I said what the hell got nothing to lose. The insertion process was easy but was quite sore afterwards for a few days. I tried so many other birth controls hated them all and they made me sick. I had a little bit a spotting from time to time for first few months and no I never have a period which I love. I barely notice it in my arm
 Highly recommend to woman having long heavy periods."
"I&#039;m a 15 year old girl and have been taking 18 mg in the morning for 4 days now and 0.1mg of clonidine at night. I had a mild, lingering headache the first day, was able to focus a little more on songs I was working on the 2nd day, lost emotion and had to fake laughing and smiling with my friend the next day, and today I was able to focus a little more than usual and get some vocabulary words done. I&#039;m more motivated, but my attention span isn&#039;t improved much. Also, I can sit still. My psychologist doesn&#039;t think I&#039;m hyperactive but my usual constantly-moving legs and fidgety hands are still.  I&#039;ll have to give it more time to work, and increase the dosage once my body is used to it, but I think it&#039;s doing okay for only 4 days on a low dose."
"To Nick. Please do not quit taking Citalopram. Keep taking it at 20mg and ensure you do relaxation exercises along with CBT and the symptoms will ease"
"My story is really long and complicated. I was originally on Xanax and all it did was make me sleep. Switched doctors because my original doctor wouldn&#039;t switch me off the Xanax. New doctor prescribed me Lexapro. I was upset at first because I didn&#039;t feel I needed it, I thought Lexapro was an anti-depressant and I wasn&#039;t depressed.. About a month after I started taking the Lexapro I felt amazing! But then I lost my health insurance so they put me on Paxil. I miss my Lexapro! It was the best."
"I cut my finger working on my car, It was a very dirty wound that required stitches and I was given Clindamycin in order to prevent infection.  I do not remember any specific warning about the increased chance of any type of intestinal problems associated with this antibiotic.  The Clindamycin caused me to get a C Diff infection that sent me to the ER.  Very painful and passing mucus and blood in the stool.  I have never experienced anything like this before.  I will never take this drug again and suggest doing research before taking this or any other antibiotic.  The problems seem to be clearing up after a course of Flagyl  and Cipro.  More antibiotics to fix the others side effects.  Good luck to anyone suffering from this."
"I was prescribed Tenuate extended-release tabs because of my caffeine sensitivity.  Of course, I noticed a change but not the jittery/shaky feeling that comes with harsh stimulants.  My side effects included nausea, constipation, blurred vision (which I didn&#039;t associate to the meds). I lost 15 pounds over a three month period including the winter holiday period but noticed after that I was not losing anymore.  Two months later and a 6 lb weight gain, I&#039;ve decided to stop taking the meds.  Immediately, I noticed extreme exhaustion and an inability to get going."
"Just started on Prezcobix.  My Dr. moved me off of Isentress because it was causing me joint pain.  Usually I&#039;ve done really well on my HIV meds. Been taking them since 1996.  Just getting started on this one though.  They are large, but sort of flat so somewhat easy to swallow.  Just pay attention to how you swallow them.  No side effects while first starting, so I was glad of that.  I&#039;ll do another review after I&#039;ve been on it for more than 7 months to a year.  Thanks"
"Most effective medicine I&#039;ve had so far. Unfortunately, had to stop taking due to kidney effects."
"Just started taking Arthotec, but I can tell a difference already.  I have less pain.  I also feel very hungry and nauseous.  I&#039;ve had a little dizziness too."
"I&#039;ve found DEMEROL given through IM and IV, to be one of the MOST effective narcotic &quot;PAIN RELIEVERS&quot; given to me after a very traumatic accident and a broken neck"
"I used it again after my second cataract surgery. I had no pain/burning/staining, but I used it REGULARLY as directed. ALWAYS wash hands thoroughly before each administration. Just hard to imagine eye surgery without this medication."
"I have been suffering for years with my lower back and degeneration disease in lower back. I have been on everything imaginable from Lortabs to Roxicodone. Today I was given 100mg Demerol along with Lortab 10&#039;s. I feel like I&#039;m living now instead of just existing!"
"Excellent!"
"Some people have commented that their insurance does not cover this medication. I used to have medicare but don&#039;t anymore. I went to the Forest Pharmaceutical website where I applied for their patient assistance program. I qualified for the medication for free. You have to go through your doctor and you have to re-apply every 3 months but it is worth it! I was so afraid I would have to stop working, because Savella was working so well for me, I did not want to quit using it. Your doctor probably has some samples you can take while you are waiting for approval from Forest Pharmaceuticals."
"I have mixed feelings about this.. the first night I took it, it took about 1 and a half hours to kick in, and when it did my husband said I was acting like I was seriously drunk...which I remember very little of. I do remember it making me crazy itchy, and feeling like my skin was crawling. But, once I got in to bed, I knocked out and slept great and felt great in the morning. However, I took it last night around 930pm, and was up ALL night... I have to be up at 445a for work, and I fell asleep about 330 and just now feel like it&#039;s effects are kicking in. I may end up leaving work early because I feel so awful and tired. I dont know that I will take this again."
"Byetta is my life saver. It not only lowered my blood sugar levels but has helped me lose weight with only mild side effects (nausea). I have lost 28 pounds in three months and my appetite it way less than it used to be. It is expensive but as they say you get what you pay for."
"I started taking Sprintec to avoid pregnancy and regulate my periods. I finished 2 packs already and I just started my third this week. I started the pack two weeks after my period and I did get my period 2 weeks late but it was super heavy the first two days and I have really bad cramps. I got my period late again last month but that was my fault for not keeping up with my pills and my period wasn&#039;t as bad this time. It&#039;s the third month and now I noticed that I gained weight but not a dramatic amount and I have gone up a size in my bra cup and my underwear and jeans. I do tend to get moodier than what I used to but it&#039;s not as dramatic. That&#039;s only been about 3x. My sex drive has not changed. It might have even increased a bit. I&#039;m 19."
"When I first got Paragard my periods were very heavy for the first 9 months and they lasted 9 days! Now, I&#039;ve had my birthcontrol for 1 year and 2 months and my periods last 5-6 days and are moderate! Also, I had mild cramping in the beginning and now I have no cramping at all! :D
I LOVE PARAGARD. The only birthcontrol that works for me and HORMONE-FREE!"
"I started out taking 8 Vicodins a day and after awhile I was a full blown addict taking up to 15 pills every 5 hrs a day close to 50 a day, really bad could not do anything without pills. Started getting really sick every two weeks skin turning yellow liver was hurting I was in very bad shape sex drive was gone my whole life was based around pain pills spending up to $500.00 every 3 days you get the point. Then one day I found out about Suboxone, made an appointment with a doctor that prescribed it, waited 2 days to take it and let me tell you it saved my life. "
"I have chronic autoimmune hepatitis and have been taking Imuran for four years. It has prevented further flare ups (which I have taken as much as a year to recover from) it enables me to live my life feeling well with mild side effects (some nausea)."
"I have a regular cycle with no spotting. I did have some weight gain in the belly area but it helps with pimples and my PMS is better. I would recommend this pill."
"I have been on Trulicity 12 weeks now.  The first 2 weeks I was on the .75mg injection then went to 1.5mg. The first 2 days after my injection I am very nauseated and usually vomit around 4am. My issue is indigestion and of course nausea and vomiting. I have found that eating no greasy foods, dairy products and no eating past 6pm has helped me tremendously on cutting down on the indigestion and nausea and vomiting. My blood sugars are doing great and my A1C is coming down. I like so many others do not have an appetite and I experience diarrhea often. I have lost 34 pounds so far. I am very happy with the medication and just learning what you can and cannot eat is the key factor."
"I have been using Ortho Tri Cyclen for about six months, and there has been a noticeable decrease in the amount of acne, particularly on my forehead and cheeks. There are still small, mostly unnoticeable bumps around my mouth and chin, but these are gradually decreasing as well (just taking a little longer). The one negative thing that I noticed was that previously, my acne would heal quickly without leaving a scar. Now it heals at the same rate but does leave red/pink scarring on my cheeks. I believe it will go away because it has been fading, but it will likely take a while. As far as my cycle is concerned, my periods have been very regular (something that is unusual for me) and light. I have not had any issues with mood swings."
"I thought this medication wouldn&#039;t be that effective but I was WRONG. It cleared my skin in 5 days and even got rid of large cystic acne that I had for like 6 months and nothing helped! I Am amazed. Everyone is saying how my skin is glowing and beautiful. Well I didn&#039;t really think it was the Doxycycline doing it until I stopped and bam broke out all over again. So I started back on it and in 2 days it is clearing the large cystic acne that came back. The only down side is it gives me stomach cramps and pain. I think it helps to drink a lot of water. If you are skeptical of this just give it a try. It works well for adult hormonal acne."
"I have been on the second lowest of the four doses for 10 weeks and have lost the 10 lbs I gained over the past 5 years. Most importantly, I lost it all on my waist - a reduction of nearly 2 inches.  Due to the holidays and the flu I have had more food in front of me and have not been able to exercise as much as normal so I can only imagine what I can do going forward or at a higher dose.  This is by far the most effective weight loss medicine."
"This drug saved my life after being diagnosed when I was admitted to an ER with high fasting blood. I am off Insulin and only on this. I do get low blood sugar later in the day. All in all a great medication."
"I&#039;ve had insomnia all my life but once I was put on Remeron I&#039;m finally able to sleep."
"I am told I am a reasonably intelligent 64 yo. In all honesty my Mother is probably a little biased.  
I have suffered and I do mean suffered severe bouts of anxiety and debilitating depression for over 50 years. As you might Imagine I have seen everybody, tried every remedy under God&#039;s sun. 

Drug companies in this and most other countries are motivated by one thing ONLY. Greed/MONEY and getting more. If someone can be helped as a side effect along the way, it makes great press but it sure isn&#039;t essential. 

I found a Loooooong time ago that I had to do the research into my own personal condition, that I had to in essence, become my own Doctor."
"Skyla is the third birth control method I&rsquo;ve tried. To date, I&rsquo;ve had an IUD for ten months before getting it out today. In regards to its effectiveness and convenience, it&rsquo;s a 10/10 option for birth control. No condoms or trips to the pharmacy for refills in ten months, and no pregnancies. It&rsquo;s nice to not have to actively think of your birth control, especially if you lead a busy life. However, there were some downsides to this method, which is why I switched back to the pill today. The insertion process was unbearably painful for me, I&#039;d rate it a 9/10. I&rsquo;ve always had heavy periods with severe menstrual cramping, and this was by far the worst pain I&rsquo;d ever experienced. After insertion, I experienced mild cramping for the rest of the day, but experienced sporadic, severe cramping for the first two months. Like, &ldquo;knock the wind out of you, can&rsquo;t walk or talk&rdquo; cramping, and it would come and go in spontaneous waves. Those passed after the first 2 months and for the remaining 8, I experienced cramping maybe two or three times and it was when I got my period. Speaking of, I spotted for a no more than two weeks after insertion; my periods became significantly lighter during the first three months and by the fourth plateaued out but remained light the rest of the time. I noticed the more long-term side effects I experienced with Skyla around the 6th month- which were fatigue, weight gain, acne, irritability, and mood swings. The acne is mild, but the weight gain, irritability and mood swings were more significant. I gained about 25 pounds within the ten months and I noticed I was tired, irritable and hormonal all the time- not just when I had my period. I waited a few months to rule out any other factors contributing to these symptoms and to see if they&rsquo;d subside, but they remained. So, I switched to a low-dose birth control pill today, Taytulla. It contains estrogen and progestin, instead of just progestin like Skyla. Hopefully, my symptoms will begin to disappear. Skyla was effective, but unfortunately didn&rsquo;t react well with my body chemistry. But it&rsquo;s different for everyone."
"I had Mirena inserted 4 months after my 2nd child was born. I bled for about 6 months after that and most of the time it was heavy until the end. I also experienced a lot of pregnancy symptoms.  Now my periods have stopped other than long spells of spotting at random times. Sometimes I will have indications that I am going to start and then I don&#039;t.  I now am suffering from lack of energy, low sex drive and an overall sick feeling most of the day. I got over the months of bleeding but I can&#039;t stand the way I feel every day. "
"Aside from some of the crummy side effects, bipolar disorder would not and could not be tolerable without lithium. I used to take Depakote alone, now I take lithium and Depakote and can honestly say that keep me even...most of the time."
"My shaking is well controlled but I don&#039;t like the side effects I have. I am positive the problems are drug related. I have facial pain, like a sinus pain, nasal burning, occasional headaches, lips and mouth tingle.  I no longer have orgasms.  I have low blood pressure so I couldn&#039;t take certain other medications.  A couple others make me very nauseous. I decided to live with the side effects of zonisamide for now."
"I&#039;m younger than most people who take this, but man did the results fan out. I was able to maintain an erection for four hours. I woke up with a stuffy nose and a headache but my wife and I were super glad."
"I&#039;ve been taking 10mg of Celexa a day for almost 3 weeks now. The first week i experienced minor side effects, excessive yawning, irregular heartbeat, anxiety and so on. I came around to the medication about 5 days into it and was feeling good, i wasn&#039;t anxious about socialising and i wasn&#039;t having as many negative thoughts (this lasted a week). But now I&#039;m feeling as though I&#039;m returning to my old self. This might be to early to call as I&#039;ve only taken 18 days worth of tablets but I&#039;m beginning to think my body has built a tolerance for it already. I&#039;m due an appointment with the doc next week so i will enquire about possibly upping the dosage and will review again once i have. I&#039;ve never taken antidepressants so trial and error i suppose!"
"I&#039;ve taken Zoloft off and on for depression and OCD for the past 10 years and have experienced few side effects. I am now taking 100 mg and am fine continuing on it for the rest of my life, though perhaps I&#039;ll go down to 50 mg at some point. It&#039;s been a real life-saver for me; I am rarely down and still feel very much myself. Also, it hasn&#039;t led to any weight gain. In all, am very satisfied."
"Chronic pain associated with ulcerative colitls and multiple bowel surgeries. Had large intestine removed, now have permanent ileostomy. I have a ridiculously high pain tolerance, and after trying out the fentanyl transdermal patch (50 mcg every 48 hrs) and taking 10-12 Percocet 10/325 a day, my pain management doctor prescribed Kadian 30 mg every 12 hrs and Percocet for my breakthrough pain. Kadian has been amazing and is helping me get back to my day-to-day life."
"I started taking propranolol after trying anti-seizure drugs that didn&#039;t work at all. I used immitrex for a couple of years and it was wonderful, but got less and less effective. I started with 80 mg propranolol extended release. I could tell it made a difference in the severity, but didn&#039;t completely control the migraines. I have been on 160 mg a day, once in the morning, once in the evening. Now I rarely get migraines, and very manageable when I do. Different things work for different people.This really works well for me. I had some weight gain, but I attribute it to getting my appetite back. No migraines, no nausea. Haven&#039;t gained enough to remotely think about stopping. Had weird and vivid dreams to start with, but that has stopped."
"Can function as normal when taking this medication"
"Never felt any lessening of pain.  After about 3 weeks of putting it on my foot, I experienced a tingling, burning sensation all the way up the leg to the knee."
"It works excellently. It&#039;s improved my son&#039;s hope for his asthma to get better."
"My 10 year old son, was on Risperdal and it was horrible for him. He started taking 2mg Abilify along with Celexa and in 2 months in school he was doing 70% better. This medication did make his appetite increase and he did gain weight, but not too much weight. Once his body got used to it, he began to have trouble sleeping, so his doctor increased his dosage to 4mg a day, 2mg in the morning and 2 mg at night. He is sleeping well again, and appetite has seem to stabilize. This medicine has been great for my son."
"It was either a dose of Kionex oral Susp, or a trip to ER. The medication was a little chalk like but The flavor of raspberry quickly redeemed the quality of the product. Take it as directed from your physician. Important information such as your Potassium levels are important and if it is your first time can be scary. Know by research..... learn what you can do first..... it is a matter of life or death."
"I am taking 54mg for inattentive ADD its only been a month of taking Concerta without breaks, but I feel I have the general feeling down. I can focus with minimal distraction. After 3 weeks I am feeling the loss of appetite, lost 6lbs in one week and there is only a period of about 5 hours I can feel it work, during that time I love the motivation I get and am more social. All in all it does what it&#039;s supposed to but for only around 5-6 hours, after the working period I am easily aggravated and my ADD is worse than ever. My anxiety was high at first but after a month I feel like it is less of a problem for me. "
"Didn&#039;t do much for my anxiety. I&#039;m taking 150mg two times a day. Can&#039;t really feel much difference. I do feel a little bit more &quot;spacey&quot; though."
"Do not take this medication. I only took one and became very nauseous. I saw that most of the reviews were negative, but I thought I would be the one it would help. I took it yesterday and am still sick today with nausea headache and fatigue. I do not recommend at all."
"The NuvaRing is extremely convenient. I didn&#039;t even notice it most of the time and it did not bother my boyfriend. However, I am bloated all the time, exhausted everyday, crying all the time, and my breasts have gone from C&#039;s to DD&#039;s. Some people would like this, but the reason why they have gotten bigger is I think because I&#039;m so bloated all the time. They feel swollen and painful like when you are PMSing, but on a regular basis. "
"DO NOT GET IT.
I wish this site would let me share the pictures I took after getting this birth control. I broke out hives that covered my entire body. I ended up in the emergency room three times for an allergic reaction and was put on four different types of drugs to reduce the inflammation and rash. It was so painful and itchy I would sit there and shake. No matter what I tried the itching wouldn&#039;t go away and the hives didn&#039;t get better. I called into work twice and was sent home the third time because I could barely stand. Doctors didn&#039;t believe it was from the Nexplanon. I told them if they didn&#039;t take it out I would dig it out with a kitchen knife. Hives were completely gone within an hour of it being taken out. Not worth it."
"It is good for mood stability"
"I was prescribed 500mg for 10 days for acute bronchitis, sinus infection as well as a very painful ear infection.  After the first dose, I did feel a bit better.  The second dose marked a big difference in how I was feeling overall.  I was also prescribed a very expensive inhaler of Albuterol.  (Rarely use)
The third day was when I noticed that the side effects were now more of a problem than my illness. Metallic taste in my mouth, severe dry mouth, leg cramps, NO sleep, rise in BP and HR. dizziness, and ringing in my ears, agitation.  I am on day 5 and do not want to finish the prescription but was warned, &quot;take it completely..even after you begin to feel better.&quot;
The only positive off chart effect is my skin is glowing!"
"June 18, 2017 - I started taking Contrave at the end of January 2017. In the middle of March, I added two Garcinia Gambogia (95%) and 3 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar mixed with any fruit juice, on a daily basis.  I am female, and started out weighing 213 pounds. As of today, I have lost 26 pounds. This weight-loss medicine has helped me tremendously and I am looking forward to the next few months.  If you are considering this medication, be sure and look for the half price coupon. It will save you lots of $$$.  Good luck!"
"I have been taking this drug for over 2 years.  4 days after each shot I have seen a difference.  I believe in this shot combined with Kenalog spray for light areas and Taclonex ointment for the flaky areas. I believe anyone would be 80%  cured after 6 months."
"Celexa has changed my life in 5 days!  Thanks to a doctor who finally understood what was wrong with me after suffering excruciating physical pain for at least 10 or more years.  I feel lIke a new person.  Have had more energy in the last 5 days than I have for 5 years!  Suffering from some insomnia but I am sure that will go away.  - 51 year old female"
"I started on Zoloft, which only made the anxiety worse. Got put on Remeron after a hospital stay and it has changed my life. Started at 15mg and then shortly after increasing to 30mg. I did gain 30lbs on it due to craving sweets constantly so I tried switching to Effexor, only again having my anxiety going out of control again. I went back on Remeron 30mg and I am back to my old self. I sleep very well on this medication which for me is so much nicer despite the weight gain."
"I barely pulled out of this lady while having sex with her at a party this February and I threw down 40 dollars on plan b, she covered the other 10. Within 14 hours she took the pill. We had sex the day her period ended, and within two days of taking the pill she bleed for another week. She never told me anything until two weeks ago, but she got her period and it worked. I was so sketched out the whole time, I&#039;m only 18. But it worked, have faith. Look at the positives."
"This is the only medication that stopped my GERD. After the 14 day treatment, the first day I did not take it, my GERD returned in full force. I wish it would have had a longer effect. Have given up on my doctor finding a solution, so will have to suffer for the next four months until I can repeat the Zegerid."
"It gave me hives that took me well over 4 months to get rid of once I quit taking it.  The hives were so painful."
"I was having coughing episodes about 3 hours long. I coughed until I vomited, and even until I lost control of my other bodily functions (both of them). I basically did not sleep more than 3 hours a night (if that) for a week and a half. Since I can expect this cough for another 4 weeks to 4 months, I broke down and gave this a try. It is a testament to the sheer physical force of the pertussis cough that Tussionex only stops it by about 80%. But that 80% makes all the difference! I am sleeping adequately and can keep food down. The unpleasantness that goes along with taking opiates is far, far preferable to this vicious pertussis cough."
"I wish they had not pulled this drug from the market. It was the only medicine that actually worked and worked well with no side effects. I have since tried Amitiza for my constipation and it made me so nauseous and sick I had to discontinue use. I&#039;m miserable now without my Zelnorm."
"It works very well but costs about $150.00 for 30 day supply."
"This is my second time on this pill. I forgot not to lay down after taking. I have horrible heartburn right now. Almost feel like I&#039;m going to vomit. Hoping this stops soon. Been like an hour already."
"I&#039;m into month three with Contrave. It&#039;s has curbed my cravings for sweets. Food was constantly on my mind, and now food doesn&#039;t own me. That alone is a miracle. I have only lost 10 pounds but that is my fault since I still eat burgers (albeit not the whole thing like before) and haven&#039;t exercised. But I haven&#039;t gained weight which is what I was doing beforehand. I&#039;m just happy having a &#039;normal&#039; relationship with food now."
"Had a terrible sinus infection.  Got on a Zpack.  It takes until day 3 before your really start feeling like it&#039;s working.  The pack continues to work 10 days after you finish it.  I had no tummy problems like I have read on other postings, but I do make sure to eat yogurt everyday when I am on any type of antibiotic.  The probiotics in yogurt can keep you from getting loose stools.  The one thing that I did notice this time was some dizziness. Never before had that with taking a Zpac.  It was not severe dizziness, but enough to make me wonder."
"Almost  1 year on Belviq.  Started at 348 today my weight 251. Knee and hip pain almost totally gone. Blood pressure  down, life is good"
"I felt like a zombie while on this, I gained ten pounds in first week - and I am one to watch my weight! Also my hands began trembling a lot and I felt very nervous, I was always quivering when I spoke. This medicine ended up being quite scary, with a trip to the emergency room for I felt and looked like I was having a seizure, my family called paramedics and it was a dystonic reaction."
"I&#039;m on 100 mg of bupropion Sr twice a day. Some days I&#039;m balanced, some days I&#039;m full of so much energy and today zombie state.
Pros? The &quot;voices&quot; in my head berating me every second of the day is silent. I am starting to see less hallucinations. My sex drive is up and paranoia down.
Cons? Vivid dreams. Like vivid to the point of not being able to differentiate reality.  Also, you always sleep late and wake up early. 
But you trade one major problem for a manageable one so I can deal with this.
It&#039;s only been a month. Perhaps it gets better. Who knows. I am worried it may trigger another psychotic episode...may have to talk to Doctor."
"I had horrible cystic acne on my chin (5-6 large, angry, agonising, red lumps at any one time) &amp; they started to creep along my lower cheek which is when I decided to take oral contraception to help it stop.

Now 6 months on from starting yasmin my skin is better than its ever been and I am only left with slight hyperpigmentation which is easy to cover with makeup. Not 1 new spot this month and NO oil at all! Seriously, not even a shiny nose!

Results only started at around 5 months so please, please keep at it. 1st month my breasts grew and hurt alot but by month 2 they went back to their normal size and I felt no more pain. Months 2-4 I had minor whitehead breakouts along my jawline but these disappeared by month 5. Month 6 I am acne FREE"
"I took the Plan B pill 6 hours after having unprotected sex. I received my period one week later, which was 2-3 weeks ago. I am experiencing days where I am bloated to the max, and it never seems to be a day where I am not bloated. I also experience severe pains in my lower abdomen by my ovaries. It feels like I am cramping everyday and feels like I&#039;m going to start my period. The pill was effective in not making me pregnant."
"I just started this medication..75 dose. I&#039;m worried about the lab tests on rats causing thyroid tumors...anyone else know about this?"
"I am now on my 5th month of Yaz and I have zero acne, best decision I&#039;ve ever made. I first started noticing a difference after the 2sd week, the acne I had started healing and I stopped breaking out (I use get at least one or two new pimples a week, and get a bunch around my period) after the first month I stopped  getting acne all together and I only had some scars. By the second month my scar finally faded and now in my fifth month my skin is completely clear. Everyone is different but I would definitely recommend trying this!"
"I was introduced to a study of Arcalyst in Columbus, Ga. in January of 2007. I was tested and found that I have Familial Cold Auto-inflammatory Syndrome which I have lived with for 55 years. This has been a terrifying disease of misery and pain. But since the Arcalyst injections, from the first one it has changed my life. I am able to work and do anything I desire pain free. I thank God everyday for Regeneron Pharmaceutical Company for this long time study and hard work they have put into this treatment. Everyone needs to try this. My daughter and grand-daughters also have the FCAS and are doing great. Thanks you for the time to express to others the importance of never giving up! Keep the faith."
"After taking this for 3 days and experiencing horrible pain throughout by body I quit. It caused tendinitis in several of my joints. "
"I have severe back pain and have been on everything. Nothing works better then Ultram. I still go to work and don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m in a tunnel. I also have no problems with withdrawl symptoms, when I stop taking them."
"I was given Ocella by my doctor to help cure my hormonal acne. My acne when from bad to very severe but I kept taking the pill hoping that all it was just an initial breakout. Seven months passed and my acne was at its worse. I finally gave up on the pill. What has cleared my face of acne is the regimen which I purchased online. My acne is gone but now I have acne scars which are deep pits in my cheeks. I&#039;m now trying to get rid of the scars that Ocella caused me to have in the first place. DO NOT TAKE OCELLA!"
"I was going through a breakdown and eating healthy and working out but still life was a mess and I couldn&#039;t cope so my PCP prescribed this to get me through. I lost a bunch of weight, fine because I was a tad chunky and became numb to so many things but I was able to cope better and I had a bunch of energy. I couldn&#039;t sleep but it was okay with my 75 hour work week. It was hard to concentrate on my medical studies because I would get confused a lot but overall I adjusted and I would get on it again. Getting off it was smooth."
"I was taking pain medication because of tonsilectomy and hadn&#039;t had any bowel movements in 5 Nights I took 6 TSP on the 5th night and went to sleep with nothing in the morning,I then drank some water and had another 6 TSP in the morning and waiting 1 hour which promptly has been clearing my bowels.I haven&#039;t pooped myself like many others"
"Generic does not work as well as trade brand, Valtrex - not even close"
"I have been on Tikosyn 250mcg; 2 times a day since July 2009.  I have had very little side effects and I&#039;m feeling better..probably, never be as active as I was before all this. I have a defibrillator and pacemaker with 3 leads also. I feel bionic but I am better than I was a year ago. Just wish I could have more energy and not get tired so fast. "
"So far on 10 mg Norvasc and 80 mg Micardis.  Has proven to be an effective combination for my hypertension. Previsouly my readings were around 160/90 and now it is around 130/75.
I am 39 years old, obese person (100kg) 5ft 6 inches in height.

I have been having hihg blood pressure for about a few years now and have tried quite a few types of medicine until these two which has been ok so far."
"A very effective pain medicine that you don&#039;t feel you have to go reaching for it all the time to get relief. I mean you can strictly adhere and take this responsibly per doctors directions. Not many pharmacies carry it, if at all so you will have to order it. That means bringing in your prescription to order it. It may take awhile but it is worth it, for severe pain. Just stick with a good oxycodone for other types of pain. This Levo-Dromoran lasts awhile and too much can cause respiratory depression."
"Oxycodone has made my quality of life much better. If your not in serious pain don&#039;t start taking this. After about 1 year of taking the prescribed dose daily your mind and body WILL become dependent on this medication no matter who you are! I must say it eliminates some if not most my pain and allows me to be a functioning being. "
"I just want to share my experience with Pristiq I had suffered depression since I was 15 and tried many antidepressants that made me hallucinate, gain weight and sleep all day. The day since my doctor changed my medicine to Pristiq my life has changed for ever I can safely say that my depression is completely gone. It also diminished my anxiety by 90%. I have absolutely no side effects no weight gain, tiredness, dizziness. On the contrary, it gives me energy, and I feel happy and calm all the time. I am more social, and I laugh and live life like I used to. Pristiq saved my life, and I know that for some people it may not be the best but if you are trying to look for a new antidepressant you should definitely try Pristiq."
"Works great for GAD.  I fought my feelings for years and just toughed it out.  I found myself drinking to ease my symptoms.  The drinking helped turn my brain off for the night, but the feelings just came back the next day.  Finally told my doctor about my symptoms and was prescribed Lexapro.  Within 48 hours the anxiety was dramatically reduced, no excessive sweating, mind racing, etc.  This drug is a god send.  10 mg works best for me, tried 20 but couldn&#039;t feel the difference.  Now just have to deal with the drinking."
"I was prescribed 10mg for back spasms, has increased my flexibility and reduced pain but added dizziness. I wouldn&#039;t plan on driving anywhere unless you know exactly how your body will react"
"I was on nuvaring for about 3 years &amp; I loved it! No pills to worry about, easy in easy out, comfortable. But I recently got out of a serious relationship &amp; wanted to see what I would feel like without BC. I feel AMAZING. 
Nuvaring GREATLY reduced my sexdrive (it feels so amazing to know it was this medication &amp; not me). It also gave me intense PMS mood swings (which I also thought was me). 
Essentially what this birth control (&amp; most) do, is release such high levels of hormones, as to trick your body into thinking you&#039;re already pregnant. So essentially taking nuvaring was like being a raging dried up bitch for 3 years. I would try something else..

Gave a 5 b/c it was very effective in preventing pregnancy."
"I really wanted this medication to work and took it for 2 weeks.  The side effects were unbearable (I am not a weenie)!!!  Headaches, nausea, dizziness and tinnitus were continuous.  I think you lose weight on this medication because you feel so miserable you don&#039;t even think about eating.  I want to lose weight, but don&#039;t want to feel totally crappy doing it.  Back to weight watchers for me!! BTW-I dos lose 6 pounds in 2 weeks but not worth the side effects!!"
"I used to take Zoloft for many years (approx 8 to be exact) as i has servere panic disorder after completing year 12. I recently weaned my self off the drug and stoped taking it for the past 6 months. I felt myself relapsing and so have gone back on the drug as of last week, im on 25 mg. I currently feel awful, im very dizzy and some days feel like in going to faint if im sitting down for too long which means i cant concentrate at work, i never had these feelings before when i was on the drug why am i feeling this now have they changed the formula of Zoloft? anyway ill give it the recommended 2 weeks to settle again in my body but if it still makes me feel like this i&#039;m going to stop it, i feel awful and very anxious all the time"
"I was on Implanon for a month and lost half my breast size, and spotted with extreme dryness everyday. Took it off after 2 mths after I realized it was giving me depressive and insecure feelings and was tired the whole time and was driving my bf away. I switched to microgynon and had hair loss and breast size reduction. Mood swings sometimes but it was far better than Implanon. Breast recovered by a slight bit but not much. But hair loss for 3 mths was hard for me to bear. So I switched to Yaz. Within 2 weeks, hair loss significantly reduced by 10 fold and I was getting my hair back! and my breast got bigger too, feel happier nowadays. Great, Yaz suits me well."
"I have been taking Pradaxa for approximately 6 weeks and have noticed a significant increase in gas, flatulence and loose bowels.  Otherwise, it sure beats Coumadin."
"Have been in chronic pain for years, due to head, neck, Ts, Ls and S, damage, This is one of the most annoying delivery types ever thought up by the ever failing pharmaceuticals. 
Gross taste and yes to much ends up swallowed, as all pain patients have dry mouth due to everything we&#039;ve had to take. Fail! It works only on some of my pain, it aggravated headaches to full on migraines daily, and did nothing but inflame my worst area. Nausea yes, bowel pain and dis function miserable for anyone with a intestinal issue. 
Why is this being pushed so soon, we all know new meds are never safe, would love for the big 3s to get out of my Doctors care. I&#039;m going to fight back and insist my Doctor be smarter then this save me side effects yet to be seen"
"Okay, I got my Copper IUD 3days ago. I took 1 alive at 9:30 am then a couple ibpro at 11:00pm. My appointment was moved to 2pm so I ate breakfast then napped and took a couple more ibpro at 1:20pm. During the insertion I knew I had to relax or my walls will tighten up. So I did the breathing thing you see pregnant women do. It was painful but short. The pain felt like a pinch not a cramp. It lasted about 5 seconds. 
-I started to cramp about 15min after the insertion so I took some more ibpro every 2-3hrs ( I did not get high or feel dizzy. I normally have 800mg (4pills) when I am on my normal period so I just added 2 pills ). I had sex 5 hours after which was fine. He and I both did not feel the IUD.
- I spotted 3 times that day. Twice the following day."
"I&#039;ve heard that this can be a good experience for some, but I unfortunately had a terrible time. It made me sick, have headaches, gain weight, nauseous, tired, a 4 month long period, and severe anxiety and depression (which was so overwhelming it was the #1 reason I got it out early). It was also very painful to extract---it took over an hour of a scalpel and tweezers in my arm before it finally came out. I understand that I may have had an especially bad experience with this, but be warned that it&#039;s possible. This implant is amazing if you want to be sick and suicidal. And also if you love the sight and sound of your own blood dripping into a metal pan because the nurse did not anticipate it to be so difficult to remove."
"no side effects, no interactions, twice a day .  I take this after having open heart surgery"
"This medicine worked great for many years however, after 6 years I had to get a new medications."
"Worked great in the beginning for a month or so, but that was about it.  Even with my excellent insurance, this wasn&#039;t covered, but I was given a coupon which made it FREE. If not, it would&#039;ve been in the $300 range.
That aside, I used all the samples I got and I saw some results, so I filled the prescription. Long story short, I saw no lasting effects. The good about this, there was no burning, peeling, etc. Out of all the acne creams I used, which is a lot over the course of 10-15 years, tazoratene worked best."
"It makes my eyes twitch"
"I experienced chest pains and false ECG reading due to TriCor. My symptoms of angina, joint and muscle aches, and fatigue ended when I ceased the Tricor. After an expensive Cardiac Stress Test, I was given a clean bill of cardiac health. "
"I am a 54 yr old male with history of anxiety, depression and other mood disorders from about age 38. T-Levels were always on the low side of normal, but had recently dropped significantly. Symptoms became worse. Started an exercise program and could not lose any weight and recovery was slow. Started taking Fortesta June 5, 2011. I had no site reactions or any other adverse reactions. I did notice an immediate increase in resistance training performance, cardio performance and recovery. Weight loss accelerated even though appetite increased. Mood has changed positively, although not as significantly as physical changes have. Medicine is very expensive which is definitely a downside especially if this turns out to be a life long regimen."
"Not a cure and I may have been expecting (hoping for) more, but it&#039;s working for me.  I still use a cane to walk to the office (.33 mile), but I now get around the office without the cane, including going to the restroom, going for lunch, etc."
"For the first time in my life I am able to lose weight by taking Metformin and watching what I eat.  I&#039;ve never been able to sustain weight loss in the past.  I feel like the PCOS cloud has lifted.  I&#039;m 47."
"I have been taking buspar for 4 months now and it has helped pretty well for my anxiety. I take 3 10mg a day. I mostly like it because it helps with the extra anxiety and slight depression i get from the come down off of my adderall i take for adhd every day too. The only side effects I&#039;ve had from the buspar has been nausea but as long as i eat a little bit of food whenever i take them it subsides that pretty well so i would recommend it to anyone with the same situation."
"I&#039;ve used it for my son and it obviously works the way it should. "
"I have been on Januvia for about 7 weeks and have had diarrhea the whole time. I&#039;m also on metformin and between the 2 I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve had a solid poop in weeks but my blood sugars are down from 25 to under 10 most days. I have gained weight 15lbs and I can&#039;t handle the cold this year, always getting chilled. I also have to take mine with food otherwise I get an acid stomach all day no matter what I do. I will be talking to my doctor to see if there are other options or if the benefits outweigh the negatives."
"I&#039;ve came to my end of my first month on this, I started taking it to help reglate my period. It has helped do that! But the Anxitey and depression has been on high, I get crazy moods where I can&#039;t stand anyone &amp; I don&#039;t want to be around anyone. I feel more bloded since taking them."
"Slight improvement in mood, yet still witness episodes of bipolarity/depression, sometimes lasting more than 24 hrs in duration (previously these episodes could last a week or more) not so down and out all the time, negative effect on sexual &#039;drive&#039;, no real urge to even engage with the opposite sex, let alone participate in sexual activity"
"Brain chemicals became imbalanced due to Lyme Disease, HHV6 &amp; Epstein Barr virus.  As part of my treatment, I was prescribed Zoloft.  It&#039;s been very effective in regulating mood and depression symptoms. The few times I have tried going without it for a few weeks (under doctors supervision, of course) the depression and mood symptoms returned."
"This lasts all day; I&#039;m a fast drug metabolizer, so I take 150mg in the am and 150mg in the pm. 

There isn&#039;t a come down, like from stimulants. 

It helped my thoughts to come back to a normal pace and stay on-topic. Helped energy levels. Didn&#039;t help my ability to pay attention to details. Still spaced out when people were talking to me. BUT it helped me be more present and actually remember to do things. No more losing my keys/phone/shoes/mind every day, or struggling to do simple tasks. Added Adderral for the spaciness. Note that it may counteract/mute the effect of most stims, so your doctor may suggest you adjust your dosage. Because of they way they interact, it actually makes my adderral last longer, and there&#039;s zero crash from it."
"Male age 73. Meloxican 7.5.   I have developed a rash and itch after six days, weight gain, and decreased urinating.  The rash and itch according to the side effects description can become severe.  I am discontinuing its use."
"I was prescribed this medication initially for depression and then along with another medication for atypical depression and panic disorder.  I had to give it some stars because it did help with the anxiety.  Problem was I had no life.  No sex drive.  Emotionally flat.  Slept 12-16 hrs a day (I craved sleep all the time) and ate non stop eventually gaining 80 lbs.  Finally my husband encouraged me to go off it.  I tapered the dose and experienced brain zaps and generally weird feelings for several weeks.  "
"I&#039;ve tried many different medications over the years, and Pristiq has been the only one that I can seem to tolerate. I started on sample packs at 50 mg for a few months, and it was actually working, until my doctor&#039;s office conveniently ran out. I was forced to go on Effexor, and though it may be a similar drug, it is absolutely NOT the same. I felt shaky, agitated, and suicidal thoughts also came back while on it. 

Now finally back on Pristiq, and after two days, my anxiety/depression is almost completely gone. It&#039;s like some sort of &quot;switch&quot; went off in my brain. I don&#039;t feel desperate and I&#039;m not texting someone 20 thousand times per day because I feel so suicidal and needy. I am a trashy mess without this drug."
"I&#039;ve been smoking for 50 years and was up to 2.5 packs a day, it was time to try to do something about trying to stop or slow down. I looked at chantix on the internet and the side effects scared me. I talked to a few people and they said it worked to help them cut down but they didn&#039;t stay on it because they had nightmares. I decided I would give a try so called doctor and received a prescription. Followed directions and it was probably one of the best things I did in my life. After one month I stopped smoking  completely and have not had one in 6 months. I staying on chantix for 3 months never had any side effects for myself. I just want to say thank you for chantix you probably gave me a longer life and I feel so much better."
"BPH, 2 acute urinary retention episodes in less than a month. Started with Avodart (0.5 mg) daily (in the morning) and Rapaflo (4 mg, before going to sleep).  This combination seems to be working for me after 3 weeks (no waking up at night to pee, no urgency). Avodart shrinks the prostate (it may take up to 6 month to see improvement) and Rapaflo relaxes  the prostate gland and the bladder&#039;s neck to make it easy to urinate.  Rapaflo also gives me very strong erections (not sure why) and I do have retro ejaculation but I prefer that to the inconvenience  of having a catheter in which can also cause UTI. 

Every man&#039;s prostate is different. Just keep trying to find the right pill for you."
"I started using this topical medicine a few weeks ago. Within the first 7-14 days, my skin was a bit dry, and peeled a little bit. This is just the medicine beginning to work, and exfoliating any dead skin cells. However, after about 2-3 weeks, I started to see a huge improvement in my skin. Before using, I had moderate acne, and now I would classify it as light. Make sure you use this medicine at night, and wash it off in the morning. Also, after you put the medicine on your face at night, put a moisturizer on your face (preferably Cetaphil or CeraVe). During the day, do not expose yourself to prolonged sunshine as the affected areas will get red and feel greasy (not a pleasant look and feeling). This is a great medicine, but give it time."
"I am currently 25 weeks pregnant and have had bad nausea/morning sickness since week 5. This medicine has been wonderful. There are times where I still feel sick, but it&#039;s bearable and I don&#039;t throw up. I&#039;ve been taking it so long now that the sleepiness it causes doesn&#039;t affect me anymore. However, the constipation from it has been a downer."
"My husband and I both love Exubera.  It gave him more control and gave him back his dignity.  He is needle phobic and I had to give him his insulin shots.  This also limited my freedom as I had to be there twice a day to administer the shot.  So no overnight visits to my Mom unless he went too.  With Exubera, diet and exercise, he was able to completely eliminate insulin shots.  He also said that the shots were very painful for him and his skin became very sensitive and bruised."
"I have been on prozac 10mg for 6 days and no change. When will I feel better?"
"It&#039;s not a bad medicine; works wonderfully for many others, but not so much for me. Effexor XR gave me some energy and got rid of my insomnia. That&#039;s about it. I think if I was on another medication, I would have more energy than Effexor has to offer. It worked better the third and forth week of taking it."
"For the first few months, the medication was very successful in terms of giving me the energy and &quot;drive&quot; to get out of bed and do something with my day. However, there are sexual side effects as climax became near impossible.

This wears off with time, both the energy and the sexual side effects. After my body became accustomed to the medication, I lost the extra energy and I became sexually &quot;functional&quot; again. 

After approximately 6 months, my depression returned and was accompanied by severe anxiety, a condition I had never dealt with before.

I&#039;ve since stopped taking Prozac, and noticed significant improvements in my overall life. My experience with Prozac was that it&#039;s good in the short term, but not for the long haul."
"I am a 34 year old male and have been dealing with fibromyalgia and arthritis for 6 years now. I&#039;ve taken just about every kind of pain killer out there and Percocet is the best. I feel as if I can do normal things and be more involved with my family and friends. I was suicidal, the pain and isolation was so depressing. Since being put on this I feel normal again. I&#039;m lucky I guess because I haven&#039;t had any ill effects. I do recommend drinking lots of water to continually flush your kidneys and liver. I&#039;ve been on Percocet for awhile and have had them tested and haven&#039;t had any sign of trouble. You really don&#039;t know how great pain free living is until you experience months or years of chronic pain."
"Helped somewhat with ruination, however sexual ejaculation got crazy and erection was short lived, even with Viagra.  Dizziness is a very big problem, especially when golfing.  Had a rash this morning just under my pectoral muscles, itching.  I have been taking this med about 4-5 weeks.  Call in to the Doc now, waiting....."
"I have tried a variety of medications for ADD; including Ritalin, Adderall, Adderall XR, Dexedrine, and Strattera. Each has benefits along with side effects. 

After several years medicating with central nervous system stimulants (CNS) I  switched to Strattera. I found the medication took a few weeks to take effect, and tended to cause constipation. I also found my psychological state was less effective if I became dehydrated. 

To counter the side effects I added All-Bran into my diet twice a week, and drank more liquids. The big benefit for myself was I could enjoy reading books again, which I could not on the CNS stimulants."
"I had decreased libido, problems with ejaculation, depression, thoughts of harming myself, thoughts of suicide, inability to think clearly or rationally, diarrhea, and upset stomach."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot for about 3 years now. ONLY thing that sucked was in the beginning I had abnormal bleeding and spotting that stopped after the second shot and I haven&#039;t had a period since. I take a daily multi vitamin to reduce the risk of hair loss and bone weakness. No weight gain at all."
"I have used Xanax for the past 15 years for moderate to severe panic and or anxiety attacks. Were it not for this drug, I am not sure what I would have done. It was and still is a God send. I only use it as needed as opposed to daily use. Two downsides are that it makes me drowsy and if I drink alcohol when I have taken it, I get very testy.  Don&#039;t drink and drive and don&#039;t drive while on Xanax."
"I had been on clonazepam 1mg twice a day, my new doctor doesn&#039;t like this medication and decided to switch me to 100mg Lamotrigine. I still have anxiety and horrible night sweats. I mean I SOAK the bed every night (not hormones, they checked my level a week ago because I had to have my uterus and cervix removed 3 years ago, but still have my ovaries). This is the only change in medication and the sweats are unbearable for myself and my husband. Going back to demand my old medicines back. I am glad this works for most. I don&#039;t see this listed as a side effect for anyone else, so I am confused."
"I was diagnosed with pediatric migraines when I was 3 months old. After that I literally had a migraine every 3 months like clockwork for almost 23 years. I got so used to my &quot;every 3 months cycle&quot; that when I knew it was time for it to come around, I would actually warn school and work that I&#039;d be needing at least 3 to 5 days off. I literally don&#039;t know anyone who gets them as bad as I do, I vomit and I&#039;m extremely sensitive to light and sound and I literally can&#039;t get out of bed for 3 to 5 days. They&#039;ve caused me several jobs and several missed days of school. I&#039;ve been prescribed over 20 different medications trying to find that worked but nothing ever did. Then I had a friend show me Clonazepam and ever since then, been migraine free!"
"I have been prescribed Zyprexa 10mg just two days ago. It was prescribed for insomnia and an extra medication for my depression. I have not slept as well as I was told I would. I have had major restlessness in my legs and arms to where I haven&#039;t slept well at all. I have felt very drowsy during the day. I have also tried Ambein which also gave me restlessness in my legs. Not sure if this is right one for me either. Maybe I just need more time? I have noticed I am eating more throughout the day. Not worried about that so much since I need to put on some weight."
"I thought it would be best to wait a few months to write a review- I got the paragard 5 months ago now and as everyone says it was pretty painful getting it inserted but nothing unbearable. Took paracetamol afterwards and hot water bottle and was back to completely normal at the gym 2 days later. I have had every type of contraception under the sun and none have agreed with me- weight gain, mood swings etc. I have also had terrible cramping previous to getting the paragard, I would be in bed for 2 days so they really tried to sway me against the copper iud as it usually makes periods sorer and heavier- unbelievably it has taken my cramps almost completely away. I wish I had got this 5 years ago honestly. Really recommend!"
"After almost being scared away from this IUD, I realize that each individual was in different age groups and may or may have not had children. I am a 45, 4 kids last one is 2.  I cannot take regular birth control as it is a depressant for me. After reading several blogs, reviews and Facebook.  I almost cancelled.  My final research from a natural doctor explained a lot. So I suggest that you find a naturalist and read articles based on their finding about this specific IUD. My appointment was done with my doctor and a sonogram technician she was able to implant the IUD while fully being able to see inside of cervix I had mild cramping and went home and had a mild. There have been no side effects I couldn&#039;t be happier highly suggest 10yr 99% guarantee. No your body and what you do to it you should be fully satisfied!"
"This has by far been the worst birth control I have ever had. I have a constant headache almost daily ever since I started taking it. My breasts reduced in size, I have gained massive amounts of weight. And it makes you angrier than ever."
"I have been on regular Ambien 10mg since 2007. I have major insomnia and have tried alternatives and even quit drinking caffeine and limit sugar to no avail. I talked to my doctor yesterday and decided to try the CR because I just couldn&#039;t stay asleep. After 3-4 hours I was wide awake. Well last night I had the most vivid dreams and still groggy this morning. It definitely helped me fall back asleep. (I pee a lot lol) I am glad I waited until the weekend to see how it would affect me. I took it at 8:30p and it&#039;s almost 9a and I feel slightly hungover. I&#039;m going to try it again tonight, but sleeping through the night might not be worth it. I can&#039;t believe some reviews say it&#039;s not affective because it immediately made me sleepy!"
"I was on mirena for 3 1/2 yrs, mirena was ok for me in the beginning, however I started realizing I gained a lot of weight I mean ALOT from 120 to 160lbs, I also had no sex drive at all I literally didn&#039;t want anything at all with my husband, to the point that it was more of a duty than a pleasant experience for me. I decided to switch birth controls, I overall didn&#039;t mind the iud&#039;s , I got the paraguard on 02-29-2016 , I noticed spotting for the first 3 days then I was ok. It stopped. One week no bleeding no cramping nothing I was feeling normal again. I started my period on March 14th and is already March 21st and I am still with my period. I think is normal due to me not having a period for 3 1/2 yrs . sex drive coming back so I&#039;m happy :-)"
"I&#039;ve only been on this for about a week and I have already gained 7 pounds! My acne started to clear up and then today all of a sudden my face broke out in several huge pimples. I&#039;m more tired than usual and get severe cramps on and off. I think I might be going back to the doctors soon and seeing what else I can take."
"Working much better than Lithium, for Bipolar Disorder. Lithium caused slurred speech and made me feel sluggish and foggy. Doing much better except for anxiety which is still the same."
"Was sick of being sick. Reglan worked fast. Wish I had it sooner."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 6 weeks and it has been making my acne much worse. I initially went on it for cystic acne that was on my face in a select few spots, but now I am having more cystic acne and spots all over my face. There is redness underneath my skin where there was never a problem and there is a lot of scarring. I am having the worst breakout of my life and am worried I will look hideous or have a full face of make up on my 21st birthday in a couple of weeks. I keep seeing people around my college with beautiful skin and it makes me feel even worse about myself. I actually just emailed my doctor to see if I can stop taking it because it is killing my self confidence and is making my issue much much worse."
"I would get a urinary tract infection when I had sex.  To control the situation my doctor prescribed SMZ-TMP DS.  I took one or 2 a day for years.  As long as I took the pills I was not bothered with a UTI.  Miss a day or 2, and UTI.  Worked wonderful. "
"10 years of being babyproof! A+"
"I was diagnosed 2 years ago with stage 4 pancreatic cancer.  I have had chemo and radiation and I am doing very well.  When first diagnosed I was on Creon I had no side effects but wanted something a little less expensive, so my Oncologist suggested I try Zenpep.  It works great, as long as I don&#039;t forget and skip a dose, when I skip a dose all my symptoms come roaring back, gas, pain, cramps and loose bowls."
"New to Contrave.  Past my first week, lost 2 lbs.  I did not change my eating habits but was very sleepy.  I can also say I love to drink wine (probably why the weight) and I tried it during week one and the next day had a headache so bad I thought my brain would explode.  Therefore guess what....I am not drinking wine.  It wasn&#039;t even hard to quit.  I am in week 2 and increased dosage.  Next warning high fatty foods.  I had a McDonalds cheeseburger and yes in fifteen minutes was in the bathroom wishing for death.  Again guess what no more fatty foods and again not hard to give up.  Its like you think about it but then go eh...nahhh not right now.  I think that makes you feel like you can have it later but you never actually do."
"Gained over 10lb in two months even though I had no weight gain on the usual pill. I was going to the gym most days and whenever I ate I could never feel full. As soon as I came off the implant I lost 4lb within a couple of weeks. It has been harder to lose the weight alone and I maintained the same weight for over three months before losing some more. It was impossible to stay on this implant without gaining weight."
"Had the shot once, no bleeding the first two months then the third month a four week long period. Didn&#039;t go back (due for another shot May third) and I&#039;ve pretty much been bleeding/spotting the whole time. April-September and still going strong."
"Wow...too bad that I didn&#039;t know anything about this awesome medicine when I lost my brother to pain killers and sleeping pills but I&#039;m sure that he&#039;s looking down on all of us and he can rest in peace because we all made a decision not to be visiting him any time soon thanks to a new hope of a beautiful life I once had. I felt my brothers pain, it was not easy. We were all feeling his pain but now finally we are free. "
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave for four weeks now and I&#039;m really starting to see the weight loss. I too experienced the nausea, but it was only after the dosage was upped and only for a day or so. Not only does it make me not snack, but I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m starting to get less interested in food in general (yes, I&#039;m still eating plenty). One thing for sure, you do still have to stay on a diet while on Contrave."
"I had some very tight, non-spasming, muscles in my back.  Acute myo-fasciatis or something like that.  For some reason, my doctor prescribed Flexeril, Vicodin 5/500 and 800 mg Ibuprofen.  I didn&#039;t like the idea of taking Ibuprofen with acetaminophen, so I just used the Flexeril and Vicodin.  It worked very well, but I couldn&#039;t do anything but turn into a pile on the couch when taking both."
"I used this pill during my teens and it caused irritability and heavy mood swings. Perhaps it was just teen angst but I tried microgynon recently, which uses the same hormones just different levels, and experienced similar mood swings and depression."
"I&#039;ve been on Seasonique for 3 weeks now. I switched because the 4 period a year thing got me interested. I&#039;ve notice weight gain (I&#039;ve been eating the same), more acne (I drink lots of water) and I&#039;ve been way more emotional since I have been in a long time. I&#039;ll be calling this week to switch back to my old pill!"
"I have used the 1 day cream as well as this ovule once before. The cream I always used at night a pad to catch any unwanted messes. It was just a mess but instant relief. The first time I used the ovule it came out during a bathroom break with no relief and I needed another trip to the store to get the cream. This time I tried the ovule once again planning use it before bed. Well, when I was finally about to fall asleep I started to get he worst bribing sensation I have ever gotten and now I am trying to just get this out of me. Never again."
"Oxycontin, gave me my life back. I have taken literally every pain medicine combination known to man. This medicine is the one that has given me my ability to walk again without pain. My case was a very bad coal mining accident back in 2006. I have had five knee and leg surgeries, both shoulders reconstructed and my hips operated on three times. So I lived a very miserable life until I was put on this medicine by my family doctor. All the doctors at the pain clinic I was going to had me on medicines like Opana or Fentanyl and lots more."
"I had been on Remicade for many years with no side effects at all, perhaps a little tired every once in a while, but nothing serious.  My doctor and I questioned whether I had rheumatoid arthritis. Then all of a sudden the Remicade stopped working and bam I had 2 flares that were unbelievable before doc could get anything to work for me.  I was heart broken because it was such a good medicine for me."
"I have tried taking Victoza 3 times now and I get so sick (headache, nausea and vomiting) that I have to stop after 2 days each time.  I have taken a lots of different meds in my  51 year&#039;s but nothing has ever made me that sick. I was hoping to lose about 35 lbs, but I can&#039;t stand being that sick."
"I took these after I had my son in March 2016 I was losing so much hair I was going bald. These made my hair grow so fast and they tasted so good. I took them for about two months with no problems at all. My hair grew my nails were stronger a 10/10 so I decided to buy these again now September 2017 and the taste is awful. And when I take them I get nauseous right away and my head feels like it&rsquo;s about to explode my stomach feels full of water or bloated it&rsquo;s weird sensation. It really sucks because I was really looking forward to taking these again."
"I want to thank Commit. It was the only thing that helped me to quit smoking. I have been 2 years smoke free. So thank you for helping me."
"I have tried other pills to loose weight but nothing worked.  I was only on this for 1 month,  and using with a carb cycling diet with some exercise I lost 11 pounds. I feel as high as the clouds!  I feel great.  The only thing I can say is I had dry mouth and blurry vision for about 2 weeks but wanted to continue this as it was the only medication that made me not feel like eating everything in the house!"
"I&#039;m 19 and have been on this birth control since I was 16. I love it so much I&#039;ve never noticed any bad side effects. I have gained weight but that&#039;s probably because I&#039;ve gotten older. I recently just switched to the nuvaring because I am horrible at remembering to take the pill and am more sexually active now."
"Let me start about the insertion of the IUD. It&#039;s not just a small pinch especially if your cervical is small like mine it will hurt and after the pain is terrible bad cramping . After during my six week follow up I was scared to use a tampon because I was scared it was going to touch the string . How ever sex my sex drive decreased. Before I would be crazy now I&#039;m just okay but scared to be rough because I&#039;m still afraid he was going to touch it . And a lot of out the blew spotting and period . The cramping pain level is 8-10 depending on you . But it&#039;s go away come back five minutes later worse than before. I do not recommend you to get it terrible . I would rather have weight gain vs periods and weeks of spotting terrible cramps ."
"This medication is awful. It rolls up every time you put it in your cheek. It literally takes hours to dissolve. One 4.2mg bunavail doesn&#039;t even come close to the equivalent of one 8mg suboxone. It&#039;s a shame that these shady pharmaceutical companies can use money to push inferior medicine through the fda and get it to addicts who can&#039;t even figure out how to take the stuff let alone use it as a replacement therapy to stay clean."
"I lost my fingernails suddenly about a year ago. I spent over half a year trying at home  remedies but nothing worked. I&#039;ve been taking this medication for about 5 months now and I will tell you this - It doesn&#039;t work fast but if you stick with it the nausea and side effects will eventually die down and you will eventually start growing new nail. My two worst nails (my thumbs) are still oddly shaped, but when I look back at the photo I took the first day I realized that the nails were separating from my bail bed, I can see that I&#039;ve gained back quite a bit after about 5 months. I&#039;m not sure I will ever have my beautiful nails back, but this medication has given me hope that some day (maybe years from now) I will be back to normal."
"I have been on Adipex for one week, to lose the last 30 lbs. (I have lost 80 on my own-but plateaued forever!). In the past week I have lost 10 lbs. I am so excited to be closer to my goal. 

I never feel my heart racing or shaky and I am one of the rare people that it helps relax. I have adult ADD. The first few days on the medicines I took a nap - that never happens."
"Bad bad side effects from Wellbutrin xl , major palpitations, dry dry mouth, crying, couldn&#039;t sit still, and panic . After taking for 2 weeks. Nausea is debilitating . Worse medication I have ever had , back on Paxil cr"
"I cannot recommend this medication. Yes it did prevent migraines but the side-effects far outweighed the benefit. My doctor put me on a gradual increase in dosage and I was unable to get past the first week.
After a couple of days I lost control of my own thoughts and focused on every negative I my mind could come up with.
My work was impacted. I work in an accounting office and lost my ability to count and remember the alphabet. Not to mention I would stop talking in mid-sentence quite often. I knew what I needed to say but my mouth just wouldn&#039;t do it. My short term memory was non-existent and I decided to stop taking this medication after I forgot where I was driving to on my way to work; the same place I&#039;ve been to for the last 9 years."
"Works within 20 mins and lasts about 3 hours."
"I have a very bad migraine since one year .. And i went through many medication and tried heaps of tablets but non of then work .. And then finally my GP PRESCRIBED me with MAXALT and guess what! As soon as i put it in my tounge i felt the sense of releif and after half n hour my pain is totally gone ...WHAT A GREAT FEELINGS .. Just amazing .."
"Seems to be working a lot better than other muscle relaxers I&#039;ve been prescribed. My doctor prescribed 500 mg tablets and to take 1-2 tablets every 8 hours as needed (PRN). I usually have to take 2 tablets in the morning, 1-2 late afternoon, and ALWAYS take 2 at bedtime or I&#039;ll be up all night in pain and constant spasms in my lower back into my buttocks. I also take a long acting narcotic and an instant release narcotic. I never experienced this type of pain until I delivered my son 4 years ago. I did receive an epidural which is the only thing I can think of that may have caused all this pain and spasms."
"If it wasnt for tramadol I don&#039;t know what I would do....It saved my life point blank"
"I have moderate to severe knee pain; awaiting  knee replacement surgery. I tried lortab 10 mgs but developed allergic reaction (itching). Md prescribed panlor ss. I never got the chance to see if it really worked because I also had a reaction to it. The only thing I can figure out is that I have developed an allergy to codeine after all these years at age 52. That is the only common ingredient that I can think of"
"I have been on this for over 18 months. 

I went from stress starving myself I was so anxious and so much more to my old weight and a healthy outlook about myself and others. My dosage varied between 10mg up to 40mg during a rough stretch. 

The only thing I will say is that even though it is a far-flung side effect for some, the decreased libido was the only downside for me. Mine was never hyper but it had a dull edge on it. At a lower dosage there is no loss of it but be mindful."
"The medicine worked right off the bat, after 30 minutes or so, could breathe much better, and as a smoker, helped my wheezing go away, and not as tired with more energy. NOW the BAD part. I have had a heart attack and have 3 stents. For 3 years, my bp has been perfect at 110/65 with a pulse of 58 to 65 even drinking caffiene and smoking. Since starting this, BP has increased a little, but pulse no matter what stays above 110 24/7, SO, can&#039;t take it for that reason only..."
"Sick since Thanksgiving (now Dec. 16) and finally went to immediate care clinic. Put off going to a doctor because never thought there was anything that could be done for a cough as persistent as this: wrong. Be sure to share all your medications, prescribed and natural (like sambuscus). This is helping my unproductive cough be productive, when I do cough. It does lessen its frequency. It also prevents it from turning into something worse if I had nothing and just kept coughing. Plus, coughing spreads the germs, so by lessening it you stop spreading it to others. I had no nightmares and had normal just great sleep. I do not write on these sites ever, but thought this ah-ha might help."
"I have been on this stuff for 40mg/day 4 months now and I haven&#039;t noticed any significant decrease in BP. I have to say I&#039;m ready to get off of it. I&#039;ve already gained 90 lbs, my sex drive is non-existent, I break out in hives from head-to-toe several times a week, I have constant diarrhea interspersed with prolonged bouts of constipation. I&#039;ve noticed in the mirror that my one eye seems to be bigger than the other. My hair has been falling out in clumps, I have constant back and abdominal pain. I used to be 6&#039;2&quot; tall but now suddenly I&#039;ve shrunk to 6&#039;0&quot;. I&#039;ve developed female breasts and facial acne as if I&#039;m still 13 years old. I&#039;m going to my doctor next week to have him put me on something else..."
"I had exactly the same experience with humira as JayAll did on April 8th 2015.Two weeks in hospital with pneumonia that spread fast,drained lung fluid,scarred lung and now copd.I had no lung problems in the past.Still on methotrexate and now on otezla flares and pain still here, but doc wants me to try it for four months"
"Used efudex for 3 weeks per derm&#039;s direction. Derm said efudex was the &quot;gold standard&quot; and would leave normal skin untouched. I have very fair thin skin and was left with a second degree burn, permanently reddened wherever cream was applied and acquired rosacea from the new network of blood vessels."
"I&#039;ve been feeling good while on Jardiance (Diab type 2). I take 12.5 mg each night. Same as a lot of folk here, I pee much more &amp; am thirsty more often .Dropped the weight pretty much straight away with very little effort. I was taking Diabex before this. I&#039;ve got to have a glucose test in the next week so we&#039;ll see how it all goes. My son&#039;s a nursing student &amp;t his is what he said about it: 
&#039;My understanding of it is that the glomerulus which is the filtration site in the nephron (which is the functional unit of the kidney) is only designed to filter smaller particles. Glucose however is really big and shouldn&#039;t be filtered into the nephron
That&#039;s what I was lead to believe. Not sure if that&#039;s true or not.&#039; 
I&#039;ll hit my Dr up with this."
"I have severe migraines and Percogesic over the counter helps like no prescription medicine.  I first tried this from a sample at a chemist in 1973.  I have kept it in my cabinet since. Now I cannot find it.  My bottle is out of date and am so worried. "
"I took the Prepopik for my first colonoscopy (I&#039;m 25) and I found it to be very effective. The orange flavor was very tolerable. I had no bad cramps or terrible side effects with it, but I had taken magnesium citrate the night before and that had already cleaned me out somewhat. My only issue was I ended up so dehydrated that I showed up to my colonoscopy with a fever. Try to drink as much fluid as you can with this prep! I drank plenty, but there was more liquid coming out of me than going in. Overall, I would recommend the Prepopik. On a side note, my insurance didn&#039;t cover it, but the office I go to had it available. I recommend asking your office if they have it available if insurance won&#039;t cover it at the pharmacy."
"My  prescription was for 24 MCG twice a day. I never tried it two times in one day BC out is so unpredictable. After a few hours (or more), it gives me severe diarrhea lasting at least an hour. So I normally take it late at night so it works by the morning."
"Does the job I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, but in the 3 months I have been taking it I have been experiencing breakout bleeding, headaches almost every morning, nausea, weight gain, and feeling overly emotional.  I&#039;m going to find a new birth control."
"I was on this drug many years ago, and the side effects were terrible, couldn&#039;t drive, felt like a zombie, and slept most of the time. So was very reluctant to go back on it. I did give pregabalin a whirl and so far so good, I am supposed to be on 75mg 3 times a day, although due to my past experience will only take them at night so one 75mg, I am so surprised not any side effects like last time, although a weird sensation on my right cheek like a cool breeze feeling all the time, feels bizarre!"
"It took me four years to discover that Botox injections from a neurologist was the answer to my chronic neck pain which was a result of a car accident, and subsequent failed neck surgery.
No doctors that I had visited ever suggested botox shots.  All other solutions presented by my doctors did not work. That includes physical therapy, steroid shots, and a lot of different pain medications. I have found that I  need to go for a botox shot about every 3 months for pain.
The only problem is when I moved to another state, I found that there is a lack of trained doctors who do botox shots for neck pain. I now have to wait 6 months for an appointment."
"I have struggled with severe anxiety and major depression for 30 years. I have been on MANY different anxiety meds and anti depressants. The only 2 meds that helped slightly were  Paxil and Ativan for panic/anxiety. I was diagnosed with Bipolar about 5 years ago and once again tried other meds. I heard about Lamictal helping other people, so my doctor said we could try it. It has been a LIFESAVER!! I still take Paxil and Ativan, but after the first few days of taking Lamictal, it helped tremendously with my mood swings. But most important, it improved my anxiety by at least 75% if not more. It has been a Godsend for me. I take 100mg a day. Thanks."
"Hi, I have just finished my 12 weeks Harvoni treatment. I know that FDA reports not sufficient data on pregnancy in post Harvoni treatment time, but I am wondering if any of you have finished the treatment and got pregnant and had baby yet? Is there any way to check any potential post harvoni preganancy related risks? I would highly appreciate any help in this matter. I wad tested for HCV in Jan 2016, while trying to get pregnant and now would like to get back to this plan but am worried about potenial harm the drug can mean for the baby..."
"I found out I was bipolar about a month ago. The first pill my PCP gave me was Abilify. Starting on 2mg for the first 2 weeks. I didn&#039;t notice anything until maybe the third day. However the rest of that week and the following I have been on a roller coaster. I just started taking 5mg of Abilify and I notice the next day. I had the feeling of being normal again. Only side effect I&#039;ve notice was when I was depressed I was depressed. Since upping the dose I feel way better."
"After taking many medications that were supposed to help with my anxiety, my doctor finally prescribed me Klonopin.  It works great, after only a few minutes I feel entirely better and it doesn&#039;t knock me out like the other medications did.  I can still function normally.  "
"I have been taking klonopin for several years.  I find it helps more than the short-term benzos like Xanax and Valium.  For one with BPD, Bipolar, and Anxiety Attacks, this pill is a godsend.  I usually do not advocate pharmaceuticals, but I have never had my anxiety quelled like klonopin does.  It is highly effective for any type of anxiety, and stops panic in its tracks after 15-20 mins of administering. This is the only pill that i&#039;m on that I advocate.  The only warning I have is that it has high potential for dependence, and the body gets used to having it constantly.  Sometimes it requires upping the dosage.  PLEASE start on 0.5 mg.  If your dr starts you on 1mg, it will bring on extreme fatigue, and decreased motor function."
"Just started it a few days ago . I am experiencing slight difficulty in getting enough air when at rest. This began 2 days ago while still hospitalized after the insertion of a stent the DES type.."
"Im 18, and I&#039;ve never been on medications before... i have performance- and social anxiety. So when i went to my doctors and asked for something to help me survive my everyday life, he recommended Atarax. But i have been taking them for 2 weeks now with no effect what so ever... granted, they are only 10 mg and small as a breadcrumb, but i was at least expecting some effect from it. The only thing i felt was nausea and dizziness.... must say im quite disappointed "
"After few years of carrying virus finally was diagnosed.

On 2015 October 9 my CD4 was 168 and VL was 61.800. After two weeks treatment on Triumeq viral load went down to 849 and CD4 increased to 270. 
Side effects are: 
1) Sometimes hard fall to sleep. Need to be really tired or in very good mood before sleep.
2) Feeling strange feeling in my pancreas area. Uncomfortable feeling.
3) Headaches and dizziness. 
4) Skin itchy. 

Having sometimes problems with red eyes especially if you do not sleep well 2 or 3 days (traveling around the world).

Waiting to do another test after 1.5 month treatment to see results."
"Opana ER was the absolute best pain medication for long term use that I have ever used.  I was on the medication for approximately 21/2 to 3 years until I developed a severe itching problem (head to soles of feet) from its use.  If that had not happened I would still be using it and be virtually pain free 24/7."
"Depression and Anxiety both run in my family and my doctor was not surprised to find out at 12 that I had inherited both. We tried everything but when I was 16 they started me on Celexa 20 and moved me up to 40mg.  I ended up going from all F&#039;s in school to honor roll, going to college and getting engaged.  At that time (age 22) I decided I was ready to come off of it. I dealt with things okay for a while, but when we decided to have a child, it hit, and it hit hard. Less than a week after my daughter was born I wanted nothing to do with her and considered giving her up for adoption. After that my fiance had me put back on Celexa, and my two month old daughter is the light of my life.  What was I thinking? Celexa saved my family."
"Have been on Geodon for a little over 2 months &amp; I LOVE IT! It is definitely a life saver! It helps with my depression and mood swings. I take 40mg at night it helps me sleep &amp; feel refreshed in the morning. I even started back college for Nursing. Helps me make good choices and makes me a lot more positive and energetic! I started off at 120mg at night but left me groggy &amp; drowsy the next day until it was time for me to take it again at night so I dropped down to 40mg &amp; it works wonders! I agree that every medicine isn&#039;t for everybody but definitely give it a try."
"I have been using this medicine for years and has worked extremely well"
"This was prescribed by my son&#039;s pediatrician for diaper rash. Let me tell you, there is nothing that soothed or cleared it faster. Took less then 24 and his rash was gone. Also used on burns...Amazing!"
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for about 9 months now. I really recommend this oral contraceptive. Not only is it incredibly cheap, but it sort of helps me communicate with my body. Weird I know. I use to have irregular periods, now I have regular periods every month and I can tell by my body exactly when my period will come on. Periods are fair, the normal slight cramps, nothing extreme, the usual, then I&#039;m back to to normal. My breast get larger before and during my period, again they go back to normal afterwards. No major mood swings or thoughts of suicide, no weight gain...actually this pill helps suppress my appetite, so I don&#039;t eat as much. Everyone&#039;s body is different, but I like this pill."
"This is my 1st shot but I noticed a marked improvement. From 20 attacks a day down to 6. Was scared to try this medicine because I&#039;m allergic to a lot of medicines, food, etc. After the shot I experienced itching at injection site, sleepiness that lasted for 4 hrs. After that I felt energetic and a lessening in all over body pain. That night I slept through without any asthma attack, it appears to also be suppressing my Lupus. It is so great not to constantly have pain and an inhaler in my mouth and be able to walk more than 3 ft and stop for breath. Can&#039;t wait for my 2nd shot, I almost feel back to normal. Thank you for creating this medicine just wish it was cheaper."
"This medicine works very well for me.  I highly recommend it, as it dramatically reduces the amount of acid in my stomach after a gastric ulcer bleed, which after being repaired, I do NOT want to experience that pain again."
"I have taken just about everything on the market, with 1 week of starting Viibryd, my life was completely changed.  The best 30 days of my life, then I went from the sample pack to the prescription and it has been down hill for almost 60 days.  I have put on almost 15 lbs, the worst night terrors of my life, my sex drive in the 1st 30 days was through the roof, now nothing.  I cannot sleep, my anxiety was back and I became suicidal.  I have been off of Viibryd for 6 days, the withdrawals are rough and this is even after the step down process.  I was hoping that this would continue to be the best medication ever, but not for me.  "
"I had an umbilical hernia and severe constipation where I felt my bowels grind to a halt. At first, my family doctor and gastroenterologist recommended miralax but I had to increase the dosage to 14 tablespoons a day to deal with the pain. Linzess does not cause diarrhea for me because I take it as soon as I get up and do not eat until lunch. Bowel movements are normal and the pain is gone. The pain used to feel like my intestines were being torn apart. I thank God every day for Linzess."
"I have very severe Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Well after my move my panic attacks spiraled out of control to the point where I was barely sleeping at all. The doctor gave me this, and I slept like a baby, no attacks, no nausea. It&#039;s great."
"This medicine is amazing!  I was on Viibryd for 2 years and still suffered, but now I feel &quot;normal&quot; and am interested in life once again.  I do have nausea and have trouble falling asleep, but those are tolerable; depression is difficult to tolerate."
"Positive: I had this for about 2 years now. I&#039;m not pregnant! My periods are lighter. I don&#039;t have to remember to take pills everyday, sometimes I forget it&#039;s in my arm. Did not hurt when it was first inserted and it took like 5 mins. Left a minor bruise but went away in no time.
Negative: Although my periods are lighter they are also longer and I hate it. Last about 2 weeks, sometimes over. Hair got thinner since I&#039;ve had this and it is beyond difficult to lose weight. I&#039;m was one of the slum girls who could eat whatever and never gain weight. I&#039;ve gained 24 pounds since I&#039;ve been on this and I have been dieting and exercising for the past 3 months trying to be summer ready. So far I only lost 5 pounds "
"Had sex Jan 27, condom slipped and I used spermicide, regardless I panicked and took
Pill 10hrs later. I had no symptoms of anything, no cramps or mood changes.  A week later I bled for 3 days nothing remarkable: so did my period came early; I didn&#039;t know if this was good or bad, as I had implantation bleeding with my first child. Anyway; I chalk it up to a successful EC as I started another period 36 days later (normally spot on 28 days) I took several test and worried the entire time. We have since thought of vasectomy and I am not having sex anytime soon 
(Came to find CVS had a 2 pack for the same price as one at Walgreens plan b)"
"I have a bulging disc (C4) which traps a nerve leading to severe pain in my right shoulder (at worst) and a near constant tingling and semi-numbness in my left lower arm and hand (at best). I&#039;ve taken Gabapentin before and had been reluctant to try them again because of the drowsiness, fatigue and general weirdness I felt the last time, but the pain got the better of me and so I capitulated. I take 1200mg 3 times a day and so far the sharp shoulder pain has gone, however the tingling has not. Apart from having great difficulty coming to full wakefulness on a morning, I feel completely hyperactive and a little manic- not a bad thing as I&#039;m getting a lot done!"
"I am 24 and have been on the pill for 3 weeks. I have experience heavy breakthrough bleeding during week 3 with painful cramping as well. My skin has broken out substantially and have an increased need to sleep. Mood swings are minimal but are nonetheless still there. I hope this is just my body adjusting as it is my first time on the pill."
"This pill put me in pretty deep depression.  I was extremely emotional and cried about everything all the time.  I didn&#039;t gain weight, but it didn&#039;t really help with acne and it caused me to get my period about 2 times a month.  I had to stop taking it because I was so sad all the time and couldn&#039;t stand it."
"After trying several muscle relaxants, w very little success, I read a monograph from NSTA noting success in a limited study. Tried it 10mg 3x/day and it is equal to off-label benzodiazipines. NOTE: It does NOT improve pain from any underlying damage, only that directly related to the spasms!! It also improved my sleep by lessening nighttime stiffness (I also take 500mg magnesium at bedtime)
Side effects are tolerable however- Do not take with narcotics or alcohol "
"This medication has been what I consider a life saver for me.
I was very conflicted about taking it in the beginning after reading the possible side effects.
After a bit more research on my part I gave it a try. I have been on this medication for9 weeks exactly. My starting weight was 205.6 lbs today I weighed in at 177.0
Only side effect for me is the constipation about once a week or so. I take something for that and I&#039;m fine
Feel great, sleep better than ever. I feel more upbeat, and energized without being jittery. I&#039;m glad I decided to try this medication. 
It has been a positive experience for me, 
I gave myself a year to loose the weight I need to loose , but I&#039;m halfway there and it&#039;s only been about 9 1/2 weeks!!"
"This medication was given to me for complete knee replacementpain.  It gave me no relief from the pain, so little relief I can&#039;t even say, my therapy session would put me through the roof whether I took this med 15 mins. before or 1 hour before .  It&#039;s been a horrendous experience and I will never go thru this again, even though I need a 2nd one done. I had in home therapy and the pain was horrendous all the time, these are more like sugar pills and the drs. won&#039;t give stronger because they think you&#039;ll get addicted."
"I got influenza-type A about 7 weeks ago. I started wheezing a few days into it, went to hospital &amp; they did typical asthma protical and nothing worked. I had never had an asthma flare up before getting the flu, tho I was considered to have &quot;mild&quot; asthma. I was admitted to hospital. They could not stop my wheezing. I got in to see a pulminologist who said flu damaged my lung tissue. I was unable to do inhalers because of the severity of my condition. She put me on nebulized perforomist as well as nebulized pulmicort every 12 hrs. This is basically the nebulized version of Symbicort. Within just over 24 hrs my lungs were calm and quiet - it was great. I was also on 60mg pred that I was able to taper down once on this combination."
"I&#039;ve taken macrobid for 15 years for recurrent UTIs.  I get UTIs about 4-6 times a year (ugh) so I&#039;ve taken it a ton of times. Macrobid gets rid of my infections every single time without fail.  The only side effect I have ever noticed, which is pretty annoying, is nausea for about 2 hours after taking each pill.  Once in a blue moon I puke, but not usually.  Eating and drinking with the pill lessens the nausea but doesn&#039;t totally prevent it.

So, it does its job really well and eliminates my infections, but I do cringe when I have to take it because it sucks to endure the nausea."
"For anyone taking this or planning on taking this, DO NOT DISCONTINUE WITHOUT WEANING OFF!  

That said, besides brain zap, yawning and anorgasmia over the first 3 months of treatment (18 months and counting ), Cymbalta has been a great treatment for my anxiety / depression issues. I have only experienced these side effects when changing dose or missing a dose (30mg a day, last 15 months, 60mg a day for first 3). At one point I wanted to come off it, GP guided me through a 12 week taper off course, but my 2-5 drinks a month were causing the problems I had associated with the medicine. I no longer drink, and it&#039;s all so cruisy.

I take mine 1-2 hours before &#039;bed time&#039;. Works for me because I tend to sleep deeper and wake with lots of energy."
"I developed TGN in 1997.  This is not the typical TGN since it was caused by a stress ulcer about 3/4&quot; from the left side of my mouth over the junction of three facial nerves.  About a year after the ulcer healed, the facial pain abruptly developed big time.  I was first prescribed Tegretol, but made me feel like a dope.  Trileptal was  then prescribed and I have cut it down to only 75 mg at night.  Occasionally take 150 mg Trileptol 1 X when my facial pain really tunes up.  Also rub in a little dab of Metrocream topically over that painful area that numbs my face just enough to minimize any pain.  "
"Both my husband and I are on Viibryd.  We share side effects such as gritting our teeth and having to take the medicine at the same time every day.  If he takes his even just an hour late he feels like he gets an instant high for 1-3 seconds &amp; then its gone.  He has nightmares, where he see&#039;s things &amp; he screams in his dreams but not truly out loud. In the first month we both experienced our limbs jerking as we tried to fall asleep. Now he hears a loud buzzing noise &amp; then a loud bang &amp; he wakes up with his heart racing. As I fall asleep hear a loud bang as if a gun is going off right in my ear and a horrible electric shock to my brain &amp; wake with my heart racing.  We are seriously thinking of titrating off the medicine."
"DO NOT TAKE!!! I was only on this pill (only birth control I&#039;ve ever taken) and it was awful...a period every two weeks, awful cramps and mood swings, weight gain, and to top it all off A BLOOD CLOT IN MY LUNG! I don&#039;t smoke and am not over 35 (supposedly the only things that would trigger a serious reaction) so this is all the pill. I&#039;ve been off of it for months and am still having issues. I have to be on a blood thinner indefinitely and live with the constant fear of a clot reaching my heart. Please DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL."
"My Doctor put me on this Voltaren gel and now I can get a goodnights sleep , because it works so good, and I have to rate this medicine in the high 10s. All you have to do is put between 4 up to 9 gram 4 times a day and you will see just what I&#039;m talking about."
"I started taking this last year to help with my periods. I was having severe cramps and long, heavy periods. After the first 2 months or so, my periods are lighter and shorter, and I rarely have cramps. My only complaint is when I haven&#039;t eaten recently and then take the pill I usually end up barfing in the middle of the night. Other than that, I really like this pill."
"I have taken oral contraceptives for years with no problems but decided to try nexplanon because I was living abroad without access to a pharmacy. I had almost constant bleeding but was told that sometimes that happens at the beginning and to try to tough it out and see if it would work out for me. When I finally got it removed after 8 months I had gained 25 pounds despite no changes to my eating or exercising habits. I really regret getting nexplanon and am back on the pill. My periods are slowly returning to normal and I&#039;ve lost 20 pounds since it&#039;s removal 4 months ago."
"Neupro has been a lifesaver, in combination with Mirapex. I just couldn&#039;t get the restless legs syndrome under control with medication, but Neupro immediately took care of all trace of restless legs syndrome.  I am a 60 year old female who has suffered since my teen years."
"I have severe allergies and believe that Chlor-Trimeton has saved my life several times.  I have had 10-12 life-threatening anaphylactic attacks over the last 20  years.  My attacks usually build slowly, starting with hives, then vomiting and diarrhea, then swelling of my tongue, throat and inner ears.  I have found through trial and error that if I can take a 12-hour Chlor-Trimeton in the first 2-4 minutes after the reaction starts, I can stop the reaction all together, or at least get to the hospital without having to use my Epi-pen.  I LOVE this medicine for hayfever symptoms as well.  Unfortunately, it is getting harder and harder to find the 12 hour tablets."
"I bled for 7 weeks out of 2.5 months on Previfem. I also gained 7 pounds. I&#039;d lose half of it during the placebo week, but it came back when I started the active pills again. 

I threw out my 3rd pack halfway through the active pills. It&#039;s been 4 days, and I&#039;m 0.3 pounds short of my old, happy weight. Granted, it was probably just water weight, but my self esteem really is affected by my weight."
"I found that Xanax is the only thing that can calm my panic disorder. I take 4mg a day and I have not had an attack in about 3 months."
"The depo shot works very well in terms of pregnancy prevention but the side affects are awful. I first got the shot in November of 2014 and about two weeks after, I started bleeding and have yet to stop eight months later with the exception of a random two weeks. I also get severe cramps and mood swings and not to mention I&#039;ve spent way too much money on tampons. My doctor said to give it a few months to let my body adjust but it&#039;s been a long time and I&#039;m highly considering changing to a different form of birth control."
"I&#039;m 16, I had Nexplanon inserted on November 6th 2015. Since then, I&#039;ve been spotting every single day with only one week without spotting. I went back to my doctor on Dec 24th and she prescribed me the mini pill to help with the spotting. It did the opposite and only made me bleed more and made me very tired. I&#039;m stopping the mini pill and giving Nexplanon one more month before I get it removed.
Other than the constant spotting, its effective in preventing pregnancy, stops period pain, and has a quick and non painful insertion."
"(UK) My 13yr old daughter (petite and very light) started getting monthly migraines 6 months ago. I also had them as a teenager and didn&#039;t want her to suffer. Went to the doctor and got these on prescription. There was a major warning on the screen &quot;not for under 18&#039;s&quot; so I was a little worried, but doctor gave her the dose for a younger child. Yesterday she got her usual blind spot at 7.20am. Took the tablet immediately, and by 8.50 she sat up in bed, no headache, no vomiting, migraine disappeared. She felt a bit dopey and looked a bit pale for a few hours and didn&#039;t eat much. From 12 until 9pm she performed in her music fair and concert. Unbelievable!!"
"I have been on Yasmin for 10 years, yes 10 and I am finally getting the guts to change contraception. 
My periods themselves are a complete breeze, light enough, minimal cramping, but the gap between the last pill in my pack and my period actually coming is horrendous. As a teen and in my early 20s it made me really down but just for a day, one day felt like the trade-off for not getting pregnant and I accepted it, now it&#039;s crippling migraines that effect my ability to function. Along with no sex drive. Fear of pregnancy, bad doctors and lack of education kept me suffering for years. Know your body and stand your ground. It might work for some but know when it&#039;s not working for you!"
"Took a half of a pill for three days and felt like someone beat the life out of me. I could not sit, stand, breathe, talk, eat without my body in ridiculous pain. All there was left to do was sleep."
"I&#039;ve written a review 2 months ago and things have changed a little. I&#039;m 18 years old and I&#039;ve been on this BC for almost 4 months. The first and second month and a half, I was experiencing bloating, nausea and pelvic cramps. I also felt a little depressed and down. I spotted in the third week of the pack and got my period on the placebo week. In my third pack, I spotted and only had my period for about 3 days when I normally have it for 5. I also had a yeast infection and a UTI 2 weeks later. Now, I&#039;m on my third week of my fourth pack and I&#039;ve been experiencing pelvic cramps for a week. I haven&#039;t spotted yet . My nipples started to feel sore too which was strange because it never happened since I started takin the birth control."
"While I&#039;m sure this pill prevents pregnancy, I stopped taking it two days ago because a week into my first pack I started bleeding heavily. Was almost done with the 2nd week and it has yet to stop. I also developed what seems like a yeast infection but worse! I can usually treat a yeast infection in a couple days with garlic clove and plain yogurt no problem but I&#039;m still in hell thanks to Tarina Fe."
"My experience with Latuda was not good. At 20 mg for about a month I decided it wasn&#039;t working well but my psych asked me to try upping the dose. After a couple weeks I found that it gave me akathasia, which was far worse than my bipolar. It also increased my appetite.  I am taking 20 mg Lexapro as well, which is fairly effective for me."
"second bout with shingles--this time treated with zovirax--relief within a few days"
"I have had psoriasis since I was six years old (I am 22 now). My worst area has always been my scalp and elbows, with it extending to my torso, back, and legs. Recently I have been under stress and I&#039;m overweight so my psoriasis is the worse it has ever been. My dermatologist decided on otezla. They warn you about the most common side effects: nausea and diarrhea. I experienced these symptoms within two days of starting the medication. I will say right away it started working, clearing my scalp first (which is the first area it tends to start working on). Now I am somebody who struggles with having diarrhea and can&#039;t deal with it emotionally. I had to stop the drug after only three weeks, which sucked because it was working amazing for me."
"This works great for my daughter who would daydream and often get &quot;stuck&quot; in negative thought patterns like &quot;I can&#039;t do it.&quot;"
"I was given Strattera to treat my ADD. I began taking it with a free packet that ranged from 20mg to 80mg. At about 40 mg I began to notice that I was able to concentrate better in school. When I got to 80mg I began to not daydream anymore and people found it easier to talk to me because I wouldn&#039;t be constantly jumping from subject to subject. My anxiety and sleep problem was also solved. However, after forgetting to take it one day, I got a massive headache, equal to a migraine. Besides that, I have had no other issues and it has made life much calmer and it has made my grades improve alot."
"I just started back on Topamax after being off the medication for 4 years. I suffer from cluster headaches, when a cluster starts the debilitating headaches come everyday. The last time I took Topamax it stopped the cluster within a week. I continued working up to the full dose and the side effects gradually decreased (confusion, hard to concentrate, difficulty with finding the words to express my thoughts). I found that a lower dose kept the headaches away so I dropped down for a few months then came off the drug completely. Last week a new cluster started so I am back on the Topamax and have had a couple of headache free days already. This medication works well for me at a lower dose and limits the side effects."
"As a police officer, I suffer from high amounts of stress.  Over the years it gave me anxiety.  Started with Lexapro, but it made me a zombie.  Cymbalta gave me suicidal thoughts.  Celexa worked great for 4 years.  It leveled me out and I became a much better father, husband and police officer.  After 4 years, it stopped working very quickly.  I have switched to Wellbutrin and hope it works as well as Celexa did."
"I have been on Remeron for about 2 months. It has helped a little with my depression, which is good but I am getting too many side effects. After reading all the comments I will be calling my doctor in the morning. I used to get a good nights sleep but since on Remeron I don&#039;t sleep. I am gaining weight and also having a lot of hot flashes. I don&#039;t know if it is related to this medication but since on Remeron my restless leg syndrome is back. "
"I have been using for 8 months.   All 10 nails were affected;  one of 10 nails is now fungus free. It is obvious that the amount of fungus beneath each nail varies.  I was told  it can take up to 48 months (4 years) this is encouraging. The curled great toenails no longer give me pain, as they are not as thick and  color returning to normal about 1/2 on one and 1/3 on another. Still thinkness in the nails, but it is lessening. I am glad to have found this product. Of course, I hope it won&#039;t take the four years, but if it is a success, it won&#039;t matter. NOTE: any of your shoes would have the fungus in them. If you continue to wear the same shoes, you are reinfecting yourself. I discarded mine, with the exception of the open toe sandals."
"I was put on Leostrin 24 FE to help regulate my period but to also control the bleeding. I was put on this a year ago, and it worked great, then 7 months ago, I would and would not get my period. I talked to my doctor about the problem she said it was normal. I recently started getting my period twice a month."
"I was given Talwin after having oral surgery.It worked very well."
"I&#039;ve been taking Entocort for almost 3 months now.  My symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease are almost non existent.  However since taking this medicine (almost from the beginning) I now have psoriasis all over my body, including pustular psoriasis on my hands and feet, which is very painful.  I believe this medicine is causing the psoriasis, I&#039;ve never had this condition before."
"Take 12mg Exalgo after being on Methodone, Tramadol, and Fentanyl. It is a miracle drug! The pain is so reduced I hardly ever need my breakthrough painkillers. Side effects have been negligible for me. I will never come off of this medication willingly, because I don&#039;t believe a better treatment for currently exists."
"I have had YI&#039;s in the past but I have never tried this medicine before. Like everyone else, the second after I put the cream in I was in unbearable pain and I cried for an hour. I also had to put an ice pack on my crotch as well. I thought maybe this was just the YI acting up so I tried it again for the second night. Still the same pain!! I sat in the shower until I could get most of it out. I have tried other medicines for YI and they have NEVER hurt like this one does. I will never use this again."
"I have been using this for about a month and a half. It dry&#039;s my skin out and need to moisturize about 5 times a day opposed to twice. My face will get clear and then break out again. I&#039;m still waiting on results."
"51yo healthy female. Minor pre menopausal signs periodic mood swings, tiredness. Prescribed Paxil 10 mgs. Severe bouts of exhaustion, heart palpitations, breathing anomalies, sexual disfunction, felt like zombie. Slept 2 days. Quit meds day 6. 16 days from quitting feel horrible. Severely depressed, anxious, tired, (never have felt anxious or depressed prior). Still sleep too much, experience outrageous wildly abnormal mood swings, have neglected my work, my house, my pets, my friends &amp; exercise (was running 5 miles daily prior, now do nothing) Still experience breathing abnormalities. Better each day yet unable to function normally. Life &amp; business in ruins, cry constantly. Nightmarish experience. Feel like I may never be the same again."
"It is a real shame that the oxycontin ER has been reformulated. I started taking 40 mg 3 times a day 5 years ago after having to quit my job after 45 years of service and going on disability. It gave me so much relief that I was able to do things I was unable to do for a very long time. After the reformulation I went through real bad withdrawals because the medication was no longer as effective as it had been. I finally got through that and now I am struggling with all of the problems I had before I started taking it. I&#039;m still taking it but I am suffering with severe fatigue and can barely get out of the bed in the morning and have very little energy. I can no longer work in my garden or walk my dogs &amp; have to learn to live this way again!"
"I started taking Calan (Varapamil) 20 years ago. It decreased my migraines from monthly, to only getting them every five years. So obviously I think it works amazing. 120mg per day, and I take extra if I feel like one is coming on. More recently I also started taking 400mg magnesium, and I think that has helped also. "
"I recently had my tonsils out and the medication they gave me makes me extremely nauseous especially while being in the car. I stopped at target to get something on a long car drive and I was told not to get Dramamine but to try Emetrol by the pharmacist. When I got back in the car, I took it and I didn&#039;t have nausea for the rest of the night! (4:30pm-2am). This stuff is great and really works. It is very sugary but it does the trick."
"I was just given Reglan this morning at the ER but don&#039;t think they combined it with anything but saline.  Usually I get the physically &quot;hyper&quot; feeling but with mind exhaustion with Dramamine or Benedryl.  Those medicines make me feel like all my muscles need to be repeatedly stretched and like they are itchy on the inside.  Luckily I did not get this feeling at all today with just the intravenous Reglan.
Even managed to sleep through half the drip.  Only bad thing was that it was really cold going into my arm...my whole arm felt numb.  Also, don&#039;t know if it is common or not, but was starving 6 hours later and ate more in 1 sitting than I ever before (I&#039;m sure I will regret that tomorrow)."
"I have been treated for severe cyclic depressions (atypical), anxiety, and OCD since college and I am 47. Without effective medication, my illness is debilitating. In 1993, after trying many different antidepressants, I urged my psychiatrist to prescribe me the monoamine oxidase inhibitor, Nardil. WOW....somebody switched the lights on and the symptoms off. 90% of the time I was in remission with only brief minor periods of symptoms. Nardil was reformulated and stopped working, so I switched to Parnate. 160mg/day give 100% symptom relief (with 1200mg/day lithium). I mentally feel like I&#039;m 20, bursting with mental energy. Many considered me brilliant prior to Parnate; but after years on it, my cognitive skills, retention, and creativity reached a new level."
"This medicine has given me my life back.  I can go months without a migraine.  My home life is great because I can go back to doing the thingsI  love and I am no longer in fear of losing my job.  I have become productive again!"
"Started Contrave on 2/1/15, no exercise, greatly modified my eating habits, got off carbonated drinks on 3/1/15.  Almost a year in and I have lost 92 pounds, I am now walking 5 miles a day, lifting weights.  Chronic back pain left after 50 pounds.  I saw a reduction in the craving suppression about month 7 and had to start exercising to continue weight loss.  I think this is a great drug if you are willing to do the lifestyle change that is required."
"Not helping for my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. On max dose now, and still nothing. I get this feeling of the skin on my head contracting...I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s normal."
"Well I took the Plan B One-Step pill approximately 4 hours ago and I have not had any type of side effects so far. I did take some type of nausea syrup just in case, but I feel pretty good right now. "
"I took this pill the same day after unprotected sex and was told that I would have horrible side effects and this was my first time ever taking an emergency contraceptive pill. After I took it, I kept waiting to feel pain but I had NO side effects at ALL which made me very happy. I&#039;m going to take a test in the next week or two to see if it worked. "
"I was on Lexapro for about 2 years until  itstopped working. Prior to that,over the last 25 years was always on an antidepressant. You name it, I&#039;ve tried it. What the antidepressants  did for me was just take away the severe irritability that I had, I was really at a low point when my doctor asked me to try Brintellix. I had no desire to do anything.  I felt no joy. I had been taking 40 mg.of Lexapro a day. Doc said I didn&#039;t have to wean off it.  He said I could just switch, starting the next day and I did. I Started on 5mg for the first 2 wks then increased to 10mg it&#039;s only been 4wks that I have been on it and my nausea has got better, I have a clarity in thinking that I didn&#039;t have before. I feel joy now. I am staying on it.  Also, no sexual problems on it. Got Hope!"
"I purchased Aftera at my local CVS because they were out of Plan B. Took it maybe 15 hours after having intercourse on 10/06. Didn&#039;t have any symptoms from the pill. Fast forward to 10/24 the regular day for my cycle to start. Yes I was getting nervous after reading mixed reviews of some getting pregnant, early cycle, serve cramping and some late cycles. But I can now add that as of 10/27 it was just later than norman yet still no cramping and nauseous. I don&#039;t normally have those issues anyway. So I hope my review helps someone seeking if this pill really works."
"I&#039;ve been taking Belviq since March7,2016 and today is the March 30th I&#039;ve lost a total of 12 pounds, had no side effects what so ever. I love Belviq it&#039;s changing my life . I&#039;m also working out 3x&#039;s a week and &quot;TRYING&quot; to eat better .Yet it&#039;s expensive but I look at it like this I would pay a lot of money on fast food so I might is well use my money on something that&#039;s helping me change my life."
"When my OBGYN switched my birth control pill to LoSeasonique in an attempt to relieve my severe cramps and menstrual migraines I was hopeful.  During my 3 month trial, I found that the severity of my migraines intensified and spotting was equal to that of a light period.  I understand that spotting may occur and should decrease over time; however I was forced to wear a panty liner every day (sometimes 2/day!) for 3 months.  I am no longer taking LoSeasonique."
"My dermatologist put me on this and I had to pay $180 for one tube! A little does go a long way though. At first when I tried this my skin didn&#039;t show any signs my dermatologist told me to wait six months! I couldn&#039;t bear it so I stopped using it and tried Clinique 3 step. It helped after 3 weeks but then I never saw any major changes so I used Ziana with Clinique and it worked great. My face isn&#039;t acne free yet but it&#039;s getting close after a while though the toner and moisturizer made my lower face flake unbelievably, so I stopped using it and now I just use the soap 2 times a day and Ziana at night. It has worked wonders. Good luck."
"Took it for about nine months and everything went smoothly. My heavy, horribly painful periods suddenly became lighter, shorter, less frequent and less painful. I even lost about 30 pounds while on the medication (I&#039;d been trying to lose weight for years prior). However, I stopped taking it for about a month (had surgery and had to cease all medications), and when I got back on it, it was like a completely different drug. My period went back to being heavy and my cramps even worse than before, but this time it came with intense mood swings. I&#039;m talking screaming/crying one minute, laughing the next. My advice: this is a good medication as long as you continue to take it and don&#039;t stop. The hormones will mess you up."
"My mother has severe gout and has reactions to both apuranol and cholcine. She had to take predisone since she couldn&#039;t take the other medications. Since, she started taking Uloric it has controlled her gout without any side effects. 
Seems very effective and safe."
"I was diagnosed with MS is 2014 not long after I had optic neuritis in my left eye.  The neuro opthamogist misdiagnosed the optic neuritis as a mini stroke.  So sad too bad but you are blind in your left eye.  It took a hospital stay of a week before a neurologist finally got suspicious and ordered several tests, mostly MRIs and a spinal test before confirmed.  The problem was I was a 68 year old male, very fit from playing tennis 4 days a week and working as a pilot.  I was on two medications, copaxone followed by techfadera .  I failed on both as I had more symptoms and more lesions on the brain.  i am now on tysabri , am positive for the JC virus , monitored but doing tremendous.  A wonder drug.  I prefer quality of life versus quantity."
"I had great skin until I hit 40 and had breakouts that almost looked like a rash along my jawline and forehead.  I was getting scarring and comments about the &quot;rash&quot; on my neck.  I have been using for 4 days and I am amazed at the difference in my skin.  My skin is not dry and feels baby smooth!"
"I am 25, and have an 8 year old son. I&#039;ve had my Mirena for 5 years this month, and have an appointment to have it removed and replaced in 2 weeks. I&#039;ve been very happy with it so far. I decided to get the Mirena when my doctor informed me that I had osteoarthritis due to the Depo shot I had been taking for 3 years. When I had it placed it was painful at first, but it only lasted for about 12 hours. My periods came back but are very light to nonexistent. I&#039;m extremely thankful that the Mirena doesn&#039;t have the side effects that are associated with other forms of birth control. I have absolutely no complaints with it. I love it, and cannot wait to have the new one inserted. I would recommend to everyone!"
"I was started on 40mg for 2 weeks..I felt like someone was pulling out the floor from under me and tipping the room. I was decreased to 20mg with unfortunately no improvement. I was previously on Cymbalta that seemed to &quot;stop working&quot;. I&#039;m now currently on Paxil which will hopefully help with my sadness and anxiety"
"I have been on Savella 12.5mg for three weeks. The horrible aching in my legs that kept me up at night is gone however the pain in neck and shoulders still there. I also have degenerative osteoarthritis (herniated discs) in my lower back. The one thing I noticed with this medication is that I sleep better at night. So far, only dry mouth is a side effect and this is great since I am very sensitive to many medications."
"I&#039;m taking Bontril now. Today was a week. I have lost at least 3 lbs, eat 1/4th of what I did, and am more focused. While taking this you should drink lots of water because your mouth will be dry."
"This is the most amazing medication in the entire world! I remember back when I first was prescribed it I had so much anxiety that driving home to and from work would consume my thoughts and everything was such a big deal. I feel as though I am able to focus on positive things and do not worry all the time! This medication truly is a life changer! 10/10"
"24 years old and a sufferer since 5. After Humira, my psoriasis is starting to clear up. Not totally but starting to fade. As for the nails, not much of a change. I had very bad plaque psoriasis covering almost every part of my body and guttate psoriasis mainly on my wrists, arms, and back. It was painful when the lesions on my shins would crack and bleed. I&#039;ve tried almost every cream/spray but those only temporary relieved them. But ever since I started Humira 2 months ago the plaque went away, my scalp psoriasis is gone, guttate psoriasis is clearing, and overall no more itching, flaking, cracking, and bleeding! The only side effects, if they are even caused by this medication is that I&#039;ve been getting acne."
"This is honestly the worst birth control I&#039;ve ever been on. I&#039;ve been on several types and have never experienced acne like I did on Nora be. I stayed on it for 9 months, hoping it would get better but it didn&#039;t. It caused me to have painful cystic acne all over my face, the worst was by my mouth and chin. I had such bad cramps during my period that I was in tears. I just changed birth controls and these symptoms have gone away completely. I don&#039;t know why I had such a bad effect from it, but please keep in mind you don&#039;t have to suffer for months like I did."
"I was put on Luvox for anxiety and depression. I had never had anxiety before so this was the first medicine I had tried. After 4 weeks it gave me very bad anxiety and intense &quot;racing thoughts&quot;. I was only on 25mg and then upped to 50mg. Once I got off, I learnt better ways to cope, by seeing therapists and working on my problems. Not the medicine for me."
"I started taking the pills in October 2015 weighing 214 lbs, after taking them a month I lost 17 lbs, then another 11 lbs in the second month, weighing 186.  I ran out on December 26th, 2015 and didn&#039;t have the money to get them again until the 31st of December.  I ate like a monster those four days and was certain I&#039;d gained like 30 lbs, but I still weighed in at 186 on the 31st when I started taking them again and I&#039;m excited to see how much I can lose this month! I have a gym membership and try to go to at least one Zumba class a week, but it&#039;s hard sometimes during the week so I can&#039;t say any of the weight loss is attributed to exercise. Prior to taking the pills I cut out most carbs and all breads from my regular diet."
"This medicine doesn&#039;t last. I&#039;m on my second night of it and it&#039;s 4 am and I&#039;m wide awake. My legs are very restless. I have stomach cramps. I&#039;ve tired Tranzodone in fact I was up to 200 mgs and still didn&#039;t feel it. Ambien made me hallucinate. I just want to sleep at night so I can have normal days with my kids."
"My mother is 100 1/2 years old and has been living in a nursing home for the past 10 years.  Last year she developed severe anxiety (not really depression), fearful of almost everything around her.  Totally irrational.  At the request of the family, the nursing home put her on 20 mg Celexa and her mood turned around almost immediately with no side effects.  She was cheerful again and was willing to take life as it came her way.  To see if she could function on a lower dose, about a month ago they dropped her dose to 10 mg and the anxiety returned.  Today her dose was brought back up to 20 mg, and we are anticipating a return to her non-anxious self."
"This medicine was horrible for me.  At first, I was on one by a manufacturer that had it in little green oval pills.  I did have anxiety and never wanted my sister to leave me after I took the pill.  However, I felt fairly normal (although, not completely).   The pharmacy switched manufactuers and they were then little white pills that looked almost like aspirin.  The anxiety got terrible then.  I had the strong feeling of buzzing from inside my head to all the way around it.  I wanted my sister to stay with me ALL THE TIME.   I didn&#039;t even want her to leave for ONE MINUTE.   I was lucky if I could handle going to the bathroom alone.   I HATED being alone.   I don&#039;t like being alone as it is, but I can usually handle being alone for an hour"
"This pill is just in one word, unbelievable! I have lost a total of 45 pounds so far! It has given me my life back. I went from a big size 12 to a size 4! I have never been happier in my life."
"Chantix is A TRUE LIFE SAVER! I have smoked for 28 years. Always enjoyed smoking, and didn&#039;t even think of quitting until my Doctor told me about Chantix. She said 60% of her patients quit smoking with Chantix and that I should give it a try. With my husbands urging, I decided to try it. It started working right from the beginning. The first week you are allowed to smoke while taking the medication. I wasn&#039;t enjoying it as much. When my stop date came, I felt ready. I didn&#039;t stress, didn&#039;t become a raging maniac, and didn&#039;t cheat at all! Aside from the 2 minutes of nausea, I truly enjoyed the feeling of being able to fight the urge. The hardest thing for me, was the thought process. Once I said no to that, I was free! Chantix, I love you!"
"I have irritable bowel syndrome, Crohn&#039;s disease as well a Colon issues. My GI started me on Amitiza about 10 days ago. So far it has been great. I do have some cramping a little after a pill but not compared to the constipation cramping that I have had on &amp; off for 15 years. I was lucky he gave me a sample pack good for a month so now I just have to hope my insurance picks it up next month."
"My Local Primary Care Trust summarily decreed that LHRH Treatments were to be changed from Zoladex LA to Triptorelin - this is, without even seeming to give a thought to the possible effects of the change-over.  (No relevant trials had ever been recorded for such a change)
However after my &#039;mandatory&#039; injection of Triptorelin - I immediately began to suffer from as many as 20 Hot Flushes every day. I began to record these Flushes and after only 2 weeks into the 3-month cycle, I complained to both my GP AND to the PCT direct. From my careful records, I produced an Excel graph in final support of my appeal. It was literally only 1 week before my new Injection/Implant was due, that I was allowed to return to Zoladex."
"I started 60 mg of Axiron on 30 Oct it is now 12 Nov. I feel like a gladiator, a warrior. I&#039;m 48 this month, Blk Man, I weigh in at 264 lbs, 5-10, yes that&#039;s big but I have lots of muscle mass on me as well as fat. I checked my blood level before I started it was at 175. I never would had thought my Tlevel was low because I&#039;ve always been a beast in the sack, but I did have the other symptoms.  I go to the gym 3 to 4 times a week now and lift moderately. My body swells up like I was 20 again. My mind is a lot sharper than without Axiron and the sex life? Let just say I have to chase the wife down and still have mega energy. Only about 14 days in and I can see outlines of what&#039;s about to happen in my body. WOW! I am satisfied totally."
"I have peripheral nerve damage that caused drop foot and horrible neuropathy. For years I have suffered tingling and burning pain on my left ankle and foot, and the back of my thigh felt badly sunburned. I have seen many doctors including a pain management doctor who prescribed narcotic pain medication. None of these meds took away the burning nerve pain in my foot and the side effects interfered with my ability to concentrate at work. My family doctor prescribed Lyrica and it helped a lot, but I still had constant pain. She prescribed Voltaren gel for me to try and the results are nothing short of a miracle. After only two doses my foot felt better than it ever has since my injury in 1997. The awful constant burning sensation is gone!"
"Hi have been on and off different depression medication for over 10 years with no change in my mood temperament or help without benzos but after 3 months of being on this medication I can honestly say I noticed a huge difference about a week out of every month I get extremely emotional crying and uncontrollable and for the past two out of three months of being on this medication I have had none this is the only medication out of over 20 that I find to help"
"Really cheap. I am a classical singer and had two concerts coming up and almost no voice because my vocal cords were swollen. Tried tea, water, sleep, vocal rest... a week later and I&#039;m still unable to make sound come out of my mouth after a middle C (for non-musicians- that&#039;s not very high!). I was prescribed 20 mg in the morning for three days and then 10 mg for three more. I&#039;m still on day 1 but it already seems to be making a difference in my voice. I&#039;m feeling the side effects though- 8 hours after my first dose I was jittery (no involuntary movements but I felt nervous and needed to move around a lot). Hard to sleep and felt a little out of it- like I was on a mild dose of Vicodin."
"Alcoholism - I was cured.  I went up to 330mg per day.  My maintenance dose is 180mg per day."
"Outbreak commenced on Sunday - I took the 1500mg dose as soon as I suspected it was a cold sore. The outbreak progressed and on Monday I could feel/see the bumps/redness and the itching was getting much worse. Today (Tuesday) the bumps are nearly gone and the redness is abating with no abnormal sensations. Wonderful to have this product after 30 years of living with cold sores that last for 14 days from start/finish."
"At 76 I need a little push (or kick in the butt). I got the 25s. Used a couple of prescriptions over time and wanted to try a 50mg dose. Doubled my 25s and found no improvement in erection length of time - I&#039;m back to the 25s.
Overall Viagra does it&#039;s job IF some foreplay is engaged in. 
I take to interfering medications and I&#039;m very happy with the product"
"I&#039;ve been taking Femara for a little over 5 months and have yet to experience any side effects whatsoever. I&#039;d been warned about hot flashes, night sweats, joint pain, muscle pain, and so far nothing. I have two smallish tumors in one breast that we caught very early on, and at my 4 month ultrasound they&#039;ve decreased by about 50%. I&#039;ll have a nipple-sparing mastectomy in about 2 weeks with DIEM flap reconstruction...the grossest part of this whole episode in my opinion...followed by radiation. No chemo here, just a very healthy mostly vegetarian diet and tons of walking. I&#039;m 69, 5&#039;6&quot;, 135, and so far consider myself about the luckiest cancer patient anywhere. Maybe I&#039;ll start feeling sick at some point but not yet. Hang in there ladies!!"
"My girlfriend took Plan-B 13 hours after we had unprotected sex. 
It was our first time and, to get better, she was in her fertile days. I didn&#039;t finish in her but we&#039;re freaking out anyway. 
The next few days were horrible, I was googling all the things about levonorgestrel and feeling a lot of anxiety. Even the fact that she wasn&#039;t experiencing any side-effects made me more nervous. However, about a week later the period finally came. 
Plan-B really works, it&#039;s all about taking it ASAP and trying to stay calm."
"I was on this pill for 3 weeks to bring my hirtutism under control. Whilst on this pill I constantly bled, had acne (I never get acne), and my migraines were the worst I&rsquo;ve ever had them and I&rsquo;m a chronic migraine sufferer - it came back all day every day for 5 days. I ended up just getting off them!"
"Love it , finally felt normal or what I think it means , only problem I have is the restless legs its much worse now that its been increased to 80mg , but I was fine on 60mg , my solution is to sponge my legs with cool water as it happens at night , helps a bit . Otherwise its the magic bullet for me."
"For the past 20 years I have been on antidepressants, longest being Remeron. Along with the depression I have had periods of intense anxiety, unbelievably intense, to the extent that I could not stand to be here. In December of 2011 I was in the throws of anxiety and my psych doc suggested 2mg Abilify (in addition to the Remeron). My anxiety was GONE in a day and it has stayed GONE, My depression is gone as well, My pharmacist has told me that others have had a similar experience and are as amazed as I am. I can&#039;t say enough about this medicine, amazing, just amazing."
"Woke up next morning from first dose not feeling the greatest. Within a short period of time I was vomiting, had the chills, worst aching all over that I have ever had. Lasted over 3 hours. Finally...slept most of it off after 6 or so hours of sleep. Woke dizzy and had a headache that lasted through the next day. Really thought I was dying but too sick to move."
"I prefer the 150 OTC to the 300 prescription version. Had side effects (mainly constipation) with 300.  Both work fine, but I thought the prescription would work better and would be less costly because it is covered by insurance, but now I will go back to the OTC."
"I asked for something to ease me to sleep after the horrific death of my 26 yr old child.  I realized I had not slept (REM) for almost a month and a half.  When seeking help from my doctor I asked that I not get a narcotic or a sleep aid that would increase depression, sleep walking, suicide, and we went with this drug.  I was given 100mg tabs to take 20 minutes before bed.  It was not working and now on my second bottle, I need to take 200mgs to get sleepy.  I have noticed labored breathing but chalk it up to the cold moving in, not sure if the two are related and will only know that when I chose not to take it."
"When I first started this I got so sick but I realized you have to eat before taking this, do not take on empty stomach! My acne did somewhat get better, I would definitely recommend this to underweight people it added a few pounds on me! No emotional problems, period lasts anywhere from 3-7 days, cramps aren&#039;t as bad, good sex drive!"
"I rarely have side effects to medication. In fact, I think there is only one other drug I have been on that I have had a side effect from other than this and trust me, I have been on more than I can even count. But this one, was AWFUL. Within the first day I was shaky, my heart was racing, and I felt dizzy if I stood up quickly, but what was even worse was the insomnia! I thought I could get used to the medication but 5 days later and it still wasn&#039;t any better. My doctor gave me trazodone to help me sleep but the other side effects were still there so I went off it after 2 weeks."
"I was in the Emergency Room for a kidney stone and was given a couple medications in my IV. I told the nurse that I was becoming very nauseous and needed something to prevent myself from vomiting. She came back with a syringe and thought it was Zofran. The nurse began pushing the medication and said that she was administering Reglan. About 2 minutes later, my chest felt extremely tight, I couldn&#039;t stop moving my legs or hold still. I had an extreme urge to rip my IV out and run... and run... and run... I had a feeling of anxiety unlike anything I have ever felt before. It wasn&#039;t your typical &#039;butterflies&#039;, this was like I wanted to escape my skin or just end it all right there. I would much rather be dead than to feel the way Reglan felt."
"I&#039;ve been on Alesse for 6 months without problems. I gained a cup size and maintained my weight. No mood swings. No spotting. TAKE NOTE OF THE BRAND AT YOUR PHARMACY THOUGH! Often times they prescribe you a generic brand even IF your doctor wrote Alesse. I had noticed this and spoke to my pharmacist. And got the name brand."
"I had the Mirena IUD inserted about a month and a half ago. I cramped the day of a little bit and everything was fine. So far I love it, I have only had one period since and have been expecting a second and it hasn&#039;t come yet. Unfortunately I am having it removed in a couple of weeks. My husband and I after having sex noticed blood in our areas- and it was from the strings of the Mirena cutting him. This was really painful for him and it is not his first injury during sex since I had it inserted. I would recommend if your partner is rather larger than average that this may not be for you because it has been an issue for us since inserted."
"Requip has been a God send for me. As with any other medication it affects everyone differently. I take it only at bed time because that is the only time it affects me. I do recommend this medicine to all that I know that suffer from restless leg syndrome."
"I started taking 50mg about 4 years ago as I had a hard time going to and staying asleep. It worked, for me. About 15 mins later I&#039;m asleep, and I wake up restful and not grouchy. I use to be a grouch in the morning. After about a year I felt it was not as effective as in the beginning so my doc upped it to 100mg and I&#039;ve never looked back. Love me some trazodone!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Bontril SR (105 mg) for 30 days. The 1st week I lost 7lbs and the 2nd week I lost 3 lbs and none since. The 1st week I had tons of energy and a significant decrease in appetite. The 2nd week my appetite started to come back and the energy was gone. I now have almost the same appetite as before, although I do get full a little quicker. Went to Doctor today to get refill. Going to try 1 more month. I did follow the 1200 calorie diet and drank lots of water the 1st 2 weeks. It is hard to restrict calories now that the hunger is back. As far as side effects, I did experience headaches, insomnia and dry mouth for a few days, but that has gone away. I was also irritable that 1st week. Now the only side effect is dizziness if I don&#039;t drink enough water."
"I have been taking Savella for 2 years now.  It really helps relieve my fibro pain.  I was extremely reluctant at first because of the price.  My Dr. insisted I take it and I thought it wasn&#039;t helping at all, but I continued to take it anyway because I was desperate for relief.  There was a week I forgot to put it in my weekly pill boxes.  My body was in SO MUCH PAIN!!  When I discovered that I had forgotten it, only then, did I realize how much it helped.  I am thin, it doesn&#039;t cause me weight gain.  I now am back to working full time and am productive again.  Stay strong and keep pushing fellow fibro sufferers. "
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for about 3 months and so far it&#039;s been pretty good. I&#039;ve had no weight gain, hardly any spotting, and absolutely no pimples, lighter periods, a few mood swings. I do get migraines which I got before I started the pill and nausea which are both tolerable."
"Other than mood swings and headaches, this BC experience is bliss. Little to no period or pains."
"Only been on this for 3 weeks and it started working well.  Woke up this morning and I am itching like I have the worst sunburn of my life!  I&#039;d rather have the acne!"
"I&#039;ve had YI in the past, and they would go away either by pill or just because. This time I was fed up so I bought the monistat 7 day pack and BOY OH BOY. Less than a minute of inserting that thang it started to BURN. I&#039;m saying like putting hot bacon grease on your kitty type burn. Sitting in a bath full of hot sauce type burn. Dropping the curling iron on your kitty type burn. And it&#039;s gonna burn for a good 30 minutes. I really wanted to scratch but I couldn&#039;t. I&#039;m telling you, this thang is on FIRE. So it betta work in the morning. And this YI better be gone after these 7 days bc I can&#039;t do dis no mo."
"I have been on Saxenda for 5 weeks now . I have lost 15 pounds. I take my injections at 7pm every night. I wanted to avoid the side effects by taking it at night. The nausea has been really bad for the past week, since I have been on 3mg. Zofran has helped. I find I do have to take a Laxative to aid with the constipation. I&#039;m happy it is working . A long journey ahead."
"I have situational depression, never dealt with it before. Wellbutrin had definitely helped get me out of bed each day. The &quot;situation&quot; is becoming better as well but I find my emotions aren&#039;t as out of whack. I cry less &amp; get angry less. I do feel it made me more anxious which I&#039;m already dealing with &amp; taking Buspirone for. I didn&#039;t experience many side effects BUT one that is hard to deal with but because it seems to make me get through each day a little better, I deal with it. It makes my throat feel closed, which is very annoying. I feel often like I can&#039;t breathe well &amp; that I can&#039;t swallow or that something is stuck in my throat. I&#039;ve not taken any other pills on several days to determine that it was the Wellbutrin that did it &amp; it is."
"I&#039;ve been on zyprexa since 2006. Although it causes weight gain, I&#039;ve decided to weight train or do cardio for an hour every day, which is helping. The weight can continue, but from my experience, it was only when I was inactive. I also feel a little sedated but that doesn&#039;t keep me from doing things. The hallucinations are about 90% gone. Overall, zyprexa works for me as it&#039;s one of the two drugs that worked because most of the other drugs I tried were not effective, reacted with my skin, or did nothing."
"Take the pill as soon as you can and don&#039;t stress! Trust me stress will only make it worse! I took the pill within 70 hours and I was a wreck ! The pill works . But it does have its side affects !! which can be a pain but it&#039;s better than having a baby your not ready for ! "
"This medicine is great. I have no side effects and the hand eczema clears up within a week. I have to get a shot about every 10-12 months."
"I was on it for about two weeks hoping some of the side effects would get better as I did lose my cravings to eat sugars, but I had these foggy type headaches alot of the time, could not fall asleep at night anymore which made me grumpy and irritable. Plus I always had this weird taste in my mouth that just wouldnt go away. I just didnt think it was good for me to have these issues going on."
"3 weeks now, so far no problems."
"I never thought I would be able to find something to clear my acne. After 10 years of searching and trying every OTC product and prescription product nothing worked. The I started trying Birth Control Pills and went through about 5 different kinds of them until I tried Yaz. It does wonders for my face and my confidence. I can&#039;t believe that taking a tiny pill, once per day can be such an easy cure to my skin problems. Don&#039;t let you doctor convince you that the generic will do the same as Yaz... it won&#039;t. "
"This drug gave me such severe arthritis-like symptoms (intense joint pain, immobility of joints, inability to walk) for almost a year. While I was on the drug, I did not smoke, but as soon as I had to stop taking it so as to try and stop the immobility I started smoking again - out of frustration. "
"I got my first nexplanon in 2013, had it for three years and got my new one about 2 weeks ago. I love it. I have two week periods every other month (so the same amount as a normal cycle within a year&#039;s time). Before it I had heavier periods. Now they are a lot lighter only downside is that I gained a few pounds (I became a lot less active also which added to the gained weight). When it was time to change it at the end of the three years my cycle stayed on for about 3weeks (Not bleeding the whole time. It was the normal two weeks as stated before and then a week of discharge that I usually get after my cycles). I&#039;ve read a lot of bad reviews on this, but I absolutely love it. I literally don&#039;t have to think about birth control for three year"
"I take 3 of the 750mg capsules 3 times a day for my ulcerative colitis and have seen that as long as I make sure to take them at the same times every day, then it works very well and flare ups are few. The capsules are easy to swallow and the medication itself has been very easy on my stomach."
"My 16 year old daughter has been in and out of the hospital for a year and 8 months with alot of ups and downs. She was given Seroquel xr and she is like a new person. She has gained weight from it and wanted to be taken off of it, but as the doctor started taking her off of it she did not like what was happening to her and said I would rather gain weight and be stable then skinny and angry and sad all the time."
"I have used it many times for muscle spasms. A low dose usually is all that is needed. No side effects except a little drowsiness."
"I got the IUD inserted just three days ago. Ouch!! I was not expecting the pain I experienced. I have cramps and bleeding but I really hope it&#039;s worth it. Reading about the possible effects scares me a bit. Praying for positive outcomes!!"
"So I read alot of bad reviews on it, knowing that people only write reviews if they have bad experiences. Well I decided to take a shot at it. I am a week  since first putting it in. I am having a lot of discharge, and my vagina is really raw. My boyfriend can feel it during sex, and it burns his penis. I am not having any depression, but I am super irritable, and have mood swings. I wouldn&#039;t say don&#039;t try it, but it isn&#039;t for everyone."
"Been on Chantix for 2 weeks now, get the nausea (but just now read to take with food) and vivid, fun dreams.  Other then that no other adverse side effects.  Been a smoker since I was 13 years old, now 46 and average pack-pack 1/2 day.  With Chantix down to about 1/2 pack per day.  But not a strong urge to quit, hopefully soon. "
"I had two children before getting the IUD, so my insertion was pretty much painless. I did experience some bleeding afterwards, and I felt a little strange a few weeks later, but I eventually felt normal again. I&#039;ll continue to update my review on this product."
"I had a positive experience with Lo Loesterin Fe. I had spotting within the first couple months, but besides that no complaints! However, I didn&#039;t get my period as often as I used to."
"For the last 25 years I have smoked a pack a day, and dipped a can every two days.  I have been on Chantix for a month now, and not had any tobacco for the last week!  The week before that I did have one cigarette.  But only one in two weeks is still awesome.  I do have some of the side effects.  For instance I have extremely vivid dreams, but they are not all bad dreams. I also have an upset stomach.  I figure that putting up with these side effects is better than smoking.  I would, and do recommend this medicine to any smoker.  It is truly a miracle in a bottle. 
"
"I started taking this medication 1 month ago and have had absolutely no ill effects from it. My first worry was not being able to sleep once I heard the word &quot;stimulant&quot;. Not an early riser I set my alarm clock to go off at 6AM just to take the pill!  Now I am taking it much later and have absolutely no ill effects.  Seem to have more energy, sleep better and starting to get some things accomplished instead of dabbling in two or three different things."
"I took the 15 day free trial offer and lost 11 pounds in two weeks. I only took 1 pill a day, 10 mg instead of two pills a day."
"I love Desogen.  I was on a couple of other kinds of pills before I started taking it including one that made me cry whenever I saw large bodies of water.  I&#039;ve been on Desogen for a year now and have not experienced any emotional side effects.  My only complaint is that it&#039;s made my periods start out really light and get heavy at the end, which is a little irritating.  Other than that, I love Desogen.  I haven&#039;t had any desire to switch pills since I started taking it."
"I took this 75mg for about 5 months 
I loved it how it got me up &amp; going compared to the 20mg of Prozac was taking off &amp; on 9 yrs before But around the 4th month started finding myself getting mad easy &amp; than my 1st panic attack happened. Had never new about the this &amp; wish I never did. Stopped the Wellbutrin now 6 months &amp; still having horrible attacks that keep sending me to hospital. ER DR told me I&#039;m not the 1st to say their panic attacks started after taking Wellbutrin. So I&#039;m standing up to ask if any one else has because it&#039;s not in there side effect list. I&#039;m gonna make a blog on YouTube soon to help find an army"
"Coming to the end of my second one and it is brilliant."
"Awful.  The only thing worse was the concoction I used for my previous colonoscopy, which required twice the amount of fluid.

I don&#039;t understand how the pharmaceutical industry can&#039;t come up with something more palatable."
"Took forever to get approved for this medication.  I basically had to fail every other treatment first which I did.  Insurance kicked in about 9K and Taltz covered the rest for a $5 co-pay.  The injections feel like a bee sting but it only last for about 5 seconds.  Within a day or two I started to see improvement on my skin.  Within a week or two I had no flakey patches or shedding.  It took about 2 months before the deep red/purple scaring went away.  The only side effect I experienced is the upper respiratory infection.  I cannot stress this enough.  Do not take this is if you are sick.  If you smoke or get frequent bronchitis you will get an upper respiratory infection shortly after taking this.  Other than that it works great."
"It&#039;s funny because I usually get a break out here and there like every normal girl and I thought maybe this was just a coincidence that I was horrendously breaking out. I&#039;m talking huge pimples plastered on my checks and little white heads all over my forehead. I thought maybe it was a coincidence till I read reviews and seen that this causes acne for a lot of people. I quit taking it 2 days ago, and my face is already immediately clearing back up again. I think I&#039;ll just stick to condoms. Birth control has been a night mare for my face."
"I was excited about the prospect of having a birth control that I didn&#039;t have to worry about for 3 years. However, that excited has turned into bitterness. 2 months in and I already want out. I can&#039;t wait the 3 months like the other women on here.  I bleed all the time. My moodiness and sadness makes me so tired and irritable it&#039;s affecting my relationship with my boyfriend. He sees an emotional increase and misses my fierce independence he fell for. Low sex drive and that leads to more moodiness. The weight gain along with the emotions makes me feel even worse and then leads to more sadness. I made an appointment to have this remove."
"It&#039;s good."
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring for 6 months. I previously had the arm implant, but the hormones caused cystic acne and irregular bleeding. No problems with the Nuvaring aside from slight weight gain (couple of pounds), which I can live with. My periods have been very regular, no spotting, no mood swings, no change in sex drive. I experienced minimal cramping the first month and continued bloating during my periods.  

This is a good option for those who have a hard time remembering to take the pill everyday. Once a month is phenomenal!"
"It works well, and very quickly! One or two tabs taken after a cup of coffee helps to avoid acid indigestion. Works for me; cheap, easy to use, safe. Nothing faster!"
"Wonderful...only one that works for me."
"had flu like body aches, constant urge to defecate  and brutal migraines from day 3. fatigue was all consuming.  rather deal with the joint pain!!"
"Celexa and Zoloft made me feel detached from life so I wanted to try Aplenzin. At first I thought it was the wonder drug. I felt ALIVE, full of hope and energy. I cared about my future and could get things done. I was so happy, possibly euphoric. I stood up for myself and felt in control. I thought I had found the answer. That was on the low, intro. dose (174?). Then I went up to middle, recommended dose (348?). All that good stuff disappeared. Can&#039;t sleep, feel like I&#039;m on the verge of panic attacks. Found myself watching the colors on TV and the colors owned me. Never had this experience before. Mood swings and deeper depression now. Want that good feeling back. Have call in to doctor about going back to lower dose."
"On Votrient since 2010 after Sutent. Results were good.  After six months - no sign of metastasis and have been in remission since 2012.  Votient had the effect of high blood pressure which was mitigated by Procardia. As of late, have lost weight and am having some digestive issues."
"I have been on 100 mg daily for 12 years and have had fairly controlled symptoms compared to others I know with Fibromyalgia.  I am increasing my dose to 200 mg daily to help control my anxiety and insomnia.  Savella has been a life saver for me!"
"I took 2 dulcolax tablets thinking that just one wouldn&#039;t work. 4 hours after I felt instant relief but I had loose bowels for 10 days straight and lost 12 pounds over the course of those days. It did what it said it would do so 10/10 from me"
"I&#039;ve been on celexa and a fentynal patch for a few years during and after battling cancer. but the fatigue from pain meds and anti-depressants left me feeling so tired through out the work day. I was to the point of almost falling asleep at the wheel driving home from work.  Weekends consisted of laying around doing nothing, losing all interest in even going for a haircut on Saturday. I asked my oncologist about ritalin and he put me on 20mg 3 times a day.  I had no idea how well it cured my depression as well as kept me going through out the day without feeling tired at all!  I never thought the Celexa worked for my depression and wonder if i should talk to my doctor now about weaning myself off the celexa and just go with the ritalin."
"I&#039;ve Taken One Dulcolax Last Night Around 10 ..This Morning I Had Severe Cramps In My Stomach, Went To Make A Bowel Motion, Now I Feel Better. I&#039;m Still A Little Crampy But I Think Everything Came Out. I Recommend To Anyone Constipated."
"I am on 40 mg of Lexapro for the treatment of BDD. I have been on this medication for over 6 months and it has changed my life!"
"I have been on Suboxone for going on 2 years. It has truly helped me. If you fall down a few times after you start taking it, its okay, get back up, take it as you are told and keep trying.
"
"I&#039;m a retired U.S.Marine and have been having trouble with sleeplessness and nightmares from service related issues. My doctor first prescribed Amitriptyline (Elavil) and I became an angry monster. She switched me to Trazodone, 25mg at bedtime and it has greatly helped with sleep and the depression. It has also helped with controlling my emotions. I have also been alcohol free for over 8 months now with no intentions of drinking again. It&#039;s helped me with several issues and I would highly recommend you inquire with your doctor about trying it if you&#039;re having any of the problems I have experienced."
"Was on Enbrel a few years back, then the plaque came back, my dr put me on humira, it cleared 20% so far.  two months plus, will give it more time :-("
"I got my first implanon in Jan 2012 because I wanted an effective long term birth control that I didn&#039;t have to remember to take. The initial 3 years left me with a great experience of regular periods &amp; no side effects. It was perfect for me &amp; with no wants to have children at this stage in Jan 2015 I had another inserted. Almost instantly my periods became heavy &amp; irregular. I went back to the doctors weeks later &amp; was assured it was the same contraceptive as before &amp; just a side effect. I bled for another 3 weeks, went back &amp; was prescribed a month of the pill Zoelly which stopped my period. To follow I had 6 months of irregular bleeds with the final straw being a heavy period lasting 3 months. Had it removed &amp; now on the pill Levlen."
"I wanted to share my experience on here as I found comfort at looking at the reviews at a time of panic myself. I did not experience the side effects until a week after I had taken the pill. I experienced stomach pains, diarrhoea, fatigue and spotting. I read online that spotting was a sign of pregnancy so I was panicking! I was on holiday at this time so unfortunately it did damper my mood while I was on holiday a little. I was reading so many forums, researching the effectiveness of the pill, researching symptoms of pregnancy, etc etc, making myself so stressed out. I was losing so much sleep over it. Finally, my period came a week late, but I was so relieved! Have faith in the pill ladies :)"
"It worked and no side effects that I noticed."
"Just got Skyla today. My gyno said it would be best to get it on the last few days of my period since I haven&#039;t had kids. It finished yesterday, got the skyla today, and the pain was pretty minimal (I took two advil before). A bit more painful than a pap smear, but it was over super quickly. I had mild cramps and spotting throughout the day, but with advil it was totally fine! Seeing all I had to pay was a $50 co-pay for the doctors visit, this was definitely a great choice for three years of birth control!"
"Was given a sample and within two days symptoms cleared up.  Insurance denied giving me full prescription so had to go with Protonix.  Within 3 days of taking the Protonix all symptoms returned.  Don&#039;t know what the difference is but the Dexilant works."
"Sometimes after a night of partying I become nauseous. One of my customers suggested Dramamine after I threw up. Now I can party all night! My revenue is up as I can still work. Thank you dramamine! (oh and a side note Dramamine works a lot better taken orally compared to rectally but what do I know I&#039;m just a 30 year old man. Go nuts!)"
"This medicine is amazing and I would like to thank all the inventors and people involved in developing and commercializing this medication. I was afflicted with a pneumonia and after I started taking, I started seeing a benefit within 24-48 hours. 7 days of treatment did the job and I have myself back."
"Ok"
"I usually use Ocella (been using for 4 years) and switched to Zarah for my vacation because the pharmacy was out, but wow, it triggered huge mood swings and a deep depression the 2nd week in,  By the 3rd week, I was crying every morning and feeling in a slump for hours on end.  It was sporadic, like on and off, sometimes I&#039;d feel fine and then I&#039;d feel horrible again in a few hours.  Yikes."
"Saved my life. I didn&#039;t know I had anxiety, doctors kept giving me high blood pressure medication only. Finally went to a psychiatrist, he gave me Xanax and Tofranil. Xanax helped a lot, the antidepressant I had problems with, sleeping mostly. Been on Xanax for 25 years and the only medicine that really helps my Panic Attacks."
"The first thing I would recommend would be that you get some A&amp;D ointment. Use it every time you have to wipe. It will make it less uncomfortable. The worst part of this to me was drinking this extremely bad tasting medicine. The first dose it was all I could do not to throw up and I don&#039;t do that. Then I got really bad chills. So for the second dose I plugged my nose and then drank room temperature water. But the medicine cleans you out. Actual colonoscopy is a breeze after the prep"
"My doctor gave me this in 2010 when I first began having seasonal allergies. I thought it was the best allergy medication out there, like top notch stuff. Turns out its just a basic type of medication. No superpowers involved, but it works great you would think there are superpowers in them!"
"I have been on Viibryd for 3 weeks now and I feel awesome. I had the bathroom issues just for one day and then it stopped. It happened again when I increased to 20mg but I feel great. I noticed after the 3rd day that my depression was gone. I feel really upbeat and my husband has really noticed a big difference. I have been on a lot of other antidepressants and by far this is the best one. I am also on Latuda which seems to be working well also. I give this medicine a 10 because it has really helped me."
"Taking this for 2 to 3 days allows me to walk without pain. I think the side effects are bad. However I do not have any of them. I am just glad I can walk, the pain is intense without it."
"This drug can kill you.  One of the worst reactions to a medication that I&#039;ve ever experienced.  Last Saturday, I could hardly walk out of a store as the muscle contractions grew worse and the pressure in my chest increased.  And ER visit followed and a week later, I am still weak.  It did not get out of my system in 24, 48 nor 72 hours.  Watch this drug closely when you are given it for treatment, especially if you have already had physical symptoms that are similar to some of its side effects.  And yes, I had the diarrhea, the spasms which ran up into my torso and the nausea but I tried working through it all.  I could barely lift my arms last Saturday and I was in pain from my feet to the top of my head.  There was no comfortable place"
"Following a stroke in June 2014, that Christmas I had become aware of an extremely unpleasant discomfort everywhere but particularly my hands/arms/legs and feet this led to 7 months of tests/scans/x-rays to try and determine what was the cause.
Then finally a neurologist diagnosed central post stroke pain.
The prognoses did not look good, anti-depressives or anti-convulsives where just about all they had to treat this condition, at first I was reluctant especially when I read about the possible side-effects but over time I was beginning to despair.  I  decided to talk to my GP and was put on 10mg of amitriptyline and told to come back later this month (Jan) by that weekend I was sure the tingles/prickly heat were less evident, but I had only been taking them for 3 days surely it%u2019s too soon (I had read to give it 2-6 weeks before I could expect any beneficial change).
I have now been on them for 1 week and to my amazement they are working,  so from a 7/10 and slowly creeping up it is now a 5/10 and feeling a little better every day, all this in the space of just a week.
For me Amitriptyline has saved my life, I was sinking and in despair and was seriously thinking I could not go on with this chronic pain day after day.
How I wished I%u2019d tried this medication earlier instead of being influenced by so many negative reports because for me Amitriptyline is truly miraculous, I feel like putting the empty box in my bedroom surrounding it with candles and flowers and on my knees worshiping it.
If you are reluctant about taking it for neurological pain especially central pain following stroke please don%u2019t be, try it you have nothing to lose except pain.
And just one more thing no side-effects"
"Suicidal early 20s-previous control found with counseling, Zoloft, Effexor, no other drugs giving much or lengthy control of disease. About 2 yrs ago began Viibryd-quickly brought up to 40 mg dose. Still have dry mouth and some diarrhea (so bad at first it actually turned into IBS for me) and continue with daily headaches and queasiness, though no weight gain as others reported.  Last 5-6 months have noticed sharp increase in sudden unexpected crying with no ability to stop, and now more aggressive feelings and an increase in suicidal ideation which I have not had for many years. Very surprising and frightening after all this time (40  years since diagnosis). Will wean off this drug soon when/if I can find a Dr to address these issues"
"Helps calm my extreme anxiety!"
"More powerful than I thought... dr prescribed this to treat scoliosis pain in a &#039;non narcotic way&#039;. It helped my back pain greatly. I was also in a great mood in the beginning. I thought it was wonderful (despite a constant minor headache)! As the months went on, I no longer had that wonderful feeling and needed the tramadol to function. NEVER went over prescribed dose (50 mg 3 times per day). When I had to take it at 7:30 am so I could get out of bed at 8:00, I knew it was a problem. Seems you can become dependent without really knowing it. BAD withdrawals that lasted over a month (I was on it 11 months)."
"I got it put in early July and after a week i started spotting then bleeding and stop then spot ik its been over a month since i had it but i hate it i spot it all the time i am ready to already get it out i don&#039;t recommended it i haven&#039;t gained weight yet i did have minor cramps when inserting it they do numb u so u cant feel it"
"I got the skyla iud since I&#039;m a diabetic every other birth control were raising my sugars. I had tried the implant several years ago and I had month long cycles I got it removed after a year and a half. I started taking the pill my sugars went through the roof. So we said we&#039;d try an iud and it&#039;s definitely going very well, so far! When I got it placed, I was given 3 advils prior, than they also numbed my cervix and I just felt a slight sting from the needle, but I didn&#039;t feel anything afterwards. But once I got home I was told I&#039;d cramp I did, and I also bled. It&#039;s been 6 months, now, the first 5 were pretty heavy but not a lot of cramps. This last month I had slight bleeding I didn&#039;t need anything because it was only when I would wipe."
"This is the only medicine that helped take care of the symptoms I had from Fibromyalgia, with no side effects"
"Someone replied to my first response that I need to wait 6 months.
Well its been way over 2 years now, and I am still tearing and having that stinging feeling.
I use 100% organic coconut oil for a lube, as my OBGYN said to try that too.
I have no side effects from the coconut oil.
I used both and then after &quot;enduring&quot; sex, I was left with a couple of tears that were bleeding and  stinging. 
I am going to call her back and tell her I need extra strength. Even after the 1 mg amount, bathing the walls of my vagina, its still not enough.
I am only 55, and did not think, this was going to be the end of me.
My husband is 13 years older than me, and I am the one that has to turn him away because I  am not healed enough to try again"
"Took for two months, 1 Capsule a day for my ADD. I have tried most ADHD medicines, stimulant and non- stimulant types. I was expecting a &#039;non event&#039; transition, from adderall, to 
Dexedrine predominant Vyvanse. I have used Dexedrine and found it helpful with focus and follow through issues, with minimal side effects. Vyvanse did not turn out to be what I&#039;d hoped for. Minimal fuss, and a stable continuation of living and treating my ADD. Vyvanse
Had no similarities to Dexedrine . Felt sad, bad, and disconnected from being in the moment.
Side effects did not disappear during course of treatment. Somehow a perfectly acceptable 
Drug ingredient, Dexedrine, became Lisdexamphetamine. The long acting formulation benefit is lost, to a imposter drug"
"I&#039;m a 40 year old female, mother of two. I&#039;m being newly treated for depression. I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq for 5 days. I noticed an incredible difference within 30 minutes of my first dosage.(I know it seems hard to believe) The heaviness between my eyes subsided, and I felt at ease. I am loving my new attitude towards all and everything. I have noticed some side effects, a sore jaw from clenching, and a lack of appetite. I can live with the sore teeth and jaw as long as that is the worst of the side effects and a bit of weight loss would be great. I notice I&#039;m waking up happier and bright eyed, instead of miserable and heavy feeling. So far, I&#039;m loving Pristiq."
"I started Fetzima 4 months ago.  My blood pressure went up dramatically to the point that now I am on blood pressure medication.  I am also irritable now.  I see my doctor in one week and I will tell him to change it.  I&#039;ve never had a blood pressure side effect from medication before.  My blood pressure was also normal."
"Took first dose of 75mg before bed. Fell asleep at 1030 and slept well, actually. Woke up at 530 with eyes wide open as if i just had 10 espressos. It&#039;s now 630 and I don&#039;t have to be out of bed until 7. Can&#039;t sleep anymore.  Feeling jittery with jaw clenching and teeth chattering when I open my mouth a little. Hands are sweating. I feel a little emotionally numb. Slight ringing in ears and slight headache with slight nausea. I feel peaceful but dull. Not sure if I will take again."
"Been on Stelara for almost 1 years with no real success."
"I haven&#039;t had many yeast infections and have never taken anything over the counter before trying Monistat 1. I also didn&#039;t read the reviews before trying this option. I inserted the capsule last night and haven&#039;t experienced any burning or itching symptoms so I&#039;m hoping that&#039;s a good sign and the infection will be gone quickly. I&#039;ve had the yeast infection for over a week before realizing what it was. I initially bough vagisil after experiencing the intense itching and burning many of you have described. Maybe my experience is different because I waited longer to treat it? I also didn&#039;t apply the Monistat 1 cream since I am not experiencing external symptoms anymore."
"I started taking Belviq about 6 weeks ago.  When I visited with my Doctor to ask about Belviq, he was very apprehensive, as he&#039;d had a few traumatic experiences related to Phen-Phen.  We discussed it at length and he reluctantly agreed to provide me with a prescription, with the caveat that I check in with him once a month.  Well, in my first month, I lost 12 lbs!  Side effects - initial, some constipation and dry mouth - increased fluid intake and both disappeared.  I do feel &quot;foggy&quot; at times, sleep deeply and find it hard to wake up.  Otherwise, all is well and I&#039;m finding the side effects decreasing with time.  Looking forward to continuing the positive trajectory and getting back to pre-preggo weight!"
"I was on Diovan five years ago for high blood pressure and had been taking it for about two years when I woke up one morning and felt so sick and weak that I could not walk. I happened to be in hospital at the time and they discovered that my potassium and blood pressure had dropped significantly. They stopped the Diovan and two days later I was back to normal. However, my blood pressure is above the recommended levels and the local doctor put me back on Diovan about six weeks ago and this week I got the weakness back plus muscle aches, severe, so I stopped Diovan two days ago and so far I still have all the bad side effects, but hoping they will go away soon. A visit to the doctor is on the cards."
"This worked great for me and I&#039;m grateful I didn&#039;t read the reviews before using it. I had a slight warming sensation but not uncomfortable. The itching was considerably less than the yeast infection which had been brewing 1-2 days. I think it also made me lightheaded for 40-60 minutes and wouldn&#039;t have thought to mention that but I saw someone else had the same reaction. 

My only complaint is it is messy. I had to use this medication in the morning before a busy day and the tiny pantyliners I use definitely didn&#039;t cut it."
"I have been on Bactrim for 5 weeks now and today I decided to stop taking it due to the side effects I&#039;m experiencing. My gums have become inflamed and have a burning sensation that is very bothersome. My face also feels somewhat numb and tingly. I&#039;m disappointed that I can&#039;t tolerate this medicine because it really did start clearing up my moderate acne problem. I would recommend giving Bactrim a try..it just didn&#039;t agree with me."
"The good:  I&#039;ve been taking Belviq for two weeks.  I have had a significant decrease in appetite &amp; desire to eat.  Even when I am hungry, I&#039;m really not interested in food.  I get up to find something to snack on, but find myself walking away because nothing looks good to eat.  I&#039;ve had a 7 pound weight loss, so I would call this a success.

The bad:  I have definitely noticed the fatigue, all day long.  My mood is pretty flat all of the time.  Not happy, not sad, just flat.  I have been dizzy, at times to the point of needing to sit down.  I also notice difficulty keeping my eyes focused on the screen.  Like my eyes are drifting without my being able to control it.  I&#039;m thinking about stopping or lowering dose."
"I was taking this and Cipro and found it made me very, very dizzy. After talking it over with my doctor she changed the dose from 3 times a day to half strength 4 times a day. The dizziness went away, mostly, but the taste in my mouth is awful."
"I&#039;ve been on vyvanse for about a year maybe a year and a half but damn this medication is amazing when you take it normally, I say normally because I usually only take it when I know I gotta focus so like for school, work, a project, etc but when I&#039;m just home I don&#039;t take it. Now vyvanse has helped me so so much its just the getting the medication on time is what I struggle with, because I&#039;ve noticed now that when I&#039;m off vyvanse my ADHD is way worse like the anger and getting distracted part. Yet I don&#039;t like taking pills in general I know they do damage inside but if it works it works you know I&#039;d rather struggle with the medication than have to deal with ADHD alone."
"Works for me."
"I started drinking in high school, alcoholism runs in my family and I started early. I tried AA and 5 rehab facilities but always started drinking again. I never had any will power or control, but alcoholics rarely do.  Over 10 years ago now a doctor asked me if I wanted to try this medication and it worked from day one. It took away my cravings, changed the way I functioned, my entire life. At 46 years old I was sober and staying sober for the first time. I now have a little over 10 years sobriety. Run don&#039;t walk to your doctor to try this medication. It can give you the life we use to only dream of. Good luck!"
"I started taking Loestrin 24 Fe after taking Tri-sprintec for 4 months and experiencing depression and mood swings.  I just finished my 3rd pack of Loestrin 24 Fe and I did not get a period each of the 3 months.  I took a pregnancy test which was negative.  Reading these other reviews makes me feel at ease that this is not unusual with this pill, but I am still planning on calling my Dr.  I felt like I had all the physical signs of getting a period each month, but nothing at all.  Other than no period, I only had sore breasts at the start of pack 3, but that went away in 2 weeks. I do experience nausea, but I get that with every pill I have tried so far.  Not sure if I like a pill where I don&#039;t get a period."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for 13 months. My CD4 count is normal and virus load undetectable.

I&#039;m grateful for this medicine, I know it&#039;s saving my life, but I still don&#039;t like it and here&#039;s why;

1. Mood changes. Since I&#039;ve started taking it I&#039;ve been moody and find it hard to concentrate. I&#039;m sure this medicine is mildly psychoactive. My dreams are vivid and sometimes I get terrifying nightmares and wake up screaming.

2. Price. 

3. This goes back to #1, but I haven&#039;t really felt &quot;myself&quot; since I started this medicine. I feel a sense of unreality to my thoughts and sensations. "
"I got this for depression, I took 150 mg a day. Now I need 50 mg to fall asleep, sometimes even 100mg. I don&#039;t know how this works for people who take only 10-20 mg. Yes, I get a dry mouth, but that&#039;s ok. I noticed that I have very realistic dreams and sometimes a hangover for the next day (after 100mg)."
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for about a month now.  I can&#039;t take anything with a stimulant in it, so Belviq was really the only option for me.  

I lost 5 pounds in first week and then nothing the next.  Was starting to get discouraged and then it started to work.  I have fewer cravings and do feel full sooner.  I&#039;ve lost about 13 pounds and can see the difference in my legs and abdomen.  

Primary side effects for me (some of which might have been caused by increase in Metformin at same time) were slight headache in first week (went away), mild diarrhea in first week (also went away), dry mouth/eyes (already had an issue but got worse) and very tired in evenings (falling asleep at 9:30 instead of 11:30) and in mornings (but ok during day)."
"I used the gel once, as prescribed and broke out in to a rash  all over my body. The rash is called Erythema multiforme. I  was covered in bright red,raised welts and hives for close to two weeks. The experience was itchy, uncomfortable and over all unpleasant.  
My Dr. said to stop using the gel but the most frustrating part was there was nothing anyone can do. It simply needed to &quot;run it&#039;s course!&quot;
Use at your own risk!"
"I would get a urinary tract infection when I had sex.  To control the situation my doctor prescribed SMZ-TMP DS.  I took one or 2 a day for years.  As long as I took the pills I was not bothered with a UTI.  Miss a day or 2, and UTI.  Worked wonderful. "
"Been on it for 2 and a half years. It&#039;s great. Side effects none. Recommend it. I Love it."
"My doctor gave this dose pack have chronic bronchitis it help very little went to doctor again gave me the same thing I had this bronchitis for a month it&#039;s a little better but not gone now call doctor again third time got a office tomorrow this dose pack is junk send it back to India"
"After reading other reviews, I can&#039;t believe I haven&#039;t switched my birth control method. I have the same symptoms as follow (weight gain, so moody, I have never been so moody, increase vaginal discharge, constant headache, my fiance and I definitely feel the ring during intercourse). On the other hand, pros for the Nuvaring are (lighter and shorter periods, choosing when I start)."
"I promised I would write a review if it worked to ease the minds of those going through what I did. I had unprotected sex on the seventh day of my cycle, January 15 (2 days after my period ended, 2 days before I was supposed to be fertile, and a week before my predicted ovulation day). He claimed to have pulled out in time but I was paranoid so I took the pill 34 hours later. Four days later I had already experienced being bloated, having headaches, and feeling nauseated, not finishing my favorite foods. A week after I began spotting enough to fill half a panty liner, this lasted three days. The 25, I had been nauseous and vomited twice. My breast were also very tender for about three days. I became extremely emotional five days before my period due date, I would not stop crying and I was crying for no reason. I became really dizzy when I would stand up after being in bed for a few minutes. These may sound bad, but it was nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. Especially since I got my period the day it was due."
"I have had Skyla for a month now. Personal experience is that I have random period-like cramps that only last a few minutes or so and occasional spotting but nothing too serious. Period has always been regular like clockwork. I got Skyla inserted while menstruating. Next period came right on time and my normal 4 days but was so light I didn&#039;t even have to wear a tampon, just a thin pantyliner. Had some pretty ridiculous mood swings for the first week or two while adjusting to the hormones but it seems to have leveled out now. Recently, dry skin on my face and my boobs are fuller and ache sometimes because of it I guess. Sex drive through the roof. Hope this helps balance out the horror story reviews! Minor side effects but worth it overall."
"I have been taking this birth control for a few years now and have never had any issues with it other than my body getting used to it during the first month. I have mild cramps on my period, and my period usually only lasts about 2-3 days.. and it is also very light. I don&#039;t use tampons or pads on my period, only a panty liner is necessary. I gained no weight, had no mood swings, or any other side effects birth control normally gives. This has been the only birth control I&#039;ve ever taken, and I will continue to take it. My only issue with it is that I pay about 23 dollars a month for it (after insurance covers part of it), and I&#039;d like it to be cheaper as many of my friends have."
"After suffering in a very serious way from chronic neck and back pain for about 5 years, I was giving up.  I had no major injury, but small &quot;normal range&quot; disc ruptures protruding in my C5 and C7  with other old back injuries.  Fibromyalgia/Neuralgia.  I&#039;ve gone through multiple specialists, MRIs, physical therapists, chiropractors, and acupuncturists.  Some relief here and there, mostly with acupuncture and specific stretching.  Pain was horrible.  Finally after persistent research, I found what truly works for me:  Cymbalta (normal dose) with daily SAM-E and Malic Acid supplements.  It took about 2 months to fully work, but now I&#039;m virtually PAIN FREE.  Cannot thank God enough for this."
"I didn&#039;t realize all the stress that I had been under. I&#039;d actually experienced a panic attack for the first time at 23 while I was driving home from college.  I thought that I was going to die.  I was frightened by the entire experience.  I went to my doctor who prescribed me with the lowest dose of Xanax in addition to 20mg Prozac.  About three months later my doctor decided to increase my Prozac to 30mg.  I haven&#039;t needed Xanax for months, but I keep it on me where ever I go.  Xanax is so fast acting.  It calms my nerves instantly."
"Received my first injection in my &quot;worse&quot; knee this morning...after initial pain of injection, within a few hours, there was noticeable relief of pain, so much so that climbing stairs was a breeze - for that leg, anyway.  Can&#039;t wait to finish the cycle (total of 3 injections) and then have the &quot;better&quot; knee treated, too."
"I had a very bad expirence with Depo. I was on it for 6 months and bled for 6 months straight! What a nightmare! It also caused painful sex. I had terrible mood swings, and also gained weight. The only good thing about depo is you dont have to worry about taking it every day or month!"
"Been using for 2 years.  Overall, it does what it&#039;s supposed to. At 52 I was just feeling out of it.  Tired all the time, loss of energy, spare tyre weight gain, and some erectile dysfunction.  Tested at 278.  Started with shots, and AndroGel combined, then just AndroGel for the last year.  The shots were far more effective, and cheaper, but my T levels would go way up then way down before the next shot.  The gel keeps it steady.  I have lost a lot of waist line, don&#039;t need naps anymore, and sex life is back to what it was in my 30s."
"I can&#039;t say enough positive about this medicine. It&#039;s the type of medicine that saves marriages. With that said I got the rare side effect of pulmonary embolism. I am now on blood thinners to counteract this because I function so well on this medicine. "
"Celexa seems to be effective and works ok.  It picks me up in the morning and helps a little.  The effect lessens over time when I continued to take it.  I take Effexor on the side of that and it really works.  It&#039;s not powerful, it&#039;s mild but does lessen depression.  Not the best."
"On rare occasions when it put me to sleep it gave me a steady stream of mini, vivid nightmares that had me awaken to a  depression.  Sometimes I&#039;d have the steady, mini vivid dreams lucidly, always conscious and knowing what side I was lying on, and then drag through the next day exhausted.  But most of the time no sleep nor vivid dreams; nada.  But the worst thing about Belsomra is its constellation of side effects: stiff muscle tone with unexpected contractions and coordination problems, crazy-bad depression, irritability, confusion and memory problems.  Beware."
"I got the generic, of Mucenix DM. It has definitely cut down the congestion and the coughing which is great, but its made me extremely jittery. I hope this feeling wears off soon."
"I got this in July. I started my regular period when I got it inserted and my period escalated to soaking through a pad every 10 minutes. I took birth control pills to fix this. I bled for 2 months straight like a normal period. Now I always am spotting, some days heavy flow. I usually always feel crampy now. I gained 10 pounds within two weeks of having this, all in my stomach. I always have migraines. I get more pimples and am ALWAYS tired. I randomly get sad and angry for no reason.  Also my sex drive has been slowly but surely diminishing. I am keeping it only because it&#039;s keeping me baby free."
"5 years ago, after a pedicure gone wrong, i had one infected big toenail on my left foot.  I tried various topical antifungul products, vics vapor rub, Lamisil oral for over a year on and off, various essential oil blends, vinegar soaks and the list goes on and on.....  My nail practically turned black at one point!  I finally tried laser treatments (four) w/ some minor success.  My podiatrist said I may as well try Jublia.  While it has a pretty low success rate (i think like 17 or 18%?) my insurance covered it completely (8 mL bottle).  Almost instantly i was noticing positive results.  After about 6 months, my nail is pretty much clear!  I am on the third bottle (this one cost $35, but the first two were totally free). Thankful it worked"
"This drug has caused edema in the lower legs since I have been using it, very painful when I put a finger for pressure on my skin from the knees down to the feet. I am considering going off this medication."
"I have been taking Lamictal for the last 2 years, its amazing and life changing! Very little side effects, besides weight gain for a lack of words, losing weight seems to be impossible for me, and I workout 5 days a week, so for that reason, I&#039;m looking to see what else is out there. 
If by chance you are reading this and looking for something to help, this is IT! Really!"
"This medicine works extremely well!  I tried quitting multiple times in the past.  The key to quitting is to really want to in the first place.  I was just feeling run down smoking and it became harder to do with the restrictions at my workplace.  So I told myself this is it - I either do this and stick with it, or I might as well just smoke for the rest of my life.  I&#039;ve been on Champix for 10 weeks.  I only cheated once earlier on - bummed one of my wife&#039;s cigarettes - so not worth it.  Remember if you do cheat, you&#039;re just re-introducing nicotine into your system and having to withdrawal all over again.  NOTE:  If you have high blood pressure - DO NOT take Champix.  My wife took it and had high BP and her BP rose to unsafe level."
"Mixed 10 mg first night with Seroquel and l
Lyrica slept but felt sedated next day and groggy."
"I recently switched from Atenolol to Lisinopril and I feel much better.  No more dizziness and my BP is great 120/78.  The only thing is that after a few weeks I developed a dry cough.  It&#039;s just been a few days but I might contact my doctor about it soon.  I thought it was allergies but now I think it&#039;s the lisinopril."
"It works like a charm. Thank you doxycycline."
"As you see I gave the effectiveness a 10 (I didn&#039;t get pregnant anytime)! I had regular periods (4-5 days and no irregular bleeding) and no mood swings, however I did always feel a lot hungrier but I didn&#039;t gain any weight and I would experience very frequent terrible headaches. Other than that I would recommend this pill plus everyone is different so just because I had headaches don&#039;t mean you will."
"I&#039;ve just started using Levemir Flextouch.  I only use it at bedtime.  Morning. sugars are 278 or higher.  I&#039;m up to 60 units so I&#039;m concerned."
"I got this birth control in November 2014. I definitely DON&#039;T recommend it! yeah, it stops you from becoming pregnant, but it made me have bad mood swings, worse depression than I already had, my stomach is always hurting and I&#039;ve been on my period for a rind 2 months now. I would stop for a day and it will start back up the next. I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds since I got it! I have NO energy ever! and b12 don&#039;t help neither. oh and I&#039;m never happy. I can&#039;t get myself to be happy unless I&#039;m with my daughter and sometimes the small things she does makes me have another mood swing. I just don&#039;t recommend this!"
"I have been on Arimidez for a little over 4 months.  Other than a little bit of hot flashes I have had no side effects at all."
"Its been a life saver for me. I have lost 61 pds since I started using Invokana. I love it. I just wish it was more affordable. I am almost at my goal weight. I look and feel great."
"I tried to take beyaz again which was the only birthcontrol I liked ever. My insurance refuses to cover it, so I figured a yaz generic would be similiar enough. I FIRMLY BELIEVE WHATS IN THIS GENERIC IS NOT AT ALL THE SAME AS THE ORIGINAL. How could the same exact medicine affect me so negatively. I took this for two weeks and felt like I was physically having a panic attack all the time. I got this to help me during my hardest time of period. (right before I get it) and spent these past two weeks losing my mind. I do not even believe the positive reviews on this site are legitimate. I was tired, hungry, nauseous and  unable to do my daily tasks. No sex drive. I tried taking it at night to combat these negative things. No escape. Don&#039;t take it"
"Love this. Cleared my skin up, made my period so light and my cramps disappear. I was a bit moody for the first month, but that went away."
"I have been taking Armour Thryroid 60 mg/day for about 9 months and some of my symptoms of Hypothyroidism improved, however my (Jan 2012) lab tests suggested I was still low.  My doctor doubled the dose to 120 mg/day.  In the past, I occasionally noticed some small pimples in the area of my lower lip and chin but after two weeks on the higher dose, I started &quot;blooming&quot; all over my face and neck. I looked like I was suffering from a case of measles or severe acne. My doctor advised me to immediately stop the Armour.  I have read a number if reports of people experiencing the same or similar allergic reaction to the changed Armour formula."
"I was in bed for a year with PHN pain from shingles. I am now taking Gabapentin and I now have my life back.  It is a wonderful drug."
"I just started Trinessa but so far it&#039;s been good I used to have really bad nausea before and during my period really bad cramps and my period was 7 days long and extra heavy. I started Trinessa the day I started my period and there was a change right from the start. The moodiness I encountered during my period was gone, my period was lighter, my cramps albeit the first day they were there they were significantly weaker. The only down side to this is before I started I had clear skin didn&#039;t get pimples or zits nothing but after I started this I got a couple pimples. Also after I take this pill it leaves an after taste in my mouth and it makes me a tad bit lightheaded right after taking it and I have to drink some juice."
"Works great with stimulants, but increases heart rate."
"This is good stuff. I can breath!"
"Omg I have been on Fexofenodine for over two years and for at least as long I thought my insomnia was perimenopausal but since I have ceased taking it my sleep has come back, call it coincidence but this has aged me and I will never fully be able to repair the damage it has done to me through lack of sleep. I will just use Loratadine in future no more bad nights for me."
"I had my implant for two years just had it removed couldn&#039;t take it anymore. It made me feel awful I constantly was buying tampons, liners, and pads all I done was bleed. I felt bloated all the time, and stayed tired all I wanted to do is sleep also was not sexually active at all, also horrible back pain and gained almost 40 pounds. But since I had it removed within a week and a half lost 8 pounds and feel way better not tired at all and sexually active again I wouldn&#039;t recommend this for anyone...."
"Started this drug ten days ago for OAB Syndrome . Now have urine retention grrr"
"I have been on Victoza for 2 weeks now and lost 4 lbs, the nausea was slight but I took the injection at night which helped. The needles feel like a mosquito bite!!
Cant wait to see how much more I lose, and my sugars are much better levels,,"
"I am 49 yrs old, had cystic acne all my adult life. My dermatologist put me on Acanya 5 months ago and my skin looks the best it ever had.  My co-workers all think I am wearing makeup.  Have such large pores and they are shrinking too. No peeling, I guess because I have oily skin.  But as an African American woman, I didn&#039;t think I would ever find anything that would successfully help my skin. I am so grateful.  It just takes patience!"
"Zanaflex was working well for my lower back which has been an issue since a car accident in Oct of 2013. This has progressed to a point where I am waiting for an M.R.I.  During the last 3 months I have been dealing with spasms in my left leg that went from annoying and limiting my ability to move around slightly to full blown, unbelievably painful leg spasms.  The medication is no longer working.   I am going to call my doctor on Monday and ask about Soma since it seems to have a much better score when it comes to stopping spasms."
"I was recently put on Wellbutrin by the College&#039;s psychiatrist.  I just started it yesterday and I feel great.  The things that I used to dwell are not on my mind.  I woke up early this morning for work, and I never do that.  I smiled today and I feel like having new adventures and not concentrating on things that make me upset.  I am sure there will be better days to come and I am so excited."
"I was diagnosed with severe headaches at the age of three. My doctors concluded I was born with severe headaches and was finally able to explain my pain at age three. I have been taking Midrin since 1988 and I thank my doctor for prescribing it. Every time a new Headache medicine came out I tried it, none of them did anything to relieve my pain ever. Yes, narcotic medicines help to lessen the pain until the pain ceases. Midrin is the only medicine I have ever taken that actually repairs the problem. I take 2 Midrin and a Flexeril at the onset, or as soon as I can and one Midrin every hour to a maximum of 5 in a 24 hour period until the I feel relief coming on. Midrin has never failed me, ever."
"After suffering most of my life from all the issues related to Irritable Bowel Syndrome, gas, diarrhea, chronic constipation, I have finally found I have a normal life with little or no gas, no more constipation, and rare loose stools.  But for anyone who has ever suffered from constipation, having loose stools is a welcome trade off.  Thank you Linzess."
"I have used this since the first tests for its use in treating bipolar and it has worked and never lost its ability to help stabilize my moods (I have tried other medicines with significantly less success)."
"Took this medication to aid in an effort to stop smoking. Stopped taking it after 4 days due to excessive side effects; headache, nausea, insomnia, blurred vision, ringing in the ears, constipation, indigestion."
"I have been on Lo Loestrin for about 2 months. The first month I was on it my period was for like 8 days. It was light, though haven&#039;t gotten it yet this month. I really like it so far feel better not so crappy all the time. I would recommend this to everyone."
"Great for my son, the only thing that really helps."
"I have been taking this for a year now and I think it&#039;s wonderful. I haven&#039;t had a cyst rupture since I&#039;ve been on it. I&#039;ve had four ovarian cysts rupture and I&#039;m only 18, they started when I was 14. I have been on 5 different birth controls and this is by far the best."
"I&#039;ve been using Lumigan for about 12 years. Of all the different drops out there (and I&#039;ve tried them all), Lumigan is the most effective at reducing my IOP. I also currently use Alphagan and Timoptic. Side effects, for me, include some redness and dryness of the eyes, darkening of the skin around the eyes, and longer eyelashes. My eyes were quite dark to begin with so I can&#039;t comment on the darkening of the iris Lumigan and other drops in its class are known for."
"I took it as instructed, drank even more water than prescribed and it did not work well.  Nothing happened after 1st packet and had some BM after second, but it did not clean me out enough according to my dr.  Loved the taste and small amount to drink."
"I had sex the day before my period and the condom broke. We immediately went to purchase the emergency contraception. The next day I went to Planned Parenthood to see if I should also purchase Ella. The doctor told me since I was a little above the weight for Plan B, I should take Ella also as a backup. The symptoms I received was Nausea, Fatigue, Excruciating Headaches.. And about a week or so after taking the pills, I received a horrible case of a yeast infection. Causing me to go running back to Planned Parenthood to get a prescription for Yet another pill. 3 weeks after taking Plan B, my cycle had finally came (4 days earlier than usual) and it was extremely light. The next week (today), to be safe, I took 2 ClearBlue Plus pregnancy test and they were both Negative!!!!!!!"
"I have been taking Paxil for over 1 year. I tried Prozac, did not like it, made me feel out of control. I tried Celexa still felt depression. I take 20 mg of Paxil every night before bedtime since I feel this medicine makes me sleepy and relaxed. I usually sleep very good. I don&#039;t have that weird feeling of anxiety anymore. I feel relaxed and can see life in a realistic prospective. My mood is good not bad or great but okay. I cry only a few times a month specially during my PMS time, so I really think this is good medicine for me. I can go on everyday with little negative thoughts and usually can block them out and change my thoughts. So yes I like it, I do feel a bit numb at times so I will seek doctor&#039;s advice, but overall it is has been a great experience."
"I used alesse for a few months and had a lot of trouble with it. I was extremely moody, depressed and felt like a completely different person. Even my mother noticed a huge change. I was crying all the time and overwhelmed. When I told my doctor he took me off alesse and started me on Tri-Cyclen Lo. I noticed a change immediately and I am still using Tri-Cyclen. It&#039;s easy to blame mood swings and being upset on other parts of your life, but for me it was ongoing and I knew it wasnt normal for me. Glad I got off of it when I did!"
"I have been taking TriPrevifem for about 7 months now and no complaints whatsoever. After the second month of taking Tri-Previfem my period has definitely done a 360* and regulates monthly now. I haven&#039;t felt on edge and I have lost weight as well as going down a cup size on my breasts. It&#039;s a great pill, but know the tablet can vary in side effects depending what your body can handle. FYI: definitely research on your own as well as talking with your primary doctor!"
"Nuvaring was great----while it was in! Once it was time to take it out, I had the most unbelievably horrible period I&#039;ve ever had! Bad enough that I almost asked my husband to take me to the hospital. I was in excrutiating pain for 2 days, and very uncomfortable for an additional 2 (which is weird because my period is normally 2 days long)."
"Five years ago I went to the Doctor complaining of chest pains.  She said it was GERD.  I believed her, since I often overeat - and at night.  &quot;Take one Prilosec a day.&quot;  So I did.  For a year I was fine - then it started not to work.  I went to the Doctor.  &quot;Take two a day.&quot;  

That set off an internal alarm.  What would she say next year?  So I read up on PPI&#039;s and said to myself, &quot;No.&quot;  I experimented with the &#039;dines&#039; and Ranitidine is by far the best for me. I don&#039;t take it everyday, often substituting Tums or Mylanta or whatever.  I try not to eat too much, try not to eat after 5PM.  If I&#039;m going to a restaurant for dinner, I take a Ranitidine ten minutes or so before I eat.  "
"Ativan is great for anxiety flare-ups; especially when breathing or alternative methods won&#039;t cut it. However, certain manufacturers make their pills slightly differently and some seem to be more sedating and then I feel out of it. I wish there wasn&#039;t a price war for the least expensive medication so the pharmacy would stick to one brand. Even the generic isn&#039;t working to control my anxiety right now. When my pharmacy carries the right brand, it works perfectly for those fear and flee moments that I can&#039;t get under control."
"This medicine works great as a rescue drug although the delivery system is difficult to use."
"I&#039;ve had vertigo for three years now due to a head injury.  This cause inner ear damage and I have chronic dizzy spells.  I have tried every medication out there and was introduce to Xanax at a Urgent Care Clinic.  BINGO!  Finally, I found something that works.  It also the only medication that helps me sleep.  I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it.  Addicting but at least I can make it better with Xanax."
"Once you start pristiq you&#039;re on it for the rest of your life, and what&#039;s worst, you need to up your dose every year. It&#039;s a nightmare. You can never quit it, not even gradually. Withdrawal or refusal to increase your dose will destroy you. Avoid it."
"Excess fluid was aspirated from my knee prior to SynViscOne injection.  My doctor informed me that numbing was not recommended.  Aspiration and injection were not very painful at all - just the initial &quot;pinch.&quot;  Swelling was minimal but pain lasted almost a week.  10 days into it, knee is feeling much better.  I would do this again."
"I woke up with the worst pain last night and my mom told me to take Bactrim and it worked with in 15 minutes.  I have had many problems with my kidneys and taking this makes me feel great."
"To make a long story short. I was exalted with this weight loss journey on my own. After being fed up and knowing that I was in the season of Fall with Thanksgiving 3 weeks away, I needed a solution. Therefore, I took it upon myself on 11/04/14 at my appointment with my Endocrinologist to request a pharmaceutical pill that would aide my weight loss and BMI of 40. He gave me two options and I went with Qsymia. Thank God it was a free two week trial! Four days later, I can say I am 10 lbs lighter. Ladies and gentlemen, please do understand results may vary."
"Too many side effects leg cramps, going to the bathroom all the time, tired. Just didn&#039;t feel right. Worked great on my blood pressure 181/101 down to 135/65 but going to try something different."
"I have been on it for 3 months now. No breakthrough bleeding at all. Short light period. Have had a few more headaches but nothing Advil won&#039;t take care of. Great results with this pill. A lot less moody than with other pills."
"This birth control is the best. No weight gain it makes my breasts a lot fuller and no bad side effects. I would recommend it to everyone out there. Just make sure you eat right when you are on it, meaning healthy and plenty of fluids."
"I am now in my third month of using Minastrin 24 Fe, the first time I&#039;ve been on the pill in four years. Aside from a random day in the first month that I was extremely emotional and two weeks out of month two when I spotted constantly, I haven&#039;t had any other noticeable side effects. My weight has been constant and my mood the same. I don&#039;t have any real complaints other than the adjustment period being pretty awful."
"Love it after the first week. 5mg a day. Lots of energy and losing weight. No more racing heart. Much more relaxed at work and home. Not for everyone but helped me."
"This product seemed to work for my nasal congestion but it made me EXTREMELY sleepy. I have never experienced drowsiness with Sudafed or its generic. I took one 30mg Nexafed pill at 8 pm and I actually had to take 2.5 hours off of work in the morning because I could not function! I didn&#039;t feel myself again until 10 am. I suppose if I took the medication very early in the evening, I might be able to wake up in the morning. But having young children, I must be present for nighttime routines and I can never guarantee that my sleep will not be interrupted. For now, Nexafed simply will not work for me. I will be returning it to the pharmacy and will have to find a new pharmacy to shop from as my mine is currently only carrying this new product."
"Topamax helps tremendously with mixed bipolar and rapid cycling. However I was an athlete at the time, rode cycling and a psychiatric nurse, I went from 120 to 105.  This was not a bad experience for me. 

My manager illegally pulled me in her office and told me, granted she is not even an RN and told me I had anorexia and an eating disorder and illegally
discriminated against me to stop me from working with eating disordered patients.

My doctor even told her I was normal and healthy, just solid muscle.

PS. Have you ever seen a serious road cyclist have an ounce of fat on them?

"
"Well I have seen my husband going down and down further this past year after our second child, we needed a change before our marriage was over. He was taking Percocet 30mg 4-5 a day. Suboxone has helped so much. Just after a month he is back in our lives."
"I took Tamiflu within 7 hours of developing a fever.  I had full flu symptoms including headache, body aches, chills, fever even while on ibuprofen.  About two hours after taken first dose of tamiflu Fever broke and body aches subsided... I went from feeling like I would die to just a bit fatigued.  I had absolutely no issue with nasaeau- but I was having nausea due to fever before taking tamiflu.  Miracle drug!"
"First dose was early afternoon, 2nd dose was at 7pm. Dosage is 1-100mg tablet after a meal 3 times a day for 2 days. Woke from a bad dream. Have tried to go back to sleep several times but dream reoccurs."
"Thought this med was my answer! I have severe allergies which I am congested all day and makes it hard to sleep at night . This med cleared me up and  helped me sleep at night But by the 2nd refill I became irritable, emotional  and so moody ! I snapped at people and started having freaky dreams! I took myself off of it even thought it worked for the allergies it wasn&#039;t worth it! When I saw my doc and told her she shook her head and said &quot;that&#039;s odd I never heard of it doing that &quot;but what I read here validates my experiences! Still can&#039;t find Anything that works the way it it did for my allergies!"
"So let me first explain that I got this implant because I&#039;m overseas for long periods of time and was sick of paying for pills in bulk (insurance wouldn&#039;t cover more than 3 months). Overall my experience has been AMAZING. I&#039;m not understating this. The insertion? Yes, that was a little uncomfortable, and the recovery was pretty intense (and I have I high pain tolerance), but it was worth it. Now, I&#039;m usually the body type that with either stress or working out a lot (I&#039;m talking about insanity or marathon training) I don&#039;t get my period. But, I&#039;ve been working out normally and with minimal stress have not gotten my period. I repeat...after the initial period...I have not received a period in 2 months. This implant is amazing."
"I started on Bupropion about 3 weeks ago. On day 1 I had more energy and felt happy; I even didn&#039;t feel like smoking-the urge was decreased a lot. By day 10, I was down from 2-3 packs a week to 1 pack or less a week. I switched to brand Wellbutrin XL and even though my cravings were nonexistent on Bupropion, the brand name drug, Wellbutrin didn&#039;t curb the cravings as much. I also noticed my energy level decrease a lot. I&#039;m going back to Bupropion because I literally smoked the few cigarettes I went down to purely out of habit because I had no cravings at all. It was amazing how quickly it worked. For me, the purple generic pill worked like a charm, and my mood improved  significantly.  I wish I had known about this 9 yrs ago!!!!"
"Had a terrible hacking uncontrollable at times embarrassing cough for 8 weeks was put on 4 different scripts, finally after none of them worked, I was put on prednisone. I took my first dose around noon today, it&#039;s now 8pm and the cough is gone. I also have Plantar Fasciatis I&#039;m sitting here amazed that the heel pain is totally gone and I&#039;m able to walk pain free. I know it&#039;s benefits will be short lived with the heel pain but at this point I&#039;ll take any relief I can get."
"Xenical is great!! On 3 months I lost 30 pounds , never gain it back!!! I&#039;m doing it again , my goal is 30 or 40 more.
Side effects....true , but you lear how to handle it!!"
"I started taking this pill for severe menstrual cramps  (I&#039;ve had to take a lot of  ibuprofen daily to manage the pain) and to hopefully decrease the amount of clots I was passing (sorry...TMI...I know!) throughout my period which were very large, numerous, and painful. I am very pleased with the results.! After only one month the clotting and PMS symptoms have significantly decreased, the cramps are manageable, and I was able to function like a &quot;normal&quot; person at work on my cycle. I was apprehensive about Estarylla birth control of all of the bad reviews, but it has been a lifesaver for me! Sticking with this pill forever and ever! Amen!"
"I was prescribed this for a sinus infection twice. First time was last year. It worked and I felt better in about five days. However I had nausea and a nasty taste in my mouth every time I took it. This year it was prescribed for the same thing. I still have the sinus infection, and the side effects were worse. My doctor chose this drug because I am allergic to sulfa drugs."
"I wouldn&#039;t even rate this oral contraceptive as high as 1 out of 10. I was prescribed this by my doctor for birth control as well as issues with P.M.S.. THIS MEDICATION IS HORRIBLE. Upon starting it my depression was off the charts, I was so irritable that people closest to me asked, &quot;why am I so miserable?&quot;, I had acne breakouts, which I have not had since the age of 15, so 12 years later &amp; not sexy out breaks. My sex drive went to zero. INSOMNIA constantly.. When I did get my period Jeezus, heavy flow, fatigue, fever like feeling/hard time getting out of bed and functioning, and cramps worse than without being on this med. The PMS IS HORRIBLE. This website won&#039;t let me write more. Hair loss as well. 4 periods a month is not worth this med"
"I have suffered for years without finding a medication that works.  I finally found Relpax and now swear by it!  This work great!!"
"I battle depression, anxiety &amp; severe insomnia also allergies. Knocked me out cold &amp; my allergies seemed under control anxiety a little better. Problem I couldn&#039;t shake being extremely tired the next day. All I could do was sleep which doesn&#039;t help with depression."
"Rated subjectively from patient assessment s/p administration"
"I got a nasty flu virus when I was 32. During that time, I experienced my first migraine. It hurt so bad!  Afterwards..I kept getting them about once every one-two weeks. My doctor put me on nortriptyline. I have had one dose increase in the first year. Since then I don&#039;t them as much.  When I need to take it..it calms me and I fall asleep.  
The next day,I  get the migraine hang over..that&#039;s when I take ibuprofen. The medication has been a life saver"
"I have had a yeast infection for 5-6 days and was using Monistat until yesterday when I called &amp; got a script for 2 Diflucan150! Took the first one yesterday morning &amp; not much change at all this morning. Will take the second one tomorrow morning &amp; pray it works. I had nor had a yeast infection for at least 10 years. No side effects &amp; drinking lots of water. Having gall bladder surgery on Friday &amp; want this cleared up prior to surgery. Sorry to say the docs offices are not a lot of help. So what else is new???"
"I&#039;ve reached out to plan b 3 times, the last one i took was about 3 years ago so it definitely works! I have no kids. After the last one i took i still went later to get a PT (which of course came out -) but the nurse told me to try and not take these pills anymore if in the future i wanted kids, not because it would be impossible but it would make it a bit harder for me to conceive. . so here i am, been 7 months TTC and nothing, it might be me who knows but i always think about what the nurse told me... plan b&#039;s are great when you think you need them but dont make them a habit.."
"My acne got worse in my mid 20s and after trying every tip I could find I finally decided to go to the doctor and he gave me tretinoin . After several research&#039;s I found out that things might get worse in the beginning. And indeed things got worse after a few weeks and I broke out terribly, I cried when I looked in the mirror but I thought &ldquo;just stick with it&rdquo; and trust me its worth it! I know its really hard but when its over its getting better and better (took me 3-4 months to see first results). Also don&#039;t pick because you will have a giant wound after it. Good thing about that; I am not picking anymore :) ! I I also use BP in the morning and zinc, after 11 months I&rsquo;m now getting compliments for my flawless skin! Don&#039;t give up its worth it"
"I have had Fibromyalgia for 11 years and had Amitriptyline for it, last week I started with shingles and left me with Neuropathic stabbing ice pick pain in my head/neck, yesterday the doctor said try Gabapentin starting dose 300g but not with Amitriptaline, reluctantly after reading the side effects I took a pill as I haven&#039;t slept for 6 nights and was at my wits end. I took it at 9pm I went to bed 11pm experienced leg jerking for a few minutes a strange tingling feeling all over, and excessive gas, then I must have fallen asleep I had been asleep 6 hours :) no shooting pains every 30 seconds no restless legs, I&#039;m going to give this a go as first impressions to me on just one dose has been a relief/blessing and worth a try."
"I&#039;m using this for bcc. My areas were small to begin with. I am on week 6 and was instructed to use it 5 times a week. I&#039;ve used a very small amount and I haven&#039;t had severe side effects. My lymph nodes have been swollen a few times. I make sure to wash the areas, let it dry, wash my hands and apply. I have always washed it off 8 hours later. I&#039;ve also avoided getting in the sun. The areas haven&#039;t disappeared yet and I&#039;m not sure what they should look like at this point."
"After starting this birth control I had the amazing side effect of no period for six months. After that six month grace period had ended, I began to get my period once every two weeks, sometimes more depending on how often I had sex. Also, it became a lot easier for me to gain weight once I had this implant. I gained 20 lbs in one year and am still working on losing it. My mood swings have been all over the board and I find myself feeling depressed and anxious more often than not."
"You will read all the bad things about Accutane, but the bottom line is IT WORKS! I had horrible painful acne in my early 20&#039;s, that lasted through my 30&#039;s. It was depressing, I avoided picture taking all together. Yes the side effects can be bothersome, but it is temporary and if you plan ahead and purchase a tub of Aquaphor you can deal with it. "
"This birth control is a near traumatic experience. I have gained 30lbs. I have had this implanted in my arm since 2013. On top of the weight issue I have experienced constant bleeding, emotional ups and downs, and a fire cracker temperament. I&#039;ve set up appointments but the timing has been poor considering I have just gotten out of the military, moved across the country and moved into a new house. I did however manage to start using the nueva ring and it did however help a lot with maintaining the current weight and with 1 1/2 hrs of gym time a day was working to get down to a happier weight. Recently I have ran out of the nueva ring and even with so much time in the gym it&#039;s like a gained 5 lbs in my sleep. Working on getting it removed"
"Hello everyone, I got my explanon on 7/27/15. Almost a year. I thought it be amazing to get. But now I&#039;m getting g this thing removed. I have really bad mood swings. This thing has made me gain weight. I haven&#039;t really changed my diet. I feel like this thing makes you go insane. Your like bi polar on it, but your not. I can&#039;t even. Stand myself. I&#039;m making my husband upset the way I act. This explanon is not something anyone show up In there body. It put to much hormones in your body. That&#039;s why it causes emotional imbalance."
"Suprep is much better than the prep I used 6 years ago. At 6 pm the first dose went down pretty easily. I chilled the prep in the fridge and added room temp bottled water. Didn&#039;t want it too cold cause I wanted to be able to chug it. The taste not too bad. I drank 32oz water chaser within 2-3 mins and felt pretty bloated, as expected after drinking a total of 48oz. Within 30 mins or so I was &quot;Taking the Browns to the Super Bowl&quot;. Pretty steady for about 2hrs or so then it tapers off. No nausea, no headache, however I did have chills for about 1hr. 4am, round two was harder to get down. Couldn&#039;t chug it like I did on the first round. It took probably 10 mins including the 32oz chaser. 2nd round kicks in quicker, 100% fluid. Colonoscopy is EZ"
"I initially went on it for depression. It worked great. But years had passed and everyday was the same I was never moving forward. I was forgetting a lot of things. I&#039;m in my 30s I felt as if I was in my 70s when it came to memory. The ability to converse normally decreased over time. I would forget at-least 2 words every few sentences and I would forget obligations and functions. When I went off of it my room was clean for the 1st time my car was clean for the 1st time and for the 1st time I wasn&#039;t craving stimulants. I feel alive again.... 3 months off Latuda"
"Diagnosed with hypothyroidism, hypoglycemia, and POS.  I had classic symptoms for over the last 20 yrs (excessive hair growth (most embarrassing), fertility issues, and obesity). I could not loose weight no matter what I did. Only the last 7 yrs, have I received good medical care such as working with a nutritionist. With Synthroid increase to 150 mg over those 7 yrs, some symptoms got better but not the weight. I tried Contrave nervously. It took me a long time to get to the full dose, but the effects have been great: I&#039;ve lost 20 lbs slowly, my extremities are not as cold (I can eat salad in the winter), my inflammation, energy, and depression has improved significantly.  I am sure some of this is the result of loosing weight."
"I went on Prozac several months ago after having been severely depressed for over a year straight (with a few days here and there of hypomania). It&#039;s made a huge difference! I&#039;m only on 20 milligrams but I am a lot less depressed and more productive than I was. The only downside is that I am still having some bad mood swings, but overall it has helped my depression a lot."
"I&#039;ve only been on this pill for about a week and every morning I&#039;d wake up with a headache I caught myself always having an attitude and when im alone I&#039;d just cry for no reason I wouldn&#039;t take this pill"
"This medicine can help many people for very short use I&#039;ve been on it for 4 years and it rules my life so please don&#039;t stay on it more than 15 days or you will to be bit by the dragon Ive been off it by choice 5 days now I&#039;ve experienced super withdrawal effects I was only taking 2mg at jump point with doc on call and my brother helping me through it so please use this very short term there are serious side effects"
"I have been on Trulicity for 4 weeks. Had been in the hospital for a week on heavy antiboitics.  Was taking 5 insulin shots a day  and 2 Levimir and 3 Novalog before meals on a sliding scale with no luck.  Morning blood sugars still in the high 200&#039;s to 300&#039;s even with a super strick diet. Nothing but protein and vegetables. Got one shot in the doctors office 1.5 dose and my sugar level was 116. I have had no side effects so far except for a minor loss of appetite.  Now on .75 dose and levels run around 120s. Worry about long term use..I go off it for a week and levels creep back up."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for over a year now and overall like it. I started it to get rid of my acne, I had acne on my face, chest, and back. Aviane cleared up some of my back, and my chest is completely clear but it did not affect my face. On the plus side, I did not gain weight, but I do experience a lot of mood swings. I&#039;ve noticed it is MUCH easier to cry or get upset now. A couple of months ago I started using it to prevent pregnancy as well and for that I haven&#039;t had any problems."
"I am new to the anxiety realm, and have already tried a few different meds (xanax, ativan, buspar) and so far buspar has shown the most promise. However, even on buspar I still experience sporadic chest pressure, sharp pains in the chest, brain buzz, and muscle twitches. Today the chest issues were so bad that I had to take a xanax.

I am typically against prescribed meds, and this is really the first time in my life taking them. The side effects and other dangers scare the crap out of me, but I need to figure out how to subdue my anxiety.

Does anyone have any suggestions?"
"I was  taking suboxone for about a year in a half I found new Dr. They gave me Bunavail 4.2 twice a day I get 60 a month and I split it with my lady we both take 1 a day. We are good I love the taste of them compared to subs I don&#039;t like the subs. I was prescribed 2x a day for subs too and I did the same sharing so same effect with the medicine. I&#039;m blessed and happy loving life Day by day...."
"This has saved my life. I was on Levothyroxine for 8 years, and it didn&#039;t help my fatigue, pain, insomnia, or weight. I&#039;ve been on WP thyroid for 5 month and have lost 36 pounds and am no longer at risk for diabetes, and feel like a new person. I still struggle with depression and anxiety, but I feel this medication is amazing."
"After swimming at the beach then walking round wet yesterday - today woke up with a YI sucks to be a girl sometimes hate the symptoms horrible so I got monistat 1 and it worked awesome --- such relief"
"I have been taking Dilantin since late 1991. Started off at 300mg nightly and was increased over time to 400mg when fits became more severe anf frequent. While pregnant with my 3rd child in 2007, dose was increased to 500mg nightly. This dose was never dropped back after pregnancy ended. In June 2011, I underwent brain surgery to have the scarring causing my fits removed. So far, it has been successful. At 22, I had 2 lumps removed from my left breast, which thankfully turned out to be non-cancerous. But after finding a very noticeable lump in my left breast this year, I had a mammogram. The nurse found 22 lumps in total in both breasts! My GP is not concerned and tells me they are just little oil sacks, but lump is not shrinking."
"I was referred to get on birth control because of my abnormal menstrual cycle. At first I was on Orthocyclen Lo and after a year, decided that I didn&#039;t want to be on birth control anymore as I never remembered to take the pill. I then didn&#039;t have a period for about 5 months and finally it returned to my normal 7 day cycle. The next month it was on for a whole month before I decided to go back to my doctors office because it was driving me insane! They then suggested that I take LoSeasonique. I just finished my first pack, but I don&#039;t like this pill at all. I feel AWFUL each and everyday! I have really bad stomach pain and I constantly feel like I have to vomit. Please let me know if anyone else is experiencing these symptoms!"
"So many people on here saying how bad it is or was early on. Soolantra takes time but it works. The cycles are flare at 3,6 ,9weeks. The die off cycles of the mites mean that it will get worse but just stick with it. And reap rewards."
"This worked well for my depression and anxiety too, but I was pretty zoned out on it. I slept a lot and struggled with withdrawing from it. Brain zaps for about two weeks while I was trying to sleep. It wasn&#039;t fun."
"I am a 21 years old, healthy young girl. I was on YAZ for 8 months before noticing any changes, all was well. One day I noticed a deep blue vein on my inner calf and thought nothing of it.  Today I currently have spider veins and countless thick veins from my feet to thigh. I have countless days where I am in so much pain I do not want to get out of bed, my legs burn and ache to the point where I am in tears. I currently have to wear compression socks for the rest of my life and even with the socks and elevating my feet I am still in pain, I have to have constant Dr appointment to monitor for DVT, (deep vein thrombosis) this is all because of YAZ. My entire life is impacted because of YAZ I have to take ASA everyday now. I will never recommend YAZ"
"I&#039;m 44 years old so not sure if it was the pill that indeed resulted in the negative pregancy test.  First, I ALWAYS practice safe sex and even go over board in making sure its put on properly, etc. So you can only imagine how surprised and devastated  I was when he withdrew and told me what happened. I immediately went in panic mode because I barely even knew this guy. He was very nice and very supportive through it all though. I took Plan B about 4 hours after the incident. It was 14 days from the first day of my last period so I most likely I was ovulating. I did have some side effects but none were listed on the box so may not have been from Plan B.  I had a stiff neck for 3 days and very vivid dreams on the 3rd and 4th day. That&#039;s it!"
"I get a cold sore every one to two years. I&#039;ve tried home remedies and haven&#039;t had much luck. It was my first time using Abreva yesterday. Felt the cold sore coming on in the morning around 5am. I made a trip to the store after a 9 hour work day. Thought I would give it a try as it was the most expensive. I applied it immediately when I got into the car and every 2 hours after that. By 10pm it had already blistered and started to decrease in size. I&#039;ve applied it three more times today and by 1pm you could barely notice it. Abreva knocked out my cold sore like boss!"
"Had beautiful skin. Spent life caring for it. Developed light flushing as side effect from antibiotics. Went to derm (as recommended online). Derm prescribed mirvaso. With 1st use it completely destroyed my life. My skin went dead pale &amp; my ears turned hot &amp; red (didn&#039;t apply it to ears). 48 hours later entire face turned red (did not apply it to entire face). Face began developing a rash getting worse and worse for 3 months. For 3 months have had a severe flushing disorder induced by Mirvaso (not better yet). All food caused flushing. Have health problems from weight loss. On a strict diet (there are 21 foods I am able to eat). Can&#039;t lie down. Lost job. Nerve pain in nose, jaw, gums,  lips, eyes, ears. Burning soap in eyes feeling"
"This medication is the only thing that managed to keep me functional as a human being. Panic attacks, and severe depression...this seems to do the trick for both problems, and does wonder for my IBS as well! I have started and stopped multiple times (usually just because of the &quot;I feel fine, why bother with it?&quot; syndrome) but the last time, the doctor told me, &quot;Consider yourself like a diabetic; they need insulin because their body doesn&#039;t regulate it correctly. You need this because your brain doesn&#039;t regulate serotonin correctly. Don&#039;t feel ashamed! The choice is to lie around and do nothing all day because you hate pills, or take the pills and live your life.&quot;  Effexor XR allows me to live normally."
"I took this medicine for an acute bladder infection and the 3rd dose something happened. I went into a panic attack, had shortness of breath, was hyperventilating and my stomach was killing me so I was racing back to the ER and I was hallucinating. I kept seeing people jump out in front of me WHILE driving but there was no one there, it was dark but not too dark but I made it to the ER and I got in right away just from having a panic attack and hyperventilating. I have NO idea where this side effect came from it was the weirdest, scariest thing ever so the Doctor gave me Cipro which makes you feel awful. "
"ive been taking campral for 3 years off and on i keep drinking for the first week then i just dont want it anymore and if i do have a drink i lose intrest right away like in 3 beers just dont want the booze but theres a catch as soon as i stop taking the pills the cravings come back might have to take the stuff for life but its better than being in the hospital all the time"
"I have been on Aviane for 4 years now and only recently went off of it for about 6 months to try the DEPO shot. I have had zero issues with it up until going back ON it after the interm. I am very sensitive to hormones, and the DEPO shot was not for me (crying, mood swings, feeling off). I even was switched to Lutera two years ago when the pharmacy was out of Aviane and I immediately noticed the difference with mood swings, sadness, and vaginal sensitivity).  For the first month back on Aviane I didnt notice a huge difference, but this second month I am thinking I am sleeping more, gaining some weight, and feeling off. I am also having extreme bouts of nausea. I am going to discontinue and hope that alleviates some of my symptoms."
"Stendra is the best! Fast acting, reliable and works great. Stendra works! My sex life has never ever been better. Thank you, Stendra!"
"I tested positive for chlamydia, right away dr gave me the 4 pink pills to take all at once. She said it will make you very nauseous but you must keep it down for 4hrs so that it soaks into my system. She advised me to try eating after taking it. Once it kicked in, the pain and nausea were very strong. I didn&#039;t want to move because combined with the pain in my stomach, I felt I would vomit. This lasted about 45mins. It subsided and I was able to eat/drink some water. I slept fine. Now it&#039;s the next day and the nausea has returned, not as strong. I don&#039;t believe it will persist past today because it&#039;s not nearly as severe as when I took it. Eat before so there&#039;s something in your stomach; it&#039;ll hurt less."
"I use it every night before bed."
"I just got off &quot;the pill&quot; after being on it for the last 2.5 years because I thought it was causing me to have bad breakouts/acne so me and my bf had unprotected sex one night/morning (no birth control and extra fertile since I had recently stopped taking the pill and not to mention the &quot;my days&quot; app that I use said that I was at my peak fertility day the same day) so panicking, I purchased the generic plan b pill (aftera, about $43) less than 24 hours later and took it. I do remember some cramping. (I took it about 3 weeks ago) After reading the reviews I started to really panic because my period was due 2 days ago and I read that a lot of people got their period sooner than expected but it finally came 2 days late so I guess it works!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 months and started experiencing the worst acne that I&#039;ve ever had in a long time. I was taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo prior to Loestrin24 and other than the price, it was great.  I decided to switch to a cheaper pill but this birth control does not control my acne.  I&#039;m experiencing breakouts on my chin, cheeks and forehead.  I&#039;ve since called my obgyn and have switched back to Ortho Lo which helps control my acne."
"I fell back in 2007 and did a lot of damage to my neck and back.  Since then, I&#039;ve suffered tension headaches that are absolutely debilitating.  I have to curl up in a cold, dark, quiet place and wait for them to end, like others, usually between 3-6 days.  I&#039;ve tried everything.  Heat, ice, physical therapy, trigger point therapy, visualization, exercise, core strengthening, significant weight loss (100 lbs), relaxation techniques, psychologists, and medication after medication.  I had a doctor prescribe Fioricet a couple of months ago.  My headaches aren&#039;t &quot;cured,&quot; but I can definitely function if I have to now.  I only take them when I have to though.  No withdrawal symptoms yet at all.  I do get insomnia though."
"I finally got rid of H Pylori after completing Pylera in Dec 2015. This was after 2 courses of other antibiotics combo that failed to eradicate it. Before taking Pylera, I had read other reviews that were scary. I promised myself I would come back and review for others in similar situation. Please make sure you take a really good probiotic(taken at different time) and ask for an anti-nausea medication to offset/lessen the side effects; it will make taking Pylera much more doable."
"I have very high stress levels and panic disorder.  This has helped with my stress some and my anger levels have been a lot less severe.  I take other medications for anxiety attacks so I don&#039;t think it has changed that any.  My OCD hasn&#039;t changed either but I&#039;ve never found a medication to change my compulsions or obsessive thoughts."
"I noticed a big improvement right after starting this medication.  I no longer have the urgency to go to the bathroom and/or the leakage I used to have.  I have had no side effects at all.  I love this medication and had tried others before it.  This works the best."
"I love it. I stop smoking for 2 weeks now. It works great."
"So I took the one dose pill yesterday for a yeast infection I got after being on a heavy course of antibiotics. The first time I took it on a full stomach &amp; it made me throw up within a couple minutes of taking it. I called my doctor &amp; he called me in another does. I took it at 7pm last night, it is now 1015am the next morning. I feel some relief but not completely gone yet. I suggest taking it on an empty stomach. That&#039;s the only way I could keep it down."
"I am a 33 year old female and started taking qysmia approx 1 and a half months ago. On the low dose 3.75 I did not lose a single pound. About a month ago I started the 7.5mg and I am down 18lbs! I have not experienced any horrible side effects. I have experienced a boost in energy, but that may be related to the weight loss. I have been very happy on this medication and will continue my regimen until I reach my goal weight."
"I started this birth control pill 12 days ago. I&#039;m 18 years old and take it for bad cramps and excessive bleeding. Ever since I started it I&#039;ve had extremely debilitating nausea, anxiety, and loss of appetite. I stopped taking it yesterday in hopes of the terrible nausea ending. The nausea spread from my shoulders to the bottom of my sternum. I had anxiety attacks for no reason. I would not recommend this medication."
"Works wonders.  In combination with moisturizer(s), has cleared up skin problems."
"Recently diagnosed with Psoriatic Arthritis. Achy stiff joints in fingers, toes, ankles, knees, and hips. Plaque psoriasis on elbows, knees, behind ears, and above eyes. After several medications, because insurance requires it, my Rhum gave me a couple choices including Otezla. I will do anything to stay away from immune suppressive drugs, I don&#039;t want to trade one problem for another and likely worse. Been using starter packs for a month with good improvement in plaque psoriasis and no noticeable difference in joint pain. Doc says 2-3 months to see full affect. Unfortunately, my insurance slammed the door on me and is refusing to pay for the drug, appeal was denied. They have no problem paying for immune suppressive drugs because they are cheaper."
"229 down to 139 in a few months on 40 mg simvastatin.  I had been over 220 for many years.  Shocked me."
"I&#039;ve been taking carvedilol for three months, it works really good for my extremely high blood pressure. I have experienced rapid weight gain, but I can&#039;t be completely sure if the carvedilol is the blame as I am on other medications. It causes sudden dizziness even without standing up to quickly .
 
I&#039;m going to try something else because of the rapid weight gain and out of no where dizziness. I gave it a 7 rating because it works well with lowering my stubborn high blood pressure."
"This is day 3 for me, I just found out I had Hep C a1 a year or so ago. I have had it for about 30 years. I never had any problems due to this virus, never even thought to be tested for it, I found many of my old friends on face book and was informed I better get checked. Well I did and I have it. It took me about 6 months to be approved by my insurance. I have only had a slight head aches and today had diarrhea, I already have problems sleeping so I do use a sleep aid, I would like to thank everyone on who has shared their story! I am on a eight week program and reading such positive out comes really helps. I am hoping I do not get any more side affects however even if I do it is so worth it! I am only 52 and I love life!"
"I&#039;ve been on fentanyl for 4 yrs now, have had 3 lower L5 S1 back surgeries W/Hardware, have been diagnosed with RSD, RLS, osteoarthritis, fibromylgia, also have right ankle fusion with surgery on it. Fentanyl is the only medicine. I have taken or been prescribed in the last 22yrs that has worked. I&#039;m receiving the 75mcg X 48hrs and roxicodone 15mg 5 times a day for any breakthrough pain as needed. "
"I&#039;ve been taking YAZ since 2009 and I really love it. It is wonderful. I feel great and the only problem I have is a light headache when I&#039;m taking the white pills (last 4). But I really recommend this pill for birth control."
"I think Klonopin is the bottom-of-the-barrel of benzodiazepine anti-anxiety/anti-panic medicines. This is from personal experience with it &amp; other benzodiazepines. Klonopin, for one thing, lacks the muscle-relaxant effect that&#039;s an additonal benefit of other benzodizepines such as Valium (diazepam). But what&#039;s worse is that Klonopin caused me to lose 2 jobs. It has this strange effect of prompting me to &#039;speak my mind&#039; -- a little too much! Not the case with Valium, which has a much more pleasant effect. With further research I found out that Klonopin was intially marketed for seizure disorders *only*. But, because it didn&#039;t sell well for that, the company basically pushed into the anti-anxiety market. There&#039;s much better out there."
"Have always had severe allergies since a child, I first used Zyrtec about 14 years ago, worked great but I could barely stay awake at work, it was bad, I&#039;m a dental assistant and I actually fell asleep while assisting(sitting on the assistant chair!) I could barely drive, I confided in a co-worker and she asked me if I was taking anything, I told her just allergy pills, she asked which ones and she said her daughter takes them but she has to take them a couple of hours before bed. I could have easily had a car accident. Anyhow now i&#039;m researching what to take for mango skin allergy, I have Allegra which isn&#039;t as good and since I don&#039;t work now I&#039;m going to take Zyrtec for it after reading the reviews on it."
"I was diagnosed with Diverticulitis a few months back and ended up having to return to the doctor within a month of diagnosis for the same thing. He seemed baffled as he said I shouldn&#039;t have had another attack so soon! I had been having some major anxiety so I asked him if this could be the cause and he agreed. He decided to put me on 10 mg of Lexapro and to be honest I wasn&#039;t expecting much. I had been on Zoloft, Paxil and Cymbalta with almost no difference. I took the first pill before going to bed that night and woke up in the morning ready to run a marathon! I finally feel happy, hopeful, almost no anxiety, I can speak my mind now when before I was too scared etc., etc.... LOVE IT!"
"Had a baby 3 yrs ago. Was at my top weight of 225lbs (I&#039;m 4&#039;11&quot;). Lost 45lbs from February 08 to October 09 on Weight Watchers. Did moderate activity, but had weekly binge episodes (could not seem to control the hunger). Been tired and gaining the weight back since. My Doctor just gave me a clean bill of health, even though I&#039;m back to 210lbs and prescribed Phentermine 37.5mg. I start tomorrow... Plan to update here at 2 weeks and after my 30 day check-up. I have started walking 2x a day 5x a week and doing yoga 3 x a wk, and went back to Weight Watchers online to keep me accountable for my diet. Fingers crossed!"
"I&#039;m 15, and four weeks into Accutane treatment. My initial breakout is just now dying down, and for a while I was seriously concerned. My acne for the past 4 years has been pretty horrible to deal with, but during these last few weeks is the worst it&#039;s ever been. I was also breaking out on my chest (which had never been a problem before.) I know things are getting better though, my skin looks and feels better where I&#039;m not breaking out and my scars are fading. Despite the extreme dry skin and lips, I feel that Accutane will improve my acne significantly, and I am desperately hoping that it won&#039;t return once I get off the medicines."
"Cymbalta didn&#039;t help with my pain it only made me feel like zombie, I&#039;m trying to get off of it and it&#039;s a nightmare. I&#039;m removing 7 beads from the capsule every day and feel soo sick. I feel like I&#039;m going to die at times"
"I have literally tried everything, aside from Accutane. My doctor gave me a prescription of Spironolactone along with some Epiduo. The spironolactone made me feel weird, and I almost passed out. I gave up on that quickly and began using the samples. I called my doctor to let him know that the Epiduo was working! For the first time in as long as I can remember, I was waking up with NO new zits. After a month of using Epiduo I am 75% clear and even my scars are fading faster. This has been the biggest blessing for me!"
"I was precribed this medication due to having some &quot;type of pneumonia&quot;. I was given a shot of antibiotics at the office so not sure if that was levoflaxcin but I immediately starting feeling very anxious and irritated over EVERYTHING. I used to have bad anxiety years ago and 7 years later started experiencing it all out over again. Next day I took my first pill and about 4 hours later the top of my right foot was so tender to the touch I cried. My husband made a comment he could see the tendon protruding up my ankle...? Fast forward to that night and I who am normally sound asleep by 10 was wide awake until after 3. Needless to say I called and asked for a different prescription. No thank you."
"Best med for those who suffer from constant anxiety. It helps me a lot with my social anxiety in particular. I take 1 mg 3x daily. Been on that dosage for 2 years now. Have had no bad side effects. This drug has been a lifesaver for me. I&#039;ve had anxiety for as long as I can remember. I think I will probably be on this med for life. Never stop taking it cold turkey or you will go through a nasty withdrawal. It happened to me once several years ago when the doctor suddenly had me stop it with no warning or taper schedule.  It&#039;s best to slowly taper off."
"What is available in the drugstores here is 20mg Cialis. I used to take one every weekend. I satisfactorily enjoy the side problems of headache and muscle aches. Just two months ago I started to divide the 20mg bill into three i.e. a third per week i.e. a 20mg cialis for three weeks .. it has been working effectively!"
"I&#039;ve had terrible anxiety and stress problems for a few years. I&#039;ve been on this medication for 2 weeks and I can feel the difference all ready .. The first week was weird... Trippy . I&#039;m on 10mg and I&#039;m so happy my constant worry is going.. I&#039;m free to live again"
"Hey all - I felt as though it was my duty as a woman to review this medication for the rest of you ladies out there. I was diagnosed with general bacterial vaginosis &amp; was TERRIFIED to use this.. considering the awful reviews I read through - I was prescribed the 7 day cream, as well as a general amoxicillin... I am only on 2 day but I have not experienced ANY side effects at all.. I also heard negative things about leakage - but I have not experienced this.. except for when I first woke up and went to the bathroom - which I expected. A quick shower did the trick and I am now sitting at work on my 8th hour with no discomfort or problems!"
"I had tested a number of non-steroid anti-inflammatory medicines and either they had very limited reaction or intolerance. I was proposed Humira as a potential miracle. Unfortunately it was not at all the case for me and so I reverted to Indocid. "
"This product is a life-changing miracle. I wish I would have found out about it sooner but I had to spend years of being very self-conscious. No deodorants would work for me, and the appearance of &quot;clinical&quot; deodorant on the store shelves was very disappointing for me because it didn&#039;t work any better than the regular ones.. I would only wear dark shirts, never bright colors, and usually a jacket/or hoodie over them. Always had very embarrassing pit stains and could never act freely and raise my arms in front of anybody. Well now, all those problems have just completely vanished overnight! I can wear anything I want and am very comfortable around people, worry-free! I use this product once every 2 weeks or so and it works like a charm."
"Geodon has been the best antipsychotic for me from a physical point of view - I lost ten kilograms that I had put on while Zyprexa. Concentration is not very good on it though - I cannot study as well as I did on Zyprexa. I lowered the dose to 80mg and suddenly it was not sufficient and I started getting symptoms again. Now I am on 120mg and symptoms have gone away but am a bit hazy and unclear, struggling to concentrate and wanting to sleep late in the mornings. I want to try 100mg to see if I will stay stable on this dose."
"While I was taking Evoxac I had
severe body odor, and my genitals smelled like onion. I tried everything to clear it up, over several years and nothing helped. The day I stopped taking Evoxac, the condition cleared up immediately. For the last 10 days it has not returned. I&#039;m grateful my new doctor refused to subscrjibe a refill for Evoxac when I requested it. She told me the side effect was fatigue and she asked me to try other ways to address my dry mouth. After I stopped taking it, I noticed the very next day, for the first time in years, my strange body odor was gone.  I do not recommend this drug for anyone who cares about how they smell &quot;down there.&quot;"
"I used to have panic attacks every time we went out to eat, I couldn&#039;t sit in the movies without a panic attack, I couldn&#039;t travel without anxiety and eventually a panic attack. I was always in a state of panic. I went to the urgent care with heart palps, and was given a script for clonazepam .05mg and I take it once at night. I finally sleep through the night, I don&#039;t wake up groggy, and it lasts throughout the next day because I can do the things I Never was able to do before. I use it with caution because I don&#039;t want to become dependent but at the same time, I wasn&#039;t really functioning very well before. I am thankful for it!"
"This medication made me feel like I was going crazy. I slept all day and my bones felt all mushy, could barely walk and had severe back and neck pain which I still do and prevents me from living life normally. I never know medication could do this until I experienced it for myself."
"Personally after reading these stories &amp; not knowing if everyone (besides those who stated) was taking Meronidazole with something else. I have had a few flare ups and I cannot take a combination of Cipro/Metronidazole as this causes the weird feelings and extreme lethargy. Metronidazole alone ( besides the bad taste when you pop it) no problems. Occasionally slight nausea &amp; bloating but nothing else. I just don&#039;t take the combination anymore which was horrible. Straight Metronidazole now 500 mg 3x a day 10 days..done."
"I started Klonopin 3 weeks ago. I take 0.5 mg 2 x day. I feel much better on Klonopin. The only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is slight unsteadiness on feet."
"I&#039;ve had implanon for a little over a year. It&#039;s been pure hell. I have gained 60 pounds, and NOTHING I do helps me lose weight. My depression is extremely bad from the hormones. (I had depression before, but it&#039;s 10x worse). For the first FOUR MONTHS I was bleeding, with a 2-3 day of not bleeding. My periods are now, about 9 days long. I have irregular periods, so it goes from period with 3 weeks off, to period with one week off. It&#039;s just all over the place, with extremely painful cramps. I&#039;m getting it removed tomorrow, thank God. I&#039;m terrified of hormonal birth control now, this being my first one that releases hormones. While I have had a horrible experience, I hope that others do not. It might work for you, it might not."
"Literally could only tolerate it for three days before removing it. Was getting headaches, couldn&#039;t sleep, had an anxiety attack out of nowhere and the brown discharge was gross plus it made my vag sore and itchy. I guess it&#039;s one of those things that you really like or just can&#039;t stand. If it works for you run with it but if you have symptoms from what I&#039;ve read be prepared to have those symptoms for at least a month. Can&#039;t say it doesn&#039;t do it&#039;s job but are the side effects worth it?"
"I had found myself spacing out and getting very easily distracted in school. I would always talk and anything from a noise to something moving out the window would distract me and get me off task somehow. I also had trouble staying focused on assignments that took a descent amount of time to finish. I finally told my psychiatrist about it and he gave me Vyvanse 30mg. It helped me out A LOT. I stayed focused, and if I started an assignment I finished it but he gave me a script for 1 a day every morning but I found myself taking 2 a day sometimes so he gave me the 60mg Vyvanse. So now I take one 60mg Vyvanse a day and am fine. I don&#039;t get distracted anymore like I did. I find myself getting all my work done then talking instead of talking 1st."
"I started Linsezz and within about 5 days, it worked for me. Actually I got very loose bowels, but it was working. Within a couple more days, I felt sick, very weak and tired, I almost felt like I was drugged and could feel my head moving back and forth. This happened for two days.  I stopped it for a day or two and was fine. I took it again, and the same thing happened. I had to get in bed and sleep it off. Tired, felt weird. I stopped taking it."
"I had severe headaches, blurred vision and I could NOT produce a bowel movement without laxatives, while on this medicine."
"Been on this shot since June 14. Started experiencing abdominal pain on July 2 and spotting on July 4. SEVERE abdominal cramps as of July 4 that continues. I turned up anemic, when I had not been just 1 month before. As of today, I am still experiencing abdominal cramps periodically, continue to spot or have what seems like a full fledged period, alternately, without any pattern. My Gyno placed me on the shot to stop my heavy bleeding due to Uterine Fibroids. I will not take a second shot, as along with the heavy bleeding continuing as before, I have severe pain, extreme fatigue, weight gain even after increased physical activity."
"I have been depressed and have anxiety for years since i was 6. im 55 now. No one new anything back then why I was a nut case out of control thoughts actions major moods swings and instant anger. no remorse no empathy nothing just hate and pure panic.
I have tried all kinds of different meds for the last 15 years and some were OK but nothing like these. My god I do 60mg twice a day. no side effects, no anger, no mood swings, no depression or anything, its all gone everything. you have no idea the great feeling it is to think normal act normal be polite and thoughtful, caring understanding, just incredible difference. I was taken off them for 5 weeks to try something else to see if it was me or the meds. back to the old me instantly. lifer.."
"Claritin D did help my nasal congestion, but the side effects I experienced just weren&#039;t worth it.  It made me nervous, jittery, and with extreme insomnia.  I did notice that my nasal congestion improved, but I can&#039;t tolerate the side effects."
"I have been taking VOLTAREN for about two weeks now. I have found that the medicine works very well. What an advantage to be able to apply the gel right to the affected area, relief comes rather fast.

It doesn&#039;t last as long as I would like, but when you are in pain, any relief is welcome. Used in conjunction with my other medicines it has helped me to put together a medication regime that helps me to live with this condition.

If you have tried oral medicines with negative side effects, please give VOLTAREN a try. I hope you find the relief that I have."
"Im currently taking this and the first two entire packs were fine some minimal spotting that went away within a few days. This 3rd pack was fine until the cycle was supposed to start, I had breakthrough bleeding for 2 weeks. It has finally slowed down but hasn&#039;t stopped completely. Other than that this has worked decently but I feel there are too many other options for me to suffer like this."
"I have been dealing with Major Depressive Disorder for 9 years of my life, along with PTSD, and severe anxiety. I have been on so many different medications for depression, and have found that Prozac is the only anti-depressant that works for me. I have been as low as 10 mg, now currently on 20 mg. I am considering going to 30 mg. I have to see how I feel in the next number of days. I have been on this medication steadily for 6 months or so. I do have face twitches, but they are very minor and don&#039;t come very often. It really does help me get out into the world, and not be so affected by things emotionally. It&#039;s crucial to my well being and emotional state, and has prevented me from hurting myself for a long time."
"I got this implant in August 2016 , at first it was terrible!  My period stayed on for 9 days , I was depressed  all the time and my cramps were the worse . But after the 9 days my period went off an just came on in October, but it&#039;s been on for 3 weeks now and it&#039;s driving me crazy !"
"I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t read these reviews before getting the iud inserted---I would have been terrified! Everyone is saying how it&#039;s so painful....umm? No. I&#039;d say minor discomfort for a few seconds and that&#039;s it. I&#039;ve had a little spotting since it was inserted but nothing crazy."
"I am s 36 yr women that has had M.S. for 15 years. I had back pain severely, and part of the problem was fatigue and I was very heavy. My neurologist put me on Adderall 3 years ago and I must say that the weight came off. I started feeling better physically and emotionally! I feel like a productive member of society when I take my medicines. So I guess I needed it for not just the weight loss, but for depression also. If anybody with M.S. that has severe fatigue and weight gain, I suggest this medicine to you. It&#039;s a proven fact that people with Neurological disorders should be on this medicine if you don&#039;t have high blood pressure! Try it, it works!"
"I just got it today so I can only review the insertion itself. I took one 800mg Ibuprofen and a natural cramp reliever called
Cyclease, which I got from a health foods store, 30 minutes prior to my appointment. I was nervous, but the whole procedure took only about 5 minutes total, with 2 minutes of distinct discomfort and 3 severe cramping moments that lasted about 10-15 seconds each and caused me to grit my teeth, but nothing else. The doctor did not numb my cervix beforehand.  I have not had any pain or cramping for the rest of the day. I do not have kids and am pleased with the small size of this IUD. I am hoping that the side effects effects are not severe and that I can continue to use this method of birth control long term."
"I use this medication for the herniated disc in my neck. Severe pain went down my right arm. Couldn&#039;t deal with it, but ketoprofen made 95 to 100% of pain go away. Great stuff."
"I tried this medication when I was a teenager but did not stick with it because the irritation it caused me was unbearable. I wonder if it because my acne was worse and my skin more sensitive at the time but I can&#039;t remember how long I stuck with it. I started my current try with it about nine moths ago. I had about one-two months of redness, itchiness and a lot of skin flaking but as soon as this wore off (which it did completely) as my skin adapted to it, I started noticed big improvements:
I have had almost no blackheads which were causing me lot of scarring.
For most of the month I get no spots and when I do, it&#039;s just a few and they are MUCH smaller, less painful and disappear quicker and my skin overall looks clearer and more youthful"
"Dazidox is instant release oxycodone tablets, and works very well. I take the 20mg tablet for breakthrough pain, haven&#039;t needed a dose increase in over a year, and actually works every time!! No complaints at all with the medication!"
"I&#039;ve had migraines for 30 years and was increasingly relying on Zomig - taking about 12 per month. Propranolol doesn&#039;t agree with me and was very sceptical about trying amitriptyline but it has been miraculous. I used to wake every morning with a headache at about 4am often developing into full blown migraines. Now I sleep like a baby and have been virtually headache free. I hope that it continues to work as bad migraines are so debilitating and were ruining my life. I&#039;ve had no real side effects apart from felling a bit sleepy in the morning but that soon wears off."
"My psychologist originally suggested Lexapro to treat my anxiety and panic disorder, then my doctor prescribed it. I was told that it is not habit forming and that it has low side effects and works well to treat panic disorder. I started out on 10mg for 3 weeks then went up to 20mg. My side effects have been mild and have included nausea (the first few days), weight loss (which I don&#039;t mind) because of decreased appetite, mild increased sweating, and recently trouble falling asleep. All in all I am very pleased with it and have had only one panic attack in over a month. I used to have multiple ones weekly. I feel like I am finally getting my life back and I would recommend this medicine to anyone."
"Doctor recommended this. No prescrip needed in Canada. Excessive sweating in armpits. Used 3 evenings at bedtime. Itchy during application, but not insane. I Immedediately quit sweating.  Lasted about 3 months before needing to reapply. Use once every 3 weeks and keeps sweat away. I love it."
"I started taking this pill and within the month my urine was much darker.  I thought I was dehydrated and getting pneumonia as I also had a cough.  I went to the Dr and they gave me Augmentin.  Suddenly I was vomiting multiple times a day and nauseous all the time.  After running blood tests they found my liver was &quot;very angry&quot;. I asked about the Sprintec and was told it wasn&#039;t a contributing factor.  After a month I quit taking it and immediately started feeling better.  After a liver biopsy I was diagnosed with Drug Induced Liver Damage.  Sprintec is terrible!"
"I had it put in place in January of 2008 and I love the way I don&#039;t have to remember to take the pill.  The procedure was painless just don&#039;t look while it&#039;s inserted.  I have had horrible periods since though which is the only fall back but a big one.  I have periods for 3 weeks now and it&#039;s completely unexpected periods where before when I was on the pill I was regular.  Now I have to decide whether the long periods are worth it, to keep it in place."
"Nasacort made my nose run like a faucet. It was almost like something in it triggered my allergies instead of helping them. I used it for a week before I realized it was what was causing me problems. Also caused blood to be in my snot. I would try anything else besides this. On a scale from. 1 to 10 I would rate Nasalcrom at 10 and Nasacort at 1."
"I started Contrave 1 week ago. I am 5&#039;5&quot;, 230lbs and 40yrs old.  I&#039;m tired of being over weight. I am so happy my insurance finally covered this medication. I was told to start with two  pills twice a day. At first I didn&#039;t because I was scared. I was taking 2 once a day. After day 3 I went up to four a day and besides needing to take some benedryl to help me sleep, I have had no side effects. I&#039;m peeing like a mad woman, my appetite is way down and I feel good. I went to weigh myself this morning and I&#039;ve lost 7lbs. I think I finally found something that&#039;s going to work for me. Super excited to see where this takes me."
"I took cortisone injections in my knee for 2 years the last few injections the pain was getting worse. Was tired of taking pain pills I found Euflexxa with my search. Very glad I did I took the print out to my ortho Dr. and ask him about what I found. I&#039;m afraid of needles so they used numbing solution. I definitely did NOT feel any pain. Friday was my 2nd injection."
"It changed my life"
"I don&#039;t usually comment on things like this but I felt I needed to. I&#039;ve been suffering from pain for as long as I can remember, along with chronic fatigue, stiffness, depression and a general loss of zest for life. I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia a few months ago and started this medication (30mg for a month then upped to 60mg). I have to say it&#039;s been a miracle! I knew I was in pain but I didn&#039;t realize how much of me was in constant pain until it was taken away. My fatigue levels have improved drastically - I still need to nap in the day but it&#039;s not the crippling fatigue I suffered with before. I&#039;m happy, mobile, pain free and full of energy thanks to this medication. I have also lost weight which is a great side effect!"
"This was a god send. After suffering from RLS for years I was only sleeping for a couple hrs a night. No matter how exhausted I was. The first night of starting ropinirole I actually managed 6hrs of sleep. It felt amazing. I was actually on the brink of committing suicide.  I couldn&#039;t function during the day.  Lost all joy in my life. Thank goodness for this drug. Have been on it for almost 10 yrs. Any side effects have been minor."
"70 yrs old. Have suffered from depression-bipolar since 17. Have been treated with tens of medications to no avail, except lithium for 43 yrs which no longer works. 4 yrs ago I was treated with Gabapentin, which seemed to decrease the depression already after initial dose of 300mg. Increased to 3*300mg to which I reacted well until general anaesthetic in dec 2015 for operation threw me into a deep depression. Any info on effect of anaesthetic on depression and any antidote?"
"Started Aug 18,2017 weight 227lb. Today October 4,2017 weight 199lb. So in a month and a half roughly I lost 28lbs. No excess skin issues with the rapid weight loss. 
I have not really exercised, I tried one ran/walked 1.7 miles. I felt like crap for 2 days. So not trying that again for a while. 
Every time I eat it feels like I just had Thanksgiving dinner. 2 spaghetti meatballs (seriously). Minimal appetite. 
First week was brutal with side effects but I am glad I stuck it out. The only issue I seem to have now is sleeping. I wake up a lot in the night, but am able to go back to sleep. My appetite seems to be coming back a little. I noticed I can eat more than before but its still not much. 

This medicine works for me 100"
"After total knee replacement and now the other knee is painful, nothing worked like tramadol. I had oxycodone, hydrocodone, did not work at all. One tramadol 50mg in the early morning and one at bedtime works wonders for me, makes pain more tolerable and helps me sleep at night. I don&#039;t know ehst I&#039;d do without it."
"This medicine does what it&#039;s supposed to do. A 50mg capsule usually is enough to dispel panic attacks and return me to baseline. I don&#039;t take any more because I can&#039;t deal with the drowsiness during the day and I take something else for sleeping at night. No benzodiazepine-like euphoria, just simple no-frills relief."
"It helps with everyday activities and I stay attentive and more focused."
"With all medications my G.P. gives me daily, is a good reason to try Prozac, I have no days without stress, scared of some health problems, that might kill me, such as brain aneurysm, had 2 surgeries for it, and survived both, first one had less than 50% of surviving, as aneurysm started bleeding, was under for 5 hours, to a coiled process, taking 8 different medication at night and 5 in morning, to help combat diabetic type two, to chronic leg wound open for past 21 years. Scared of everything I do, as stress alone can trigger another brain aneurysm, and I need to stress out, my G.P. freaks out every time I want to try different drugs to ease tension, I smoke marijuana, was licensed by Government, but quit after a year, could write more,.."
"I know I&#039;m still on my first pack, and onto week 9, but I&#039;ve been nauseous, bloated, very moody, and depressed for most of this time. And honestly that would be bearable but 20 days of moderate to heavy bleeding with full on cramps that make me want to curl into a ball and cry has pretty much made me homicidal and I now hate all men. I wish I were exaggerating and if it wasn&#039;t for my fertility hanging on the line for me giving this an honest shot, I would&#039;ve stopped after day seven."
"I&#039;m 24 and I&#039;ve been on this for about 2 years. I had quite a period which lasted about 3 weeks during the first month. I haven&#039;t actually had a period for about a year and a half now which is great. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings or anything. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant yet so it seems to work well."
"My sleep doctor, I use a CPAP every night, gave me a sample to try as I work a &quot;baby owl&#039; shift from 5:00pm to 2:00 am. Best way to describe this medicine is a slow release caffeine pill. However, zero jitters and zero over active bladder. No buzz, no altered feelings of any kind. I can focus better with this in my system. If I can get a full six hours on my CPAP and take a 250mg pill an hour before my shift I can get my job done with an amazing amount of focus. My insurance was slow to cover, and even with them covering over half of the cost these little pills cost a bundle. Worth it for me, as I was spending close to the same amount per month on Red Bull and coffee."
"I had severe neck pain diagnosed as Degenerative Disc Disease. My doctor&#039;s PA prescribed a &quot;Steroid Pack&quot; (I don&#039;t recall the brand name) and some Oxycodone that I asked for.  The Steroid Pack worked practically instantly; and even though I got the Oxycodone script filled at the same time, I did not have to take even one!  The steroid pack was a decreasing dosage that lasted about a week and worked great."
"Both my boyfriend and I have taken this after a car accident and it does nothing for pain and gave him withdrawals and gave both of us disturbing nightmares."
"I have been on a 75mg of Elavil for over a year now for degenerative disc decease and 2 bad knees, it helps me sleep but the pain is still bad even with a morphine patch and oxycodone, but maybe my case is a rare one."
"I&#039;ve had asthma all my life and after 14 years, montelukast was introduced to aid my other medication. For a year and a half my asthma was controlled, and then my dosage was doubled because I turned 16. After the increased dosage, my mental health worsened, and after dealing with terrible anxiety and depression for 18 months, I realised that it fitted with the time period that I&#039;d been taking this and was worsened with increased dosage. It had all been side effects. The extra montelukast was a tipping point in my mental health and I became suicidal. I stopped using this immediately and my parents got me help, after 6 months I had recovered. I share this in the hope that it prevents the same thing from happening."
"I was prescribed it for a sinus infections infection but I&#039;d gone to the doctor for a UTI. He dismissed the UTI for lack of any positive test results. This medication cleared up both after 8 days. I also felt well for the first time in years. I had energy, no joint paint, and my urethritis was completely gone. Now three month later the symptoms have slowly returned -except for the sinus infection- but having no positive test results for bacteria, I can&#039;t get any more of this. They need better tests!"
"I&#039;ve been fighting the pain management battle for about 6 years now, and I can finally say that I might have finally won. Just really don&#039;t understand why doctors waste peoples time with anything else for actual chronic pain. Methadone is a God send! If anyone is reading this and is in pain, do yourself and your family a favor and find a 
Dr that will prescribe this for you."
"I&#039;m taking this for morning sickness, I feel like it has given me my life back. I lost over 6 lbs in 5 days due to nausea and vomiting, and was too sick to do anything for my toddler, myself, or my home. I can tell when it&#039;s starting to wear off (at about 6.5-7 hr.) because the nausea comes right back. I&#039;ll take being backed up and a little drowsy as a side effect... it allows me to eat and keep things down and be present in my family&#039;s life. Never thought I&#039;d be so happy to take a medication, but I&#039;m SO thankful for Zofran."
"I have been on benzodiazepines for several years..unfortunately  i had recently upped the dosage   to 2 mg due to  family stress and felt more depressed and panicking , craving for benzos... i then switched to amytriptiline, an unbelievable tiny dosage 2 mg, 1 drop a day..i have been taking it for aroind 10 days before going to bed... it helped a lot and i was able to discontinue benzos from day 1 (when i actually took 4 mg amytriptiline, 2 drops ,slept for 12 hours and woke up in the morning feeling...new, with a clear mind,  no more tortured by anxiety and panick attacks.... i know this seems incredible at such a low dose... i  m just wondering if this has a scientific explanation because im sure it is no placebo effect"
"It made me incredibly sleepy, which was a bonus. I took the medication combined with Lexapro, and gained 20 lbs in my first 3 months on both. Since I got off Seroquel my weight returned to normal."
"I was given this medication to treat anxiety and panic attacks. It has not helped me despite increasing the dosage to 900mg a day.  It&#039;s always so disappointing when the hope of relief from a new medicine leads nowhere."
"Bad mood swings on accutane. We couldn&#039;t  control him and vision problems began once he was on the 2nd dose. Dermologist took him off now we are trying minocycline."
"I have been on Arimidex for 4 years 4 months. I have had the hot flashes, vision issues, bone density weakening, joint pain and stiffness, depression, mood changes, insomnia, back and bone pain, thinning nails (of already thin nails), weakness in hands and now, my hair in breaking off and drying out. My doctor wants me to hold on to the end of the 5 years. Not sure I can."
"Hi everybody, Sweden&#039;s calling:
I&#039;ve been on Otezla for more than 9 months and most of my Plaque Psoriasis have cleared up!
It seems like the scalp is showing some resistance but I&#039;m not giving up.
Had some side effects like diahrrea and poor appetite in the begining but it&#039;s all fine now.
Take care!"
"I have been taking Inderal 80mg for about 10 years for migraines.  It has been a tremendous miracle for me.  My migraines were severe and I was getting them about once a week with an extra severe one that lasted for days at the onset of my period.  Since I&#039;ve been taking Inderal I still get headaches, maybe 1 a week but nothing close to what I was getting before with the vomiting, nausea and being unable to function.  I don&#039;t believe I have had any significant side effects.  Hope this helps. "
"On day 9 of 14, 750mg, still sick but 75% feeling better. No sides effects so far."
"I have severe sciatica in my right leg and horrible back pain due to two herniated discs, and severe spinal stenosis from an injury. I&#039;ve seen 3 doctors and have tried everything out there. Today my doctor prescribed 300mg gabapentin 3 times a day,  5 hours ago I took the first one and AMAZING! I can feel the pain going away!"
"I have used this medicine for inner ear problems, dizziness, that causes anxiety  for 15 years 1.5 mg per day along with 100mg of Zoloft  with very little side efects. It has helped me live with stress and anxiety that I had with my ear problem. Yes the Doctors don&#039;t know why this helps with inner ear problem, but that is O.K. it works. I know that Doctors are concerned about abuse and that sure can happen to a addictive person. I have never used more than what has been prescribed to me.  This may some day come back to hurt me, but I am 72 now and it has significantly improved my quality of life. Any questions you want ask me. At rutoft64@gmail.com"
"I&#039;ve dealt with anxiety for the past 7 years, but about 2 months ago it got really bad. I started having at least one panic attack a day and it was really scary. I&#039;m not a depressed person, but the anxiety was making me feel that way because I didn&#039;t know if I would go back to &quot;normal&quot; - I finally decided to see the doctor and tried Zoloft. I didn&#039;t have any side effects, just mild anxiety that got better day to day. A couple of high anxiety days in between, but all in all... I was getting back to myself. Here I am, a couple of months later and COMPLETELY back to normal! I feel so happy and thankful that I decided to try medicine."
"I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis since I was 17 had a colonscopy done and that&#039;s when I was prescribed Asacol. It was terrible my diarrhea was just horrible, it also came with a a lot of blood. I started taking Asacol about 9 pills daily after about a couple of months the diarrhea was completely gone. That&#039;s when I thought it was okay to stop taking them so about 4 years later the flares started happening again. So I don&#039;t recommended delaying the pills. "
"I have tried so many medications for my numerous manic episodes and nothing even came close to the benefits I have experienced with Saphris. It reduced my anxiety and agitation profoundly. I have not had another episode after being on Saphris for over six months. I have an overall sense of well being and much more functional. I&#039;ve lost 50lbs after being on Zyprexa. Saphris is a wonderful medicine and has given me hope and I am slowly rebuilding my life. It might taste really bad but it is all worth it."
"my blood sugar was 300 to 400+, last week I got a fast pass to the Hospital because it went up to 500+, my doctor put me now on Victoza and my blood sugar is around the 166, I know is the first week, but yeah, Nausea, Headache, the feeling of fever and pokes on the stomach are there.  What I did was instead of the 1.2 doses I&#039;m supposed to be, I started from about .6, hopefully I&#039;ll be on 1.2 by next week, .

be ready for pregnant side effects,

3/30/2017"
"The itching is very very intense about 5 minutes after you use it. It goes away (I&#039;ve used it before) this same reaction happened last time and I&#039;m sure this is how the product works. After my 1 day treatment my infection went away! It&#039;s a good product and gets the job done. Although I could do without the mad itching feeling... It really does help, you just have to get over the few hours of pain and itching."
"I just want to share my experience because I&#039;m pretty impressed with this pill. I was on another pill previously and it was okay except for the fact that I would spot ALL THE TIME, which got annoying. So my Dr suggested I try this to see if my spotting would stop and at first I was hesitant to try it due to bad reviews I&#039;ve read but I&#039;m glad I tried it anyways because so far I don&#039;t have any negative reaction to it. No headaches, no increased appetite, no weight gain, no breast tenderness, I don&#039;t find myself really emotional, no pmsing which is great. I would recommend trying it, it take about 3 months for your body to adjust to bc pills. I&#039;m glad it&#039;s working out for me, better than the previous pill I was on :)"
"June 2, 2015 was the date that I first received the Nexplanon implant. When I first got it, my period was way off. I would bleed for about 2 weeks and stop for only a day or two before bleeding for another couple of weeks. This happened for the first month or two, and I haven&#039;t bled since. I do enjoy not having a period, but I can&#039;t help but wonder what negativity that is doing to my body. It seems to do its job as far as birth control goes. Cons: weight gain/excessive appetite, nonstop mood swings, anger, depression, lack of motivation, random severe cramps. I&#039;m getting it taken out tomorrow because I can&#039;t handle the emotional stress any longer. I don&#039;t recommend to anyone who already suffers from mental disorders."
"Great results on this medicine. The first couple of days I was a bit tired but that went away quick. My doctor prescribed it to me for general anxiety and not depression. So no crazy thoughts or ideas. I take it in the morning and that&#039;s it. No disruption of my sleep patterns. Actually I sleep like a baby. Very positive experience."
"I dunked it with out ice, awful taste, But when I put ice and lemon in it, it was awesome, just like lemonade. I strongly recommend ice in your glass. By the way those powders that comes with it, they are very sweet and doesn&#039;t taste good but ice and lemons is the best. It is a lot of drink, I did it in 2 days after 5."
"I&#039;m 41, using for cramps and excessive bleeding. My doc gave me 3 months of samples. First and second month, spotted for about a week, then got actual period, for a total of about 10 days bleeding, granted it was lighter, but still had some cramping. Also it all started during the third week of the pills, not the fourth. Terrible mood swings, fatigue. Now halfway through third month, terrible acne. It&#039;s like puberty all over again."
"Amlodipine besylate 5mg is soooooo EVIL. IF I had known about this medication before I started taking it. I WOULD HAVE NEVER AGREED TO GET IT. This medicine makes you feel like you&#039;re having a heart attack and stroke. Trying to stop taking this medication is like you feel like you have an addiction. It&#039;s  like the medication tries to FORCE YOU to take it because of the harsh side effects. I had to basically dumped the medication down my garbage disposal. For 5 days I felt HORRIBLE. I felt throbbing sensation around my jaw. The pressure moved down to my neck. It felt like someone  was squeezing my neck. Also I felt tingling sensation  in both arms. I immediately told my doctor I can&#039;t take this medication anymore."
"I&#039;ve been taking methylphenidate (Ritalin) for years. I started during my professional career, because according to my psych, I am &quot;too smart to sit still&quot;, and that because of that, my brain gets bored easily then my attention span fades. With Ritalin I can focus like a laser on tasks, get much more done, stay organized, and it also helps with that afternoon sleepiness. Added bonus is it revs up your basal metabolic rate, and reduces appetite so you can lose weight easily.
Downside, it increases BP. If you have high BP you may want to avoid it.
I take a 20 mg pill 3-4 times a day, never after dinner if you want to sleep."
"This pill was great for regulating my periods and making them lighter. However, I constantly felt I was walking around in a cloud. I had ZERO sex drive, and the anxiety and anxiety attacks were getting out of hand. This medication also caused my chest pains. I went to my primary and she without a doubt said that these birth control pills were causing the anxiety attacks. I also gained weight. The worse part was it started to make me feel extremely depressed. Anyone already on depression meds or struggling with depression SHOULD NOT take this pill. Won&#039;t ever try birth control pills ever again."
"I used this for 2 months, it made no difference, the cream is absolutely useless, don&#039;t waste your time, don&#039;t get it"
"I was prescribed Tramadol for depression a year ago (50 mg, 3x day).  I felt like I had the flu so I stopped after 3 days. About 1 1/2 months ago I started to take it again (only 1- 50 mg per day in AM).  I currently take adderrall and xanax as they are the only meds that help my depression /anxiety without the terrible side effects. Since on Tramadol I have been more motivated and productive then I can ever remember!  I stopped for a couple days and experienced the flu like symptoms again, but I have gone back again on a regular daily schedule.  Not sure if I should up the dosage to 100 mg but this has been the best med for me, and I&#039;ve taken many. Definetly a life changer and I&#039;m optimist about the future for the 1st time in my life."
"I had 2 different nexplanons in my arm thru a 4 year period. This is why I regret ever getting the nexaplanon. 
1.) It made me have awful acne
2.) the hormonal changes made my hair thin and cause great hair loss.  
3.) it made me a CRAZY BEEOTCH and very irrational.
4.) I would spot all the time
5.) I had scars in my arm from getting the first one removed.
6.) Made me gain a lot of weight.
7.) Made me depressed.
Its not worth it. at least for me."
"I am only on day 1, and took 1 pill this morning and 1 this afternoon (not knowing I was only suppose to take one daily for the first week)  I feel fine, although I fell asleep at work, I got extremely tired after my lunch meal(gumbo) and my legs feel like they need to be stretched every time I stand up. No dizziness and nausea as most have said. thankfully, and hopefully this works for me. 245weight, looking to drop 45lbs."
"I discovered this site today while looking for other answers to the generic versions of Effexor XR.  I was on Prozac for about 4 years due to my MS and caring for and losing both my husband and mother to Cancer in a 18 month time frame.  I asked to switch to something else as Prozac didn&#039;t really help. It took a bit to wean me and put me on a low dose of Effexor ER 75mg a day and I eventually got bumped to 150mg a day of Effexor XR.  It&#039;s been a real life saver for me, I feel normal and do not have days of tears for no reason. "
"I think Yaz is a good birth control pill overall. My doctor switched me to this pill b/c it is one of the lowest doses out there- I needed to go back on bc pills because I suffered from hot flushes as soon as I went off the pill. It took two weeks on Yaz to stop the hot flushes (I&#039;m only 42, by the way) and I feel so much better. I do agree, however, that it does make me a little tired and I do have some headaches (during the period week)- but nothing like the monster headaches I got on some other brands. All in all-a good product. I will be on it as long as my doctor allows me to- hopefully to 50."
"38 year oid female - within three days of taking this medication (1/day at lowest dosage) I was suicidal. Depression, but NO previous history of suicidal tendencies. There were no other changes in my life other than this medication. I recovered quickly after stopping taking Focalin. I also had strong negative reaction to Vyvanse. Doc said there was something unusual about how my body metabolizes this particular medications. Concerta has done well for me, considering Ritalin SR due to cost."
"I have been on this pill for about a year and a half now... At first, my periods were heavy and irregular but now I am down to a regular cycle of one really light period every month (lasting about 2-3 days max). Before I started the pill, I had problems with acne and now I have virtually none at all. No weight gain. The only negative side effects that I&#039;ve experienced are some weird mood swings every now and then. But for me, this pill is everything I could have hoped for, just wish it were a little cheaper."
"Ok my wife has been on this zobsolv for over a week now. At first it seemed, to help her yesterday she woke up with a rash on her lower arms. She has gotten really depressed her anxiety has gone thru the roof she snaps back at the slightest things. It is not helping  with her cravings, its seems the longer she takes it the further my wife becomes a different person she was doing pain pills. I&#039;m starting to think it was better she stayed on the pain pills. Has anyone else heard of anything like this before I&#039;m at a lost for words and idk what i need to do or what to do at this point other than start cutting her dosages down and ween her of this garbage......"
"In April 2010 I was went into Grand mal seizures which was found to be due to brain cancer. After surgery and sent home I was put on Keppra. As of Feb 2012 I have not had a seizure since but I have found this medicine makes me very tired and I itch all over all the time. I was taking 500mg in the morning and 500 in the evening. Then we changed it to 1000mg in the evening and none in the morning. I find it very hard to get motivated in the mornings. I want to stay in bed and sleep. I take antidepressants but I&#039;m not depressed or crying. I had been and they felt under the circumstances I need to stay on the antidpressant. We tried changing it and I still stayed very tired and that is why I am sure its the Keppra making me so tired. Otherwise Kuddos."
"I&#039;ve always been hesitant to use acne medication in the morning because I felt like it would do nothing for me. Also I have to wear makeup before I leave the house so the only thing I usually have underneath my foundation is a moisturizer. I&#039;ve added Acanya to my regime for the past week or so and my face has improved almost instantly. My pores look smaller and I haven&#039;t gotten any new bumps and the ones I already have are going away. I say stick to this product even if you don&#039;t see improvements at first! Hopefully I&#039;ll see more improvements"
"I had the worst experience on this medication. First, I recieved 2 shots. Secondly, I was on my period for 3 entire months, non-stop, heavy bleeding. Third, I gained roughly 25 pounds on the shot. Thankfully, I have changed birth controls and have been off the shot now for over a year, but as soon as I stopped the injections, the weight melted off without any change in diet or exersise."
"If you want to torture yourself, than take this. Seriously, it is the second time that i get an infection, and the first time i took canesten 3 days treatement... this time i tought.. hey why not try this one instead, the pharmacien said it could cure it too.... BIG MISTAKE... my VaJayJay was literally on fire... it has been 4hrs since i took the first pill, and it is still burning... it is unbearable... the itching got 100X worst than the infection itself... it shouldnt be in the market... pure poison..."
"The best drug ....I felt almost normal on 15 milligrams ."
"After taking Chantix for only a week, I was able to stop smoking completely without any horrific withdrawals or anxiety. The very first pill I took made a noticeable difference in the taste of cigarettes - they started to become disgusting, and after awhile I was smoking just because I had them around rather than because I really wanted them. Once I ran out, I just didn&#039;t buy anymore and still haven&#039;t. It&#039;s been almost 16 days now without a cigarette, and I honestly never think about them anymore. The worst side effect is nausea, which made me vomit only once, but after reducing my dosage by half I do not have anymore side effects. I also don&#039;t take the medication twice a day. I only take half of a pill at night. It works wonders!"
"Waking up sweating bad in the night, tired all the time. I&#039;m takin 30mg but apart from that I feel ok"
"I broke my jaw in two places and had to have my jaw wired shut. My teeth were pretty banged up as well and I&#039;m probably going to have to get some root canals or teeth removed once my jaw heals up, but I can say that for as long as I was taking ketorolac, I wasn&#039;t experiencing basically any pain, nor was I groggy or tired. Now I have to switch to ibuprofen, but ketorolac did the job for my time with it."
"In reading the reviews, I take my 40mg dose of Viibryd in the morning with a light breakfast, as I am also type 2 diabetic.  The titrated dosage worked to perfection, and I an focused, energetic, and not gaining weight.  Perhaps the error is evening dosing.  I once accidentally took it at bedtime, and was awake for the whole night.  My feeling is evening dosing is an error on the part of the practitioner."
"I have been using Loestrin for about 5 months now. The first 3 months I would get a bit of nausea and cramps, but the doctor said to keep taking for three months because it is supposed to resemble pregnancy! I was fine after the 3 months. I haven&#039;t had too many problems with it for the past 2 months. This month have been having really bad stomach aches and cramps. I&#039;m not sure if it is the pill or something else? "
"I had my first seizure when I was 17 (now 23). I always wanted to be on a medications that was safe so one day when I had a family. And now have my family with a healthy boy. I do have to say I was having the depression, I was having dizzy spills and really bad headaches. But I talked to my doctor he lowered my dose and gave me Topamax to take with it. And now my headaches are gone. It is very hard to actually to find the right medication for yourself. I wish you all the best!"
"Best drug for me so far.  Very few side effects;  I don&#039;t drink nor smoke so maybe that helps.  Very happy I don&#039;t get the nightmares I used to with Luvox, Zoloft and Paxil.  It&#039;s more effective than Wellbutrin too.  Slight nausea, and at night every now and then a little tingling in my legs , but nothing I can&#039;t deal with.  Very happy...."
"This medication is by FAR the most effective one I have ever tried to relieve my ADD/ADHD/Narcolepsy/&amp; Obesity issues.  This medicine certainly causes less anxiety than phentermine AND other amphetamines.  Sadly, people are ignorant and choose to attack a very safe and effective medicine that probably saves many lives. Desoxyn is the only sure-fire medicine to aid in treating attention deficit and fatigue!  At doses of 30mg-60mg a day, the medication is effective.  Don&#039;t think that 1- tablet is going to help - the effective CLINICAL dose is in the 20mg range-70mg. "
"I am trying to register on the &#039;Saxenda Care&#039; online support program, but, cannot, because it wants me to register with an American zip code and state, and I am Canadian.  Can you please direct Canadian&#039;s on how they might register for this program, so we can receive guidance and support."
"I started out on Differin, Duac and an oral skin antibiotic, which improved my acne about 90%.  About 2 weeks ago, my dermatologist took me off the oral antibiotic and switched me over to just Atralin.  So far, I am breaking out again but I am hoping it is just the initial adjustment period causing it to do this (getting better before it gets worse).  I will give it another week or two and then I will probably go back in if it doesn&#039;t improve.  The upside is that it does not cause a lot of peeling or irritation, as did the other creams.  I have very sensitive and maturing skin so I thought this would be a great choice for me."
"After years of thinking life was over and I would have to live with paranoia in public, voices in my head and uncomfortable horrific feelings for life I tried this and within a month it evenly spreaded what I was once missing in my head from being traumatized by the death of my grandpa. At first my tounge was numb and anxiety was high the next day after taking 40mg at night with food but taking serequel or hydroxzine every 6 hours frequently they coordinated perfect with each other and through out my experience I forgot about the thoughts, delusions, and was able to live my life care free as my psychosis being a bad memory"
"I have had post nasal drip for almost two years. I was first diagnosed with acid reflux and put on Zegerid. I took it once a day with no results. I was tested for allergies, with minimal results, endoscopy, etc. and they couldn&#039;t figure out what the problem was.  I even went to the head of a hospital in NYC for a second opinion and he said to increase the reflux medication.  Still no relief. My ENT suggested Patanase and within a week, the nasal drip was gone. It is amazing,  I would recommend this medicine to anyone suffering from post nasal drip.  No side effects whatsoever and I am a happy person."
"Very effective. Incredibly expensive."
"I love Ambien - it slows my racing, worried mind and lets me sleep through the night. I just take 5 mg tablet and that works great. I am a Type 1 diabetic for 43 years, and notice no side effects."
"I&#039;m about 10 hours into my prep. First time colonoscopy. First sip of Suprep at 6 PM seemed fine. Now merely typing the word makes me gag. Took 40 minutes to get down the first dosage. Took effect fairly quickly; spent the next four (!) hours in my bathroom. Dreaded second dosage, which I began choking down at 2 AM. Had to just do it while on the toilet because my body was still reeling from dose one. About 45 minutes into gagging down the second dosage, I began salivating profusely and proceeded to projectile vomit three to four times, effectively spewing out the medication. Managed to get down the remaining 4 ounces and anticipate I&#039;ll be on my toilet til I have to leave for the procedure in 90 minutes. Wish I had bought adult diapers."
"Weight gain, no positive aspects for me."
"Topomax combined with Melatonin have prevented me from waking up and eating in middle of the night. Has allowed me to diet and make progress. However, side effects have been challenging, mental fog, reduced sex drive are just a few."
"I took 40 mg of Paxil for about 2 years over 11 years ago for panic, anxiety and moderate depression.  It worked very well for me.  I did take Xanax while the Paxil was building up in my body.  After about 4 weeks I didn&#039;t need the Xanax any more.  About 6 weeks ago my anxiety and panic began to increase to a point I knew I needed help in addition to my exercise, healthy eating etc.  I went to my doctor to get Paxil.  I started on 10 mg for a week and had increased anxiety, which I controlled with 0.25 mg of Xanax once a day.  I went up to 20 mg on day 8 and had severe anxiety and bad thought for about 36 hours.  Suddenly, just like that it was all gone.  I now feel great!  Some side effects, but worth the sanity!"
"I was prescribed Genfura (Nitrofurantoin) after a previous antibiotic was ineffective in curing a UTI. UTI symptoms were completely gone within 3 days, but I had major side effects within hours of taking the first pill.

Side effects: 

Worst flu like symptoms of my life and I nearly went to A&amp;E I was so sick. I had a high fever for 2 days, chills, shallow laboured breathing, no appetite, nausea, constipation, extreme weakness, severe headache and I couldn&#039;t leave my bed for 2 days. 

Strangely the side effects went away as soon as they came on, and 4 days into the medication I feel fine."
"I started at  25 mg and slowly increased to 100 mg my appetite is much decreased . I do still crave sweets but find I have more control. I have went from 175 to 153 in 5 months and am still losing weight. I don&#039;t exercise and try to eat healthy which I do believe helps"
"I started using this product about a month ago and I started seeing results immediately! I suffered from coarse chin hair and would often get ingrown hairs that led to scarring from constant tweezing and irritation. I barley have to tweeze anymore and when I do the hairs are thin and come out very easy. I do not know if this product has skin lightening agents in it but I have also noticed that my scarring has faded as well! After suffering for years and not being able to leave the house without make-up I am happy to say that because of this product I am starting g to feel confident in my own skin again! I absolutely would recommend this product to anyone who could use it. I am consistent with applying twice a day and am very happy with it!"
"I got immediate improvement switching from omeprazole 20mg and 40mg to prevacid 30mg for my long term struggle with severe acid reflux. I still occasionally supplement with a Pepcid Complete at bedtime, but overall I&#039;m much better."
"I have been on Gianvi for over a year now and I love it. I lost some weight, but with that my breasts also got a bit smaller. The headaches I was getting on my previous birth control are completely gone, and I get my period for 2 days and its extremely light, compared to my 2 week long extremely heavy period. On my previous birth control I gained some weight, my breasts got huge, and I got terrible headaches, but none of that with Gianvi. I know a lot of people have terrible side effects, but honestly I love Gianvi. (I was previously on Ortho Tri- Cyclen Lo)."
"I&#039;ve been on Tegretol for 4 days. It has taken me from excruciating pain to dull soreness. It&#039;s a wonder drug. I&#039;m sleepy but almost pain free. I&#039;m lucky that I was diagnosed after only six weeks. I&#039;m praying it lasts!"
"I was diagnosed with epilepsy when I was 17 and was prescribed Dilantin. I was having grand mal seizures and it was working ok. When I was 22 I moved to Florida and saw a new neurologist and he said Dilantin was an old drug and put me on keppra. I&#039;m taking 1500mg twice a day and I&#039;m having more grand mal seizures and partial complex zone outs. Keppra has not helped at all and I&#039;m going to a new doctor for a different opinion on what to take."
"I was diagnosed 6 years ago with Supraventricular tachycardia.  I am a 49 year old female.  Since that time I have been taking a 50 mg tablet of Toprol every other day.  I have had no other attacks since then and I used to get them about 5x a year.  Once in a while I can feel one coming on - my heart starts beating very fast - but apparently the Toprol is doing it&#039;s job because I have not had any attacks.  I am so thankful for this medication as I suffered for many years thinking I was going to die, my heart would be so hard and fast. One time I could actually see my chest moving and it went on for about 20 minutes."
"Well I had unprotected sex and an hour later I took the plan b pill, I looked at reviews online of women saying they got pregnant even after they took plan b, but they also didn&#039;t mention how long after their incident they took it which was probably not soon enough. Plan b worked for me I got my period 2 weeks and a day early and I can&#039;t be more happy. I do recommend taking plan b the day of the incident or even the day after but I felt better by taking it the day of! The best way is to not have unprotected sex stops you from wondering and worrying! Hope I was helpful!"
"If your face doesn&#039;t respond to over the counter products, you don&#039;t need to try everything out there.  ProActiv, SkinID, OXY, they are all the same!  Don&#039;t hesitate to try this miracle drug.  Pay attention to the side effects, of course, but this is not just a treatment, it is a cure.  I had severe acne from 16 - 20 and I tried everything!  Doctors were so reluctant to use this Accutane, keeping it as a last resort.  Once they were finally convinced I wasn&#039;t responding to anything else, and that I wouldn&#039;t just outgrow it, they finally put me on it, and the results were dramatic.  Within weeks, I could actually feel the change in my skin.  My skin finally felt normal, instead of greasy and painful.  I wasn&#039;t afraid to touch it anymore."
"I have not started yet. I actually found out I had Hep C genotype 1a last year with a viral load of 16,100,000, yes that is right 16 million 100. I tryed to get approved for Harvoni and Zepatier, but I was turned down 16 times, because I was not sick enough. My doctor did my viral load again about a month ago and it went up to 19,568,000, which means in little ova a year it went up more then 4 million and I was not getting more infected by Hep C, because I&#039;ve been sober 16 months. So we finally put it in for the 17th time, and I got approved. So i will have 8 wks of treatment but I know I will need more cause my viral load is so high, so it better easier to get the second approval a lot easier. Wish me luck."
"On May 21, 2017, I shared a review, and want to add something that happened to me recently.  I always take my Movantic 25 MG, in the morning with my coffee.  Within a half an hour, I have a bowel movement enviably.  The only side effect is flatulence (gas).  The other morning, I ate first, then took my Movantic 25 MG; around a hour and a half later.  I NEVER had a bowel movement that day, and my stomach was really bothering me badly.  The next day, I took it as I normally do, and once again had a bowel movement, without any issues; except for flatulence (gas).  Hope this helps!"
"When I first started taking this medication I changed from Lovan, and for about 2 weeks I felt on top of the world! I was motivated, full of energy and was actually laughing after a long period of depression. It was all downhill from there... I reached the point where my brain just didn&#039;t feel &quot;right&quot;, I was more depressed than ever, feeling desperate and looking for a way out of feeling so low. I stopped taking the medication, initially to piss off my husband, and it was then that I realized this medication was the cause of my depressive moods, anxiety and anger. I would not recommend this medication to anyone without close psychiatric monitoring."
"I stopped after a week due to significantly decreased libido; I&#039;m giving it a few stars because I&#039;m not sure if it would have eventually helped my anxiety and depression since I wasn&#039;t on it long enough."
"I have been on Seroquel 300mg for over 5 years. I suffer from bipolar disorder, with this you don&#039;t sleep. Also am a recovering drug addict, due to pain from back surgery. If I didn&#039;t have this medicine I don&#039;t think I could live. 
This drug is taken with other medicines."
"I began Suboxone a week ago while in quite bad withdrawal from heroin. I was in a detox facility and lying on the dirty bathroom floor crying, because of so much pain in my abdomen. The nurse gave me a Suboxone and within an hour to an hour and a half I was up and eating and felt no pain whatsoever, even my arthritis didn&#039;t hurt. 
While I am afraid of withdrawing from the Suboxone, I know it can&#039;t be as bad as that day on the bathroom floor. 
Not only has it helped with my addiction to heroin, but I had to stop taking my Xanax in order to take the Suboxone and I haven&#039;t had a craving or desire for the Xanax either. I have been taking Xanax for 5 years or more and found Suboxone removed the withdrawal from them also."
"I&#039;ve struggled with fibromyalgia for 15 years. I was prescribed prednisone for bronchitis and in one days time I was pain free and had energy thru the roof! I struggle a lot with daily things and not having strength or energy to do them. It&#039;s very depressing. I&#039;ve considered asking my doctor to give it to me on a daily basis but I&#039;m a little unsure. The bone weakening and weight gain concern me. Especially since I&#039;m a mature women at age 42. Anyone that takes it, I ask do the pros outweigh the cons? Btw I&#039;m a recovering addict. Was addicted to pain pills. All prescribed by pain doctor for the fibromyalgia. I chose to come off them but had to have help. Will prednisone do me the same way?? Any advice would be appreciated. Thanks and God Bless!"
"Best antidepressant I&#039;ve tried. On 225mg, also on 5mg Olanzapine for BPD (helps with mood &amp; anxiety). Best combo I&#039;ve had to date, but doesn&#039;t make me energetic, but alleviates the C-PTSD, BPD and IBS, so it&#039;s a winner."
"My boyfriend is an alcoholic. He has been to treatment multiple times. He has suffered innumerable consequences.  For the last year I have been on the roller coaster of trying to find a way to be understanding and so on. It&#039;s been so, so, so hard. For the past month he has been taking this and so far it&#039;s been amazing! No drinking. He says his cravings are drastically reduced. His libido has taken a hit, but I&#039;ll take that over living with an active alcoholic any day."
"So I promised myself if this works, I have to write a review to put someone out of their worrying misery because believe me I WAS SCARED FOR 2 WEEKS STRAIGHT. So I had sex with my s/o on August 1st, with no condom or form of birth control (yes I know dumb but hey I&#039;m human ya know) and he came in me, completely. On this day, my period tracker app said I was fertile so this was completely worst case scenario to me. I took the plan b 3 hours after the incident, but boy let me tell you! I was nauseous for the whole week! In my head I was like &quot;yup, I&#039;m done for. I&#039;m pregnant.&quot;
Fast forward to August 17th, I got my period a day early and it is HEAVY and PAINFUL. Plan b works. RELAX PLEASE!"
"It was really good medicine for people with anxiety and panics disorders. I been taking sertraline (Zoloft) 100 mg and Buspar 20 mg total morning and evening and it was really helping me out with general anxiety and reduce panics from my daily life. I had this thing when I go in to any store myself I feel like everyone is watching me like I am going to steal something. That triggers my anxiety and my stomach aches and breathing pattern switch to worst situation ever. Facial all red and it was really painful life. Buspar took care 70 percent of that problem for others was 9 out of 10. I say Yes to Buspar. I suggest talk with your psychiatrist about acute anxiety and consult about having Buspar."
"If you take it right at the start of an outbreak it works really well. The sores that have already formed will disappear in about a week and it will completely stop any other sores from forming after the first dose. The only issue is that it makes me feel really ill. I feel nauseated all day, have diarrhea and completely lose my appetite."
"I promise to write about this if it work Girls I know you are worried, I swear I was like that when my bf ejaculated in me. At first I thought this pill work all year around so I allowed him but I later read that if you ovulated, it might not work so I was freaking out for months and I went through like 20+ pregnancy tests. I took plan b in February and now it&#039;s July so I can say this pill works. It does made me have PMS/pregnancy symptoms, I was spotting and my period was light. That alone made me wonder is this was implanation bleeding, luckily it&#039;s not. For me, it affected my period for so many months, it was much lighter and shorter before. Again I recommend this for emergency only. I now practice NFP or natural family planning."
"I was just increased to 1500 mg a day of Neurontin for Chronic Back Pain and Fibromyalgia.  I can tell that it takes the sharp edge off of the pain.  It does help a little, but a little is better than nothing. "
"Only benzodiazepine that worked completely. Been on all the others. Have tried antidepressants with negative results. So at the correct dose. Alprazolam is what I consider the hardest working anxiety and stress reliever available."
"I really like Pristiq so far. No problems, no weight gain, etc. "
"Works well "
"My lungs felt stuffy and a lot of nasal congestion. This had become so severe that I almost went to the emergency room on a couple of occasions thinking I was having extreme allergy problems."
"Percocet is by far the best."
"MOTIVATION MONDAY: to the lovely folks just like me who spend hours searching online forums looking for something to give you hope. I understand. I want to share what I&#039;ve learned. When I was in my darkest place I would read reviews about meds not working or awful side effects. I was convinced no medication would work for me because of this.  BUT this one did! Please know, there is a light at the end of the tunnel! ALWAYS. You are not alone. You are not crazy. Don&#039;t give up. You&#039;ll be feeling normal again before you know it. This too shall pass!"
"What is with the disposable applicators?  I&#039;m a grown woman and can handle pushing a pill inside my own vagina.  What I can&#039;t handle is throwing so much plastic straight into a landfill.  Vaginas don&#039;t have to be uber-sterile.
I can&#039;t justify so much waste, so even if this stuff works well, I&#039;ll have to try something else.  I guess the cream has a reusable applicator?"
"Absolutely horrid. Had this for over 2 years and could not take it anymore. Hair loss, weight gain, acne, depression, mood swings, dry skin, bloating, no sex drive.. The list goes on. After going on Skyla I got horrible stretch marks all over my butt, thighs, boobs, and hips. I am 20 years old, 5&#039;10 and weigh 136 pounds WTF!! I want to cry just thinking about birth control. I will never take birth control again. Look into charting and temperature reading. Been off skyla for a little over a month now and I already feel better, have lost some weight/bloating, hair stopped falling out. Maybe it works for some women, but it&#039;s not even worth the risk in my opinion."
"Do not get this shot!  It tried to ruin my life.  Heavy sporadic bleeding,  mood swings,  depression, headaches,  body aches, NO sex drive,  terrible cramps, I have little/no emotion for almost everything.  I only had 2 shots.  I just want to get back to my normal :("
"I have had hep C for 40 plus years it has not made me sick at all. This is all a scam. Save your $100,000.00"
"I had a terrible migraine on Friday and went to the doctors office.  The gave me a dose of Imitrex and within 15 minutes my headache was gone.  It did make me feel nauseated and my cheeks were tingling but it was 100x better than the headache."
"I can really tell the difference for the worst if I miss taking clonazepam."
"The first two weeks were great. I  was shocked that I slept through the night all week. I woke refreshed, not sleepy at all and just so happy.  I even checked there were no antidepressant mixed in the formula. All day, I felt fantastic.
Third week is different.  I am tired during the day and the evenings, I am so tired I can barely make it to 7pm without feeling like I am going to fall asleep standing up. I have a mild headache most days, like my head feels heavy and my nose is stuffy everyday, but isn&#039;t turning into a cold.  I had some strange thoughts after taking the half pill 5mg no hallucinations or sleep was at all.  I am calling the doctor to check if this is working for me. It really was something great"
"Horrible side effects (virtually all the ones listed) and did not cure my acne.  In fact, it made my acne about 10 times worse than before.  I find it strange that an &quot;initial breakout&quot; could last well over a month and be continuing to get worse, leaving scars that I never would have otherwise had.  This drug was a total disaster for me and I stopped after a couple months.  My face is still not back to how it was (which would be comparatively awesome and I had moderate-severe acne before), and to be perfectly honest this was the worst decision I could have made for my health and emotional wellbeing."
"I have been on medication for 14 months whilst the doctor tried to work out what the pain was. Finally had an MRI and I have 3 slipped discs. Have 100mg Tramadol 4x a day with 20mg Amitryptiline and it has no effect whatsoever. I read about Naproxen and have been prescribed it today.  The relief was almost immediate and I am hoping for my first solid nights sleep in over a year. Fingers crossed."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 for around 5 months and I am overall very happy with it. I am 16 and sexually active. The first three months were bad in terms of side effects. Lots of nausea, acne, spotting and cramping. But from the get go I went from heavy, long periods to very short light periods. For the past two months I have had just spotting for around 3 days, not exactly in correspondence with my brown pills but close enough. I no longer get bloated on my period, I do still have acne around my time of the month but that can be attributed to my negligence of going to the dermatologist in half a year. It worries me that some people get no period at all because pregnancy scares are definitely not my favorite. But now I feel safe and satisfied."
"I have been on Contrave for almost 3 weeks and I have lost a total of 9lbs. I am counting my calorie intake and exercising as well. I am up to 2 pills in the morning and 1 pill in the evening.I do find that when I take the 1 pill in the evening I get hungry and want to eat, eat, but I know how to control that by eating the right foods. Overall I love what Contrave has done for me."
"i took yasmin for one month, it was my first bc and it was the worst. i was handed a free sample of evil. i had a open sore appear on my face roughly the size of a dime and stayed open until i discontinued the use. my period also continued for the entire month. worst birth control i ever took and i have tried many now."
"Not perfect but pretty close. Switched from Paxil(no emotions)-&gt; Wellbutrin(aka severe anorexia)-&gt;Effexor. Basically all medications were pretty decent at anxiety coverage. I found Paxil to be the best without thinking of anything but anxiety attacks. Wellbutrin to be the least effective. Effexor was somewhere in the middle while still letting me enjoy life with an occasional anxiety attack. Since I&#039;ve been on Effexor I&#039;ve had maybe 3-4 small anxiety attacks in the span of 2-3 years."
"I have been taking these for 3 days now due to a persistent cough as presribed by my doctor. They seem to be doing nothing and I got more relief from an OTC cough medicine."
"I have only been on this medicine for 3 days.  It tastes very bad.  Use a Listerine strip if you don&#039;t like the taste.  It is not that bad for me.  I take it twice a day, but I have to drink a pot of coffee in the morning so not to fall asleep.  I feel better, not sure if it it is the coffee or the medicines.  I do sleep very well with it.  Haven&#039;t had this much sleep in years."
"I was prescribed Avelox for severe bronchitis, ear infection, and throat infection. I took the first pill and drank most of a 20 oz. bottle of water.  Within 20 minutes I fell asleep, and napped for about 2 hrs.  When I woke up, the throbbing pain in my ear was gone, and the swelling in my throat was significantly better!  I couldn&#039;t believe it after one dose and only a 2hr nap!  This medicine worked wonders for me, and  I had no side effects at all, that I know of.  But then again, with bronchitis, a throat infection, and an ear infection all at once, I probably wouldn&#039;t have noticed if I did!"
"The NuvaRing has been absolutely wonderful for me. I&#039;ve been using it for about 2 years and I just can&#039;t say enough good things about it. It&#039;s so easy it is to use and it&#039;s been extremely effective; not just in the obvious prevention of pregnancy, but also with controlling my acne and maintaing my weight; No moodiness, no depression. I understand that there isn&#039;t a &quot;one size fits all&quot; when it comes to birth control, but I would recommend to anyone that they at least give this a try to see how it suits them. Since it seems that everyone goes online to post their horror stories, I just wanted to say something positive about the NuvaRing because I think it&#039;s one of the best forms of birth control out there. I&#039;ll never go back to the pill!!"
"I am fifty-nine years old, I have been on 40mg of Micardis for over five years now, it does control my blood pressure, but the side effects include the following. When first subscribed Micardis, leg pains were like charlie horses, lasted about 7 months, mostly at night. For the last 2 years, my insomnia is getting worse, so I started taking 2000mg of vitamin D3 that helps with insomnia, now I&#039;m dealing with the constant coughing mostly at night. I will meet with my cardiologist within the next week, will ask for another blood pressure med."
"I had Nulasta 24 hrs after R-CHOP chemo for non Hodgkin&#039;s lymphoma   Some bone pain occurred . Most discomfort in jaw and  glands along both sides of throat.  Even ear drums ached. Nothing so bad I could not tolerate it. Lasted only  about 48 hrs at most.  Annoying but worth the better blood counts"
"I took the standard dose as prescribed. And not even 30 minutes later I&#039;m sneezing like crazy and nose is running like Niagara falls. Its claims of 24hr relief is garbage."
"I have been receiving Botox injections every 3 months for the past 2 yrs. The injections have helped my cervical dystonia pain &amp; muscle twitching."
"This one of the worst medication ever. It does not help, I end up in tears I am hurting so bad. I drop things, don&#039;t even notice, can&#039;t open things like I used too. The pain is unbearable, I just think this is a rubbish medication."
"I am researching the PRESCRIPTION-strength suppository but I am having no luck on this site. I had the Rx but ran out. By the way, it is much better than the OTC variety. Also, I need it for itching or irritation, post-radiation therapy, not hemorrhoids, but there seems to be no category for that."
"I have used all known sleepers and other off label medicines for sleepers and I have taken Silenor 6 mg for 3 nights.  It is amazing.  I fall asleep with no problems and stay asleep for 7-8 hours.  No hang over or other side effects.  I had been taking Remeron 60mg for sleep, as it was the best of all I had tried. I thought the Remeron was doing an okay job until I tried the Silenor.  I am thrilled and feel more rested then I have in years."
"I took Suboxone for 3 days straight and my withdrawals were gone. I&#039;ve been clean for 10 days - off Oxycontin."
"Before taking this medication I had anxiety and because of the anxiety I started to have insomnia. Was prescribed this medication and 3ish weeks later, I started to sleep just fine, anxiety was almost non-existent. I take this medication at night because it knocks me out. This medication also gives me nightmares which I can deal with. Plus my TMJ is better because I guess I don&#039;t grind my teeth at night anymore."
"I have had  problems with ulcers all my life and now I have Barrett&#039;s Esophagus to go with it. I&#039;ve taken all proton pump inhibitors known to man. Zegerid is the only one that relieves the pain immediately, you don&#039;t have to wait days for it to start working. I love Zegerid , is been the only one to work for me Insurance don&#039;t want to pay for it and it&#039;s really expensive, so my doctor has to call them and  explain why it is medically necessary."
"I have post traumatic stress disorder and PCs.  My psychiatrist switched me from Ativan to clonazepam a few weeks ago. It is powerful and effective. I am prescribed 0.5mg 3X daily (and 200mg of sertraline). It lasts a LONG time and can take up to 4 hours to peak, so if you take 0.5mg, wait a half hour, (decide its not working) and take another half.  I now take a quarter of a pill (0.25mg) at a time and give it at LEAST 2 hours to kick in (because I like being able to leave the house once in a while)."
"Pros: ease of use, decreased acne, reduced headaches which was wonderful.
Cons: 15 lbs weight gain in 6 months, unprecedented! Reduced sex drive and slight depression. Discharge and yeast infection for first 2 months, terrible breakthrough bleeding."
"This is the absolute best thing that I have used for migraines, muscle aches, and menstrual pain. I wish that OrudisKT was still available OTC."
"Okay so ive been having a bad smell, discharge for awhile, scared to come to my senses that SOMETHING IS WRONG, find out I have Chlamydia &amp; Gonnarhea, I was prescribed Doxycycleline, stomach BURNED WHEN TRYING TO EAT FOOD, missed a day but took it the next, DO NOT TRY TO CATCH UP, ONCE YOU MISS JUST CONTINUE YOUR 2 A DAY NOT ANYMORE THAN RECOMMENDED, but discharge, odor all cleared up within 5 days, still have until the end of the week( today&#039;s Tuesday) to take them, don&#039;t worry ladies, everything is okay, some things take longer on people"
"Ive been using this product for only 3 weeks but I strongly recommend it !! I used it 3 days in a row at first before I got to bed I applied it on my under arms let dry throw on a t-shirt and went to bed. Like some of you I also expirienced some burning/itching sensation, first day it&#039;s was very mild but the third day it was bad but not unbearable. After that I&#039;m just applying it 2x a week. It&#039;s a life changer before I couldn&#039;t even wear the tops I wanted it&#039;s was embarrassing walking around with there huge sweat stains on my underarms. But now I can wear what I please there&#039;s no need to put up with that anymore "
"I am on my 3rd mirena. Best thing I have done for my health. I experience very minor spotting. No full periods! No crazy weight gain. Love love love....except insertion/removal. Having had no children it&#039;s painful but after a day or two of cramping I&#039;m back to myself again. My partner appreciates the lack of a full period."
"I got implanon on Christmas Eve 2012 and I&#039;m making an appointment to have it removed- it&#039;s now March 2014.  At first, I had periods for several weeks.  Then, later I would spot here and there. I believe after a good 6 months being on it I haven&#039;t had a period, spotting, nothing.  So that part is fantastic. Not pregnant. Another plus. 

Bad parts?
I have easily gained about 5-10 lbs and I can&#039;t seem to shed them no matter what I do.  About 2-3 months after Implanon I developed seborrhoeic dermatitis around the crown of my hairline.  I&#039;ve tried everything and it will not go away (i.e.- cradle cap for adults basically). It&#039;s bad, like really bad. I&#039;ve read reviews/side effects and it&#039;s named as one.  Ugh."
"It works instantly."
"I am  a 18 yo female and had protected sex with my boyfriend. The condom broke (we didn&#039;t notice until it was too late) and I was not on birth control, so I bought the pill and took it less than an hour later. I felt very sick and crampy the next day, so I figured that meant that the pill was doing its job. However- I was wrong. I ended up pregnant but had a miscarriage. I do not recommend this pill and it definitely should not be relied on. It may work for some, but for others the consequences will be all too real."
"I have been on Kariva for almost 3 years and I have never got any bad side effects. I originally went on birth control because I get really bad cramps before I get my period, during, and after. I&#039;ve tried so many birth controls and this one is definitely the best. Like someone else said, be careful at CVS because they will sometimes switch you to their preferred generic Viorele which is the worst one I have EVER been on. It gave me migraines every 3 days, it was so bad. I am a little mad because I got new insurance and I have to pay more for Kariva but it is worth it. It is definitely the best one out of this group!"
"Prepopik is HORRIBLE. If your doctor recommends it (which it seems like they are because people like the idea you only have to drink 5 oz two times) it does not work! I took it at 5pm as instructed, drank more than the amount of water instructed, and did not have a bowel movement until 10pm---it was normal, and then only until 1am did it seem to be working, but just that one time. Then I started it 2 hours earlier than instructed the next morning since I knew it took a long time to work....4 hours later, still nothing. I had to call the doctor and they said to go get an enema or else my procedure would be cancelled. Imagine going through all that prep for no procedure!! Prepopik was the WORST colon prep I have ever used."
"I find the drug to be effective; have taken in combination with prednisone."
"I started taking Wellbutrin a month ago and I knew at that time I wasn&#039;t a &quot;happy&quot; person, indifferent to most things, didn&#039;t really like going out, etc. I asked my doctor for it initially for quitting smoking which I did one week into taking it. I feel more level and that&#039;s probably the word I would use, doesn&#039;t hurt matters that I quit drinking as well. Just switched it up today to the brand name to see if that does anything different, the generic definitely did help me."
"Prozac worked wonders for my anxiety and mild depression. I always struggled with PMS-related anxiety, but after some big life changes, morning anxiety was more and more frequent and my motivation and drive to accomplish anything was low. I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed, even though nothing was wrong with my life. I just had an overarching feeling of hopelessness. Went to the doctor and she prescribed 20mg. Had bad nausea the first two weeks, then it went away, but I was still struggling with anxiety some mornings. She bumped me up to 40mg, and although it&#039;s only been a few days, I can totally tell a difference. I&#039;m more motivated, happy and content. No anxiety. No nausea. Grateful for this med. I feel good for the first time in awhile."
"I had been on Seroquel since 1997 and had gained a lot of weight.  I also had the side effects of type 2 diabetes, high cholestoral, etc. from taking it so long.  But Seroquel worked for me.  So in an effort to loose weight and the &quot;bad&quot; side effects I switched to Latuda.  Lutuda didn&#039;t do squat for me in the sleep department, so I ended up taking a half pill of Seroquel and a dose of Latuda.  This worked well for about a year.  I lost a ton of weight and my overall health improved.  However, I slipped into a major depressive episode in less than a year and had to go back to the &quot;tried and true&quot; Seroquel.  Feeling better, but gained back a lot of weight.  Never thought a drug marketed for BP depression would make me depressed."
"My wife and son both got the H3N2 strain that wasn&#039;t covered by the vaccine and I hadn&#039;t had the flu in about 20 years, so there was no chance I had any immunity.  I asked my doc for a prophylaxis prescription of Tamiflu, and being the cool doc that he is, he obliged.  In spite of being coughed on  multiple times by my son and caring for 2 people who had the flu, I remained flu free.  I&#039;m very impressed.  I&#039;m amazed people have to pull teeth the get a prescription for this medicine as a prophylaxis."
"Like many on this sight, I had the same terrible symptons that paralyzed me in front of even the smallest group - even my own direct reports.  I was prescribed propranolol and I am my old self again.  THANKS"
"I moved to another state 4 months prior to taking this med. I was experiencing a lot of highs and lows....sadness, irritability, increased anxiety due to moving 2 states away from family/friends. I already take Wellbutrin which I&#039;ve been on for a decade to control anxiety and SAD. By the end of week 1 I noticed a feeling of &quot;levelness&quot; of my general mood, by end of week 2 my boyfriend noticed the positive change by end of week 3 I still feel pretty good as far as the highs and lows being gone but now I&#039;m starting to notice a lowered libido and decreased reaction to sexual stimuli-it&#039;s extremely difficult to reach orgasm. I will continue the med for awhile as I do believe it&#039;s working for the mood but am unsure about staying on it long term."
"This is a medicine my son is using/abusing. It is highly addictive.  I see no benefits for long term use. Even after 90 day rehab he went straight back to his doctor and lied about the nature of his treatment and got a new supply. He basically sleep walks through the day. Before this he never used anything stronger than asprin."
"Celexa helped pull me out of my alcohol addiction while going to AA. After I had been sober and taken Celexa for 6 months here is where I had ended up: I was completely addicted to working out (positive addiction thank God, I also have an addictive personality) slight erectile dysfunction, didn&#039;t really want to clean my apartment, and slept about 10-11 hours a day. Celexa gave me more energy than Zoloft. I still had a GREAT deal of anxiety though. Coming off any SSRI is going to be bad but Celexa pulled me out of the hole. "
"For the second time in few months I&#039;m getting hives an hour or so after taking this medication. First time around they were really bad. Second time as soon as I got the itching and few hives I took an antihistamine that helped with the hives."
"Wonderful drug. I have been on it for over six months and it has remained consistent. I used to be on Concerta, which was ok, but I felt as if it lost its potency. Vyvanse allows me to focus and maintain concentration. It also gives me a boost of energy. At times when I have missed a dose and left the house for the day I have felt tired and disinterested in the activities I was involved in. I have no side effects from it but I rarely have side effects to any drug. I have read that you are not supposed to have vitamin C while on it because it can interfere with the drug&#039;s ability to metabolize in one&#039;s system. I avoid vitamin C during the day and take some at night. Take it around 8 or 9 so you can sleep at night."
"I started Phentermine, prescribed by my primary care physician, and it has been nothing short of amazing in my case.  I started taking it at 372.4 pounds. Within a matter of 4 days of taking the medication I noticed a HUGE change.  This gives me energy, and makes me feel not hungry at all.  In 5 days, I lost  11.3 pounds.  I don&#039;t have any of the nasty side effects that everybody mentions, but medications affect people differently.  I take the Phentermine EVERY day at the SAME time, and am already noticing a difference.  Along with not making you feel hungry, when you do eat, it makes you feel full.  FAST."
"It works but is hard to regulate dose. I always eat a lot fruits and veg so sometimes I cut down dosage then stop going. Some others have results in a day or two, takes at least 3 to 4 days for me. Eating the way I do its hard to regulate especially having to wait for result. I really like the product, just sometime it works too good!!!"
"I have been on Rapaflo for 2 weeks. Prior to taking Rapaflo my urine stream was weak. It is now far stronger, I can pee twice as quickly on average. Very impressive. Flomax caused me to be dizzy, Rapaflo doesn&#039;t. Two side effects; 1) as many others have written, absolutely NO sperm during ejaculation (a really weird thing, and I am glad I read this forum otherwise I would have panicked). 2) Nose bleeds that last 5 minutes, probably due to the pill lowering blood pressure and/or thinning the blood."
"I&#039;m 20 years old and this was my first experience with yeast infection. I usually do a review on something before buying /trying a product and man was a surprised last night. I used the 7 day miconazole and I. Was sooo mad. I never experienced an itch so intense, so irritating in my LIFE. I was literally screaming and kicking like a child it was terrible. I barely could sleep. I thought something was seriously wrong and called my mom. She said this was normal and something us women had to deal with. I went to work the next day I felt little to no itching which made me happy and I  though &quot;maybe I should give it a chance&quot; Anyway its going to be my second night out of seven I&#039;m wondering if I should go through with it but I need to end this."
"Had to use this for the final step of the bowel prep for colonoscopy. I tolerated a MiraLAX and Gatorade combination for three hours. I started that at 5 o&#039;clock. Was finished by 7:30. At 9 o&#039;clock I was instructed  to take two tiny Ducolax  pills. I awoke at 11 to severe nausea. I dry heaved for about a half hour and then started vomiting violently. I broke out in a cold sweat and my hands went numb. I thought my husband was going to have to take me to the emergency room . The vomiting lasted for an hour. I finally fell asleep at 1:30 in the morning. I informed my G.I. prior to the call anoscopy about my horrible experience with this drug. I will never take it again."
"Have suffered all my life with IBS. Not diaganosed until 25. Librax saved my life."
"I had vivid frightening dreams. Jerking of leg muscles and sleeplessness"
"Mirena has worked great for me. I got it shortly after my first child. I had it for three years and almost immediately my periods got lighter and eventually I didn&#039;t have them anymore. I never had trouble with it."
"I do not mind having to mix the medicine, but the needle size is so large (not long) that I am finding it hard to insert it into my stomach.  I am a coward and tend to insert the needle slowly instead of fast."
"I was on this pill for three years,  took it exactly as directed every day, and I&#039;m now pregnant. While I didn&#039;t gain weight or feel sick, getting pregnant while correctly taking birth control would make this a terrible choice..."
"I was in a deep depression about a year ago. I was taking Lexepro and Ativan. I saw very little improvement after five months. My doctor added 2mg of Abilify. Within two days, the clouds had lifted. The worrying started to dissipate. I was able to think clearer with each passing day. I did notice a weight gain, but my doctor said this was because I was feeling better. I dropped the Abilify after about six months. My advice is to stay with it. As with most drugs, you start to feel better and don&#039;t need it any more. Wrong. Circumstances come up and you are in the pits again. I started back on Abilify last night."
"I was very nervous when I was prescribed this medicine due to some other reviews I have read. I have had a sinus infection for the last 5 weeks and didn&#039;t clear up with the first round of Amoxicillin. I was given 500 mg of Levaquin for 10 days. I&#039;m on day 9 and the sinus infection is completely gone. It took about 5 days for it to really start working. The only side effects I had were low appetite and trouble sleeping. The trouble sleeping was hard to deal with but I offset it with Unisom and that seemed to do the trick. I also took the medicine after lunch instead of right before bed. No upset stomach like I normally get with antibiotics. Would definitely use again and recommend."
"I&#039;m writing about my 18 year old daughter who is currently on Topamax.  She has suffered from migraines since she was about 12 years old.  They would take her out for 2-3 days each, occurring anywhere from 2-6 times a month.  When she was first given Topamax we thought it was the greatest medication ever.  Problem solved, she felt that the tingling fingers, and face as well as the flat soda taste was well worth not suffering from migraines.  HOWEVER - and I can not stress this enough  as she increased her dose, she exhibited personality changes.  She became depressed and overall just wasn&#039;t herself.  Thankfully we recognized this and are working with her Dr. to back off the Topamax.  We will be looking into other options.  Not worth it!"
"I was on the Depo Vera for 4 years. It prevents pregnancy and I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking any meds or what not. But if I didn&#039;t take the depo right when it was due I would spot like crazy. I decided to stop because it just wasn&#039;t normal. I stop taking the depo vera (Feb-16-2015) it is now (June-3-2015) I&#039;m still bleeding. My sex life is a wreck me and my boyfriend just deal with it because I will not suffer because of this lol. My advice don&#039;t do it. It&#039;s horrible and it really messes up your mensual cycle."
"Coming up on my 5 year anniversary so anastrozole evidently works.  However, after my last bone density test I find that my bones have thinned significantly and now have osteoporosis.  Have had other side effects, hot flashes, insomnia, joint pain, weight gain, thinning nails &amp; hair but didn&#039;t attribute anything other than hot flashes to the anastrozole.  To prevent cancer I can live with most of those but if I had known how fast my bones were thinning I don&#039;t know if I would have stayed with it."
"Controls blood pressure."
"Had insomnia ever since I can remember, when I went to the doctor he prescribed me amitriptyline  25mg it does not help at all. It makes me fell like a zombie, and it makes me feel &quot;dull&quot;.  I talk slow, and feel like I can&#039;t stand, but when I do sleep I sleep way too well. It&#039;s hard to wake up and when I do I feel tired all day."
"I was given the medication by my family doctor for a muscle I pulled in my back. Even after 3 days I am still in pain. It has done nothing for me. "
"I have smoked since I was 12, quit from the age of 15-16 and started smoking again. I am
currently 37. In the summer on a nice day sitting outside I could blow through 4 packs, winter 3 packs. I literally could suck down an entire cig in 3 minutes. I know two packs a day is considered a heavy smoker, 4 is death. I couldn&#039;t stop. 

Today is day 11 of Chantix and I am down to 1 cig a day. The medicine literally doesn&#039;t allow you to find any enjoyment in smoking. It tastes different, feels different and you do not get the blood stream satisfaction like you once did. People, if this medication can make me not enjoy a cig trust me when I say it&#039;s a miricle drug. I intend on writing the makers a
thank you e-mail."
"I had this treatment in January 2015 and it worked for me almost immediately. I will say that I was already doing catheters and I still do them twice a day if I didn&#039;t I would probably never pass urine so something to think about. I wish that I had this years ago when I was scared to leave the house or was always trying to think of where I could get to a public toilet.

I have secondary Multiple Sclerosis and would like to ask if anyone has had problems with their legs since this procedure? I am falling at least once a day and this had started since the Botox."
"I&#039;ve been on Methadone for 5 years due to chronic pain from diffuse scleroderma and acute myositis. I tried every possible OTC med, narcotics (including high doses of morphine and fentanyl), Neurontin, Lyrica, physical therapy and nerve blocks. Nothing helped and I barely functioned....could barely walk to the bathroom and thought suicide was my only option for relief.
Fortunately a new pain doctor recommended Methadone. Titrated up to 20mg 3 times a day with wonderful results along with oxycodone 30mg 3-4 times a day for breakthrough pain. I was able to walk 3 miles each day, no sedation or side effects. A new doctor tried to wean me off both with horrible pain returning...changed docs and back to previous doses. A Godsend drug!!"
"My mother has been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis for the past 12 years. She started out using Avonex and her symptoms got worse. The doctors discovered new lesions and my mother spells got more intense. She was finally put on Copaxone and has no regrets. She has no new lesions and Myelin sheath has been repairing. She has used Copaxone for 10 years, and would recommend it to anyone suffering with MS."
"I was very skeptical when my lifelong dr retired, and my new doctor wanted to switch me from MS Contin to Methadone, for my LA pain med. I had never heard anything either way about methadone as far as pain, it is just associated with opiate detox, and replacement therapy, and I did not like the thought of being prescribed it. To my great surprise, the 10mg four times a day, worked miracles in my life, with very little, to no noticeable side effects. Really helped the pain, didn&#039;t make me feel doped up or itchy. He&#039;s since sent me to a pain specialist, I&#039;m now on the &quot;high powered&quot; stuff e.g. Opana ER, doesn&#039;t really help much. On 40mgs TID. Don&#039;t know what the hype is over the Opana, doesn&#039;t work that great for me, and for relieving my pain"
"If you&#039;re thinking of getting nexplanon or any other birth control for that matter, I want to warn you most people on the internet exaggerate A LOT. As for my background I&#039;ve had the Mirena IUD and Nexplanon. I&#039;m 18, never been pregnant. Nexplanon has been good for me insertion was painless and quick. As for side effects, I&#039;ve just had a little bit of acne but nothing major and I&#039;m not even sure it&#039;s a side effect from the implant. I&#039;ve lost a few pounds since getting nexplanon because it does suppress my appetite quiet a bit ( from 125 to 118) the first couple days after insertion I was a little nauseous and couldn&#039;t really eat. Other than that nothing else has changed and I&#039;m not pregnant so that&#039;s good."
"I have  Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor Associated Periodic Syndrome (TRAPS Syndrome) and am in near constant pain (joints, pleurisy &amp; abdominal)
I started with 90mg of Cymbalta after breakfast and it certainly takes the edge off of the pain! I don&#039;t really have any side effects to speak of. I also take Plaquenil &amp; Sulfasalazine for joint stiffness and rash with fever."
"Nitrolingual pumpspray is the best thing to come along in awile.
It is so more convenient than the nitr-pills.
Taste alot better too."
"I was put on this medication for interstitial cystitis and before I had suffered severe bladder and abdominal pain for almost 2 yrs before I discovered I had IC. I would have the most terrible bladder pain and not be able to walk or get out of bed or I would have severe bladder spasms and would wake up in the middle of the night and go sit in a hot bath to relieve the pain. The hot baths were the only thing that made the spasms not so so bad. One weekend I had a terrible flare up and the baths didn&#039;t work nothing did my doctor put me on 10 mg of amitriptyline and it has really been a huge life saver. I can&#039;t say I don&#039;t have flare ups now and then but the pain is now where near what it was."
"My expereince is not good.  It did lower by blood pressure by 15 points, but the side effects are not worth it. It caused me to have problems focusing and concentrating on my work, memory loss, and increased stress and depression.  I noticed the problems the first week I took the medicine.  My boss also noticed the problems, which was confirmation that it was my new medicine.  I went off the medicine and my brain is back to normal.  I am a computer programmer, so my brain has to function at its best.  I wouldn&#039;t take this medicine if your brain has to function at top performance or you have problems with stress/depression because it made my depression worse and I felt more stressed out for no reason."
"I had the skyla put in after my period cramps had gotten just to much to handle. The birth control side of it was also a big reason as I have a long term relationship, so Skyla seems to be a great option for me. My older sister had Mirena put in just awhile before. And she said it hurt a great deal with insertion. So I was very nervous. I got it inserted and it felt like a 6 on pain; not even comparable to some of the cramps I had previously. I bled the next day with moderate cramping. Within two days the cramps were gone. The only thing bad about it is I spotted for about 2 cycles. Which isn&#039;t that bad because it&#039;s not a constent flow. It is only brownish dried blood that a pantyliner can easily handle.  No symptoms ever after that! 2 yrs!"
"Following a radical prostatectomy in 2006, I started using Axiron in April 2013. Within 3 days, immediate improvement in sexual performance to like prior to surgery condition.  Sex went from once every 1-2 months to 2-3 times a week. My wife said &quot;what&#039;s gotten into you&quot;? Even on some occasions Erectile Dysfunction pills where not even needed. Lately it seems the effects have diminished for unknown reasons. I&#039;m healthy, eat a good diet, I do a power walk 5 days a week (4 miles) and lift weights 3 days a week. I use 30 mg under each arm once a day. No irritation issues. I&#039;m just hoping the feelings of when I first started the medication returns."
"This medicine worked really well for my shoulder pain. Also helped with severe migraines."
"I&#039;m a 47 year old male that takes 5mg Amlodipine in combination with 20mg Lisinopril. The two medicines are fairly effective at keeping my blood pressure at around 116/65 but the side effects with both are miserable. I get lightheadedness and sudden dizzy spells constantly. There has got to be a better solution. I felt fine with high blood pressure and now feel a lot worse."
"I have been diagnosed for 3 years with tachycardia and the doctor does not know why I have such a high heart rate. Was put on this medicine. Still at rest my heart rate is over 100. Yesterday he upped the dosage from 180 to 240mg. I&#039;m so tired of having this problem and taking this medicine. "
"I have several BED signs. ie-hiding my food intake, feeling extreme guilt over it. I hide food from my husband as I am very ashamed of my 45lb weight gain over the past two years. I feel too that I have a serious addiction to food, particulary sugar. I eat a lotta lotta food In my waking hrs (&amp; middle of night.) i dont eat enough in one sitting to make me feel ill. My psychiatrist prescribed vyvanse 20mg a yr ago. I took it for several days two seperate times but was anxious as anything, mind racing, sleepless so I stopped. But i have become desperate &amp; further out of control w/ my eating. I am a week in at 20mg. All the same side effects as before. Am sticking with it &amp; hoping for a major decrease in these behaviors"
"I tried for six months and would always wake up after only 3 hours. I was great for 4 or 5 days and then would sink into deep depression and threaten family with suicide for about 2 days. . Could never get sleep under control. Made my mood swings more dramatic. Have stopped and gone back to geodon. Just have to put more effort in personally to make myself better to get past serious depression."
"I&#039;m taking Loseasonique birth control pills...still on the first pack. I&#039;m half way through the first pack that is for 3 months. Everything is normal for me but I&#039;ve been bleeding lightly or should I say spotting for just about a month now. I have a week and a month before I finish with this pack. Just ready for the spotting to stop, but other than that I have no other problems or symptoms."
"Started to get post nasal drip horribly over four months ago. tried every otc drug know for allergies, remove bedroom carpet, bought high end humidifier, air purifier, netti potted and drank four liters of water a day. Nothing helped and i would wake up every hour and a half coughing from mucus build up. This medication stopped my symptoms within 2 days.
Its very expensive but worth every penny."
"My dermatologist recommended Acanya and Retin A but I decided not to use Retin A because of the side effects, so I just use Acanya once every morning and I love it. It truly works. I recommend this to anyone to try it, everyone reacts differently."
"I have been on Methylin ER for about a year and a half. I still have a lot of difficulty with ADHD symptoms, but the medication helps.  I can tell when I don&#039;t take it properly, my symptoms increase.  I have only had to increase the dosage once in about six months. I think that I need another increase now. I have not had any problems with side effects. My appetite is fine, no sleep issues (if anything, I sleep better now), no anxiety or increased blood pressure."
"I was unable to walk, dress myself, cook, write, or barely function. My family doctor was treating me for mini-strokes but finally agreed I should see a neurologist. He started me on Mirapex that day as he could tell that I had Parkinson&#039;s by my appearance and actions. I have been on 1.5 mg 3 times a day for a year and am back to living again. I dread to think of where I would be without Mirapex. I don&#039;t have any side effects."
"I used Zyrtec for years, not because I wanted to, but because if you stop taking Zyrtec you itch all over constantly.  You don&#039;t just itch for 3 days like you do when ceasing other allergy meds, it doesn&#039;t stop ever. I was finally able to kick it by decreasing the quantity very gradually for a few months while also taking Benadryl.  It can be done."
"My boyfriend and I had sex July 17 and the condom broke , about 1 hr after we both went to pharmacy and got Plan B I took it right away and only experienced being nauseous and dizzy , my period was suppose to come July 23 but it came 5 days later on the 28 , it&#039;s natural for the pill to make your period come later than expected but all in all the pill worked for me so just relax and let the pill do it&#039;s work."
"I&#039;ve been on Brintellix for four days now after switching from Cymbalta and I am completely regretting it. I felt great for the first day but now feel as bad as I did when I first sought treatment. I&#039;m dizzy and nauseous, I&#039;ve had trouble falling asleep, I&#039;m constantly hungry, I itch everywhere, and I feel like I&#039;m always about to start crying. I&#039;ve had suicidal thoughts of a severity and frequency I haven&#039;t had since before I went on Cymbalta. I very nearly contacted a crisis help center last night, I felt so bad -- and I don&#039;t even really know what triggered it. I&#039;ll discuss it with my therapist tomorrow but I really want to stop taking it; I&#039;m actually nervous about trying to hold out for a month before I see my psychiatrist again."
"It helped me alot ..."
"I use Adderall XR 20mg at morning wake up for narcolepsy and find it effective. It helps like nothing else to start a day off &quot;awake&quot; as can be. I am also prescribed 20mg IR taken twice throughout the day as needed.  As well as Nuvigil (armodafinil) 150mg at night right before sleep. Balancing meds is vital for this disease. 

But back to the point Adderall XR is amazing."
"I have taken Paxil for about 6 months. I have not had any weight gain as I had previously with other medications.  I feel emotionally much more stable and the side effects have been minimal.  I still feel tired occasionally and have some trouble with my short term-memory but my overall quality of life seems to be better and although I still feel mildly blue at times the feeling is not as intense and doesn&#039;t linger for weeks.

Happy with the medicine."
"Great for congestion but I haven&#039;t slept for several days.  I even stopped the second dose and took the pill at 7am, fell sleep normally but wide wake by 2am...fourth night like this but I am hoping to avoid sinusitis by taking this."
"I&#039;ve been on contrave since January 2016, starting weight of 253lbs. I&#039;m down to, and holding at 185 lbs!

I&#039;ve had a few minor side effects such as headaches and minor nausea but it lessened to the point of being almost unnoticeable. 

One positive side effect is my libido has increased tremendously. I feel like I&#039;m 18 years old again and my wife simply can&#039;t believe it. Not sure if she is happy about it or not. My physician told me it&#039;s likely a placebo effect, but if I&#039;m happy, then no worries. Oh, yeah, I&#039;m happy."
"I had Graves disease 20 years ago and my thyroid was burned out with irradiated iodide. I was put on Synthroid daily and gained almost 80 pounds over the years. I had all the bad headaches, fatigue, water retention, brain fog etc. Finally I started working for a functional medicine doctor who specializes in bioidentical hormone treatment. I signed up and we switched me over to Armour. I have only been taking it for about a week and I am already starting to feel better. I will report back in another week to say how I am feeling. "
"I am not sure which Impant I got but I am sure it is the Nexplanon. I got this may, 2015. I had a period for at least 2-3 months, straight. I have went from weighing 150 to 220 pounds. I have experienced major mood swings, feeling really
low about life, horrible cramps, headaches all the time. I still have irregular periods. Sometimes I bleed for 2 weeks or more straight or I bleed for 4 days, stop for a day and continue bleeding. Sometimes I dont even have a period. Everyones body is different and react to birth control differently but I recommend you not get the implant. I had an awful experience with it. I get it taken out in 7 days and I am looking forward to it. I have talked to others and they have a awful experience with it as well."
"Simvastatin 40mg, one tablet taken at bedtime. I weighed about 240 lbs. This medicine is effective at lowering lipids and triglycerides when taken regularly. Clinical trials prove these medicines lower stroke &amp; heart attack risk.

Also take soluble fiber immediately after meals when possible to supplement cholesterol reduction and Vitamin B6 to lower homocysteine levels.  Skip a dose if you are going to have alcohol beverages that evening or day, so it doesn&#039;t over-tax your liver.  Same with acetaminophen.

Most noticeable side effect is mild insomnia and some mild muscle stiffness, both managed with daily Yoga and regular exercise.  Hoping to get lowering dose to 20mg in a month or so, assuming blood tests show positive results."
"I&#039;ve been on doxy for almost 4 weeks now and it has made my acne horrible. I have huge pimples covering my cheeks and chin. I know it&#039;s supposed to get worse before it gets better but this is almost not worth it. How long does it take before it gets better? I&#039;m losing patience."
"This is the first time I have ever posted a review of anything online, but I feel an obligation to share my experience to other suffering with anxiety. I suffer from GAD which included panic attacks, muscle aches, and a horrible temper.  I avoided this medication fearing weight gain (as I already gained 10 lbs over the year) and sexual dysfunction.  When I explained this to my doctor, he replied &quot;Have you ever considered whether being anxious has caused you to eat more, drink more, and maybe have sex less often?&quot;. I have been on Lexapro for 6 months now, and my only regret is not starting this treatment sooner. I have lost 15 lbs as I don&#039;t eat and drink as much anymore, and my love life has improved. Anxiety sucks. You don&#039;t have to suffer!"
"Saphris has done wonders for me. I have been on 10mg at night since July 7th and I have lost 4lbs already. I was on Invega paliperidone 9mg for 10 years. No matter how hard I tried (fasting, counting my calories) I couldn&#039;t lose weight. I like how Saphris puts me to sleep right away but I&#039;m not tired the next day.Also, I have my sex drive back which I never had on Invega. I am so glad they have come up with better medications these days."
"For me being skinny never felt right. I was skin and bones all the time and that really affected my self confidence. In 2011, my mother introduced me to this medicine and I love her extra for it. I moved from being just 110 at 5ft 11ins to 155 in a few months. A month ago when i checked my weight I was 170lbs, damn how I was happy about it. But now I am going through a stressful time in my life (he got someone pregnant) I have already lost 7lbs. I am back on this medicine again and hopefully I gain the lbs I lost recently. It does make you really sleepy at first but then I feel like my body got use to it."
"Due to having AML (leukemia) and having hundreds of bone marrows aspirates done, I now have to take Soma due to lower back pain."
"Levaquin knocked my bacterial or sinus infection out in 20 days.  I was having headaches every morning for months and not sleeping well.  This really stopped my infection.  I could tell that the infection was busting up because my headaches stopped and my sleep improved significantly.  The headaches were like something squeezing on my brain that would not allow me to think well most of the day.  I was not sleeping well at night and tired most of the day.  This made all the difference and has put me back to normal.  There is a tremendous difference in my daily work, alert, awake, and sleeping performance after the treatment cleared up my infection.  "
"I had to take 250 mg of Cephalexin 5 times a day for 5 weeks because a pitbull attacked me. I got bit on my nose and foot. I needed to have 3 stitches on my nose and 20 on my foot - it wasn&#039;t fun but Cephalexin helped a lot because it killed the bactiria and stopped the pain. I am only 11 years old."
"I&#039;ve had IBS-C for at least 2 years. In the last year, it has become increasingly worse which resulted in me being diagnosed with pelvic floor dysfunction. Like most of you, I could barely go...nothing seemed to help: Miralax, Philips, etc. I was resuming to using enemas a few times a week just to get some relief. Because of this, I was feeling tired all the time, moody and having horrible headaches. It left me feeling awful. I recently started this medicine, and it has been a God-send. I went from never being able to go on my own to at least once a day. I take it with food and water. I read the reviews on here beforehand, so I made sure to follow what others said. The first day I took it, I felt a little nauseous, but haven&#039;t since."
"I have finished 3 doses and will make another appointment to let doctor know I will be discontinuing this medication. I have experienced the following: pain under ribs, stomach ache for two weeks now, terrible bloating and reflux that wakes me up at night. I sleep elevated and have taking 40 mg omeprazole for reflux for years. My reflux has been controlled for years but It is not working with this new medication. I&#039;m 53."
"This medicine is literally a life changer. For so long I took adderall to get me through the day and to sustain focus during college courses. Adderall gave me severe anxiety and depression and I thought I had lost all hope seeing as that is &quot;the best&quot; drug for ADD... WRONG! Modafinil gives you the same level of focus without ANY side effects... no anxiety, no depression, no euphoria (which is great because adderall is very addictive) and minimal weight loss. It has improved my life to the point that my friends and family members have been commenting on how great I sound. I just wanted to share my experience (never have before, but I felt compelled to because this is an emotional topic for me) in case you&#039;re nervous about giving it a shot."
"I&#039;ve been on Nexaplonon for 6 weeks now and have been on my period for 3 of those weeks. It&#039;s been really frustrating for me because even though my boyfriend is very supportive, understanding, and doesn&#039;t mind having sex while I&#039;m spotting, it still makes me feel selfconscoius. On the plus side I have had no cramps! No weight gain yet... And i have acne that keeps popping up but I&#039;m not sure if that&#039;s due to the implant or not. I&#039;ll stick with it for a couple months to see how my body adjusts to it but right now I&#039;m thinking I should have stuck to the shot."
"The first night there was no problem. Since then every time I have attempted to use it, it really hurt. I am thinking at this point I&#039;d rather sweat."
"First time using it.  Had discectomy in Feb &#039;09 and now have Stenosis which required steroid injections which started today.  The Zanaflex worked amazingly quick on the muscles/tissues directly around L4 - L5.  Not doing much for the radiating spasming in the hip/buttocks/thigh though.  Do not seem to be having any real side effects which is key!  Wish it kicked in quicker though and hope it helps with restful sleep at night.  Optomistic!"
"I have never had any problems with any medications until after I had open heart surgery. Crestor is now giving me leg pain and weakness, along with the pale stools."
"I used to take Adderall.  My current doctor told me that Adderall is actually amphetamine and that while amphetamine will work for ADHD, it damages dopamine cells by releasing the dopamine inside the cell. She also said that there is increasing evidence that amphetamines increase risk for parkinson&#039;s disease even when it is used as directed."
"I went to ER for a three day migraine after sumatriptan wouldn&#039;t work.  I was given a cocktail of Benadryl, Reglan, and toradol in an IV.  After a few minutes I became very restless and couldn&#039;t stop shaking.  My pulse and blood pressure skyrocketed.  I felt like my head was going to explode.  I called the nurse and was given more Benadryl to counteract the Reglan.  I slept great for almost 3 hours in the ER and my migraine was gone when I left."
"My problem isn&#039;t getting to sleep..it&#039;s STAYING asleep. I have found that after trying Lunesta (nasty-nasty aftertaste for an entire day afterwards..and the hangover!) I much prefer Ambien but it has to be &quot;CR&quot;
...and crystal clear the next day. Never had any problem with after effects..ever. Problem is..Dr stopped prescribing sleep aides as too addictive, however even after reminding him that the last bottle of 50 lasted me about three years..he still wasn&#039;t willing. This needs to be over the counter. "
"Some general ill feelings, feels a lot like I&#039;m taking  hydrocodone"
"Re: lost_found1982
Stick to your guns - You know your body better than everyone else!

Less than 2 years ago I was in hospital with a very serious illness which needed to be attended to first before I was able to start Atripla. The period between Christmas &amp; New Year 2012 included a positive result to a HIV test (as a Christmas present) and a CD4 count of 13 as the surprise in the box - Seriously!

It would not be until late March last year when I took my first tablet and have never looked back &amp; currently have a count of 484. I took charge of my body in conjunction with 2 GP&#039;s, a specialist and a clinical Psychologist to get me through many hurdles, heartbreaks &amp; trusted friends.

I&#039;m back at working outdoors &amp; enjoying the gift!"
"Not expensive. Causes very few side effects. Just painful stomach ache."
"I had a friend tell me about Venlafaxine and how it helped her hot flashes. I&#039;m so happy I took her advice! Not only did it eliminate my hot flashes it improved my mood and took away the irritability  I had. My husband calls it my happy pill. It&#039;s so nice to not have the hot flashes and feeling so irritable.  This was a much better choice for then taking hormones! I&#039;ve had to increase the dosage over the last year to 150 mg."
"As someone who has a needle phobia and a history of factor five in my family, I opted for the mini pill. I also have chronic migraine headaches, occasionally with auras, so that limits my options again. Upon readings Errin&#039;s reviews, I was nervous. However, a month and a half in, I have no weight gain, no moodiness, the only negative thing for me was my periods. Out of a month and a half, I have had 3 weeks of bleeding, however it is lighter than usual and took my period down from 7 days average to 3-4 days average. I take my pill at the EXACT time everyday, I recommend setting an alarm. Also,I have been diagnosed with seasonal affective disorder (a form of depression) and generalized anixety disorder, and Errin has had no effect on my mood"
"For what it does, this worked great.  Mixed according to doc instructions (1 bottle, fill to 16 oz with water).  Like others suggested, refrigerating it first seemed to help.  USE A STRAW!   I tried drinking it first, and it is pretty vile.  With the straw, it went right down.  I alternated a drink or two of Gatorade in between.  Second dose was easier than first for me.

Worked in 20 minutes or so, and did a perfect prep.  No cramping, just a teeny tiny bit of nausea (probably from drinking so much liquid)

The prep was no where near as bad as I thought - in fact, I thought it was a breeze.  Just stay on the potty and have a lot of reading material.   Get medicated wipes.  Have a sweatshirt or something handy, as I got the chills in the am"
"I have degenerative disc disease, herniated discs, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis, and numerous other pain causing conditions. I have lived with pain for many years. I tried to put off taking pain medicines for many years until I could not take it any more. I realized I could not work if I did not do something soon. I finally went to the best pain management doctor I have ever met. He is a God send. I was in tears because I was afraid of being a drug addict. He assured me I was not a drug addict, he said I was drug dependent and would be most likely for the rest of my life but it was necessary if I wanted to have a life at all. When I started on the Oxycontin ER it was the best thing I ever had. I can now function. Thank God for Oxycontin."
"First visit to pain clinic put me on 75 mg Nucynta. Worst experience ever with medicine. Had to call 911, thought I was dying. Rapid heart, dizziness, shortness of breath."
"NP is the best NDT on the market today.  I have tried EVERYTHING.  Was suggested this by Mayo Clinic in MN.  I would give it a &quot;10&quot; but it&#039;s very very hard to get exactly right....you will have ups and downs.  Which technically isn&#039;t the fault of the medication.  Don&#039;t increase your dosage too quickly...happened to me a few times.  BE PATIENT and RESEARCH.  It will take time to get back to &quot;normal&quot;.  Good luck and DON&#039;T QUIT!"
"I have had Kyleena for 3 months now and it&rsquo;s been a rough 3 months. I have had spotting every month. The first month I only had spotting for 5 days and then the 2nd month I spotted for 17 days and now I&rsquo;m on my 3rd month and have been spotting for 12 days. I also have had the worst acne I&rsquo;ve ever had. All over my chest back and face. The only good thing I could say about this IUD is I don&rsquo;t have to take a pill everyday so that&rsquo;s nice. Would not recommend to someone with bad hormonal acne."
"This is the only medication that helps my son function throughout the day without any out bursts."
"I was diagnosed with bronchitis and was prescribed 100mg dosage. At my pharmacist&#039;s suggestion I started off by taking 200mg. This medication had no effect on my cough whatsoever. I think it belongs in the placebo aisle. Robitussin with codeine actually works, but when I asked my doctor for it he substituted this worthless concoction. When I got to the pharmacy they were actually out of this junk and refused to call my physician and offer a substitute. Instead, they called pharmacies around town and sent me to a competitor to get this stuff. It appears the Benzonatate sales force has a lock on both the doctors and pharmacists. I wish I had known how ineffective this stuff is on coughs before I went to the pharmacy."
"I was prescribed 1mg 2 days ago to help with side effects I was having since increasing my Abilify to 10mg a day. The first day I could tell my restlessness and agitation had decreased by about 90%. Today is the 2nd day and I feel even better! Now I feel like the Abilify is actually working. I did not give 10 stars because I&#039;ve had two side effects; dry mouth and blurry vision. I&#039;m hoping as my body gets used to this medicine those side effects will dissipate."
"The first year I thought it was a miracle birth control options, no period, no cramps, no real side effects. Into the third year I have uncontrollably weight gain despite exercise and diet, deep facial acne, migraines that I never had before the neiplanon, I feel full and bloated all the time, acid reflux daily, and stomach pains. I decided I wanted it out over a month ago so I made an appointment with my doctor two months out, my doc cancelled and scheduled it another month out..... I want the thing out of my arm NOW, but urgent care and the ER will not touch it because they say a nurse with special training must remove it or it&#039;s a liability... So now I either wait and hope my doc doesn&#039;t cancel. DON&#039;T GET NEXIPLANON!"
"I have taken trazadone for the last ten years for insomnia and depression associated with a 100% disabled PTSD diagnosis. I have found no reason to change my prescription other than to lower the dosage from 300mg to 150mg which I find adequate, to accomplish its intended use."
"I&#039;m a women age 39. I&#039;ve been on Imuran for over 4 yrs.  Before taking Imuran I was on methotrexate and Lyrica which I had EVERY SIDE EFFECT to. But when I switched medicines and began the Imuran it was very helpful! I could tell a big difference in how I felt. I also have fibromyalgia and rheumatoid arthritis as well.  Over time and up to this point I&#039;m feeling I need something stronger or even different.  I can&#039;t tell that I have any known side effects from Imuran.  Doctor suggested I try Benlysta.  I&#039;m scheduled to start that in two weeks!  I&#039;m very nervous because of some of the side effects but you never know until you try! Hope this was helpful! Best of luck!"
"My 81 y/o mother received 6 infusions of Alimta for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Her cancer has now shrank. No new cancers.
The most severe side effect she suffered was fatigue and water retention. But that was managed by a change in her diuretic medications."
"I&#039;ve been on Sertraline for 4 weeks now for PMDD, OCPD and anxiety.  At first I actually felt really great.  Even felt like it held off my PMDD symptoms until just a few days prior to my cycle.  However could still feel the symptoms of my PMDD so I had my 4 wk chk up w my Psych.  I asked to be increased to 100mg to which he agreed.  However before I had a chance to pick up the new script - I noticed that the day I ended my cycle my PMDD symptoms hadn&#039;t  subside like they usually do.  I feel spaced out am having anxiety worse than before, feel irritable, dizzy and am even experiencing a little bit of depression which was never a symptom I suffered from prior.  I am afraid to up the meds for fear of these side effects? getting worse."
"100% works for me! and my family! thank you for this wonderful cream!
"
"I&#039;m on my 3rd pack and so far it has been GREAT! I&#039;ve tried Ortho-Tricyclen Lo and Alesse in the past, and both made me feel super emotional and like I was PMSing.  I feel like I normally do while taking Reclipsen and I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;ve dropped some weight as well.  I do have polycystic ovarian syndrome, so it may be because my hormones are getting regulated with the pill.  Another thing I&#039;ve noticed is that my breasts have grown a bit larger.  I am now wearing a D cup instead of a C.  My breasts were a bit sore the first 6 weeks, but not anymore.  But so far, so good!"
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for years as the generic to OrthotriCyclin.  It was free compared to the expensive version.   I have not noticed issues with this pill at all,  at least not that are very noticeable.   I think the mood swings and emotional distress others are mentioning would happen with or without any BCP because of PMS.  My skin breaks out only the week before my cycle starts, but nothing crazy.   I don&#039;t have breast tenderness,  cramps or discomfort either.   The periods are light and painless as well.   I do notice the bloat like clockwork a week prior to the period,  but it is what it is.   I have not gotten pregnant while on the pill though my guy and I are highly fertile, so it&#039;s obviously working.   Overall I&#039;m happy with it."
"I did not like this product at all. The main reason I have difficulty getting any drops to even come out of the tubes. No matter how hard I squeezed no drops even though it showed liquid in the bottom. Yes of course I twisted the top off. At least one whole package was this way. Others was barely enough to get a drop in one eye let alone both eyes. Very frustrating and too expensive for me to ever order any more. I went back to my old drops which I never had any problems with. I am very dissatisfied with this product. I would like my money back although I doubt that will happen."
"I have been using this gel for about 2 weeks now and have had nothing but positive results. I&#039;m not exaggerating when I say this starting working on my skin immediately. I have been going through bad cystic acne breakouts and hormonal acne for the past two years now. Since I started using the differin, my breakouts are minimal with only one or two pimples but nothing like before. I was breaking out with 3-5 new pimples daily and the differin stopped that from happening immediately. I have extremely oily skin so the differin did not dry out my skin. I have also changed my face cleansing products and also changed my foundation at the same time. I would highly recommend this product for anyone who is at their wits end with adult acne."
"Smoked all during my 20s, quit for 7 years, then smoked for 20 years but had tapered down to 1/2 pack a day or less. Had bronchitis twice last year so got Chantix and started taking it around Nov. 1, planned my quit date for after Thanksgiving, and then just didn&#039;t think about it. Started forgetting to go out for a smoke during work, was down to maybe 3 a day by my quit date, ended up still having ONE a day in the morning for a few weeks, had 2-3 during my long Christmas weekend, and have had zero since. Side effects have been slight nausea even with food (but not every day), awesome dreams, somewhat lighter sleep, and mild metallic taste in my mouth. Mild occasional cravings now, on week 10, nothing I can&#039;t ignore. Plan on tapering off soon."
"People are quick to judge this medication. I have found that it does indeed make me sleep. However, I still wake up at my usual time at about 3-4 in the morning. This medication is really good for helping you fall asleep but not keeping you asleep."
"I think I have had anxiety and depression all my life. I kept ruining all my relationships because I had delusions of being cheated on and consequently kept accusing my partner(s). The patience of my second husband and seeing his pain propelled me to see a psychiatrist willingly (before this I was dragged there and refused to take medications) who prescribed me to Lexapro 10mg after dinner everyday. For the first 2 weeks, nothing changed in terms of my negative attitude towards my partner. The side effects were terrible, it felt like being pregnant, I was so nauseus sometimes I would lay in bed all day. After week 3 the sun seemed to shine brighter. I look at everyone positively. I am happier. My husband is crazy in love with me. Thank you"
"I have taken it at least 10 times.  It is very expensive.  And it worked only 1 out of the 10 doses.  I am now trying to avoid caffeine and aspirin which is very difficult to do and will see if it works better. "
"I&#039;ve been on this for over 3 years and I would say its the best one I&#039;ve been on. 
Pros:
Dramatic reduction in pain from cramps. 

Con&#039;s: 
Nauseous on the first pack
Spotting during the first few packs
After 3 years, I get about 2 hours of spotting as my &#039;period&#039;. Kind of unnerving when your sexually active. 

To me, the pro makes the con&#039;s worth it because my cramping was so bad it made me vomit from pain.  100% worth it to me."
"The incident happened March 31st, the condom broke and I panicked because I was in the fertile stage of my cycle. I took the morning after pill within 24hours (two doses because the first didn&#039;t stay down) and 6 days later I had a period which was about a week earlier than expected. I had a blood test to check for pregnancy hormones and took at least 10 home pregnancy tests. All the tests turned up negative but I was still worried, especially when I didn&#039;t get my period when I expected it. 
My period was 4-6 days late but seemed normal (a little longer, lasting almost 5 days instead of my normal 3 days) and came 6 weeks after the last one. The pill worked for me even though I&#039;m overweight. I also had almost every symptom the pill suggested."
"I have fibromyalgia and deal with chronic pain. I have tried almost everything for the pain and the few things that would ease it barely worked and only lasted a few hours. When I tried methadone I was amazed and relieved to find something that actually worked and lasted for 6 or 7 hours at a time. Methadone was a miracle for me. Now I can live my life almost pain free."
"This medication worked great, but insurance doesn&#039;t cover, can&#039;t afford anymore.  Too bad now have to take something else."
"I was expecting the pain of insertion to be terrible, when in fact it felt like nothing more than a period cramp that lasted maybe about 5 seconds. I haven&#039;t had any additional cramps or bleeding either. Probably one of the best decisions I&#039;ve made."
"I have ureter stents due to malignant pelvic tumors.  I had burning pain at the end of my stream but after a few days on Cipro with no relief, a UTI was ruled out.  My urologist put me on Pyridium and I felt better within hours.  No side effects except that orange urine!"
"I have been on the pill for 3 months now. It did reduce my periods to almost nothing. I have always been really skinny and wore a size 1. After the first month and a half I had gained almost 20 pounds. My clothes don&#039;t fit anymore and I&#039;m very uncomfortable with my body. My acne has become bad. I get deep like cysts on my face that don&#039;t go away. I went to the dermatologist a month ago and have been prescribed a ton of medications for my acne but nothing is working. I never had acne before this pill. I just stopped taking the pill yesterday. "
"I&#039;ve had the Skyla for six months now. I didn&#039;t find the insertion to be that bad- there was definitely pain but it&#039;s so brief it&#039;s manageable. I was given a prescription for misoprostol to take the night before and I had it inserted during my period. I had cramps and bleeding for several hours after and then it was fine. For the first couple of months I don&#039;t really remember how my periods were, but starting in July I started getting them about every two weeks, with bad cramping the first couple of days and they&#039;re pretty heavy. They tend to last 6 or 7 days. At my six week checkup they did an ultrasound to make sure it was placed right and saw that I had developed a cyst, but my doctor wasn&#039;t worried about it. I also gained weight."
"Zoloft has helped me tremendously! I am going on week 6. I kept going on the Internet reading the terrible side effects. I kept putting it off even though my sister in law is a pharmacist.  
I was scared. Terified. I&#039;m in my 40s very fit.  I kept thinking I would feel better. I thought it was hormones. I kept having panic attacks which didn&#039;t last long, but it still happened.There was a lot that happened over the course of the months and I believe my body just said enough. So once I experienced the panic attacks it fueled to the fire, worry set in and it was a terrible cycle.
I started it after my friend opened up. I didn&#039;t feel alone. 
The first week I experienced diarrhea three days. No insomnia,  no weight gain.
I&#039;m calmer for sure!"
"Suffered a severe attack of shingles in early 2008 and now suffer from nerve damage and pain. I originally took gabapentin (most effective) along with morphine to deal with the pain. I developed stomach problems from that mix so tried Lyrica as a replacement to the gabapentin. My stomach problems have subsided but the Lyrica does not seem to be as effective at relieving the nerve pain. Even tried a combination of Lyrica and Gabapentin but no increase in effectiveness."
"I have taken half a tablet of doxylamine succinate (Sleep Aid), in the evening, for about 3 years now. I originally took it for migraines, but discovered quickly, how it made me very drowsy after about 2 hours.
It has NEVER failed to work. Taking a whole tablet made me sleep for 10-12 hours, now I get my 8 hours every night with half the dose. It is one of the safest antihistamines on the market.
I experimented a few months ago, by not taking one, &amp; I couldn&#039;t get to sleep, plus I got restless legs. So now I take it every night."
"I was extremely hungover and was vomiting for about 14 hours non-stop before being prescribed Zofran. I know it seems silly to get medication for a hangover, but I was becoming dangerously dehydrated from the binge drinking and heavy vomiting, as I was unable to keep even a sip of water down. Not even ten minutes after taking the medicine (dissolvable pills), I already felt significant relief from the nausea, and therefore the vomiting as well. A bit expensive, but completely worth it."
"So I&#039;ve seen quite a few negative comments on here which is a shame so many people are having negative experiences. Mine however has been great! I&#039;ve had mine for almost three years and am planning on getting another updated when my three years come. The first year/year and a half I would have a period which was mostly only spotting once every three months just for a couple of days which was really nice and then I just stopped getting a period at all I haven&#039;t had one in months which is amazing. And it has been working very effectively for me. I do get mood swings periodically but nothing bad and it is well worth it. I highly recommend this method!"
"At the 2 week mark on imuran 50 mg tid, I developed a high temp, severe muscle aches, chilling &amp; started coughing up green mucous, I also had severe weakness. Went to md &amp; put on antibiotics. Called rheumy &amp; I was taken off med. Cbc &amp; cmp lab was normal."
"I have had 2 injections and I received relief after the first injection.  I HATE needles but the shots are well worth the discomfort of the injections.  I will be getting my 3rd next week.  I wish I had done this earlier; it would&#039;ve saved me a lot of pain and pill taking...."
"I am a  31 male, 200lbs,and was diagnosed with RR Multiple Sclerosis Feb. 2012, after losing sight in one eye, and some steroid treatment my vision returned however, the color is still a little off. My Neurologist put me on Rebif immediately. Since I have been on Rebif I have not experienced any major relapses. Just some tremors now and then and other minor symptoms that just maybe permanent nerve damage. I take the 44mcg dose at bedtime with 400mg of ibuprofen, it seems to help me sleep through the night. I do get headaches often but the ibuprofen seems to help (not eliminate them). I also get flu symptoms sometimes the day after I take a shot but not always. My liver enzymes are slightly elevated but, nothing to worry about. Thank you Rebif."
"I understand the severe side effects. However, as one who has suffered from severe asthma and eczema, as well as intolerable skin itching in general, my entire life, I look at prednisone as a miracle drug. It allows me to breathe, stops the skin itching, and clears my skin up quickly. If there is another drug that will accomplish these goals, I would definitely give it a try. I am 47 years old, and all of my issues were considered &quot;childhood illnesses&quot; that would eventually disappear. Unfortunately they never did. At my age I&#039;ve learned to greet the doctor with &quot;yes, I understand the side effects. In my case, the benefits outweigh the risks. If there is a new wonderdrug I should know about, let&#039;s give it a go!&quot;"
"I had really bad anxiety and depression to where I wasn&#039;t talking a lot, I couldn&#039;t get any words out of my mouth. The first time I met my boyfriends friends I barely spoke and I came across quite rude:/ I started taking citalopram and I&#039;ve noticed a huge change. I feel normal again and I&#039;ve made a lot of new friends because I can get the words out of my mouth. Citalopram is a huge game changer and it&#039;s the best thing that could&#039;ve happened to me."
"In March 2016 I went withmy friend to Rome. Within days my face was covered in acne. I was extremely depressed and self conscious I have never had acne before. I went on 80mg and the first 1-2 months didn&#039;t notice changes. After the trial period it cleared up and I&#039;ve been off for two weeks. I have a few pimples but its basically nothing. I wash my face and use a topical. It worked but unfortunately it does take time. I&#039;m basically 100% clear now minus some blemishes which will go away in time. Stay with it and stay positive."
"I have been on Cosentyx for 1 year.  I view it as a miracle drug.  Best yet.   Most everything cleared up.   I know have some coming back on my lower legs which is depressing because I would like to be in shorts all the time.     I recently just had an infection in my leg that may have been related.   I met with my doctor and I have decided to try Taltz for total clearance.    Taltz reviews are an 8 while reviews here are a 9.2.   I hope I made the right choice."
"One of the best acne medications I&#039;ve ever used! Super pricey but well worth. Works for any part of your body. Definitely recommended it"
"Tried everything to make this medication work so I didn&#039;t have to go through the withdrawals and start another medication but I just can&#039;t do it. I have been on this medication for about 6 months and I keep waiting for the severe nausea and vomiting to stop and it hasn&#039;t. I have tried taking this medication before good, after food, alternating times of different medications, taking Zantac before to try to settle my stomach, nothing works. I always have severe nausea about an hour after taking this and most of the time end up vomiting for most of the night. It hasn&#039;t helped with the anxiety much either."
"I took this pill for a year and it worked really well although I sometimes missed 1-3 pills a month. The first half of the year didn&#039;t affect my mood that dramatically until later on. My boyfriend noticed that I was really irritated over little things and my depression almost made me hurt myself. I also realized that I felt very very angry at him for picking me up an hour late and I couldn&#039;t calm down. In my mind I knew it&#039;s okay and I wanted to forgive him, but the anger inside me didn&#039;t budge. It&#039;s a very effective pill but I have to change my dosage since it&#039;s putting me and my relationship in danger."
"I was prescribed this medication for depression several years ago. I did not think it was helping me so I had my doctor take me off of it 8 months ago. I was determined to handle my depression without it as I just wasn&#039;t seeing a big difference. Whoa. Was I wrong. I finally went back on it three days ago, and I can tell you that everyone I knew with rheumatoid arthritis, or osteoarthritis (as I do), my depression only worsened once my pain level increased each day, until finally I tried it again. Everyone I know who has pain from arthritis who has tried to stop taking Cymbalta, has returned to it much, much sooner than I did. I am sorry I suffered as long as I did before trying it again. It is a life saver and had given me my life back."
"I had severe panic attacks for 6 months! I developed derealization and was scared of everything. I felt like I was living in a nightmare. I felt relief from Lexapro immediately. I was foggy headed at first but that went away. I feel amazing after 2 months of taking it. I feel like my old self again. The only side effect is dizziness at night sometimes. I only take 5 mg."
"I have been having recurrent UTIs for about two years. Most recently was prescribed 500 mg Cipro twice a day for 10 days. The first few days it made me very nauseous and dizzy and it didn&#039;t matter if I took it with food or not. It&#039;s also given me bad heartburn and gas pretty much constantly. I&#039;m on my eighth day and I&#039;ve noticed some of my UTI symptoms will pop up again randomly but then go away again. Seems to be an effective med for some but I may end up having to try something else."
"Surprep is the most horrible tasting colon preparation that I have EVER encountered.  I had to use a straw and gagged and my eyes watered after each sip.  I see no reason for anything to taste so bad.  I have had previous colonoscopies and never had a problem with the prep solution.  My new goal in life is to warn everyone about how horrible this stuff tastes and get them to ask their doctor for an alternate solution."
"Feel great along with other medicines."
"My mother is on this drug and it has done wonders for her. Her insulin is controlled and she has lost a significant amount of weight on it. She is so happy and feels amazing on it. No negative side effects. Thank you makers of metformin. The doctor who prescribed it was so knowledgeable and he really helped my mom adjust and overcome the diagnosis."
"I started Contrave last month. Took one pill and had extreme side effects the first day. I was extremely dizzy, nauseous, tired and had a headache I wasn&#039;t able to shake for a few days. I didn&#039;t continue taking the pill because I had a busy week with work and was afraid I&#039;d continue feeling like that. I restarted Contrave last Monday and just finished my first full week and am down 4lbs. I had barely any side affects the second time around besides feeling really tired by the middle of the day. It has cut my appetite in half and eliminated a lot of cravings. Hoping for even better results now starting week 2 and pills 2x a day."
"The tube is a pump Fake. Used it for one day , and next day its gone. It seems like its more than how much is actually in there. Use sparingly. I&#039;d just recommend the push tube , because then you can monitor how much you&#039;re actually using. This stuff works well I swear by it. Go get it. The doctors tried to give me a 200 dollar medication -- hahaha not this time. I&#039;d rather pay 40 dollars for two of these."
"Have had toenail fungus on 4 toes of one foot.  Big and little toes for 50 years.  Other 2 for 10 years.  Tried all sorts of creams.  Also spread to my heal.  I dealt with my heal first.  Continued emery board use after showers and got rid of that.  Used ciclopirox on the toes for 2 years.  Applied once per day.  It is sticky.  I let it dry a little and then put my white sock on.  The cotton of the sock stuck to the polish a little per day.  In 2 weeks a mat forms that can be pulled off after a shower to start over again.  No need to try to remove the polish with solvent every week.  3 nails are now fungus free.  The big toe is 70% free.  I&#039;ve started again on the big toe. "
"I&#039;ve suffer from cluster migraine on and off for 10 years. They last about 1-3 hours everyday for 30-40 day  and this happens usually once sometimes twice a year.  When they first started doctors really didn&#039;t tell me much they about then 5 years ago I seen a new doctor he prescribe me  Sumatriptan nasal spray it get rid of them in 10-20 min. I can not say enough good things about this drug it&#039;s really helped he get on with everyday life"
"Recently I was put on Norco for a hand injury sustained several years earlier. It has helped my hand tremendously! I can actually use it. I love the fact that it has less acetaminophen and doesn&#039;t make my stomach hurt. It is a miracle."
"It helps with anxiety but actually causes depression for me. Plus, I&#039;ve gained weight, even when on a starvation type diet. I&#039;m slowing weening myself off, down to 2.5 mg a day, next  week I&#039;m stopping completely.  I just want to have a clear head, instead of feeling like a zombie."
"Betaderm cream has not helped at all. The rash is now processing up the side of my face. I have oily skin and this cream is very thick and oily. Probably the wrong thing for me. It is expensive since I don&#039;t have a plan and I was given 2 jars where one would have been more then enough to experiment with."
"The only painful thing about the insertion was the speculum. I have PCOS and was told skyla would be best for thinning my lining. I&#039;ve had it almost a month. I&#039;ve spotted everyday, and there is an increase in vaginal mucus but that&#039;s common when your lining is thinning out. It is taking a while for the string to move up and for to my cervix, but I haven&#039;t discovered anything crazy with this or anything bad. The cramps in the beginning were painful and my period lasted a full 7 days instead of the usual 4-5 days. Since getting this I&#039;ve had 2 periods and that&#039;s totally awesome. Its regulating me and making it so much easier to track (if you do track your period and ovulation) and if anyone has Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, I would get this."
"Greatest medication I have ever taken. I suffer from severe headaches &amp; migraines that I have endured for at least 25 years now. Up until today I never experienced anything that gave me 100% relief from the pain, and it was delivered very quickly! Within 1 hour or less, I had complete pain relief that I had been suffering from this last time for 2 whole days.  I could not believe it.  In fact, I did not even recall the name of the injection that the doctor gave me, so I called the office back to get the name of this miracle - Toradol. I never had ANY side effects and will forever be grateful to the doctor for using this injection on me."
"I have been on Camrese for 2+ years and I am very happy with it- I ask for this specific brand every time I refill and won&#039;t accept anything else. For me Camrese has not caused any weight gain whereas other extended cycle brands did cause weight gain, acne, and constant/heavy break through bleeding. I did have to be patient through the first several months for mild spotting to cease being an issue with Camrese. Understand that extending your cycle from the typical 28 days to nearly 90 days does take time for your body to get used to. As I adjusted to Camrese if mid-cycle spotting lasted for more than a day or two I would simply take a week off from the pills and allow myself to have a period before picking back up with the pills again."
"Just got the Mirena inserted yesterday, and after reading a lot of negative reviews I thought I would share my experience. I was scared of the insertion procedure after reading so many terrible reviews about it being the worst pain ever, so I&#039;m hoping this puts a lot of ladies mind at ease. I did have a moment of &quot;oh my god&quot; pain when the doctor was measuring my uterus. This was due to the fact that I have a &#039;tipped back&#039; uterus. Not a big deal the doctor told me. That pain lasted ~10-20 seconds. It was a strange crampy/stabby/pinchy pain that I have never experienced before. Afterwards though, I have had minimal mild cramps and barely any spotting and have gotten on with life. Will try and update in 3 months."
"My experienced was my period was non-stop for almost 2 month. I went to my gyn and prescribed me Naproxen for pain. It was so effective that my period went away in a week. Now when my period comes I&#039;ll take it right away. Thanks Naproxen."
"I am 59, and have been on metoprol since I had an ablation about 5 months ago.  I was still experiencing a higher than normal heart rate (lower after ablation, but on the high side) and a high diastolic blood pressure. Metoprolol seemed to lower both numbers initially.  I was extremely fatigued and I started noticing weight gain.  That weight gain has been is now 18 pounds in the 5 months following the ablation. Now, none of my clothes fit. I have told my doctor about the weight gain, but he did not seem concerned. I am concerned. Has anyone else had this and were you able to do something about it?  Now, the heart rate is starting to increase again. "
"Been on this for a little over a week. The headache started the day after taking it. I started breaking out 2 days after taking the pills. I&#039;m tired and cranky. Waiting from the doctor to call."
"Spermicide condom broke inside me during the last fertile day of my cycle around 8:30 PM but he did not cum inside of me. Went to by this @ Target at 9 PM so that was around a 30min-1hr time frame from the incident. Experienced extreme mood swings, sadness, anxiety, irrational, depression, fatigue, and etc. Happily got my period two days early. Always works, but extreme side affects. Would recommend having one at home in case all drug stores are closed! Good luck. It worked for me!"
"I&#039;ve been on this shot for over 2 years now &amp; not one complaint! My skin couldn&#039;t be clearer, I only spot as an indication I need the next shot, I haven&#039;t had my period since I&#039;ve started this birth control, &amp; absolutely no weight gain! I have to take this shot due to a blood disorder &amp; I could not be happier with it."
"The nexplanon works differently on everyone just as all of the other birth controls. for ME , nexplanon has been AMAZING. I&#039;ve had it for three months now , got it while I was on my period and it INSTANTLY stopped. haven&#039;t had a period since , my acne has gone down , no bloating , no cramps , no EXTRA headaches , it&#039;s been really good to me so far and I would recommend it to anyone. went from having two months of period straight that came with heavy bleeding which caused me to be anemic and pass out. now I don&#039;t have a period. will be continuing with it."
"It really helps the pain and makes you think that you can do more than you need too."
"I had a very horrible experience with this medicine. I was prescribed 900 mg for tingling and numbness in hands. I was good with this medicine for a few days when I started to have horrible back and neck pain and severe headache. Other doctors did prescribe me other pain killing medicines but nothing worked. I had it for fifteen days when a doctor said to consult with a neurologist . Then the neurologist said that I should be admitted into the hospital since they had found an infection in me.  I was in there  for at least one and a half week . It was a horrible experiance."
"I just began taking this medication about a week ago.  Last month I was switched from Percocet 10/325mg to Dilaudid 2mg as the Percocet seemed to not be working for me anymore.  Either that or my pain had progressed and gotten worse.  (I have a few herniated discs in the my lower back)  I felt like the Dilaudid helped but was very short-lived.  So, I asked my doctor about switching to something extended release.  I never heard of this medication, but honestly in just a week and I am on the lowest dose of 8mg- I feel like a different person.  I can function again more than I have been able to in almost 7 months of living with this chronic pain.  I feel like I am alive again! Very happy with this! (except yes it is expensive!)"
"I started 0.6 dose of Victoza and started feeling side effects right away.  Stomach felt empty and a bit nauseated and a headache.  My appetite is really down.  Last time I weighed myself I lost a little over 3 pounds.  I wasn&#039;t planning on the weight loss, but it&#039;s good.  I&#039;m at a loss of what to eat since nothing even sounds good.   I barely ate a small salad and a potpie this evening.  Ate about 2/3 of the potpie and I was no longer hungry.  Have my better days, but today I just didn&#039;t feel good at all.  Hope this phase ends soon."
"I DO NOT RECOMMEND! I am going in today (7/27) just over three months later (MID APRIL INSERT) TO HAVE IT REMOVED. I have sebhoratic dermatitis (implant did not cause it, I had it before) but the implant made it so much worse. Normally, it is not so bad in the summer (worse in the winter) but this has made it unbearable and worse than ever (whole scalp, not patches, HAIR FALLING OUT). Additionally, my acne got worse and did not improve. I got several very deep cystic pimples on my back (Never, ever had pimples on my back). Chin acne out of control. Weight did not fluctuate or change (I eat healthy and workout 4 days/week). I am going on Ortho Tri Cylclen for my acne now..if you suffer from acne, go on OTC... it suppresses testosterone"
"Normally I use yogurt with active cultures which works for me. But I just decided to try a Monostat Day 1 box. Putting it in, I immediately felt a little itchy, and just assumed it would get better. Then I put the cream on, which did absolutely nothing but make me feel slimy and itchy. Keep in mind, this was after a hot bath, and I was clean. Fast forward two hours, I&#039;m in so much pain from feeling like my uterus and womb and vulva has been lit on fire and is being branded by the ointment inside and out, I had to get it out. I used tampons until it was mostly out, and thinking it was safe, grabbed a &quot;Coolwipe&quot; from the box. Felt like being bit by ants. I&#039;m sitting here in agony debating 911."
"Don&#039;t even bother stressing yourself out like I did, because Plan B actually works. On June 25th I had unprotected sex with my bf and on that day I was ovulating and my bf wasn&#039;t wearing condoms and I wasn&#039;t on birth control pills. I know this is TMI, but he &quot;came&quot;/finished inside me. So, 2 hours later I started to get paranoid and decided to take Plan B. Well let me tell you this I received so many pregnancy symptoms such as: Sore breast, headaches, fatigue, nausea/vomiting, frequent urination,back pains, and cramping. The side effects will have you going insane. The scary part is that a week before my period was due I saw brown discharge and I automatically assumed that it was implantation bleeding. Next following week my period came."
"I feel like this medication has saved my life.  At the beginning of 2010, I had a mental breakdown.  I was suffering from crying spells for no apparent reason and just did not want to live.  I felt like I was watching someone go through the motions of my life and my true self was suffering and hurting.  I made an emercency appointment with my psychiatrist.  He started me at 50mg on day one, 100mg on day two, 150mg day three, 200mg day four and 300mg as maintenance.  I used to have passive suicidal thoughts all the time and can now say that I don&#039;t.  I&#039;ve suffered from this condition for 12 years (Depersonalization Disorder).  I&#039;ve not known what it is like to not have depression until now.  I feel like I owe my life to Seroquel XR."
" It got rid of my cough but then made my nose run like crazy. Allergy symptoms while suffering from flu is a terrible combination. I am angry that my husband bought me this stuff instead of what I asked for. It kept me up all night and is making me irritable."
"I started taking this drug about a month ago so far knock on wood no side effects and it works great!! I feel so proud to be able to feed my new daughter!! I have seen lots of reviews about depression so please be careful!"
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for 6 weeks now. I wanted so much for this to work so I endured the dizziness , extreme fatigue, foggy brain, memory problems and even an increase in my irregular heart beat hoping they would decrease and the Belviq would work. They did not and I&#039;ve experienced no improvement in appetite control . The worst part is I&#039;ve been treated for clinical depression and had to go off the meds that had been helping me in order to take Belviq. The antidepressant effects of Belviq never kicked in for me and I&#039;ve been miserable. I&#039;m glad it helps some people but I wanted to write this review for people who are being treated for depression before trying the Belviq. Precede cautiously . It may not be for you ."
"I&#039;m 24 years old as a young female a cold sore was terror. I have always gotten them on and off throughout out the year and more so in the winter. As I got older stress and worry would trigger a cold sore and when I thought I had it healed another would come up right next to it. I tried everything OTC and anything to dry it out. Needless to say I was torturing myself until I mentioned to my Dr that I get them under stress and once one healed another came along. He suggested Valtrex 500 mg and to take one tablet everyday! I haven&#039;t had a cold sore since. And I&#039;ve had a ton of stress since. My Dr is amazing and this is a miracle medication.  "
"perfect!!! in the first pack, my skin cleared up and there was no weight gain, and I had the lightest period of my life!!! four days, and very light. second pack was a little rough on my skin and I had gained five pounds, but by the third pack my skin was crystal clear again and I had lost the weight I had gained. still very light periods, and definitely not pregnant. I wish I could go back to this, but it stopped being covered by my insurance three packs in. if this is covered by your insurance, I hope this works for you because I would give anything to go back to this one."
"I&#039;ve been on Levora for a month and a half. The first couple weeks I was super emotional and wanted to quit, but the emotions have gone away. I&#039;ve gained maybe two pounds and my acne has mostly gone away. I&#039;ve also noticed a decrease in facial hair."
"I had the copper coild (5year) inserted yesterday. The reason I decided to get the copper coil is due to it beeing hormonal free and I didn&#039;t have to worry about it for five years. 
The pain whilst inserting was very strange, almost like a shooting pain in the pit of your stomach. I wasn&#039;t expecting it to be a breeze but it defiantly isn&#039;t for the faint hearted. 
I had period cramps soon after and lasted until the evening. Woke up this morning with mild cramps nothing major so will see how the rest of the day progresses. Hopefully this will be all worth it!"
"I was prescribed to take 6 pills at once for treatment of malaria. Can&#039;t sleep, I keep having hallucinations when I close my eyes and can&#039;t focus when my eyes are open."
"99% of the time I will lay awake all night if I do not take Ambien. Reading or computer play will not put me to sleep."
"Abilify made me into a short term sex addict. My life is ruined . Abilify is the devil theres no cure for a lost soul. Do I need to tell you not to take this drug? Witch doctors all of you and no good money hungry people . I hope you burn too."
"My outcome/experience with Pulmozyme was good. It definitely helped break down the secretion in my lungs. I felt better and was able to breath somewhat better after using this medication. After I received my double- lung transplant in Feb &#039;11 they still continued me on this medicine until all the secretions in my newly used lungs were all completely gone."
"A bowel movement occurs about an hour to two hours after taking the drug. It is a complete bowel movement and relieves the constipation. I suggest taking a full glass of water with it to get your system going before breakfast"
"Hello! I had the Implanon in for 8 months and after the first three weeks off getting it I got an extremly heavy period, and it didn&#039;t stop for 7 MONTHS. I also started getting more headaches and nausea always! And I&#039;m constantly tired! It&#039;s got that bad I&#039;m getting it taken out this week."
"No medicine has ever worked for my insomnia besides this one. It keeps my mind from racing, and keeps my emotions steady so I&#039;m able to fall to sleep with no problems. I usually take it an hour before bedtime and then lay down, read a little bit until I&#039;m feeling tired enough, and just close me eyes. Before this medicine I couldn&#039;t tell you the last time that I was able to fall asleep without remembering but now I don&#039;t remember falling asleep and have to worry about hours of tossing and turning. Highly recommend."
"I took the first injection in my doctor&#039;s office November 15, 2017.  It&#039;s only one week but I&#039;m down 8 pounds and feel like this may be what I need.  I need to lose just over 100 lbs.  I feel a little nauseous at times, but the appetite has dwindled and barely any cravings.  Eating anything really sweet or sugary tastes disgusting.  I&#039;m taking this with Invokana so I&#039;m not sure how this all works long term.  Unfortunately, my drug insurance may not cover this.  I certainly cannot afford to pay for more than a couple of months.  I&#039;m currently being checked for PCOS.  So whether or not that makes a difference, I&#039;ll have to wait and see.  I&#039;m glad this available and I think this is what is going to work for me."
"I have been on this antibiotic for 6 days for pneumonia  and while the cough has slowed way down, I am having severe chest pain. I am thinking it&#039;s because when I do have a coughing fit it&#039;s violent, Brutal. I only have one more dose at 500 mg and I am worried I&#039;m relapsing, though no high temp I feel almost like I started out. I am now trying herbal teas, garlic, Rosemary and Kombucha. I just started these so I&#039;m praying it will all work as a team. No side effects only a little queasy!"
"I have cervical stenosis.  I can live with the varying levels of pain and discomfort through the day as long as I&#039;m able to move around and change positions.  But lying down in bed and trying to sleep was a serious problem for me.  I couldn&#039;t fall asleep until I was really exhausted and even then I was wakened after an hour or less by pain.

My doctor prescribed Percocet 5/325.  The full tablet was a bit strong but it did the trick.  I fell asleep after ten minutes and slept for six straight hours.  I then split the tablets and take one ten minutes before lying down.  That gets me to sleep and I sleep for about four hours.  When I wake up (usually in pain) I take the other half and I&#039;m good for the day.  That&#039;s been my regimen for two years."
"My husband got a very acute urtricaria on his whole body for 2 weeks. Nothing helped really to get rid of the burning patches. Benadryl caused more drowsiness then any help and additionally my husbands face was sweeling all over when taking Benadryl. Finally we got Allegra 180 mg pills. And just after the first Allegra pill all red patches on his skin and all swollen areas were gone for good as long as he keeps taking it twice a day 180 mg each tablet. This medicine is really great."
"I switched to this after having a bad cough with linsinopril. My BP is stable on this medication, however I do have low or borderline low sodium and potassium on this medication. Don&#039;t really have any other side effects. Just take in the morning, will make you pee!"
"I&#039;m only on my 7th day taking Zoloft(25mg) and I do feel less anxious at times but the first day I took it I ended up having a panic attack that led to an ER trip because I thought it was a heart attack. 2nd day I had a icy/hot feeling and still do, 3rd day had bouts of diarrhea. Anyways don&#039;t let these put you off as medicine works different for everyone. My grandma takes it for depression and had no side effects, NOT FAIR! But to me it seems like I&#039;m getting all the side effects haha. Zaps here lately really annoying almost leads to a panic attack but I let myself know its just the Zoloft/Anxiety. Also seems to be moving my legs more while sitting and grinding my teeth which I never done before."
"Viibryd has worked extremely well for me. I haven&#039;t taken any other antidepressants in the past. 

One of my main concerns was the loss of sexual arousal. I&#039;m in my early 20s and that scared me a little. I was informed Viibryd doesn&#039;t reduce your sexual arousal as much as others do. 

My Psychiatrist did tell me this medicine is more expensive than other anti depressants right off the bat, even with my parents insurance plan.

I&#039;d say one side effect of this medicine for me is that I need to take it every day. I notice a crash effect if I miss a day or take it later than I usually do in the morning. 

For some reason the 30MG tablets were more expensive than the 40MG tablets."
"I&#039;m writing again because it&#039;s been a little over a year since I posted my experience with Botox for dystonia and migraines. This past year has been truly remarkable and while I haven&#039;t been 100% migraine free or pain free, &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot;. My doctor, God bless her, received training from Allergan on the latest protocol for migraines, so the frequency of my migraines has lessened with the new therapy. As I am writing this, I am amazed that not ONE muscle is in spasm in my neck...now the tears are starting. It&#039;s so wonderful! That&#039;s what I wanted to share.  Every time I&#039;ve gotten my injections it&#039;s been a little different, but I think the variable has been me...not the Botox. Don&#039;t give up. Try it if you can."
"Cataflam is so far the only medication, OTC or otherwise, that has done anything to help with my menstrual cramps.  It allows me to function at a basically normal level during my period.  The pain is not entirely gone but Cataflam seems to keep it manageable."
"I thought my itching was bad before?!! Nothing could have prepared me for the itching that would come from using monistat 7 it&#039;s been excruciating I paid $20 to be tortured. I would not recommend this medicine to my worst enemy. My vagina is so swollen and itchy and this stuff is awful. Don&#039;t spend the money."
"Just started yesterday afternoon. Took a dose then and again this morning. No side effects at all, except that I already have very little appetite and have been in a good mood. I have to pay attention to other signs of needing nutrition now, like feeling a bit weak or lightheaded. I haven&#039;t had any hunger pains at all and am eating about 1/3 less food than I normally would."
"I have used Advair for the last two years and have been asthma free since then."
"Just one 12.5 mg of this and it works in about 30mins. However I get the worst anxiety attacks I have ever had! I&#039;m not kidding. The anxiety lasts for 3 to 4 days from just one dose. It feels like I am having a heart attack or worse!  I keep thinking how do people take this stuff everyday? Today I had not had any and it was day 4. I felt great but wanted to poop fast so I could go to the beach. Forget it. In 5 hours I was right back with the heart attack. It also makes my bones hurt. If I bump into anything it feels like I broke the bone! So then I have to live with the anxiety  while putting ice on whatever I bump. I&#039;m not even bumping anything hard. It happens when I just brush against a door. I&#039;m going back to Magnesium powder."
"Just started belviq 1.5 weeks ago.  No changes for the positive yet.  Never been so exhausted in my life, if the fatigue continues this bad I will stop taking med."
"The pain from this medication is so much worse than any kind of infection could ever be. I want to smack the pharmacist for recommending it. Terrible burning and itching. No way I will sleep tonight "
"I am currently dying in bed. Decided to self diagnose myself this time having only one yeast infection before. I still had some prescription ketoconozol left from a few years ago, but I felt that I needed a better and faster recovery. I got the 3 day treatment. On my second night, writhing in intense pain and itching. This is so torturous. The medicine seriously needs to work.. Totally not looking forward to one more night of this "
"I suffered from this medical condition for many months. It cleared up within one day of using Elocon cream."
"I was terrified by all the bad reviews I read on here before getting this type of birth control, but after having Nexplanon in for 3 months, I absolutely love it! I haven&#039;t gained weight, I don&#039;t have any hormonal side affects, or anything like that. The only side affect I&#039;ve gotten from it is that I don&#039;t get my period anymore. So if you still want to get your period every month, it probably won&#039;t happen. I do have VERY light spotting maybe twice a month and that&#039;s it. But it&#039;s so light that you technically can&#039;t even notice it. Overall I&#039;m really glad with how it turned out.  

This is the first birth control I&#039;ve used and so far it&#039;s really good. I&#039;m 19 and weight 125 pounds."
"This drug did very well for me initially, at 10mg.  My dosage over 7 years kept increasing and now I am convinced that over time this medicine will deplete your natural serotonin levels and fails to work or not work at all.  At 10mg the side effects were not that noticeable at all, but at 20 mg the side effects were much more pronounced  Especially lethargy, increased panic attacks/anxiety, weird dreams, and sexual side effects to name just a few. Everyone is different, but for me this drug worked well at a small does for about 21/2 years, then slowly stopped working to the point where I was just having side effects from the med.  Am tapering off it and feel very well so far."
"Well I must admit I was skeptical when my doctor offered this Belviq. I have tried everything under the sun without much success. I figured the first 2 weeks are free so why not? I lost 7 lbs in 2 weeks which for me is great! No side effects like the other medicine I tried. I got my next prescription which I had to pay for. My doctor has to fill out some medical necessity form for my insurance to cover it. Looking forward to losing more weight. Again no side effects! Wow!"
"I have had the implanon implant for the past 7 years. My experience has been very positive, I have had complete loss of period since getting the implant and no noticeable side effects apart from a lower sex drive which I have only discovered since getting it removed. 2 months ago I had my third implant removed after talking with my boyfriend and deciding that I no longer required birth control and would like to experience my natural body cycles again. I have had a few side effects since getting it removed but nothing too bad (some break outs, exhaustion, lack of motivation), only my period still hasn&#039;t returned yet. My doctor said it may take a few months, so hopefully it returns soon."
"Started B first in May at 208lb. Went though a bad break up and lost 8 pounds. Was not hungry at all could have been the B or being dumped. IDK. Ran out and did refill script and gained 8 pounds back maybe even one or two extra I&#039;m now back on B and I do not really see a change in appetite I can go longer during the day without getting hungry but at the afternoon hours I&#039;m starving and snacking on everything in sight you do get thirsty a lot which is encouraging to drink more water but I just want the weight gone so I&#039;m still on the fence about b and I will continue to take it until this one runs out and maybe even into the new year if it doesn&#039;t work I&#039;m getting the Lap Band and some lipo good luck all"
"Very good at relieving my hip and back pain for extended periods of time...MUCH longer than the tramadol 50 mg. Very expensive though."
"I have bipolar 2. Lamotrigene 400mg of lamotrigene has taken away anger and irritability. I was still crying over everything so my psychitrist put me on latuda 20 mg for 1 month. First week projectile vomiting every other day for a week. Saw no benefit. I was bumped to 40. Immediately I felt semi anxious. Day 5 almost had a panic attack out of the blue. This med is not right for me. It really scared me how anxious and panicky I became on 40 mg. I am stopping after I call my doctor."
"Significantly reduces my overactive bladder symptoms---very satisfied with it.  I find that the two main side effects can be neutralized with Alfuzosin (for reduced urine flow) and Metamucil wafers (for constipation).  Dry mouth occasionally occurs but is no big problem for me and can be treated by--you guessed it---sips of water.  The only issue is the expense--I&#039;m on a Medicare Advantage program and this one drug pushes me into the &quot;doughnut hole&quot; of increased co-pays during the last 3 months of the year.  But what can I say?---you pay for your thrills!  Does anyone know when this drug will go generic?"
"This pill made so depressed I could not get out of bed for 6 months. It also caused all the good bacteria in my stomach to wiped out, so I would get at least 1 vaginal Yeast Infection a month. My skin became so dry it would flake off. I had no libido. My periods were little to non-existent, no cramping, but my PMS was off the charts brutal."
"Lutera left me exhausted, and I felt nauseated all the time. Yet unlike other birth controls I&#039;ve tried it did not give me nasty mood swings. It made me feel calm and pleasant. My breasts grew at least another cup size, which some would consider a positive, but I&#039;ve paid a lot of money for a breast reduction and do not want large breasts! So overall, it was great for my mood but left me feeling so tired and sick that I just couldn&#039;t stay on it."
"I have been taking invokana for about a year and a half now after taking 1000mg of metformin daily and levemir and humalog daily. The metformin and insulin was not working as well as Dr. wanted it to so I was switched to the extended release metformin 1000mg twice a day and added invokana 100mg. I have since been able to go completely off of the two insulin pens and my sugars have been in normal range. I have lost a little bit of weight but I have developed a horrible  itch and yeast infection that will not go away. I was given diflucan a while ago but it didn&#039;t help. I have also recently noticed that I have been losing a ton of hair. I literally get handfuls of hair after a shower and am pulling handfuls out of my brush every time I brush."
"I have had hypothyroidism for over twenty years now. Took high levels of Synthroid for years and felt ok but not perfect. Started Cytomel 3 years ago, regulated dosage until it was just right. It takes a little time to regulate it to your exact dosage but be patient, it&#039;s worth it."
"I also have a long family line of bad skin. My doctor put my on Retin-A and Yasmin and my skin has never looked better!! I now get compliments on my skin. Yasmin rules!!"
"I stopped taking Incivek 3 days ago and I am itching, itching, itching.  My eyelids, hands, feet, legs, every area on my body itches.  I took a Benadryl and the itching went away and came back.  Am I having withdrawals from Incivek? No complaints though, just wondering because this medicine is a miracle.  I am now Hep C free.   Just hoping the itching would stop soon."
"This seemed like a great idea at first. Not having to remember the pill and still reaping the benefits of no PMS symptoms and no pregnancy. This turned out to be a horrible idea.... I gained a substantial amount of weight even though my lifestyle has not changed and I am constantly having breakthrough bleeding. I am getting mine removed. "
"I have had heavy periods for the last few years, and it has affected my quality of life. I talked to my doctor and at his suggestion, even though I had previously had an IUD (which caused 3 months non stop bleeding before falling out) and pills (which caused severe stomach upset and in one case an allergic reaction) at his recommendation I got the depo shot.  For the first 2 weeks everything seemed great.  Then it started.. non stop bleeding.  Again.  I am 9 weeks in and I&#039;ve been bleeding 7 weeks straight.  I am SO sick of it.  Been trying ibuprofine to slow it down.  I had to quit my job and go back to my old career.  The doc wants to put me on a 2nd form of bc to stop it.  I won&#039;t let him.  I pray it wears off here in about 3 weeks."
"I&#039;ve been suffering with really bad acne since the removal of my implant about three months ago. I tried all the over the counter &#039;remedies&#039; and face washes etc with no success. I have incredibly sensitive skin so was worried about using it at first. I&#039;m in day three now (early days I know) however I couldn&#039;t be more happy with it, my skin is so much clearer! All my spots have dried out and I haven&#039;t had any new ones since using it. When I wake up my skin can be a bit dry but my Dr said just give it a good soak in the shower every morning and it will be fine. Which I have and it really helps. Overall very happy with the product so far, feeling a lot more confident with my skin."
"Holy cats. I took it at around midnight. Woke up at 8 the next morning feeling off by 9 I was vomiting a bloodlike substance and was cramping so bad I felt like I was dying. After the third or fourth round of violent vomiting to the point I had urinated on myself my fiance called 911. I was soaking wet dripping with sweat and he said he was afraid I was dying because I turned grey. I  scheduled for an endoscopy next week but after reading the other experiences on here I will certainly be talking to my newly acquired gastro doc to see if this innocuous pink pill could have reaked this much havoc. The emt thought I might have been having a heart attack it was rather terrifying. I  am just now putting the pieces of this puzzle together."
"I have been taking bactrim now for about a week n a half for a uti, and mrsa. I am sure it&#039;s workin because the kidney pain has subsided however the nausea is so crucial it&#039;s like the worst nausea I&#039;ve ever had in my life. Not to mention headache and chills. Ugh I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s worth it"
"Before starting this medication, I had horrible menstrual cycles &amp; bad symptoms such as neck pain, back pain, heavy bleeding, cramps, mood swings &amp; hot flashes. I would also sleep about 15 hours per day. When I started this pill, it took away most of those unbearable symptoms, HOWEVER, now I&#039;ve been on my period for 11 days straight."
"I had been in remission for 20 years and then had a flair up like never before. I refuse to take any steroid based medicines due to the side effects and advised my Doctor of that. He started me on 4 pills of Lialda a day and within 1 week all of my symptoms where gone. I am now taking 2 pills a day and remain symptom free with absolutely no side effects. "
"This product is ridiculous...sure its easy but it is ridiculously expensive even with the bogus &#039;coupon&#039;. My daughter still had eggs hatching after using this product and after reading all the information in the box, I found out that its not even SAFE ENOUGH TO USE IT AGAIN?! WHAT?! My doctor did not tell me that I was putting an unsafe treatment on my child&#039;s head. We went to see another pediatrician who suggested another &#039;easy to use&#039; medicine called Natroba. Paid $15 dollars for it and it worked like a charm. I wish I had known about this before wasting time and money on this joke of a product called sklice. Ugh."
"I mainly took this pill because combination pills made my blood pressure sky rocket. I loved it at first. After the first month I had no period. Them about 4 months into it I was bleeding for two weeks straight. I developed an ovarian cyst while on this. And it was rupturing. I immediately stopped this pill. Never had a cyst before in my life. Now I&#039;m back on seasonique and on BP meds."
"It&#039;s not for me at all. Last night was the worst night of my life, it started about two weeks into taking Lexapro my friends and family said that they noticed changes but I felt more depressed than I have ever felt. The next two weeks into it I started feeling really off balance and trembly. Then last night happened, without warning, without a trigger, as I was trying to fall asleep I started getting lost in my head. I was forgetting how to think and I was forgetting words. It terrified me. "
"Works sooo good!  Had a UTI and after 2 days of taking it it went away and even cured some other things!  Glad they recommended me these."
"I took the medicine for the first time last night 4/2/16, I was given the medication because I had an allergic reaction to Topamax. Amerge made me really sleepy, a little dizzy, draining ears and really bad heartburn. I&#039;m not pleased with having these side effects especially not the nasty heartburn or the draining ears which are very itchy.  The medication did work for me but I can&#039;t give it a 10 star due to the side effects. I&#039;m not so sure that I would take this on a regular basis. If I do, I&#039;m definitely going to take Zantac prior to taking the medication."
"I was on depo provera from the ages of 15-18. Pros: not pregnant, no periods at all. Cons: I gained 40 pounds. I couldn&#039;t get lubricated for sex very easily. My breasts lost sensitivity. When coming off of depo provera (in hopes to stop steadily gaining weight) I had sexual dreams where I would actually orgasm and they were so painful I would wake up. It felt like my uterus was being crushed and this pain would last anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour. When I told my doctor of this problem she looked at me like I was crazy... The benefits do not make up for the horrible side effects I experienced. Not recommended."
"Have been on Singulair since it came on the market in Aust years ago.  I call it my Magic pill with no obvious side effects despite having many other allergies. I didn&#039;t find it helped my hay fever though so take 1/2an antihistamine as well in summer when humid and winter when smoke from fires around.  I went from high dose cortisone puffers and using Ventolin most of the day still being breathless and wheezing all the time to breathing free within 4 days of starting and off all puffers within the week.  Due to cost about a year in was running out so cut down to 1/2 tablet which still left me free of the asthma so then tried a 1/4 and found this still worked, so have continued on this since then.  ( to be continued as not enough space)"
"I&#039;m 48 and I was diagnosed with genital herpes when I was 35. I started dating a new guy and within 2 weeks I felt horrible burning when I urinated. I went to my midwives and sure enough I had herpes. Funny thing is I wasn&#039;t with anyone prior to him and I was with him for 6 years and not once did he ever test positive. They actually claim I could have had it on my face touched it and touched my genitals without washing my hands and transferred it. The outbreaks are less and less over the years but when I feel one coming I take acyclovir 500mg 2x daily. It helps right away. And I use a squirt bottle with warm water as I urinated to help reduce the burning."
"Amazing difference in appearance in less than a month. I started breaking out about senior year in high school and it got progressively worse. Although makeup covered a lot of it, I never let anyone touch my face and dreaded having to go in the water and risk having my makeup rinsed off. Now my skin is 100% smooth and even after weening off of the pill to every other day I have not had a single blemish."
"The only few problems consists of drowsiness which is better than having seizures.  Another important issue is dosing. You most take every days worth or it can lead to an aura or a full fledged seizure which can effect drivers licences (loss of 2 years). "
"I suffered with trigeminal neuralgia for over a year before I was diagnosed. They call it &quot;the suicide disease&quot; for a good reason. Such awful pain on the left side of my face, like someone had taken a club and hit me on the side of my head. At times it also felt like a hot poker was lying on my teeth. All I could do was go in a dark, quiet room. Sometimes sound would set it off, but usually it would just happen all by itself. I had tooth fillings taken out, dental X-rays done, trying to find the cause. It&#039;s a rare disease. The doctor gave me 600mg Horizant ER samples and I took (1) a day after dinner at 4. It worked! Then they tried to fill my prescription with generic Gabapentin at the pharmacy. No good! Didn&#039;t work! Back on Horizant. :)"
"Tramadol used on top of my Fioricet, or Midrin. For head ache was somewhat effective. Used when the pain of the head ache  has reached a point where I&#039;m on the verge of nausea, and vomiting, once the other baseline abortives have failed. When used with the Fioricet/Codeine it works quite well, at knocking it out, otherwise just Tramadol even at doses of 200mg is only a dent in the pain."
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for about 3 months, no problem. No mood swings, no drastic weight gain, acne etc. The insertion was quick and healed rather fast. The only thing was my body had to adjust to it the first couple of days after insertion.  I had minor stomach cramps (coming from a person who never had menstrual cramps) . Definitely satisfied with nexplanon so far- I often time forget its in my arm."
"Started taking Adipex-P 4 weeks ago. Cons: Constipation and really bad bouts of Insomnia - better as time has gone on. Do not take with a blood pressure pill/water pill - you will feel like crap and your heart will try to burst through your ribcage.
Pros:  Lost 31 pounds.  17 pounds - yes 17 pounds in 1 week though I do attribute that to the Adipex-P   Blood Pressure/water pill. I found I could not take both at the same time or on the same day so I stopped taking the blood pressure pill. My blood pressure is down to where it should be. 
Working out 4-5 times a week. 4-5 miles of cardio per workout plus weights. Probably cut my daily calorie intake by half.

I plan on taking the pill for a max of 3 months so by summer I should be off the pill but still have a more active life."
"Cheap, short term only, good for a couple of hours of moderate pain relief. Taking 3-5 of 7.5/325 a day with the Butrans patch. With this combination at there maximum effectiveness brings my knee and hip pain from a 7-9 to a 3-4. Only downside of the hydrocodone is mild constipation and slight drowsiness."
"I suffer with severe atopic dermatitis. I went to several dermatologist before they could figure out my condition. I tried several creams and ointments but they all burned and made the skin red and swollen. Then it would all flake away n become inflammed again. In 5 days of using elidel my skin is clearer than it&#039;s been in months! It doesn&#039;t burn going on the skin (I keep it in the fridge) n it feels smooth going on. Definitely apply a moisturizer after application. Elidel has been a God  send!! I hope it works for everyone else. Elidel is very expensive."
"Doctor prescribed me naproxen sodium since I have endometriosis and it helps my cramps a lot.  My cramps before were so bad they made me stay in bed and made me nauseous. This stops/slows the cramps thus eliminating all my other period pains. Definitely recommend this to other women with the same problem."
"Took myself off of the drug because my BP was at pre-hypertension, and I had this constant dry cough.  I used to have horrible leg cramps at night....no matter how much water I drank before bed.  I never use salt or eat salty foods; the doctor said to eat more bananas.  I never made the connection to the cramps and the meds, and my doctor did not, either.   Well...I wondered why I haven&#039;t had any leg cramps in months, and my boyfriend said &quot;you stopped taking your blood pressure medicine&quot;.   Duh!"
"Have had Fibromyalgia for 17 years, just diagnosed this year. Was prescribed Ultram for worst pain days. Almost completely takes the pain away with 100mg. Little to no side effects. First couple times I took it, I felt a little drowsy. I am very happy that my rheumatologist recommended this medication. To get some pain relief and still feel like myself is all I could hoped for! Would recommend."
"Currently on day 5 of 7, laying in bed miserable from the itchy burning feeling. I&#039;d much rather deal with the YI until I see my gynecologist than use this another day. I thought as the days went by it would lessen but I can&#039;t sleep I&#039;m on the verge of tears. I don&#039;t know how women are expected to deal with this. I&#039;m so surprised to see so many others dealing with this also. I use the one from family dollar whatever the store brand one is and it never hurt and worked great but the name brand monistat 7 day is the one I&#039;m using now and I can&#039;t deal with this at all.  Never again!  :("
"I was on accutane for a little over 6 months. I started at 30mgs/day, but became suicidal and had severe joint pain so my doc dropped me to 20mgs/day. I was able to handle the dryness and sun sensitivity. Ultimately I stopped taking it early because it dried out my lungs and (although I can&#039;t prove it) I believe my new diagnosis of asthma is due to the accutane. I suffered from horrible chest pain for over a month before figuring out it was the accutane. Once I stopped, the chest pain went away, but the asthma has not gone away. It did completely clear up my skin, but I don&#039;t know if it was worth it. I&#039;ve been off for 3 months now and I have a little acne again, but it&#039;s not anywhere near as bad as it was before."
"I started on Qsymia 4/26/2015, at my yearly checkup. I am a 55 yr old female, and am post menopausal, and have hit a road block when it comes to losing weight. My Dr. said I am in wonderful health and was not concerned with my 5&#039;9&#039;&#039; 264lb body. At my request, she told me about Qsymia and suggested that I try it for an added boost , since I do exercise and eat healthy already but was not seeing results like I should be seeing. She prescribed the low 2 week starter dose. I have only been taking for 5 days but already have seen success. 5lbs. lost, with no side affects. Only thing was 1 day when I did not eat enough and I went for my 30 min walk, I about passed out, weak legs, dizzy, and fast heart rate due to not eating. Will make sure to eat."
"I would only take malarone, knowing that the FDA recently put a black box warning on mefloquine, but malarone is really messing me up.  I live in Africa and will be for the next couple of years.  Malarone is causing me to have horrific insomnia, some hallucinations and muscle contractions.  My stomach pain I can deal with along with the back pain.  The insomnia is killing me, though.  I can&#039;t work, I walk around like a zombie.  I&#039;m going to take my chances with malaria.  No more pills for me."
"I started off taking 25mg Trazodone and eventually worked my way up to 75mg which I was on for about 2 months. Trazodone worked great for helping me fall and stay asleep throughout the night without waking up from panic attacks. It made me feel relaxed and I never felt the need for Xanax which was the case prior to taking Trazodone. However, getting off Trazodone was rough. The first week off, I had two panic attacks at night even while on an SSRI. After that I became more stable but experiencing those few panic attacks after getting off wasn&#039;t fun."
"My husband&#039;s thought process has improved greatly. He also has more energy and less depression. He feels better."
"It&#039;s great birth control because your husband will never want to have sex with you when you are bleeding for 3 straight months. I had nexplanon in for 3 months and bled the entire time. A romantic vacation was ruined along with countless pairs of underwear. I have never spent so much money in such a short time for tampons,pads and panty liners in my life because I never knew what type of flow I was going to have besides a constant one. I&#039;m 35 and never felt more like a teenager because of horrible spotting, break outs and no sex.  I thought this would be a great alternative but it has put a definite strain on my day to day life. Now I am back in birth control and still bleeding."
"Next to Frova (which is, to me, the miracle drug), Maxalt-MLT has been by far the most helpful triptan migraine medication. And it&#039;s also quite convenient, as it dissolves in your mouth (without having a horrible taste, even)."
"This medicine is horrible for me. The first time I took it, I felt it 20 minutes after. I had random spot pains all over my body, insomnia, throwing up, dizziness, my limbs went numb, and my already diagnosed anxiety and depression got 10x worse. I could not rest, it felt like my body was going 100 mph. I had horrible mood swings and it affected my relationship even though he understood. I felt very angry and hostile I cried over almost anything with terrible migraines and canker sores. I also got blood clots. I am 95 pounds. I would not recommend this to anyone."
"I caught flu last week and after 4 days of congestion to the point I thought my head would explode, I took some double strength Mucinex. The pharmacist told me it was as strong as 12 cough syrups and to take it before I went to bed that very night, but after coming here first and reading reviews which claim insomnia, I decided to take it the next morning.
Wow! I can breath out of my nose and I&#039;m definitely feeling a lot better. The only problem is that it seems to have some sort of peppy ingredient in it which dries you out quickly if you&#039;re not actively drinking through the day. Still, a million times better than Lemsip!"
"I&#039;ve been taking 400mg of Lamictal a day for about 3 years now and my doctor suggested adding Latuda to the mix. When I first started taking 40 mg of Latuda I was getting a headache, which made me panic. So we cut it down to 10mg twice a week and it seems to be working well. Just enough to get by. As posted earlier I felt it kind of hard to get up in the morning when taking Latuda at night. I take it before bed in fear of having that panicky headache thing going on again."
"Very good"
"NEVER HAD AN ANXIETY ATTACK AFTER LEXAPRO. I used to have very severe anxiety , and I had to go to hospital multiple times thinking I had heart attacks.  I had hot/cold flashes, chest pains, pounding heart, couldn&rsquo;t breathe, dizziness.... unfortunately I got off of it to take a pill for my Tourette&rsquo;s syndrome a few weeks ago and my anxiety came back and the new pill made me sick , so now my anxiety is back badly and I had to go to hospital multiple times thinking I had heart issues again... just got put back on lexipro a week ago hasn&rsquo;t started working yet I hope it kicks in :( I also took buspar with lexapro before it is a second anxiety pill and u can take them together ."
"This works quite well for me.  I don&#039;t know if anyone else uses it or had adult onset growth hormone deficiency and also developed this condition from Gulf War Syndrome.  When I started taking the Humatrope, my bone density went from a -4 to a -2.3 and hopefully is still going up.  My focus and concentration improved and my irritability and my energy level went way up!

I have been using it for about 5 years now and didn&#039;t know I had it until my urologist started listing reasons for severe osteoporosis and it turns out that I had adult onset growth hormone deficiency.  

Good luck to all.  Hopefully Stem Cell technology can be used to help cure/fix us!"
"My Dr agreed to over see putting me on Qsymia because he watched as I devotedly pursued everything else to no avail. I have now been on this for 1 week and have dropped 3 lbs. I have 60 to go and have all the patience in the world as long as I see progress. I do get tired midday laydown, ten minutes get up, I do get constipated but take those probiotic gummies that seem to help. I crave sweet but nothing really sounds good. I plan to start walking just a mile daily."
"33 year old Male, affected by anxiety and bouts of depression all my life.  Went through a bad breakup in &#039;10 and was severely depressed, got on 50mg of Sertraline and took for 4 months after experiencing horrible panic attacks and suicidal thoughts after trying Lexapro.  Earlier this year had another fall into anxiety and depression, started on 50mg of Sertraline and experienced diarrhea, panic attacks, nausea, sweating, insomnia, mood swings, fatigue, etc during the first couple weeks.  After 5 weeks I am feeling much better and just upped the dosage to 75mg.  I experienced about 10-15 lbs weight loss in the first 2-3 weeks from not being able to eat but otherwise the only side effects are slight loss of sexual desire and sensitivity."
"I&#039;ve been using the pen consistently now for about 10 weeks. I haven&#039;t noticed any major side effects. I&#039;ve only lost about 6 lbs but hey its a work in progress. The best part is my A1C has went down from 10.9 to 9.2 now recently 7.1. Only major issue is the needle is so thick and it hurts, also sometimes the medicine doesn&#039;t want to come out so I have to stick myself again and use up another needle tip."
"I had a very severe reaction to the drug.  It started after two doses (1 day).  My skin erupted in small blisters.  That night the whole of my skin erupted with not only the blisters but also very large welts and extreme reddening of the skin all over my body all of which itched more than I have ever experienced before.  In the middle of the night I took a bath to try to alleviate the itching.  It didn&#039;t.  I then took an anti histamine which controlled the itching but only now after a week have the blisters finally started to disappear, even though I only took two doses of the drug.  It was an extremely unpleasant and frightening experience."
"I love Methocarbamol. I tend to have muscle spasms that cramp my body in horrific way. Thanks to Methocarbamol, not only did I feel well enough to crawl out of bed, I bowled my best game ever while on it! I had to get a ride to the bowling alley, because I was a little too spacey to get there myself."
"I was put on 2.5 mg every night of saphris, about 2 weeks ago. It has been utter hell for me. Not only Did it make my tactile hallucinations worse, it caused more problems than before. I&#039;ve had to go to the ER. I&#039;m more agitated than before. I&#039;m bipolar. Isn&#039;t this a bipolar med? I&#039;m not schizophrenic. And what&#039;s worse is that even though I&#039;m on the lowest possible dose and only taking once a day, after stopping it IM STILL GETTING WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMS! And not small ones. Like I said before I had to go to the ER. I&#039;m drinking a lot of water but I still had a extremely low amount of electrolytes. I ended up using two full bags of fluid. This drug is not safe. It does more harm than good."
"Works great but expensive."
"Our dog got it for the pain caused by syringomyelia. It improved its condition, but sometimes he needed additional painkillers for his headache."
"2.3 years ago I inserted Mirena to reduce the amount of bleeding. But I am bleeding even now.  &quot;NEVER STOP&quot;"
"I have CRPS stage 3 in my left arm and left foot.  I started on 16mg a day of exalgo, then up to 12 2xday, now 16 2xday for 32mg a day.  I found the 2x a day was the key for this medicine since its takes a long time to start so the next dose 12 hours apart really helped.  I&#039;m just starting the 32mg a day since my crps spread to my entire left arm so I&#039;m hoping I don&#039;t eventually get to the 32mg 2x/day.. has anyone else taken that much?"
"I had a negative reaction to Dilaudid after a surgical procedure.  It made me itch horribly and my mouth broke out on the inside.  I had to stop taking it after two days when the palms of my hands and bottom of my feet were itching like crazy.  I was then prescribed Ultram which made me so nauseous I had to go to bed.  I finally just quit the pain medicines after four days and coasted along with ibuprofen until I was over the surgery completely."
"I&#039;ve had 10 surgeries on both of my legs. I just started going to a doctor this month and they gave me roxys. They work more than any other medicine out there. I&#039;m so happy I can now take my son for a walk and do things that I couldn&#039;t before. I want to thank my doc for taking my pain away."
"I started Contrave March 1 and as of March 19 I&#039;m down 15 pounds! I&#039;m very pleased with that amount of weight lost. I have not had any side effects so far! So I will continue on. I will check back later and give you an update what the full one month total weight lose was."
"I have had the Mirena for a little over 2 years. At first it was a real pain! It hurt so bad to have placed and I had a heavy period for almost 2 months straight. But then the bleeding stopped completely. Overall, I really like having it. It has helped me have fewer migraines, it is so great to not have a period and love not having to worry about getting pregnant. However, I do have bloating, painful cramping every few weeks, and I&#039;ve just started having some back pain which I think may be connected. Right now I can tolerate the side effects for the benefits it gives. I have thought about getting it taken out, but I really don&#039;t want to go back to horrible migraines or any other form of birth control."
"Have been on Forteo almost four months. At first I had mild nausea and my appetite was down. But now my body has adjusted to it. Compared to all the other medications I tried... the side effects were nonexistant! Hope to get a good report on my next bone density test."
"I was told by my physician after tests that I had pneumonia. He gave me a shot of rocephin. The next morning I was almost back to normal, except for having a very sore butt. I feel much better."
"I have to say that Contrave works. I have been on this medication since the beginning of December. I didn&#039;t have any of the side effects in the beginning. I have lost approximately 20 lbs at this point. I have no more cravings for coffee or sweets. I no longer like the taste of wine, which I recently discovered. I try to take the dosages 12 hours apart and have learned not to take it on an empty stomach. Within the past 2 weeks I have had bouts of nausea and vomiting. I am fine after that but absolutely think it has something to do with my stomach not tolerating acidic foods, unusual for me. I have learned to have a different relationship with food. I now eat to live instead of living to eat."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia about two years ago after nearly five years of suffering. No doctors could find anything wrong with me and so for a long time I actually thought I was losing my mind! My doctor put me on Vicoprofen but it only helped a little. Finally he gave me Percocet and for the first time in years, I finally have some relief. I can&#039;t take Savella or Lyrica and so this medicine is a God send! Of course my doctor didn&#039;t want to give it to me but I explained to him that he wasn&#039;t the one who couldn&#039;t even get out of bed on most days. It also helped with my MDD (Major Depressive Disorder) along with the Prozac. It is the best thing that could ever have happened to me."
"I&#039;ve had increasingly annoying symptoms for years. In the past, I&#039;ve tried other medications (Uroxitrol and FloMax) and had some improvement in voiding my bladder and a somewhat increased stream. However the side effects were unpleasant. My blood pressure dropped severely and standing up from a sitting position would cause extreme dizziness from hypotension. So I stopped taking them and the symptoms went away.

Recently my problems voiding became significant, so I went to see the urologist again. He prescribed Rapaflo. I had immediate relief. Within a couple of hours I noticed a difference. It&#039;s been two weeks and I&#039;m noticing a bit of a decline in flow, so I&#039;m going to ask if there is a slightly higher dose. No unpleasant side effects yet."
"I am 51 years old and had been smoking since I was 14 years old. About a pack or so a day. I have been taking Chantix for 3 weeks. Unbelievable results so far. It&#039;s like I had never been a smoker before. Yes there are dreams but not Night Terrors just dreams about people in my life or people I would like to have in my life. I absolutely highly recommend this medicine if you WANT to quit. It&#039;s awesome! My wife is on it as well and she would echo my comments here too."
"I love this birth control. The only problem I have is just the side effects I just hope that it will go away soon. I been on my period for 3weeks and 3 days I read some people comments and they said they had a period for a long time but only spotting, mines is like that but hoping it come off soon. I been on all the types of birth control and I think this one is the best for me so far."
"I went to the doctor for lower back pain/leg pain and I knew I was overweight from keeping the baby weight on from 1 year ago. He suggested Adipex to help get me motivated. I started the pill the end of February at 191 (5&#039;10) and by the end of July I am now 144. I went off the pill for 2 months in May/June. Now on it again for just a couple months. I will take a break over the winter and see how I do. I found out that I lost more weight when I did not work out. Now I am starting to work out to tone up.  Love the new me."
"Works fine. I missed about 5 days and it showed on my lab work."
"At age 48 and good health, I took Atorvastatin/10mg for 1 year without symptoms.  It lowered my bad cholesterol.  Near the 1st year, I began experiencing significant/unusual leg weakness and knee pain when standing from a kneeling position.  It got to the point that I always needed to brace myself on the sofa or coffee table when getting up after playing with my dog or toddler son.  Rising from my desk required a push on the desk top.  Then weakness and pain to my finger/shoulder joints and a &quot;forgetfulness.&quot;  Overall, I felt &quot;Rickety.&quot;  My MD said to stay on it.  I decided otherwise and went off cold turkey one day.  I&#039;ve been off 2 years and I feel normal again, except for residual and reduced effect on my shoulder and hands."
"Aczone is a mediocre and overpriced topical medication, distributed by a greedy pharmaceutical company named Allergan. Spend your money on a better product that doesn&#039;t cost you $900/year (with insurance!!!) I&#039;m switching back to Finacea, which is just as good on my skin and doesn&#039;t break the bank."
"I&#039;m taking methimazole for about 4 months and already experienced side effects.  I have a very bad burning in my tongue and mouth. My teeth have become very sensitive and I have headaches every day. I told my doctor 2 times about this. He just runs the same tests on me and he finds nothing. I think is this medicine that&#039;s making all of this, but he just doesn&#039;t listen. I need help cause this side effects are killing me!!!!"
"I started having panic attacks 3 years ago when going through deaths in the family and the ending of my marriage, to being a single Mom.
I just could not cope with it any longer I can&#039;t tell you the trips to the ER. Just to be gave a lorazepam.
My doctor tried other benzo&#039;s but they just did not help the sudden attacks. They have upped my dose.
But at this point Xanax is a life saver and I don&#039;t know what I would do without them. The only draw back is the half life they wear off to soon and I will not take another dose until time to take it again, those few hours are not good. But 2 and 1/2 milligrams a day is far as I will take this. I have been on benzodiazepines for three years and that scares me, but not like the panic attack, those make you feel like your having a heart-attack or worse. I have had some that I really did not think I was going to live through.
So my Xanax stays until I can get off them when the stress is gone and a taper off, never suddenly go off them it could be very dangerous. A taper down is best but from what I have heard it&#039;s not pleasant."
"I was on this For 5 YEARS UNTIL My DOCOTR MADE ME Get Off SINCE THIS CAUSES low bone density. I regret being on it so long but was scared to try anything else and get pregnant. 
Pros- no periods/cramps and no pregnancy 
Cons-weight gain. I was a soccer player my entire high school career and walked everywhere. I gained 40 pounds in 5 year period. 20 pounds first year. It didn&#039;t stop. I went from 150 lbs to 206. At this point I wanted to get off and I reached 5 year limit. 
I HIGHLY DO NOT RECCOMMEND"
"I&#039;ve been on Copaxone since January 2012. I was diagnosed Dec. 2011. Copaxone has give me energy to do my daily duties. I still have a day or 2 in bed from time to time. The key to Copaxone working is to keep those D3 vitamin levels up. I go to pain management for combination of degeneration &amp; Multiple Sclerosis pain. Family is a comfort &amp; very needed for the emotional comfort of the disease. You have to balance medicine, family, God, love &amp; friends. All of the above is a prescription to help manage MS more comfortably. Hope this will help others. Copaxone has been a real winner for me."
"You are not going to get immediate results with Testopel.  It took me 17 days last time before I felt like a champ.  You just have to give Testopel some time and you will throw rocks at gels and shots.  I have insurance that pays for most all of mine but I would definitely not be on Testopel if I didn&#039;t just because it cost so much."
"I went straight on Triumeq a couple of months of being diagnosed with HIV :( I started taking them in January it is now March and I am undetectable (yay) I did have a low viral count but still.

 I haven&#039;t had any bad side effects.  At first I took them in the morning, but thought they were making me feel a bit sick, so to be safe, I switched to taking them at bedtime, since then not a single issue for me, no night terrors, no sickness, nothing. Pop the pill and sleep :) 

In UK this wasn&#039;t the first drug prescribed by my doctor, but due to other factors it was decided to try Triumeq. It may be worth asking about it and it comes free on the NHS."
"I just got back on it but use to take it for years and I was happiest when on Zoloft."
"If I could give this a ZERO I would.
Poison, complete poison. Do your children a favor and yourself, do not EVER get this shot..
I have been off of te medicine for over 7 years now and the effects are still rolling. I now receieve cycles for THREE months long! Every time. And don&#039;t receieve the cycle for at least 3-4 months.
The clotting is the size of my hand, multiple times, daily... The bleeding is so abnormal, no one should ever have to deal with the amount of blood... Doctors can&#039;t do anything they state besides give me more pills, I don&#039;t want anymore medication, going herbal."
"Have never experienced such a high quality of sleep since 8 years, was very promising.
Experienced night sweats and vivid dreams at the beginning . But I didn&#039;t mind at all because I thought finally I can stop taking benzos and go with this healthier alternative.
After the 3rd day and increasing with each day, my preexisting stuttering condition worsened significantly and I began to experience severe anxiety and felt dizzy during the day. My doctor saw me during treatment and a week after stopping and was shocked at how much my stuttering decreased and anxiety reduction.
I am so disappointed it didn&#039;t work for me. I still recommend people try it."
"So far so good, but there has been more than a few times I &quot;hands down&quot; just KNEW I was pregnant., but I never am....(thank goodness). I don&#039;t know why this happens and it is quite scary. I get moody, have tender breasts and get fluffy around the middle. It&#039;s so odd! And thank God I&#039;m not a betting woman because I have been so sure I was expecting, that if someone asked me to be all of my money I would have. I&#039;m having one of those times now and I still have 2 weeks to go for Aunt Flo.... UGH!
I give Paragard a 9 just because of the anxiety I get from occasionally assuming I am expecting."
"Hi guys! (Insertion Experience)
14. November 2017

First of all im a 25y old who never had a child. I just had the Kyleena inserted 2 hours ago and I was terrified and anxious about it. I did the worst thing you could possible imagine.. reading all the bad reviews of course! This only made me even more nervous about the insertion.

I prepared for a nightmare and took 1000mg of regular painkillers and 400mg of Ibuprofen an hour before the insertion.

It didn&rsquo;t hurt AT ALL.. They gave me some numbing shots prior to the insertion and it wasn&rsquo;t painfull at all! I barely felt it. Would even call it uncomfortable. Now I&rsquo;m cramping a bit.

Don&rsquo;t let the bad reviews get into your head! 

100% recommend! "
"I am ready to get OFF this pill. I have been on this pill now for a year and some change. I want to get back on my lower dosage because this pill is just horrible to me. I have been on BC pills for 10 years and never experienced what I am going through right now. I gained 20lbs and changed NOTHING with my healthy eating habits, my migraines got so SUPER BAD I had to get a MRI to make sure everything was okay. I am usually nauseated and I SPOT A LOT. 3 WEEKS out of month I am spotting or lightly bleeding with some bad ass cramps, I have my appt Thursday and I am ready to be done with this!!"
"About 2 years ago, I was prescribed Remeron. I immediately got my appetite back. But then unfortunately about a week later my legs, ankles, feet, hands, and wrists were terribly swollen. So much that it hurt to walk. The doctor told me to stop taking it and the swelling went away."
"It&#039;s been 2 months and overall my experience has been positive.No period or spotting just a few acne break outs here and there.No weight gain or crazy appetite.I barely eat and i don&#039;t habe mood swings . It was sore for.a few weeks but now its not noticeable at all ..love it will do.it against if removal goes smoothly."
"Been very patient with this medication with high hopes but after 6 months I stopped as I only lost 3 lbs. For whatever reason I couldn&#039;t resist the binges. Appetite seemed about the same so maybe I just have to focus more on more natural methods."
"Hello everyone and thank you for sharing your stories. I have been on Invokana for two weeks. After the first day I started to itch. I ran out and brought monistat 7. After that I returned to the doctor a day later and found that I had lost 6 lbs! Since that time I have lost an additional 10 lbs. I know that this will not continue for long but I am excited. I am utilizing myfitnesspal to track my calories, I am eating a well balanced diet. I am adding exercising bit by bit since I have issues with my lungs. I am excited and hopeful that I can soon be off of all medications. I take 2000 of metformin a day, 5 mg of glipizide, and 100mg Invokana everyday. My levels are great now. I did have horrible stomachaches until yesterday."
"This medication worked great as far as my mental state. It actually worked, which is something that no other medicine had done for me. On the downside, I began to swell or retain fluids extremely bad. I was several months into taking the medicine before the swelling was noticeable, therefore I didn&#039;t suspect that it was this medication. I got to the point where I couldn&#039;t twist the lid off a bottle or hardly bear the weight of standing on my feet. The swelling was intermittent with the worst cases being in the morning after waking up. Some days it was extremely bad and others it was mild.  After 4 doctors assessed me and found nothing, I checked for side effects of Remeron. Swelling of hands and feet is listed."
"Dampened my cough as soon as it was consumed and soon after completely got rid of the cough."
"I started Loestrin 24 a few months ago and was nervous about some side effects I&#039;ve always heard of from the pill. I was nauseous for only the 1st week, and only got my period for 2 days and had zero cramps even though I used to have to take 3 Advil for the 1st 3 days of my period. No weight gain, only in my breasts (grew a cup size). HOWEVER, this pill made me break out horribly. I&#039;ve always broken out a little before my period, but while on this I got multiple huge cysts on my chin and under my nose before my period and my cheeks which have never broken out before were breaking out as well. Really no side effects but the acne was enough to make me go off of it."
"Took this for a bladder and kidney infection for 7 days, cleared up my infection and offered instant relief after 1 day. I am normally prone to gastro problems with antibiotics but didn&#039;t have any problems with thus one. The only side effect was it affected my sleep, after a few hours I&#039;d wake up and couldn&#039;t get back to sleep every night while taking it. Also had anxiety dreams which I don&#039;t normally have."
"I started taking naltrexone about 3 days ago. 6 1/2 weeks ago, I began detox/withdrawal in an inpatient setting for anorexia. I could have never gone from a fifth of vodka a day for 2+ years without this medical intervention.
After detoxing with librium I started campral (still in inpatient with no access to alcohol). I started naltrexoneon in addition to campral (and other meds for bipolar, anxiety, depression) 3 days ago. I returned home today and I&#039;m sad to admit I chugged about 1/4 bottle, not remembering I was on naltrexone. I recognize that I&#039;m quite heavy headed but I feel bored and lethargic rather than uninhibited as i normally would.
I am so happy to have access to a drug to take away the influence alcohol had on my life."
"I was taking 200mg over 3 days. On the second day I got horrendous neck ache, ear ache and a sore throat. I stopped taking it but the symptoms carried on. I&#039;m going back to the doctors today for something else."
"Does not work if you&#039;re a real smoker 35 year&#039;s or more this is not for you."
"I have had the Implanon since October 2009 and since then I have gained 50  pounds. I was 189 and have gotten up to 232 pounds. Far as the pregnancy thing goes I will give it a 10 because I didn&#039;t get pregnant. I would not recommend this method if you are borderline obese because you will more than likely gain weight."
"My PCP doc had increased the amount of Oxycontin I take from 2 to 3 a day when they changed the formula in order to get the same amount of relief. The down side was he said I was maxed out on my pain meds now and took away my meds for break through pain. He suggested seeing a pain management doctor after a car accident that was making break through pain unbearable. The pain doc started me on a P-STIM and wanted me to try the Subsys. With such severe pain I agreed to it. I will never look back at my decision to try it as it has been a life saver for me and will take my pain from a 10 to a 2 very quickly. The only set back I can see is you have to wait a 1/2 hour before you can do another spray."
"I have lost 88 pounds in 10 months. I had some drowsiness and increased sweating at first but improved within a few weeks.. A small price to pay for the overall improvement in my quality of life. I believe the effectiveness depends upon the underlying reason for obesity. naltrexone lowers cravings and improves addictive behavior. My problem was the compulsion to binge eat high calorie foods. I don&#039;t know how effective it would be on obesity for other underlying reasons, which may explain why it works for some and not for others. My life has improved and I can do things I have been unable to do in years. Very pleased!"
"I have Barrett&#039;s Disease. This helps the pain somewhat but doesn&#039;t make me feel well or have an appetite.  Maybe not compatible with other medicines.  "
"My eyes tear constantly, I also have plugs in both eyes that don&#039;t seem to be helping. So far Restasis hasn&#039;t helped at all. All the Dr says is keep using it. I&#039;m very frustrated. I don&#039;t know what to do."
"The longer I take it the more I bleed. I&#039;ve had unexplained hair loss. I&#039;ve been on it for several months now. The first two months were fine then the next two I had two full periods a month now I&#039;m having three with no end in site of when I&#039;ll stop bleeding."
"Being 32 and having cancer four times, I realized that I had a serious anxiety disorder. I did not believe in a &quot;pill&quot; but eventually, I realized that something had to change. I tried Welbutrin for a while, which made me feel bipolar and then I switched to Lexapro for several years. The problem with Lexapro was that I didn&#039;t feel anything good or bad. I know that you might think that&#039;s a blessing, but it&#039;s truly not. After gaining over 20 pounds, my doctor suggested that I switch to Cymbalta, which I was very nervous about, but I knew something had to change. I have been on Cymbalta for 3 months now and it is working. I think the worst part is the constipation! I also have broken out in several rashes on my face while &quot;drinking.&quot;"
"I have bipolar 2 disorder and of course clonazepam remedies my anxious manic states with speed and grace."
"I have being on Invega Sustenna now for 4 month. It has been great medication but I started to have facial movement small, but I&#039;m afraid it might increase. I will ask my doctor to reduce the dosage so I might not have side effect."
"This medication has done wonders for my son. He&#039;s been on it now for about 2years, and it really helps him concentrate in school and at home. Last year he brought home a&#039;s and b&#039;s and hes 9 years old! I am so proud of him!"
"I am on my 5th month of treatment and have seen some improvement in overall pain/discomfort, but still continue to have issues. I also have extreme fatigue the day after treatment. My doctor just increased my dose to the maximum to see if that works. I must take medication to sleep comfortably and medication to stay awake during the day. These medications interact. I supposedly have a mild case of rheumatoid arthritis and am still waiting to feel normal."
"My mother was taking this drug  twice monthly. She had been on it once before for aut  2 years and had great results. She had to stop because of an operation. Later on her arthritis caused so much pain and she requested this medicine again. She took it again for 3 months and was so happy to be able to get around. She then got scratched by her dog, took the shot and by the next morning she had a 104 fever and infection spread throughout her body. She went into a coma state and never came out of it. She died from septic shock 6 days later. Use with extreme caution. Do not use if you even get a scratch or sore as it lowers your immune system and may cause death from an infection."
"I love this medicine. The chronic back pain disappears and tramadol doesn&#039;t provide any drowsiness."
"Long time user of Lithium, 35 years, I have Stage three renal failure, also have a atrophy cerebellum, and the last side effect is Downbeat  Nystagmus due to atrophy cerebellum."
"I started using this and it was fine until my face one morning started burning really bad, my face was bright red!! When I tried to wash it off my face started stinging and burning so bad I could have cried"
"I got Mirena six months ago and I&#039;m so happy that I did.  My doctor did not place Mirena while on my period. I took a pill which softened my cervix and had it placed the next day. There was a horrible pinching feeling when she inserted it, but it immediately stopped once inserted.  I didn&#039;t bleed at all until my period started a week later... but then, I bled for three months straight.  It was mostly heavy spotting, but it was inconvenient for three months. Almost to the day, three months later, I stopped bleeding and I haven&#039;t had a period since. Getting Mirena was one of the best decisions I&#039;ve ever made."
"I feel very difficult when taking Zoloft at 25mg. for about ten days then 50mg. afterwards. I primarily take it for stress, anxiety, and depression.  Once I was told by a psychiatrist that I could have PMDD even though I haven&#039;t been diagnosed with the condition by a gynecologist, it&#039;s because I would have severe crying spells days before my period so severe that I wouldn&#039;t stop crying, and I would feel extremely sensitive emotionally.  I still cry a little before I get period sometimes, but the medication I take seems to work well to keep my nerves calm.  In addition I have bipolar depression, PTSD, social anxiety, and ADD/ADHD.  Ritalin is another medication that I also take."
"Hiprex is amazing! I suffered for years with chronic UTI&#039;s and was constantly on antibiotics which made me feel even worse. I tried everything from ural sachets to cranberry tablets and nothing helped until I tried hiprex. As long as you take the recommended 2 tablets each day (one in morning, one at night) it works! The only downside is the taste of the tablets but I found taking it with some food helps mask the taste."
"My Doctor asked if I was interested in trying Qsymia to help jump start weightloss after I had my son. I have hypothyroidism so losing weight is never easy so I thought &quot;why not&quot;. I did lose about 30lbs fairly quickly but thats when it went downhill. It stopped working so she raised the dosage...well, let me tell you...MIGRAINES every night. I didnt have any other side effects but they were so bad, it wasn&#039;t worth it. THEN when I stopped I got them again! Anything thats messing with my brain scares me. I toughed it out and the migraines stopped but I am slowly gaining the weight back without any diet change at all whatsoever. I went to my endocrinologist and he said to expect weight gain automatically if you stop taking a weightless drug."
"I was on this bc 2 &amp; a half months before I decided to stop. This was not my first BC &amp; previously I had no issues with bc. The first month was okay but around the 2nd month I started having terrible nausea at nighttime. To the point where I wasn&#039;t able to leave the house. I also had extremely decreased libido. Went from having sex daily to maybe once a week. No change in weight or appetite other than not wanting to eat because of the nausea. I have now been off of trisprintec for about a week &amp; haven&#039;t had any nighttime nausea at all. Every bc effects everyone differently but this was not the one for me."
"I got shingles on my scalp left side forehead and eye.  I was in hospital for 5 days on an IV for both antivirus and antibiotics.  The doctor had said that it was the worse shingles he had seen. After the scabs had gone I was Prescribed lyrica.   I take 300mg at night and 25mg in the morning.  It has been 5 weeks since I developed shingles and my face and scalp are still numb.  I have intermittent pain shocks.  I believe the lyrica is effective as I can&#039;t imagine what it would be like if I didn&#039;t take it.  I&#039;m not sure how long I am suppose to take this but I imagine by other feedbacks that it could be months."
"I take 75mg daily! Took a good two full weeks to adjust! Will experience weird dreams, insomnia and sweats the first two weeks! Hang in there, for me it was a lifesaver!"
"Switched from Paxil 20mg to Effexor 75mg. On Paxil I just couldn&#039;t lose weight and my insurance wanted me to try an SRNI before they would pay for the newer meds like Brintellix. At first I noticed a decrease in anxiety THEN I went to work!! My job is very stressful and I have to be SPOT on!! First I noticed anxiety returning then that I was clumsy..dropping things! I then started noticing numbness and tingling in my fingers and then waking up with numb arms which would not wake up for up to 7hrs!!! I did some research and noticed that numbness/tingling of the extremities is a side effect for 20% of people taking Effexor. The numbness scared me to death! I immediately went to my Shrink and got off this damn drug! I&#039;m going to Lexapro! Ugh!"
"I was getting persistent breakouts (atopic dermatitis)  on my face especially after shaving.  I first began using prescription strength hydrocortisone cream and other steroid creams,  but after a while they lost their effectiveness and began making my skin worse.  And it caused thinning of my skin.   I eventually started using Elidel  and my skin significantly improved right away.   Elidel caused no adverse reactions.  I barely need to use Elidel anymore.   Elidel was initially not covered by my insurance.   However, my dermatologist was able to obtain prior authorization by submitting records  showing that steroid creams did not work."
"I was skeptical and uneasy about going on birth control again after bad past experiences with other brands. My doctor prescribed it for me because my natural cycle was way too long,heavy bleeding ,and the worst cramps with fevers. Note-you have to stay 3 months on this pill to see how your body really reacts to it. I pretty much had light period throughout the whole 1st month. I did not ,though, have severe cramps anymore. In this second month, I have been more balanced with the bleeding and it is coming around normal time and not additional like month before. Emotions are still unstable- breaking out more too! Greasy face and feeling super gross. If this doesn&#039;t change after 3rd month- I&#039;m switching."
"In 1985 I spent a week in intensive care adjusting to terbutaline, which I was given for the entire last month of my pregnancy.  My child has dyslexia and developed cancer at the age of 27.  At 35 I suffered a heart attack and I have recently been told I now have a hole in my heart that went undetected thru many examinations, x rays &amp; echograms. Chronic pain &amp; nervousness have kept me housebound for so long now that I want these symptoms to end and need to find some answers!  Could this all be related to the long term effects of terbutaline? If there is anyone out there whom has experienced anything similar to my circumstances please comment"
"I am writing this review 6 hours after IUD insertion, so I&#039;m giving my experience on the actual process not side effects. overall I had a VERY POSITIVE experience! My entire appt took maybe 20 minutes. First they took a urine sample to make sure I was not pregnant. The process of insertion itself was quicker than I expected (maybe 5 mins). DON&#039;T READ HORROR STORIES before going in, it made me 100 times more nervous than I needed to be. All you have to do is remember to breathe through the whole thing. I&#039;m not going to lie it was a very bizarre uncomfortable pain that felt like a severe period cramp but it was over before I knew it and I was able to drive home. I&#039;ve had cramps since but nothing I&#039;m not used to. Take Advil and eat prior!!!"
"It works really well my mood and depression are better. My only possible complaint is a constant upset stomach."
"The second day of taking Zetia I had night leg cramps (Charlie&#039;s Horse).  The third night, same thing, leg cramps at night.  The fourth night foot and leg cramps at night.  Stopped taking them after fourth night."
"I was prescribed Harvoni in February, 2013....used it for 12 weeks and after finishing my prescription, my blood was tested for Hep C and was found to be negative. 3 months later I had another blood test which was also negative for Hep C."
"I did take this  10 years ago. It really worked, can&#039;t remember how much weight I lost. It was a significant weight loss!  Since then, I have gained weight and lost it on my own. I am now 50. I only know of one Dr. That prescribes it. I saw him today. I am 50, my metabolism is not the same as it was.... Started it today,  the cost has gone down!!!"
"I started on this in September 2014. Went through a very rough 3 months of sickness some weight loss, dizziness, diarrhea, some vomiting. Finally they subsided. Fast forward to 2 weeks ago, I scheduled surgery on my back. The pre surgery nurse told me to stop the medicine, so I did. I get a call this week from another Dr telling me medicine shouldn&#039;t effect surgery to continue as usual. So I start back up the same day, because of course both my hands and feet have already started with the blisters and peeling within 2 weeks of not taking the medicine. Now 2nd day back in medicine and I&#039;m not functioning. Headache, can&#039;t open my eyes of I do I throw up. I don&#039;t know what to think."
"I&#039;ve been postmenopausal for nearly 7 years. Past the hot flash and insomnia stage. My issue was primarily vaginal dryness and painful intercourse, because the vaginal tissue had lost elasticity. I have used estrogen cream and vagifem.  Both worked fine for awhile, but gradually became less effective. My doctor switched me to the Estring and I love it.  I&#039;m a little unsure about whether I inserted it correctly, because my husband could feel it. Also, I had a pelvic ultrasound for an unrelated issue and the Estring obstructed the tech&#039;s view. I reached down and popped the thing out and put it back when she was done - haha. Now, I do that for relations with my husband, too. I will follow-up with doc about proper placement."
"I inserted the ovule a day and a half ago. The itching and burning caused by the medication has been worse than the actual yeast infection. I just recently removed as much of the medication as I could. I felt immediate relief from internal  discomfort  I hadn&#039;t realized I was experiencing until the medication was removed. The external itching and burning has not subsided yet, but hopefully it will soon. I would strongly advise against using this product, and wish I had read reviews prior to purchasing it."
"Some background: I am 25, have never been on birth control and have regular periods. I&#039;m on my 5th pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and so far am pretty pleased with it other than a few annoying things. I did experience some spotting in the very beginning, and when I started my 4th pack I got my period 2 weeks early which was surprising since I&#039;m so used to having a regular period. I also seem to get a mild yeast infection around the time of my period which, as you can imagine, is awful. I don&#039;t really want to stop taking this pill because my skin has cleared up and I haven&#039;t gained any weight. Just dealing with the yeast with probiotics/yogurt and hopefully it&#039;ll all balance out. If not I&#039;m just going to stop taking it."
"I took this medicine about 6 years ago for depression and PTSD . This is a horrible medication, doctor I saw told me it was a magic drug for depression. Magic as in the sense it is god awful and turned me into a monster. I went from being depressed to being super depressed. I think I suffered from all of the side effects listed, and now that I had a genetic test to find out why medications didn&#039;t work on me , I know why. Being a poor metabolizer made it so the medications build up in my system and I get the horrible side effects, and this one was no different. The withdrawal from this was god awful almost unbearable, from the brain zaps, to the uncontrolled crying, all the way to a 1 day hospital stay. Stay away"
"I am 40 years old. I have dealt with social anxiety since my teen years. I have been on Wellbutrin XR 150 mg twice daily for several months, which has given me energy, improved mood, and increase sex drive. I started gabapentin a couple weeks ago for pain relief related to a slipped disc impinging nerves in my back, sciatica. I am taking 600 mg tthree times a day. I am amazed!! Social anxiety is gone! First time in my life. I have actually been chatty and social without breaking into a sweat from nerves. Also haven&#039;t reached for my when required Ativan at all since starting gabapentin. I couldn&#039;t be happier about this accidental discovery. Life changing. Also note that I am a recovering alcoholic. Maybe defective gaba has been the culprit?"
"Tramadol is a drug that does not work for everyone. I found that different generic brand of tramadol work better than others. I have had the best luck with teva and mylan. The others give me a horrible headache, and dont do anything for my back pain. Also the less you take the better off you are. I take 6 pills a day that are 50mg. I take them 2 at a time every 8 hours. Some people have a hard time finding mylan , teva , and northstar generics. You just have to do the leg work. I get the mylan at walmart. Most places have amneal, and caraco because its cheaper. I can say the brand name ultram is the best by far, and cvs will order it for me, but 180 pills is way to much for me. If you can afford the brand name ultram go for it."
"I&#039;m taking this for the first time because I&#039;m breastfeeding. I&#039;m at the end of the 4th month. I haven&#039;t had a period at all. I&#039;ve experienced mood fluctuations, moderate acne (unusual for me), hair loss and inability to lose weight. As others have mentioned, I feel hungry often and crave chocolate. I will be discussing other options with my ob/gyn."
"My child has been taking this for a few months now. We tried Concerta and after only the second dose he was having severe tics. Focalin has less side effects but his behavior is WORSE when he misses a dose than it ever was before he started taking this medicine. "
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for five months now.  I&#039;m down 30 pounds and I still have about 30 to go.  I&#039;m very pleased with my results.  I use a meal tracker app and stay between 1000-1200 calories a day which can be difficult.  I&#039;m going to increase to 1300-1400 the next couple of months (which may slow my weight loss down a bit but I&#039;m okay with that) because it&#039;s comfort food season! I still love to eat and I think I&#039;ve been successful because I can still have delicious food but with the medicine I&#039;m satisfied with very small portions."
"I took accutane in college and it worked miracles. However, my acne has come back and it looks like I&#039;m going to have to go through another round. I really enjoyed the results, but it wasn&#039;t a permanent effect for me."
"I am a 50 yr old female with BMI of 31.  I have tried all kinds of diets and lost a few lbs with Topamax but the side effects were terrible. I also suffer from Fibromyalgia. My start weight was 191. I have been on Contrave for 2 months and am on the scale down program, which I love. My weigh in this morning is at 174!!! I find that Contrave has helped with my Fibro immensely! No more pain pills! No more anti inflammatory pills! My weight is coming down and I also have energy I hadn&#039;t had in years!!!!  For those with no insurance there is a coupon and or Rx card. I absolutely love Contrave!!!!"
"I&#039;m praying I have similar success to some of these stories I&#039;ve read. I just started Phentermine 37.5 mg today, 7/10/15. I&#039;m 44, 5&#039;2&quot; and 229 lbs. So far, I feel great today. A little bit revved up, but not too bad.  Absolutely no hunger at all. Very thirsty - but that&#039;s a good reason to slam water instead of soda. I&#039;m giving up all sugary foods and drinks.  I want to get back to my comfortable weight of 130-140, and then see where it goes from there. FINGERS CROSSED! I will update more in a couple days. Good luck to all!"
"I had been taking Diovan for several years and it worked well, but the cost became prohibitive ($120 month) so my Doctor switched me to Benicar HTZ. Benicar HTZ worked almost too well and my blood pressure frequently was in the 109/50&#039;s. After about a month I began noticing a lack of sex drive and then soft erections. I have since switched back to Diovan."
"My insomnia is invincible to matter what I take. Or build tolerance quickly.
Tried Belsomra 10 and 20 but it doesn&#039;t do anything.
"
"Accutane was great for me. I had moderate acne and after taking Accutane for only 2 weeks it cleared up my skin. I kept clear all throughout my 5 month treatment and now I&#039;ve been off of it for almost a month, still clear.  The chapped lips is easily treatable and dry skin just needs a little lotion.  Overall very worth it."
"One of the best medications I have taken for depression, one warning is do not run out of this medication, because you will experience terrible withdrawals, and when you re-take it the nausea is terrible. If I can stay on this medicine for a long time, I will be happy, never had better control of my depression than I do on Effexor."
"On day 4, and down 3.5 pounds with zero side effects other than a mild headache, which I can live with. I am a food addict - I don&#039;t eat out of hunger. I think of food 24/7. With this drug, I do not, and find the cravings have disappeared! 
Thank you so much dr for this."
"Started off with the &quot;Purple Pill&quot; effective but very expensive. Physician switched me to &quot;Pantoprazole&quot; (Protonix) - just as effective, a fraction of the price. My diet slipped back to pre-med carelessness (spicy food, garlic, onions, curries &amp;c and STILL no problems. I did go back to sensible eating at the urging of my daughter!"
"This drug almost killed me. I started during a flare up in my 2nd trimester. My hair would fall out and kept reporting unexplained protein in my urine at every doc appointment...I lost 15 lbs during pregnancy and was determine high risk. 6 months post term, I started to get severe chills to fever, couldn&#039;t eat, had full colitis symptoms...was hospitalized with cardiac distress, severe anemia and dehydration and stage 4 kidney failure caused by Lialda...mayo clinic detected that the protein in my urine was in fact a side effect from the lialda. I was immediately taken off and my creatin and iron levels began to stabilize and my hair stopped falling out."
"Love It Love It!!"
"After being hospitalized for very high BP that my other medications weren&#039;t able to control -- I was prescribed .5 of Norvasc. Within 3 hours, my BP was down to 70/ 52, and continued to drop to 68/ 42 with my pulse going as low as 40 bpm. 
I came very close to calling 911, but after a couple of hours of drinking water -- I was able to get the BP up to around 90/65. Obviously I will not take this medicine again -- and feel that the side effect for it wasn&#039;t given"
"I have been using Diovan for several years and it works great, however now my insurance company wants me to resort to Losartan.  When I was on Lotensin it didn&#039;t do the job.  Hope Losartan does."
"Good medication when used at the right dosage. Stronger than Xanax dose for dose, but has to be discussed with the doctor."
"I did not gain any weight, and have seen a slight improvement in my skin overall ( I never really had/have acne though). One thing that I have noticed is my anxiety and moodiness (depression) is completely out of control. I&#039;m either suffering from sky-high anxiety for no reason, or I&#039;m fighting back tears for no reason! Also, my sex drive has completely plummeted, I mean from 10 to absolutely ZERO. I am in my late twenties and this has been a real struggle with my long term relationship. Definitely not the pill for me."
"I started taking Victoza on 10/18/2014 &amp; the 1st 4 days I was fine I had a slight headache, the 5th day I was dizzy &amp; vomiting I couldn&#039;t keep water down. I skipped a day of Victoza &amp; started back the following day, no problems  I&#039;m down 7lbs."
"Never have a period or symptoms of a period! LOVE IT!"
"My fianc&eacute; and I have been trying to conceive for four years. We are both 26 years old. Last year I was rushed into emergency surgery because I had cancerous cysts on my right ovary and cysts that had burst. After the procedure was done my doctor told me that my left ovary didn&#039;t work. It wasn&#039;t producing anything. So, he told me that that cancerous cysts were probably the cause of why we hadn&#039;t gotten pregnant yet and if in a year we still weren&#039;t pregnant to come back in. Well, one year went by and nothing. So, he prescribed me clomid and told me to take it day 1 of my period for 5 days. I am currently on day 4/5 and have had no serious side affects besides a minor headache that goes away with tylenol. I am so excited to see if this works!"
"I had no clue what this stuff was. My grandma has been using it for her elbow. I was having a &quot;blonde&quot; moment I guess cause I was thinking how can a gel work when her pain is under the skin? Well I&#039;ve been having horrible knee pain, I&#039;m seeing a knee specialist this week. I picked up her tube and thought I&#039;d give it a try thinking it would do nothing. When I got up out of the chair I was amazed! Hardly any pain at all. I looked back at the gel and thought &quot;no way&quot; this has got to be in my head. So I got on the computer and decided to research this a little, I think when I go to my specialist I will ask for a prescription for this. However I think I may have used just a little too much, oh well!"
"Started taking this for severe back pain and muscle spasms.  I really wish the doctor would have warned me about it!  I started getting sick a couple days after starting it but didn&#039;t think about it being a reaction to the drug!  I was nauseated first,  then the chest pressure started, headache, my vision was blurry,  and I couldn&#039;t walk across the floor without being out of breath. It was two weeks of pure hell before I thought about the new medicine!  When we looked it up I had more than 13 of the many serious side effects!   I even had to make a trip to urgent care because of it, they diagnosed me with bronchitis!  I  just can&#039;t believe they allow something like this on the market!  How long will it  take to stop being miserable?"
"Only side effects is dry mouth for me, but I drink lots of water and use Act for dry mouth. I started February 2015 the first 2 weeks lost 10lbs, currently down 26 total."
"This pill is honestly so terrible. The first week I began taking it, I started to break out all over my face with extremely painful cystic acne. It was uncontrollable. As soon as I started to take the inert pills, my face cleared up. Also this has caused me to form a fibroadenoma in my breast, and I have an extremely extensive family history of breast cancer in young women. I&#039;m only 20 years old and I have fibrocystic breast disease, and I&#039;ve been on just about every birth control on the market. If you have this condition as well STAY AWAY from this drug at all costs."
"My restless leg syndrome results in cramp-like pains that nothing seems to help. Until I took 300 mg of Gabapentin. It definitely took care of the pain, but it left me feeling drunk the next morning! I was staggering when I walked and had great difficulty waking up. This lasted for several hours after I woke up. Thankfully, this only happened the first couple of times that I took Gabapentin. Unfortunately, it was only effective at 300 mg for about two weeks. I was supposed to move up to two capsules  (600 mg total) after the first week, but hadn&#039;t out of fear of the side effects and at first it seemed unnecessary. Once the pain came back, I added the 2nd capsule and the tired, groggy feeling lasted all day! I&#039;m not going to keep taking it."
"I would never go back to Synthroid as the side effects were unbearable. "
"Been taking 0.6mg since Friday 27th January. The first dose was taken at 7pm as I had read that it does make you feel tired. So far, I have felt mildly nauseous and tired, but I tend to sleep it off so I am ok for the remainder of the day. 

Now on my third dose and I decided to drink low calorie ginger ale to curb the nausea. It seems to be doing the trick. I do have a loss of appetite so I need to remind myself to eat so that I keep my nutrition up. I must admit that I did feel thirsty for the first couple of days and wake up in the middle of the night feeling a bit spaced out with a slightly elevated pulse, but this goes away by mid morning following a small snack.

Will wait and see if this results in meaningful weight loss"
"Before purchasing this product I did indeed read the reviews, which kind of made me rethink getting it, but I am out of state and didn&#039;t want to go to urgent care. It came in a capsule so no messy cream and it was easy to insert. So far I have no complaints. I took it midday and by dinner time I felt so relieved. No itching or burning but I suggest wearing a panty liner. I gave it a 8 because I want to check in with my doctor to make sure it&#039;s cleared up. I&#039;m satisfied with it but every woman is different so don&#039;t let the reviews discourage you."
"I just got my Implanon implanted on Friday, after being on the Depo shot for 3 years. Very simple. The anxiety is the worst part. It took about 15 minutes to actually prep/insert. I consider myself moderatly tolerant to pain and needles - the numbing part hurt a bit but I couldn&#039;t feel him doing the implant at all and the doctor made the comment &quot;you have tough skin&quot;. I have just a small bruise and a tiny hole -  no stiches,  just a bandaid and cover the same as when you donate blood."
"I was on Tri-Nessa for 5 years never using any other form of birth control..no condoms or anything. I decided to switch birth control pills, 3 months later I got pregnant. Needless to say, I had the Doctor put me back on Tri-Nessa."
"Its good for preventing psychosis. The only side effects I am having is I sleep a lot and can&#039;t control poop for long and end up pooping in my pants sometimes. Btw I am taking this medication for one year."
"I&#039;m taking Geodon 20 mg in the morning and evening now. The first night was AMAZING, it was the prime of my existence. I felt so calm and present and able to think of one thing at a time. I requested to take it in the morning too. The second day I got an anxiety attack in the middle of the day and I&#039;d never had one previously so I didn&#039;t know what to do with myself. The next few days the restlessness got better until it was gone. I thought it was over but today I got a weird feeling of uncoordination and discomfort, I couldn&#039;t write either. But every time I get a strange side effect, I nap it off. Seems to work. After napping, I&#039;m golden. Tomorrow will be my first completed week of Geodon."
"I started off with 10 mg for the first week and noticed that I have FINALLY been able to get some sleep! Before hand, I could never get sleep and never had energy throughout the day. I&#039;m more friendly. I was starting to spend more time with my husband, being more intimate and just feeling good! For the second week, I started to notice my body wants to shut down by 8 pm (which I love). I could wake up 5am for work and have so much energy to get what I need done. I do not really have racing thoughts anymore. Sometimes I catch myself still being sad from time to time, but thats only be because it takes about a month to have the full effect! Fair to say, I did notice POSITIVE improvements. I&#039;m glad that I got help when I did."
"I have been on Lo Loestrin for about 3 months now. Before this one, I was on Safryl. I switched because Safryl was giving me horrible side effects. I like Lo Loestrin, however, I don&#039;t love it because the spotting between periods has not stopped. I haven&#039;t gained weight, if anything have lost some. My face is clear and my sex drive is okay, not like before, but i haven&#039;t lost it. In my experience, this pill has more positive than negatives. I was also diagnosed with PCOS and Hashimoto&#039;s Disease. Birth control pills don&#039;t have the same effect on everyone. My GYN had me complete a hormone test before prescribing me this pill. He wanted to balance my hormones out with the pill and it looks like he did. I&#039;m hoping the spotting goes away."
"I promised myself I would write a review for this antidepressant. I have only been on them for a month so far and after trying various other antidepressants with negative side effects I can safely say I have found the right one for me! Not only did it stop my anxiety almost immediately but I rarely have any negative or paranoid thoughts. I would definitely recommend anyone who has clinical depression to take these because they have honestly changed my life for the better. Hope this helps."
"Depo shot 
EASY, FORGET ABOUT THE PILL! 
I started the depo provers shot after having two kids birthed one year one day apart! Both times I was on the full pill! 

Was easy price is $11.48 every three months on health care card. Wasn&#039;t a stressful process was easy pain free. 

I did bleed the first injection 10 out of the 12 weeks I bled heavily but after second shot I have over-come that and I am extremely happy in the success of this needle.. 

It&#039;s not costly, it doesn&#039;t hurt, it&#039;s once every 12 weeks, don&#039;t need to stress about babies and pregnancy, people are different some will bleed some won&#039;t! Yes a tad weight gain but hey weight is better then an unwanted pregnancy "
"Been on this for six days, skin is cleared up but some days I have nausea and dizziness and other days I am fine. Also seem to be dropping things, I broke a plate today, just extra clumsy."
"Fewer side effects than Ditropan and more effective than Detrol."
"My five year old son took Claritin chewables for approximately two weeks and had a sudden onset of facial tics ( eye blinking). His doctor attributed it to the Claritin and said it was a known side effect, especially with family history of tics. "
"I have tried many anti-depressents over the years and couldn&#039;t handle any of them as I would feel so drugged and sleepy on them I can&#039;t do anything but this time my doctor told me about Brintellix, and he gave me a lot of samples.    He said it&#039;s a new antidepressant that doesn&#039;t have side effects.  I was majorly depressed.  I was crying everyday and even left my 30 year marriage.  Well I was on 10mg and from the first week it was great.  I was calmer, stopped crying, and I felt really happy.  I love it!  Only thing is this stuff is so great, it is $400 &amp; with my insurance the co-pay was $70 &amp; I even had a coupon!  I can&#039;t afford that every month so I had to stop. Now I&#039;m getting very depressed again after 1 week without.  Can anyone help?"
"I have the gene from my mom&#039;s and dad&#039;s side. There was, or still is  a skip a generation rumor for psoriasis that could be true. I praise the Lord my daughter does not have it and she is going to turn 20 on July 4th . Age 13 it started as dandruff in cold weather. All sports player in the sun, thankfully it went away every summer. It moved to the knees and elbows over time through the same seasons. Then a spot, then 2 showed up on my chest. I summer sun tanned. It works. I went to coal tar, then to a diet, suffered like hell, hid, scratched, piled up skin I needed to vacuum every day. I couldn&#039;t get all the blood out the sheets. Methotrexate, psoriatane, Enbrel did well. Humira did great, only 2 shots a month. My psorsasis has beat it."
"When I started Vimpat I got vertigo, headaches, and nausea like woah. My neurologist asked me to try to stick it out, and I am SO glad I did.

It replaced Topamax (which was messing up my kidneys) and it works. I went a record (for me) 124 days without a seizure with the Vimpat/Keppra combination I am on now. I still get dizzy more easily than I used to, but seizure freedom is absolutely worth the inconvenience."
"I started giving my daughter this medication and she started getting more aggressive and having more of an attitude and more violent towards people so I stop giving her the medication. She was taking Adderall with the medication at the time so I don&#039;t know if it was a combination of the both together or what"
"Worked great for my anxiety. Before I was terrified if someone walked behind me outside. I could start to panic and have all sort of thoughts. And I would get anxiety when I came home. I regularly lived with anxiety and this med helped a lot.  And it doesn&#039;t have that cognitive side effect as the other antidepressant which makes it wonderful. A bit nausea but I take it before a big meal and then it&#039;s pretty OK."
"I have been on Aviane for almost a month. Everything is normal, no weight gain. Some little mood swings here and there but nothing that I can&#039;t handle. My sex drive has increased a lot. I&#039;m on my third pill on the fourth week but I haven&#039;t started my period not too sure when I will but other than that I&#039;m happy with it, no complaints."
"It works great, yet makes urine incredibly stinky. "
"It is a very positive medication for severe allergies. I have tried everything OTC and prescription. This a first that allows me to sleep, without getting up 5 or 6 times a night because of my nose."
"I&#039;ve been on Safyral since Jan 2011. (Almost a year) It was awesome at first, but as time went on it slowly started to change me. Great if you don&#039;t have a boyfriend. I say that because I have ZERO want or desire to be cuddly or intimate with my amazing, sweet, and down near perfect boyfriend of two years. 

It&#039;s the most frustrating of all my symptoms. Next are the mood swings, angry one minute, sad the next, anxious...it never ends! Before this pill I always considered myself to be a &quot;guy&quot; when it came to emotions, I was always just happy go lucky, NOT with this. 
Emotions=scale of 1 on this stuff.
Pros=100% clear skin, all the time! No weight gain.
Its not the WORST birth control out there but just be prepared to ride a emotional roller coaster."
"I had bad side effects after taking this pill for a month. I was throwing up, had really bad cramps, headaches, constant nausea, and frequent urination."
"I have battled my weight my whole life. I just always seemed to be hungry or at least always wanted to eat. I&#039;m 2 weeks in and I am having to almost make myself eat. In fact, I&#039;m a bit concerned that I might not be eating enough. My main side effects are some nausea (not extreme) and burping to a ridiculous non-stop degree. It does feel a bit weird in general. I&#039;m down 8.4 lbs now, from a starting point of 220.6 lbs. I find myself walking faster, for some reason. I just seem to have more energy even though I am taking in so few calories. Anyone with any history of an eating disorder should stay away.

Update after 33 days on Saxenda: I&#039;m down 14 lbs and the side effects are basically the same as the first two weeks. So far,  so good."
"I must have a mild case of ED. I am 49 in good health, slightly overweight vasectomy 6 years ago. My erections were getting softer and my stamina was nonexistent. I take a 10mg dose on an empty stomach with water, withing 15 minutes my face feels flush and I get a nice full feeling in my penis. Sex is like it was when I was 16, multiple erections and terrific stamina. I find that when condom use is required, that I have to use this med for optimum results. THANK YOU!"
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for fibro pain for about two months.  For me, it&#039;s working well.  I have no side-effects, and it&#039;s made me feel like I&#039;ve only been hit by a compact car instead of a mack truck!  lol!"
"Oral dosage is easy to take. Felt relief almost immediately. Would recommend and take again. "
"This is my second go around with this medicine. My sugars stay in the 200&#039;s. It makes me eat ALL the time!"
"Ok, so I was taking norethindrone because I was breastfeeding my son, when I decided to stop breastfeeding my Dr prescribed Microgestin 120. At first it was ok, my headaches improved and it helped decrease my milk supply faster. But once I got on the second pack I started having frequent headaches and migraines. My periods have gotten lighter, a plus, considering I&#039;m a bleeder. (TMI sorry), and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. But I get bloated almost every day and I literally have no energy. I could sleep all day and still wake up like I haven&#039;t slept in a week. I am not prone to depression at all, yet since I&#039;ve started this I get depressed for long stretches of time, and I get extremely irritable. I&#039;m getting a IUD later this week because of the effects."
"I&#039;m 48 and in menopause. I&#039;ve suffered bouts of little depression through life but since menopause, it hit me like a brick. I had had a couple of panic attacks throughout the years and I couldn&#039;t shake this gradual depression that was coming over me. I&#039;ve always been able to talk myself through it but this time, I just couldn&#039;t. My doctor prescribed EFFEXOR. I took it 2 days. On the third day, I was driving to work and I SUDDENLY felt like I couldn&#039;t breath. I was shaking, my heart was racing and I really thought I was going to die. I pulled over thinking I was having a heart attack. I called 911, throwing up on the side of a freeway. By the time the ambulance came, my heart rate had skyrocketed! Worst experience of my life."
"I&#039;ve taken Prevacid for over a year now.  The first 6 months or so were amazing, almost completely heartburn-free.  Now, it&#039;s almost like I&#039;m taking nothing at all.  I think I need to switch to something different.  Worked great for a while, though."
"I am on day 3 out of 14 and I am sooo miserable. I don&#039;t want to continue it, but I have too :&#039;( . I pass really stinky gas, horrible diarrhea, nausea, feeling tired most of the time, but worse of all is the weird taste in my mouth. Oh god, when I wake up to it... Probably the reason why I feel so nauseated. Drinking a lot of water, eating CANDY (tiny m&amp;m that comes in bottles. For some reason, it helped me..weird, I know.), and listerine pocketpaks all help me with the disgusting nasty taste so far. I hope it&#039;s worth it. I give it a five because of the side effects but the treatment better be a 10..I sure hope it&#039;s worth it :&#039;((("
"My sleep doctor prescribed this med following a series of breathing tests that showed I had some narrowing of my brochunial tubes. I do have sleep apnea but not COPD. An autoimmune disorder manifests in my muscles, legs and feet makes balance and walking difficult, causing shortness of breath. That is the reason for the prescription. 

I  noticed unreasonable increasing irritability within a few days of taking the inhaler. I have a bad reaction  to Prednisone historically, experiencing psychotic fugue with disastrous consequences. My doctor assured me that Spiriva was nothing like Predisone. 

It most certainly is-at least for me! Side effects found online are: depression, irritability, feelings of emptiness, etc.  Exactly my experience with Spiriva."
"I&#039;m experiencing the opposite in terms of side effects. I&#039;m on Day 6 taking 150mg.  I have insomnia, not hungry and feel really speedy and like my head and body are buzzing. "
"Best thing I&#039;ve had! The side effects where pretty bad in the first week (anxiety, low mood, fatigue but can&#039;t sleep, hot sweats) but 4 weeks later I feel great! Please don&#039;t let the side effects put you off, I was anxious to take them as I have really bad emetophobia and was worried about the nausea but once it passes it&#039;s great. So glad I stuck to it! The only negatives is that I&#039;ve had such bizarre dreams since taking this medication but its fun to laugh at the next day! Stay strong everyone!"
"My Dr split the 2 meds up since my insurance would not cover Qsymia.  I took it for 8 days and decided I needed to stop.  I lost a few lbs but it wasn&#039;t because of appetite loss.  I was hungry all day.  I made myself choose to eat correctly.  On top of this I has HORRIBLE side effects.  It started with day 1.  I didn&#039;t feel well, extremely tired and could not get my thoughts together.  This continued each day along with dry mouth and dry itchy eyes.  My vision was weird and my eyes seemed to be extremely light sensitive.  My coworkers made comments to me every day regarding my eyes and why I kept making mistakes.  My brain was not functional.  I stopped taking topiramate and felt better the first day without it.  Had to have eyes checked"
"I have been taking 4 of the 40mg for about two years, because it works better than anything else I have had, and that is every other narcotic, for my spondilolisthesis. It kills the pain and I can work like a 20 year old and do everything I want, but without it, I feel like the 48 year old I am. I highly recommend this pain medicine to anyone with chronic pain. I would much rather take these than have bone fusion surgery. "
"Rituxan has completely changed my life for the better.  I was in a clinical trial and   tried several other medications with some success but my symptoms eventually returned.  After four sessions of Rituxan over a two year period I stopped seeing my RA doctor because I had no symptoms.  I am now going into my 4th year without pain.  I am playing softball, tennis and golf without any pain.   I highly recommend this drug to anyone dealing with RA."
"I was prescribed amoxicillin clavulanate for a urinary tract infection and I had very mild side effects. I had a slight headache for the first few days but after that I felt fine. I would definitely take this medicine again."
"I thought I caught it early. So they prescribed a z pack. day 2 the white spots spread to other tonsil. day 3 stiffness in neck and still pain with swallowing. day 4 right side skin swollen in mouth to were I could not see my tonsil. Went to urgent care and they prescribed me a different antibiotic."
"Have been using Hytrin for about a year. It has lowered my blood pressure, helps me sleep and urinate and able to empty my bladder. Has not affected my sex life at all. Have woken and been dizzy, but I am able to slow myself and watch where I am going."
"I switched to this over a year ago from NuvaRing because my insurance did not cover it. It took a few months for my mood swings to get better (I felt like I was going crazy for about 3 months) but for the last 9 months I feel great. Only have a 2 day period, sometimes some spotting the week prior. But if that happens I don&#039;t even have an actual period during my last week."
"I got the shot and it hurt at first but after about 30 minutes, I never felt anything again.  It&#039;s worth it."
"I had the Mirena IUD placed in July of 2007, 6 months after my husband and I had our first baby. My doctor recommended it over the Paraguard. When the doctor was placing it, I was extremely uncomfortable. However, I felt back to normal after two days. There was mild spotting for the first couple of weeks, but that stopped. Then my period stopped. In fact, I haven&#039;t seen my period since 2007. I haven&#039;t felt any different since I had it placed. The only thing that could be a bother about this is the strings, it feels like fishing line. The doctor said the strings would soften over time and they did within the first year. I love Mirena!"
"This is my third colonoscopy. First two were about 8 years ago and used golightly both times.  Took first dose at 6:00 pm. Taste was unusual but not as bad as many have reported here. Started working in about 50 minutes. So far so good. Much easier than previous prep so far."
"No doubt that Advair was effective at clearing up my lungs so that I could breath (most important). However, I did have the noted side effect of nausea... so as far as eating is concerned, I dont enjoy eating (cant taste anything) while I am on this medication"
"I had my first infusion today.  No ill effects with the exception of exhaustion...additional that is as I already am sleeping 16 hours per day. Not sure how a person is supposed to make a living with this advanced RA.  I am hoping that Simponi will resolve that in the near future Will let you know when things start to work and I can return to the land of the living."
"So I just finished my 2nd month of this birth control. First month was great, had a normal 7 day period but when my second months period came around it never stopped... I&#039;ve been on my period literally alllll month and still no signs of stopping or slowing down. Its not a normal or light period either. Its a constant HEAVY flow. Changing  super size tampons and pass like every hour. And I Am extremely tired. Falling asleep at 6 pm everyday cuz my body is so drained feeling :("
"First I thought it was interesting that some describe cherry and some grape.  For me, I opened the bottle and loved the grape smell.  I was sure this was going to be fine.  WTF, do the folks that invented this crap not have taste buds? Really horrible, salty vomit, leaving my taste buds crying.  I almost immediately bloated out badly.  Luckily that didn&#039;t last long, the stuff worked fast.  I still had the second prep to go, so went searching for some advice.  The best part of my day was on this site, feeling like I wasn&#039;t alone in my suffering.  I called my husband to bring home a lemon, that certainly helped, but the chilling water, the lemonade mix didn&#039;t seem to help at all.  Never again!"
"Started taking this medication 3 days ago,The smell is completely gone, I thought that because I am over weight having a smell down there was normal until I started getting back pain and discharge then I knew something was wrong. The back pain is gone too, however i feel sick not so bad that I can&#039;t do anything but enough to be annoying and this awful taste in my mouth and has altered the taste of foods etc. However I would go through this again for the relief it gave me."
"When I first started this medication the whole first month I would feel super nauseous and sick. This continued for about a month. I had no spotting at all until the 3rd month. My spotting lasted about 3 weeks until I finished my first 3 months and had my first period. Those would be the only down sides this has given me. The positives though are that I have had zero cramps which is huge considering I used to have horrible ones. It has also cleared up all my acne and my periods only last about 3 days. I have been on this for about 5 months now and it is great to me."
"Having suffered panic attacks and anxiety and depression for several years now, always have my Xanax with me in case of any unexpected panic attacks. I take 90mg of Avanza each night in addition to 2mg of Xanax twice a day. Xanax for me has been the only drug that has quick and fast acting results. I don&#039;t like flying or heights or crowds and avoid shopping centers but with Xanax can at least function each day and at least leave the house. Good luck to everyone else out there suffering the same. Try Xanax it works for me. Cheers."
"I struggled with severe anxiety disorder and panic disorder for five years before I finally had a nervous breakdown followed by a week of severe suicidal depression - I caved in and took the Valium I had in my drawer and it saved my life that week. The first one I took actually made me feel completely normal - something I hadn&#039;t experienced in years. I take it now when I feel really anxious. 2mg calms the anxiety and puts me to sleep. No side effects. I am wary of taking too much so only resort to them when desperate. They reduce my panics both mentally (rushing disturbing thoughts) and physically. I know I probably shouldn&#039;t say this but they are amazing. However I would rather raise my own GABA naturally. Doctors don&#039;t like prescribing?"
"within an hour of having my first pill of Amitizal I experienced
gas, nausea and feeling like I was food poisoned..... not fun."
"I got Implanon 3 months ago. Even with an above average amount of bruising after insertion, it only hurt when I put weight on my arm and it only lasted for a few days. I got my period a few days after insertion.  It lasted 7 days and was fairly heavy for 5 of those days.  This made me nervous that I was gonna be one of the unlucky people who never stopped bleeding, but it&#039;s been over 60 days since I&#039;ve had any bleeding.  So if you do have some heavy bleeding at first, that doesn&#039;t mean you will bleed the entire time you have it. That was my biggest concern before getting it. I have no negative side effects and it&#039;s so much more convenient than pills.  My experience so far has been fantastic!"
"It works most of the time, but some nights I still only sleep about 5 hours."
"I switched to this birth control from Gildess fe 1/20 (It made me depressed intensified my anxiety and I was having two periods a month). At first I was skeptical from initial water retention and moodiness but after the first month was over all those initial issues disappeared."
"I was constipated for 6 days. I tried 1/2 citrate magnesia which only made me move once with tiny balls..nothing else.i tried prunes, oatmeal, prunes blended in oatmeal, fig newtons, bran muffin, drinking 4 to 5 glasses of water 10 mins apart, walking and nothing..I was getting impacted.. I was considering taking an enema at this point but tried MoM instead. I took two full doses which equal eight tbsp.. This was suggested to me by a nurse who knows of my previous situation in which one full dose does not work for upon impaction. I drank two full glasses of water and followed with a probiotic after reading a doctor tell someone to follow MoM with a probiotic on healthtrap. it took about 6 hours and a few glasses of water and I can sleep now"
"I haven&#039;t weighed myself yet because I&#039;ve only been taking phentermine for 4 days now. I am starting to have the dry mouth, but my main concern is that the past 2 days I&#039;ve had off and on numbness/tingling in my left arm and left lower leg. I plan on calling my doctor tomorrow about it. It has me kind of nervous, but other than that I actually have more energy and I&#039;m not hungry at all."
"I had the Mirena IUD for 2 years and I LOVED IT! 
Yes getting in was a tad painful, had cramping the rest of the day to where i just wanted a hot pad and to lay down, but after that i was happy that it was in, never had to remember to take a pill. I did feel like it Uped my sex drive, my husband never felt the strings at all. I&#039;m not sure if this was part of it but i felt like i lost weight easily, my periods were sometimes non existant and when i did have them they were never heavy at all, a pantilinier was all i needed and my period seamed to last a couple days VS 5 days to a full week. Cramping when it did appear was a little painful at times but nothing a hot pad couldnt fix. After having a baby im going for it again!"
"This birth control is only good for one thing, and that&#039;s keeping me from bearing a child. I&#039;ve gained 40 lbs, and my skin was perfectly clear until the 6 months of constant spotting were over. This birth control had more cons than pros and I&#039;m over it. I&#039;m getting it removed next month, have the appt and everything. Oral contraceptives have never done me wrong, so I&#039;m going back to those. Do not get this implant."
"I&#039;ve had mine since March 2016. The worst part was the itchiness it itched so terribly when I first got it i would scratch at night and now have a scar. I do like it though I haven&#039;t noticed any major mood swings and I&#039;ve actually lost weight not gained however there is spotting every once in a while but so much better then periods"
"Head injury, migraines with neuralgia. Topiramate was very key in my pain recovery. Amazing results, curious about anxiety attacks, or panic rapid uncomfortable feeling occasionally after taking, lasts about 20 minutes. Then just goes away. "
"I am so lucky I live in Denmark where it is free to get all kinds of medicines. Enbrel has been working quite well actually for the past 2.5 year, but recently my doctor recommend me to get out of it, and I started by pushing it with 3 days, and the 3 days made my knees swell up. Now I am back with the 7 days interval, but it wont really help as much as before. So, I guess it was too soon to get out of using it."
"It has significantly reduced anxiety, panic attacks and flashback symptoms, it has also made it possible for me to try and and work on the causes without being completely overwhelmed all the time.  When I first started it, and also when I increased my dosage I slept about 18 hours a day for a week and a half, but after that my sleep went back to normal 8 hours or so, and I stopped feeling exhausted all the time."
"I had two instance of DVT getting to my lungs. Almost killed me. I was on warfarin the first time for 6 months with no side effects. I have been taking xeralto 20 mg for about a month now. I am having insomnia, upset stomach, and occasional muscle cramping in calves and ankles. However, I do not have to go the doctor once a month to have blood tests and I do not have to manage my eating habits so closely. So far I am a fan, albeit a sleepy one."
"This medication has changed my life! Welcome world  :)"
"Was prescribed this after a fall on my lower back and it worked wonders. I like to put it on at night and then wake up pain free. I have now started to use it on my arthritis in my neck. Can move freely 5 minutes after application with only slight pain (although I can still hear all the clicking noises)."
"I&#039;ve been using Pramipexole for several years, gradually increasing the dosage over the years to 0.5 mg. I&#039;ve found it to be somewhat effective although I still have some involuntary kicking in my sleep, and onset of restless legs while driving for extended periods."
"I got mine March 2016 and at first my period lasted a few days then it would stop and a couple days later it starts again. Now I&#039;m not getting it. No serious complaints beside some minor headaches and increased hormone levels. I love it."
"I am a 6ft guy weighed in at 214lbs with hypertension.  If I didn&#039;t lose weight I was in need of a new blood pressure medicine and possibly cholesterol meds.  I have taken Qsymia 1 month and lost 14 lb with no side effects.  Thumbs up to Qsymia!"
"Its not helping me,"
"I have been on Camrese for 2 years to treat severe cramping/pain due to family history of endometriosis.  While the pill was 100% effective in preventing pregnancy and shortening periods/lessening pain, I experienced the following side effects:  high heart rate (often times would not slow down enough to sleep at night,  severe anxiety as a secondary effect, low mood as a secondary effect of anxiety/lack of sleep, increased sensitivity to sugar and caffeine, bloating (more often than not), weight gain.   For TWO years I thought I had undiagnosed generalized anxiety disorder until I went off the pill for a week and realized that I slept every night and was 100% calm and my heart rate finally felt normal.   I am switching to Skyla IUD"
"I have been taking belviq for about 3wks &amp; have not seen any results nor does it suppress my appetite "
"I had mild constipation and took 2 Dulcolax pills at about 8 p.m.  Normal dose for children and adults is 1-3 tablets.  I woke up at 10:30 p.m. with severe burning and cramps in my stomach.  I also felt very nauseous.  I had to get out of bed and run back and forth to the bathroom for 3 hours with severe abdominal pain and cramping.  By 1:30 a.m. I was able to sleep but still uncomfortable.  It is about 8:00 a.m. now and I just took immodium to stop the diarrhea.  I will never take this drug again and certainly would advise against giving it to small adults or children."
"Doctor suggested Saxenda and this is week 4 @ increased the injection to 2.4. Total loss is 6.5 kilos.  Side effects are extreme tiredness, constipation &amp; heart burn. Due to knee replacement 10 months ago &amp; fractured back I&#039;m limited to exercise so walk every day &amp; night &amp; incl hill climbs. I eat 1000 calories per day &amp; satisfied. However this week I have developed red welts at the injection site. I&#039;ve put ice on it but as yet will not subside &amp; concerned about another injection. I can&#039;t see my doctor till next week so was wondering if anyone else had this experience &amp; why?"
"I&#039;ve had sinus problems for so many years - blocked sinus, headaches, temple pressures, allergic episodes. I couldn&#039;t breathe also had sore throat. So I decided to take action for once and got prescribed for a 7 day trial of augmentin, plus 24 hour claritin and nasal spray 2 times of each nostril every 3 hours as needed. The first days where hell because of my bodies reaction to this antibiotic. Since I believe it was due to me never using any antibiotics ever.I got chills, high fevers of 102-104. weakness. bed ridden fatigue. headache. it was horrible (although this could have been symptoms of infection) I started to take Tylenol to control the fever, it was god send (Acetaminophen 500mg). I took 2 tablets every 6 hours which did the trick. But the fevers ended day 4. after everything got better after."
"This is my first experience ever getting a YI- 18 years old. Long story short, I ended up waiting upwards of 2 1/2 weeks until I actually started treating it, due to my own ignorance. A few days pass and here we are, 11:30am, 40 minutes after I my first use of monistat 7. As soon as I inserted it I felt some discomfort, but fast forward 10 minutes and I have never felt an itch with this severity in my entire life. I ran to the bathroom and did my best to remove it. I will not continue the next 6 days. Save your vag. Get the freakin pill."
"This is a really good treatment for anxiety. I have felt free of anxiety for the first time in a long time. It has been a release from a prison, this it what if feels like. A sense of good things will happen instead of fearing what is around the corner. There are side-effects to this medication. The worst for me has been visual issues (repaired by wearing glasses) and a reduction in my memory."
"Searched for balance for years. Tried a lot of different meds. Lexapro made my life normal.  Take 20mg and .5 mg of clonazepam at bedtime.  I am in sales and people never would think I deal with anxiety and depression."
"I put my teenage daughter on Implanon 2 months ago and she has had almost non-stop bleeding ever since. The two times the bleeding slowed down to spotting she had horrible cramps after intercourse and started bleeding again."
"Only lasted two weeks. Shortness of breath and irritated mood. Gives me panic attacks before bedtime. Makes me feel depressed and anxious. Throwing this garbage out tomorrow."
"Very good for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Otezla for about 6 weeks. I don&#039;t know if I&#039;m imagining it but I feel worse than before I started on it. Lower backache, horrible pain in my head and face. Can&#039;t get a good night&#039;s sleep as my hips hurt. The headaches are the worse,trying to work with a daily headache,I don&#039;t have much psoriasis as it cleared up years ago, just some on my scalp now.The doctor says to give it at least 14 weeks to work.Don&#039;t know if I&#039;ll last that long with the pain in my head/face.I get the meds straight from the company so don&#039;t know how much they actually cost."
"Vicodin works very well, I take it 5-6 times a day for my pain with lupus. I wouldn&#039;t change my Vicodin for anything."
"I had the mirena IUD for 4 and a half years before my husband and I decided to have a baby. I loved the Mirena. I had initial spotting when i first got it put in and pretty bad cramping for a week, which was expected. After that, all was a breeze. I had a regular period every month (and by that, I mean I had my period the same time, the flow was substantially lighter). The effectiveness was wonderful, as my husband and I didnt use any other kind of birth control and I did not get pregnant. I just got it removed today and I know to expect spotting and a pretty heavy flow for the next few days, but I love the fact that it is possible for me to get pregnant right away. I intend to use Mirena again in the future."
"Helps relax muscles while I sleep so I don&#039;t clench my teeth and wake up with pain. Unfortunately, leaves me feeling off balance and hung over the next morning. I&#039;m going to talk to my doctor about lowering the dose to see if it is still effective."
"I started this medicine a week ago and found that I actually have energy again.  After years of being so tired after work I have to drag myself through the evening just waiting and wishing to go to bed. Now I can play with my kids, do some housework and even relax for a while after I have accomplished so many things.  I have done more in a week than in the last month.  And I feel like planning things (like outing with friends and vacations) and I am excited about them instead of feel like it was just another thing I HAD to do.  I have had a little insomnia, but I find if I take it in the morning, I am ok by evening and sleep fairly well.  I think and am eating more, so I will have to watch. Overall, good experience, hope it lasts!"
"For the first week on Lexapro, I felt weird; a little lightheaded, dizzy, had insomnia and some minor stomach issues but I stuck it out and I&#039;m so glad I did. I have been taking it for 5 weeks now. I take Lexapro around 10am now as this helps prevent insomnia at night. I feel more energetic, happier and more social. I don&#039;t feel out of control or strange or anything. No side effects now. I would highly recommend it anyone to try this."
"This is the best mood stabilizer I have been on!"
"Tried OTC and nothing worked.  This worked quickly for me and has now continued to work for 5 weeks.  Have read this board re side effects of others, but that has not been my experience.  Read the label and talk to your doc -- looks like overall the experience of bad side effects is rare for patients who try this med, but talk about it with your doc -- for me this has worked where nothing else did."
"I took a 10mg dose just once 2 days ago and it solved my nausea issues. I also slept for about 4hrs after I took it in the afternoon, and was really groggy. However, for the past two nights, I&#039;ve suffered insomnia, and haven&#039;t been able to sleep at all."
"I have been experiencing increasing episodes of atrial fibrillation over the past 8 months, going from one or two &quot;blips&quot; a day to recently probably 70% of the time!  Not debilitating, but annoying.  Doc put me on two 50 mg flecainide per day.  I started yesterday, and so far so good.  Not a single episode and so far no noticeable side effects, but then today is my first real &quot;day&quot; on the medicine.  I resist taking anything for systemic problems like this, but if it can have this dramatic of positive effect with no side effects, I&#039;m all for it."
"Im female, 60 &amp; petite - type 1b, F3 - 500,000+ and into 3rd week (started Aug 18th) of 12 for Harvoni.  No other meds and just a one-a-day multi.. So far so good and I did notice some minor things in the first 2 weeks but it has gotten easier.  Within the first few day&#039;s my energy increased, my eyes became whiter and what felt like a film over my eyes for years, vanished.  I hadn&#039;t associated that with Hep C before.  My skin seems a little dryer but really.. its been easier than I thought.  I drink lots of water and other fluids throughout the day and that seems to help reduce any side effects.  I do feel a little like a lab rat though but will remain cautiously optamistic going forward."
"The first night I used it, it burned so bad I couldn&#039;t even sleep/ I was in tears &amp; I tried to wash it out in a bath and to no avail, I was completely red faced miserable/crying/ could barely walk with such intense burning. 
But by the second day, it was almost all cleared up!!! Just mild itching! SO STICK WITH IT FOR THE FULL 7 DAYS!!!! By day two I had almost 0 discharge (mostly just the cream coming back out) I&#039;m on night 3 now, and penetration of the application tube doesn&#039;t hurt anymore but I still have mild itching:( hopefully by day 7 I&#039;ll be good to go!!"
"Vimpat severely increased my seizure activity. I took lamictal for 15 years by itself and it was extrememly effective until after childbirth.  I developed a rash after a 50mg increase to try and cover the auras I was having. So, because of &quot;the rash&quot;, I had to stop taking lamictal altogether.  I started Vimpat before they weaned me off lamictal and I was having seizures daily, sometimes twice.  As I weaned off the lamictal, the seizures continued and then I became aggressive.  A side effect of Vimpat is mental alertness.  Caffiene is a trigger for me so it was almost as Vimpat was the equivalent of drinking several energy drinks.  I can&#039;t take Vimpat"
"Well, love it. Was having problems with staying erect. Last couple of years have been really stressful, and was having anxiety problems. So finally my wife suggested I go to to doctor. So long story short, went to doctor last Friday tried it out, after about 30 minutes my wife tapped out, I think I could have went on for another 1/2 hour. Would highly recommend."
"I take a combination of 50mg Voltaren for the rheumatoid arthritis once per day and 200mg Plaquenil for Sjogrens twice per day.  I started with 100 mg&#039;s Voltaren, but thought that was too much so I had the doctor prescribe 50mg twice per day.  I just take one unless I need more."
"So Friday I had noticed that I was a bit stopped up, and I had the same kind of pain you have when you know you just gotta go (poop). I had never been constipated before, but I sort of gave myself a self-diagnosis, and decided that constipation was indeed my problem. The following Tuesday after nonstop aches and pains in my stomach I decided to go to CVS and buy a stool softener. That didn&#039;t really work very well on me, as a stool softener only works on the stool that has yet to be produced(it doesn&#039;t help with the current blockage). Finally, I decided to go to the doctor, where I was prescribed Magnesium Citrate. This stuff works miracles! It tastes very sour, but kind of like sprite, and I took it at 3 and evacuated my bowels at 7."
"I took plan b after an accident. I am also on birth control &amp; take it regularly. However, just the be on the safe side we still decided it would be a good option. However, it did make my period about a week late &amp; it was super super lite."
"After trying the most of medication for my depression/ mixed state, seroquel finally worked out. Made racing thougts go away and my mood is finally back to normal again. Feel happy and relaxed. I also take 150 mg venlafaxine. Best medicine i ever tryed is seroquel. No weigh gain for me. This medicine is a lifesaver for me."
"My first 30 days on Provigil (200mg x 2 daily) were literally a life changing event.  I have never felt so energetic, awake, and constantly in a good mood in my life.  However, after 30 days the effects started to wane and, after 90 days, I feel little benefit.  I tried taking an additional 3rd supplemental dose of 100mg a couple of hours after my second daily dose of 200mg to see if the good results might return, but all I gained from the additional 100mg was a headache.  There is a definite and very unfortunate tolerance problem with Provigil in my experience."
"Helps with the fatigue but turned my hair orange!"
"Honestly, when I set out to try this - I wasn&#039;t too sure what to expect. My skin was awful, and the horrid acne I had was so painful and built up that I couldn&#039;t properly cover it with makeup any more. 

I went on a combination of Duac gel and an antibiotic two months ago. Today, I only have one spot. 

I began to notice a difference to my skin the day after I first applied it. My skin had dried out immensely and the spots seemed to be going down. I was so happy. 

For the first three or so weeks of using Duac, my skin was a rollercoaster. At first my face was getting so dry that by the morning I was putting on a hefty layer of e45 cream under my makeup. Now, I don&#039;t use any. My skin no longer needs it. It&#039;s changed the oiliness of my skin"
"This medication caused me to have severe muscle pain and tightness in my thighs and back.  It was debilitating.  This was an immediate side effect I experienced.  I was only on it 3 days."
"I had my Implanon inserted in October 2009 and had it removed today. At first I was very happy, felt great, it healed super fast and easy. The skin around it did itch a whole lot. No rash, just incredibly itchy skin! The itching started about 2 weeks after the procedure when the original bruise went away and lasted for another 2 weeks. I was thinking I was allergic to it and almost had it remover but the itching stopped just as suddenly as it started. I still had my periods, but they were irregular and not very heavy. I did gain 8 lb, not a big deal.
Now, the reason I had it removed is I became SUPER emotional, always unhappy for no reason, often tired, had headaches, lost sex drive and it just kept getting worse."
"I was swabbed and diagnosed with Influenza Type A - H2N3.  I started Tamiflu about 18 hours after initial symptom onset.  Two days after starting Tamiflu, the worst symptoms are almost entirely gone.  I am still fatigued and have some respiratory crud, but the severe headache, muscle and joint pain, and fever are gone.  I have some minor, transient nausea, but I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s the medicine or the illness. 
"
"I just started the treatment for clamedia. Still 5 day to do. I am also scared to take shit like this into my body. But I&#039;m good. Just a bit of burning and cant go to sun. Also make sure to stay up 1 -2 hour after taking these pills."
"I started getting sick in August of 2008. After numerous trips to ER&#039;s, Dr.&#039;s offices and hospitalizations, I finally got diagnosed with full skeletal rheumatoid arthritis. With it came Fibromyalgia, anemia, insomnia, depression and medicine induced diabetes. Was put on Humira for 2 years with continues Flare ups. Finally was put on Enbrel about 5 months ago and I just now am experiencing less pain and less swelling. I can even jump off the bed first thing in the morning, specially when my dog asked to be taken out. I&#039;m only on 5mg of prednisone now, Enbrel once a week and few intakes of pain meds and muscle relaxants. I&#039;m not sure how long will it work for me but I am thankful for the availability of the medicine and my having good insurance."
"Did not experience much relief of cough but found myself running to the bathroom multiple times at night. Will probably discontinue, had I tried before work, this could have been a nightmare!"
"I was on this medication for a number of years, but I&#039;ve come off it, because it doesn&#039;t help my social anxiety and the side-effects are quite debilitating for me. I have both generalised and social anxiety and though the Lexapro did help me feel generally less anxious, it did not help with the social anxiety. It also made me feel constantly very fatigued. Coming off Lexapro was absolutely horrible and I felt physically and mentally awful. Though it certainly is a good fit for mild to moderate anxiety, I felt like I was trapped on the medication because coming off it even for a day made me physically ill."
"This has saved my anxiety! Was on Buspar and it helped but wasn&#039;t strong enough...low dose of clonazepam 0.25mg once a day is all I need."
"Works great as a rescue inhaler.  Fast acting. Inexpensive"
"I have been a smoker for about 20 years and committ was the only thing that worked for me. I tried many times to quit before and was unsuccessful until i tried these. My only problem now is that I have been smoke free for the 12 weeks and yet I am still hooked on the lozenges. I can definately feel the need to still have the lozenges and so I need to find a way to break free of this new habit."
"This stuff is a miracle! I haven&#039;t really got bad acne but am always getting blemishes. The doctor prescribed me with duac and after the first few days my spots had cleared up already. No redness or irritation whatsoever. I would highly reccomend giving duac a go and also to use moisturiser with duac as it dries your skin."
"I think Victoza is the best thing I could have ever tried! I&#039;ve been overweight my entire life and have been diagnosed with insulin resistance and Polycystic ovarian syndrome.  My doctor prescribed it to me to try to help me with weight loss. I used it a year ago for 4 months (0.6mg) and lost around 12 kg. I then stopped using it (its expensive to buy). My bad eating habits made me gain 5 kg&#039;s. I&#039;m on my first week of using Victoza again and already lost 2.5kg for the first week! If you really want results for weight loss, eat a healthy balanced diet. I know my body doesn&#039;t like red meat - so I&#039;m on veggies, fruits, nuts, eggs and rice products.  You are what you eat, and Victoza helps you to be able to eat healthy foods."
"I&#039;ve been on the Depo for 4 years now and I must say it&#039;s an interesting method. I&#039;ve had light spotting a few times before but nothing too heavy and it never lasted long until now. I just got my period for the first time in 4 years. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain but my acne has gotten a lot worse. I break out a lot before my shot is due and my breasts get really sore. The Depo is amazing but be sure to keep up with bone density tests and let your doctor know of any side effects as some can be serious."
"My boyfriend and I had sex 4 days after my period. It was protected sex but unfortunately the condom broke. He did not cum but I totally freaked out after I read about precum. I took plan b 20hr later and I started to bleed  6 day after. I had terrible back pain and became extremely bloated. My period was 11days late . Plan b worked ."
"It has been a month since I have been taking Seasonique. So far, the only thing I noticed is increase in appetite, waking up earlier, not sleeping sound enough, feel bloated all the time, and the bleeding is just ridiculous. I have been spotting/bleeding since the first day. 

But,

I am not going to give up, I want to see what happens and if its good. I just can&#039;t quit smoking and that worries me.

Good luck !"
"Within two days of starting this drug my Delayed Pressure Urticaria, DPU, came under control. It controls it so far to about at the 95% level. I had a couple of major flare-ups the first day I took it, but I suspect the levels had not built up in my blood yet. I have had one headache but unknown if this drug caused it.  My allergies are also under control. The Urticaria still appears a little but much less in size, scope and no itching or raised welts. No feelings of tiredness for me, in fact it kind of speeds me up. I&#039;m amazed that a cousin of Zyrtec can do so much more. Zyrtec didn&#039;t touch the hives before, even when taking up to triple the normal daily dose. If you have hives give it a try."
"I started taking this birth control a few months before I got married to my husband.  It&#039;s the first and only brand I&#039;ve ever tried, but I&#039;ve noticed no side-effects.  Even during that crazy pre-wedding time, there wasn&#039;t any weight gain or crazy mood swings (I was slightly nauseous the first few days, but it was very temporary).  I&#039;ve been on it 2 years now with no problems.  Periods are very light, no problems."
"I find that Lyrica has helped a lot with my sciatic pain. I am able to move better with less pain."
"I have tried everything and this product really works. I lost 22 pounds in 2 months. I was so glad to finally find something that works."
"I initially was prescribed this a few months ago at 10 mg 3xd, but it made me headachy and almost made my anxiety worse, so I quit taking it. I cannot take benzos, and recently am having more problems with anxiety, so I&#039;m trying it at 5 mg 3xd. Now I see what others have been talking positively about. It&#039;s very subtle, but apparently I was just taking too much for my system before. So far, so good."
"I was given 10mg and a week later he went up to 20mg. So far I have had constant yawning, sweating attacks, nausea and now diarrhea. I also have problems sleeping at night and this made me tired in afternoon, but I now split dose, 1 before bed and one when I get up...that has helped the symptoms and they are less bothersome now. The sweating is the worst, I ordered Odaban and it is wonderful! You can even apply it to your face and head and that is where I sweat. I have not have any more feelings of doom and  gloom and excessive worrying. I feel like I am getting back to normal but it&#039;s been 2 weeks and I&#039;m not there yet. So I guess so far so good."
"I was diagnosed with ADHD late and started Strattera about a year ago. When one gets a diagnosis like this late in life, one contemplates missed opportunities along the way, so I was very hopeful at the beginning. My insurance balked, because it was only approved for children, but eventually, I started it. A year later, I stopped. I don&#039;t know what the reasons are, but I felt no effects whatsoever. I stopped about a month ago, and never even noticed anything since stopping. I know doctors don&#039;t want to prescribe amphetamines or opiates or anything which has even the slightest risk of dependency. Fine. Then what? And what is out there for adults with ADHD?"
"I was only on 1.5 mg Vraylar for 3 days. I had severe side effects which lasted 5 days after my doc pulled me off of this poison. The psychic and physical pain was absolute torture. The suicidal ideation I&#039;d been experiencing prior to Vraylar ramped up big time. Every cell in my body was in screaming. My doc took me off it after 3 days. What he neglected to mention is that Vraylar stays in your system for 2 weeks. The This is my 9th day off of Vraylar and I&#039;m finally beginning to feel better. Have had night sweats the last 3 days so my body is detoxing the Vraylar. I&#039;ve been in treatment for refractory bipolar 1 mixed episodes MDD for 27 years, and Vraylar was far and away the worst experience I&#039;ve had on a med, and I&#039;ve been on them all."
"I&#039;ve had acne since about 6th grade when I was 11. I am now almost 18  and I am happy to say I have gotten almost completely rid of my acne. It&#039;s amazing and it&#039;s all thanks to epiduo seriously. I still have some acne scars and this medication did make my skin extremely dry for the first month or two but it was worth it. I had these little under skin bumps all over my cheeks and chin and now they&#039;re completely gone. I&#039;m so happy I can now wear makeup around my guy friends and even crushes sometimes it&#039;s crazy. My skin is not 100% clear but it&#039;s sooooo much better!! I feel confident and I&#039;m glad I finally found the right medication for my skin and just know I have tried at least 20 different things !!"
"I&#039;ve only been on Loesrtin 24 Fe for a month now, side effects I have been having is cramping. I also started spotting and the cramps became a bit worse where I had to literally curl in a ball because it hurt so bad and I got a period that is just all clotting. I&#039;m not sure if that&#039;s normal but maybe my body is just getting used to it. I notice a little increase in my breast size which is a plus for me, I will continue to take Loestrin with hopes that the cramping clears up and the clotting of my period because it worries me. Has anyone else had these issues? I sure hope my body becomes used to it and all my symptoms go away."
"Mixed bag with this one. Did it initially help treat my obsession with alcohol by reducing cravings? Yes. Is it the only substance on earth that has rendered me impotent at times? Unfortunately, yes. It took some experimentation (I&#039;m on other drugs) to realise naltrexone as the culprit, but I stopped a month ago and, as expected, I feel like my life is on the rise. Pun intended."
"I have been on the Nexplanon Implant birth control for 1 year now. My experience has been horrible. Besides mood swings and the irregular periods... I gained over 40 lbs in one year without change of exercise or eating habits. On top of that I got acne like a 15 year old... I&#039;m 22 and I had HORRIBLE acne. I now have an appointment in 3 weeks to get the implant removed I&#039;m done."
"The good thing about the pill is that you can take it continuously. After 4mths of taking this pill, I ended up with bad palpitations 6-10 days. The palpitations was bad that I had to go to urgent care. While at the MD&#039;s office the nurse telling me oh it&#039;s normal, I reply &quot;yes I know  but not in this case bcuz I know my body. 
They capture a PVC on an EKG rhythm strip and even did labs( there were great). MD told me to just watch for signs and symptoms (if worsen go to ED). I decide to stop talking the pill, on the first day (not taking pill) I had no palpitations. The next day I decided to take it (just to see) omg it was the worse mistake my heart felt like is was about to exploded. I flush them in the toilet, never had palpitations after"
"I started these pills on 8/11/2017. I&#039;m 5&#039;3 and weighed 163. Today is 8/31 and I have managed to get down to 152lb. The first 3 days went kinda crazy. Not hungry at all but still ate small portions. To this day I do not crave any sweets, soda or fast food really at all. Which is nuts because I love all that junk! I have been eating very healthy too. Lots of greens and chicken for dinner. Fruit and fiber bar for breakfast. I have cheated a couple times but it&#039;s ok :) I do have more energy during the day. Only thing that sucks is that I have a desk job so its hard to get out. I go walk outside every chance I get. Only 11 pounds so far.  Overall I am pleased with this pill. I will continue to take it and repost in a month or so."
"Clonidine made all the difference in the world in my recovery. It helped with my restless leg, cravings, sweating. I took it with Valium. It makes you feel like you&#039;re walking through mud but it beats the alternative!! It&#039;s very inexpensive. It was a life saver for me."
"Cialis 5 mg daily has helped me. I&#039;ve been taking Cialis for almost 18 months. Erectile Dysfunction and Benign Prostate Hyperplasia are improved. Night bathroom trips dropped from 4 or 5 to 1 or 2. Erections not strong enough for penetration but easily aroused to a kind of floppy erection. Strong sexual desire but difficult to reach orgasm and ejaculation. At age 89 I like the results."
"I&#039;ve been on nexoplanon for 10 months now no side effects I had spotting the first 3-4 months like the doctor told me and I haven&#039;t gotten my period since which is awesome cramping here and there and no acne or weight gain. When I received nexoplanon it was quick as can be and no pain due to the anesthesia I felt nothing at all. I love this birth control its super effective has protected me and i even forget its there bruising after insertion lasted about a week very minimal as long as you keep your arm wrapped for 48 hours as told and bruising is normal. After that week I had a tiny scar and no bruising. I recommend this 100%"
"I was given risperidone for anxiety and racing thoughts at night. I started at a low dose and worked my way up to 1.75mg a day(.5 in am and 1.25 at night). it works wonders for racing thoughts which makes my anxiety lower and helps me sleep at night."
"I started having panic attack, anxiety, which they all led me to insomnia for 4 days I was not able to sleep for more than 1.5hrs. I went to my GP and he prescribed me a dose of 7.5 mg of zopiclone  and this tablet acted very fast but only kept me a sleep for 3 hrs . My GP prescribed me 5 mg of diazepam for three days and when I took the first dose of 5 mg I waited and waited it just didn&#039;t do nothing and I had even more panic attacks and anxiety. So I decided to take all of them which makes 15mg  of diazepam and nothing happens just I felt like really confused and heavy headed after 6 hrs I managed to have some sleep for 8 hrs . I don&#039;t think this is the right medicine for me but next day it did make me feel calm and kind of relaxed."
"I have been on this medicine now for almost 10 years now, until recently, I&#039;ve only had tolerable minor side effects, sweats and itching. Besides it relieving the pain, it is great because there are only a few other meds that it had bad interactions with (and grapefruit, the grapefruit kept the pain meds from working). Unfortunately after being on it so long, my body has gotten too used to it and no longer works for me and it has started to make my feet, ankles and calves swell. I still highly recommend Dilaudid to any one. Besides the pain relief, the withdrawals from Dilaudid are not that bad to go through."
"Very expensive, they say the bottle last 100 days but only lasted 30, At 500.00 a bottle... well you do the math. Did not see any change after using it for 3 months. Total waste of money"
"I was given this drug and I started having pains all up and down my spine. I continued the drug because of my psychiatrists insistence that it wasn&#039;t caused by the drug. Months later I started having problems with paranoia and insomnia. I ended up in the hospital because I was almost suicidal and they took me off the medicines. All the side effects just melted away after that."
"My son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 5 and was put on Adderall. After about a year I took him to be tested by a psychiatrist. He diagnosed him with borderline personality disorder and put him on Risperdal. After just 1 month I have a new son. My son is still a handful but now in a good way. This drug worked wonders."
"Hullicanation&#039;s, depression, mania, aggression."
"I was put on Pristiq for postpartum depression.  I had already been on Zoloft but had to stop due to severe fatigue.  I only stayed on Pristiq for 1 week and it was the worst week.  I had horrible headaches, nausea and was suicidal. I had fatigue with this medicine as well.  It definitely did not work for me.  The only good thing is it decreased my appetite significantly."
"I started on Belviq the last week in March and have seen nothing but improvements.  This is the weight loss pill of my dreams! I have lost 22lbs starting at 275 and 5&#039;6&quot;. It really does make you not even think about eating.  Though it doesn&#039;t take the taste of foods away you still don&#039;t want to eat much.  I&#039;ve changed several things in my eating to help and pretty soon will be able to start working out like I&#039;ve always wanted to.  The side effects I have seem to be beneficial to me.  Dry mouth - drink more water, I sleep better at night, I feel better as a person, slower heart beat - I&#039;m more relaxed and calm. I don&#039;t have or at least notice any headaches as those are a thing of life for me.  Really consider the benefits and try it!"
"I was on asacol for 10 years with no flare ups and leading a normal life. Then 2 years ago my insurance (BCBS) stopped covering it. My Doctor changed me to Lialda and I have had a nothing short of continuous colitis hell flare up for 2 years straight. 20 diarrheas a day. Stomach cramps, weight loss, explosive uncontrolled bm. My Doctor refused to write a letter of medical necessity to my insurance company so I could get back on asacol. So I was on continuous steroids which caused diabetes.
  Finally to the point of starting humira which caused e coli, c diff, nor ovirus. Recent hospitalization which I was able to get back on asacol while in the hospital. Now discharged and unable to get asacol approved for use outside of hospitalization. "
"After I started taking this medicine I started having crazy anxiety after my baby was born!!! I am the type to not take bc before preg so when the obgyn gave me this he told me to take it because you&#039;re real fertile. So then I got put on anti depressants but at the same time my anxiety had not gone away and also my blood pressure was getting higher!!! I decided to stop taking this medication after reading these reviews and wow I can&#039;t believe so many people have this experience! My first day off it and I&#039;m starting to feel like myself and my blood pressure is getting to a normal level! This medication is dangerous!!!!"
"I  had   tried   this   product  in   2005.... and   it   was   not   effective.   So  I gave  it   another   chance   to   so   call   redeem  itself.   Well,  this   is  definitely   not   for   me,  it   made   me   feel   worst,  I  developed a headache"
"I was on Portia when I started birth control, and was on it for years and never had any problems until I switched to Levlen due to insurance changes. Ever since I started this brand, I have gained 27 pounds, had drastic mood swings right before/ while I am on my period and night sweats. The periods are getting more painful as time goes by. I didn&#039;t realize all these things I&#039;ve been experience could be related to the birth control until I looked up reviews and saw similar complaints. I made a doctors appointment for later this week, and I really hope to switch off of Levlen. All the side effects are too unbearable to not notice after 6 months of putting up with them!"
"Oh. My. God.
Others have also mentioned Satan taking up residence down there, it&#039;s true. 1st night, no issues, no burning, tonight is night 2. I did the insertion and not 2 minutes later I was on fire. I got into bed thinking it may just need some time to sort itself out and it would calm down. Nope, soon I was writhing and crying. After about 15 minutes I couldn&#039;t take it anymore, I ran to the shower as quick as my little legs would carry me and washed this devil cream from me with all my might. It&#039;s still burning now, I&#039;m sure I didn&#039;t get all of it and I felt great all day, no itching or burning. I&#039;ve had better luck externally with clotrimazole. And tomorrow I am getting the homeopathic version. No more burning. STAY AWAY."
"This birth control did shorten my period, help with symptoms. However I&#039;ve gotten more sluggish and I&#039;ve gained 5 pounds in the first 2 weeks on it. Stopping it now because I can&#039;t keep gaining."
"I have major depressive disorder, post traumatic stress disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder. I&#039;ve taken Prozac, which made me feel &quot;weird&quot;, Lexapro, which made me a zombie, and then I finally went to a psychiatrist that prescribed me Wellbutrin. The only bad side effects that I have is increased worry/anxiety. He prescribed me Xanax, which only makes me sleepy, and I still have that worried/dread feeling. I went today and he prescribed me clonazepem and told me to try that because it has a longer effect than Xanax. Overall, Wellbutrin has definitely been the best for me as far as my depression goes...I&#039;d rather be anxious than sad."
"I have received numerous shots and it works like a miracle. Within a few hours you can feel the difference. I&#039;ve been given this for numerous respiratory infections. The down fall, the injection is a little painful, but it is well worth it."
"I just started taking Metoprolol 25 mg a day and its side effects are awful. I experienced hair loss, severe dizziness, insomnia, flu like symptoms, fatigue and a feeling of near fainting. I will go back to the doctor to have her halve the dosage."
"Was put on Tumador and Avastin after I was diagnosed and after surgery. MRI&#039;s are showing the tumor and roots are gone after roots started trying to start growing again. The Avastin definitely affects my thought process and for a few days after I am really not feeling myself. I"
"I started Wellbutron about 1 year ago.  I have primarily taken 300mg daily.  A while back we tried going up to 450mg, but my tremor was too bad so we decreased the dose to 300mg.  A couple of weeks ago we tried going up again, but had to stop because of the tremor and also I was having tremendous memory difficulties.  Half way through a sentence, I couldn&#039;t remember what I was talking about.  I had poor word-finding abilities, and twice in one day I couldn&#039;t remember what street I was driving on and how the streets met up at intersections.  I also went to a movie with a friend and though I remember going to the movie, I have no idea what it was about.  Back down to 300mg, I am much better, but still experiencing lesser symptoms."
"This med. is a double edge sword. My Dr. prescribed VISTARIL for my anxiety. It took 3 weeks to wean off Clonopin----never stop cold turkey. By the 3rd. week I was only on Vistaril. At 4 weeks the Vistaril was working better than anything I have EVER taken for acute anxiety. I was truly amazed and happy. So why did I only give it a 5 rating ? ? ? A DRAMATIC increase in appetite and a even more DRAMATIC weight gain. 13 pounds in one month. As good as Vistaril works I am going to have to go off of it. In 15 years I have gained no weight and I have not experienced hunger like this in my life. So, I will ween off,  then work like crazy to shed this weight...not looking forward to that.  I am sad :("
"When I first started this BC I liked it...first month no bleeding missed my period totally and my nipples hurt so bad I thought I was pregnant but then a week into the second month my period showed up. I lost weight that I gained on previous birth controls so I liked that about this pill but now I&#039;ve been on it for 6 months and I&#039;ve noticed the past 2 months I&#039;ve had little To no sex drive and it makes discharge REALLY thick I don&#039;t like that , also it&#039;s making it so it&#039;s nearly impossible to orgasm all of a sudden and I&#039;m getting acne.I&#039;m not super happy with this BC and I&#039;m going to switch but I am glad it worked well for 4-6 months considering how sensitive I am to BC pills."
"I was prescribed Ultram for a severe sore throat, couldn&#039;t eat or drink. I was taking Cymbalta. The combination caused a seizure. "
"No noticeable difference with Januvia, which was added to Metformin, Glipizide, and now Victoza. I have been taking the first three meds for a few years.  My question is that I often see the entire Januvia pill, undigested, in my stool.  Why is this?  I tend to be constipated but do not take laxatives.  I told my doctor, but she did not seem concerned.  If this med is just passing through my body, what is the point?  I take my Januvia, and Glipizide before dinner, and my Metformin before breakfast and my night time snack. ( I have high morning sugars.)"
"I&#039;ve been on Avapro 300mg for only 13 days, and am having severe heart palpitations, to the point where I had to go to the hospital. I&#039;m a power walker/jogger and I&#039;m used to resting heart rates of 60-67. Now I&#039;m getting resting heart rates of 90-100. The anxiety is so bad that I have to take sedatives just to get my pulse down to to acceptable levels, like 80.  Having a pulse of 104 is very difficult  and dangerous. I look forward to 9:00PM
when I take my Tiazac, which thankfully lowers my heart beat. Tomorrow, I&#039;m going on Vasotec (Enalapril). If this also causes me heart palpitations, then I will be definitely be going to the hospital for more heart checks. In October I passed all the heart tests: ECG, Echocardiogram, stress, mibi."
"I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq (50 mg) for the past 8 or 9 weeks for depression. For the past 10 years, I&#039;d taken Effexor XR (450 mg) for depression and panic attacks. It completely kicked the panic.  I was also taking 450 mg of Wellbutrin SR with the Effexor and still take it along with the Pristiq. The first 4 days were awful since I had stopped the Effexor cold turkey, but after a couple of weeks, I began feeling better on the Pristiq. So far, Pristiq is working well for me, I have more energy, which is huge for me (I also have fibromyalgia and sleep disorders). "
"I have been taking Metoprolol tartrate for 15 years and it has probably saved my life. I take 100mg twice a day with little or no side effects. I feel great while using this medicine. If I miss a dose, I get serious tachycardia and cannot do physical work. When using, I am a conditioned athlete, lift weights, sprints, etc. and feel healthy. No clicks, no PVC&#039;s."
"This drug was a life saver. I was put on this medication after going through a tough bout of post partum depression right after having the baby. If I hadn&#039;t gotten help when I did I&#039;m sure it was becoming psychosis. After taking Ability along with anti-depressant and smtg for anxiety for a couple weeks I was finally able to see the light again. Wasn&#039;t sure I&#039;d  ever be normal again but thankfully I was able to figure it out and function again."
"Wasn&#039;t too bad to insert. First 3 months I had continuous spotting. Period stopped after 3 months. At first it felt fine.. Developed GAD and anxiety disorders half a year in and started crying for no reason at everything and had to see a therapist twice. I thought it was just me going crazy until a year passed and I got my period all of a sudden. My monthly periods then would last 10-12 days and hurt like hell. Cramping was UNBEARABLE. I never cramped on BC pills or off BC pills, but all the time on Mirena. I was depressed, tired, gained 10lb and was always hungry, anxious 24/7, and sensitive to every little thing. Removed my IUD after a year and a half of use and switched back to BC. VERY disappointed with this- I had such high hopes"
"I&#039;m on my 4th day with these pills and I&#039;ve already lost 8pounds"
"I started phentermine on 9/21/11...so far it seems to be working I have a lot more energy then ever."
"I have had this birth control since last October and I have gain A LOT  of weight! I was told by my obgyn that I wouldn&#039;t gain any weight and that this was the better option. But in my opinion its not. I weighed 125 the day that I got this and here it is not even a year yet and I weight 185 I gained 60 lbs and it is getting worst. It is extremely hard to lose it. I also play sports and things but the birth control makes me very lazy and tired all the time. All I want to do is sleep! I would not recommend this to anyone. My period is so crazy one minute i have one and then I don&#039;t have one for about 2 months. This might just be my reaction from my body but I still wouldn&#039;t recommend it for anyone."
"Very effective for pain. Have been pain meds for 11 yrs. Tried many others ie. hydrocodone, morphine, Percocet, oxymorphone, several others, but nothing worked like fentanyl. However, I have had some serious side effects. First I froze at 78 degrees inside our home in southwest florida. Then my left eye started getting really hazy. I thought my glasses were filthy. By the way it&#039;s still hazy after going through almost four months of withdrawal.  Then my right leg felt like dead weight at night. My left leg felt like it was wrapped with a very tight sock from below the knee to my ankle. I felt like I was going to vomit any minute, my mouth started to get watery. My gut hurt like anything. "
"Started taking Flagyl for bacterial vaginitis on Friday. Didn&#039;t start feeling side effects until late Saturday, where I experienced flu like symptoms. It is now Tuesday, and I can&#039;t wait until my last dose. I am taking 500mg every 12 hours for 7 days. I also have interstitial cystitis, which I think the medicine is irritating my bladder. Fatigue is the worst symptom so far, doesn&#039;t help when I work midnights and am already tired. No diarrhea though, and no yeast infection yet. When they prescribed it too me, I was not happy! I just tell myself the benefits outweigh the risks. I just hope my Interstitial Cystitis symptoms subside when this is done."
"Hi everyone! This is my second month of taking Accutane. I am taking 40 mg doses a day, and by far I have noticed that along with my severe cystic acne, I used to have a lot of comedones (small white hard substance which if pinched comes out like a hard thread like thing) around my chin and nose area. It used to look disgusting as it gave a grainy and cactus like appearance, but thanks to isotretinoin, I am completely rid of comedones. But I still have occasional breakout and have about 8 big cysts on my face which still need to dry up. I am a big time squeezer and don&#039;t know how to stop myself from doing that. Will update after two more months. 
I give an 8/10 as of now.
-22 yo female, India."
"I was prescribed contrave by my doc. I have always been a healthy eater and exercised daily. I&#039;m 30 years old and a mother of 3. I was diagnosed with thyroid disease 2.5 years ago.  My thyroid disease was making weight loss difficult, almost impossible. 

 I have been on contrave for 6 weeks. The only side effect I have had is increased sweating (but that could also be it is summer and blazing hot where I live). I have not had any of the other side effects others have mentioned. No nausea, no sleeping problems etc. I exercise 6 days a week and eat a balanced diet. I have lost 17 pounds so far! I&#039;m thrilled that the scale is finally moving again! I feel that you MUST have a balanced diet and exercise to get the full benefit of this medication"
"I started using Yaz in August of &#039;08 and I love it! For the first few months my periods were a bit irregular with slight spotting but that evened out in about January. I also noticed later on that I got irritable during the 1st day of my period, which was not normal for me when I was off the pill. I&#039;ve had no acne problems, no weight gain (with no change in my eating habits), and amazingly regular and light periods. I&#039;d recommend this to everyone!"
"I&#039;ve always experienced social anxiety growing up. I thought this was normal but it became clear to me during college that I shouldn&#039;t be feeling so shy all the time. I was afraid to be myself. I was constantly going back and forth between anxiety and depression for years. I tried meditation, yoga, running, a different diet... But nothing seemed to be working good enough! Enough was enough! I researched zoloft for a few weeks and finally decided to try it out. WOAH! Other than the initial side effects such as decreased appetite and restlessness, this medication changed my life!!! I feel very comfortable talking to people in social settings.. I could finally be myself! The biggest thing is being patient--- it works!!!!! Good luck everyone!"
"No other heart issues...but unknown reason for high BP.  This med made my feet and hands swell.  Also couldn&#039;t get to sleep at nite and during the day felt too alert."
"I was clean a full 7 days before the injection as the protocol suggests. And of course the first thing I was going to do after the injection was use. So, I did 3 hours later. I could tell my receptors were blocked, but not all of them. So when I used, I flooded my still unoccupied receptors with opioids at the same time that the Vivitrol blockers were moving in and immediately began bumping the opioids off the receptors. Within 20 minutes after my use I was in a precipitated withdrawal. The vomiting and cramping, etc were so bad that it was a dangerous 24 hrs. Has anyone else experienced precipitated withdrawal from using opiates AFTER the injection?"
"So I&#039;ve been smoking for five years. I have tried quitting 3 times in the past, with patches, gum, and cold turkey. None of that worked out very well at all. So I decided to try this out, and it works great! I have maybe one craving a day for a very brief amount of time then it goes away. DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL while on Chantix. I&#039;m not going to give you all the details but lets just say thanks God for good friends. So please don&#039;t drink while taking this medicine."
"The pill worked!!!  For those who are worried right now and desperately searching the internet for any form of relief...I promise you that things are going to be okay. I took the pill 3 hours after having unprotected sex (condom broke) and even though we had sex right after my last period I was still so scared I could end up pregnant. I am a freshman in college and I&#039;m no where near ready to have a baby. My advice to whoever is reading this right now is to try your best not to worry, the pill will work it&#039;s magic and you will be okay. Also stress can delay your period even more (mine came almost 2 weeks late) so try to keep yourself busy!and  Make sure next time you have the right protection!"
"In 2 weeks my triglycerides dropped 700 points from 990 to 260 and cholesterol dropped 100 points from 310 to 215.  My HDL increased 8 points from 30 to 38.  No side effects so far.  I hope it continues like this."
"I absolutely love Ambien. Love it. However, building up a tolerance sucks, the drug testing sucks, having to have a doctors appointment monthly to get a prescription sucks, and knowing I&#039;m taking something I know I could become dependent on sucks. No groggy mornings, if taken within a half hour of going to bed I can fall asleep easily, and a few funny text conversations to wake up to. I have tried SO many things and this is so far the only one that has even helped."
"I have Essential Tremors since childhood. I had it only in my hands and now that I am 48 years old, it progressed to my head and voice. It&rsquo;s extremely annoying!!! I had different medications in the past that didn&rsquo;t work. Now I am taking tramadol 50 mg, gabapentin 300 mg and propranolol. At first, I felt my body less shaky and it felt like it was perfect but after a month or so the tremors came back stronger than before. I will talk to my doctor about medical marijuana. I heard that is very good for people with essential tremors, epilepsy, etc."
"I was prescribed 5mg ambien after 3 months of not getting more than 2-3 hours of sleep in each 24 hour period. I had tried benadryl, hydroxyzine, and Valium previously, all of which kept me wide awake. I took the 5mg right before bed, as instructed, and laid there awake all night. The next night I decided to try 1 1/2 (7.5 mg) as I keep reading horror stories about 10mg. I took it, waited about 10 minutes, then went to bed. It took me over an hour to fall asleep, but once I did, I&#039;m thrilled to say I slept all night! Unfortunately even after a full night of sleep it was very hard to wake up. I&#039;d wake up then doze back off. That happened several times for about an hour. Once I was able to wake up enough to get up, I was fine"
"My mom forced me onto this and wouldn&#039;t tell me what it is. I&#039;ve been bleeding nonstop for two weeks and I&#039;m an emotional wreck. My face is completely broken out whereas I would only get a few breakouts here and there beforehand not to mention its extremely oily. My mental health issues only make the situation worse. I had to find this information out on my own and I&#039;m absolutely miserably. My period used to last 5 days and now its been 2 weeks. I&#039;m constantly in pain. This shot has made me absolutely miserable but I have no choice but to take it until I can move out."
"I have been on Klonopin for 20 years. I&#039;ve only had to up the dosage once, from 0.5mg to 1 mg per day. Before I took it I started having uncontrollable panic attacks, loss of appetite, lack of concentration. Klonopin worked instantly. I went from no appetite, to being able to eat normally again. There has only been one short period in my life during those 20 years, when my circumstances were so overwhelming that the panic attacks re-occurred, and I would sometimes take an extra dose. This medicine has been a life saver for me. In all those years I have only lost 2 days of work because of anxiety related illness. I thank the doctor who put me on this and who keeps monitoring me to see that I am OK."
"I hate the way this drug makes me feel!! I feel like I am spaced out all the time, and have no energy! When I am off it, I feel wonderful, but then the same symptoms come back if I start taking it again!! What else is out there that works to lower blood pressure!! I can stand feeling this way anymore! I want my life back! I am on 10 m/g. I feel like a zombie! Help!"
"This drug is making me pee constantly; its really intolerable. I checked my urine...indeed now positive for sugar. But this is the symptom most diabetics seek treatment for!"
"When I started having severe anxiety and panic attacks years ago I had a doctor who had no difficulty shoving me on Xanax and Klonopin. I was completely unaware how addictive and awful these drugs were. I weaned myself of the drugs after years of taking them. After withdrawal I did fine. About a year ago my anxiety and panic attacks returned and I was going to a different doctor. She tried me on Zoloft first and very sparingly gave me Xanax for those &quot;I&#039;m going to die moments&quot;. After about 3 months the Zoloft wasn&#039;t helping much without the occasional Xanax kick so she doubled the Zoloft and I about crawled out of my skin. She asked me if I want to try Buspiron. No anxiety and sleeping like a baby."
"Good pain med ."
"I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis a year ago after suffering for months. Lialda worked to stop my diarrhea practically overnight.  I have not had a flair or really any symptoms since starting this medication nearly a year ago.  I highly recommend it.  Much better than taking Asacol four times a day.  Once a day Lialda is much better."
"This drug has done wonders for me. I haven&#039;t had an allergy attack in a year now because of it."
"I have Asperger&#039;s syndrome, and I must say that aripiprazole works wonders for agitation, sensory overload, and poor impulse control in autism (an increasingly common off-label use). This drug has made college an option for me.

My side effects: I gained some weight and lost some creative ability. "
"I have been on Macrobid for a urinary tract infection for 4 days and still do not have relief.  I have called my Doctor and he has now prescribed me a sulfa drug.  I have used the sulfa drug in the past and it works quick.  I am miserable on the Macrobid, exhausted, irritable, weepy, nauseous and a have a headache.   "
"About 30 minutes after taking this I would get really bad heartburn."
"I have had MANY sinus infections over the years, and Biaxin is the only thing that really gets rid of them. Yes, you have a horrible (metallic) taste in your mouth, are a bit loopy, and tummy isn&#039;t the best, but those side effects are nothing compared to serious sinus pain. I&#039;d rather be thirsty than feel like my head is in a vice all day!"
"Have taken 3 shots so far with almost no change yet but they have said that it could take up to 3 months.  Am hoping that this medicine will give me some semblance of a life back for I am going to be a grandma in 2 months."
"I&#039;ve used Lamictal for several years and I feel that it is a very effective drug with little to no side effects.  Moods are quite stable; although I still do get some depression.  Overall, I&#039;ve been extremely stable for the past 3 years taking it with a combination of Lexapro for depression."
"My dad was given Tarceva in 2008 after having radiation treatment and I guess he was part of a clinical trial. It shrank his lung cancer mass and his current x rays show that his lungs are clear (He&#039;s 93)."
"Works great.  No problems."
"6 pumps put me at 800. Have not lost any weight, helps erections and stamina and I&#039;m happy to have it since it is all my insurance would pay for. Did not respond to the compounded creme which is a bummer since it&#039;s so inexpensive.

I am being referred to an endo for the pellets but would recommend Fortesta for anyone interested in a topical solution."
"Please don&#039;t be afraid to try this! I&#039;m 36 with no children, had to come off pill for health reasons.  Dr said it was great for women my age.  I was scared to death from all these reviews.  But I gave it a try.  Yes, insertion was terribly painful (and I&#039;m a tough cookie), after a few hours of cramping, my ibuprofen did the job and I felt better. Had a sore back the next day and thats been it. No bleeding (insertion during my cycle) since.  I&#039;ve been working out and actually have started to lose weight.  No acne or moodiness, although its only been a week.  Please give it a try and enjoy your built in birth control."
"I have had a good experience with Mobic medication I was concerned it might have side effects as I have been on it for eight months"
"Out of the 3 pills I have taken (the others being Microgestin Fe and tri lo sprintec), Trinessa is probably the best. Microgestin caused not only constant constipation and the worst depression I&#039;ve ever experienced. I switched to Trinessa and these problems lessened within the first month. Trinessa did give me some nasty forehead acne and mood swings, but these also disappeared relatively quickly. My only real complaint is that until the 5th month on it, I would spot for a week straight before my placebo week. My flow was pretty heavy, but no terrible cramps accompanied it."
"I&#039;ve been having a pretty heavy period for about 2 weeks now, where I actually still need to use tampons.  I&#039;ve never experienced anything like this &amp; plan on getting it removed asap.   Very unsatisified &amp; can&#039;t stomach the thought of always bleeding like this.   It has made me so weak &amp; the cramps have been nauseating.   Can&#039;t wait for this piece of garbage to be out!! "
"I have been on this medicine for almost a year. It really does bring your diabetes under control. My A1C has remained a 6 since being on this medication. The down side is I have issues with being too low. While taking this medicine I experience low numbers at night. So I have wake up through the night to drink something to maintain good glucose numbers. I have also experienced other side effects such as yeast infections, low numbers, weakness,dizziness and joint pain.  This is a great medicine for keeping your numbers under control but this medicine seems to be too powerful for me. I have found my self cutting back to a couple times a week taking this medication. Besides the side effects great medicine!!!"
"Used for 17yrs, worked well at first but needed increased doses as I became tolerant,held the same dose for past 7 yrs then suddenly became acutely anxious and agoraphobic dose was increased again but only result was awful unsteadiness on my feet.

Finally was told that some people get withdrawal symptoms even whilst taking the same dose and it seems that is the problem I have,never been this ill in my life and now i face having to taper off it which scares me, my experience and opinion is it was fine short term but long term caused me more problems than it ever solved."
"I love this medicine. I have the worst acid reflux, indigestion and nothing ever works. I&#039;ve used so many other things but the only thing I have found that actually works is Zantac 150. I call it my miracle pill."
"Very effective in controlling breakthrough pain."
"I have been taking Restoril for 2 weeks now with no help. I stay up all night and when I do finally fall asleep I get up about every hour. I don&#039;t have any side effects from it. I have also tried Ambien, I think it was better but it lost its effect quickly."
"I got into a bad auto accident and got put on Oxycontin 40mg twice a day and it has been working great for months."
"I have been using for about 2 weeks now. It works a little, but it takes a long time. But I have noticed my acne scars going away. But, it makes my face red, and it burns really bad! So much that most of the time, I&#039;ll go and wash it off with freezing cold water."
"I have been on Cozaar for many years.   I did have a nagging cough which neither I nor my doctor connected to Cozaar.   She thought the cough might be due to reflux and I started taking generic Omeprazole (Prilosec) and the cough went away.  I dont know if the Cozaar was causing the indigestion but if you like taking Cozaar and have a cough you might try this."
"I have had implanon in for two years. It has been an amazing &quot;birth control&quot;. I do not take very many precautions and I have never had a pregnancy scare. I did not gain weight while being on this, I actually lost weight. The only negative effect this has had on me is my menstrual cycle. I am constantly on my period (spotting). I go several months spotting with an occasional couple days off. I absolutely hate this effect the implanon has on me, but it may work out better for others. Most definitely most effective as far as birth control."
"I&#039;m giving this medicine a rating of 4 out of 10. I was prescribed this when I went to the doctor with a horrible ear infection. The right side of my face was swollen and my ear was almost swollen shut! I had already felt dizzy and nauseous because of my ear infection so when it continued I just thought it was my ear infection. My ear infection cleared up and I still had day left of the meds. As soon as I took my morning dose I got extremely nauseous and shaky. I do not recommend these to anyone. I&#039;ve never had an anti-biotic make me feel this sick. I even tried taking it with food and it still didn&#039;t help. I&#039;ve also been extremely bloated, and have had diarrhea since I started taking it. I know everyone is different but this is horrible."
"I have severe back pain due to an injury that eventually  resulted in three lower back surgeries. I have been on Kadian for a couple of years and I do not find it very effective at all. I am in misery most of the time."
"It cured my MRSA."
"I received the IUD yesterday; this comment is to share the insertion process. I am 24 years old with no children. I was pretty scared for the insertion, so much so I had my boyfriend come because I was unsure of whether or not I&#039;d be able to drive home. I took 800mg of Tylenol beforehand and ate a big breakfast. The whole process took maybe 3 minutes. It was very painful but it was tolerable. First, they use a ruler to measure your uterus. Then they insert the device. I had intense cramping (contraction like cramps) for about 30 seconds. Focus on your breathing during this!! I started to shake and felt a bit lightheaded, but this subsided within a minute. My boyfriend was so surprised to see me walk out with a smile on my face!"
"I had the Nexplanon implant inserted a little over a year ago. I immediately called back because I had been bleeding for three weeks straight after implant. I was instructed by the clinic to take Iboprofen to control the bleeding (seemed an odd remedy to me) the nurse told me it would &quot;get better after a few weeks&quot;. It has been over a year. My period comes about everything 3 weeks and lasts from 4-14 days. Sometimes I have a break in between and stop bleeding for a day or two, then it starts up again for another week... basically I am constantly on my period. It is inconvenient and bothersome, but I deal with it because I am preventing any unwanted pregnancies. My partner can&#039;t stand it. Hopefully my hair doesn&#039;t begin falling out now too.."
"I told my doctor about my symptoms and he told me that my symptoms did not appear in his medical handbook so he disregarded my symptoms completely. He said it was mandatory for him to report any symptom not listed in his book to the proper health authorities to update the handbook. However, he didn&#039;t report the side effects that I told him about because it was &quot;too much paperwork.&quot; Instead, he tried to convince me that it had nothing to do with Elavil and in a threatening demeanour tried to change my mind about my symptoms so that he would not be forced to do any paperwork. After reading this site on Elavil, I see the symptoms that I told my doctor about. I find that my doctor acted in an unsafe, unprofessional, and negligent manner."
"Probably the worst method I ever used. I immediately felt like I had been possessed. My moods and anger were so extreme. I nearly killed my partner on two occasions. I could not control or explain my behaviour. I also spent the whole year on my period. Literally not a single day off. My sex drive completely disappeared, and I had frequent urine and vaginal infections. The second I had the implant removed, my behaviour and body instantly went back to normal. Sadly though, I have not recovered from the events that occurred while I was on it. A lot of damage was done thanks to those psycho hormones."
"the cream burns like hell and did not even heal my yeast infection I had to go to the doctors and my doctor told me not to use Monistat because it&#039;s not strong enough. and it burns and itches like crazy - did you put hot sauce in the cream?"
"My wife and I have smoked on and off for 30 years.  Chantix worked perfect for us.  Smoke free for a year. "
"Yes, this medication works to eliminate symptoms of allergies, however I had a big issue with - what I&#039;m assuming is - a side effect of the medication. When I took the medication my personality immediately changed; I actually became less talkative and happy and it severely affected my life to the point where I randomly started crying during school. I&#039;m assuming that the medication put me in a depression-esque state (I&#039;ve never had depression before so I can&#039;t say for sure) but it altered my personality in ways my personality has never changed for the three days I took it and people noticed. It was honestly terrifying. Be wary of the side effects when taking this medication."
"I have received great relief from pain, using this medications. I have minimal side effects, but I know others who cannot take this medication."
"Compared to taking Tegretol for TN I would give it a 10.  Much less problems with taking and no Tegretol level or white blood cell counts needed, and I can take a lesser dose mostly get by with 2 a day with the other medicine it was min of 3 but mostly 4 a day.   I do feel much better physically with the smaller dose of course.  kinda looped for a week switching medicines as you take both to wean off Tegretol and onto Trileptal. I definitely would try it."
"I am 23 and have two kids. I had my Mirena placed yesterday. During the insertion it was kind of uncomfortable but today has been back to normal besides some minor spotting. So I am LOVING the device. I have always hated taking the pill."
"I&#039;m on anti-coagulants permanently, previously on Warfarin without symptoms for three years before trying Pradaxa.  I have chronic gastritis, GORD, plus average 2-3 episodes of intestinal tract infections per year due to diverticulosis.
I tried Pradaxa 110mg twice daily for two weeks with bad symptoms developing after three days and becoming progressively worse.  Feeling unwell, tired, acid reflux, indigestion, upper abdominal ache and pain, bloating, belching, farting, diarrhoea, loose stools, and lastly, constipation in a person who has always been as regular as clockwork.
I took Pradaxa with food and 500mls of water and 20ml of antacid.  Bad move.  Back to Warfarin."
"Propranolol has been truly life changing for me. If you struggle dearly with public speaking anxiety, please go seek out medical advice and get a script for propranolol. All of the debilitating side effects which have held me back for years have vanished. I can even remember switching out of a class during my undergraduate degree because it required a presentation (and following this up with a lie to my friends as to why I switched classes). I&#039;m an outgoing person, but for some reason I&#039;ve always struggled with the publics perception of me. I like to take two doses, one about 90 minutes, and another 60 minutes before my speech (usually 10-20mg each dose). This medication has been nothing short of a MIRACLE!"
"I have been sick full of anxiety and remnants of my psychosis(thinking negatively about myself alot)and this medication has saved my life. I have experienced no side effects so far, it even barely makes me tired. I take it at night before i go to bed, also i started on a low dosage (7,5) then 15, and finally now 30 mg. Since it was increased to 30 everything has changed for the better. I went from functioning on a I am functioning at the highest level of my life(and this is just the beginning, it will continue to improve until around 2 weeks because the official therapeutic dose is 30 mg.)"
"Have had serious UTI infections for almost ten years now. Cipro works great  to get rid of them. But I have been prescribed it so much that I am immune to it. I have also developed a bad neuropathy in my left leg and foot that goes into my toes and hurts really bad. Started about three years ago after years of Cipro use. I read there is a lawsuit going on for Cipro and another antibiotic that I have taken for this reason, but I have not joined in the lawsuit. Use this drug with extreme caution and not for long periods of time."
"This stuff definitely works. I&#039;m 27 weeks pregnant and have been backed up for the better part of the last two weeks. I&#039;m scared to take anything as far as medications because this is my first and I don&#039;t want to chance anything,   Like someone else said, take as recommended and drink water!! Don&#039;t over do it it may take as long at 6 hours. And DO NOT take of you have somewhere to be. I would describe this as cramp free for sure, but I would say you may be confused if you&#039;re peeing or not. You&#039;re probably not peeing, and it&#039;s definitely working. Will definitely be replacing my regular laxative!! Oh and it&#039;s a little chalky, but not terrible if you shoot it."
"This treatment, sadly not available in the US (recently) is quite effective and has no side effects."
"I like this medicine I haven&#039;t felt any side effects so far. I lost 25 pounds in 12 weeks, eating healthy and working out!"
"I must say this is GOD sent. I was on Yasmin for polycystic ovarian syndrome and birth control! At first I didn&#039;t know that it would help with my acne but it did help.... wow! i Was acne free for the five years that I was on Yasmin. I could actually go out without foundation it was amazing BUT for the past five months I came off the pill because I wanted to start my family, biggest mistake I ever made! My acne came back full blown and even worse than before. In that five months I tried every topical and home remedy but sad to say nothing worked now I&#039;m back on the pill only four days and I&#039;m already seeing a drastic improvement where my acne is concerned."
"I&#039;m a 27 yr old female with ADD, generalized anxiety (including morbid thoughts, OCD behaviors, hypochondria and depression). Effexor has basically fixed me. I used to be irritable, negative, overwhelmed and chronically fatigued to a disabling capacity and now I&#039;m evened out and confident, positive, patient and kinder. My head feels clearer than it ever has. The only issue is that this medication causes some sweating and raises my blood pressure so I&#039;ve had to have that stabilized with blood pressure medication."
"I started taking this medicine to quit smoking and I haven&#039;t had a cigarette in over 6 month&#039;s the best thing I could have ever done. I thank God every day for giving me the will power. Yes I was moody AND all the side effects that are listed but I really wanted to quit smoking. I smoked Newport 100s and a pack a day. I feel great and I really didn&#039;t gain any weight maybe a few pounds but I made sure I kept busy. Thankyou sincerely I&#039;m so grateful."
"A real life-saver for severe pain after multiple dental extractions. So far I have not noticed side effects except perhaps constipation. Takes effect about ten
minutes after swallowing."
"I call it The Miracle Drug!  I was on Paxil for 9 years and had no idea how much it dragged me down.
After I had to have my thyroid removed, my Dr and I decided it was time to try something new.
Within a week I could feel the difference (maybe it was quick due to body already being use to paxil)
My family, friends and co-workers all noticed.  I was energized, happy, my libido is finally back (only my husband noticed that one ;) lol,  and I&quot;ve lost 14#   The only negative I can think of was the first few weeks I had wild, vivid dreams but that has basically stopped.
I wish I found it years ago!"
"In my opinion this drug is a straight up enabler and the reason I say that is because it allows people to not feel pain from withdrawal. Its kinda like when you burn your self you learn to stay away from fire.  Long time use of this drug is very stupid I personally think it&#039;s bad on your body and the withdrawal is 2 to 3 weeks which really sucks. You don&#039;t want to be bound to something so when you come off of suboxone the cravings for opiates come back.  In my opinion when you decide to quit using opiates do it with no drugs that trick your brain into thinking your on opiates, then you learn how to deal with your addiction while your sober. That way you will know how to beat it. Drs that prescribe this for a long time are all in it for the money sorry"
"Tegretol gave me my life back - gave me freedom from tremors and seizures. I am a brain tumor patient."
"Helps with mobility &amp;helps relieve the pain better than over the counter meds"
"Works great. No running for the toilet or staying home and waiting. Go about your business. "
"It works the best."
"Over 6 months ago I switched to this from a more traditional bc pill because of nausea. I was taking it for acne and pregnancy protection. 
Cons: My acne got way worse initially and then leveled off to kind of bad. Gained about five pounds but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s due to Apri. My periods went from unnoticeable (3-5 days, no cramps) to intolerable, lasting over a week and bleeding like crazy with initial cramping. I have also had frequent yeast infections right before my period since starting this drug. 
Pros: Boobs got way bigger.  Nausea went away."
"I have Crohn&#039;s disease and was put on remicade to treat it and then I developed medical induced psoriasis it&#039;s so bad and painful I can&#039;t walk some days and I have a hard time opening things like doors. All of hair fell out and be a 24 year old girl I was devastated. I was put on stelara at an abnormally high dose of 90mg 1 a month for a few months now I&#039;m at 6 weeks the goal is to get me to 8 weeks stelara has made an improvement my hair has started to grow back in and right after the shot I can walk and my hands start to heal but within a couple of weeks I back slide again but stelara has really helped me not lose my mind completely if I was a normal psoriasis person maybe it would be better."
"Dexedrine is a SUPERB medication for controlling ADHD Impulsivity. It&#039;s a 100% smooth and clean ride compared to Adderall. Unfortunately for me though I lack motivation so Adderall is a better choice for me. I did rate this out of Symptom control. If Dexedrine motivated like Adderall does it would literally be the perfect medication.

Pros:
Superior Focus
Reduced Impulsive decisions the best.
Side effects are minimal compared to Adderall

Cons:
Lacks motivational Kick that Adderall delivers.
Only comes in 5MG, 10MG, &amp; 15MG Capsules and is expensive.
"
"I have been on this birth control for about 3 years now. I have the most regular periods, clear skin, don&#039;t get anxious that I might be pregnant, and haven&#039;t ever had any anxiety or depression (except for the first two months I was on it) I would say that since I started taking this birth control I do have a weak stomach and almost anything can make me throw up. I even have all the symptoms of morning sickness at times but it is very rare. I think this is a good birth control for someone looking for good protection and a simple easy pill."
"The first time I took next choice I took it 3 days after unprotected sex and was afraid it wouldn&#039;t work but my period came as usual. The second time I took it 24hrs after unprotected sex my period didn&#039;t come as usual but thankfully right before I was about to waste $14 on a test my period came late (better then not at all). Next choice has always worked for me. And I wouldn&#039;t hesitate to use again if I had to."
"I&#039;ve been taking phentermine 37.5 for a while now, since June 7, it is now July 20 and I have only lost 8 pounds. I don&#039;t have an appetite at all, I have to force myself to eat, I think it&#039;s only like 1000 calories a day if that. I have really bad heart burn and have some insomnia, other than that I haven&#039;t experienced anything else. I am 5&#039;6 and started off weighing 180, I&#039;m down to 172. 
I did have an episode of jitters, tingly arms, rapid heartbeat, and cold sweats but I ate an apple and I felt much better.
I&#039;m not sure if the pill is actually helping me lose weight, since I&#039;ve been on it for 44 days and have only lost 8 pounds."
"After six hours I began to feel relief. After day four, I&#039;m close to 100% cured...but I have six more days to take Levaquin 750mg. I&#039;m also eating a cup of yogurt per day. Make sure you drink lots of water with this medicine or you will feel horrible! Otherwise, I love it."
"I used Tri Luma for about 4 months and it works great!  The first week I used it every night and my skin became dry, so I cut back to 4 days a week and that did the trick.  My skin discoloration smoothed out and the fine lines around my eyes and mouth became less noticable.  I highly recommend this product."
"Very smooth stimulant. Effective for a little over 8 hours in my experience, not the 12 or 13 hours the manufacturer claims. I take 40mg and have for over a month and have no need to up the dose. I gave it 9/10 instead of 10/10 because it takes 2 to 3 hours to start working. But there is no crash and is incredibly smooth compared to IR Adderall, Focalin or Ritalin. I also have an prescription for 10mg IR Adderall to take at 5pm so after work I can study or work out or just be productive because by 5pm the Vyvanse has totally worn off."
"Getting the Kyleena did not hurt as much as I had expected. I took an Advil beforehand, so that probably helped.
Afterwards however, I felt very sick, and dizzy for the rest of the day. 
I would strongly recommend if you are getting this, to make sure the rest of your day is free, and that you have someone to drive you home if at all possible. I spent the next 3 days feeling dizzy, getting heaches, being tired, and just all around gross. 
I&#039;ve experienced some light bleeding, but nothing too horrible. If you get an IUD though, I would strongly recommend carrying a tampon/pad with you, as you don&#039;t want to be unprepared if bleeding does occur. 
It hasn&#039;t affected my sex life at all, and I feel fine now, so overall I&#039;d say it&#039;s good!"
"I love this pill I take a whole pill every morning. I have lots of energy! I started 3 days ago and I have lost 7 pounds since then. It curves my appetite all day until about 5:00pm then I normally eat a piece of grilled chicken and drink water! But I would definitely say that you need to work out along with it because I think that&#039;s how mine is dropping so fast! My doctor told me that if he doesn&#039;t think a patient is losing what they should, he stops prescribing it."
"I have suffered with psoriasis since I was 19years old now in my 40s I have tried everything on the market, been on methotrexate since New Year&#039;s Day and I am so happy to say that it has nearly all gone. I holiday with all my friends and don&#039;t feel embarrassed, I am so happy. I would recommend, it&#039;s a slow process but five months in and pretty much clear.  No side effects, tired on day of medication but that&#039;s no issue."
"I was given the IV &quot;migraine cocktail&quot; also when in the ER for a
severe migraine. The nurse told me the Benadryl could make my chest feel heavy and possibly anxious. Benadryl was pushed slowly via IV and I started feeling relaxed and sleepy. THEN came the Reglan! After the Reglan was administered my relaxed sleepy state reversed and I felt like I wanted to rip the IV out of my arm, I felt so hot like I was boiling from the inside out, I was so nauseous, my heart rate went wayyy up. I was in full panic mode feeling like I made a huge mistake!!! I told my husband to get the nurse and when he finally found him he did nothing for me except tell me to calm down! Ugh... Never again will I put myself through that. Reglan...NO THANKS!"
"It&#039;s been 5 weeks since the last shot in a series of 4 Orthovisc injections for my torn meniscus. My right knee is now super swollen, and my pain is now Twice as bad as before the injections!! I drug myself up to get to sleep, but I am awoken each night/morning with excruciating pain!! I don&#039;t know what the heck went wrong! I&#039;m only 47, with bone on bone, arthritis, etc. Had surgery to repair meniscus, but it was torn again! Only &quot;fix&quot; the doctor&#039;s say is a total knee replacement. Trying to push it back till I&#039;m older, but I&#039;ve had problems with this Knee since 2008!!! Can&#039;t take it anymore! Am I supposed to keep waiting for something to happen miraculously? I ice it daily, exercise, stretching, hot tub, etc. Any advice would be great!"
"Pros: turn into a hardworking genius legend in the day time after taking a pill at 7:30am. Turn sociable and enjoy chatting with people for the sake of it.

Cons: some suspicious side effects. diarrhea (it&#039;s manageable) and very frequent urination. Hunger massively suppressed (you might consider this a good thing), occasional headaches, can make you aggressive when you arent at all normally. If you&#039;re a person who has trouble sleeping this will keep you up far later. And also there is a slight psychedelic element to this drug as it peaks, you sometimes get weird feelings and thoughts you know could never happen normally off the drug.

It&#039;s still less bad for you than cocaine or something so that&#039;s how I rationalise it."
"I was on the pill for about 8 months. The only side effect I experienced was a low sex drive. Other than that, the pill was effective! I had regular five day periods, no headaches, no nausea, no weight gain, and (thankfully) no mood swings. I am no longer on TriNessa because of the lack of libido (I was on it purely for contraceptive purposes). If it hadn&#039;t been for that I would still be on it!"
"Seems to be working, am impressed with it.  Had a sinus infection, throat infection, earache and women type of rash under my arms. All seem to be improving. I have only started taking the medication though. I am hoping for the best from what others here had to say."
"I am 60 yrs old. I have been on Androgel for just almost 3 weeks. I went to my doctor in September sharing that I have no energy sex desire for years, and felt worthless. My doctor did numerous blood test including on for testosterone. It came back at 140. I had no idea there was a problem. My doctor suggested the shots every two weeks  but said that they can wear off well before my next visit. Suggested Androgel 0.5 in a pump rubbed on daily. It works. I haven&#039;t felt this good and full of energy in 15 to 20 years. The only side effect I have experienced at this point is that my testicles, which were the size of Advocado seeds, are now about the size of pistachios and are a bit tender at times. I follow the directions exactly and apply after shower."
"I had meniscus tears in both knees almost 20 years ago. I&#039;ve had knee pain ever since. I had the series of injections about two months ago and my knees felt great for about five weeks. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s wearing thin or what, but now I&#039;ve got more pain than I ever had before the injections and the pain is nearly 24/7. Makes me feel like there&#039;s some kind of scam involved, like they know that when it wears off it will be worse due to getting used to less pain for a short time. I do NOT recommend it."
"Hello I&#039;m Andrea I am 5&#039;3 and when I started adipex in late Jan I was 202lbs just now starting to slowly stop taking them by skipping days I have had a total weight loss of 38lbs in 3 mn the first month was the quickest results I&#039;ve ate 1200 calories daily drank water like worked out extreme for 4-5 x a week experience headaches due to lack of water sometimes I was dizzy when standing up to fast had many sleepless night from to much energy even though my body was so tired but I feel reborn I feel so happy and confident of course my body image isn&#039;t what I &quot;expected&quot; but my journey has not ended yet. adipex is a tool used to help change your life style I can&#039;t wait to say I changed my lifestyle &amp; no longer need a pill but am thankful 4it"
"I started the 37.5 on 10/15/16 and i felt the jitters and the nausea. I did not feel the burst of energy. I only ate 600 calories on day one. Today is 10/16/16 and I feel more hungry then day 1. I ate a total of 1400 calories today.  I did have a lot of energy....I actually washed baseboards and all. I hope it continues to curb my appetite. So far no bad reports"
"I have been on Victoza for four days now.  Have bad, bad headache and nausea.  I have to lay down. Nausea is close to morning sickness (if you ever been pregnant).  I am on the 0.62 with instruction to dial up after 5 days.   Thinking about waiting a week.  I wonder if the weight loss is due to the nausea, for I have noticed in the couple days I don&#039;t eat or have a lack of a appetite. DOES ANYONE TAKE ANYTHING FOR THE NAUSEA?"
"Have severe acid reflux.  I take 300 mgs right be fore bed and it works wonders.  I have been using Zantac for years!  I wouldn&#039;t leave the house without it!  It&#039;s my miracle drug!! "
"Very effective in controlling my back pain! Only use as prescribed! Taking more than prescribed can lead you down a hard path when it comes time to tapper off!"
"I&#039;ve taken Provigil in the past for over 8  years due to severe IBDH &amp; shift sleep disorder.  When Nuvigil came out on market, my neurologist gave me samples to try.   I found it AMAZING &amp; much cleaner version, as I don&#039;t notice significant side effects.  Most importantly - the abrupt feelings when it first &quot;kicked in&quot; in the mornings and sudden halt from wide awake to severe sleepiness. Less agitated and very clean even transition from its predecessor Provigil!"
"I&#039;ve been on Ortho Tri-cyclen 21 for a month and a week. It does not make me moody or depressed and nor did I gain weight. Those were my two biggest concerns before going on birth control. I am taking it for acne and so far it just tamed my big pimples but I still get small little bumps here and there. I spoke to my doctor and I was told I need to wait at least two months to see results in acne. It helped me incredibly in terms of period cramps, I used to faint often on the first day of my period throwing up and diarrhea. But now none of that thanks to Tri-cyclen :) strongly recommend! 
beware makes boobs a little sore, not too much."
"Quick Results, this is my second time taking Flaygl, it last for like 2 months first time around, but every time I have sex protected or not, my Ph becomes unbalanced again. This time around I just feel a lil nausea."
"Patience, Patients!  My teenage son is almost pimple-free because of topical Aczone (combined with topical Avar E LS). But be patient! It has taken about 6 months for his skin to really calm down. Some improvement started after about a month of daily use.  With time it has controlled his acne well. He still gets a few pimples, but they heal quickly and are not scarring. A tiny bit of cream goes a long way.

He had been getting loads of pimples and horrible cysts.  He previously tried benzoyl peroxide (which did very little) and then Retin A (Disaster! Crazy breakouts and crusty, itchy skin for 2 months until he gave up).  If you want an acne treatment without the side effects of an oral medication, I recommend Aczone highly!"
"Partner is using it during the day he seems so strange unfocused and aggressive.What can I do I feel like he&#039;s a completely different person he can&#039;t reason with anyone and he&#039;s talking shit all the time proper off his head"
"So far I have taken 4 pills. I have had some stomach rumbling and a few light pains. I felt a little bit lightheaded a couple of times and a little bit of head pain but other than that its not too bad. My doctor gave me this for an abscessed tooth and I have not had to take any pain medicine today so I guess the clindamycin is already working. I have a little bit of tooth pain but it is bearable. I do eat toast before my first pill and a full meal with the second and something light with the third one. I will check back when I finish the medicine to let you know if things change."
"This product is far inferior to Vagifem. I am so sad insurance companies are forcing us to use this due to expense. Packaging is terrible and I don&#039;t get anywhere near the comfort and relief as from Vagifem. I&#039;m not sure how they differ but it should be removed from market or fixed. I&#039;ve used Vagifem for 8 years due to dryness and feeling like a UTI. 
I&#039;ve now had 5 UTIs in a row and feel Yuvafem is part of the problem."
"Sudden onset of seizures (tonic/clonic) at the age of 56.  6 days in the Neuro ICU &amp; no cause determined (but I concede my sleep patterns need improvement). I&#039;m on 100mg of Vimpat X 2 daily.

No seizures since. (Yay!) But 8 weeks later, 3 side effects. Memory issues e.g., I&#039;ll read books for the first time, only to see my own notes in the margin. (So it&#039;s not the first read!) That&#039;s very distressing. Repeating myself. Also noticed vision changes, as if I need another RX glasses, &amp; (7 out of 10 in pain) headaches for the first time in my life. I&#039;m told to give Vimpat 90+ days to 6 months to adjust. Crossing fingers."
"I will start by saying that I suffer from major depression. I have tried just about everything in the book and was starting to just about feel like giving up hope (on medications that is!) and was completely exhausted. My doctor just recently, put me on Pristiq and almost immediately I noticed a difference and have had no side effects what so ever. I have been excited about life and happy to get out of bed everyday now. It has been a drastic change and I am so thankful. I&#039;m not sure how this medicine might take to others, but for me it has worked wonders. "
"Minutes after taking this my lips started to feel funny  - a numb tingling sensation which spread to my whole face.   This resolved after an anti-histamine.   However, Potassium Citrate did help my initial problem of pain on passing urine and frequency."
"Female 68, excellent health, nonsmoker. Asian, diagnosed EGFR 12/16. On 5th day of Tarceva 150Mg. feeling great.  No breathlessness. No side effects so far.Hope to continue if no liver impact.  Wondering if there&#039;s any preventative steps that could be taken to ward off the next mutation when this inhibitor no longer works."
"After 5 days on Cipro for a urinary tract infection (allergic to sulfa, Keflex, Macrodantin ) I finished the 5 days prescribed then began to feel awful, severe joint pain in wrists, back and neck. I had painful deep breaths and general overall aching. I had some diarrhea and abdominal pain. Bladder infection is better."
"I was diagnosed almost 2 and a half years ago and have been taking daily suppression since. This medicine works like a charm. I haven&#039;t had any full on outbreaks since taking it, and sometimes I would even forget to take it for a few days with no issue. There have been a couple of instances where I felt one coming on, but that only ever happened during the &quot;few days I didn&#039;t take it&quot;. When that happened, I would just double up on the dosage until I didn&#039;t feel it anymore. The only reason I give it a 9 is because you have to take it twice daily, whereas for Valacyclovir, you only need it once daily. However, valocyclovir is a lot more expensive, and taking acyclovir twice daily will do the same thing. Just have to remember to take them!"
"I&#039;ve been on Apri for 3 months, my periods are regular but I get horrible cramps, backaches and bloating. My weight stayed the same and my acne cleared up though."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill almost 8 months and I have to say, I also have mixed reviews. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, so it has proven effective in that sense. I&#039;ve also gained weight, experienced the migraines and nausea others have mentioned, now have lighter periods, and get frequent bacterial vaginosis. It is definitely as bad as it sounds. I&#039;ve also had some trouble with moisture down there during sex. Being that my cycle was irregular before, I wanted something to prevent pregnancy but also allows for a monthly menstrual cycle. This was more than I bargained for. I think I&#039;m going to stop taking the pill and look into other options. "
"For me Reglan was a blessing as it ended my nausea, pain, and vomiting caused by gastroparesis. I know that for some people it comes with severe side effects. I was put on it for long term use. After reading up on it, I learned that it is recommended to be used for no longer than 12 weeks as that is often long enough to control symptoms for the time without the risk of long term use. If symptoms reoccur a person can go back on it. This happened to me. I was off it and went back on it for a month and my symptoms again improved. Also, reading the reviews, I see that some of you have been diagnosed with gastroparesis by doctors suspecting it. There are tests that can give a definitive diagnosis so another problem is not missed."
"I was on several different types of BC that all made me nauseous/vomit until I found Mircette. I had absolutely no side effects with this pill. The only reason I stopped taking it was because my husband and I wanted to start a family. I stopped taking the pill in August and we conceived in October so it had no effect on my fertility. I plan on taking this pill again as soon as I finish breastfeeding."
"I have been on Ambien for six years now. Really helps me with little side effects like metal taste in mouth. Other than that I get at least 7 hrs of sleep. Good luck to all those insomniacs."
"Phentermine works great for weight loss. I&#039;ve taken it two different times. I lost 30 pounds in 2 months the first time. The second time I lost 10 pounds in a week but had to discontinue use due to side effects. I had postpartum depression the second time and it made my depression much, much, much worse, and I had horrible &quot;phen rage&quot;. I would definitely suggest talking to your Dr if you struggle with depression before starting Phentermine."
"I have been on a month and helps with anxiety. The nausea and muscle tension has went away. I would recommend. Few side effects, and you will get use to the drug after about a 2 week period.
Will make your hands and feet cold, but I can deal with that."
"So far so good."
"Great for panic attacks. And helps to stop my mind from racing at bedtime. Been on it for almost 6 yrs."
"My previous doctor prescribed Tramadol for diabetic neuropathic pain... ADVIL worked better!  After 2 ears I switched doctors and my current doctor prescribes Norco.  Wonderful!"
"I began having SVT in 2011. It became debilitating with almost non-stop episodes occurring continuously throughout the day. Very frightening. At first I was prescribed Diltiazem at 120 MG. That worked for a couple of days. The SVT episodes returned, again non-stop. My dosage was increased to 180 MG per day, and that has worked for me. When my Medicare Advantage plan changed how it paid for Diltiazem, I couldn&#039;t afford that prescription. I was switched to Verapamil, which I had to take at 1/2 of a pill twice each day. It was not as effective as Diltiazem. The following year, I changed insurance plans, and was able to again take the Diltiazem 180 MG extended release capsule once per day. I don&#039;t think I have side effects."
"I started latuda after being on abilify since 2004. I was taken off abilify because I began vomiting every day and had severe rashes after being on the drug for about twelve years. Latuda is HORRIBLE! Mind you, I haven&#039;t actually had a serious psychiatrist sit down and actually understand my symptoms or who I am in about five years... seems as if that is non existent in my region or something now? I developed severe migraines on latuda, and have had more frequent seizures on this medication. The doctor I have seen ONE time this entire year doesn&#039;t want to work with me even though he even noticed I am extremely agitated and annoyed ALL the time on this medication. I used to be very calm and easy going; however, now everything irritates me."
"This did not help my Trigeminal Neuralgia at all even at high doses. It had helped me in the past for neuropathic pain in my neck, so I was surprised but then, Trigeminal Neuralgia was a surprise. The side effects of high doses of Topamax for me were serious cognitive issues hence, no help - bad side effects. I did find other medicines in combination that work - Nortriptiline, Trileptol and Gabapentin."
"Okay, it&#039;s been a year. Insertion was fine, until the silly woman cut the strings and caught my cervix with the scissors. I yelped a bit. Tiny periods now, lasting about 2 days. And not pregnant, so it works.. However the strings were cut too short, so when it&#039;s time to come out I&#039;ll have to be sedated and have my cervix forceably dilated, which doesn&#039;t sound much fun. And oh my - the pains. I&#039;ve only had it about four times now, but jeez. It honestly feels like having a c-section while awake. Of course there were fears of perforations etc, but after scans and pee tests and blood tests, they couldn&#039;t figure out what was wrong. It just hurt so bad, for no reason at all. I&#039;d have it out, but the procedure for me now sounds horrendous.."
"I got this medicine in September and my face got bad then cleared up, but i kept going through a cycle: clear up, get better over and over. It&#039;s mid December now and I haven&#039;t cleared up in weeks. I also have back, shoulder, and chest acne. It did nothing to that. I&#039;m going to switch antibiotics soon"
"I have been on 1/2 tablet daily (5mg)  for about six weeks due to anxiety and mild depression.  Within a few days of taking Escitalopram  I started to feel happy and feel this drug is working wonders for me.  I dont know if I want to cease taking it at the moment as I still haven&#039;t solved the problem which caused anxiety.   I have experienced no side effects whatsoever and feel good about the future."
"I have been on this for about 15 months, starting at 100 then up to 150

I haven&#039;t had any side effects apart from a slightly dry mouth and reduced libido. It hasn&#039;t done anything for my depression and I&#039;m now weaning off it (2nd week and so far no issues)."
"This product has worked very well for me. I have been on it for about a year now and they recently upped my dose to get rid of some of the very small bumps on my nose. Honestly this is the best product I have ever used. My advice: you should give it a try."
"This has been such a sweet relief, I wish I stared sooner as soon as my periods were getting slowly heavier and horrible. After throwing up on my last period and getting anaemic - enough was ENOUGH and decided to speak to my doctor, after getting my script filled and examined ( I had nothing wrong internally) and got seasonique. Took about a month for my body to settle down. EXPECT some side effects, headache, tender breast and fluid retention until ur levels even out. U MUST Take the pill SAME time EVERYDAY!! I experienced  one break through bleed, cause I was 8 hrs late in taking one and lasted a week. This is because the hormones  last so long in the bloodstream and any slight dip triggers bleeding. goodluck in starting!! :)"
"Terrible. My girlfriend does not want to have sex at all (which she did before, very often) and she is not even nice anymore, and she is constantly tired. This is the worst thing ever made. The whole point of this birth control is to just make the woman be such a B***H that nobody would even want to get her pregnant. Sorry, just being honest."
"I&#039;ve been using minocycline for about a  week now. My face is starting to clear up but now I got painful stomach cramps. I&#039;ve been feeling dizzy and my legs always feel numb."
"Tried other drugs for sleeping but Lorazepam works the best! I take every night, an hour before bedtime and sleep 6 to 8 hours a night. 
I have a transplanted kidney,
For me it has worked very well"
"I am on day 5of7 of 600mg 3x a day. Little indigestion, very light lower abdomen cramps. The worst side effect for me is a DRY COUGH, however i do have a cold and I am a smoker. Overall great antibiotics for the job.

I had swelling in my cheek that had started to move around my eye before I went to the ER. At first the hospital wasn&#039;t sure I had an abscessed tooth because of no pain in the tooth. After 4 visits to the ER for IV sodium hydrochloride i was showing no signs of improvement.

On day 4 the swelling was finally showing in my gum, they took a needle and drained the infection (VERY PAINFUL   NASTY SMELL!). They switched me to clindamycin.

I had my root canal today (600$   filling). Very painless procedure. I can now smile again."
"I been on liletta for about 3 weeks. 2 weeks after my period came on it&#039;s lasting for about 10 days so far..I just want my period to go away!and I&#039;m acne prone so I&#039;m guessing this has made it worse other than this..I like it!"
"I&#039;m 49 and have suffered from allergic symptoms ever since I was a kid. Unquestionably it has reduced the quality of life. Anti-histimines were basically ineffective although I could significantly reduce my symptoms by a strict diet that was in the making over the last 30 years by observation (try eating foods high in anti oxidants). I do feel much better since taking Singulair, my nasal congestion is much better, feel no side effects. My only regret is not trying it earlier."
"Felt like this drug made my problems a whole lot worse. I had antidepressant-induced mania. I&#039;m now in loads of debt lost my job with a mortgage. Turns out I&#039;m bipolar! These tablets triggered a sweating problem that I&#039;ve not been able to shift in two years"
"I was diagnosed with Osteo in 2010 and was put on Fosamax, along with a daily dose of calcium-VitD. tablet. In 2014 the Dr. changed my prescription to Prolia due to its stronger potency, along with the continued Cal-VitD tablet. Though my bone density increased 10% since taking Prolia, I feel the side effects may out weigh any positive bone density increases. With constant jaw pain, I also have unusual problems with my teeth; constant infections, pain in one tooth or another, and Root Canal Treatments needed. I suffer insomnia, something I never had pre Prolia. With no warning or trigger I have constant blood blisters in my mouth, some as big as 5cent pieces. My cholesterol has increased. I feel unusually tired &amp; have regular leg cramps."
"I hate this birth control. I was originally taking Gianvi which I absolutely loved because I didn&#039;t gain ANY weight. My acne cleared up and I stayed slim. For some reason my pharmacy switched me to Nikki and in 2 months I went from 121 to 143. I am 5&#039;4 and I lift weights 5 days a week. I use to be defined/toned and now I&#039;m so bloated all the time I look fluffy and bulky. I do NOT like this birth control and my skin does not like it either!! :("
"So I&#039;ve just recently started suffering migraines due to stress tension in upper traps which doesn&#039;t help and hormonal. I&#039;m 31 and I have never had migraines like this. I tired bupap for my tension headaches and after taking them it made it 10 times worse to the point it would turn it into a horrific migraine. My doctor suggested relpax. I took it for the first time today as I felt symptoms come on this morning. I thought it was more tension so I thought I would give bupap another try...45 mins later the throb started coming on. So I called pharmacist and he gave me ok to take relpax. 30 mins later. I AM PAIN FREE! I CAN&#039;T BELIEVE IT. Will update on side effects. So far so good!"
"I have been on NuvaRing for 5 months now. I have become very moody, tired, upset, angry, and the thought of sex disgusts me. Now I hate the thought of sex most time which is very unusual for a 19 year old girl. We argue and fuss all the time. Everyday after school I am just tired and want to come home and sleep. I randomly get nausea and cannot eat.  I did not notice that the ring may be affecting me until I decided to look at other users reviews. On the other hand it is so easy to use, and my periods are very light, but despite all of this I am going off of it."
"Given for back pain due to ruptured disc it works fairly well. Thanks"
"I&#039;m going to tell you right now, this was a SLOW process. It took 4 months for me to start seeing improvement, and my skin did get worse before it got better. I am now almost at the end of month five and I can honestly say I haven&#039;t been this happy in over a year. My horrible cystic acne that covered my entire face (forehead, cheeks, chin, jawline) is about 85-90% better and I actually feel like I have skin again. My acne was always very stubborn and consistent, but it would always get even worse the week before my period... this month all I got was one teeny tiny zit on my chin. I couldn&#039;t believe it! My skin continues to keep getting clearer! I know months seems like eternity when you have awful skin but stick with this product!!!"
"This gel will make you break out like crazy in the first few weeks.  I never broke out that much to begin with it got me so worried , I kept using it and weeks past by its over a month it cleared up my skin and my scars . I am so happy my face is clear  it works really good.  Anyone who is using veltin should give it a chance be patience with it , it will clear up."
"I&#039;m a male, age 59. I have struggled with weight since childhood, bouncing between 165 (yay) and 215 (nay). I am at 200 and my goal is 165. I love working out, lifting weights and/or doing cardio 6 days per week. But I have always wanted to eat too much and eat the wrong things. Phentermine somehow takes away my life-long preoccupation with food. I have to remind myself to eat. I think, &quot;Is this how normal people feel about food?&quot; I have lost 5 lbs in a week and feel great."
"I switched to this medication because I had problems with Orsythia which caused nausea, decreased lubrication and weight gain. Switching to Lo Loestrin has been the best change I could have made. I used to have very heavy periods. They are now light (don&#039;t even have to use a pad just a liner) and shorter (3 days as compared to 7 before). Some months I don&#039;t even get my period which I consider a bonus (3 mo is longest I&#039;ve gone without it) I have not been able to lose the weight I gained or orsythia (15lb) but no other side effects. 9/10 for me. Only reason I didn&#039;t give it 10 is because it has not significantly reduced my cramping when menstruating."
"I had recurring boils in one area. They would show up randomly so the dr. was never able to take a culture since they would come to a head and then pop whenever. He put me on a 20 day regimen of Keflex (500) and another ointment antibiotic that he told me to dab into my nose. He said for some odd reason, boils seem to start in the nose. I followed the instructions and had a minor recurrence several months later. I went immediately to see him so he put me back on Keflex. These boils were clustered and leaving scars in the area. They haven&#039;t recurred and the scars are gone. Since I caught them starting the 2nd time, they never had a chance to come to a head because I stayed on top of it. I highly recommend it for a skin bacterial infection."
"I started injections about a two months ago. The first month was an injection once a week. Now I go once a month. The only thing I have noticed is a huge increase in back pain. I had to go to the emergency twice! No one told me I might have pain. But it makes sense, my nerves are waking up. Also I feel seriously bloated. Sometimes my jeans fit fine, sometimes they are tight. It&#039;s not vanity, I am fighting diabetes with diet and exercise, so the weight changes are disheartening. Other than the pain and bloat I don&#039;t really notice much difference."
"I have been on Prestiq for ages, it did not work for me I felt continuously nauseated  I became numb of all feeling and lost who I was along the way.  In December 2015 I had unrelenting vomiting,  this included vomiting back all medication.  After 10 days I was a screaming heap, went to the Dr who prescribe Maxalon for the vomiting, this didn&#039;t work so back I went this time Stemetil, still vomiting by now off Prestiq felt awful for ages.  Gradually I noticed although still feeling nauseated was not as cranky irritable and stressed. I am still struggling with the withdrawal symptoms however, I am coping better without the medication than I thought possible.  Why is it Dr&#039;s do not listen to you when you are on medication for depression?"
"Works best after a few doses."
"This is HORRIBLE tasting!!  Unfortunately, I did not investigate the solution ahead of time to arm myself with lemon wedges and Jolly Ranchers.  - Major mistake on my part.  Awful - Awful - Awful!!  "
"It works very well as a birth control (one of the best besides an iud) &amp; is convenient because you only get the shot every 3 months. I got the shot for free from my health department, not sure of the cost under insurance or out of pocket. I&#039;m 19. In less than 3 months on depo I gained almost 10 pounds, I now have cystic acne on my face and back, and my hormones are entirely out of whack. I get angry over nothing very often, and I&#039;m extremely irritable. It causes bone density loss and it can take months to get your fertility back. I&#039;ve had random spotting and bleeding throughout the past 3 weeks and I don&#039;t know how much more of it I can take. Do not get this birth control."
"I only took this pill for a full month. Caused a heavy increase in appetite around 5 days after I started taking it along with very bad nausea, super painful breast tenderness, extreme bloating and made me feel  depressed."
"Relieved muscle spasms caused by risperidone."
"Dissolves very quickly compared to other sub-lingual tablets that I have taken - tastes horrible though! I have experienced no negative side effects, and it has definitely elevated my mood and taken away the &quot;shadows&quot; and some of the &quot;noises&quot; that accompany my diagnosis....overall seems to be much better than the last two meds I was prescribed (Lamictal and Abilify). I give it a ten!"
"Hi. I took pylera one month back. I got the results and it is negative. I am feeling much better than before. This medicine helped me a lot. Please try to take this course completely."
"I started taking 30mg hysingla ER about 6 months ago for severe joint pain along with 3 Vicodin a day for breakthrough medication. I&#039;m now up to 60mg hysingla ER but the 3 per day of Vicodin is just not cutting it.  I&#039;m in severe joint pain with RA and osteoporosis.  May be possible Vicodin not strong enough I think Tylenol not strong enough for me.  I keep running out of the breakthrough medication by 3-4 days every month.  Any suggestions?"
"I take this medicine once a day when I have back pain or stiff neck, it works great, helps reduce the pain immediately. Very effective drug."
"I have used many types of birth controls from the patch, the pill, the ring, and now the shot. I would always forget to take my pill so I decided to make the switch to depo. Although I love that I never have to think about taking my birth control, the depo shot makes me spot, a lot. To me it&#039;s not worth it. I  always spotting and have ruined countless underwear. I knew there would be some spotting but the spotting has not stopped. I would rather take the pill and have a regular period than have to spot every day."
"2nd time with YI, 1st time using Monistat 1..used the pre-applicator bfr sleep around 10pm last nite, woke up almost every hour to pee and had excess, then at 4am my stomach did an unusual reaction so had to spent another hour in the bathroom, not long after, burning sensation until the next 12hrs..didn&#039;t read the reviews &#039;til now...hopefully wont hv same reaction tonite as past 24hr..still doesn&#039;t feel any better on the infected area. I should&#039;ve read these reviews in advance and might choose other medicine...now I can only hope for a miracle..able to sleep at least"
"Been an out of control sugar mess. Invocana took me down 15 lbs and my A1c over three months is 7.8 down from 10.5."
"I had pretty moderate acne (I&#039;ve suffered from acne since I was 10) when I started Nexplanon. I figured It was time to start on a birth control anyway so I looked into Nexplanon. I was initially worried that it would make my acne even worse since that is what most people had been saying. Not the case. I&#039;ve had it for almost 6 months. Skin has never been clearer. And no babies. So that&#039;s a plus."
"Was on vicodin for years and was taking 8 a day. Doctors recommended  Fentanyl. I got immediately relief. I have to apply 1 every  72  hrs. 100mcg. For me it works but doesn&#039;t last  72 hrs. Should be able to overlap. My breakthrough med is morphine codone. Wish I could find a breakthrough  med that works for me. Chronic pain for  15-20 yrs."
"I am a type 1 diabetic and have been suffering from genital warts for 5 years. I have tried every possible medication and treatment over the years. I think for me it&#039;s harder to get rid of warts because of my diabetic immune system. First time I used aldara 4 years ago, but I had to stop because of the side effects. 4 months ago after my 2nd laser treatment which didn&#039;t help with all warts, I asked my doctor if I could try it again.This time I washed the cream off after 6-8 hours every time, I have had hardly any side effects. Today I have been using the cream for 16 weeks and I&#039;m happy to say it has been worth it. 99% of the warts have disappeared and the 1% is hardly there. I will continue for a week or two to make sure they&#039;re all gone."
"I have a fluidy cold sore on my lip day 2, as I couldn&#039;t get any blistex, I&#039;ve had to try the pills, praying they work as well as blistex, people are saying 4 days ? I bloody hope not , don&#039;t right you can kill a cold sore over night with blistex, remember to soak the cold sore and wipe the moist cold sore off , it will bleed , cover and repeat till dead"
"The first time my doctor prescribed this medication I ate 2 whole large pizzas a family size Lasagna, 2 sandwiches and some desserts all in one sitting. The day after I decided to get off of it. I then realized I couldn&#039;t sleep very well and I had some depression which otherwise at the time nothing else was helping me cope with besides my Buspar/Klonopin. Thus I continued my dosage of 15mg (it is true at least for me the lower dosage is higher sedating) of the medication and once I figured out a way of controlling the 1-2 hour boost of what seemed an infinite metabolism. I felt awesome if only for a short while then and immediate beauty sleep followed. Definitely recommend this to anyone with sleep problems."
"My ob/gyn started me on this medicine after I started having my period every 2 weeks. I&#039;ve been taking it for about 3 months now and have had the lightest and least painful periods of my life.  They last about 2-3 days tops.  But it does still carry some of the side effects that is why I dropped other Birth Control pills (in the past). I get very &quot;mooody&quot; leading up to the few days before my inactive pills and my boobs get HUGE!  As far as weight gain, I haven&#039;t experienced any yet.  But I consider myself pretty active, working out 3-4 times a week, and my weight hasn&#039;t moved since I started taking this medicine, hopefully this will change. Overall, coming from having very heavy, extremely painful and frequent periods, Junel has made my life much better."
"I suffered for years with bad nerve pain all over my body, nothing helped as it was mainly caused by fibromyalgia. I was worn out and constantly had fibro fog, the slightest bit off worry or stress can cause a big fibro flare up, my doctor a few weeks back put me on gabapentin 100 mg and did the increase up to 300 mg a day. A week later after starting the tablets the intense pain I had was subsiding from say 100 percent to 30 percent. I also noticed it helped me to sleep like a log and have energy the next day which I never had. Fibro pain causes stressing the body. Stress brings on fibro and its a vicious circle of fibro flare ups.   I lost both parents recently within 12 months so I have immense anxiety. 10/10 amazed at this drug."
"Subtle, but highly effective. Combine 5mg with 30mg Cymbalta. I was on 60mg Cymbalta, titrated Brintellix to 10mg, but experienced discomfort  (heightened anxiety and weird burning feeling.)  I lowered Cymbalta dose to 30mg a day, an immediate relief from the anxiety. However it crept back,  and I concluded it was an interaction leading to accumulation of Brintellix and went back to 5mg of it. Now after three months I start to get used to that it actually works. Only discomfort is occasionally feeling nauseous (after eating sweets  or pastry on an empty stomach.) 60mg Cymbalta helped me for years with depression and anxiety, however leaving me foggy. The new combination is totally unnoticeable except from making me calm and happy."
"My doctor is giving me this to try and get my period under control. I&#039;m 23 and since I was 16 my periods have been very irregular. I have a period once every 5 or 6 months. This is my second time taking this medicine. The first time was in December 2011 (6 months ago) and I started my period on the 10th day. I bled for 5 days, it started out light then became EXTREMELY heavy, I was going through 6 or 7 tampons a day.

After that, I had one more period that lasted only one day and was very light. So the doctor told me to try this again. Today is day 9 and have been extremely nauseous since about day 4. No period yet, but there is some excess discharge."
"I had to take a year and half off from college because I felt so ill all the time and it wasn&#039;t completely confirmed that I had Crohn&#039;s. I was basically bedridden and didn&#039;t work. Then finally my doctors confirmed it and I had the option to be put on Remicade or Humira. After much consideration, I chose Humira and am so glad I did. It&#039;s convenient and I am back in college and working! I feel so great most of the time. It&#039;s a life saver for me. I hope to go into remission soon!"
"Horrible side effects, gave me acne, a lot of bloating, nauseous, migraine and water retention. I gain 10 pounds using it. I don&#039;t recommend it."
"I have been on Victoza for about 2 and half months and I love it.  I have a little trouble wanting to eat which in turn makes it difficult for me to find something I want but my blood sugar has been great and I have lost almost 35 pounds.  I started out at 218 pounds and I now weigh around 185.  I am very happy with the results and don&#039;t know why I wasn&#039;t put on this sooner. I also take metformin and it just didn&#039;t do for me what Victoza has.  I don&#039;t want to snack all day and I don&#039;t crave sugar like I did before."
"In September of 2009 I was diagnosed with Adeno Carcinoma that originated in the lung and had spread to my spine and 9 lesions in my brain.  The mass in my lung was 4.8 cm by 3.1 cm.  My initial outlook was quite grim, however, after one round or radiation and 30 days of Tarceva, the cancer in the lung had shrunk 30%.  In April of 2010 the cancer had shrunk 99% and the lesions in my brain were down to 1.  I have been able to return to work full-time with my only limitations being to avoid sun contact with my skin as much as possible.  Since I am a police officer, I have a power test I take yearly, which includes a 1 1/2 mile run, which I was able to complete with 29 seconds to spare.  The medication is GREAT, even with the rash!"
"Works better than tylenol as pain releiver. With no side effects."
"I have been on the pill for a month now. I&#039;ve been experiencing headache&#039;s for the past week and been very nauseated. I will disregard the pill until I have a talk with my doctor."
"I could no longer tolerate Requip for my RLS, so my NP put me on gabapentum. Gabapentum nearly halted the RLS totally but also caused my peripheral neuropathy to diminish greatly. Another doctor said that result would be expected. Getting only 4 hours of sleep before I get up for some coffee. Two hours later&mdash;about dawn&mdash;I can get another hour of sleep easily.  (Another hour of nap after lunch). So I can&#039;t speak to sleeplessness, as I&#039;m taking a bunch of other medications (stent installed)."
"I just used Relistor for the first time. I have chronic abdominal pain that provides the wonderful need for strong narcotics. They are terrible on my system and possibly from the constipation or maybe a result of the many many surgeries I have been through I have very painful bowel movements. Its like I can feel the stool winding through my bowels and it feels like sharp rocks! After the injection I had almost instant cramps and only a moderate amount of gas. I felt the &quot;winding rocks&quot; moving with a vengeance. That&#039;s why I&#039;m not giving this a 10 because of the cramps (which could possibly be issues with my system). Like another reviewer said..I had a massive movement 30mins later. NICE!"
"It is giving me diarrhea."
"I have been taking Lamisil for about 2 months. I have had toenail fungus for about 4 years. The fungus has been very slow growing. Which is why I think that I haven&#039;t seen any physical change yet. The fungus is on 4 of my 10 toes. I think that it is spreading to the other ones. I am hoping that I will see some change in the next months. I have heard it takes longer for the worse cases to heal. Oh, and I have had no side effects besides after I take it the first time after a break (I am on pulse dosage) I have a little upset stomach. Nothing too bad though."
"Caught infection in hospital after a sigmoid colectomy. Symptoms did not become apparent for several weeks at which time I was hospitalized. Had I.V doses of 250 mg every 6 hours for 3 days. When I was discharged I continued the medication for 7 days. Currently, I&#039;m in the 3rd day. It has helped some, but not to the degree expected."
"I have been on this medication for about 12 years now. It seems to work very well but as the years have gone on it doesn&#039;t work quite as well as it used to. That&#039;s why I only rate it at an 8. There was a time when my insurance was messed up, and I didn&#039;t have the money to pay for my medications. I could definitely tell the difference when I was not on this medicine. I would definitely recommend it."
"I have been on this shot since I was 16, I am now 22... Soo 6 years. I have gained about 20 pounds!!! That is my HUGE complaint about it! It works great! I have never even had a pregnancy scare. My sex drive is very healthy, my mood swings aren&#039;t wild, I do not have a period/spotting or anything. When I first received my first shot I bled for three months straight not heavy but had a period then never again after that! You have to make sure you&#039;re taking a calcium pill everyday! This shot will be my last, since I am wanting to have a child sometime in the next year or two. I was told by my doctor getting pregnant after being on depo will be a challenge.. So overall I gave it a 4 rating because it is effective but the weight gain is horrible"
"I have been off and on this medication for the past year and a half. The first month or two, I am very bloated, moody/depressed, no sex drive, and I have a period that lasts 2 weeks. If I stick with it for a few months, the good thing is that I stop having a period altogether, and the bloating and moodiness seem to stabilize. However, it continues to have a very negative effect on my sex drive, which seems kind of counter-intuitive for what you want in a birth control medication. Like at least one other contributor here, I thought it couldn&#039;t actually be the pill, but when I&#039;ve gone off of it (because of side effects), the side effects are gone within the week."
"I have anxiety &amp; used Valium first to help anxiety as well as sleep Dr started me with 5mg 4x a day for 2 years. It helped but then I built up a tolerance and then 10mg 4 x a day was fine and worked but notice a tolerance again so then after 20 years changed me to alprazolam and wow big difference. I was prescribed 2 mg sticks 4 x a day 120 a month! At first only need 2 a day then shortly I&#039;m on 4 pills 8mg a day and no side effects, powerful at first now almost fell like I need more. But wanted to cut down its been 30 years in benzo&#039;s and keep hearing about withdrawal from the drug? I go a week sometimes without the drug and don&#039;t feel any symptoms. Any suggestions"
"Just as the above, my life has been changed as a result of starting on Amlodipine. I was prescribed it for my hypertension, and my migraines have completely disappeared. I suffered migraine three days a week. I mentioned this to my GP and he told me this makes perfect sense. Migraine, I&#039;m told, is a consequence of blood vessels in the head being in spasm and Amlodipine has a &#039;stabilizing&#039; effect on these blood vessels."
"Had a very mild infection for about a week (caused by antibiotics) that suddenly erupted into the most agonizing experience I&#039;ve ever had. Severe itching and burning, red bumps all over the place. I tried treating it with OTC medicine (Monistat as well as generic miconazole nitrate) which helped with the itching but did nothing for the rash. Finally got ahold of my doctor, she called in a diflucan prescription which I took yesterday on my lunch break at work (with a meal). By the time I was leaving I felt like a new person. No itching, no burning, just relief. Haven&#039;t experienced any side effects since then and feel completely better."
"I was in a horrible car accident, and the Doctor in ER prescribed me Oxycontin. This medication helped the pain in my back but, it came with a price. After about a year, my dose kept going up, and up, and up because my body would get used to the dose and it would never be enough. Pretty soon, I found myself wanting to take any opiates. For example, oxycodone, anything with codeine in it, morphine. I didn&#039;t realize how fast my dependency to opiates became my life. So, finally, I was prescribed Methadone. It worked out great in the beginning. Then I found myself wanting that, &quot;high&quot;. So I would take an opiate on top of it. Finally, I am on Suboxone. It doesn&#039;t give you that high! I don&#039;t &quot;Need&quot;, anything else!! Thanks!"
"My first day and I got nausea and runs and I got a little pain in my neck and shoulder."
"I&#039;m 14 and I&#039;ve had severe sweating on my hands and feet ever since I was a little kid and then one day I went to the doctor and was given Hypercare. I didn&#039;t like the results at all. The sweating was gone for an hour and came back."
"This is the best oral contraceptive I&#039;ve been on thus far. In the past 7 years I have been on: tri-cyclen lo, Alesse for 4 years and Diane. This is the first contraceptive where I have felt like myself. No side effects, no breakthrough bleeding as long as I take it the same time everyday and only two day periods. This is such a miracle to the oc industry. I recommend it to every female I know. You can&#039;t go wrong with the lowest side effects on the market. Although Alesse is a house hold name- it has some of the highest side effects on the market and I never quite felt like myself on it."
"I had the same experience as smalltown123456. I have lost 90 lbs over the past 5 years and not lost any weight on saxenda over the past 5 months.  My doctor says I&#039;m a non-responder and amongst his patients there are 3 of us. We have all lost considerable weight before starting saxenda and not had any luck with saxenda helping us lose more weight. I also wanted to share my experience so people know saxenda doesn&#039;t always work as most of the comments are from people for whom the med did work.  It&#039;s dissapointing but hopefully there will be more options soon to help."
"I get migraine and mixed variant headaches. I spent 18 years at a local head pain and neurological institute. I had many tests and participated in research trial drugs.  Cafergot was the only thing that worked for me after many different medicines and combinations of medicines.  Then Cafergot was taken off the market because it was too expensive. Migergot works but the base they use was not as effective as Cafergot and caused abdominal swelling and bloating for me.  I have IBS-C so Migergot irritated that.  I can&#039;t live without Migergot,  It was taken off the market in December of 2011 and I hear won&#039;t be back until May."
"I had spinal fusion several years ago and since have suffered pain. Recently my feet started tingling painfully with loss of feeling. Lyrica has been a life saviour for. these problem."
"Just finished my fourth week of harvoni. No side effects worth mentioning. Nice surprises, eye whites became WHITE the second week, urine pale yellow, my limbs and joints feel lighter, I have great energy, anxiety which was ever present melted away, I sleep better and wake rested, I have a real appetite (not because of or to quench nausea - which is gone too). I feel like I am brand new.  Mental sharpness, clarity and concentration much better too. Had the darn disease so long I forgot what feeling good really meant. 1st blood test tomorrow, I started at 13 million.... I&#039;ll be a monkeys uncle if it&#039;s not working. I feel fantastic! Thank you Gilead, my hero."
"3 weeks in.  Abdominal issues definitely present.  Not diarrhea but cramping, nausea, bowel urgency.  Lasts around 2 hours after taking the medication.  Can sleep through the side effects from the evening dose now.  Not sure if having any emotional effects.  Skin is clearing well for just three weeks on the med.  I had been on Enbrel for around 3 years and alternated from the 25mg dose to the 50mg dose.  Essentially stopped working. Must have developed antibodies."
"Nothing yet, not helping, on 3rd day i took 3 shots, but still, not worked...i am on my 8th shot today...going back to docs in morning...i hurt, i feel tight, bloated...it feels it could rupture at any time...god, the constipation feels like death.&quot;i am so full, i dont feel i can eat or drink"
"I took this medication for about 3 months and it did relieve my severe depression but the side effects became unbearable for me and I had to change to another SSRI.  This medicine caused headaches, salty dry mouth, insomnia, muscle twitching, nausea, dizziness and a feeling of emptiness."
"Relieves pain for a while and then it does nothing after a while."
"Cymbalta for me has been very beneficial in treating the anxiety/depression periods of Type 1 Bipolar Disorder.
Some say antidepressant medicines can cause adverse reaction in Bipolar patients leading to Manic episode, but it didn&#039;t with me. It worked better over a long period, the negative effects when first starting the medication, and when stopping, can be quite bad (head spins, nausea, dry mouth, very tired, etc.) and can take a while to subside. I experienced many positive effects after being crippled with depression/anxiety for sometime. Biggest advice - DO NOT STOP TAKING SUDDENLY and DO NOT MISS DOSES. Decrease dosage slowly (speak to your Doctor)."
"The drug REALLY reduces the urge to smoke but it made me suicidal and I wanted to hurt everyone I came across.  I had no control over my emotions and I was always severely aggravated.  I finally ended up in the psych ward and it almost ruined my marriage.  I also had black stools, constipation and wicked dreams.  On the plus side, I lost 45 pounds.  I got down to 1 cigarette every 3 days but had to go off the drug as I had a severe adverse reaction. Alas, I&#039;m still smoking but I&#039;m so desperate to stop I would consider using it again under strict doctor supervision.  My husband was successful, only mild side effects."
"I&#039;m almost 23
I&#039;ve had one child he was born at 27 weeks almost two years ago
I got the IUD put in on the last day of my period (3 day periods) so I spotted for the next 4 days after that I spotted every other day one time a day for 6 days and now I&#039;ve had it in for 16 days and no spotting. So I had 10 days of spotting (on and off) and so far I love it :)"
"I started taking this when I was 17 years old (now almost 22) and ordinary antibiotics weren&#039;t helping my acne problems. Before, I had unpredictable periods (often skipping once every several months for no reason), painful cramps, and a period lasting up to 7 whole days. Now I have a 99% clear face, a regular light-medium period lasting 4-5 days and NO cramps! I am not sexually active (never have been), so I&#039;m not sure how effective it is for me actual birth control-wise, but my sex drive is much lower. I may end up finding a new brand once I get married later this year because of this side effect alone."
"I&#039;ve been on this for two cycles and I hardly have any side effects! No weight gain or nausea like some others have experienced on it. I&#039;m a little more sensitive and get more upset over things but overall it&#039;s been great. Just keep yourself in check and remember that you&#039;re on hormones when you start getting overly sensitive. I would recommend this."
"This did help the intensity of my migraine at the first dose but within an hour the pain is so severe again. Tylonel , Advil, Ibuprofen are no relief my doctors recommend this to me after seeing no possible reasons for my pain. It&#039;s been almost 11 years of suffering not sure what my options are now.. Love some feed back on alternative options , the pain is so bad just wells tears in my eyes sounds and lights are too much I can&#039;t leave my room.  I&#039;m only 24 years old and I want to be able to live my life ,"
"I have had the worst allergies on record this season. I have tried everything from Claritin to Zyrtec and everything in between. Nothing helped. My post nasal drip was so bad I felt like I had bronchitis from all of the coughing. I even thought I was going to overdose on my albuterol inhaler because I used it so much because I could not breath. A friend recommended Xyzal and brought it to my house one day. The symptoms did not go away all at once but after 2 days on the pill I feel so much better. I take it around 6 pm everyday and I sleep well and wake up perfectly fine the next day. Xyzal has saved me. I hope it lasts and doesn&#039;t wear off like Claritin."
"I am 18, (NO KIDS) currently have Mirena in and it has been in for 5 days now. All I have to say for anyone who is considering having the IUD inserted... choose wisely! First of all, you probably think the same exact thing I did, women are only writing bad things, it won&#039;t be as bad as they say. Well i&#039;m here to tell you they are wrong. My obgyn which mind you is also a midwife, FAILED to tell me how very painful my lower back and abdomen similar to back labor, were going to be  for the next FIVE DAYS. Terrible stabbing pain all over, migraines every single day, my right leg is numb all the way down to my knee. Insertion was probably the worst thing I have ever experienced. Needless to say, it&#039;s getting removed tomorrow...."
"I have been on this pill for about 6 months and my first period after taking this pill was absolutely terrible. It progressively got better and now I get it very lightly for four days. This pill has not helped my acne at all however. Plus I am slightly bloated."
"I as well had a severe migraine that was 2 days old. Went to ER and she said, let&#039;s try reglan and bene. I said do whatever.

Withing 20 secs of the IV, I literally froze. My heart was beating insanely, my brain was doing 100, and my body froze. I couldn&#039;t move if someone pointed a gun at me. I tripped out so bad. She tried talking to me and I didn&#039;t even answer. So she said the lights would turn off and get some sleep. I finally could move my fingers to text my then bf, please come lol.

I was pregnant years after and with that came migraines. Went to my doctor and she said, Let&#039;s try Regl-...I stopped her and said like hell! She just did benadryl and Tylenol 3 pills. Good lord. That drug is for the devil I&#039;m sure."
"I have reoccuring UTI&#039;s and have taken several different antibiotics for them.  I was recently prescribed Bactrim DS.  After taking the second pill, the aching, pain and soreness was almost gone.  It works better for me than Cipro, but you should always have a urine culture to be sure which antibiotic is best for you.  Fortunately, I haven&#039;t had any terrible side effects.  The only side effect is feeling a bit fatiqued a few hours after taking Bactrim."
"I was reading this before my liletta insertion and I was terrified. I just had mine inserted 30 minutes ago and I&#039;m already at the gym working out. It was a little crampy when they were measuring but other than that my experience was nothing like these horror stories. No pain at all just slight discomfort, nothing more than my normal annual. This is my second iud, I had paraguard first and now this liletta and both experiences were the same. Good luck ladies"
"I have Bipolar I Disorder, and was prescribed Seroquel for insomnia and anxiety.  At only 25mg, it helps me sleep like a baby.  I get 8 hours of the most restful sleep I have ever had.

It also helps with the racing thoughts and screaming voices in my head.  I cannot thank God enough for bringing this medication into my life."
"15mg 3x a day ER. I&#039;ve been trying to find the right medication to treat fibromyalgia pain. I&#039;ve experienced nearly every side effect, worst being respiratory problems and weight gain. My attitude has been poor and I&#039;m completely miserable. It&#039;s increased my depression. For all the horrible side effects I&#039;ve experienced, it doesn&#039;t seem worth it to stay on the medication for MINOR pain relief. The same has happened to me with Lyrica (neurontin with a prettier name) and tramadol ER. Morphine is by far the worst. I gave it 2 weeks but I can&#039;t take anymore of the nausea and illness this medication has caused. I took a morning dose today and feel ill, as usual. I can&#039;t wait to flush this garbage from my system."
"This stuff is a life changer!! I was prescribed this about 2 years ago and have used it ever since. I would pour sweat under my arms and could be freezing cold..I was determined to find something that helped. I tried all the expensive deodorants at the store and none of them worked..I finally told my Dr and he prescribed me this. Yes it burns and hurts at first but eventually you won&#039;t need to apply it but maybe a couple of times a month and never apply it the same day you shave..it doesn&#039;t hurt, burn or irritate me at all anymore and still no sweating..don&#039;t know what I would do if I could no longer get this"
"If you don&#039;t want to worry about getting pregnant, use this. Never had a scare once since I&#039;ve had it. I&#039;m scheduled for a replacement next week after 3 years"
"Did not help at all! Tylenol and ibuprofen are stronger."
"I took Ella One approximately 8-9 hours after unprotected sex. It was around the time I was meant to ovulate, so naturally I was very concerned. There were no significant side effects in my case, only mood swings in the first day or two (can&#039;t say whether this was the pill or just me!). My period, however, arrived a few days late (4-5 days), so I took a pregnancy test in the meantime and it was negative. 
All in all, I fully recommend Ella One as a convenient and highly effective solution in emergencies."
"I did not have much luck with Dymista, might have dried me up a little, but was definitely not worth the HORRIBLE taste I had in my mouth for up to 4 hours afterwards.  Nothing would make the taste go away...soda, beer, bread, onions, even garlic.  Glad it worked for many of you, just didn&#039;t for me."
"Didn&#039;t work"
"This stuff works like a dream and quickly! I take over 20 meds a month, and sometimes I just get flat out nauseated from my &quot;cocktail from hell&quot;. I have also had it administered in an IV, and it cant be beat. The only downfall is the cost...the last I heard it is $20 per pill, and Medicaid balks at paying for it."
"I started smoking marijuana at the age of 14 by the time I was 16 I was occasionally using pain medication. I graduated high school and went to college for two years. I started using the pain medication regularly and soon was addicted to OCs. I was addicted for three years, during that time I did not finish college and lost my scholarships. I knew I had to do something about it before I ended up dead or in jail. So I went to a doctor and was put on Suboxone, it changed my life. I have been on it for two years and I am completely free of the cravings and addiction to pain medications. I am now finishing my bachelors degree. I recommend this drug to anyone with an addiction to opiates."
"My neurologist put me on nortriptyline  as my common migraine attacks became more frequent, 10 or more a month. These migraines were almost always accompanied by a stiff neck and often woke me up after 5 hours or so of sleep.  Started at 25mg daily, I noticed a change in the pattern.  While previously I would have 3 days of migraine in a row, the migraines were mostly limited to one day.  After a month or so, the dose was increased to 50mg, and I am largely migraine (and stiff-neck) free.   I take it at night, so the only side effect is that I sleep longer than I used to.  My understanding is that after some number of months the dose will be reduced and/or I will be taken off of it to see if the migraines return."
"I take it before I go to sleep, and it is the best thing any doc could have given me . All the other meds made me feel like shit. And this one I sleep like a Champ and wake up with a smile."
"Had injections in both knees today. Aching a little but severe pain easing. I have been advised by specialist as long as shots work to avoid having knee replacements, as that is a long time to recoup. I hate reading all the side effects of Depo Medrol, too. The dosage is very minimal I&#039;ve been told. Today&#039;s injection was my first since July!"
"I took Fortical 3 times and had burning and pain upon urination. It took several days to clear up."
"I am on it for the second time. The first time I thought the medication alone was going to keep me from using but I soon found out it wouldn&#039;t. Now on it for the second time I not only take Suboxone I also see go through drug counseling, go to NA and AA. I have completely changed my way of life. For me this was a must. I now have 2 yrs clean and sober. Of course there is ups and downs to all things but I have found this medication to be a vital tool in my tool box. I would recommend anyone struggling with an opiate addiction to at least give it a try. Recovery is possible!"
"After trying almost every sleeping medicine approved in the US, nothing has worked better for my narcolepsy.  I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects, and I have been treated with Xyrem for more than 2 years.  Little by little over the last 24 months I have noticed that my memory has improved, my reflexes are faster, and I am able to work 40 hours a week on my feet, without being abnormally tired.  It has truly given me a life I would have never experienced. I was &quot;sleeping&quot; my life away 14 hours at a time."
"Started on lowest dose as prescribed by my endocrinologist on trial basis. I experienced loss in appetite &amp; extreme nausea, but never vomited. 2 week follow up showed my A1C went from 8.1 to 6.0. He increased my dose. Higher dose still made me nauseous, BUT it increased my appetite &amp; caused major bloating. I was losing weight, but my belly looked bigger. Experienced mild anxiety &amp; depression. Overall, it does lower A1C but I don&#039;t want to be nauseous majority of the time, nor do I want to feel depressed and super bloated. I quit 7 weeks in. I was all about this med at first, but now I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"I had come down with a very bad sinus infection that caused me to have a migraine like headache.  It was extremely unbearable.  So I had my spouse take me to the emergency room and the doctor gave me a shot in the rear and within seconds I felt immense relief.  The next day the headache came back and after eight hours of dealing with it, I went back to the ER and got another shot.  It was fabulous and it allowed me the ability to keep down my antibiotic so I could kick the sinus infection.  I don&#039;t know why they don&#039;t make an injection pen for Migraine sufferers to keep around.  Worked way faster than Imitrex ever did for me in the past."
"Have been on this for the six weeks now. No major side effects except some dizziness. Wonder if this is worth worrying about. But the ease of the pill is what makes it so attractive. Wonder how long before I see real improvements."
"I&#039;m a 51 year old female. My fibromyalgia was diagnosed 6 years ago in 2003. I also have neuropathy, degenerative disc disease, Celiac&#039;s disease and an assortment of auto-immune disorders. I&#039;ve just completed the first two weeks of being on Savella. Only in the past few days have I noticed a very slight easing up of my pain. The side effects that I am experiencing are: Dry Mouth, Increased Headaches, Some Blurred Vision, Increased Tingling, Mild Constipation, Some Short Term Memory Problems, Moments of Confusion/Disorientation, and a Few Episodes of Increased Heart Rate. I&#039;ve decided to continue with the Savella, at least for 4 more weeks, as long as I can tolerate the side effects. Of course, it&#039;s my hope that I&#039;ll see more reduction in my pain levels as my body adjusts to taking the Savella. In the past, I&#039;ve tried to take Lyrica, two different times. However, the side effects from it were simply unbearable."
"I just started these pills last month I had a period for 5 days and then 2 days later I experienced heavy bleeding. This pill has been causing me to feel nauseated and having severe stomach pains. I do not recommended this prescription to anyone."
"Works good for me without side efects , I took  3 at noon , after 4 hours I had movments"
"I took this pill for 2 months. I couldn&#039;t take it, I had nausea and vomiting. The only good thing was that I lost 20lbs when I was on it."
"I have been taking this medicine for 2-3 months now and although amazing results for my condition I have had constant kidney infections. I normally have no probs there so although it&#039;s amazing I have to stop taking it. Please be aware anyone that takes it!"
"I was told that anti-anxiety meds take a while to kick in but I feel like this one has kicked in sooner than I thought it would. I only take 20mg for anxiety and overall I have started to feel a lot more positive and less stressed out about things I usually stress out about. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects besides my stomach feeling a little off the first week and lately I have not been as hungry as I usually am and get full alot faster....but I wake up in the morning starving. Weird but no headaches or trouble sleeping or anything! I hope I can continue to take this medicine because it does seem to keep me &quot;level&quot; with my emotions."
"I started Trulicity 1.5  and Oseni on Tuesday.  Did not feel well on Wed...kind of indigestion and burping a little, thinking it was lunch.  Thursday the awful sulphur burps started which have not stopped.  I feel like a baby is kicking my insides.  Friday was all day diarrhea.  Not much appetite but I know I need to eat so I eat a little.  My blood sugars have NOT gone down and holding between 150 and 210.  Sat the diarrhea was gone but the burps were worse and nothing can stop them.  I cannot sleep.  I am so tired.  Sunday, today, I could not make it to church because of the burping and gurgling in my belly and you never know when the diarrhea will hit again.  I will not use another dose of this medicine."
"I am 28 and do not have children.  I had the Mirena inserted 2 years ago. I have used both the pill and the Depo Provera injection but was planning to travel and start a graduate program abroad and I did not want to worry about access to contraceptives.  I have had a really positive experience with Mirena.  The insertion was pretty uncomfortable, but my doctor warned me prior that the insertion can have a higher degree of discomfort for women who have not had children.  Over the last two years my periods have become lighter and lighter.  Now I only need to use a light pantyliner. I do have some mild (very mild) cramping with the beginning of each period. If your doctor recommends this method for you then I recommend it as well."
"I am a 45 year old male - been on Lotrel for 3 years with no problems."
"I&#039;m on Day nine and woke with a nasty headache that got worse when moving and then the vomiting began.  I&#039;m not stopping the medicine though.  My muscles feels looser, the fatigue is much less and the overall pain is down.  My blood pressure is up and I expect I will be adding a medication to control that because that is better than Fibromyalgia. I was not aware of a lot of the symptoms described here (constipation, stomach bloating, chills-all of which I have experienced slightly). My mood is definitely improved.  I&#039;ve weened off Effexor now and almost off of it.  In the past I&#039;ve tried Lyrica with no luck at all but bad visual symptoms.  Cybmalta worked for about 6 months and then stopped. Paxil and Effexor worked for the mood only."
"I had 2 spinal fusions one on 5-5-10 and the 2nd one 11-11-11 and they both have failed. This is my 1st time being on oxycontin I was previously on 2 different strengths of oxycodone, which worked well for me but pain management wanted me to be on oxycontin and oxycodone and without my pain meds I can not get out of bed. I had 2 collapsed, bulging disc in my lower lumbar I started out with a cage and it never fused now I have a plate which is not taking. I have degenerative disc disease, sciatica, and many more problems I have more bulging disc and a cracked vertebra but I am really hesitant to have another back surgery due to the previous experiences."
"Didn&#039;t feel good for a year doctors kept saying it was nothing till a year later theyears tested me and said oh you had it all this time I felt broken to me sti is somethingthat represents dirty and that&#039;s how I felt they then told me because I had it for more then 5 months I now have PID (pelvic inflammation disease) because it was untreated and my chance of carrying a child has slimmed. They gave me 4 tablets felt fine but now 24 hours later my stomach has constant sharpish pains, I&#039;ve ballooned  up and feeling crappie. All this for 1 night of unprotected sex is not worth it"
"Since I was 12 (I am almost 20 now) I have had a terrible problem with armpit sweat. I went years just dealing.. getting rid of my cute shirts for black shirts instead, and wearing jackets even in the Florida heat. I never bothered to ask my doctor about it. It never occurred to me that anything but surgery or botox was an option.
I tried clinical deodorant after clinical deodorant and while one might work for a day or so, I would inevitably begin sweating again within the third application or so.

This is my second day using Hypercare.. and although it tends to BURN after applying.. within an hour or so it goes away and I was left feeling completely dry up to my next application.

This is such a huge boost to my self esteem!"
"Preps are not hard to do or scary.
Not my first prep.  I find just drinking it quickly was the best way followed by a swig of Gatorade or ginger ale to kill any salty after taste.
To protect from getting sore from wiping so may times I use a little hemorrhoid cream down there and it works great protecting me from all that dry toilet paper. (Just make sure you use the cream BEFORE you get sore down there!) Patting with TP instead of wiping also helps if you would get sore.
Good luck!"
"Omg... I thought it was just me! Googled &quot;Monistat burns like hell&quot; and found this site. Don&#039;t use it!!! I felt better before treatment. This is day 2. The cooling cream burns like crazy. Coconut oil more effective!"
"I have been on this medication for almost a year and the cramping that comes with this birth control is absolutely the worst. I figured after a few weeks the cramping would die down but it didn&#039;t. I feel like my organs are being ripped apart from the inside out. These god forsaken cramps put me on my knees wishing for death. I can tolerate pain but when it feels like my cervix is being sliced and pulled apart constantly for almost a year, something has got to give. Did the birth control do it&#039;s job? Yes, I&#039;m not pregnant. But is all this pain WORTH not being pregnant? definitely no it&#039;s not. Getting this thing out asap."
"I absolutely love the Mirena.  Afer getting with my lifepartner 8 years ago I opted for the Mirena because he had custody of his two daughters and I had custody of my 2 sons.  It has worked great, no periods (unless months up to it being switched), comfortable, and keeps my hormones where they need to be, constant due to my bipolar.  I am up for my 3rd round in August and wish I could just do it now.  I still use it even though my life partner is cut... just in case!  We have enough.  LOL  Give it a try.  I love it!"
"I have been on this pill for 10 months and I completely lost my sex drive - it wouldn&#039;t be a bad thing for people who are single but I am in a committed relationship. The lack of intimacy started to make me question about how I feel and it brought guilt to me. I thought it was normal for couples who have been dating for years but later found out it was because of the birth control.."
"It worked fast and I felt better after four days, but my side effects were diahrrea two hours after each dose and itchy skin with a rash. Now 2 weeks after finishing the prescription I have an infection in my mouth and throat -- oral yeast infection or thrush is listed as a side effect."
"I have been taking Monodox now for about a month. It does help a lot with pimples but I still get cystic acne. I have been getting extremely nauseous every time I take it, and that seems to be getting worse the longer I&#039;ve been on the medication. I do take it with food and that doesn&#039;t seem to help. My doctor told me to take both at the same time but I was wondering if taking only one at a time would that reduce the nausea or just make me feel that way twice. I do like the medication but my nausea is debilitating for almost half an hour which isn&#039;t helpful in my work day at all."
"I was prescribed Zipsor for severe sciatica pain - it helped ease the pain some. After 2 days I then broke out in shingles - Zipsor helped this pain much more than the narcotic given to me. I haven&#039;t noted any side effects yet."
"I have been to the Low T center having to schedule every two weeks with the pain, and the feeling good for 2-3 days and then going back down.  YoYo moods!  I then switched to Bio-T pellet treatment.  The nice part is that you only have to do it every 5 months or so.  The bad part is that it is a minor surgery.  I achieved my desired levels and more, but I was just too uncomfortable have an incision every 5 months with the inherent risks of infection and dealing with removing the stich every time.  I decided to go to the topical gel and as other comments mentioned was a pain dealing with hugging my spouse and children, and dealing with my shirt sticking to my chest.  I was prescribed but couldn&#039;t give my self the injection..  Natesto Rocks!"
"INSERTION DID not hurt at all!!! I had the best experience. Ladies, please ask your doctor about  Cytotec (misoprostol). My doctor prescribed it to me so I could take it (by mouth) the night before the procedure and it is supposed to help with opening up the uterus so that during the actual procedure the doctor won&#039;t have to dilate your uterus as much. The only &quot;uncomfortable&quot; part about it was when she disinfected it. It was like a slight burning sensation that lasted 3 secs. Then when she actually inserted the IUD I felt a slight pressure. Felt like a bad cramp that lasted like 8 secs. I also took a 400 mg 30 minutes before. Afterwards I felt a little cramping but nothing terrible. I highly recommend this! Don&#039;t psych yourself out. :-)!"
"Took two hours ago, 4 pink pills. Threw them up after 40 minutes but APPARENTLY as long as they&#039;re in your system for 20 minutes then you&#039;re fine and now two hours later I&#039;m glued to my toilet as well "
"I&#039;ve had the implant for about 5 months now. The first day I got it I totally felt the hormones kicking in. That&#039;s was interesting for my bf lol. I haven&#039;t had bad acne as others have stated. I do break out once in a while, but that was already normal for me. I also didn&#039;t gain weight, maybe a pound or two but nothing drastic. First 2 months I didn&#039;t bleed at all which was awesome. I did begin to spot after for about 2 weeks when I decided to take some of my remaining birth control pills which actually took care of the problem. But I&#039;m now on month 5 and I started spotting again. It&#039;s not so bad but I&#039;ll probably continue to take the pills to get rid of it. Not a big fan of bleeding. But other than that, very pleased with it."
"I got my Kyleena IUD 3 days ago. The insertion was painful but nothing you couldn&#039;t handle. It&#039;s quick between 2-3 minutes followed by moderate cramping for a few hours. I recommend taking ibuprofen or something of that nature an hour before. I haven&#039;t had any bleeding with it and I am do far very pleased!"
"This is one of the worst experience in my entire life. After taking Augmentin , I had diarrhea for a week, yeast infection, dry red rashes at the palm of my hands and inner thighs, hemorrhoids, exhaustion, blurry vision, increased heart rate which caused me not able to sleep. I WILL NEVER take Augmentin again, worst meds in the world."
"Good"
"This drug has been a miracle for me.  I&#039;ve never been a nervous or a high strung kind of person until the last year.  I thought I was going crazy and was afraid to tell anyone.  I talked to my doctor, and he prescribed the Effexor XR.  Started at 75 mg, and then went to to 150 mg.  I feel normal again now."
"NOT WORTH THE SIDE EFFECTS!! Seriously. My GP gave me Alesse because she had some packets that were sent to her for free. I thought &quot;Hey why not&quot; and took them. Well, second month was the worst. Gained probably 10lbs because I was constantly hungry. Became lethargic and it made me more depressed. That went away in the third month. Then the acne started. As someone who was on accutane and had relatively pimple-less skin, this pill brought up old wounds. Turns out this pill which is often persrcibed to TREAT acne, is one of the worst BC that causes acne. My skin is now 10x more oily and i have painful zits on my cheeks, chin and lips. Also my boobs have gotten bigger which I hate. The pill also causes me really bad cramps &amp; my period was off."
"I suffered from severe migraines for years and all the side effects that go with them. Nothing so much even eased the symptoms off even a little. Then in 2000 my doctor prescribed Maxalt. I placed the dissolving tablet under my tongue and in less than 15 minutes my symptoms started fading, in less than 30 minutes they were gone completely! Truly a miracle drug that I could not live without. If you haven&#039;t tried it, it&#039;s time to talk to your doctor."
"I started taking phentermine on October 18, 2008. At that time, I weighed in at 263 lbs. I&#039;m 5&#039;10 so I carry weight very well. As of my weigh in yesterday (April 30, 2009) I&#039;ve lost 41 lbs. The only side effect that I&#039;ve had to deal with is insomnia; but over time, that has gotten easier to deal with. I&#039;d recommend this medication; however, I would also stress that the weight you put on wasn&#039;t put on overnight and therefore, won&#039;t come off overnight. Slow and steady wins the race."
"Started Vistaril 25mg last night at 10pm.  I watched some T.V then went to sleep. No anxiety and no unpleasant side effects. Today I&#039;ve taken another 25mg.  Didn&#039;t feel any need to take my Ativan.  But due to being on 4mg a day for years, I did take one just to be on the safe side and not seize or anything. My experience so far has been a good one. And I hope to continue to slowly come down on my Ativan use.
My meds: Lexapro 5mg taperd down from 10mg. Ativan 1mg 4x daily. Fioricet when needed and now Vistaril 25mg every 6 hours when needed."
"After only using Chantix for 1 and a half weeks I have already felt the effects. I now have no urge to smoke and after trying all the other methods I find that incredible. Other than a few side effects like moodiness and changes in dreams, I would definitely recommend this to any smoker who wants to quit. It works."
"Alright so I&#039;ve been on 100mg of Zoloft for a while and I&#039;m supposed to start 200mg tomorrow and I&#039;ll be honest, it&#039;s done absolutely nothing for me personally so far.. I&#039;ll be starting Risperidone and coming off this one.

I&#039;ve had no side effects as well as no positive effects what so ever, it&#039;s a very weak medication, basically like drinking water. I guess if your symptoms aren&#039;t bad at all and you want an easy way out of your problems, then this could be the drug for you.

These are the symptoms I experience and trying to medicate: Hypervigilence, jumpiness, sensitivity to sudden noises (like a door slamming shut), only experience emotional &#039;&#039;numbness&#039;&#039; or anger/rage, cloudy mind, disconnection/dissociation/depersonalization, etc."
"My son was prescribed the drug just before summer.  It worked great at the beginning but now since school has started the drug is not working.  He is very moody, impulsive, short tempered, sad and depressed.  This is not my son.  I also have a friend who&#039;s son is also on it and is doing great.  It maybe worth a try, just watch for the side effects."
"Caused constipation, but the medicine has definitely increased the quality of life. I have been on it for 6 months and it is as good today as that first couple weeks."
"Hi I am also a pleased user of plan b and my most vital piece of advice is to stay calm. I am a very paranoid person unfortunately and under went sleepless nights in the fear I had got my girlfriend pregnant from a broken condom. Just relax ladies and gentlemen everything will be fine. And on a side note the first time she had taken the pill she had thrown up hours later. Make sure that she had eaten prior to taking the pill and make sure she is calmed down. I had to buy another one as a result."
"I had Paraguard inserted approximately ten months ago. I had been on the birth control pill for ten years or so, but was unable to continue taking hormonal birth control due to issues with migraine headaches and the potential for stroke. This left me with Paraguard as the ONLY birth control option for me. Insertion took only a few minutes but was intense. I have never had painful cramping or heavy periods, and the insertion cramps felt like they could have been real contractions. This pain lasted about a day and returned in time for my next period. I have never felt pain like this before. I am almost a year into having this IUD, and the pain is only just NOW getting slightly better. Still require heavy duty pain medication to get through it"
"Celebrex is the ONLY medicine that signifcantly relieves my knee pain and allows me to walk in almost complete comfort. I take as needed, not everyday, per my doctor&#039;s recommendation, since I have high blood pressure (controlled with medicine) and high cholesterol, and have not taken it for longer than one month in a row without taking a significant break from the medicine afterward. However I will take 1 x 200 mg pill if I have a particularly active day ahead of me. I am 70 and have had no significant side effects."
"Had a problem with anxiety after a major surgical complication. Doctor 1st tried a SSRI (Escitalopram). Wow, HUGE increase in anxiety and a full on panic attack. No previous psych history before this. Had to stop after 3 doses. Once I settled down tried some mirtazapine at low dose (7.5 mg). Now we&#039;re talking! Almost immediate relief of anxiety and no side effects at all!

Here&#039;s a tip. Mirtazapine can be very sedating in some due to its anti-histamine effect. 1st try 50 mg of Benadryl in the daytime on a day you can afford to crash if needed. If the Benadryl zonks you avoid mirtazapine; if you aren&#039;t too sedated it is worth a try."
"I was run over by a car last year and suffer with extreme sciatic back pain. Until I have surgery I have been going to a pain management doctor. She has prescribed me oxycodone 30mg 5 times a day along with methadone 10mg 2 times a day. The combination of these medicines is a miracle for me. I can now enjoy life without having to drink all day. You forget how awesome life is until you cant enjoy it because of severe pain! Hope the people at these manufactures know how much the medicines they make have helped me to enjoy life again. Thank you."
"I was on Reclipsen for at least a year. My periods were always set and wouldn&#039;t last a full week, they&#039;d generally last around 3 days with moderate bleeding. I never got any acne really, I would maybe get one pimple a month closer to when I was about to start my period. My mood seemed fine. I never had any spotting. Now that I think about it I did have a lower sex drive.  Overall, I would recommend Reclipsen! I recently switched birth control through no choice of my own but I&#039;m seriously debating on going back to Reclipsen."
"My experience with a serious panic attack was thought to be the onset of a heart attack. I was monitored, had lab work, even x-rays. No heart attack, my heart was found to be totally clean of blockages. So the doctors conferred that I was indeed having a full scale panic attack. I was given a single 1 mg pill of Ativan. 
within minutes i was calmer, breathing returned to slow and regular, i felt warmer, and secure, clear headed yet a little sleepy.
the other med i take is one 75 mg Effexor XR nightly, and a single capsule of raw thyroid nightly
i do take a vitamin and mineral supplement when i think to.
the Ativan prescription was issued for short term and serious times of panic only. 
it was recommended i receive counsel, as well."
"I use to dread flights, elevators and fishing trips because of sickness.  Took Bonine on a snorkeling trip and was actually able to eat on the boat! It really works for me and I am amazed because I have tried everything and doubted this medication would help.  I highly recommend Meclizine!"
"I&#039;ve been taking it for about three months and I have no problems. Maybe a slight spike in emotions here and there, especially around the days of my period. I take them every mornings as soon and I wake up. My skin has also been pretty clear, a zit here and there maybe. I&#039;ve had no weight gain. My period has been extremely regular, like mind blowing regular! And it&#039;s also extremely effective for the prevention of pregnancy! I love this pill. I was previously on LoEsterin and I had significant weight gain, so this stuff is miraculous! Love my birth control!"
"Had no problems at all while on this pill. Lost weight, periods were lighter, skin got better, didn&#039;t get pregnant. The only reason I&#039;m stopping is because I&#039;m getting the implant now but if that doesn&#039;t work out I&#039;m definitely going back to this pill! I highly recommend it."
"I have taken Ambein for about 4 years, never wake up tired or groggy. Stay asleep for a good 6-7 hours. Best sleep med I have taken."
"I have had the ParaGard in for 3 years now. I had it put in at 21, no kids. The insertion was not that bad, I went back to work afterwards and was fine. Some cramping, but it was manageable. 
My first 4-6 months with ParaGard were a nightmare. I had previously been on a 365 Day Cycle birth control pill, so my body was used to having a TON of artificial hormones pumped into it 24-7... To go from that to zero hormones took a toll on me. I had severe anxiety, managed by anti-depressants. 
Once I got through the first 6 months, my body finally regulated. I no longer had to take anti-depressants. My weight actually leveled out nicely. 
I get awful cramps about every other month, but I still think it&#039;s worth it. I love my ParaGard now!"
"I&#039;m still in my trial and error period in trying to find something to help me with my mood swings / bipolar  anger management but I have to say by the second pill I&#039;ve been pretty much bed ridden with severe dizziness, vomiting, vertigo like symptoms I have immediately stopped taking it on my own I&#039;ve been in the bed 4 days now just waiting till my next appointment hopefully it&#039;s just a severe side effect or allergic reaction because I wouldn&#039;t recommend this for my worst enemy hopefully no one else has to experience what I have"
"I had a sample and the first time I took it mypain was gone in 2 hours. For almost 2 days I hardly had any pain."
"Gave it three months of a shot and endured break through bleeding for nearly two full months. Not worth it. Too low a dose for me, though I&#039;m on the thin side and athletic."
"I was on Belvique for 5 months. Lost 15# the first 3 months and zero the last 2 months. My doc and I discussed Contrave. I have been on it for 3 wks and I am at 2 pills at night and 1 in the day. I don&#039;t crave chocolate or sodas any longer. The medication makes me woozy if I don&#039;t take it with food. I don&#039;t feel like my body is ready to go to the 2 a day and 2 a night dose because I feel like I have &quot;medicine head&quot; when I take two at night. I can&#039;t concentrate at work like that. I am not tired all day like I was with Belviq. I am sleeping thru the night and wake up refreshed. I have a sense of well being and don&#039;t get stressed at work like I used to. I do get hungry now and then but keep berries as a snack. I eat small meals. No weight loss"
"I have been on doxycycline 100mg 2 a day for just over 1 month now, my acne (which was moderate cystic acne) cleared slightly within the first two weeks. Although after about 3 weeks of being on the antibiotic, my skin broke out into the worst state it had ever been in. I had many huge pimples all over my cheeks, which took a few weeks to fade away. although I feel the antibiotic must bring out everything under your skin first, before it becomes effective, as a few days ago my skin was almost clear. I am starting to break out again slightly, but nowhere near as bad as the previous breakout. if you are starting doxycycline, you must give it time to see good results and be consistent for it to work, as I have seen great results so far."
"I am 25 years old and have been experiencing depression and anxiety since I was about 17. My parents have told me to take this pill for years. I couldn&#039;t get myself to believe that a pill would really change me, actually I couldn&#039;t even admit I had a problem. I thought everyone else had the problems. There would be days where I would be extremely happy and hyper, and then suddenly one thing wouldn&#039;t go my way and I would blow up and say and do things out of anger. I was mean to the people I love most. Unfortunately, my parents are stuck with me as their daughter but my friends had a choice. I have lost many friendships and relationships that I wish I could of kept. Taking a pill everyday isn&#039;t the worse thing in the world, it&#039;s worth it."
"Worked for me, had mild side effects my virus was cleared. Very glad for this medicine, taken with Pegasys interferon"
"I only took this for about a month but had to stop because of insurance issues (it being a brand name pill) however I had very minimal side effects. It was the first month of taking it for me so the most blatant side effect was all the spotting, and having 2 periods in 1 month (and then getting a wild rage moodswing on the 2nd one that lasted about 2 days lol). I did feel a bit tired around the 2nd period as well but I can&#039;t tell if it&#039;s just because I&#039;m getting on the pill after a 2 year break or the pill itself. Regardless, compared to other 21 day pills I took in the past this one is a lot easier on my body. I had my leg go numb from other pills I took so I actually think this is one of the better ones."
"I have been taking methadone HCL 10 mg tablets for 10 years for chronic pain. I love this medication greatly and yes it&#039;s a lifesaver for sure. I had been on everything from Ultram to Oxy 80. I can tell you that this medication blows them all away. I started out on 3 a day for 8 years and in the last 2 years I have been on 4 a day. My pain is managed to about 96%. It seems to take a really long time for immunity to set in. This is the best pain medicine on the market. "
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena for exactly 4 yrs. It has been the best thing ever. I have used pills, Nuvaring, the patch in the past, but all those things gave me bad side effects. I had no pain during insertion and cramped very slightly.  Although I should mention I am one of those women who rarely gets cramps and I had normal periods.  My periods practically disappeared and I didn&#039;t have significant weight gain.  I am back to my pre-baby weight and absolutely no side effects in these 4 years. I will be getting another Mirena."
"I have Hepatitis C -1b! When I started the treatment I had 4 728 000 viral load! On my fourth week I made blood tests! They were perfect and the virus was not found!!! Now, it&#039;s my ninth week, ! I want to share that during the weeks I didn&#039;t have any side-effects! At all!! Zepatier is working very well! I&#039;ll keep my fingers crossed for the rest four weeks!"
"I have used this drug for 7 months, and I have not seen positive results thus far.  I would not waste my time or money using it again.  I got my prescriptions at a very reduced cost rate due to insurance coverage, and I still would not use it again.  I think there are other options out there that are less expensive and more effective.  I have used one round of Lamisil a couple years ago and it got rid of two fungus-infected toenails.  But I have two more that have not been healed yet."
"I&#039;m 34 with no children. Insertion was quite painful. I took tramadol before the procedure and it was still pretty painful---but the whole procedure only took about a minute. I cramped pretty bad for the first 2 days-had to take ibuprofen around the clock. It wasn&#039;t normal cramps, more like a intense shooting pain. Now , 5 weeks later, everything is great. 
If I had to have another inserted, I would ask for pain rx to take before the insertion."
"I started on 20 mg of Prozac for GAD. The first two weeks have been hell - insomnia, nausea, vomiting, weight loss, and anxiety. The side effects seem to be subsiding. Now more balanced than before."
"I really wanted this medicine to work. And it helped with depression and maybe even started to help with my OCD but I felt thirsty all the time, which made me nauseated, have a headache, and really sleepy. It also made me have to pee every 20 minutes for some strange reason. I had to get off of it and those bad side effects disappeared once I was off."
"I have suffered for years without finding a medication that works.  I finally found Relpax and now swear by it!  This work great!!"
"This drug is magical - a cure all! I&#039;m 25 and have dealt with acne of varying degrees since I was 11 (trying pretty much every medication/scrub/wash/cream/etc out there) and for the first time in my life after 7 months of treatment I no longer experience breakouts and can genuinely feel good about myself without wearing makeup in public. I experienced zero negative side-effects and strongly recommend!"
"I&#039;ve only been on this for two weeks but I&#039;ve got to say, I haven&#039;t been disappointed at all. My acne has gotten better and my personality hasn&#039;t changed at all thankfully, and my period was lighter and shorter. I did experience some nausea and headaches but they went away after a few days. I can&#039;t comment on how well it prevents pregnancies yet though! After reading horror stories about this pill I&#039;m glad that it works for me and my body. I&#039;d recommend it to anyone."
"When I started Lunesta, I was SHOCKED by the price. 300-500 Dollars for 30 generic pills??? I don&#039;t have insurance, BTW. Then, my sister (who has 2 handicapped children and knows all the ins and outs of the medical industry) told me about a website that literally takes 4 minutes to sign up, qualify, and show you where to get your Lunesta at the biggest pharmacies in the country. I got my renewed today....the cost: $19.91 
"
"I am 43 years old I was recently prescribed gabapentin for morphine withdrawal maintenance. I&#039;m kinda happy with gabbys it really calms me down and helps with nerve and bone pains, I really only have one major side effect from gabapentin which is if I stand up to fast I feel kinda light headed, sometimes I have to sit back down or I might fall down, but thats something I can learn to live with, this side effect, I&#039;ll stay on it for a while see what long term use is like, I&#039;ve had a lot of friends prescribed gabbys and they seem ok, one thing I really enjoy is how calm I am on them."
"Started taking this on December 28th of 2016 or so... I was on my period for an entire month and it was extremely heavy with blood clots, the bc cleared it up about 5 days later. For that I love it, I had no side effects until my period started this week. I have very bad cramps, much like the ones I had when my period was more regular, and I&#039;ve been passing large blood clots and have had heavy bleeding. To cut my period short, I&#039;m starting my next pack. Honestly, a really cruddy week long period is better than a pretty cruddy month long period so I&#039;m happy"
"I&#039;m 44 and have Osteoarthritis in both knees with  bakers cysts. Was  told due to my age to try this as opposed to more drastic measures.. First shot was about equivalent to getting a cortisone shot in my knees,  pressure but bearable uncomfort.   A little sore the next day, week 2 &amp; 3 about he same. Now I did just get a cortisone shot 2 weeks before starting the Euflexxa but I figure now I am about 10% of the pain I was feeling prior. I hope it&#039;s the Euflexxa and not the. Cortisone masking it. Knees feel better every day and still pop here and there. But movement is dramatically better. 6 weeks since my first shot and I&#039;m impressed and happy with my decision"
"Hi
I&#039;ve been taking movantic once in the morning for a month, and it does nothing for me. I&#039;m so disappointed because I&#039;ve tried everything.  I go 5 to 7 days without bowel movements. I&#039;m at a loss of what to do next I hope my gastro dr. has a plan.  The only things I&#039;ve experienced from movantic are gas and severe cramping. .."
"I&#039;ve been on Abilify now for close to 5 years. I&#039;m taking it for Tourette&#039;s syndrome and OCD and it has worked like a miracle. Of course I give God all the glory for this miraculous healing! Yes, God can use medications to heal us.
The one setback is that I&#039;ve gained some weight...so I just watch what I eat and exercise more frequently."
"I got Nexplanon in Aug 2015  after giving birth in June. I have been on my period since they put this thing in my arm. It is now 12/2/15. I keep calling my doc to ask if this is normal first she tell me, give it 3 months now she is telling me give it 5. I would much rather get an iud a try because this bleeding is not working for me. My husband and I have not been intimate for over 5 months now. That is not what I intended when I got it inserted. I would not recommend this to anyone."
"GP prescribed tablets as immobile with osteoarthritis and 29 kg overweight. Started 3 days ago  with 1 tablet before evening meal as didn&#039;t want an embarrassing moment at work! Haven&#039;t lost any ounces but know its early days and will go to two tabs today as weekend. Will say that my appetite seems suppressed so thats good and noticed have had a little stomach ache but not a pain! Yes the flatulence is happening but am really watching my diet of low fats and haven&#039;t had choc for 3 days!! Am drinking more water with a slice of lemon in it to jazz it up! Wish everyone well and lighter here! Will update when I&#039;ve lost some kgs!"
"Did not help, Was on it for several months. If anything, it made my irritability worse and my temper shorter."
"I had a total hysterectomy. This was the best and most natural of anything I have used. I&#039;ve tried creams, pills,bcompound pharmacies. This works the best"
"Well, I&#039;ve been on the 5g daily tube of Testim for a week now, and I&#039;m beginning to wonder when/if I&#039;ll see an impact. The Doctor didn&#039;t share my T number, except to comment that it was low. The pharmacist didn&#039;t have a lot of instruction on how to use it, except to rub it into my forearm...WRONG: Shoulders, according to a DVD mini disk that I found...very helpful.  I&#039;m not sure what the value of washing off the gel or showering after two hours is. I DO smell it initially, and have read all the warnings to keep it off others, women, kids, towels, etc... but why would I want to wash off the medicine?  It may just be my imagination, but I find I am thinking of sex more (fantasizing) but have not touched my wife since starting this yet."
"Cymbalta saved me.  I was in a state of constant recurring anxiety with many physical symptoms such as vomiting every morning, shaking, and over feeling of panic and disassociation.  My thoughts were swirling (due to a very stressful situation) almost constantly.  I started on 30mg and noticed an improvement within 2 weeks.  I still had some anxiety in the mornings so my dose was increased to 60 mg.  I have 0 anxiety now and am able to more calmly and clearly work through stressful or worrisome situations.  I had very great reservations about any kind of medication and only decided to try because I had no options.  It has been a godsend for me and I have had zero side effects.  Don&#039;t rule it out, it may save your life."
"I was on Ortho Tri for 4 years but was starting to have some breakthrough bleeding issues with it so my doctor put me on Yaz. I&#039;m a broke Graduate student so I went on Gianvi instead. I keep seeing all these negative reviews on here about it, but I LOVE Gianvi. My acne has almost gone away and my cramps have lessened. I did, however, have some issues adjusting to a 4 day period instead of a week long one, but after a few months that straightened out. I love Gianvi and have been on it for 6 months without issue."
"For spinal cord injury&#039;s this is a life saver. I have a permanent catheter so paralyzing the bladder is not a problem, which seems to be the most frequent complaint. If they could paralyze it permanently, I&#039;d sign up. If you suffer from leakage or involuntary urination and have a permanent catheter, try it.  You won&#039;t be disappointed. I have it done twice annually for the past 10 years. My only issue are the large blood clots that can clog my catheter a few days after, but a small price to pay."
"I have been on Gilenya for 6 weeks with no side effects and thought it was wonderful.  Until, the other day I had aches and pains progressively getting worse throughout the day. The next day I was in bed with a severe headache, body aches, and my lips were swollen.  I have noticed spots on my lower legs, like mosquito bites, which do not itch at all, but feel like an intense bruise when touched.  My GP gave me Prednisone and told me to call my neurologist and stop the Gilenya. I made my appointment today."
"I&#039;ve been taking citalopram for about a month now and overall it has worked really well on my anxiety, but at first I used to have severe stomach pains. Then about two weeks after starting it I experienced a severe anxiety attack then I guess the medicine started to &quot;mellow_out&quot; and it worked really well. Then I started having these terrible headaches like none I&#039;ve experienced in my whole life, and the bright lighting in my work place doesn&#039;t seem to help much but for the better part of my day I am &quot;super-calm&quot;. I guess that when you take this medicine you have to ask yourself does the end justify the means. It did what it was supposed to do, just every now and again I have a bad headache."
"This is my second time having the Mirena. I got one after my first child and it was PERFECT! I had no problems and only spotted every couple of months if that. I had no pain whatsoever when it was inserted. I got it removed after a year because we decided to have another child. This time around is kind of different. I go in for my check up in 2 days and they may have to remove it because I&#039;m bleeding non stop, cramp everyday off and on to the point I cry and medicines wont take them way. I have mild mood swings nothing major. I haven&#039;t been able to feel the strings either. BUT I would recommend this to every woman because not everyone has a trouble with it. It&#039;s a good form of birth control and it works."
"I have only had 1 cold sore in my life prior to this experience. It was awful. Like, burry your head in the sand for 10 days, turning peoples stomach awful. This week I noticed one beginning and decided to spend the $22 to try and prevent THAT mess again. SOOOO worth it. By the second day I could feel the cream really doing it&#039;s job and now, on day three, it&#039;s basically gone. THREE DAYS! It never even blistered. No one realized I even had a cold sore. Worth $100 if it works this well every time! Thanks GSK for a medicine that truly does what it advertises!"
"I had started to read all these reviews just minutes after popping two 5mg of Dulcolax, needless to say I started to freak out and attempted to force myself to throw up without avail.

Took two pills at 9pm, had a very uneasy night because of gasses. By 4:30am I was up with mild cramps and the urge to go, managed to have a bowel movement with a few minutes on the toilet, woke up again at 5:45am for another bowel movement which was slightly watery. Managed to rest until 6:30am and still have the urge to go.

I must say I had minimal discomfort in comparison to all the horrid reviews on here, I was expecting hell. Maybe something to take note of is the amount of water to drink with this tablet, make sure you have at least 2 glasses of water."
"I use this as needed for limited symptom panic attacks. I take 0.5 mg and every so often I take an extra half two, three, four times a week.

It&#039;s a wonder drug - although I&#039;m sure you could get dependent if you took them every day."
"Unfortunately, this did not work for me, I didnt see my sugar levels go down and it also caused mega itch for me as well, so I stopped using within the first week or two.  Dr. tried me on Glimepiride now, but I havent seen much change also yet, and I possibly have gained from it.   Not sure what to try next, he suggested Januvia or Byetta, which are supposed to be expensive.  Not sure what I can do if anything.  Insulin does not help with weight loss and I do not want to gain ."
"I have been using Xulane for some time now.  Over a year I think.  Before that I used the Ortho patch.  I loved the smaller size of the generic brand and up until the last 2 months I had not had any issue.  Suddenly it&#039;s not been sticking like it use to and it&#039;s causing a rash like a chemical burn and the itching is present.   I thought last month&#039;s could have been a bad batch but after I moved locations (I use to move from hip to hip) to ensure I hadn&#039;t irritated my skin,  I am wondering if they changed a filler or adhesive."
"I started taking this after being on lo loestrin fe for a year. I have incredibly painful periods and wanted some relief... However, after starting this birth control I have gained about 7-10 pounds and gone up a couple clothes sizes. NONE of my clothes fit and my breasts have gone up a cup size. On my small frame, the weight gain is significant!! It looks like I am 4 months pregnant, and considering I have been on this pill for 3 months and not gotten my period, I&#039;ve been freaking out. Pregnancy tests say I&#039;m all clear, but I am having all the negative pregnancy symptoms. I also have had decreased sex drive and it is causing strain in my relationship... I&#039;m getting off this pill and never looking back!!"
"Oh my hot vagina!!!! This stuff is awful!! Will never use this again, would rather deal with a YI, than the excruciating pain Monistat 1 gave me. I would give it a 0 if I could. I used the tablet, 10 minutes in and my vagina was on fire"
"had the mirena put in 7 days ago.  I am 46 years old, didnt want to get my periods anymore, no children.  My utererus falls backward so had a general anaesthetic to have it inserted.  So far, continual cramps, period pain tablets ease this, 5 days in the spotting has started.  Often get pain in left side.  Reading all comments, it will be intersting to see if the cramps and bloating go in a couple of weeks and how long the spotting will stay - i will stick it out for a couple of months."
"When i first started taking this medication when off work it pulled me out of my anxious depressed episode but it came back once i started working again.  I find it helps with anxiety a bit at 300mg but feel drugged sort of depressed may not be the medication.  and still feel i am not coping.  Australian government subsidises all medication with or without insurance."
"Very good. A little drowsiness after panic subsides, though I&#039;m not sure if this is due to a physiological response to subsiding high levels of hormones associated with fight/flight response (e.g., cortisol and adrenaline) involved in panic attacks."
"I&#039;ve had recurring yeast infections for years.  I&#039;ve taken antibiotics and used miconazole the generic brand for monistat 7. No issues until I actually purchase the brand name monistat 7 which did cause a mild tingling so I washed it out very uncomfortable"
"Age 22. I have no doubt Nexplanon works as birth control. The only downside for me was the side effects. I got it inserted a few days after my cycle. I noticed my next cycle came a little earlier. I&#039;ve had it for about 8 months. My cycles are so close together its really difficult to tell when one has ended and a new one has started. I usually don&#039;t bleed heavy, just every now and then but it has been a constant flow. It gets really annoying always being on my period. I thought it would end soon. I&#039;m also a lot moodier and get depressed a lot. I&#039;m having it removed, its just not for me."
"I&#039;ve been using Xiidra for 2 months.  It began working immediately.  It burned a little on initial use, but that has subsided.  I do have blurry vision for aprox 15/20 minutes and sometimes watery eyes lasting longer.  I also had inflammation in my eyes and blepharitis.  I clean my eyes every nite with baby shampoo.  The inflammation has cleared up.  I also use lubricating drops during the day, which were not enough before I started on Xiidra.  My eye Dr. told me about the burning, itching and bad taste which does not affect me bad enough to worry about it.  I think it&#039;s worth trying this medicine, don&#039;t give up right away as some of these side effects go away with use."
"I have chronic insomnia, have had for years. I think Klonopin does a good job for primary insomnia, I take 2 mg an hour before bed."
"I&#039;ve been taking lexapro 10mg since Jan. It has helped with my depression. But I started feeling down an anxious. So I asked for my dose to go up. I&#039;m now on 20mg. I can feel the difference. I do take clonazepam for when feel my anxiety kicks in. However I&#039;ve come down feeling very sick since starting the 20mg like I did when I started the 10mg. Not a very great side affect. I also get very sleepy so I do have to take it at bedtime. Dreams seem very real. Scary real. Hopefully I don&#039;t have to be on very long when my vitamin d goes up to its normal levels."
"As I sit here after my procedure, I can give an honest and complete review.  First, the taste.  I was a bit shocked by the salty taste.  It&#039;s not expected since it smells very sweet like candy cherries.  I just  chugged down the bottle plus water mix.  I immediately downed another 16 oz of water to get the taste out of my mouth.  Knowing I had to drink another 16 oz within an hour I could relax and let some of the first 32 oz drain from my stomach.  20 minutes later, all liquid in.   Just shy of two hours  later it was go time. All in all, it was equal to a bout of the stomach flu without the body aches.  Very survivable and uneventful. Second dose, you know how bad it tastes and you are already empty, so it&#039;s faster.  Have fun."
"I switched from Zoloft due to the sexual side effects. I have tried almost every antidepressant medicine out there with little or no success. The first few weeks I was on it I had horrible dreams. I would wake up in the middle of the night and couldn&#039;t go back to sleep. Crying all the time. I have been on it now for about 5 or 6 weeks and am agitated very easily, dizzy, can&#039;t concentrate and my mind is constantly racing. I was trying to give it a full 8 weeks but I can not stand to be around myself. I feel sorry for everyone else. Viibryd is not the medicine for me. I had very high hopes of this medicine."
"I just started taking 10mg Celexa the evening of Jan 14, took another one same time next night. Next morning I was miserably sick. Nausea, more wretching than vomiting, weak, headachey, all over sick feeling... This was like (but this time much worse) the reaction I had when I started Prozac. Dr. agreed that my first bad reaction WAS to the Prozac, called yesterday and said I won&#039;t take more Celexa. I am done with SSRI&#039;s. I am wondering if anyone else has had this same reaction..."
"Such bad sweating/leaking from armpits that thought I would give it a try. No prescrip required in Canada. Picked up the extra strength and used three nights in a row. Stopped my sweating 100 % immed after three nights.  Last 2 mths before I had to use it again. I now add an extra night every couple of weeks and no sweat from pits for over a year.   Yes, it can itch but remember to dab not smear it on.  More doesn&#039;t work any better and almost no itch on my 2 week applications due to using less.   Short term pain for long term gain"
"It&#039;s the goal opposite of what I was told and it relates to my mood.  I was told I world have energy and talk a lot. I have NO ENERGY, DON&#039;T want to TALK at all.  No irritability at all just don&#039;t want to talk.  It does curb my appetite. I&#039;m probably dehydrated because I have constant dry mouth and have no desire for liquids."
"Great pain relief after abdominal surgery"
"This is the best medicine that I&#039;ve ever been on for depression. I still have some symptoms but I&#039;ve seen a huge improvement in my happiness and social life since I started taking it."
"I am currently battling mesenchymal chondrosarcoma. It originated in my right thigh 2008, had the tumor removed, was cancer free for 3 years then was diagnosed last year with it again, with 5 tumors this time which had spread in my pelvic area, right lung and right armpit (July 2012). I&#039;ve tried a few chemo therapy treatments and during that time frame, the tumors grew plus one new one appeared. In August 2012 I was placed on Votrient (800 mg), the tumors stopped growing and have been stable ever since. My last scan was June 11, 2013 and all 6 tumors are still holding stable and have shown some shrinkage. The side effects come and go, I am experiencing more muscle pain throughout my body and still some nausea, but that&#039;s easily controlled."
"I&#039;ve been 4 months on this drug and it wiped out my depression. It started to work after 1 week of usage. I gained 14 Kgs and a little bit manic (but supressed by depakote). I love this abilify it saved my life"
"I got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes back in October and the doctor immediately put me on Victoza, well here we are in December and she is changing me to Byetta because the Victoza quit working..
Hoping I have better long lasting results this time."
"I felt like utter crap the next day, after taking this drug.  This experience was repeated until I threw it out.  It may work for some, but it definitely made me feel awful the next day, as if I had zero energy, depersonalized, like a zombie - just out of it.  I could tell it definitely worked on some part of the brain that affects alertness."
"Great product I have been on other drugs that gave me back side effects-rash, itching, dry mouth, constipation, headache, dizziness, back pain, etc. I urinate on average 20-40 times a day every approx 15-20 minutes, after using the patch I went as long as 2 hours without using restroom. my skin is irritated and red but better than spending my whole day in the bathroom. I cant believe my doctor didn&#039;t put me on this over the counter drug first before spending hundreds of dollars on prescription medications. I have suffered for over 30 yrs with the issue of urgency and frequency this is a miracle for me.  Praise the LORD"
"I started using this topical medicine a few weeks ago. Within the first 7-14 days, my skin was a bit dry, and peeled a little bit. This is just the medicine beginning to work, and exfoliating any dead skin cells. However, after about 2-3 weeks, I started to see a huge improvement in my skin. Before using, I had moderate acne, and now I would classify it as light. Make sure you use this medicine at night, and wash it off in the morning. Also, after you put the medicine on your face at night, put a moisturizer on your face (preferably Cetaphil or CeraVe). During the day, do not expose yourself to prolonged sunshine as the affected areas will get red and feel greasy (not a pleasant look and feeling). This is a great medicine, but give it time."
"Lexapro is a miracle for me. Irrational anxiety is 95% gone."
"I can&#039;t speak on how well this birth control is long term because I literally just got it placed yesterday. But I wanted to write a review on the placement because I read some of these beforehand and the horror stories almost scared me out of it. IT WAS NOT TERRIBLE AT ALL and I do not take pain well. Of course, everyone has their own pain threshold and different bodies. It also really depends on when in your cycle you get it done. I got it done about 5 days after ending my period. My doctor said my cervix was in perfect condition for the procedure as it was slightly open and &quot;paper thin&quot;. It did hurt but the pain lasted for 5 seconds and was not sharp but like a really strong cramp. And now I&#039;m 3 years baby free! Well worth it."
"It feels slightly more effective than Prozac. I was slightly nauseous for about 24 hours after my first dose. In my opinion, the only downside to Trintellix is the price."
"I only started using differin a week ago. It has made my skin very red like in the first 3 days I got a red rash-like thing below my lips and on my cheeks and it burns. It also has made around my eyes very dry. I am going to start using it every second day for my skin to get used to it but I really hope that it will work. Just give it time people and don&#039;t over use or get worried if your skin becomes red because that is a side effect if you have sensitive skin."
"Suffered anxiety for years - rushing thoughts - always tense. Had psycho therapy for a while and although it cleared up a lot of things the anxiety persisted including OCDing over thoughts.

Now after six years on day 4 of this stuff and I feel I got my life back. I feel like me again - no rushing thoughts and i can handle stress much better. So happy !!"
"Palladone is a very effective medicine for pain control. My wife has MS and severe back pain from early arthritis, and one pill a day controls it just fine. Without it she is in constant pain and can barely function. With it she can perform many necessary tasks such as bathing, etc. "
"The burning from the medicine was worse than the actual yeast infection! I laid down almost almost immediately and my baby sister kept asking me what was wrong with such concern. This is my first YI, I&#039;m eighteen, and I have to say this is one of the worst experiences of my life. I&#039;ve only done one night and I never wanna do it again, but I&#039;m gonna tough it out though"
"I had this inserted February 2015. Two weeks later my period began. there has not been a single day where I haven&#039;t bled. (it is now June 2015) I&#039;ve never really had an issue with acne, I&#039;m now breaking out constantly. Constantly irritated aren&#039;t even the words. I always feel on edge and ready to punch someone. My sex drive is non existent. Sure this thing works great at preventing me from becoming pregnant. Because I bleed profusely every day of my life and sex doesn&#039;t even cross my mind. Before this my periods were normal flow, maybe a few days long. I cannot even afford to keep buying all these feminine products. My dr keeps trying to get me to wait it out but I want it removed ASAP"
"I am 21 year&#039;s old- this medication is not just for young children- it has taken away the side-effects of my ADHD medication. The only side-effect I was aware of was auditory! When I took the 1st 1mg pill, my hearing was heightened and exhaustive (sounds dragged out) for an hour or so. When I increased to 2mg the same thing happened: a noticeable difference in my hearing for just a short hour or so. My doctor prescribed this to me when the side-effects of Concerta did not leave me; I had anxiety that was clearly not situational but from the drop-off of Concerta in the middle of the day as it is not a steady released medicine but a ADHD medication that releases a dose twice."
"Monistat 7 Night 2: Felt better during the day but not 5 minutes after insertion it&#039;s as if a swarm of Mosquitos and a family of chiggers decided to break bread within my vagina but were subsequently removed by an invasion of fire ants who are drunk off Fireball and like to play with matches. I&#039;m afraid to move with disrupting the fire ants. They&#039;re an aggressive breed."
"Do not use this product!  I had/have all the same negative symptoms listed below by others.  In addition, I had massive migraine headaches, sore throat, runny nose, stomach issues, itching in areas I did not use the product, acne, dry eyes and a sty.  I reported these issues to the FDA and highly suggest you do the same.  They will re-evaluate the product if they have enough reports"
"This is the same as the other one with electrolyte listed but its nasty; to drink a gallon is horrendous. They need to make a better tasting type of drink or flavor pack or something. I have been suffering from constipation for years and to drink this prior to my test tomorrow is just beyond me. It&#039;s been since 9:30 am and I&#039;m still drinking it. The doctors said if you get nauseous etc etc drink it slower and it will still do the job."
"Hi, I just thought that I&#039;d add this comment for you. I have recently been diagnosed with fibromyalgia, hepatitis, and lupus. But before my diagnoses, with no insurance, I went to the hospital when I couldn&#039;t take the pain anymore and was prescribed Ultram 50mg 2x a day. At first I took 1 and then another and so on until I reached six in a 4 hour period. When it finally started working it hit me like a ton of bricks. Needless to say I was pain free. So my advise is start with 2 and wait, it just not an instant relief like codeine. Unfortunately your body does become immune to its effects within abut 3 months. Now I am taking 4 roxicodone a day and also adjusting to that quickly too. Good luck to all of you."
"Prior to starting med school, I was having numerous panic attacks. Over time they intensified, getting worse by the day.  I seriously thought that the social life was just done for me. I used to try and stay close to hospitals in case something bad happened to me. I worried excessively about my health (in which I&#039;m completely healthy). I constantly went to emergency rooms to see doctors for having panic aftacks (heart beating fast, shaking, feeling of &quot;lost in the world&quot; and scared). I tried so many anti depressants and anti anxiety meds. They either made me too sleepy, headaches, or didn&#039;t work at all. ATIVAN has been EXCELLENT! No Side effects ! Works perfect! Psych docs hate the drug! But it works!"
"Retin-A truly did a 360 on my skin. I have mild to moderate breakouts with terrible hormonal flare ups. Hence when I first tried Retin-A over a year ago, it only worked for a short while and then I discovered I was expecting and had to stop using it. Glowing during pregnancy led to return of the bumps around my chin and forehead postpartum. Now I&#039;m back on 0.025% and am in love with my skin again. Smooth, healthy, and rosy looking even when that time comes. It started working immediately. I skip every third night to keep from over drying and desensitizing. Goodluck all."
"So I was given this for a UTI and my experience on this pill was absolutely horrible. I could only make it to the fourth day of my seven day dosage and I couldn&#039;t even make it. Not too sure why I was prescribed this in the first place, but this pill has made me feel TERRIBLE. Headaches, chest pain, anxiety, my heart beat is all over the place. I felt very weak and was having the feeling of shortness of breath. I stopped taking it last night and I am still having side effects from it, I hope they go away soon. Not only that but just knowing that this medication is known to cause cancer in labratory animals makes me feel nauseous in general. All around a terrible experience that gave me no relief at all what so ever."
"Today was my first shot and feel pretty damn good no side effects yet. Guessing no sleep issues as I went home and took a nice nap. I hope this drug is what lots of people say. The hardest part as everyone knows is getting to this shot. Started 10 yrs ago or more can&#039;t remember anymore with pills and then eventually to sniffing a ton of H every day. I nodded out in a car and almost killed someone which still didn&#039;t stop me. Only the potential loss of my kids and family support got me here. So far so good. If I can do this anyone can so please try. Your life is worth it. So amazed at how clear things are becoming only a month sober!"
"does absolutely nothing. I took 2, then 2 more a few hours later"
"I took this drug for about 5 days as directed, for low back arthritis -- I became despondant about my life -- and did not immediately connect this feeling to meloxicam.  When I got to thinking about it I checked the side effects, and the oddly specific and very accurate &quot;discouragement&quot; was a side effect.

I&#039;m a tough kid, oilfield worker, long time rugby player etc -- and I&#039;m not kidding when I tell you there was a three day period there where I honestly felt like I was an inch from crying -- and I probably would have been crying if I just wasn&#039;t so tired of life, and going nowhere etc (mind you, this was during the oil boom, so I was doing great).

I removed myself from the med, and started to be my old sunny self within a day or 2"
"Was forced to use Testim gel as my new insurance would not cover Fortesta or Androgel. This stuff is disgusting. NEVER completely dries...If I apply in the morning, even after an hour wait, my shirt sticks to me like glue. If I apply at night, MY SHEETS STICK TO ME. Smells terrible, extremely difficult to apply (comes in small metal tubes and nearly impossible to get it all out) and worst of all, did not raise my testosterone levels significantly. I dreaded applying this."
"Extreme diarrhea with no warning, very rancid and loud belching with no warning, headaches, joint pain, chills, fevers sometimes, weight gain"
"I&#039;ve had great results with this medication. I tried Differin prior to this and it did nothing for me. This medication cleared my skin up in a week, and has kept my acne at bay ever since. Only negative is that it does burn at some points (I do NOT have sensitive skin)."
"I have tried just about every medicine for bipolar I that is known to man, and none have been effective for me. Was keeping my fingers crossed that Vraylar would be the one that would offer some relief but it proved to be yet another dud. I took this medicine at 2:00 p.m. and at 4:00 p.m. I could barely keep my eyes open anymore. I then proceeded to sleep for 24 hours, waking up only once or twice for about 5 minutes to go to the bathroom! When I finally did wake-up the next afternoon I was extremely sedated and I had the typical zombified feeling that comes along with taking an anti-psychotic. Not to mention, I was on the lowest dose of 1.5 mg. I would hate to see what 3 or 6 mg would have done to me."
"I was given these whilst in hospital as although I&#039;ve had low pressure headaches the consultant decided it now have migraines?! .. so I mentioned to them I have bad anxiety especially when it comes to my health and any feelings within myself that I&#039;m not ready for can make me panic. So they gave me the tablets, said to take one at home and I cannot explain the feelings I felt almost immediately after taking it -- my face started tingling around my nose and cheeks- my hands tingled, my throat was tight, my heart didn&#039;t feel right and my head felt almost numb. I wanted to be sick and I felt shakey... did I have any migraine? NO, but I would rather have a headache than experience all of those feelings. I wasn&#039;t informed of them!"
"I was prescribed Topamax for chronic migraines 25mg 2xday for 5 days and then 50mg 2xday. Within 2 days, I had no pain at all, a more &quot;stable&quot; appetite with no carbohydrates/sweet cravings, and I had a lot more energy. The only side effects so far were frequent urination, mild leg pain/numbness, and eye sensitivity. By the third day, my eyes were so sensitive, I was constantly squinting and felt like I needed to wear sunglasses indoors. My vision has always been great and now I was having a hard time seeing clearly. In all the reviews I had seen, I never read about anyone having vision problems after taking this. I just want people to be aware of this happening. It did work wonders for my migraines."
"I have been taking Ranexa twice a day for 1 1/2 years as l have Prinzemetal Angina. I am unable to function without it. I also find the following tablets very effective Adalat and Dipen which widen my arteries. I getting swelling so l take Lasix for that."
"I just got the nexplanon implant on the 15th of February. I&#039;m not sure if my period is on. I&#039;m 8 weeks post partum. My bleeding stopped once I got the implant but then a couple days later it came back. I&#039;m not cramping or bloated like a period my bleeding went from medium light to heavy real quick. I&#039;ll definitely talk to my doctor about it. Only 2 weeks in with this implant and I feel good. No mood swings or nothing. I haven&#039;t even been feeling depressed and I&#039;m diagnosed with depression. Hopefully I don&#039;t have any troubles with this. Everyone  body&#039;s  reacts differently."
"My pee is obviously orange. I wore panty liners to prevent staining. Relieved the urgency and burning sensation however after my second dose on both dose I had excruciating episodes of kidney pain. Like instantly dropping to the floor, Not being able to do anything but cry for five to ten minutes until it was over. Nausea and hot flashes also. It served it&#039;s purpose but was definitely uncomfortable."
"I wrote a former review on this medication a while back. I want to re-edit my review with a new one thats founded upon newer trials. 

I took the medication, how my doctor told me to (* not how it was perscribed on the bottle *). He said, take this 1x daily (* 30mg *) when you have work or school. Well, having ADHD-PI I need to take this DAILY - meaning everyday. Without it, I&#039;m a mess. I can&#039;t focus on social conversations (* I always feel like I&#039;m &quot;lost in translation&quot; *)

With this medication, I am confident I can pursue my studies at college - without experiencing defeat, and hold down a job and friendships. I may not be my wacky spontaneous self when I&#039;m on it but it&#039;s worth it I guess."
"I have had the birth control for 4 years now in the first 3 years I was fine. Ever since I got it replaced after the 3rd year I just cant take it anymore. I just like the side affects of it I&#039;m always tired at work which is bad because I tend to fall asleep without even knowing it. I have no energy all I really want to do is stay in the bed and sleep. I&#039;ve even slept a whole day literally only got up to eat and went back to sleep. When my period comes my back hurts really bad and I get really bad cramps. I have mood swings all the time. I cry unexpectedly I feel very depressed I sit in the dark at my house every day. Don&#039;t get me wrong this birth control works really good but the side effects for me are becoming to extreme."
"This medicine is great it allows me to be able to function and work an entire 8 hour shift. I also love the fact that it does not give me any side effects. It has really changed my life."
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor XR for almost a decade.  The withdrawal symptoms have prevented me from stopping it.  Every attempt in the past to change/stop the medicine has landed me in the hospital.  I am now taking the generic due to the cost, I can&#039;t see any difference.  I consider it my happy pill and have to take it every day or I experience uncomfortable side effects."
"I&#039;ve taken paxil 10mg for almost a week now &amp; I absolutely CAN NOT stop craving food. I just want to eat eat eat and i cant stop. I will definitely be talking to my doctor about this side effect and try to get a different medication."
"06/08/2015
I will be 42 this August and I have been a smoker since 18 and I have never tried to quit because I know that its not even possible.  I smoked 30 a day and I thought I cannot live without it until I tried Chantix.  I was smoking the first 7 days while taking chantix.  By 3rd day the nicotine was not reaching to my brains and I was getting little frustrated.  Well, isn&#039;t that what it was supposed to do.  Its been a month now and I have not been smoking at all.  I thank Pfizer for this drug.

Side Effects:  Nausea within half hour of taking the pill, but it clears away
                     Made me very hungry especially in the morning
                     Put on 12lbs in 5 days
  Started having blood in my stool on day 30 and I qui"
"I have been taking Prozac 20 mg for about a month.  I went through a divorce last year, which was stressful, and still is.  I was staying stressed out, cried a lot, had a negative attitude, and wasn&#039;t sleeping.  I went to my doctor and she prescribed Prozac to take every morning and Ambien, which is only has needed.  It took about 7-10 days, but I can tell a difference.  I don&#039;t feel all stressed out anymore, I handle problems and situations better.  I haven&#039;t cried at all since taking it, not sure how I feel about that.  I just kinda feel like I&#039;m on an even-keel, so to speak.  Haven&#039;t had any real side effects from the Prozac.  I like taking it, and will probably stay on it for a while."
"I frequently have profound pain and spasms in the recto-sigmoid rectum, as well as the bladder and urethra, all due to the inflammation throughout my entire digestive system. Worst in the esophagus and the sites noted above.

My doctor prescribed this medicine since systemic narcotics caused too many side effects and too little relief of pain in the regions noted. The only side-effects were, finally, an ability to sleep, the cessation of nearly-unbearable pain, and ability to urinate.

My problem, now, is the drug having been removed from the formulary for Medicare Part D drugs, and the apparent lack of availability of the medication, even if I could pay for it myself."
"I&#039;ve been using Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo for the last two years. I absolutely love the pill; it got rid of my acne and I never experienced negative side effects. That being said, I can&#039;t say the same for Tri Lo Sprintec.

Recently, my insurance only covers Sprintec. My doc switched me and assured me it&#039;s the same exact pill. 
I&#039;ve been using it for a week. I&#039;m beginning to break out on my face, which I could live with. What I can&#039;t live with is the relentless and extremely painful abdominal cramps and bloating I&#039;m experiencing.

These are the worst cramps I&#039;ve had in my entire life.

After doing research, I&#039;ve found many women share a similar experience with myself. Also, Ortho and Sprintec aren&#039;t exactly the same. So, beware of switching to it."
"First day was bad, loose stool second day  the second week was fine and by the time I got to 40mg it was magic. I&#039;ll take it forever if I can feel normal like this. I was a little more tired than normal for the 20mg and first 40 mg week."
"After 20 years of seeing psychiatrists, I was finally correctly diagnosed with ADD. My life completely normalized soon after starting this drug. I took every antidepressant known to man with no results. If you change jobs, friends, wives, more often than your motor oil, ADD may be your issue too. I have suffered with this for 49 years now I feel like what I assumed normal people feel like. I thank my lucky stars every day for this wonder drug. Only reason I rated a 9  was because of the dry mouth it gives me, but a small price to pay for the benefits received."
"Took about a month to kick in but man it&#039;s been awesome. I tried several other things like Wellbutrin, Prozac and Cymbalta and they all either did absolutely nothing or made me feel worse. 
Was on Paxil for years and it worked great originally then stopped working all together. Wish I had been on Pristiq years ago. One of the best things about it is the energy it gives me. It definitely is mood lifting. Before Pristiq I couldn&#039;t wake up in he morning..now I pop up out of bed at 5am ready to go everyday..even on the weekend!"
"I&#039;m returning to Buspar after seven years off. Started having chronic anxiety attacks again after my wife&#039;s hysterectomy. Wish I could remember my old dosage. I tend to be drug sensitive and the 30 mg. dosage made me fuzzy. The PA that did this script was a little overzealous.

Doing well on just the 15 mg. even if it is a self-adjusted dosage. After a few weeks I can have a talk with our MD and he&#039;ll probably leave it at 15 or 20."
"I was admitted to hospital for an asthma attack. Had never taken any kind of breathing medication before, even though I&#039;d had trouble with breathing (shortness of breath, tight chest, can&#039;t take deep breaths) for a while. I was given Ventolin. I didn&#039;t respond to the first few puffs through the inhaler and chamber spacer, so they gave me burst therapy, which involved taking 4-5 puffs every 20 minutes for 2 hours. After the first 40 minutes, I was shaking like crazy, couldn&#039;t sit still. This shaking persisted until I went to sleep that night. The ventolin inhaler they gave me DOESN&#039;T help - only a very large dose of ventolin seems to ease the symptoms. Overall, good in high doses for severe asthma but comes with side effects."
"I started depo September 23rd 2016  I recently got my 3rd shot March 23rd. Mood swings are awful and I constantly have brown discharge or it will disappear and look normal and then bam bleeding out of nowhere like a gush and today its dark with small clots. I don&#039;t know what to do guys my boyfriend doesn&#039;t like blood so our sex life hasn&#039;t been the usual 4 days a week its more like 2 days every 2 weeks. Its kind of became a burden. Like most of you I have a hard time remembering to take pills so a shot every three months on the 23rd (I started depo the day I got my period) I used to bleed heavily on my periods to the point where I had to wear overnight pads for the first 4 days of it. Now honestly I regret ever being on depo."
"Effexor XR is the ONLY anti-depressant I can take. It works so well, and honestly saves my life. It makes me a happier, nicer person. I couldn&#039;t function without this medication."
"This stuff did not work at all!!!  :(
I needed sleep due to coughing all night and all this did was keep me wide awake."
"I have been on Ovcon 35 continuously for over 9 years. I&#039;ve used the generic forms and found no difference. This pill gave me back a normal life after yrs of suffering from endometriosis pain."
"I started Bystolic in October of 2011 after using 5 other medicines over the past 2 1/2 years with drastic side effects and little relief. I was on Cardizem for a week when they switched me to a months samples of 5 mg Bystolic. It was the answer I had hoped for. BP was normal level, no palpitations. About week 3, they started. The side effects. The first was swelling in the legs, ankles and hands. Then came the headaches, joint pains and difficulty breathing. By week 4 my BP rose again, the palpitations began again and the side effects worsened. I went back to atenolol figuring that if I was going to have palpitations, the side effects were less painful than the discomfort of the palpitations."
"I have only been on Lexapro for 2 weeks now for my anxiety and depression. I also have a temper problem, the medicine so far helped my anxiety and got me more active but my anger has got worse. Maybe it&#039;s too soon to say if this medicine will help that. But overall I&#039;m starting to like not having the anxious feeling anymore."
"I went back to my dermatologist because of hormonal acne.

I currently was only using clear and clear benzoyl peroxide (5%) and aveno moisturizer (with .5% salicylic acid). I have a lot of under the skin deep rooted pimples under my chin that have been here for over 3 years. The dermatologist I went to said the aczone would help with my deep rooted hormonal acne. He told me to apply a small pea size amount over my entire face. He took me off my clean and clear face wash which was actually keeping my acne at bay... I honestly am so disgusted by Aczone. It made me break out into huge pimples on the side of my face where I never had pimples before - EVER. I am still breaking out on the sides of my face! Was on this product for 4 months...!"
"I have suffered from RLS for about 10 years, and taking Requip . About a year ago it started being ineffective. My Dr doubled the dose to 4mg, I now have developed a compulsion to gambling. Yes it is a known side effect! Can&#039;t believe a drug can change your natural way of thinking but it does. Talked to Dr today and I have to slowly wean off of it. Now I have to take every other day for 2 weeks then will try a different drug. I guess you really need to read the side effects and then consider them. Now I just hope I can sleep the night I won&#039;t be taking it."
"Lexapro saved my life and all of those around me.  I would be proud to be a poster child for this medicine.  Work issues had pushed me to the point of near suicide, crying, not being able to sleep through the night.  Doctor started me out at 5 mg and wanted me to go to 10 mg, but didn&#039;t have to. 5mg did the trick.  At least I know I can up it if I need to, but right now I am doing great!"
"Hello everyone I&#039;ve read all the reviews and I&#039;m so glad too see that this product is loved by so many like me. I&#039;ve been on these pills before and they do work. I just started back Jan 4 weighing in at 207 Dr gave me a goal weight of 199 by next visit and I&#039;m 5&quot;6 ... I beat myself up because I have a hard time making it to the gym but I&#039;ve changed my eating habits. I love that it gives me so much energy I have no problems waking up in the morning .. Herbal Life also works amazingly with these pills. I would drink shake while at work and eat regular meal with my family. I&#039;ve never taken them consistently for a whole month but this month I&#039;m determined to. I&#039;m so excited and can&#039;t wait to drop this weight my overall weight goal is 185"
"My son has been taking intuniv for 3 years now and has shown major improvements. The prior medications were causing my son to have tics and violent outbursts. This medication helps him more with concentration and focus but when that is under control i notice the hyper activity is more tolerable. My sons grades improved drastically and i no longer receive phone calls from his school and teachers (this was a weekly if not daily occurence)."
"27,  I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression about 18 months ago. My doctor started me on 50mg of sertraline and it had no effect so bumped me up to 100mg and I absolutely hated life!  My panic attacks worsened my mood was unbearble, I always felt tired and nauseous which all affected my ability to work. I had enough so I stopped but then needed to go back to the doctor to try a different medication which he prescribed me pristiq. I feel absolutely amazing!  My anxiety has gone and the depression side of things is a thing of the past! I have been nauseas once or twice since being on it (3 months) but that is nothing compared to the other medication I was on :)"
"I&#039;ve been on yaz for about 3 months because of my severe acne. In the first two months my acne remained the same but my boobs increased in about a size and a half, which my doctor warned me about. It doesnt bother me as now my breast are fuller/ rounder however I have quite a few stretch marks. So I&#039;d recommend using bio oil on your chest and hips for the first few months on yaz just in case this happenes to you. At around month 3 my skin is not breaking out anywhere near as much. I&#039;m amazed by my skin, it&#039;s never been so good. Overall I have never been so happy with my skin and I haven&#039;t even finished my third month. I still feel it getting better every day. I have experienced no other side effects beside slight fatigue."
"Lithium is for Mania.  It is NOT a mood stabilizer.  Lamictal is an awesome mood stabilizer.  Anyway, Lithium has done wonders for me!  I feel calmer on it and not so spacey and think clearer.  The only thing that I do not like is the fear of it damaging my liver and/or kidney&#039;s.  I do blood work every 3 months to get my levels and make sure everything is ok. and he did lower me once because the lithium level had gotten too high.  Also, my hair is thinner and dryer since I started it.  Not fond of that either."
"This has been the first birth control method that I haven&#039;t had a poor reaction to.  My moods have been regular and I&#039;ve experience no abnormal bleeding.  My breast have gotten a bit larger which is nice, but they are somewhat sore. Also, I&#039;ve gotten a few stray pimples but nothing too concerning.  Overall this has been a great option for me and I would recommend it to anyone seeking a new form of birth control."
"This medicine has been great for me.  I do not feel any side effects.  I actually lost 25 pounds... I had been on lithium for 28 years."
"Thank you all for the heads up on %u2018taking the medication with food!%u2019 My bottle didn%u2019t come with that label and the Avelox along with the side-effects has been many and terrible on my stomach, head and body.  I am on day 9 of 15 day dose for sinusitis (and previously had pneumonia) %u2026and wasn%u2019t aware of the numerous side effects until now.  Was about to quit taking the med due to the long list of brutal adverse reactions, yet will implement the %u2018eat before taking%u2019 concept and hope to triumph through, as they have made a huge difference in my upper and lower respiratory issues.  And with any luck there will be no after affects of the side-effects!"
"Had a Thalamic Stroke, which left me with disturbed sensations on my right side.  10 years later, developed shingles on my right leg, which I thought were bug bites.  Within 3 days, I was in agony, after 8 weeks I was loosing functionality in the right leg.  Saw Orthopedist, Pain Specialist, and received the impression, that they thought I was a nut, or trying to get pain meds.
Finally went to a neurologist, who diagnosed TPS and Shingles nerve pain interacting. Within 24 hours of starting Lyrica the pain lessened, upping the dose a few weeks later and the pain was zilch.  I have started to regain function in the right leg, it&#039;s very slow but I can see it.  I have never felt such terrible pain, Lyrica was a true lifesaver."
"It is almost 5am. I took it last night at 8 ish for prep for my colonoscopy. I never ever have diarhea, but all this morning I&#039;ve been having diarheaa with a lot of blood in it non stop. This is the worst pain I&#039;ve ever been in and I felt like I was going to pass out. Never again. 

Female/18"
"This is my first pregnancy and have been in the hospital twice and I&#039;m only 8 weeks.  I have never been so sick in my entire life,  one day I vomited for 16 hours every 15.minutes. Finally this was prescribed to me and I started the night I was discharged and I have not even felt sick one bit. I was doing over the counter b6 and unisom but it did not seem to work for some reason.  This pill is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone else who is suffering as bad as I did."
"I used this for knee pain per my doctor recommendation.  I read the instructions and applied the medication.  It didn&#039;t relieve my pain, it caused more pain.  Severe burning, stinging pain. Even showering to wash the medication off was painful.  I had to use calamine lotion to counter the effects.  Perhaps my skin is more sensitive than others out there, but I would use caution with this medication."
"I take 100mgs of Elavil at night. It takes a couple of hours to kick in, but when it does,it is the most blissful sleep ever. I also take it for GAD and it has worked better than Xanex, Attivan or Klonopin. I am calm for the first time in a long, long time."
"I am 37 and never had acne until 7 months ago. Pimples on my jawline and forehead with acne scars started to wear  on my self esteem. I&#039;ve been using epiduo for 5 days and can already see an improvement. I purchased a mild facial wash, toner and moisturizer with spf 20 from Clinique to use while I&#039;m in treatment. No irritation or flaking or burning, just clearer skin and the scars are starting to fade already. I use my normal skin regimen in the am and the epiduo at night. I love this product."
"This is the third day and that&#039;s why I only rated it an 8.  I was hypomanic with extreme swings and I&#039;ve calmed down so much already."
"I&#039;m a 25 year old woman and I took Yasmin, back home (I&#039;m from Mexico), for six years and it was amazing. I recently got married and moved to the U.S. and switched to Aubra (given to me by Planned Parenthood). I&#039;ve been on Aubra for four months now and I absolutely hate it. I broke out like crazy, my mood swings are just incredible, PMS is horrible, my sex drive is gone and natural lubrication is a problem for me now. I never had any of this problems before and there&#039;s no way I&#039;m sticking to Aubra. Yes, it keeps me from getting pregnant, but the side effects are not worth it. I just got three boxes of Yasmin and I&#039;m waiting to finish my current Aubra box to switch back to Yasmin."
"I was on the Depo for over 9 months. Its a very great birth control because you only need to get it every three months. The only thing I hated was gaining weight. I was 120 pounds when i started. I now weigh 145 and I cant seem to control the weight. I never struggled with my weight. That is why Im getting off of it and I&#039;m switching to Para-guard IUD next week. It was a great birth control to use, and if it wasnt for the weight I gained i would have continued it. Beware of the weight you will gain with Depo!"
"I have been taking Keppra for 4 years. When I keep up with 2000mg dose daily I rarely have seizures anymore. When I go off the medicines they come back. I would have to say it does the trick with minimal side effects."
"I only took 1 pill 50 mg Sat. night for back pain and I have eaten 4 crackers and 1/4 c of chicken broth and it&#039;s Monday. I don&#039;t know whenever I have been so sick at my stomach but I will never ever take this pill again. Ever!"
"I have been on Depakote ER 1000mg for 2 months and it has almost solved my migraine problem.  I still get a few slight nagging headaches, which are easy to treat with ibuprofen. The side effects of stomach upset and fatigue seem to be improving.  I think I notice some weight gain, maybe too early to tell.  So far so good.  I&#039;m happy with this medication. My migraines were threating my ability to earn a living and many days were spent in bed. Things are looking up."
"I have had trouble with upper respiratory tract infections since I was a child. This is the best cough medicine I have ever taken. I have been given them all and the best by far!"
"worked better than Dilaudid when my elbow went septic and I almost lost my arm...made the pain less so I wasn&#039;t feeling like death..."
"I had a breakout of shingles on my abdomen.  Took this medicine and the pain and itching went away within a couple of days.  I would recommend this to anyone that has Shingles."
"I&#039;m 42 years old and prior to taking Loestrin 24, I had one day of bad cramping with my period which lasted 5 days.  I started this pill after my period and for 15 days I bled and it was the worst cramping in my life.  Besides the weight I added in those 15 days that I had lost in the prior month, I was bloated, couldn&#039;t sleep through the night, and had terrible headaches.  "
"I&#039;m 43 years old, I started noticing that I could get hard for a good 30 minutes, but after that ED would make my life miserable.  I wasn&#039;t able to ejaculate, so I went to the doctor.  He said I am in perfect health, that I was kind of young for ED, but he&#039;s seen younger men with the issue.  He prescribed the 5mg pills (I had a voucher for a free trial of 30 pills).  It is so hard to describe how a man feels when he gets his confidence back.  I was rock hard, and my wife - well, let&#039;s just say she loved the test drive!  I don&#039;t want to get too sexual, but I&#039;ve never ejaculated as much as I did - ever.  I feel like I am 18 again, in the prime of my life and I cant wait to be with my wife again!  Very happy."
"Before I started taking Ambien, I would fall asleep for an hour, wake up and maybe not go back to sleep at all. If I did fall asleep, it would only be for a short time. I sleep solidly from 10pm to 6 am and am no longer tired and run down during the day. That is worth everything."
"I was given Levaquin and it all most killed me. The doctor had me on it for 10 days , I thought I was dying the doctor did nothing , my pharmacist talk to me and told me I was having side effects. I stop taking it - it took a week before I thought I was still going to live. Now my muscles ache all the time. My neck hurts can not lay flat on my back.
And other things to. Please do not take it."
"My doctor put me on a dosage of 2 puffs every 4 hours as needed but when I used this amount I developed almost continuous anxiety attacks, insomnia, back and arm pain, wheezing, muscle spasm and jerking in extremities, and pounding in my ears.  I was greatly distressed until I read this article and discovered that all of these symptoms are side effects of the albuterol."
"Absolute miracle drug. I would be doomed without it. Amazing stuff!"
"My 6 yr old son just starting taking the medicine a week ago and has been over the top emotional, a lot of crying over nothing at his daycare during the day.  He started at 10mg which did nothing but makes him cry so he went to 20mg for 3 days which seemed to work for about 2 days.  Today we put him up to 30mg to see how it goes.  I&#039;m worried about the emotional side effects and really hope that it subsides."
"This is my first day on Chantix, I have been smoking for 3 years.  As recommended I bought a fresh pack yesterday because of the whole you should smoke for the 1st week.  I took the first 0.5mg pill last night with supper and had a mild night of dreaming/sweating.  When I woke up this morning I felt no rush to have that first smoke, a feeling I have never experienced in the past few years.  While I just started I still feel none of the mental side effects, as well as no physical ones either.  Remember take the pill with a pretty good chunk of food like a 6&quot; subway or so, and glass of water.

I will keep up to date withe the long term results, Just wanted this because I noticed a lack of starter comments.  Good luck everyone."
"I haven&#039;t had a period in years I had my hormones checked and everything came back normal. The Dr wanted me to try provera challenge. I&#039;m on my 4th pill. I haven&#039;t had any side effects  I don&#039;t feel its going to work.   I dont have PMS. I don&#039;t have sore Breasts I don&#039;t have any cramps. I did take it at bedtime in case I feel drowsey and non of that has happened.  If I don&#039;t bleed when I finish these pills then I either have hypothalmus or i went into ovarian failure :&#039;-("
"Went to see the doctor 3 months ago. I wasn&#039;t sure what was wrong with me. First visit I told the doc my symptoms.(fatigue, tense muscles, shortness of breath, light headed) The doctor said it might be allergies. He gave me hydroxyzine 25MG. I started with with one dose every 4 hours. They seem to help me breath easier and relax me. "
"Started Adipex 2 weeks ago. Lost 20 lbs so far! I even skip the pill 1 to 2 times a week. The energy loss is aweful those days though."
"I am 5&#039;2 started at 187. Have been on it for 3 days, down 4 lbs! The only side affects are blurry vision &amp; no appetite! Since I am a foodaholic, I still find myself thinking about food but I ask myself &quot;am I really hungry or do I just want to eat&quot;? the answer is usually that I just want to eat. I am using this time to make healthier choices and lifestyle changes so when I get off I will have less of a chance of gaining the weight back. I will keep you updated."
"Only been 3 months on the Lo but I&#039;ve definitely seen some changes. Yes it has allowed me to be more regular in my cycle and my cramps are lessened+flow is lighter, which is what I originally had asked for from my first bc and what I received and why I gave a 6/10. However, the side effects are so rough :/ I&#039;m already an emotional trainwreck of a teenager with psychotic depression bpd and avpd and this bc seems to put all my emotions in a bottle of soda and shake until I break down. In addition, I&#039;ve had a a much larger appetite since starting and have gained 20 pounds since I began taking it, and I&#039;ve had a lot more migraines and dizzy spells (I&#039;m a mess). Overall, I don&#039;t really like, and will most likely switch to a new bc asap"
"I&#039;ve had 3 yeast infections in my life. The first time I treated my infection with the Monistat 7 and experienced the same awful side effects most of you ladies are experiencing. Non stop burning and irritation you name it I had it too! Second time around I went with the pill prescribed by my doctor. This time around I went with Monistat 1 day oval applicator and felt little to no discomfort and the infection was completely gone in 3 days with minor mess on the panties. My best advice is that from experience all Monistat medication takes getting used to. If this is your first time around definitely expect much of what is happening to the rest of the ladies here to happen to you."
"Long history of medication resistant recurrent major depression.  Tried Deplin 15 mg daily for 6 months.  No improvement at all seen with Deplin.  Total waste of money for me."
"While I was on Ortho Tri Cyclen, I was hospitalized. I came very close to needing a blood transfusion. Halfway through a pack, I started to bleed heavily. I went to the ER and had ultrasounds done to be sure I wasn&#039;t having a miscarriage or cyst rupture. It was explained to me that the added hormones were not balancing well, which was causing one to crash and cause heavy bleeding. I was immediately taken off of birth control. I won&#039;t ever try it again. It was a very scary experience."
"I started taking it on Wednesday and my energy was up and appetite was down but today is Sunday and my energy is down and my appetite it up...I&#039;ve also stopped licking my lips so no more dry mouth. that&#039;s only day 4. What happened??????"
"I used to suffer from panic attacks frequently that made me feel like I was constantly about to faint or have a heart attack. It was so bad at one point I couldn&#039;t leave the house. I was extremely worried about taking this (probably as a result of GAD I was diagnosed with) but I&#039;ve been on lexapro since November last year and haven&#039;t had a panic attack since! It was hard getting used to lexapro at first and I experienced visual hallucinations upon waking up, but a small dose of valium helped take the edge off. Now anxiety isn&#039;t interfering with my daily life and I barely think about it. I&#039;m now learning meditation, CBT and looking after my physical health so I can wean off the drug later in the year when I&#039;m mentally ready for it"
"I broke out with major cystic acne in my early 30s. I used Epiduo and it took a while to work but I am acne free today. If I get a cyst I apply Epiduo to it and no matter what I don&#039;t touch it. It&#039;s gone in 2-3days. Also, I pick at my acne so I realized getting acrylic nails prevent me from pick8ng even if I wanted to. If you do pick on one, wash with soap, dry and apply Epiduo. I notice that if I put a thicker layer on that it works better. I love Epiduo. It does cause redness but I&#039;d much rather be red than cystic. Plus, being female, I can use concealer and base to cover the red. I do use Retin-A too."
"I been on phentermine 37.5mg and b12 shot since June 16, 2017 and I&#039;m excited when I got it my weight was 242.8 pounds and today June 20 2017  I&#039;m 235 pounds and I have energy and feel like a new person ... Definitely can&#039;t wait to see my final results.... "
"I&#039;m a 18 year old female and I started taking 80mg strattera for ADD and honestly didn&#039;t see much to any improvement, I couldn&#039;t focus any better than I could before . I became so unmotivated I didn&#039;t even want to get out of bed anymore. It calmed me down defiantly and relieved my anxiety 100% but it made me so &#039;for lack of a better word&#039; depressed. And when I would forget to take it or couldn&#039;t get to the pharmacy to refill the prescription for a couple days I would get these massive headaches that hurt so bad I could&#039;ve cried. Overall I think it just didn&#039;t work for me"
"After reading each and every review, I can honestly say that the burning sensation has lessened due to laughing from the reviews because everyone described the exact same horrible side effects just used in so many different phrases that hours have passed and I momentarily forgot how much pain I was in after inserting the 1 day Walmart generic brand of the ovule. Thanks ladies for helping me combat the past 4 hours as my husband snores and I&#039;m unable to sleep due to the overwhelming burning sensation. I normally take Diflucan however from past YI experiences, I had the early signs which started on a Friday, Good Friday to be exact and of course could not get an appointment to the GYN! Being a women is definitely over-rated!"
"It&#039;s ok, I&#039;m not suicidal anymore because of Latuda. Not too long ago I got off of Pristiq and Lamictal even tried getting off of Vyvanse, everything went downhill from there, so my psych doc decided to put me on Latuda. At first I felt restless at bedtime but now I feel super tired and sluggish, zombie like.  Also emotionless so I don&#039;t know if I will keep taking it. I want to feel again. Right now I&#039;ve not been feeling like myself. So we will see what the doctor says."
"I am a 34 yr old married woman who recently got diagnosed about 4 - 5 months ago through a routine Dr visit and I been on complera almost two months now and when I first started my viral load was 23,000 and I will go back to the Dr on Dec 15 to have my blood work done again to see if the meds are working!! So far only side effects are gas, and extreme hunger lol.... My husband is also Hiv positive and he&#039;s taking a different medicine and his is working so far as well!!!! I really need someone to talk to about this so if someone wants to talk - maybe give me some advice let me know because I&#039;m still in shock and have alot of questions"
"Works great. Raised my levels from 14 to 550 (220-880 &#039;normal&#039;) which resulted from methadone usage.  Very effective."
"It helped withy my anxiety, which didn&#039;t go away but became manageable. I didn&#039;t see any improvements with my depression (my main symptoms are anhedonia and fatigue, the last one actually worsened). Getting out of 40mg was ok, just felt a bit anxious in the first days. I took paxil ~ 2 months"
"I&#039;m 33 and just had my first my baby in September. 8 weeks after I had her I had the Mirena inserted. When it was put in, I weighed 162 - I had lost 8 lbs after my daughter&#039;s birth. Since then, in the last 5 months since having the Mirena put in, I have not lost a single pound. Not only am I breast feeding, but I&#039;m training for a marathon. I am eating about 1600 - 1800 calories per day (about 500 lower than my normal consumption while training for marathons) and I cannot lose the weight. 
Has Merina made me gain weight? No. But it is clearly a factor in not allowing me to lose baby weight. Needless to say, I&#039;m going to have it removed. I believe there are better alternatives to something that keeps me 30lbs over my normal weight."
"Nucynta worked very well for my back and hip pain. Was only on the medication for a month, had to stop the medication because I could not use my hormone patch. Having menopause symptoms was almost as bad as the pain itself. I would recommend discussing menopause medications with your doctor prior to using Nucynta because one month without hormones is horrible on a marriage and customer service work."
"I&#039;ve used Veltin for about 3-5 months , but i get lazy so I&#039;ll say like 2 months . I&#039;ve gotten complements abouy that it got better since last year , people will rate me a 7 or 8. If i used it more often , like every night I know it would be much more clearer and you can really see the changes about a week or two but you have to be patient."
"Vyvanse is not like any other ADHD med out there. It is better! a lot better! I does not matter how much Vyvanse you take, your body will not let the amphetamine level go any higher than it can process it. This gives you control. Vyvanse is a spark, it lets you chose what to focus on, rather than make you hyper and euphoric like other ADHD meds do. Why it does not work for some people? Because most people fail to use ADHD meds accordingly! No med is a &quot;magic bullet.&quot; For those of us who actually have ADHD and have tried absolutely everything (healthy diet, good night sleep, exercise, multivitamins etc.), Vyvanse is the &quot;missing piece to the puzzle!"
"Well started belviq once a day on May 14 2015. My starting weight 187 lbs.  Nine days later weighed at 185 lbs . May not seem like a lot BUT considering  didn&#039;t go not once to the gym I think it is pretty good.!!! This coming up week I will try to do some type of exercise. 
I find though that the first pills really curbed my appetite.  Now a few pills later it doesn&#039;t seem to be as strong as the beginning. Will continue on them for one month and see how it goes. 
If I don&#039;t see a big amount of weight loss I will ask my Dr to put me on phentermine. Being that phentermine is more affordable. And it would make no sense at all to pay so much $$$$ on a pill that doesn&#039;t really cut it for me ..."
"Started this birth control because I became sexually active and having bleeding irregularities. My gyno really pushed this for me because she says teens forget the pill and this is better for long term use since I am so young and don&#039;t want a kid any time soon. I agreed and understood that the first months would be very weird. I got it implanted April 2016. No symptoms for about two weeks, I have been bleeding now for 3 months. Less than a period (my periods were light and regular) but enough to wear panty liner everyday. I have lost 15 pounds and no mood swings, depression or increase in acne. Still in the beginning of process and am please but if bleeding does not stop within another month I am going back to see if the bleeding can stop."
"I have started this medication again under a Pain Specialist. I am very sensitive to meds so he has started me off on a very low dose of 25mg which I will gradually increase over weeks. The first time I took this was a 75mg dose and I had memory loss in what felt like blocks of time, it scared me so much I only took it twice. e.g. I would make a cup of tea to sit down and find I had already made one lol n I drove to the shopping centre n could not remember that I&#039;d just driven there. Last night was the first time in a year that nerve pain in my arm from frozen shoulder eased significantly also my anxiousness which has been gradually getting worse seems to have eased and I don&#039;t feel stressed about my day ahead going out in public."
"I have Bipolar disorder and have ADD (not ADHD) for which I was on Ritalin (methylphenidate).  My doctor switched me to Adderall because my concentration seemed to be waning again, but I don&#039;t believe it is working as well. Concentration is about the same, but it seems I am experiencing a lot more anxiety now than I did with the Ritalin."
"Started adipex on 08/03/2015 weighed in at 265 and today is 8/11/2015 and the scale now says 253.6"
"This drug has been a life saver I&#039;ve managed to keep cycle at bay using 240mg although now have increased to 480mg as had few creeping in. There are side effects but what could be worse than the pain of cluster headaches!! Hugely recommend to sufferers."
"Started having headache and body aches on the night of January 10, I never had experienced such intense body ache before. Had low fever 101F on January 11 but I couldn&#039;t get a doctor&#039;s appointment till January 12, she did a nose swab and results confirmed influenza A. I started Aleve to alleviate body ache same time as when I started Tamiflu between light breakfast and lunch, noticed diarrhea later that day but thought it was flu related, so I started diarrhea medication. Body aches dissipated through that night and by next morning I could stop Aleve. Flu symptoms cleared since January 14, except for slight dry cough with no chest involvement, and slight allergy-like cold. Tamiflu worked f/me but has side effects of diarrhea and slight nausea."
"I have been on Minastrin for 7 months now. It is the first birth control I have ever been on. My OBGYN recommended I get on the pill due to severe cramping and unpredictable periods. During the first month, my breasts were very tender. I could not even stand to have a bra on. The first three cycles I had a strange brown discharge and the fourth cycle I completely skipped my period. However, since then my period has only been a day long, predictable, and very light. Other than the breast tenderness and weird cycles, the only other symptom I had was constipation. Overall, I found this pill to be wonderful. The only reason I am switching is because I have new insurance that no longer covers it."
"I don&#039;t have enough experience to give a proper rating but I have suffered with social anxiety disorder my whole life and was put on these pills 2 years ago, I only took them for 2 months though. They made me have trouble sleeping and they messed up my libido which for me was the worst part but about 4-6 weeks in, I was at college and some people sat at my desk in the common  room (this is something that would usually cause a panic attack) and I didn&#039;t even care, absolutely no anxiety but when I stopped taking them it came back so now I&#039;m gonna see if doc will put me back on them"
"Its the greatest. I literally can&#039;t live without it. It&#039;s the only thing that calms my legs. Period."
"Hi there,
I have been off work for approx 7 weeks due to severe anxiety. I initially started to take Sertraline 50mg however after 4 weeks it made me very low in mood and suicidal hence to swap to Ecitalopram 5mg. I have been taking this for 10 days and already feel a considerable improvement in my overall mood. My anxiety is less and the negative thoughts are manageable. I still worry but things don&#039;t seem so bad anymore. I feel like there&#039;s hope again. I am pleased so far. Good luck"
"I tried this for two weeks and yet I never got to sleep on it. I had to try it for two weeks because otherwise my doctor wouldn&#039;t give me anything else. "
"bad medicine. I was prescribed this along w a z pak for my flu and bronchitis combo. The last 24 hours have been hell with extreme stomach stabbing pains. Z paks are god&#039;s gift so I know it&#039;s not them, after reading online others having this nightmare w Tamiflu, I finally understand why and I&#039;ve stopped taking it. Sure would&#039;ve been nice to get a warning from the pharmacist or doctor. My stomach seriously feels like it&#039;s ruined from this. Feels like someone is stabbing me in the stomach every 20 seconds like clockwork. Thanks, bad medication!"
"Drysol has been a life saver for me! I was always afraid to ask my doctor about my sweating, but after I did and she prescribed me this, I&#039;ve not been sweating like before. This has been going on for about 15 years and I am just now getting relief. It started working after my first application, but I still use it maybe once every week or 2 weeks. I can now wear colored shirts instead of only black/white/see through shirts that don&#039;t show sweat stains. I highly recommend this product to anyone suffering with any kind of sweating."
"Waste of money
No relief at all"
"I have been on this medication for about 4 months. I have 3 broken areas in my lumbar spine, as well as 5 herniated discs. It works okay for me. "
"This birth control worked for me exactly as it should. I got my period every twenty eight days and everything is good if you remember to take your pill. However, I gained about 30 lbs over a course of 6 months. In regards to my sex life, it&#039;s messed up that, too. Sex drive has been greatly decreased as well as experiencing dryness. My breasts have also at least doubled."
"Worst decision ever!! Got depo shot after 6wks postpartum thinking it was the most convenient birth control method. Oh, so wrong. Got it 4-17-15, started bleeding 5-1-15, a month after I am still bleeding.  Limited sex due to period bleeding, it&#039;s not pretty. Terrible mood swings. Increased cravings for sweets and junk food, dizziness, very tired and sleepy. Well its a horror story. I am not going back for a 2nd shot, no way. I will never get another shot of this medicine that transformed me in to a non stop bleeding witch."
"This pill was fine for the first three months that I was on it, then I started constantly spotting.  I only had 3-4 days a month that I was not spotting while on this med.  I was switched to Lo Loesterin and the spotting has stopped."
"I had this implant fitted in my arm on Friday. Since Monday I start developing a very nasty rash on some parts of my body, I had my eyes that swollen I couldn&#039;t even open my eyes. Doctors prescribed me steroids and everything but can&#039;t seem do to anything. It&#039;s Friday night now I am itching like mad and having horrible cramps!! My lip got so swollen I couldn&#039;t even speak yesterday! Lost my food appetite and I am absolutely out of words how much stress it caused me! I never in my entired life suffered with eczema or hayfever and never had any allergic reaction to anything! Wanted removed asap!!"
"Great drug for severe pain, it gave me back the ability to function again. I had only 1 side effect, constipation, which was easily taken care of. A few words of caution...take as directed. Withdrawal is sheer agony and can come on quickly, happens to me with 1 missed dose in about 6 hours or so."
"Smoked a pack a day for 20 years, moved to Zyban after Champix gave me some seriously dark thoughts! After 4 days of taking the pills, my smokes tasted funny, after 6 days I realised that I was only smoking because of the habit so I just stopped. It&#039;s taken away all the anxiety in quitting smoking. I&#039;ve had a few side effects, but they&#039;ve actually been ok. My mood is better, I&#039;m going to bed early, sleeping well and waking up early, I feel very focused and motivated too. The only negative side is that it&#039;s dried my skin a bit and I get dry-mouth but I&#039;m drinking 2.5l of water per day to fix that. It makes me a bit forgetful too, but that&#039;s ok. It&#039;s an anti-depressant, so it won&#039;t be great for everyone but it worked well for me!"
"I used to sweat a lot before using drysol. I always wore black and was afraid to wear any colors. Even after washing my clothes, the smell of sweat would not go away. I no longer sweat as long as I apply it a couple of times in the month now. Yes it does irritate your skin to the point where you can&#039;t sleep at night, but it is worth it to me. I now wear anything I want. I don&#039;t have sweaty or smelly armpits. And I noticed that after a while it irritates you less and less. I definitely recommend this product!"
"I started Contrave less than 4/mo ago. I have never provided a review before but feel I should with this drug. I have lost 17/lbs so far and it has been steadily going down. I am a counselor so as a result of my job I emotionally eat quite a bit. Contrave keeps my cravings &amp; stress eating from popping up so when I do eat, it is easy to make the healthy choice. I am not jittery because it is not a stimulant. The only negatives have been constipation which I address with a stool softner. I also find that I don&#039;t consume as much alcohol which is not actually a downside unless you are trying to get drunk. Most of my office is now on this prescription and most have lost 5lbs per month. It isn&#039;t covered by our inurance but should be. Love it!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for 10&#039;yrs now, obviously it works but at 100 mg dose, too much! I&#039;ve cut back to 50 mg and I&#039;m fine. On 100 mg I had a lot of weight gain, like 30 lbs. I&#039;ve lost a lot of weight now on 50 mg. I probably should go off of it but doc says if it works can stay on it. I worry no long term studies on this drug, but so far seems okay. My brother told me it can cause brain cells to die of w/long term use, he read it in L.E.F. magazine. Don&#039;t know if true, but helps my depression &amp; anxiety so much that its worth staying on. Be happy and healthy, find what works for you. Good luck! "
"This is my 4th day on Lexapro and I already feel ten times better then I did this past weekend. I suffer from anger, depression and anxiety and due to this it cost me a 9 year relationship with my partner. I could not bare the fact we broke up because of my personal issues which put me more deeper in depression/anxiety. I could not eat, sleep or go to work without crying or feel like I just wanted to disappear. I don&#039;t know what I would do if I was not on Lexapro. I&#039;m finally starting to feel like myself again and see positive aspects of life instead of all the negatives. I love Lexapro and hope after 2 weeks when it&#039;s completely in my system things only get better. I would recommend Lexapro to anyone suffering from these conditions."
"I do not feel any side effects. I only use it when needed, when I do, it works pretty quickly, my shaking and twitching disappear in a matter of seconds."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 3 months now and I am really considering changing it. I have a really weird period side effect where it changes the color of my period &amp; it makes it come early or late &amp; it always makes me scared that I&#039;m pregnant. Plus I can never loose weight being on this pill. Lastly, the pill makes me very moody as well. I am going to talk to my doctor about it at the end of the month."
"Most recent diagnosis is bipolar 1.  I&#039;ve been better since starting trileptal about 6 months ago.  Doc suggested added Vraylar.  Big mistake as one 1.5 ml dose made me hyperglycemic, jittery, sweaty, nauseous.  I fell when my muscles sort of locked up and was physically unable to speak or move for several minutes.  Helpless, awful feeling.  I ain&#039;t taking a second dose of this stuff."
"This drug is awesome. I have been suffering from anxiety attacks for about 2 years now. They come out of no-where, even when I&#039;m calm. I take the lowest dose of Xanax which is 0.25mg and I am normal again in 15 minutes and most of the time I usually don&#039;t have to take another one for the rest of the day. All of the rest of the drugs out there have horrific side effects and make you feel awful, but not this one I only take it when I need it."
"I&#039;ve been using this product for about two years and it produces miracles, I used it and right away everything cleared up, about a year after using this product I went away for two weeks and kinda got off it, I had a huge breakout and in my opinion, a disgusting one, I went back to product and after week, started crying after seeing the results, this is magnificent."
"Diagnosed having this Chlamydia. The doctor gave me a box of Doxycycline, which i took for two weeks (2 small tablets daily). Since I had protected sex during the treatment period and after doing some research, I wanted to make sure I do not have the thing when I go for a re-test so i thought of Azithromycin. An hour before i take the meds, i stumbled upon this site and almost backed out coz of the crazy experiences. However, when in doubt, I&#039;m kinda all out so i took them, even had after midnight snack, did not feel anything bad and slept. Was a bit hard to sleep though. Perhaps it is my mind anticipating for the stomach cramps or diarrhea?"
"Awesome. I would recommend you try it, has helped 100%."
"When I start to pace around the room, swimming in my non-stop traffic of thoughts I know I need to take my Xanax, it calms me and I even stopped smoking out of anxiety."
"Made my pain worse"
"First birth control pill. Got lil acne before I was on it and get a lil still. Plan on changing to a different bc tho because it makes me extremely emotional and depressed. I messed up and forgot to take it for 3 days and my period was effected but once I got back on track and when I stayed on track my periods were regular. Seemed to loose weight but I still don&#039;t know if that&#039;s because of the birth control"
"Thank goodness for Mucinex D!  One week ago, I woke up with severe nasal congestion and difficulty breathing which made getting any decent sleep impossible... I tried the other medications with minimal relief, so I decided to take a 600mg prescribed dose of Mucinex D (one pill) and was extremely pleased with how quickly it worked...  I drank 16oz of water then fell asleep with the ability to breathe easier...  Because my nasal problems have been recurring as soon as the medication wears off, I have resorted to taking a pill to get me through the day and again at night ever since...  The taste is unpleasant, but not enough to avoid taking it, because so far, it is the only medication that provides optimum relief with clear nasal passages!"
"One month on the medicine.  Started with 10mg morning and evening of Glipizide in conjunction.  One week on the medicine and dropped the Glipizide.  Numbers stay in the 70-100 range.  This has changed my life.  Not sure about the weight loss aspect as I was already on a diet regimen that has led to 40lb weight loss."
"My sleep problem is describe as: ease of falling asleep; extreme-difficulty staying asleep for more than three hours; however, mostly-pleasant dream occurences. I take Ambien occasionally in attempt to fully replenish my body&#039;s energy-level. To not become dependent, on occassion I will try Rozerem. The problem then becomes, each time I take Rozerem, it causes me to sleep very lightly with what some may consider &quot;intense-Viagra Effect&quot;. It is only after I take some measure to resolve this effect that I then am able to obtain a deep sleep for about five hours; but this deep sleep is always accompanied by what I consider extremely unusual or unpleasant dreams."
"Lorazepam is a good medication in low doses for anxiety. Personally, if I took more than 1mg, I experienced dizziness, double vision, the exact side effects I have with Ambien, which I use for a completely different reason. However, it does calm you down. If I had to be specific, it slows down your thoughts. It doesn&#039;t get rid of them and put you in some euphoric state, but it helps significantly. Unfortunately this calmness for me came with side effects I&#039;d expect from a sedative, even at low doses."
"Aleve has been a miracle drug for me. I&rsquo;m not one to write reviews on anything but I can tell you from my experience today that I was in so much pain from menstrual cramps that I was crying. I took two extra strength Tylenol and it took two hours to work and when it did work I still felt a lot of pain but still not as much as before. Then, I took two Aleve and it completely knocked it out."
"This is the first Inhaler I have used that seems to actually help me. I can walk further and do more activities longer before feeling out of breath. I have only been using it one week, but so far I&#039;ve had no side effects and all good results."
"I kept this cough syrup even though it was five years old. Took it to stop an uncontrollable cough and boy did it work!  I was able to sleep soundly, better than ever. Woke up and did not feel like moving much. I would not take this if I had to go to work in the day. I only took one teaspoon and have done it for two nights."
"This is TERRIBLE. Do not try this! Make your doctor see you for a Rx. Awful mistake"
"I started taking Lexapro nearly two years ago after struggling with generalised and social anxiety for years. I have been taking 5mg consistently. Side effects were noticeable for the first week or so but now I get none at all. No sexual side effects whatsoever. In the time I&#039;ve been taking it I&#039;ve relocated to a new job and had a promotion, motivation through the roof. The negative thought patterns have disappeared."
"I would recommend this to anyone. I was put on Plaquenil  in April of 2012 for Lupus symptoms, constant pain( mostly in my legs) extreme fatigue and overall ill feeling. Within 2 months of taking Plaquenil the pain and fatigue had subsided, not completely but has greatly improved over the last year and half &amp;  my health and immune system has also improved and I went from being sick ALL the time to very rarely sick.  It has been a Godsend for me. I wouldn&#039;t advise taking the medicine on an empty stomach it will make you sick &amp; nauseous all day long."
"I have been on and off different SSRI&#039;s and none of them have helped e.g. slept my life away, foggy mind, couldn&#039;t concentrate, no feelings, constant ringing in my ears, low libido. I started on Wellbutrin XL 150mg for 1 month and my doc upped my dose to 300mg. My experience has been super wonderful, from sleeping too much I am now going to bed later at night and getting up earlier &amp; feel refreshed. I cry when I need to which to me is a good release. I am always busy. I have redone my whole home &amp; garden, I go out more (use to be a total recluse). I sit &amp; have my coffee out on the patio &amp; watch the bird life and find so much joy in every day life. I have found an inner peace with Wellbutrin XL that I have never felt before. Big thumbs up :)"
"My son, who is 13, was dx with Bipolar almost 3 years ago and has been on every anti-psychotic drug. His pdoc started him on Rexulti 1 month ago and I have yet to see any improvement. His Dr started him at 2mg for the first 2 weeks and was just increased to 4mg last week. He is also on a low dose of Lamictal, Amantadine and Trazodone. The only side effect I have seen is an increase of his appetite. 
But as for his behavior, nothing. I don&#039;t know if this medication works quickly or does it take time. 
Either way, since nothing has changed behaviorally,  the next and last drug he will be prescribed is Clozaril. I know that drug very well, because my 16 year old has been on it since he was 13."
"I&#039;ve been on a Sovaldi, Interferon, and Ribiviran treatment for 5 weeks. My doctor says my viral load is ZERO! I still need to take it for 7 more weeks but I am EXTREMLY happy! Yes, I am wiped out, I can&#039;t work, but the reward is HUGE!"
"I had been taking Xanax and Lexapro for generalized anxiety disorder. The Xanax, at 0.25 mg, made me a zombie. Atarax at 50 mg 3 times a day works very well for me and I am able to function at work as well. The sedative effects wore off after a few days."
"I started this drug for Discoid lupus.  It made me insane.  I would fly into rages at small things, later I would melt on the floor in tears.  Scared my daughters - 18 and 21.  I quit taking this drug after 3 weeks."
"I have been taking Saphris for about a month now. I started at 5mg at night and now up to 10mg. Helps me fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. First few days I had rough mornings but none since. The taste is awful. I use the black cherry but maybe I will try the sweet tart trick I have learned about. I also take 60mg Celexa and 0.5mg of Klonopin (twice a day for this one) every day. I am bipolar and have depression and since being on Saphris everyone has noticed a big change in my moods. Racing thoughts are a hell of a lot better too! Side effects: constipation, very gassy, bloated stomach, loss of taste, and sore and numb tongue. Hopefully my body will adjust but if not I think the pros out way the cons."
"I have had three injections for my Low red blood cell production by bone marrow. I feel more energetic after the injection and for several days after. By the third, fourth, or fifth day I feel as tired as before the beginning of treatment. Each week the energy seems to last longer. I felt faint on the fifth day after the third injection. I recovered in about an hour and a half."
"I have only been on the shot for 4 weeks. few side effects,  Slight mood change, and tingling/ numbness in fingers and feet. Doctor said it was normal, give it a try."
"I had mild acne and I started using Epiduo in August , In the first two weeks my acne increased slightly  but at the end of the first month my acne started to improve . At the end of the second month my acne became way worse form where I started i now have very noticeable scars for the first time ."
"I have run the gamet of drugs for migraines also. This is the final med that we haven&#039;t tried. Finally, I haven&#039;t had a migraine since being on it-only on it for 4 weeks. I am being weaned for Topamax and am still on a host of other meds but Topamax gave me serious side effects. I had daily migraines and have clusters in spring and fall. I feel great for the first times is years. Am afraid what is going to happen when I take my &quot;vacation&quot; from the med in 6 months.
Ginny"
"I suffered from severe insomnia for years, and tried many prescription sleep aids over that period, however none have been as effective for me as triazolam has been. I have gotten my life back, and no longer have trouble falling asleep, it works fast and I have not experienced any side effects."
"I was the first reviewer back in Oct 2014 and did an annual review last year.   I&#039;ve now been in triumeq for 2 years after 2 years in atripla.  Back in 2014, I had been waiting for trial to be released after reading all the great trial results with minimal side effects.  After 2 years, triumeq remains awesome. I have no side effects and have maintained an undetectable VL for 4 straight years.  HIV has not slowed me down a bit thanks to this great medication (I&#039;m a competitive athlete).  I was worried at first about cardiovascular issues.  I&#039;ve run countless races, including a iron man distance, while in this drug.  I&#039;m extremely happy with this med."
"I love this medicine.  It works!  I too couldn&#039;t get it for awhile because of how expensive it was.  I was actually notified by Blue Cross that if I did a three month trial of having my doctor write a script for the medications of Treximet separate (Imitrex pills and Naproxen pills) and see how those two separate medicines worked for my Migraines then if I still didn&#039;t get satisfactory results of these two medicines separately then they would pay for the Treximet pills.  I did the trial for three months and I didn&#039;t get the instant results like the Treximet pills, also bad heart burn from the Naproxen.  So I had my doctor report back to Blue Cross after the trial 3 month period that I wasn&#039;t getting the results I wanted and they started covering it."
"Mirtazapine is a good medication! My experience with it has been positive! It got me sleeping when I was unable to sleep at all for 3 weeks due to severe to extreme depression! Paxil made my depression worse; mirtazapine reversed my severe depression in 4 days at 15 mg! I wasn&#039;t able to sleep more than 1 hour a day for 3 weeks! Also was extremely hopeless and sad! All I could is to sit on the couch unable to leave home! I had no energy! I was scared to take this but I had no choice! It helped within 4 days! The sleep improved slowly on it over a few weeks but my sleep was still fragmented! It does not fix sleep right away! It took about 4 weeks before I could sleep properly! It took me about 2 months to adjust and feel normal on this med"
"Here&#039;s the thing iv always had painful very painful cramps. I would know for certain that I would not be able to do anything 1 day out of the month. I was just lay in bed in extreme pain. No meds would help my pain it was the worst thing ever. But then I got nexplanon. And omg I was so happy when I got it my cramps went away I had no pain i felt like the luckiest girl in the world. But then I got my period ... and weeks later I was still on my period.. then months.... then a year. Get my point ? I will be taking this out very soon. It sucks having to buy pads and tampons every day for years.. and being sexual active ? Haha yeah right. This help my cramps but bleeding for 3 years straight. I can&#039;t take it anymore"
"Lyrica has helped my pain from fibromyalgia IMMENSELY. It helps better than anything I&#039;ve tried including narcotic pain medicines. I&#039;ve had fibromyalgia for 6 years now and Lyrica is by far the best option for fibro pain. I take 200mg twice daily and 100mg once daily. (It really helps me to take 20mg of Flexeril at bedtime too but build a tolerance first). The combination sets me up for a pain-free day. When starting Lyrica, it does cause a feeling of imbalance, weight gain, and water retention but after about a week or two the side effects go away. I am so grateful for Lyrica. It has improved my quality of life exponentially and I don&#039;t feel all doped up as the narcotics make me feel. THANK GOD FOR LYRICA!"
"I&#039;ve been on Levora for about over a year and a half now. I&#039;ve come to the conclusion that this pills side effects are awful. I get nausea, mood swings, stomach pain in the mornings, gained weight, increased acne. Not for me. However I&#039;m not pregnant!"
"I have a lot going on in my life and so far with the terrible panic attacks that I&#039;m getting, Klonopin seems to work most times. My Doctor just increased my dose to 1mg so we&#039;ll see if that helps a little better."
"About a year ago I started having symptoms of RA (seronegative).  I started on prednisone 20mg which helped somewhat but I was having flare ups in the ankles and hands.  Finally got switched to Celebrex because the pain and swelling were not going away. 200mg daily - all I can say is it&#039;s been like night and day since I started taking it - less pain, less swelling, better days!"
"I was very hesitant to start birth control, but needed to as my relationship got more serious and I needed to be protected. The first 3 days of taking the 21 day pack Junel, I did experience some nausea (mild, but didn&#039;t have an appetite.) It did subside, but now looking back I have realized that slowly, but surely I have become super emotionless/apathetic a bit more month by month. I hit my threshold of not &quot;feeling&quot; this month and am most likely getting an IUD next month. I am a very emotional person, which I love that about myself. On Junel, I am numb and just blah. It&#039;s different from depression. Other side effects were very minor, but included my breasts growing half a cup, probably 1-2lbs weight gain in my mid section. Skin Is good."
"This is my second time taking this medication, both times it was prescribed for a alleged spider bite. The first time I took it I stopped before finishing because the side effects were terrible. I experienced headache, dizziness, flu symptoms and flushing. The second time I took it had the same experience so I drank 2 liters of water and symptoms subsided tremendously. This a double antibiotic so it is imperative that you drink  a very large amount of water when taking it otherwise the medication is concentrated in your system and the side affects will be unbearable."
"Good after cardio-version. I was prescribed it and my heart went into atrial fibrilation. Side effects I suffered were stomach pains (like carrying a 10 pin bowling ball in your stomach). Couldn&#039;t keep anything down, from light snacks to drinks. Severe fatigue, tiredness, diarrhea, dizzy spells. 
After my cardio version for the 3rd time, I feel 100% better, and am still on amiodarone and all the above symptoms have subsided.

The only side effect I have now is: short term memory loss, lack of appetite, get sunburnt very easily."
"I have been taking 200mg time release for 10yrs, before heavy exercise, at times I have to use a different nasid to get relief but overall very effective with swelling"
"I had a terrible experience with Rhofade. I went to a dermatologist because of mild symptoms of rosacea. I used Rhofade for 4 days, and it made symptoms 10 times worse. I looked like I had a bad sunburn and pimples. My skin was also dry and burning.
   I stopped using it and I bought Eucerin Sensitive Skin Redness Relief Soothing Night Cream, and Eucerin Redness Relief Cleanser from Walgreens. They are helping. Now my skin is just a little pink in some spots."
"I got the implant inserted at the end of April last year. I found the insertion a bit painful, but it was probably because I was stressing about it! (So try and stay calm - and definitely look away if you don&#039;t like needles). Overall I like the implant and how hassle free it is. I have had some problems with on/off bleeding though, so I use norethisterone sometimes to settle it down However I could bleed again at any time and I have no idea when that might be, which is a bit annoying. My skin is also constantly breaking out with hormonal spots, which is even worse when I&#039;m taking norethisterone. Apart from that, no problems :)"
"Paxil worked well for the first few months and then stopped.  My doc upped my dose and the same thing. I took it for 6 months from half a tab to two tabs a day. I gained 15lbs and became more depressed and lazy to the point that I wouldn&#039;t get out of bed. I also had side effects of agitation, vivid dreams, and problems concentrating.  It did not worked great at first but is not for me. "
"Great experience so far. Month three, ramping up to 20 mg a day.  Constipation side effect eliminated by 2 fiber capsules a day. No sexual side effects and feeling much more like myself!  No weight gain! "
"This was the first time I had ever taken cyclobenzaprine.   I took one (1) 10mg on a Thursday evening about 6:30 pm, and all day the next day I felt slight confusion, loss of concentration and it felt like my head was in a fog.  Did not help with pain but allowed me to get some much needed sleep."
"I tried bcp in college, but they aggravated my migraines. At age 23, my neurologist said that because most of my migraines occurred just before my period, OrthoTricylen would work for me. My migraines got BETTER, my already clear complexion become clearer, and my periods lightened. However, the first three months were tough.  My breasts swelled from a 34C to a 34D+ (enough to buy a bigger bra), I was easily enraged, and I became a bit of a space cadet - but it all went away after the first 3 months. I also never got pregnant until after taking this pill. If you have migraines, talk to your neurologist about this pill."
"This product works so good . felt a tingle early that morning cryed was depressed applies this for the first time five times a day the next day I&#039;m usually use to huge oozing clusters all on my chin but I was amazed no Of that. It is now day 3 and it&#039;s completely gone ."
"I have been on it for about two months and it truly works for those panic attacks. Really good, and is not as addicting as Xanax! I would recommend for panic and anxiety."
"I&#039;ve been on Adipex for 3 days now and I&#039;ve lost 5 pounds. I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and started out at 221.2 pounds three days ago. This morning I got on the scale at I&#039;m at 216. I&#039;ve read a lot of reviews and its about %50 people who love it and %50 people who hate it. My main concern is the reviews where people say the minute they stop the pill the weight comes right back plus more. But so far so good for me."
"This is my first ever product review. I felt obligated to write this because it is a life changing solution.

Was a bit worried when it only reduced my sweating after 2 days of use. I didn&#039;t think it would work because my sweaty hands were the worst I&#039;ve ever seen (literally dripping, and unconcealable) On third night there was horrible itching and pain, but I endured it. The next day, hands were completely dry. I now only have to use it once in a while for maintenance. This completely changed my life, and I am glad to be rid of that dreaded hyperhidrosis. 

PS be sure NOT to use it on any cuts or skin that is already dry

THANK YOU SO MUCH"
"I took my 1st 10mg, I ate 1/2 peanut butter sandwich with banana and cup of coffee, within hour and half I was nauseous and gagged. I had hot flashes throughout morning. I felt better by late afternoon, I lay in bed all night long beginning at 9pm trying to fall asleep, I may have a total of two hours. It is time to get ready for work and I am exhausted, I have to eat breakfast and start all over again- I am sure I can endure these beginning effects but plan on calling Doctor."
"I been taking Prozac for 3 monthes I don&#039;t binge or purge anymore I only throw up when I&#039;m sick . I was thinking about suicide but now I&#039;m 3 month purge free. I&#039;m confident that if I stay on it I can live the rest of my life bulimia free. Bulimia is a ghost of my past now . Peace Michael "
"While I&#039;m finding it to be quite effective, since I started taking the medication I&#039;ve had frequent bouts of severe stomach pain and cramping. The pain is so sharp at times that I begin to sweat and can feel my heart racing."
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for about 2 years and I love it. I tried 2 different pills before this one and they were awful. Since starting this pill my periods have been extremely light, no significant weight gain (about 5 pounds), and it is very effective at preventing pregnancy. Sprintec is the epitome of good birth control from my experience. This pill has worked amazing for me, but everyone&#039;s body is different and reacts in different ways. The only true way to know if a pill is right for you is to try it out."
"In 2010, I quit smoking by using Chantix and I did not have any side effects at all. I started smoking again in 2014 after some stressful events in my life happened. I promised myself that I would quit again after things settled down, and I did with the help of Chantix. The second time I took it I had trouble sleeping, but the cravings for cigarettes went away. I took Chantix for 2 months, but did not take the 3rd month because it was not covered by my insurance. Needless to say, I picked up the bad habit again after smoking just 1 cigarette (thinking just 1 would be ok). I started taking Chantix again about a week ago. I know Chantix works. It is just having the willpower to not pick up a cigarette after you quit. &quot;Just 1&quot; for me is not ok"
"After reviewing all these reviews I was mega mega nervous taking this. Caught chlamydia and had to take the single dose of 4 tablets. Was expecting sickness, diarrhoea, vomiting and pretty bad stomach pains. Had some cereal in the morning then 2 hours later took the tablets with some water and waited for the onset of horridness. I&#039;m writing this because reading these reviews can be misleading as people are way more likely to want to vent if they have a bad experience, which is what terrified me. Besides a very small amount of diarrhoea which wasn&#039;t uncomfortable whatsoever and a few painless stomach growls, I haven&#039;t had any other side-effects whatsoever. Take these reviews with a pinch of salt!"
"This birth control has had me bleeding since December 2014. It is now June 2015. I hate this so much. My doctor didn&#039;t even tell me this was going to happen. I went back and she said if it doesn&#039;t stop in 6 MONTHS then I need to get it out. It has been 6 months of nonstop bleeding. &amp; now I have to get it removed. It would have been nice to have been aware of this before getting it put in. Some people bleed for a couple weeks or maybe a month and others for as long as it&#039;s in them. I do not like this birth control at all. It has made me break out, gain weight, eat sooo much more, and I&#039;ve gone through about 7 jumbo boxes of tampons."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for awhile and had no problems and a few months ago I switched to BeYaz and noticed a weight gain so I switched. Other than the weight gain it&#039;s not a bad birth control."
"I have been living with 4 swollen fingers on my right hand (my dominant hand) and have trouble sleeping with pain in both hips and shoulders.  At 49 I feel far too young for arthritis, but sometimes life is not fair.  Dr prescribed Arthrotec yesterday.  2 pills in and I can hold a pen, type and slept like a baby last night!  I&#039;ll take the queasy stomach and gas if it means I&#039;m not cranky because of poor sleep and constant pain!"
"This medicine is very effective for pain, but added unexpected benefit of substantive improvement in quality of sleep. Only side effect is dry mouth and funny taste in mouth. I&#039;ve been on it for two weeks and actually lost one kilo. I&#039;m 39 year old female."
"I took this back when I was 15 and it was perfect for my terrible anxiety and insomnia, 25mg knocked me out completely and put me to sleep. I&#039;ve been on melatonin for the last few years as quetiapine made me too drowsy the next day, but recently I have been back on quetiapine as I have been finding my anxiety keeping me up at night. I&#039;ve put myself back on a 12.5-25mg dose and it&#039;s worked
Wonders. It feels euphoric, and puts me to sleep like a charm. Downsides: I&#039;ve been feeling so out of it during the day, drowsy, harder to wake, plus I&#039;ve had a few headaches and stomach upsets. Also scared I&#039;m going to gain weight as that is commonly reported? As far as doing its job as a sleeping pill though, it&#039;s incredible."
"I gave this medication a 4 because I lost 10 pounds in 2 months on it. It did nothing for my pain and depression, though. I took 60 mg and I weighed from 110-120lbs."
"I take this occasionally for nausea due to c-diff. It helps a lot just to take a pinch of the 4mg dissolvable pill."
"I was put on 150 mg dose about 4 weeks ago for mild depression/anxiety. I had dry mouth, headaches, spacey feeling, and nervousness. All of which added to my anxiety. I switched to 300 mg for 1 week, but the jitters increased and I could have climbed the walls! Rarely felt like eating.  It did not negatively affect my ability to orgasm (like Lexapro did) which was nice, but couldn&#039;t handle the side effects. Trying Cymbalta."
"It works, but every time I use it it causes my heart to speed up really fast and my hands to shake. I avoid it, and I won&#039;t use it even if I know I should. I&#039;ve used it between or during classes and had a hard time note taking because my hands would not stay still. Of course, the important thing is being able to breathe..."
"So.. when i first got the skyla put in it hurt like a bitch. I screamed and cried, it felt like when the put the medicine in you from a shot but time like 1000000000000000000000000000000 it hurts so bad, i almost passed out on the way home slept all day and was sick to my stomach the next. and ever since then it has not stopped hurting. Constant cramps, constant bleeding. It&#039;s been about a month now and the pain is not letting up!  I went back because the pain was so bad and my obgyn put my on antibiotics (which are now done) and pulled it down a bit saying it might have been touching my uterine wall on the top, because I have not had any children so my uterus and cervix are small. That last visit was about a week ago, I still hurt so bad."
"I&#039;ve had issues with GERD for a long time and have jumped between a few different medications. First I started with over the counter medications like Prilosec and worked my way along to Nexium. When that failed me Dexilant was prescribed. For GERD symptoms, Dexilant has kept things well controlled. I&#039;ve been on it for almost 2 years now. However, during that time I&#039;ve experienced a significant increase in gas and abdominal discomfort. Although I&#039;ve uncovered lactose intolerance and a mild sensitivity to gluten, I still exhibit symptoms, so I&#039;m starting to suspect that Dexilant may be contributing.

If it turns out that reducing my intake of Dexilant is the culprit, I may have to choose between well-controlled GERD or Irritable Bowel Syndrome-like symptoms."
"Nuvigil has given me myself and my life back and I am so grateful!
My doc first gave it to me about 7 years ago. The script was for 5-10 days.
Tried it again a few years later after a bad episode and again for 5-10 days.
It was like a magical pill that within 1 day snapped me out of a rough episode!
Fast forward to this past April or May, probably my worst depressive episode ever started in March. Anyway, started back on nuvigil as an ongoing med. NOTHING!
Ran out and couldn&#039;t get to my doc so I ran out. So glad I did bc I got back on it Thursday night and I was feeling better Friday!

I do take other antidepressants so I don&#039;t know how this works on its own.
I never post here but had to in hopes that my story will help someone!"
"I was on LoEstrin FE 24 from November 2011 to November 2012. When I moved,  my new doctor had no samples of the LoEstrin and moved me to Microgestein FE 1/20. My libido was lowered slightly bit considering on the LoEstrin I was a little oversexual, the lowered drive was a relief. My periods on both pills came every other to every two months. Since I am sexually active, I take a pregnancy test after I finish my inactive pills every month just to be sure, however, it&#039;s been effective as a contraceptive. Between the two pills, I have maintained 60 lbs of weight loss postpartum for nearly two years that I had gained while on Depo Provera and during pregnancy. No change in bust size except some swelling before my period. "
"I have Schizoaffective disorder with bipolar features as well as uncontrollable anxiety. This medicine has helped me tremendously! I take 5mg in the morning and 15mg at night so I can fall asleep. I would recommend this medicine for sure!"
"Fantastic! Same as the other reviewers. Take 2mg as soon as the tingling starts, and 2mg twelve hours later. All gone before it really starts. Don&#039;t leave home without them! :-)"
"I got the implant in January 2015, &amp; removed late January 2016.. 

Before getting the implant, I was very much into fitness. I had energy and was always active. When I got the implant, my trainer noticed my lack of energy. Fast forward about 3 months.. I was so exhausted &amp; fatigued I didn&#039;t want to do anything but sleep. I was at a plateau with my weight loss &amp; started getting depressed.. THEN I found out I needed surgery to remove an ovarian cyst. Throughout the year I gained nearly 50 lbs, was fatigued, and the last 6 months had horrible, HEAVY, periods.. I already feel better since having it removed."
"I love Saphris.  Best thing that ever happened to me.  No other medicine compares.  Down side, it&#039;s so expensive.  I get samples from my psychiatrist, but I will be moving out of state soon and I am so afraid I won&#039;t be able to afford Saphris.  It&#039;s the only medicine that gave me the least amount of side effects and lets me lead a normal life."
"Ziana is a great product. I have used it for 4 yrs. After years of suffering with adult acne and trying various dermatologists and products nothing helped! A friend referred me to her dermatologist. I was prescribed Ziana and OTC cleanser Cerave. Due to the cost I almost didn&#039;t buy it. The pharmacist gave me a pep talk and I purchased it. Oh, I am glad I did! I returned to the dermatologist for a 6 week follow up. I was overjoyed with the results my face had completely cleared. The only  thing we didn&#039;t do was to take pictures before. I had no redness or worsen breakouts. I still use it for maintenance. A life changer and I highly recommend it to you. Insurance didn&#039;t cover all of the cost but it was worth it. I thanked my pharmacist too."
"Ambien has been a lifesaver for me.  I have had insomnia since I was a teen, and Ambien has been the only medication I have used that works for me.

There are plenty of &quot;strange&quot; things that can happen if you try to do things between the time you take the medication and onset.  

IMPORTANT:  If you are going to take Ambien, be IN BED, ready to sleep.  It takes effect VERY quickly.

Great medication for insomnia!"
"I have had trigeminal neuralgia since early 2009. I initially tried Tegratol but was unfortunately allergic to it (anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome). Thankfully I was eventually given Neurontin. I am currently on 1200mg three times daily and it is working in conjunction with paracetamol. It has given me respite from the pain and hopefully will continue to do so until I have my operation in late May 2010."
"this and campho phenique are the best cold sore medicines you can get, or at least for me they work. The catch is I have to apply them immediately  after I feel the uncomfortable tingling, even before it breaks through the skin. If I wait for even a small bump to form before applying it, it will take at least 5-6 days before it starts to disappear. But if I do it immediately, the cold sore won&#039;t form. I&#039;m on day 3 and my cold sore is almost gone. It bumped up very slightly the 2nd day but it wasn&#039;t even noticeable. It didn&#039;t turn red or white or that gross yellow color when it scabs over. Just looked like an incredibly tiny skin toned pimple.  And now it&#039;s smaller and flat and almost completely gone. But tonight it will be none existent "
"The nexplanon made me have a period for 3 months straight after I got it, and it also made me gain over 60 pounds, but for it to prevent pregnancy it&#039;s great. I had this birth control for 3 years I get it out in November."
"I started taking this pill and immediately noticed the difference. My life literally changed the moment I took the first pill. While I suffered from uncontrollable speech the first 2 days but my body adjusted. I started with 50mg and I now take 70mg. I am 23 years old. Some other side effects I have experienced are decreased sexual drive, loss of weight and appetite. However, I can concentrate on anything. This pill has taken the characteristic of lazy out of me. I am more productive than ever."
"Risperidone has really helped me.  I used to be either depressed or manic.  My thoughts are clear and my mood is stable now.  I would like to mention that I have not gain a single pound on this drug.  Always, always, always... take this right before you lay down at night to go to sleep.  Take this pill, then lay down and go to bed.  That way, you will sleep your way through the munchies.  I take it as though it is a sleeping pill and it works for me..  I just wanted to share, in hopes that this will help someone else, struggling with weight gain."
"I&#039;ve had cold sores my entire life, recently I&#039;ve been getting outbreak after outbreak. Each one increasing in severity. Last week I started to get what I thought was going to be a minor outbreak as I had just recovered from my last one the week before. I got online and started researching homeopathic remedies, OTC (Abreva, Releev, l lysine, Campho) only seem to work if I use it at just the right time. So I starting trying all the home remedies I read about. Hydrogen peroxide, ice, tea bag, toothpaste, etc. Well, nothing worked. After missing 4 days of school and barely sleeping all week I went to an urgent care, I was prescribed Valtrex. The new sores stopped forming almost immediately and the older ones started healing very fast."
"I&#039;ve had GAD w severe panic attacks for 16 years. I&#039;ve been on just about every combo out there. Celexa daily w xanax as needed works for me. 6 yrs ago I was up to 40mg. I was a zombie. No laughing, no crying, emotionless. I told my doc I wanted off completely. I somehow managed for 4 years w only my xanax. Then came a stressful move. Out comes my daily anxiety rearing its ugly head. Went back on just 10mg for 6 mths. Worked great. Now I&#039;m in some seriously stressful times and attacks are daily, debilitating, and exhausting. Went back on 20mg. I try to do everything as naturally as possible, without relying on pills, but I&#039;m not an idiot. Sometimes you just need a bit more. Find the right dose for you and this stuff can work wonders."
"This drug makes me so lethargic I can&#039;t drive for fear of falling asleep at the wheel. I can barely get out of bed. This got worst when my MD upped the dose to 1.8, I think maybe I should go back a dose. I lose 5lbs in 4 weeks, but I haven&#039;t decided its worth since I am so fatigued I can&#039;t function on a normal level. Most days I can&#039;t even get out of my pajamas but it is the only sympton I have experienced. My MD said he had not heard this complaint from any other patient."
"Took pill after eating dinner, now 9 PM &amp; I was dizzy, felt nauseated, room spun,  then threw up!all within 20 Minutes. Never will I take this again!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I believe this medicine is making me more agitated.  I am in pain as I am waiting to have knee replacement in a month, but I did not act this way with my first knee pain which lead to knee replacement.  I am acting so extremely different, crying, cussing, being ashamed, sharply irritated, over and over.  I say and think the ugliest things, then I&#039;ll cry over a commercial or something out if the blue.  I feel like I&#039;m going crazy.  I believe part of this is due to my doctor instructing me to abruptly stop taking cymbalta 30 (was low level bc I have increased liver enzymes) to Fetizma 40.  No tapering down from Cymbalta or ramping up on Fetizma. I have taken Cymbalta for years.   Could this be it?  If so, when will it end."
"After 3 weeks on this trial drug, Entresto I started having breathing problems. Was out of breath going up stairs and short of breath most of the time.
By my 4th month I had gone from being a 51 yr old to seeming like an 81 yr old. I had no energy and a 10 min walk home now took over half hour. Even though I was walking as slow as possible I had many stops to catch my breath and get my heart rate down. I can no longer walk anywhere and rely on a lift. Stopped taking drug. Maybe down to feeling like a 71 yr old now. Just hoping the side affects will completely disappear. Meeting with consultant end of week."
"I was in MMA class the  Next minute 4 things in my knee snapped. So for 3 months got put on Oxy 5 mil. In bed for 3 months with chrutches and cast on. For my weight I required 2 pills at once so between 5_15 mins pills worked . only downside pills only lasted in me for 1_2 hours then I need more. Yes these pills 100 percent work on me and definitely would help other people in same condition depending on conditions. Did i get Addicted no.... Only take this medication when you have pain or what doctors tell u it is a very very high pain killer. PS can lead to death if taken wrong or too much"
"I have been taking this medication now for two weeks 50mg,For me so far it is the effects are very positive and happy that I am not getting up at night  8 or ten times a night with the urge to go pee,Thank god for this medication Mirabegron."
"I have been on it for a year and love it , but I did have the bad cramping after I got it, that&#039;s the only bad thing. The good thing is no more periods and no more kids for now!"
"Its weird, but Wellbutrin does something where I have the ability to slow down and think for the split second it takes before I do something impulsively.  That&#039;s the only way I can describe it. Leaxpro makes the world annoy me off less and makes me chill. But Wellbutrin - It gives me time to think, is this a good idea!"
"I&#039;ve been on Chantix for 2 weeks I have reduced the amount I smoke and they smell awful and I can&#039;t finish the smoking, I also live with smokers who have decided not to quit and refuse to honor my request to smoke outdoors making it even more difficult to quit. I am a 2 to 3 pk a day sometimes 4pks a day smoker. I am down to less then 2 pks a day. I do have issues with my chest feeling very heavy and shortness of breath since taking Chantix, I have developed vertigo and upper respiratory infection since using Chantix. The cravings aren&#039;t as intense and I don&#039;t feel any anger. I do have very vivid dreams (not nightmares). I am also very itchy all over and get chills and hot flashes since taking Chantix and am very tired all the time."
"Have been taking Pristiq for just on a month -- relief from anxiety and depression after 3 days and able to concentrate and focus again to full capacity -- no side effects and sleeping well. I was on Efexor on and off for 10 years, with not a lot of relief from anxiety symptoms.  Have lost some weight as well, and am starting to feel very positive."
"I have been on this birth control for over 3 years now, and it has been amazing for me. I tried Sprintec and had crazy mood swings and depression. After switching to this my life has completely changed. I have very regular periods (I know that I will start in the morning on Tuesday of my period week), and my periods have gotten much lighter and shorter. I used to bleed heavily for 7-9 days, so this birth control has worked wonders. I don&#039;t think it has made me gain weight, but it is hard to tell as I graduated college and took a desk job a few years ago which influences weight as well. All in all I have only gained around 10 lbs whether it be due to the birth control or taking the desk job. I would highly recommend."
"Great drug for me.  I am a 42 yo wife who has been taking Lexapro for 5 weeks and I love it! Only side effect is crazy dreams. Before this I thought of suicide almost daily.  Now, I feel like I can go on. I threw a Halloween party and invited 40 people over.  I&#039;m getting back to the old me. I meet with my doctor in 2 days and I can hardly wait to tell him what a difference this medication has made in my life. I&#039;m so grateful."
"Following a massive heart attack in 2013 I was prescribed this med while in hospital to relax and to help with my insomnia. They are fabulous, the only thing I have noticed shortly after using my memory is not so sharp and constantly looking for words. Despite this I plan on continuing to use them as this medicine helps me greatly in a quality of life. Suffered for 15 years of non sleep, which highly contributed in my massive heart attack at a young age of 56 with no previous symptoms nor family background.  Issue my docs do not want to prescribe this med and this worries me a great deal. They are essential to me living a productive life!"
"I&#039;ve been on many anti-depressants. I experienced a few side effects from this one. The major one I experienced was the headaches. However within less than 1 week the side effects were gone. I also experienced night sweats in the first few weeks. This has stopped me from crying a lot which is good."
"I had taken Buspar many years ago until one day I decided I just didn&#039;t need it anymore and stopped taking it, no weaning, no withdrawal. Now I&#039;m back on it again and will stay on it until I feel that way again. It took a couple weeks, and a few days of depression, before it took hold but I have never experienced any side effects. In fact the only thing I feel is that I am thinking positively, rather than looking for a boogey-man in everything. Just a natural feeling of health. Recently the doctor tried something else because of poor sleep and gave me lorazepam, which made my arms and legs feel heavy and I slept for 12 hours, and then diazepam which did nothing much but dampened my feelings and sleep was worse. I&#039;ll stay with Buspar."
"I had unprotected sex on Sunday 8 and my boyfriend did cum in me so we went out and got the plan b pill the next day (Monday 9). I felt fine the first two hours but bad cramps and nausea kicked in and hasn&#039;t left so far up to Wednesday 11. 

Hoping this pill works."
"Been taking for 5/40 10 years. no problems at all and keeps the pressure down."
"after trying all ssri for 3 months i tried this snri and within 4 days i felt better. my depression and anxiety were reduced and after one month i m absolutely fine. it has proven to be lifesaver for me. i fully recommend it."
"I have been on Tegretol for 15 years and it definitely controls the hypomania and rapid cycling, though not the depression so well.  It sort of leaves you feeling flat, but I had tried lithium, Depakote, and a few of the atypical antipsychotics and they were too heavy duty or left me with extreme weight gain.  When I went on Tegretol I have 50 pounds of extra weight from Depakote....it came off within 4 months.  I am not thin now, as I have gotten older, but I suppose it is still the drug for me.  At this stage of the game I don&#039;t feel like trying other meds as I have to work and function.  I also take a small dose of Lamictal too."
"I was taking this birth control for a little less than three years. I started when I was 15 for Polycystic ovarian syndrome. When I first started taking it I was EXTREMELY moody, it was as if all hell broke lose. After a few months my period became lighter and I had less cramps. This year was the worst: extreme depression, moodiness, severe cramps, long periods, Etc. The biggest issue I had was EXTREME weight gain (not at all in the right places) I had to get off it. I went from being 118 pounds to 154. Terrible experience. The only pro was that it cleared my acne. Finally switched so we will see how my new one works out."
"I stopped sleeping totally at some point in my life and after a lot of struggle my doctor put me on amitriptyline. I hated the thought of being on a psychotic drug but with my body clearly denying me sleep, I had no choice. 

Amitriptyline felt like a miracle. My first night, I slept a deep volume of dreamless sleep. My eyes wouldn&#039;t even open. Aside from having a dry mouth and having a really irritating taste in my mouth, it was perfect. 

Four years down the line, I am still on amitriptyline. The 50mg dosage works well for me.  I have increased dosage and reduced it over the years but 50mg has remained my regular dose"
"I had this BC for about 5 months. Pros: Didn&#039;t getting pregnant, no periods, no acne Cons: major weight gain. I decided to take it out because it began to irritated my arm....it scarred my arm the first time it was inserted and scarred it when I took it out. Will try something else"
"My migraines seem to have increased in intensity."
"I&#039;ll admit, the first couple of months are terrible but once you get over that hump, it&#039;s really amazing. I&#039;ve always had extremely heavy, painful periods and I&#039;ve always been prone to ovarian cysts every 6 months. It&#039;s month 8 on Microgestin and not only are my periods lighter but my face doesn&#039;t break out and I&#039;ve lost 16lbs. This stuff has honestly changed my life."
"I&#039;ve been taking hydrocodone for a almost 3 years for back pain (spinal stenosis) the dosage has been increased from 2.5 to 10 MG. (gradually, over a 2 year period) and although it does not take away all of the pain, it DOES help quite a bit. I struggle with the fact that I need the pain meds, and on occasion, I stop taking it for a few days to a week, hoping I can make it without it, THAT&#039;S when I realize just how much it helps. The bright side is, I&#039;ve discovered I can just stop cold turkey, without any withdrawal issues, and I&#039;m truly thankful for that. "
"I have only been using Differin for a few days. I have seen a big difference from other regions I have been using. Today, I had a breakout. Like the one I orginally got that sent me to the doctor. I spoke with the pharmacist. She had told me that this particular medication tends to get worse before it gets better. Being hopeful I am still using my Finacea in the mornings and my Metronidazole topical in the afternoons and the Differin before bed. All the while taking the prescribed medication as well. Also always use an additional moisturizer because these all like to dry your skin out.  Another thing to add if you are on the minocycline and differin both are sensitive to sunlight. So if you go out use a moisturizer with sunblock. Roscea 1yr"
"When on this medication,along with a long-acting
pain medication, I feel this helps to wean 
down my pain levels."
"I began taking Requip when it first came on the market for restless legs syndrome. My symptoms got better for about 6 months, then slowly got worse. As the dosage increased, so did the systems. What began as nightly leg twitching/aches, got so bad I began having anxiety attacks at night.  It was very common for me to have an anxiety attack and end up getting up on the computer until about 3am until I couldn&#039;t keep my head up anymore (Getting up at 5am for work, I was a walking zombie). Also as the dosage increased, I began having symptoms while sitting at my desk at work and also experienced nightly vomiting/dry heaving. I became suicidal. After 6 yrs I switched to Mirapex. After 5  yrs I&#039;m on minimal dosage with incredible results. I feel human again!"
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 Fe for 10 months. So far...
- No weight gain 
- Light periods (2-3 days), occasionally no period
- Fewer acne
- Decreased my sex drive a little (I had crazy sex drive, so it&#039;s a good thing to me)
- Does its job when it comes to protection, no pregnancy. 
- No mood swing

Sometimes it takes a bit of work to find a pill that will work with your body. In my case, Loestrin 24Fe works fine with me. I&#039;m a very petite person that&#039;s about 4&#039;11 and 90 lb."
"I have had no relapses since I have been on Rebif. I did not experience the sick feeling, Thank God. I do not like the sting, which can vary from none to a bee sting feeling. Also the mark that it leaves. I use my butt so they can not be seen."
"I have Sjogren&#039;s and RA, put on Hydroxy 400mg a day.  I been on them for 3 months and don&#039;t notice any difference at all.  I do have intense Tinnitus which is now getting almost unbearable.  At first I had stomach pains but Omeprazole helps this and also I now have terrible constipation.  I don&#039;t rate this drug very well at all and am coming off it and will try natural methods to help my symptoms."
"Best birth control I have every been on. I was on Seasonquie before the patch and I had my period for a month straight. I have been on almost every birth control. This is by far the best birth control I have ever been on. It also helped with my acne. I only break out maybe two pimples before my period now. It also cleared up my acne I had before going on this birth control."
"Very good, the only bad experience is trying to get the prescription filled. A lot of pharmacies wound fill for certain Doctors. The DA makes a list of Doctors the that have a lot of patients and start giving them a hard time and tell the Pharmacies not to fill for them. But they don&#039;t realize that there aren&#039;t enough Pain management Doctors in certain areas especially in clinics for the poor.   So too many people especially the elders have to go through life in chronic pain.  "
"I am 42 years old and have suffered panic disorder since I was 17 years old. Have racing thoughts, mind won&#039;t slow down enough to accomplish a task. Since taking Provigil I have moved forward and been able to complete and follow through on projects and not get frustrated and anxious. Have had no side effects, nor have I experienced a come off effect. I&#039;m stable as she goes all day long. It has not effected my sleep either."
"I love it! I have not gotten a period since I had it put in and so far I have had no trouble with it at all. The only thing is that it has caused my skin to become a lot more oily, which has caused me to break worse than ever. But I would definitely say that it is worth it!"
"I have partial complex seizures. I also take tegretol XR and Diamox. Before Vimpat I was a seizure at least 3-5 times a month, especially after my menstruation. But I can say with the vimpat I don&#039;t have seizures, I will a little jump here and there but nothing major. The major side effects I have experience are the following: weight gain (about 50 pounds), dizzy when I intially take it if I don&#039;t eat enough food, and sometimes my words and thoughts would be off. lately I notice that I fall a lot but I don&#039;t know if its related or the vimpat. But I can say it has controlled my seizues. It didn&#039;t increase my appetite but I have gained a lot of weight, my Dr say its normal with Vimpat. I receive Vimpat for free with the patient assitance."
"doesn&#039;t work at all at least for me.never gonna use it again."
"This is my first birth control ever. I am 18 years old, 116lbs and am on my third week. It made my vagina really dry. Gave me emotional mood swings. I am also upset at my boyfriend and feeling angry. I have no sexual drive. I am definitely going to try another pill."
"I was very hopeful when starting Saphris, but it didn&#039;t take long for my family and I to see this was NOT the medication for me. I asked doctors to take me of this but I kept on being told to give it more time. I would sleep over 12 hours a day and if I could SOMEHOW manage to stay up with the use of coffee and energy drinks, I was a shell. I would sit there confused, unable to really talk or take care of myself. I took it twice a day once in the morning and once before bed, and rather than give me my life it was robbing me of what little I had.

It also didn&#039;t help with my delusions or paranoid thinking. I even still saw shadows and things of that nature from time to time."
"Every night at bedtime I take my medication. sometimes its hard to get up and walk to the counter and get a glass of water to take a pill that is hard to swallow. YET... every night I do my ritual ALWAYS thinking of the beautiful people WHO COULDN&#039;T take ANY medication because it hadn&#039;t been invented or wasn&#039;t available to them. All those beautiful bright eyes languishing away and we couldn&#039;t do anything for them. All those young boys and girls lost to a sea of despair. There was nothing we could do for them then.  Corny, I know but truth nevertheless. So I get to the counter for my ATRIPLA"
"I started this when I was 27 years old, diagnosed as ADHD. I have had problems my entire life with struggling to stay awake (in general), excessive daydreaming, and socializing. This medicine turned my life around. Not only was I able to stop daydreaming, finish a task and make a list (for the first time ever), I felt more confident carrying on group conversations. I also lost a lot of weight, which I did need to do."
"I take 2 x 5mg pills for kidney stones. It&#039;s like morphine it will make you lightheaded and dizzy. Constipation is a problem with this medicine too."
"I have been on Fluoxetine about 7 weeks now, and I am really starting to see improvements. Before I started taking the medicine I had been affected by a painful breakup and had what could only be described as radio noise/chatter in my head, that&#039;s nearly all but gone, my appetite is back, I have interest in things again, my family said I&#039;m happier, everything is getting easier to cope with. I have my life back. The first few weeks were difficult but stick with it. I took great comfort from the experiences of others and that I am not alone. You are not alone and we are all in the same boat and taking the first step to getting better is not easy, but I hope that people can take some comfort from my personal experience."
"So I promised myself if this works, I have to write a review to put someone out of their worrying misery because believe me I WAS SCARED FOR 2 WEEKS STRAIGHT. So I had sex with my s/o on August 1st, with no condom or form of birth control (yes I know dumb but hey I&#039;m human ya know) and he came in me, completely. On this day, my period tracker app said I was fertile so this was completely worst case scenario to me. I took the plan b 3 hours after the incident, but boy let me tell you! I was nauseous for the whole week! In my head I was like &quot;yup, I&#039;m done for. I&#039;m pregnant.&quot;
Fast forward to August 17th, I got my period a day early and it is HEAVY and PAINFUL. Plan b works. RELAX PLEASE!"
"I suffer from PCOS &amp; for 4 1/2 years had bad cycle that required either 2 over nights or pamper. I would get my period for 2 - 4 months straight. I went to different hospitals, doctors &amp; obgyn &amp; none could tell me what was wrong. I finally found a great OBGYN &amp; she figured it out, she had placed me on a different birth control pill &amp; it didnt work it went away the first day, then it came back with a vengence. Once i told her this they did a scan &amp; they noticed PCOS. i was going to need something a little stronger &amp; because of so much blood loss i was anemic. They gave me sprintec, the first time i drank it they made me drink two pill in a day, it was hell because i got a lot dizzyness but ive been on for a while &amp; its normalized my cycle."
"This is very strong medication. I came from abroad with a bronchial infection and had to see my doctor. Cephalaxin and Clarithromycin prescribed to me abroad by doctors apparently could not suppress the infection and my doctor put me on Avelox on a 7 day course. I finished the course with great reluctance yesterday. It did relieve the symptoms to a great degree, but the side effects have been severe. I have severe loss of appetite, continue to be nauseous, lethargic, experience loss of energy and became dizzy. I had extremely uncomfortable palpitations, tightness and pain in the chest throughout the course, and several sleepless nights. I have lost nearly 5 pounds over the seven days."
"I have numerous spinal conditions including failed lumbar fusion surgery, (L4/L5 fusion) disc collapse at L3/,L4 &amp; L5/S1, osteoarthritis throughout my spine, damaged nerves, spinal fontinal narrowing, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis in my shoulders, knees and hips. I&#039;m also taking spinal nerve blocks and nerve root burnings on 6 levels in my lumbar and sacral spine. I was given theirs and was told I&#039;d never had anything &quot;this strong&quot;for pain. I absolutely get no relief from this medication and I&#039;m not a drug seeking patient. I am a mom to 4 children, my youngest is 3 and has special needs due to a chromosome duplication. All I want is to feel somewhat normal without being so messed up I&#039;m not aware of what&#039;s going on around me."
"Works great but no more coverage for this medicine, can&#039;t afford it."
"I went to the E.R. with a severe case of food poisoning,  after hours of fluids, IVs, various drugs, they were able to get it to stop. I filled my prescription for bentyl the next day, 20mg two times a day. After about 45 minutes I started getting bad cramps and the worse diarrhea ever. I do not recommend this to anyone."
"Well like so many others I have to say I had extreme nausea for 3 days while taking this followed by a day of vomiting. I called my GP who told me to stop it immediately. I have never had a reaction to antibiotics before. On the other hand after taking just 3 doses on the first day the burning pain and need to urinate was gone! I also too 400mg ibruprofen for the flank pain. 

So yes it did work very fast at targeting my UTI symptoms which was great, but it left my lethargic, feeling terribly sick and throwing up after 3 days of doses. Worth trying if you are experiencing a severe UTI, but not as a first try!"
"Diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s at 42. Took Asacol till a couple years ago. It was no longer available. Now on Asacol HD. Works well and no flares in 2 years. Price is expensive. Our insurance just sent us a letter they will no longer cover it starting next month. Gastro doc will be switching me to another name brand (Lialda). I hope it works the same!"
"I&#039;ve had chronic constipation since I was a child. Diet, exercise, water, fiber supplements, medications, Miralax; nothing helped. I was taking Ex-Lax and Duralax 1-2 times a week to clear myself out, designating &quot;laxative days&quot; because they would take so long to take effect. I suffered from previous impactions, enemas, colonoscopies, seen multiple gastroenterologists; until I found my current doctor who prescribed a Linzess, Miralax combination. It took a little tweaking to get to the right dosage for me but it worked right away. I had never known what it was like to have even semi-weekly bowel movements, let alone daily! It generally takes about 2 hours to work and then I have my whole day ahead. LOVE IT"
"I will recommend this to anyone. I actually ran across this at the pharmacy It was on the bottom of the shelf and for a good price. When I took it I felt relief within 20mins and was able to get a good nights rest."
"Since I had the mirena I haven&#039;t gotten my period at all. It&#039;s been a year and I haven&#039;t bled. I have gained a lot of weight specially on my legs and I do get a lot of cramps sometimes."
"16 years old. Therapist and I decided to turn to medication after 6 months in therapy had little effect. I was prescribed 10mg citalopram, which we tapered up to from 5mg. After only 2 days had passed on the 5mg dose, it was already having positive effects; it stopped me from having a panic attack when I normally would have. It&#039;s been a week, and each passing day my anxiety is lessened as well as some of the underlying depression. I have had side effects though; slight headaches, nausea some drowsiness (especially after taking a dose) and some of the worst heartburn ever. It&#039;s only been speedbumps in my normal day, though."
"I am 18 with no kids and decided I wanted to go through medical school without having to worry about having a child so decided on Skyla.  For the insertion I took one Xanax I don&#039;t remember the dosage but my experience was pretty much painless a slight burning feeling when she pulled on my cervix but nothing more! My period has lightened a ton! But the cramps I get during my period are very painful! Overall I love it and am a firm believer in it!"
"I have had rapid cycling bipolar for years. My depression was always there even when I was at my best. I started taking latuda about 8 months ago and I&#039;ve been without a major episode for 6 months. I think it&#039;s my miracle drug I haven&#039;t been this well in over 10 years."
"I started typing out a long saga but ran out of character space so long story short: Wore the Ortho-evra patch back in high school, worked great, got rid of my moderate acne. Fast forward to now, dermatologist prescribed Ortho tri cyclen for my acne (it&#039;s come back since quitting previous birth control).. Been on this STUPID pill for 2 months ALONG WITH spironolactone AND minocyclin and it&#039;s turned my moderate white heads into gross, painful cystic acne and I&#039;m getting married in 4 months and do not have a year to wait it out. My self esteem and sanity are not worth waiting on this pill to work. Switching back to the patch today. I&#039;m giving it 2 stars because maybe if I waited it out it would work but bride-to-be ain&#039;t got time for that "
"I was diagnosed with anxiety and major depression just over a year ago. I am a 19 year old female and have a very difficult family situation. I first tried Cipralex which made me really irritable, then I tried Wellbutrin which gave me a rash. I was then on Cymbalta for 6 months, but I had many side effects and was exhausted. Within the first week on Pristiq I began to notice a huge difference, much more energy. A month later I almost feel like my old self, lots of energy, I can control my own thoughts, and I can concentrate which is amazing because I&#039;m in university. I&#039;m so glad I finally found something that works for me, and I&#039;m looking forward to more improvements over time."
"I started Klonopin 1mg 4x a day for social anxiety. I used to find it hard and was nerve-wrecking to talk to people I didn&#039;t know personally. I went through a long depression period for a few years and stayed to myself and sometimes didn&#039;t leave the house for weeks at a time. Then two years ago I got these Klonopin and it&#039;s made me more relaxed to start conversations with people I don&#039;t even know. Started being more outgoing, so I would say it definitely works wonders. "
"I was using over the counter medicines to sleep.  I wake up after 3-4 hours of sleeping.  I took Rozerem when I woke up and was able to sleep for an additional six hours. I feel great the next morning. Not groggy. I have only used it for two nights so it remains to be seen how it will work long term but so far much better than Ambien in terms of quality of sleep."
"After two days my sight was restored. It was terrific except it did not last more than a few weeks. Had the same experience with Eylea."
"My RA med stripped my Immune System. I was getting sick every mth. My antibody levels were literally going down in sequence over time (5,4,3,2,1..).  Then after 3 months on Hizentria (20%,10mg,50cc, once weekly), the jump in all of my numbers&#039;s was AMAZING! Ex: neg/0 up to 7/8!, etc. I&#039;m NOT getting sick every month! Bonus, they have the BEST Patient Support Programs I&#039;ve ever seen! From P2P support, Monthly CoPay Asst, even some coverage Help if Insurance is Lost!, etc!"
"I got skyla inserted on Friday , the insertion was very painful for me. I am 21, 5&#039;7 , 134lbs and have never had any children. The pain during the actual insertion was nothing compared to what I experienced afterwards. As a woman who has never had any children , you do not really know where your uterus is until it has been messed with. It&#039;s literally like the core of a woman&#039;s body. I  got the insertion on my menstrual cycle and I still felt extremely uncomfortable. And the cramps got worse and worse as the day went by . I was doubled over at some point and began to sweat , and from there I passed out twice . Since then I&#039;ve had no trouble just mild cramps. I&#039;m eager to see if skyla will work for me ."
"The antibiotic basically did its job well. I was diagnosed with acute tonsilitis. but the terrible side effects were really hard to endure! The agony of having to wait until I&#039;m done with the whole set is just too much for me. The heartburn it gives me is one that will haunt me for a long time! It felt like I&#039;ve swallowed razors that got stuck somewhere down my esophagus. The burn made me cry literally because it was so painful!! I also couldn&#039;t function well at work with the sudden bouts of headaches this drug gives me. I&#039;ll remember this drug&#039;s name for sure so that the next time my doctor prescribed this to me, I&#039;ll be sure to tell him I&#039;m allergic to it! LOL!!!"
"Used when migraine has already formed and still reduces pain.  Needs to be taken twice for maximum reduction of symptoms.  Last minute resort usually, as it is pretty expensive."
"I have been on Suboxone for at least 4 years. I went from 3 times 8mg to 4mg 1 time daily and I felt just as a normal functioning person with regular feelings. Everything was normal. Now I am in a country where they don&#039;t have such a medication and I am back on methadone and feel as I felt before while being on heroine and other opioid substances. No feelings, no nothing. I can&#039;t wait to get back home to keep taking Suboxone because this is a miracle pill if you even decided to stay on maintenance. I felt just fine on 2mg 1 time daily but I tapered myself gradually over months. So I can just recommend for people who have opiate addiction problems to switch to Suboxone."
"Hi- I am a guy from middle east and would like to share my experience with Lustral or Zoloft. I took it for about 7 months with 50 mg per day. It gave me good energy throught the day but couldnt sleep well in the night . The bad side effect that I hate really is low s3xual drive and unable to cum . It gave me some confidence but makes me aggressive . I shared my story coz i always come here and what others are posting . For me I dont know how much it takes to work perfect."
"I have been taking this now for two months. I am currently at 31 lbs weight loss and I feel better than ever. It works great as an appetite suppressant, I don&#039;t have any of those carbohydrate cravings and my energy and focus are through the roof. I have no jitters, restlessness, or any of the side effects mentioned. I am very happy with this product. In addition to the medication I have been on a high protein, low fat, low carb diet with occasional exercise. I try to exercise at least 3 days a week, but it usually ends up being 1 to 2 days a week because something always comes up. I have been on diets and pills for 15 years and this is the first thing that has ever worked for me and been pleasant too. Would recommend to anyone."
"What have they done?! They used a very cheap manufactured plastic bottle which can&#039;t be opened and used until drill a hole into it which leads to waste half the liquid, secondly its use makes your congestion worst completely blocked after its temorary effect is gone, you end up having no choice but become an addicted to its use.. never recommend it to anyone"
"This is the only medication that helped with my lower back pain that was caused from a car accident."
"Started off on Webutrin (Bupoprion) because Strattera was non-formulary and required approval that didn&#039;t meet my schedule.  Switched, and noticed a dip in mood, but figured that it was some sort of withdrawal from being off Welbutrin. Started at 20mg P.O. for 10 days with no effect, increased dosage to 40mg as scheduled.  Strange dreams, not quite nightmares.  unusual temperature regulation, cold chest, sweating legs.  Started to experience severe difficulty in just getting out of bed, started to have significant irritability and being outright enraged over some things.  Started to experience signs of depression.  Girlfriend noticed and said that she was actually worried about me.   Called doc, was advised to stop. 36 hrs back to normal."
"I love this medicine, was working so good no side effects, went to the pharmacy to get more they told me was descontinued ."
"I was diagnosed with status migrainosis in November 2016. I tried an SNRI anti-depressant and have had two rounds of Botox. I can say neither have been effective. The only effect from Botox I&#039;ve noticed has been the tight band around my head in the first dose of shots and then increased soreness in neck and shoulders in second lot. And I had to skip out of work yesterday because my eyeball and side of head hurt so freakin&#039; much - two weeks out from the second round of Botox treatment. I do not recommend. My migraines are likely hormonal in nature and I have epilepsy. While that is controlled, it leaves me with few options. Loathe to try anti-convulsants as it might muck up my brain in worse ways. Yes, there are worse states to be in."
"I had the same issue as KimmerD30.  I love Afrin but after about a month from the purchase date, it takes on a mildewy smell even though the expiration date is at least a year away.  It makes me nervous about continuing to use it once this happens.  I keep the bottle on my nightstand so temperature is not an issue. Does anybody know what causes this and is it still safe to use once this happens?"
"I took this medicine in early June for Bronchitis. It worked and I was all better by the time it was done. In early July I began to feel general malaise with various sypmtoms, nausea, fatigue etc. They did blood work and found that my AST and LST #&#039;s were near 1000 and 900 respectively. It took 4 months for my numbers to go down. And a month later I started to experience gastrointestinal problems which is still going on. Not a good experience at all."
"About 7 years ago, my cholestrol, BMI, BP were 260, &gt; 30, and 180/110, respectively. After 8 weeks of exercise, I lost 40 lb, new BMI =19. Cholestrol &lt; 170, BP=145/100. Started Toporol 25mg. A year later, added Benicar 20/12.5. I have a frequent side effect that Doctor doesn&#039;t understand: I call it GyaRel11am Syndrome. At around 11 am (after 3 hrs of intake of medicine), I feel bad. Hand/feet feel cold. I am confused. I rush to take lunch. In next 15 min, I am normal for whole day. "
"Xanax is a miracle for my anxiety and depression. Before taking this, I could not handle doing the things I love, such as hanging out with friends and going to concerts where I would be around large numbers of people. I take usually 2-4 mg a day, and can function normally, be calm, and be around people. Although Xanax has a high potential of dependency to it, and can cause serious withdrawals after suddenly stopping the medicine, for me the benefits outweigh the risks. Xanax helps me live life happily and with confidence in myself."
"I began Contrave in Sept 2015. I lost about 40 lbs by January, mostly due to nausea at first, but then because it helped me really consider if I needed more whenever I ate. I was able to keep this weight off for about a year. At that point I began to slowly see a creep back up on the scale. After 20 lbs returning and I was taking the max dose, I determined that the side effects- eye focus problems and constipation- were no longer worth it. I stopped taking the pills and it took about 6 weeks before I felt like me again. It has been about 8 months and I am at my pre-Contrave weight again- such a defeat. About 2 weeks ago, I decided to try again. I took 1 pill at night for the first 2 weeks and the nausea is there, but not as bad as before."
"I am 42 yrs old. I have never had luck on birth control pills because it always made me edgy and irritable, snapping at everyone. Had IUD for years. I had a ovary removed after a tubal pregnancy and a few years later my other ovarian vein clamped off due to pelvic congestion syndrome. My hormones were messed up so obgyn suggested  the pill. I did 3 mo on one and gained 15 lbs and was super grumpy just like years ago. Obgyn suggested lolo and wow!!! First week was a little rough but I can say no side effects. I have stable hormones and just feel happy every day. No more screeching at everyone or crying and misery.  Lolo is highly recommended if u had trouble tolerating traditional bc pills."
"Great experience with Femring and it&#039;s the only hormone replacement that works for me. Wishing it was not so expensive."
"This stuff works great with no side effects. I had my gallbladder removed and was suffering from GERD. My doctor prescribed me this. Now I can eat whatever I want with no heartburn."
"I am very happy with my Mirena, BESIDES the horrible acne.  I was on birth control pills to help take care of it.  Every time my body thinks I am going to get my period, I break out pretty bad. Insertion of the Mirena was very, very painful. I would highly suggest asking for something for the pain if you have not had kids, get bad cramps anyway and are planning on getting this placed.  I was so sore for the first few weeks.  Every once in while I will get random cramps on the one side where I always got really, really bad cramps.  But they are so minimal in comparison.  Was good choice!"
"I had another GI doctor suggest Miralax for a colonoscopy prep and that was a mistake. the doctor who did the test could not see anything and I had to come back another time with a &quot; real prep&quot;"
"Hospitalized for a major gut infection. I was told this was the strongest antiemetic they could give me.... unfortunately the nausea was only mildly helped. However, vomiting did stop. This medication didn&#039;t make me dizzy at all. Tastes like cough medicine. I recommend this for mild nausea, it wasn&#039;t really effective for treating more intense nausea. VERY expensive for how little relief it gave me."
"One of the best benzodiazepines I have taken."
"except for slight nausea and a short flop sweat this medication works great for me - Within 24 hours the symptoms disappear and I&#039;m good to go. I am looking for an alternative but for now, this is all that works for me. I have a prescription for it and whenever I have a confirmed UTI (using home UTI sticks) I take it for 3-7 days twice a day. I usually don&#039;t have a re-occurrence and so far the medicine has not decreased in efficacy."
"I took my first 20mg. Relplax tonight and it only took an hour to take away a severe migraine!  Earlier I had taken 325 mg of Tylenol and 500 mg of aspirin which didn&#039;t take the migraine away so I took a Relplax and it worked a miracle!  I&#039;m hoping Pfizer is going to continue to offer the 10.00 co-pay in 2014 from their site because even with insurance nine pills would have cost me 60.00."
"Mirapex is a great medication for RLS. I started taking it when it first came out. I was a little stuffy if for some reason I didn&#039;t fall asleep right away but I didn&#039;t notice any other side affects, which is why I&#039;m commenting now. I am one of the lucky (sarcasm) ones who had severe side affects, incontrollable compulsive behavior. Gambling consumed my mind and almost ruined my life. I went to my doctor for help, he sent me to a psychiatrist and tested me for drugs but apparently had no knowledge of the side affects. Even the psychiatrist, who specialized in gambling addiction, had no knowledge of the Mirapex side affects. The people at gamblers anonymous didn&#039;t know about it, really, no one does and I&#039;d like to change that."
"I had previously been on the pill for many years and thought that switching to Nexplanon would make life a bit easier. It was okay for the first few months, though my period was really unpredictable. Starting in November 2015 my period remained constant through when I got it removed in February 2016. A week after, my acne is cleared up, I have more energy, I am less moody, I am less bloated. Looking through some other reviews I think my problems over the past year with acne, weight gain, and mood swings may be partially attributable to Nexplanon. My doctor told me that Nexplanon either works really well or not at all. If you get Nexplanon, I would urge you to have it removed at the outset of any trouble rather than waiting as long as I did."
"Avoid at all costs - Weight gain is insane.  Hungry all of the time, can&#039;t stop eating even when full, and that awful feeling afterwards.  BE AWARE - coming off of this is hell, too.  Be very careful, and come off of this very slowly."
"I am a 52 year female and have been on Dyazide for 10 days.  I have had no side effects from the medication and edema in my leg has cleared up completely.  I have also lost 12 pounds of water weight. Blood Pressure has improved, but still higher than it should be."
"Singulair has been a blessing for my asthma.  However when I was switched to the generic, in October, all of my asthma symptoms came back.  Wheezing, shortness of breath, use of inhaler (which I only used prior to exercise) several times a day.  My doctor has written me a prescription for brand Singulair.  The pharmacy gave me the three pills they had in stock and ordered the rest to come in tomorrow.  I did the same thing a few weeks ago with another pharmacy and their distributor no longer carries the brand.  Hopefully this will not happen again tomorrow and I can go back on the brand Singulair.  Since the problem with the generic I have been on Prednisone, Symbicort and two nasal spray to try and get my asthma under control."
"Paxil has changed my life for the better.  My PCP switched me to Paxil after trying Zoloft first.  Zoloft didn&#039;t help my anxiety and I still needed to take Xanax.  I had immediate relief the first day on Paxil and haven&#039;t needed Xanax at all.  And my hot flashes are gone.  Life is beautiful!"
"It has been approximately 3 months and I am down 12 lbs. The side effects are minor and well worth the loss of weight. Although the weight loss has been slow, I never felt deprived of food ONCE. I plan to stay on it for a year as I have another 40 lbs to go. This pill definitely decreases my appetite. I have experienced a few headaches and yes, the coughing, but compared to having a heart attack from being overweight, I am fine with that. If you are overweight, I think you should give this medication a try for at least a month or two. Also, never felt jittery at all on this. The biggest downside is the cost. I think that is part of the plan - it costs so much that you can&#039;t afford food after paying for it. They offer a $75 off coupon."
"My 5yr old daughter had a nasty flare-up that travelled from under her arm to half way down her inner forearm. Wasted money at Chemist buying OTC creams for a month that did nothing. Seeing her in pain &amp; itching was awful, so went back to Drs &amp; were prescribed Elocon-UNBELIEVABLE!!!! Cleared completely in 36hrs &amp; has never come back-this was 7yrs ago!"
"Drink the full glass of water. Then this action is more natural than many others I have tried. Find the right amount for you and then it doesn&#039;t cause painful stomach or flatulence."
"This medication was very effective in clearing the severe acne."
"Best medicine i&#039;ve taken in the past 15 years. Makes me a little dizzy at times but is controllable."
"I attempted suicide a few times and was hospitalized for months. I was out of work and on social security and on other meds from 2008 until 2014. I was taking meds that were extremely expensive and could not afford them. I had relocated and had a new doctor. He decided to try me on Paxil.  WOW is all I can say I was like a different person in a very short time. I have gone back to work and now hold down a fulltime position and have a life. It was like a miracle drug for me. My doctor told me I needed to let you know of my success as he was astonished also. THANK YOU FOR PAXIL"
"I have always been an anxious person. I&#039;m a musician who performs a lot and have been taking Xanax for performing anxiety. About a month ago I went home to visit my family and started having really bad anxiety attacks that would happen every day. My heart would start racing, palpitations, hyperventilation and numbness in my arms. Every single time I thought that it was the end of my life and I was waiting for my heart to stop. I went and got blood tests and all was fine. Saw a cardiologist and my heart is ok.( I have bradycardia with rbm under 50). 
I saw a psychiatrist who prescribed seroxat(peroxetine) 10 mg before bed. It has been 2 weeks and I&#039;m starting to feel better. Haven&#039;t had another panic attack. no side effects either."
"Did not help what so ever!"
"Excellent medicine. Pulmonary hypertension practically normal since using the medicine."
"I felt very groggy and out of it for while on this drug, I felt like I could barely form a thought and had great difficulty interacting with people while on it. I had no feelings, no emotions it felt like if I had to choose an emotion it would be disoriented."
"I have trouble sleeping since my MOM passed away, plus a move too. So this really helps to calm me down, from my grief too, also to get the rest I need."
"Over the last 6 months , I&#039;ve been suffering from panic attacks and severe anxiety. Accompanied with  frequent fear I experience daily physical symptoms ( pain in chest, dizziness  rapid heart rate etc. which started to control my daily life. I started taking Propranolol 10MG 3 times a day, within about 2-3 days I felt so much calmer and could cope with day to day life a lot better. Over the course of a few weeks my anxiety attacks and panic were becoming fewer and fewer . this medication has been a big turning point for me . Fingers crossed this continues"
"This cream is very and very strong, this is perhaps what many do not realise. I don&#039;t have a very sensitive skin but i had mild acne and my doctor proscribed a daily use of it. I applied before going to bed and after there second application my face totally broke out and it looked as if I had burnt my face fighting with fire, my patches were enormous and it would itch and burn. I discontinued after the third day and saw my dermatologist who proscribed Monovo to fight the side effects and Skinoren to apply instead of Epiduo. I wish I had read this thread before actually starting with Epiduo. I had to take extra unplanned holiday because I couldn&#039;t go to work with a tomato red face."
"I started with 30mg of Cymbalta and after 4 days noticed I had absolutely no pain whatsoever anywhere in my body after years of pain. I was ecstatic. That lasted 2 1/2 months and it all came back with a vengeance. I stopped taking it cold with no ill effects. Very disappointed. I&#039;m trying 5HTP and CoQ10 now so we&#039;ll see."
"Wish I would have read alll of these reviews before I inserted it. My vagina is on fireeee! Inserted about 940 last night, it is now 630am, ohhhh man it burns."
"I&#039;ve just started this and have been on it for a total of one week. I&#039;m having unbearable side effects even though I&#039;m following doctor orders, and constantly praying they&#039;ll go away eventually."
"I have taken Lialda for 3 years and it works very well for me.  The company that makes Lialda has a discount card so that the cost is $10.00 per month for me after insurance."
"I can say that I inserted this medication about 12 am and here it is 4 am and still.burning. I had to get some of the cream out because it caused severe itching. Worst ever I thought I felt bad before.. "
"I started taking this last month.  Initially I was taking Microgestin but it was making me extremely moody and gave me acne.  Then I switched to Sronyx and my skin is clear again and I hardly have any side effects.  This is my second month on the pill and it just seems like the side effects really do go away after 2 or 3 months. I love this pill and I doubt I am switching. I have tried so many, including the Mirena.  This is a good one."
"i was on the verge of disaster, my psychiatrist introduced aripiprazole 10 mg with least dosage. in the beginning i faced stomach problems which ended in a month time. the best result i received only after 4 months usage"
"This mediicne was given to me as I was being taken off an antidepressant and has given me headaches, nausea, joint pain, and feeling of not being fully alert.  I was started at a 1500mg daily dose and I think that is way too high for me.  I have been at this dose for over three months and the doctors seem to think that the side effects are outweighed by the positives.  I have felt more depressed since they put me on this but they don%u2019t worry about that it. I would rather have the antidepressants back at least, I could be a human with them."
"I previously gave this a 10. l said it changed my life but since moving cities my anxiety has gotten so bad and OCD has gotten worse - not sure if it pooped out or just circumstances or need to change meds...frustrating"
"I have been bleeding for almost 4 months. I did not get the second shot because the bleeding, I hope it stops soon since I didn&#039;t get the second shot. Worst experience ever"
"So far this has been the worst year of my life health wise and I blame it on Nexplanon. I had no side effects for the most part of the year and thought it was great, this then developed into Heavy and long periods that are infrequent and difficult to predict. Migraines, nausea, abdominal pain, mood swings, weakness and insomnia and countless other problems. I am currently awaiting an ultrasound to tell me if I&#039;ve developed an ovarian cyst. I would not recommend this to anyone ! Be very wary of the implant."
"I have been taking this medication for well over a year now and I am totally satisfied. It has made my arthritis bearable. Even though my prescription allows me to take 2 a day, so far I have only taken 1 before bed time.  I am nearly 76 years old. My husband who is 65 started taking the same medication but he takes at least 2 every day.  He also has 2 slipped discs from a back injury along with the arthritis."
"Long life and half life, no anxiety spikes between doses. Less withdrawal symptoms when discontinuing. Also less sedating even at 2mg&#039;s 3 times a day compared to Xanax."
"I have been taking Mirapex for over 8 years now at .125 mg up to 4 times a day; however, I usually take two at 6 in the evening, and another one an hour before bedtime, and it does a wonderful job.  I began on Requip and was on it for almost a year and half, but it just stopped having any effect, and that is when I began Mirapex.  I have severe RLS, and before Mirapex, I was close to losing my mind from sleep deprivation and the consequent stress and anxiety. This medicine has literally kept me from suicide. I have had absolutely no negative side effects."
"So doctor recommended Trinessa because my periods have been inconsistent. So I have taken the first 10 pills for the pack and the first 5 days felt great never had any of the side effects. Then I slowly started to notice I would get hot and headaches out of nowhere. Then things got worse I would start crying and getting extremely emotional for no reason. I would feel like I was in a dream with fever, no energy, headache, and cry for hours for no reason. My hormones are all out of control now from just taking the first 10 pills. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this pill but then again I&#039;m sure it affects people differently just like any other birth control pill. Just my first experience with the pill (Trinessa) has been terrible."
"I had sinus problems several times per year (Spring/Fall) for years and everything made me groggy. I could barely walk. Then the doctor started me on Entex LA and my sinus problems  no longer caused major problems."
"Mylan Lidocaine Patch offered by the Veterans Administation 
are the worst product.  Do not waste your money.  I am a 90% service connected veteran and the tax money going to this product is a shame. I followed the directions to the letter and 2 hours later they came loose and wrinkled.  I took a picture and will try to post it.

Another product was that prescribed to me in a Alaska Native Clinic worked wonders.  It is called ACTAVIS I would give it a 5"
"After 6 years on Enbrel, it finally stopped working and I started on Stelara this past July 2013. Excellent results clearing tough, thick-skinned body areas like elbows and knees within 1 to 1.5 months and I&#039;m very pleased. Somewhat perplexing while on Stelara are short cycles of psoriasis turning up and then disappearing from thin-skinned areas like scalp while the bigger problem body areas remain clear. I never had scalp psoriasis while on Enbrel, but I&#039;d still choose Stelara overall for faster, better overall clearing."
"I&#039;ve tried many different birth controls for about 3 yrs prior to taking Apri. I took Apri for my acne &amp; birth control for 2 yrs &amp; it worked great. I decided to stop taking birth control altogether about 1.5 yrs ago. My acne came back immediately but my periods were lighter and I didn&#039;t have cramps while I was off of it. My dermatologists prescribed me Accutane for my acne but I decided to try birth control again. I&#039;ve been taking Apri for 4 months &amp; my skin is basically completely clear. Maybe 1 or 2 when it&#039;s TOM. However I&#039;ve noticed recent weight gain (10 lbs in 2 wks) &amp; increase in my appetite &amp; cravings. My breasts are sore &amp; noticeably bigger. I&#039;m worried this is side effects from Apri. But 10lbs is better than acne!"
"Was prescribed this. First dose and I&#039;m already having difficulty achieving an erection. Not ever taking this again. Not worth it."
"I have bipolar disorder but mainly suffer with depressive episodes which can last up to 7 months . I had high hopes for this drug as I am drug resistant now and have tried every antidepressant and  mood  stabiliser. I expected it to  be a stimulant! I&#039;ve only been on it 2 weeks and my shrink says it needs 6 weeks to get into my system but all my research points to a stimulant working within hours . I&#039;m on 10mg 3 x a day and all it does is make me sleep! Not very stimulating! This dose seems to work for most people, maybe I need a bigger dose but overall so far I feel worse because I hardly have the energy to get out of bed and I feel more stimulated by caffeine, side effects for me were intense headaches and nausea, lack of appetite."
"Bipolar I, I never went manic except during extreme stress, impending death of a family member, when I was under so much stress that I could not remember if I had taken my medication.  I have never been one to abandon medication because I &quot;missed&quot; the high.  The only other hospitalization was when a rural local &#039;doctoe in a box&#039; prescribed Prednisone, despite the fact it is contraindicated for Bipolar and that I listed that I was Bipolar on intake sheet.  

That resulted in an 11 day hospitalisation to get my medications straight.

In 2005 changed to Valproic Acid.  I did have a manic episode requiring hospitalization prior to my brother&#039;s death in 2007.  Since then I have had no problems, except low level depression, which I call being &#039;flat&#039;."
"Three days ago, I went to the dermatologist for the first time. I have a modest severe problem with acne and have been using all kinds of over the counter acne products like Neutrogena, Clearasil, Clean and Clear, etc. She said that I have been wasting a lot a lot of money on the acne products I have used in the past, just because they are all the same . She put me on Doryx 150 MG, Differin 0.3%, and also told me to wash my face with Cetaphil. I can say that my acne scars, which I have on both cheeks, have faded a little and the size of my pimples have gotten smaller. She said that the first month is going to be the worst because I will breakout but should see a big improvement the second month. I am really depending on this to work! "
"I experienced all of the above including thinning hair &amp; immediate memory loss, it also effected my over all disposition and gave me what I didn&#039;t realize until after terminating my use extreme confusion/depression and extreme fatigue. Over all depression lifted a few months later and I was amazed at how my out-look brightened. This treatment definitely has a psychological effect that is not truly recognized. Density went from -2.8 to -2.7. More effects probably over shadowed by the more noticeable ones. Do not recommend this drug to anyone the side effects and effort to use are not worth the extremely small gain. Lost almost 2 years of my life due to my depressive fatigued state. At 68 I would like to have them back."
"34 yr old female, tried Enbrel for 5 weeks, it gave me a severe allergic reaction, hives, facial swelling, etc. Everything went back to normal after stopping the drug, but now I am weary of all biologics. This disease is a nightmare."
"Okay so its my first time using this product and while i am experiencing slight burning it feels more like an itch. I dont have a diagnosed Yeast infection nor did i know how to pin point the symptoms but i can tell you now the itch creme that comes in the double pack works quite well to take away the itching. didnt feel comfortable puting the egg in and was actually quite disturbed by the position they ask u to take it in. Only have had the thing in for about 2 hours and i just hope to god it works. I&#039;m getting sick of medicine, this al started because of antibiotics for a sinus infection!"
"I&#039;ve had mild to moderate acne since I was 14 (now 24, 10 yrs!) and I&#039;ve tried EVERYTHING but nothing seemed to cure my acne for the long run. It started getting worse in my 20s and I was determined that it was a hormonal imbalance. After some research I decided to try Yaz... I really wish I hadn&#039;t. I was on it for 3 mths and 1 week, taking it every day at the same time. For the first 6 weeks, there were no changes. After that until I stopped... my acne just kept getting aggressively worse and worse with no signs of improvement. I&#039;ve never seen my skin so bad in my life! Clogged pores, cysts, blackheads, whiteheads, pustules started popping up almost daily even in places I&#039;ve never had acne. Just didn&#039;t work for me. :("
"Makes me feel very moody and sensitive, my husband and I fight all the time. When we got married I felt so much in love but know not sure about it. He said I changed a lot after having our baby. So not sure if the IUD is making me feel that way. I feel so bad because I get mad very easy for little things and I feel like I am loosing my husband. Of course that he doesn&#039;t want to wear his ring makes me think things but he said that he is not use to wear rings and I always wear mine. I cook breakfast every single day, cook lunch for us to take it to work since we do not have to much money and sometimes I feel that he doesn&#039;t really appreciate it! Do laundry, clean and he doesn&#039;t really help me much and he doesn&#039;t see it. Not sure what to think"
"I enjoyed Evekeo.  It was great when it came to improving focus.  I also have shift work disorder so for me stimulants are great as they help me overcome the hump I hit every morning when I just want to go to bed and sleep all day.  My wife complained that I was getting really hard to live with compared to normal.  I knew I was more irritable than normal.  Over the 5 months I took it I did feel like the level of irritabilty and arguementativeness was steadily increasing.  Stopped taking when my wife told me I was starting to become unbearable.   I usually get 2 migraines a year but while on evekeo I had 3 in 5 months."
"I have had a wonderful experience with mirena! I have had zero side effects, Its been great! I cant believe so many negative reviews but everyone is different and there is something that works for everybody! My sister didnt like mirena so had her taken out for paragard which she absolutely loves! I honestly cant say anything bad about any IUD I think they are awesome. Pills are old news this is a new generation for women who cant take control of are bodies and choose when we are ready for babies."
"DO NOT GET THIS!!! I mean if you&#039;re okay with having unpredictable periods and non stop bleeding, then be my guest. My rod was inserted Mar. 2015, it&#039;s now Feb. 2016, and I&#039;m ready to get it removed. I got it because at the time, I just had a baby and wasn&#039;t planning on getting pregnant any time soon. The first month I bled for two weeks, but it was light. The next four months, nothing. Once Sep., rolled around the unpredictable/non stop bleeding began. My sex drive was extremely low, and still is. I&#039;m so over this birth control and will be getting it out asap! Btw, I didn&#039;t get pregnant, so I guess it&#039;s good for something."
"I&#039;ve been on Pristiq for a week and already feel like a new person. I was EXTREMELY hesitant to take the medication because I had tried other antidepressants in the past without success plus there seems to be nothing but negative written about the drugs. I take no other medications and am a healthy 42 year old. I had a few days of nausea which was relieved mostly by taking the medication in the morning with food. I have a little dry mouth and use the bathroom a little less but otherwise have no side effects. I feel like a film was lifted off me. It&#039;s hard to explain. I hope to continue to feel as balanced as I do now. I&#039;m taking this for anxiety and dysthmic depression. The drug company offers assistance with co-payment. "
"I started at 199lbs. (Barely at the 30 BMI required to take this medication) After 3 months, I&#039;m down to 175 and still going strong. For my height, I should weigh around 160. I&#039;ve had problems with weight loss since I hit my 40s plus it&#039;s hard for me to workout at times due to arthritis. This medication isn&#039;t a cure all but it does help when you are ready for a life change. My insurance does not pay for this yet even with a prior authorization but I&#039;m willing to pay the monthly price."
"I understand every woman is different, but Mirena has been wonderful for me. I have struggled for 25 years with painful cramps and excessive bleeding and Mirena is the only thing that has worked for me. I never have had children, so there was some pretty nasty pain when it was put in. I am on my second one and it was much less painful the second time around. Both my husband and I could feel my strings at first but that faded with time. As I said it isn&#039;t for everyone."
"I&#039;ve been taking cabergoline for about a month now and my first 2 weeks i had really bad headaches and stomach aches the next day. Now i just experience a very bloated stomach like twice a week which is annoying. I&#039;m hoping that stops and i lose some of this weight gain because of this high prolactin."
"I have an extreme desire for sweets, Eating in the middle of the night. I Definitely lost any desire to exercise (never been like that before)!!! I&#039;m experiencing a dependency on this medication without it controlling my appetite. Within the first 6 months I got results but never reached my goal! Thinking I need more to reach desired weight loss!! Having difficulty with the idea of not taking it anymore even though I do not like my side effects.. Feeling sadness and then extreme happiness all in one day.
    I&#039;ve been on this medicine for a year and two months now!!"
"If you are struggling with kicking drinking and are prone to reaching from one addiction to another, RUN to a doctor and get naltrexone. I&#039;ve been three weeks without drinking and it&#039;s removed my desire to drink. Completely. 

I was a late comer to alcoholism. After an outpatient rehabilitation fior meth addiction, cigarette smoking and pills, I successfully kicked those addictions and within a couple years acquired the need for drinking. Then drinking and Klonopin with a side of wellbutrin. When I say drinking, I am a female, medium build, late 30s, throwing back a fifth or more a day. 

Stopped wellbutrin, started naltrexone and lexapro. Life is good."
"Been on Biaxin earlier in the year for a sinus infection, worked like a charm then, and the side effects were slight. (Just the metallic taste.)  Got prescribed it for bronchitis a couple of days ago and I&#039;ve got the worst nausea, can&#039;t even look at or smell food."
"I smoked for 40 years and quit after taking Chantix for 3 weeks. That was 9 years ago."
"It usually works in between 3hours. I&#039;ll recommended."
"My daughter came home with lice this friday. I tried 2 types of head lice shampoo that didn&#039;t work. My daughter doctor prescribe Sklice. Wow it work wonders in 1 day no more lice. I&#039;m very thankful. And it&#039;s very expensive."
"I really like this birth control. I first got on it when I was experiencing terribly painful cramps that made me throw up. Once I started taking the pill, everything was instantly better. No cramps at all, skin looked great, mood was fine. I was perfectly happy. However, when I was off the pill for a month, the painful cramps came back and I was vomiting. This is the best birth control I&#039;ve had. I recommend it for everyone."
"I have been on Natazia for almost 2 years. For about a year and half I haven&#039;t really had a period. Some months its absolutely nothing at all. Occasionally I spot. Last year I told the Gyno she said its nothing to worry about. My skin doesn&#039;t break out on this pill. I was on Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo, My skin was terrible. I have gained a lot of weight since on this pill but the clear skin and no period is kind of worth it. I use to get terrible cramps and bleed a lot. Hope this is helpful."
"I went on Tikosyn during 4 day stay in hospital in Feb. 2016 for initiation. I had already failed 3 antiarrhythmics, and my second cardioversion lasted about a week, and I had had very serious side effects from flecainide and propafenone which both sent me to the emergency room.  Four hours after the second dose of Tikosyn I locked into sinus rhythm and stayed there. 

I have had some 3-4 abbreviated runs of irregular HR lasting less than 2 mins. each from Feb. through July, but I&#039;m still very happy.  This is one of the few drugs I have ever taken that works, with no side effects that I am aware of.  It has given me my life back.  I am able to ride bikes, walk 3-5 miles per day, and generally feel normal.again.  I hope it keeps working!"
"It&#039;s a wonderful knock out punch if everything else has failed, or if you&#039;ve taken something like Ambien and it stops working. For me Ambien was great until it stopped working, I then tried Trazodone but that didn&#039;t help much. Seroquel is an antipsychotic but at small doses (25-50mg) it only hits histamine receptors so its like a large dose of Benadryl- but much better then Benadryl. Only downside is that it is a little hard to get out of bed the next day but you will sleep like a bear so it&#039;s worth it. Takes about an hour to an hour and a half to kick in and 25 mg does the trick for me. Also, there is no weight gain at small doses so that&#039;s nice too."
"It worked with taking another overactive bladder medicine.  But eventually I experienced severe fatigue, blurred vision, weight gain and mostly it caused me intimacy problems.  I discontinued it, got it all back."
"I had to taper off my Lexapro while starting this. I did a wk of the 10 mg during that and now I&#039;m on my 2nd wk of 20mg. I&#039;m not having any side effects like others have mentioned, but I&#039;m not seeing any benefit yet either. I just spent 3 hrs yesterday crying, and then alternated that with being angry about everything (torn window screen, broken handle, garage motor quitting-everything was crap!), then I&#039;d sob again. I hope this picks up soon, as does my family! However, I&#039;m also 46 and wonder if some of this is pre-menopause??? Maybe I need to call my Dr. and have the dosage increased now? Otherwise, I see him again in 5 wks. I just don&#039;t know, but my Dr has high hopes and praise for this medicine."
"Love it"
"I got nexplanon after my surprise son and had no periods for a year however I had no sex drive, it was painful even, and cramping but no period. Then the flood gates let loose and I started having 2 week periods with hormone fluxes, hot flashes, weight gain and acne. So after a few months I got it removed and got a non hormonal IUD and I bleed for 3 weeks. Then had a week off. Then had ANOTHER period. Still having issues and I don&#039;t see them going away any time soon. Super unhappy with this product."
"As stated Tussionex is expensive. With that said you get what you pay for. I had a cough that kept me up for 3 days. I went to my doctor and he prescribed Tussionex for me. I had 1 teaspoon before bed and woke up 8 1/2 hours later. My cough did not wake me up once during the night. "
"I have been taking Silenor every night for 5 months and love it.  It doesn&#039;t knock me out or make me loopy like Ambien.  Silenor just makes me a bit drowsy, but more importantly is that when I wake up in the middle of the night I fall right back to sleep - which is a lifesaver for me. Since it&#039;s non-addictive, this is great for just normal calm times in my life, which is 95% of the time.  But when I&#039;m stressing out over something and all panicky, then Silenor does practically nothing for me.  I have to take Ambien or Ativan during that 1-2 week period I&#039;m stressing."
"I have been on Forteo 3 months now, I started taking it after a thyroid surgery left my parathyroids damaged. This has kept me out of the hospital and living a happy healthy lifestyle."
"The only medication that stops most of the noise and unnecessary thoughts in my head."
"I have been on Symbyax for about 3 yrs.and it works great. Slept like a log, my emotions were suppressed (not sure if that&#039;s good or bad).  I was recently changed to generic and I am having problems with mood swings and even worse weight gain."
"I have been taking Maxalt for a couple of years and it&#039;s the only migraine medicine that gets rid of the pain without making me sick.  I have a couple of side effects: tingling in my jaw, neck, and spine and also it makes me have to pee a lot. "
"I have been on most of the SSRI over the past 16 years and before that on the old style anti-depressants which were the worst.  I changed to Brintellix after 7 years on Lexapro and at first I felt fantastic. I did have some initial nausea and headache which dissipated over the first few weeks. I started on 10mg and have been on this dose for the last 5 weeks. The initial success has been overshadowed by sleep disturbance with vivid dreams and some nightmares, plus increasing agitation and low level feeling of anger. My concentration is affected by these background feelings as I feel agitated most of the time now.  Think this means it isn&#039;t going to work for me, and yes another failed med!"
"Terrible joint and muscle pain. Must stop it. Did take down my cholesterol a lot"
"My experience with this drug came thru my mother to whom had Small Cell lung cancer. She was diagnosed in January 2013. She underwent chemo therapy. She had complained to her Dr. that she was experiencing fluttering and tightness in her chest during chemo treatments. December 13, 2013 she had a severe allergic reaction to this medication. She passed away December 26, 2013 at 12:05 am. The Dr. Stated it was an experimental drug at best and the results were unpredictable. So they used my mother as a guinea pig is that it?"
"Have been on Seroquel XR 25mg (once before bed) for about 6 months now and my life has completely changed for the better. Yeah, the weight gain is a pain but its a small price to pay for normality. Social anxiety / severe insomnia has not been an issue for months!! Am finally myself again. Have tried other antipsychotics but nothing works as well as this one. Only downside is an insatiable appetite - but you can minimize weight gain by substituting with fruits etc, which is what Im currently doing."
"I just had the worse 3 days of pain in many months because Rite Aid gave me the Generic patch. It isn&#039;t the same. The brand name has a delivery system with a reservoir of medicine on top of the patch. For me the brand name worked great."
"Have been taking Duragesic for 10  years. It works great, I use a coupon that covers up to $50. out of pocket, my insurance copay is $35 therefore I pay noting for name brand. The generic does not work as effective as name."
"I have been using Epiduo for over 1 year now and besides the side effects, it has helped my face, chest and back acne tremendously!  For the first few months of using it, I had terrible dry, flakey and very red irritating skin. I didn&#039;t care as much then but it really became a problem when I began to wear foundation. I now know to moisturize  constantly and ONLY APPLY A THIN LAYER! 
Overall, thanks to Epiduo I barely have any acne on my chest. My back is no longer severely bad but now moderate and controlled. My moderate facial acne is so much better ! Only downfalls: sometimes my skin was terribly burnt and dry. Also really expensive but worth it!"
"Lexapro worked great for anxiety, but I gained 45 pounds while on this medicine for 2 years.  It made me constantly hungry."
"Worked great for me, except I pooped myself and had to change my sheets in the middle of the night."
"Im staring to notice that the extraction areas of my mouth are less inflamed and finally shrinking. Anyone who knows me extremely well knows I had extremely impacted and crooked teeth. Because of this there was no skin or bone between each individual tooth, making it a rough spot to heal. I finally got back in touch with the dentist last week and he put me on a prescription mouth rince that contains Chlorhexidine in it (Nasty stuff) but it seems to be doing the trick.

Wile there is still bone exposed the bone is no longer grey and much of it has been covered over by scar tissue. I count my blessing that they did my uppers in 2 settings letting the first batch heal before extracting the second batch or I would have been layed open so much worse.

There is some slight bone loss but the Dentist says its nothing they cant work with and nothing that will need any bone graphting (Thank the Lord)"
"Works great for me I tried Seroquel, Lunesta, and Ambien with poor results Belsomra was the key the key I&#039;ve found is following the directions of taking it on a empty stomach 30 minutes before you want to sleep. I have experienced no side effects fortunately I got approval from my insurance they pay the full amount"
"I&#039;m only on day 1 and I&#039;m amazed at the difference in such a short time. I&#039;ve gone from gasping for breath to being mildly puffed, more energy and I can move quicker. I can see it&#039;s going to change the quality of my life. I have emphysemia and am 62 years.
Thank you for developing this drug as my previous inhaler and puffers were not helping anymore.
Thankyou"
"Never again!!  I wish I would have read the reviews also.  The side effects from the product are 10xtimes worse than the YI.  I have swelling, itching and unbearable burning!  This is even after I took the product almost 24 hours ago."
"Tykerb along with Xeloda have stabilized my tumors.  I have been on these medicines for a year."
"I have been using Tri-Sprintec for a few months, before that I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. I used Ortho for a few years but had to change due to switching insurance companies. I was a little bit hesitant to use Tri-Sprintec at first due to the previous reviews that I read about. My experience has been very good. I haven&#039;t had any break outs, weight gain or emotional problems. I have had an increase in breast size and tenderness but the tenderness wasn&#039;t too uncomfortable. Usually when I switch birth control, I have a cycle for at least a month and a half but not this time around. I had no break through bleeding. I have had light and regular cycles, which is the purpose of me being on birth control. I would definitely recommend Tri-Sprinte"
"I suffer from a nagging sense of anxiety that shadows my every waking minute. This medicine has enabled me to live a normal life."
"Love Welchol...... Thanks to my family doctor I can feel normal again"
"34 yrs old been drinking vodka everyday the last 3-4 years I would get black out drunk every night. Used to just drink after work but I started feeling like crap so I started drinking at work all day long just to feel normal. Drank last night woke up this morning and I felt horrible. Went to the ER on my way there I stopped and got a pint drank half of it. Went into the ER. They hooked me up to an IV gave valium and vitamin drip did blood work and gave me chlordiazepoxide I instantly felt better. Got a 5 day prescription 25 mg 4 times a day so far so good! But its only day 1 I&#039;m afraid to sleep tonight but I wanna stop drinking 100% so hope this does it. Good luck everyone"
"Triglyceride levels reduced markedly. Very surprised!"
"It does stuff I never thought meds would do.  It has made corrections to my perceptions and how I look at things and my racing thoughts"
"Was prescribed Spiriva dry powder capsules in May of 2015, this was during a bout of atypical pneumonia which I had weeks before being prescribed Sprivia, and lingered  for weeks after.  As a result of the illness I suffered pulmonary exacerbation which brought about COPD symptoms to the point that now 8 months later I have to use Oxygen [2.LPM] 24/7. It has been taxing and shocking but the  Spiriva along with Symicort [80/4.5] does help, I measure my O2 Blood saturation several times daily, I have experimented with halting one and both medications over small periods of times and have realized that I can do without the Symicort with not much variation in the O2 Saturation, bit when the  Spiriva is halted for 48 hours the O2 Saturation drops"
"I&#039;m so mixed about this birth control. When I first started I had weight gain and SUCH insane mood swings for months that it completely ruined my relationship and my life. I never attributed it to the pill though (but now, after reading all these reviews I see it was the pill), and kept on it, and since then those symptoms have completely disappeared. I hated my period though, and just kept taking the pill without the iron pills, to &quot;skip&quot; my period. It worked for quite a while, but now I&#039;ve been bleeding almost non-stop for four months. I&#039;m probably going to have to go back to taking them normally and having a period."
"Hi There I&#039;ve been on Saxenda for 4 weeks. I am up to 2.4 and have lost 5.6kg&#039;s. The first day or so after increasing the dosage i feel nauseous and when i eat i get a sore stomach but this passes after the second or third day. Overall I am very happy with the results so far."
"I took the recommended dose (2 tablets) at about 10pm with a glass of water. 

Slept like a baby at night. Woke up feeling fine. Felt slight cramps on the way to work (8am) and then again after at 10.30am I felt the urge to go. First two times I had a normal movement, soft stools released. 20 minutes later I had diarrhea and then I was perfectly fine to carry on with the rest of the day.

Overall it took a while to work on me compared to the rest of the comments below but I had no severe pain."
"I love the cooper IUD after having my second baby I was scare to get pregnant but i didnt what to tide my tubes. I was scare because they told me that i was going to get heavier and painfull periods but so far so good everything great i do have cramps but normal as i just to get them and heavier just a little more. I feel so good with the Copper IUD is just amazing.. I recomend the copper IUD more than Mirena IUD i&#039;ve try the Mirena IUD and i hate it i gain 30 pounds and when they put it in it was so painfull and with the cooper IUD i didn&#039;t even feel when it was inserted..  Five stars to Cooper IUD I Love It.."
"This medicine doesn&#039;t work for me well... it made my nose more stuffy, dried my throat out, and kept me up... everytime I tried to sleep I would wake up coughing and feeling nausea and it seems to produce more mucus... drink lots of water!! seriously ..! But this will be my last time taking mucinex its not for everybody and its defintely not for me"
"This is seriously a miracle medicine! Ever since I went on this, it kicked in within a couple of weeks and after 3 weeks or so, my anxiety has been completely GONE, no more problems at all! I was having problems swallowing food and just swallowing my own saliva in general because of generalized anxiety disorder, every single day, it was hell, but this medicine seriously pulled me out of a dark hole and I&#039;ve been on it since. Thank you Celexa! I&#039;m so much happier on it."
"I have been a type 2 diabetic for 10 yrs now. I tried victoza in may 2016. As of today, Sept. 24th I have lost 45 pounds, I&#039;m down to 1 metformin a day and my A1C is great!! The side effects are minimal. Mainly sour stomach but that can be controlled mostly by diet.  Low starch foods help alot. I&#039;m so glad after trying a few newer meds that I found victoza!!!"
"I have been on this medicine for about three months. The first two months it seemed that it was really working well for me. I was no longer tired all the time and I felt completely new. Now at three months, it feels like I can&#039;t get enough of sleep. I&#039;ve gone back to being sleepy all the time, only more so this time around. Before the hair loss was irritating but minimal and now it&#039;s worse. The only good side effect that I&#039;ve experienced is the loss of weight that was greatly needed. I&#039;m going back to my doctor this week, so hopefully she can explain some things to me."
"I took Celexa (citalopram) for about 8yrs. I started at 20mg dose and worked up to 40mg over the yrs. I found I was happier in the summer, and with my doctor&#039;s help would decrease my dose for a bit, but in winter I&#039;d bump it back up again. Mood wise, Celexa did wonders for me. I was able to live happily for yrs. Missing a day or two was hell, between the brain zaps and bouts of crying I was a mess. The downsides: my libido disappeared. COMPLETELY. Gone. I used to have a very healthy sexual appetite. I also gained about 60lbs while taking this pill. I can&#039;t blame it all on the pill, but it didn&#039;t help. Overall it was a great mood enhancer, but take it with warning."
"If you take clonidine 3 times a day and xanax 3 times a day...you will not feel any withdrawal. Maybe a little more tired. I take 0.5 milligrams of xanax morning noon and night. And clonidine 10 milligrams."
"I am a 59 year old female and have been taken off of Flecainide (100 mg./day) after using it for 5 months since my occasional afib episodes stopped. I was advised to stop drinking alcohol by my electrophysiologist since he was convinced this was my trigger. I did for a while, but then started having a couple of drinks a few times a week. In the past few months, I have had 2 episodes and now use the &#039;pill in the pocket&#039; method to stop them. I thank &#039;googling&#039; for even knowing of this method since my doctor didn&#039;t tell me about it until I brought it up, however he did say it was fine to do and recommended taking 2 of the 50 mg. pills at one time. Within 1 hour, both times, my heart reverted back to its normal rhythm and I had no ill effects."
"I have rheumatoid arthritis already over 4 years from my 30 years. Medrol helps me everyday to get rid of pain, but on other side I was now diagnosed with Osteoporosis. For around 9 months I have been taking Medrol with methotrexate 15mg a week and Arava and I am able to go bicycling again. Before I couldn&#039;t."
"I think it&#039;s making my symptoms worse. I went from going to the bathroom most frequently at night to all day after starting Salofalk enemas and suppositories."
"dizziness/  blurred vision/ sorehead/ itchyrash  but it did help flow rate of passing urine.but it did not stop the frequent trips to toilet at night 5/6 times .no full nights sleep.seeing professor to change drug if possible."
"I tried many, many birth controls before this one.  I was having periods every other week, but this one has worked wonders; however, since being on it, I have gained about 30 pounds."
"Today was my first dose about noon, then second dose about 5:30pm. I have to confess I was a bit nervous about taking this med, I get panic attacks when taking a new meds especially because I could not find any patient reviews anywhere on the internet, guess I am the first. Also the large size and bright blue color did intimidate me. I have chronic pain from fibromyalgia, herniated disks in neck and back and now battling kidney stones. So far I have had no pain today and also have more energy than I have had in the last 6 months. Before I was on Percocet 10mg and Mscontin 15mg but had to change PM doc and she took my meds away and gave me Xartemis instead. If the rest of my days go as this one I think I will stay on this medication."
"After turning 53,  I noticed I was having some issues getting a good, hard erection so as to comfortably penetrate my wife. Sex is now awesome!,  and I now out last my wife!.  I was perscribed the 20mg pill,  but use a pill cutter,  as 10mg is a better dose for me,  and lessens the facial flushing &amp; mild headache from the full dose,  and sometimes 5mg works well as well.  "
"I found Flomax very effective for increasing the size of my urine flow, and taking away the uncomfortable pressure I felt moments before urinating. I take the lower dose of .4MG, and have found that taking it every-other day is as effective for me as taking it daily."
"I was given samples of Diclegis to help with my all day sickness. It seems safe so I was pretty excited to take it. First night took 2 pills and the next morning no nausea but I was dead tired, had dry mouth, and had stomach aches. Literally felt like a zombie couldn&#039;t drive barely made it out of bed. I had to stop taking it because I can&#039;t miss work. The next day I had a severe migraine never had one prior. It could have been due to me stopping the medication or it wearing off but I couldn&#039;t see nor function. I&#039;d rather deal with the nausea than the side effects honestly. I feel bad but cannot function on Diclegis. Pregnant women are already tired we don&#039;t need to add to it. I&#039;m glad it&#039;s working for others but thought I&#039;d share my experience."
"I have all side effects  and I have to talk to my doctor about taking it . I take 1000mg  twice a day.  It&#039;s crazy.  I hate having to take this."
"I&#039;ve always had horrible cramps which where unbearable I used Advil but I always end up taking 6+ so then my doctor prescribed Naproxens 500mg and only take 2 a day and the pain totally goes always within the first 10 minutes"
"I tried Detrol LA for quiet some time, but still had &quot;accidents&quot;. I switched to VESIcare and have not had any accidents. I have been taking it for over a year now and I am very pleased with the results."
"I&#039;d rather weigh 1000 lbs than to take another one of these pills.  Was prescribed this by a PA who thought it was better that addipex.  I didn&#039;t even take the full dose.  Within 30 mins after taking just 1 pill I was deathly sick.  I couldn&#039;t even hold my head up.  Dizzy, headache, nauseated, throwing up, can&#039;t breathe.  feeling like  death it was so bad.  Nothing is worth feeling this bad.  1 is the lowest rating it would allow.  But my rating is a NEGATIVE 1000"
"Has lowered general anxiety while not eliminating panic attacks. Love this medication and would not like to try any other."
"This medication works for me. I can get housework done, mow the grass, and just push myself to do things now. Sometimes I can&#039;t sit still. Side effects were sore muscles and nauseous which went away after a few days. Depression is gone. Only thing is it makes me nervous a little bit and on edge so I take something else for that."
"The only bad side effect I have is very lightlight nausea after taking the pill, other than that I have had a very pleasant experience with the pill and do not plan on switching"
"When I was diagnosed with ADHD in the 3rd grade they put me on Adderall and then I became a person I was not. I had social anxiety but got exceptionally good grades in school where others failed. Adderall changes your personality and was the worst 12 years of my life, I had no friends because engaging in conversation was nearly impossible. It traps your thoughts in a prison of your mind and suppresses any creativity. "
"Started my dose 7 days ago. The first three days were fantastic, and by day 4, I felt as normal as I have in two years. Now, I am having the racing thoughts, electrical zaps and insomnia. I was struck with some strange illness 2 years ago that no doctor has yet to explain. My neurological symptoms of the illness have been a challenge at best (constant muscle twitches, head fog, stinging sensations, lack of coordination, sleeplessness, etc...). Well all of this took a toll on my emotionally as a man. I have 4 children, a wife and three business. I was put on Zoloft 2 years ago and stayed on it for 6 months, but the sexual side effects and the nausea were too much at the higher doses. Hope I can get through the break-in period and this works."
"Absolutely the worst. Had a terrible night the first night I took this drug. Back to Ambiem. "
"I started taking Loestrin 24 Fe when I was 19 years old for 4 years. I have a slim body and I&#039;m active. My periods are light and I don&#039;t get cramps or back aches while on my period and I don&#039;t have problems with acne. My periods were just very irregular. I would sometimes get my period the next month, the next week,  and even the next three months! And they would last like 1 week, 2 weeks and even 4 weeks one time! I was on Loestrin for 4 years because it didn&#039;t give me any negative side effects. It gave me regular periods and I never got pregnant. I stopped taking it because my doc told me they discontinued it! So she prescribed  me Minastrin 24 Fe. I looked up the reviews for it and didn&#039;t like what I saw. So I&#039;ve been off bc for 2 years."
"I was switched to Jolessa by my OBGYN after 7 years of hormonal migraines the day before/of starting my period while on Spintec. So far, I&#039;ve had a light to moderate period the first two months and have gained around 6-7 pounds. My skin is fine, can&#039;t comment on the headaches because I&#039;ve had a consistent tension headache the entire time. I&#039;m lazy as as and just want to sit around and eat icecream. Something extremely annoying above all I think is the constipation. I&#039;m so bloated and uncomfortable. I have a fiber rich diet so I&#039;m assuming this is the problem. Not happy so far but I&#039;m gonna stick with it. Will re-review later after I&#039;m done cleaning out the freezer section at the grocery store."
"I am 19 years old and was diagnosed with Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) when I was 17. I was prescribed Humira very quickly because my AS caused severe back, hip and ankle pain and have been taking it for over a year now. So far, the medicine has worked very well and I feel no pain whatsoever. The medicine does make me feel tired, but this is a genuine side effect."
"I have been on a number of pills in the past (aged 28, started 18) - I have been diagnosed with endometriosis so my reasoning for remaining on some sort of hormonal BC was vital to reduce the symptoms. 
I was placed on Yasmin after experiencing major mood swings/depression on Yaz. Yasmin seemed to reduce these mood swings considerably. Since Yasmin my periods, although regular, have been light and cramping has been reduced/completely absent. Amazing! (5  years on it now). I have been getting migraines for the last 2 years so might have to change my BC again. One&#039;s body changes with age, I guess our meds need to too."
"I was diagnosed with h pylori approx 6 years ago and it took care of it. It recently came back It made me very sick my stomach was in pain day and night, doc prescribed pylera again. The first 3 days were hard.dizzy, stomach pain, anxiety, can&#039;t think clear, extreme fatigue, I took probiotics and always have, I learned this years ago with stomach problems. I am now on 6 day things are getting better and better. Stay strong this is a nasty bacteria. I will let you know the end result after day 10. I&#039;m not going to lie it has been hard, might want to consider taking a couple days off or start on a weekend."
"I have a spinal cord injury. I have been on 10/325 for over 2 years now.  Certain brands work better than others.  Generics don&#039;t contain the exact same recipe as each one.  So far I have experienced 3 different ones.

Amnea marked with IP204 are by far the best pain relief ever.
Endo which are yellow (and I don&#039;t have my old bottle) are worthless for pain relief, these gave me the runs majorly.
Mallinkrt Pharm is the new ones I just got and they are not taking the edge off the pain and giving me horrid constipation.

Unfortunately, if you are a pain patient you are labelled as an addict so telling your doctor that the pill doesn&#039;t work is worthless. Ask the pharmacist before what kind they have and let them know what ones work for you!"
"I am 13 years old and I have acne pretty bad. My mom was starting to get worried so she took me to the dermatologist. She gave me Aczone and some other gel. I have used it for about two weeks every morning and night. This is amazing! I never thought anything could help me but this really did! I love it!"
"I have been on the Depo shot for almost a year. No period, very few side effects. EXCEPT... I&#039;ve gained almost 40 pounds... The weight gain has stopped at that but it&#039;s very disconcerting. "
"It is giving me diarrhea."
"I have been on Zanaflex for about a month now.  I have tried many muscle relaxers that have NOT worked at all.  I take 4mg 3 times a day.  It is a lot better than other medications I have been on, flexerol didn&#039;t do anything at all, and Soma just made me totally loopy.  Zanaflex relaxes me so well while still allowing me to operate regularly.  I highly recommend this medicine, and for those who are just starting this be careful when driving on this.  For the first week I only took it before bed time, then on a day off work I took it shortly after waking up and noticed it didn&#039;t have any major effects on me except calming my back and neck spasms."
"I had the mirena put in four days ago, having it inserted was painful, like a heavy cramp that lasted for a minute. I bled I was already on my cycle. But so far so good. No problems so far."
"I have suffered from major depression since I was a child and my psychiatrist put me on Abilify 10mg after a suicide attempt. This medicine has helped me tremendously! I actually have energy and motivation now and without Abilify I don&#039;t know where I would be today. The only side effect I have noticed is some shaking but not to bad. I told my psychiatrist about it and she put me on Cogentin 1mg which helps alot with the shaking! I would definitely recommend this medicine!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lamictal for 8 years and am seizure free with no side effects. The only problem I encountered was that I had a seizure the day after my daughter was born because my dosage post-pregnancy was too low. For those planning to have children, I&#039;m happy to say my daughter had no birth defects. However, I chose not to breast feed her because the medicine would pass to her body. Overall, I&#039;m incredibly happy."
"I was prescribed this medication at the ER, after a coughing fit so severe I almost passed out. I took my narcotic cough syrup before bed. I woke up about 6 hours later coughing, so I took the Tessalon Perles. My coughing stopped, but I got every side effect. My head was pounding so bad I couldn&#039;t sit or stand for more than a few minutes. I was very disappointed, because I needed something to get me through the day. This medication worked great on my cough, but I felt worse in every other perspective."
"I had nail fungus in four fingernails.  Two were half lifted half off the nail bed all the way up under the cuticles.  Jublia worked great for me.  I&#039;ve been using it for 5 months and they are all grown out with good nail and look great.  I&#039;m going to stop using it shortly.  My insurance didn&#039;t cover it and I used a Good Rx coupon which got the 4ml bottle down to $243.  I was happy to pay because my fingernails looked awful."
"I&#039;ve been on trinessa for a year now I&#039;ve never experienced any weight gain or nausea also it&#039;s done a good job preventing pregnancy for me. What I like most about it is out of the 10 different birth controls I&#039;ve tried trinessa has kept my skin the clearest. I&#039;ve had no bad experience with trinessa I do have slight mood swings here and there but Nothing too extreme."
"I feel terrible!! I can&#039;t stop bleeding!! I used the depo shoot before but then I got big so I tough I&#039;ll try the Mirena!! 
Bad decision! I bleed every single day!
Going to the doctor tomorrow so take it out!"
"Great results in reducing severe facial disfigurement and maintaining smooth and soft skin. Could not do without it. Now my insurance is harassing my doctor for prior authorization for a product that has been working great for me for over 10 years,"
"I tried this for several months and loved everything about it except the migraine headaches that I would experience about 2-3 times a month and nothing would help them go away. So not sure if it&#039;s the fillers that bothered me but I am contacting my doctor to get something different. I didn&#039;t gain weight, I didn&#039;t have mood swings and everything was fine except the headaches."
"This set off my OCD, which I literally had not experienced in 10 years. I went off of it after 3 days of utter torment, anxious paranoia and feelings of extreme shame and guilt. It&#039;s been 5 days and things are starting to feel better, but I&#039;m still waiting to feel like myself again. This was frighteningly terrible."
"I have had chronic mild depression for most of my adult life.   I took Prozac for over 20 years but it really didn&#039;t help.  I was then prescribed Citalopram 40 MG, which did make a positive impact on my depression.  When it wasn&#039;t quite enough, my doctor prescribed 2 mg of Abilify - which I have been taking for over 3 weeks.  I can only say that this med works.  I have never ever been a &quot;morning person&quot;,  but since I started on Abilify, I have been getting up very early and taking on the day with a lot of energy and positivity.  In my view, this medication does work as a supplement to existing anti-depressant medication.  Only side effect experienced thus far is:  mild insomnia (no weight gain at all - at least so far)."
"After {stupidly} using a scented body wash (instead of my normal unscented soap for sensitive skin) to wash my lower extremities, I non-surprisingly got a very irritated yeast infection. I considered just buying Monistat or any other drugstore cream because I wanted medicine ASAP. Instead (being that it was my first yeast infection) I went to my GYN to get something stronger that would knock the infection out of the park in the best way possible. He prescribed me 3 pills to take for 3 consecutive days.I took my first pill around 6:00. About 10:00 that night I passed out. I did some research &amp; found out that dizziness was a side effect. After a week the infection was gone. (I never passed out or even got dizzy with the 2nd pills). Thankfully"
"Celebrex has been wonderful for me--I never thought I would be able to regain mobility as well as I have.  I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects at all.  It took weeks to work, but I couldn&#039;t be more pleased with it now.  I&#039;ve noticed on some of the comments here that it worked immediately for some people, but it&#039;s not always like that, so be patient and give it time--hope this helps!"
"I had bad, wheezy coughing and doctors thought it might be COPD. Then, on a hunch, my great doctor thought the coughing might be due to my GERD so she suggested Zantac150 twice a day.
 What a difference! I still need an inhaler, but my cough is otherwise gone...and it was REALLY bad for months (even with inhalers).
  Been on Zantac for about 2 weeks - no discernible side effects."
"15mg was too stimulating (actually made me feel jittery) but 7.5 did help me fall asleep faster and sleep longer.  Stopped working at all after a few months so I&#039;m tapering off.  I did not experience any increase in appetite, though I did gain a few pounds (which I was able to lose while on the Mirt.).  Side effects were tolerable:  dry mouth, slight headache.  I confess that I&#039;m jealous that so many people find this med super sedating - it just didn&#039;t work that way for me!"
"Im a ex flooring installer of 17 yrs (11 yrs non-union 6 union yrs) My back is wrecked, I have tears in 2 of my discs at L3/L4 and L4/L5 locations. I have no cartilage left anywhere in my lower back. My PCP put me thru the tests multiple MRI&#039;s/CT&#039;s injections, lots of predisone and then finally Norco. It took me a few days of being on Hydrocodone before the relief started, but relief it was! I gained much of my functionality back. I was moved up to the higher doses and then on to OxycontinER. Oxycontin had less side effects, and in general felt less wasted.
Im now on 60mg x3 daily with 20mg IR 3x daily. Its been very helpful in my life."
"I was on this for about 6 months when I was 15. It&#039;s the only thing that has worked for me. I was able to go to school. Had great relationships with everyone. Only had one bad mood swing and I was having them everyday before I got on it. But I also gained 20 pounds and I could never get enough to eat. I&#039;ve tried about everything and this was the only thing that helped. It doesn&#039;t make you feel funny or blank like a lot of them. But if you eat healthy and can ignore the always wanting something to eat feeling, this is an amazing medicine and will change your life."
"Lost 20 pounds and was feeling terrible. Then I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s and now I take Humara and it has brought my weight up to normal and i&#039;ve been in remission ever since!"
"I am 47 years old. I was diagnosed with MS in March 2013. Was started on Tysabri in August 2014 as I had a relapse while I was on gilenya in June 2014. The year I was on tysabri was the most awful year in my life. I had increasing fatigue, on &amp; off weakness in my arms and my legs. Had pain in my knees which became severe and progressive  in the last 2 months. I have been off work for 2 months now, I only walk inside the house but rarely outside, I had to stay away from all social commitments in the last 2 months."
"Until about age 56, had never had cold sore. Suddenly had spot on butt, went to clinic, PA thought it was spider bite, antibodies given, no relief.  The next time it occurred (same spot), got in to see dermatologist immediately. He stated it was a form of chicken pox virus (not sexual related). Gave Valtrex, worked great. Pharmacist also recommending taking L-LySyine daily to help prevent occurrences. Used to have only 2 occurrences a year - February and August -my work stress months.  Have not had any more occurrences."
"I started Travatan Z two weeks ago after pressure readings of 24 and 40. Now, two weeks, later my pressures were found to be 14 and 18. That&#039;s a 42% and 45% decrease! I never thought that such a drop would be possible. Some side effects have been felt, but they are insignificant compared to the high probability of blindness without treatment."
"This medicine worked very well for me within a month of taking it I became undetectable!! I had no major side effects. I do however get head aches every once and awhile but nothing I can&#039;t deal with.I currently crush mine and put it in yogurt so I&#039;m still getting used to the taste...yuck..but its not that bad."
"Like everyone else states. The taste is god awful. I am not a big medicine person anyway but for whatever reason whenever I have a new partner. BV rears it&#039;s ugly head. I do not consume dairy so probiotics are out...any way this medication does work. It severely lessens the discharge that I normally have with BV that is how I know I have it. The leakage is awful!"
"It is only the 3rd day, but I thought I would share. Although it makes me very tired, I actually already eat less. My doctor didn&#039;t want to prescribe Adepex because of the side effects. I am a 6&#039;2&#039;&#039; woman, the looks I get for being super blonde and large is a little uncomfortable. I&#039;m beautiful, but I am too big. I am writing because I have faith in this medicine already for some odd reason. I would be happy with loosing 3 pounds a week until the 100 extra is gone. Just letting the women out there know, you are beautiful now, but you deserve to be a size you want to be!"
"bruh i woke up halfway through the night and was drowsy as hell the next day"
"I was dealing with anxiety in college my junior year and so I decided to talk to my doctor about it and he prescribed Paxil. When I started taking it, my appetite increased, energy went down, my emotions were just monotonous like I couldn&#039;t feel anything. I also gained 15 pounds in 4 months which is not normal for me, especially since I had been working out and hadn&#039;t changed my eating habits at all. After being on this drug for 5 months, I am weaning myself off it and I am feeling a million times better. I would recommend a different drug if you are having problems with anxiety."
"Omgosh! It burns like Hell, day one wasn&#039;t as bad as day 2! Omgosh!"
"I got my implant in 2014 and removed in 2017. Decided not to do the entire 4 years because in the last two years I found myself extremely tired every single day, barely wanting to get out of bed except to eat. I also noticed my my hair has thinned a lot (which I was in denial about at first) but when I researched more, I realized many other women had experienced this side effect, too. Additionally, I&#039;m 23 years old and my sex drive has been non existent for the past year. It&#039;s been almost two weeks off and already, I feel a major difference. My energy is up again and my sex drive as well. Hopefully, my hair grows back thick, the way it used to be! Overall, this medicine isn&#039;t that bad if you can deal with the side effects."
"I have tried mobic for quite some time and just recently switched to celebrex.  Pros mobic is cheap but ineffective.  Pain is still horrible.  When I switched to celebrex made a huge difference.  Con of celebrex is its expensive but effective."
"Took Mobic after 2 days had to go to the ER,had bad rash, eye &amp; face swelling.really terrible drug for me."
"I just started bupropion hydrochloride XL 300mg today. I was diagnosed with depression about 5 years ago and prescribed Zoloft. I took it for about a week. Zoloft made me feel awful(created anxiety attacks), so I stopped taking it thinking, &quot;I can handle this&quot;. Well it came back and worse. I started crying uncontrollably with ruminating thoughts as well as aggression. But I still refused to admit that I was depressed. Well I finally I discussed my thoughts and feelings with my Dr. and was prescribed Wellbutrin, however was given Bupropion with my insurance plan. Some constipation and nausea, but I can control my emotions a little better. Thanks for your comments. They were helpful."
"I had Skyla put in Feb 2015. I am 31, no kiddos, I went to work immediately after getting Skyla put in. I took 2 Aleve and the pain/severe cramps were gone. I had my first period for 17 days straight. One week no period. Then 2 more weeks of period. Eventually getting lighter and lighter but still the full 7 days. Side effects are acne, gained 15lbs, moody and no cramping. I have tried everything to work off the added pounds but nothing is working despite eating healthy and working out 5 days a week. Not sure if I will be keeping it in the full 3 years, the side effects are just not fun."
"This medicine really helped my son during his severe infections."
"After taking Celexa, which worked like a wonder drug for about 8 years.  I was put on Cymbalta.  On it, I talked non-stop, was extremely sarcastic and was not able to sleep.
Enter Pristiq.  Folks, I am NOT HAPPY with this medicine.  Has anyone had the up and down ride I am experiencing.  One day I can take on the world, and sleep very well.  Within 1 or 2 following days, I can&#039;t do a THING.  Energy is gone. WOW, I do wish I could find one that helped liked Celexa helped me for years."
"Have dry eye and use drops, I found 
Months after cataract surgery pressure around peripheral sides and 
Bottom of eye lids , nothing helped much to alleviate the pressure. Had some Acuvail left over and out of desperation on my own I tried some .it worked surprisingly Quite Well . I checked with my Eye Surgeon and he said continue 1 drop each eye morn and eve. GOOD RESULTS"
"For Chronic Pain: I take 40 mg oxycontin 3 times per day. I had c3-c7 laminectomy, fusion, two plates. Degenerative disc disease, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, severe spinal stenosis, regional pain syndrome, bulging disks at t4-t5 and pinched spinal cord in 3 places with severe nerve damage. I was on Morphine Sulfate 30mg for 3 years, now I take the oxycontin with occasional breakthrough meds. I have found 90% of the time, if I take my meds at the same time every day it works just fine, with the occasional bad day here and there. Overall it has worked well for me. I have been on it for a year now."
"The best medicine there is.  You can function and feel no pain and at the same time sleep well. I have also been prescribed other medicines, which are either too much or not enough. This is just right."
"I have been using the Nuvaring for almost a year now and I absolutely love it. I keep mine in for the entire month and usually replace it without allowing myself to have a period. I feel as if the pros definitely out way the cons. It has proven to be 100% effective and it is so convenient for my crazy schedule. I have experienced around 25 pounds of weight gain. I was only around 110lbs when I started this birth control so the weight gain looks healthy. My breasts are very tender most of the time and they have doubled in size. I am a little more tired then usual and sometimes have dizzy spells. I do think it is very convient not having to worry about taking a pill everyday and I feel very healthy. My sex drive hasn&#039;t suffered much either!"
"Been on Gilenya for 3 months, I haven&#039;t seen any improvements! In fact I think I got worse! But who knows what will happen, injections/pills whatever but make it work!!"
"Working great for weight loss. I am also not craving cigarettes which is a bonus as I was planning to try Chantix but this is killing two birds with one stone."
"Fantastic. Suffered minor heart attack several years ago at 37 years old, am now 41 years old. Recently started having severe chest pain and was put on Micardis 80mg, after being admitted to hospital, suspected heart attack (pain was that bad), luckly , no heart attack this time and blood pressure dropped from 196 to 125 after a couple of weeks. Feel a lot better. Now on the 40mg dose."
"I&#039;ve had a lifelong experience (I&#039;m 45 now) of anorexia, bulimia, and binge-eating.  This medication has helped me tremendously.  Side effects at first were feeling high and running around 100mph everywhere.  I took Xanax as prescribed (been taking it for 20 yrs.) and it curbed that feeling within days.  Experience dry mouth at times so I just drink lots of water (which is great for us anyway, right?!)  I don&#039;t think about food like I used to, in fact, there are times I forget to eat.  I love the medication because it also makes me feel in a very good mood &amp; not uptight about the little things.  I take 30mg @ 9am &amp; 30mg @ 5pm because it wears off after 6hrs for me.  So long to discover but worth the wait!"
"It is very good at suppressing your habits, but I do find that it leaves dry mouth, hard to have bowel movements and it does affect your eyes."
"This is the best I have found."
"I&#039;ve been on this for almost 2 years now. I don&#039;t get a regular period. I get one every few months and it&#039;s still just spotting, which can get scary. I do get very emotional once a month though, worse than I ever have before, and during that time I&#039;m not really hungry and have constant migraines."
"Suffered w migraine headaches my entire life of 42 years. As of Nov &#039;15 i was prescribed relpax and if taken as soon as migraine starts w a glass of water and 30-40 minute nap i feel brand new, however as miraculous as this medicine is, i can no longer afford it. Medical mystery pain such as migraine headaches shouldn&#039;t be made unaffordable. It&#039;s a shame..."
"This is the first birth control I have been on, and after hearing all the birth control horror stories that friends/family had, I&#039;m happy to say that my experience with this pill so far has been a good one! The first month or two I did experience some acne and occasional nausea, as well as going from a B to C cup (a welcome change.) However none of the symptoms have been any worse than symptoms of a period. My period lightened soon after beginning the pill packs and I stopped getting my period alltogether about 6 months after starting the pills, which (my Obgyn told me early on) was to be expected. My insurance also completely covers this pill, so that&#039;s definitely a plus!"
"I have been on Nuvigil for about year and although my body is used to it, it still works and is crucial for my quality of life. I have had numerous surgeries on my spine, plus a lot of my tendons have torn (both rotator cuffs) plus both my Achilles have tiny ruptures, leaving knots on the back of my heels. My body is falling apart, but at least the Nuvigil keeps me at a pace I can handle. Two weeks ago my insurance failed to pay and my doctor gave me sample of 150mg (I had been on 250mg before). Now I am out of it all and I have crashed. My nurse called and said that it had been approved for 6 more months, so I actually get to pick it up tomorrow. Maybe I will be able to get out of the bed now and get things done."
"I have been on Qsymia since late September 2016. So far I have lost 26 lbs. This medication has helped cut my cravings. Nothing I have tried in the past has worked this well. It&#039;s not without side effects. Some dizziness upon first starting and increased heart rate. I may need to talk with my MD about increasing my dose. I continue to loose weight but my appetite is a little heavier than its been. By far I recommend this to anyone who is serious about getting healthier and dropping some serious weight."
"Just starting my first round of medication and the dry, flaky skin is making me crazy. Hopeful the end results will be worth it but after several weeks I have not noticed any significant effects."
"I have had chronic joint pain for as long as I can remember and use to eat OTC meds like asprin / Tyenol like candy to reduce the pain but it just gradually worsened over time. I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia and the start of osteoarthritis in most of my joints. I also suffer from restless leg syndrome. To my surprise , when I went into the hospital to have a heart valve replacement and bypass surgery I was given Tramadol for the pain during my recovery and I noted that about 95% of my pain from the above mention Fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis was relieved as well along with the restless leg syndrome which disappeared completely. I continue to take one tablet daily at about 6 pm and I now feel much better and sleep like a baby at night."
"Dilaudid is an amazing pain reliever, but I do not recommend it if you have no self control. It is very easy to get addicted to. I have had dilaudid several times after operations. I also suffer horrible migraines and sometimes dilaudid is the only thing that will knock them out. There are also times that dilaudid makes it worse such as rebound migraines. It doesn&#039;t always help. The bad thing about dilaudid is that it does cause me to have bad acid reflux and also makes me extremely nauseous. I wouldn&#039;t recommend it unless you are in a tremendous amount of pain. It is very strong. Whenever they give it to you in an IV your whole body tingles and heats up. Its a very strange feeling. Like I said stay away from it unless you&#039;re in terrible pain"
"This medicine works within 30 min - 1 hour for me. I have a condition where I am allergic my own skin oils and when they get in my eye it&#039;s almost like pink eye. I have light sensitivity, excessive tearing, and pain. I love this medicine. I have used probably 20 (seriously) different eye drops and pills, OTC and prescription, and I am super happy with this one."
"i was given bupropion by my g.p. to quit smoking and for anxiety and stress.
i did the 150mg a day for 1 week and was fine,but after the first week it was time to double the daily dose to 350mg it was bad i could`nt control my thoughts or stop fixating on a task i was`nt myself at all.i went back to 150mg and after a week i just stopped smoking i knew that last one would be it and its been going on 4 months and i have`nt smoked you have to want to quit.
or never want to go through the hell of those pills again.give it a chance and stick with it.its hard but it worked 20+ years and i really feel better i don`t even think about it anymore even when people smoke beside me i just don`t feel the need anymore,its really amazing"
"On day 2 of Monistat 7 day treatment. Burns so bad that last night I cried and took a bath to wash it away. I think tonight I&#039;ll have to do the same.

I would rather be eaten by fire ants.
Do not use!"
"Took care of my depression, insomnia, and IBS"
"I had been on levothyroxine for about 6 years with no problems. I got a new doctor closer to my home &amp; he switched me to this drug, On it just 2 weeks I got severe anxiety attacks (hyperventilating). He has given me samples so I do not know if this will be covered by my insurance yet.  I got a blood test &amp; he said the levels were fine that I should see my internist for my anxiety.  NOT. I will go back on my regular meds for 2 weeks then try this again. I think it is this drug."
"I&rsquo;ve been on Prozac, Zoloft and cymbalta in the past. Zoloft was my last med. My grandma passed away so I bumped up to 100mg felt like a zombie. At 50mg which I know is low, I didn&rsquo;t feel like it helped at all. Decided to try trintellix so I went off Zoloft in 2 days. Never had any side effects ever of withdrawal. Took 10mg of trintellix I though I was going to throw up everywhere. Can&rsquo;t take on an empty stomach no one told me. I&rsquo;m on day 2 of 5mg and the only complaint I have is stomach ache and diarrhea bad. I really hope this goes away I&rsquo;ve had even enough issues with diarrhea in the past since I had my gallbladder out. Hoping for the best and it is really expensive tho look for the coupon online !"
"I have herniated disc, osteoarthritis, degenerative disc disease, spinal stenosis, bone spurs, and more...I have been taking Norco 10/325 for 3 months now and have surgery coming up in June...spinal fusion and laminectomy of lumbar L4 L5.  Without this medication I would not be able to get out of bed most of my days and am very thankful to have somewhat of a quality of life.  I only take the entire 10 occasionally and break them in half to manage my pain.  I do occasionally get light headed and nauseated but I have found that I can avoid this by eating small meals throughout the day and drinking lots of water."
"I always had trouble finding the right birth control for years now. Not only would certain ones contribute to a lot of weight gain or very bad mood swings, I was horrible with taking my birth control pill on time. I was having horrible cramping and pain with my periods to the point that I would have to call off from work! Since being on the Depo shot, I have had no side effects. I always eat a lot and I don&#039;t work out often so if I do gain weight, that&#039;s my own personal issue. I&#039;m glad to read these reviews and to be informed about the bone density because my doctor clearly never told me that. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings or emotional break-downs like the other pills did to me!"
"The Depo just doesn&#039;t work for me. It was great at first, it lightened my periods but 7 months in and my period started lasting up to 2+ weeks. Back in March 2017, I asked to get my shot early (I was due in April) in hopes to stop the bleeding and it did. A month later my period came back and I took these low dosage birth control pills my doctor gave me which stopped the bleeding up until I finished the pack this month, and I started bleeding again. This time, however, I&#039;m bleeding A LOT. My cycle&#039;s super heavy, and my normal period&#039;s before depo were never like that. This depo is messing up my body and it&#039;s made me gained weight like crazy. I&#039;m switching to the implant in my arm method tomorrow, and I really hope that works better for me"
"Rapaflo works great for me. No really significant side effects. Don&#039;t have the sex anymore, just a wonderful understanding wife. Sex is not everything. I would rather have the flow."
"Oral Dissolving Tablets are the way to go.  It is quite discouraging vomiting up your nausea medicines."
"2nd month on the pill, this is my 2nd review. I feel nauseous a lot. No super craving. Broke out about the same. It seems like it makes me feel super sad/anxious for about 24-48. I shouldn&#039;t start until @ sat still on last week of pills, I spotted Monday in morning, it stopped. Now its Wednesday and I have to use a pantie liner. I will report again next month."
"I began this medicine a year ago and have been stable at one dosage, 40 mg, for 7 months. I have experienced a large weight gain of 20 lbs on my small frame and have become very unhappy. I trusted my physician when I chose this medication. He told me it is one of the only SSRI&#039;s that does not cause weight gain. I feel all the positive side effects I first experienced have faded. I am going to be going off the medication this week with hopes of losing the weight. Gaining so much weight for a young girl is counterproductive when considering what the medication is originally prescribed for. I am a 23 yr old female."
"I have been on Victoza since Jan 9th. I am impressed with how well things are going. I was diagnosed as insulin resistant and am overweight and would like to lose 70 lbs. I have lost 20 lbs so far. I modified my diet and faithfully use a fit bit daily to log my activity, diet and glucose levels. I am staying on a 0.6 dose and am happy to say my glucose levels are ranging between 85 and 105. I had one day of nausea."
"I just had 4 Wisdom teeth cut out on 1/29/09. Before the surgery they injected Fentanyl through my I.V. injection. After they gave me the injection I went about 10 feet down the hall and everything went relaxed and peaceful. I would say this is a wonderful drug for sedation."
"I thought this was crazy, but when you are in pain all the time and can&#039;t afford to go to the doctor, you will try anything...It really works"
"Linzess has been wonderful for me. I developed a bad fissure and the over the counter options weren&#039;t working unless I didn&#039;t need to leave the house. With Linzess, I take it at 530, consume something at 600, and about 730 I&#039;m finding relief. For me, it takes only 2 times, 15 minutes apart to feel empty, and then I&#039;m okay the rest of the day usually. I&#039;ve been able to tailor these bathroom trips around my schedule, and my fissure is finally healed without surgery.  I haven&#039;t had any side effects as the watery stools I greatly appreciate. I love this stuff."
"I first got on depo almost 9 yrs ago. I was on it for 2yrs. Almost immediately after the first shot up until the month after I stopped I had no period. But I also had gained 45lbs after 2yrs! After stopping, my periods immediately returned to normal. I had been off of depo for 5yrs and had regular, unprotected sex with my boyfriend of 4yrs now and did not finally conceive until after 2 1/2yrs of actively trying. Finally conceived, thankfully! Decided to get depo once again and this time, I have bled/spotted off and on since I have birth randomly sometimes 2weeks at a time and it&#039;s been 8months postpartum. Decided to stop injections and try different route. Also since it took so long to get preg. before doc advised to stop sooner next time"
"I don&#039;t know if the suppository works or not because I&#039;m too tender to use the insert. The plunger is sharp and pointy and not like a tampon at all. I&#039;m already extremely uncomfortable and there is no way this thing is going in me.  This must have been made by a man.  I feel like I&#039;m cutting myself and can&#039;t get the plunger in deep enough to get the cream to where it needs to be to work"
"Am allergic to penicillin &amp; more recently Keflex -a not uncommon occurrence in those with penicillin allergy. Prior to allergy, Keflex was  slow to work &amp; caused nausea whether taken mid meal or on an empty stomach. I&#039;ve used Levaquin for stubborn sinus infections &amp; more recently my first UTI. The first time I took it, I experienced muscle soreness. With each subsequent prescription the side effects have vanished &amp; it&#039;s efficaciousness has not diminished .Of note for those who give up on it due to nausea &amp; muscle aches: hydration  helps reduce the symptoms. This med is not for those with certain heart issues or on some meds for mental health diagnosis."
"Had to start out with a very low dose 12.5 and work my way up to a 150 MG.  Would up dose by 12.5 each week.  Been on it for three months and have lost 15 pounds, also my hands shake and I can&#039;t sleep at night.  Also had bad stomach pain. Only been on the 150 mg since Nov. 27th. My doctor said to give it two more months.  So far have not gotten results yet with my anxiety or depression but it can take up to six months for some of these meds to start working.  Will just have to be patient and give it more time to work.  Will try Prozac if Zoloft doesn&#039;t work. My doctor said Prozac is the easiest one to get off of. Have read some good reviews on it and have tried two other ones before Zoloft so I&#039;m hoping this one starts to kick in soon."
"This medications was given to me after blue cross and blue shield stop covering levocetirizine which i had taken for 7 years. Singulair is awful.  Within 2 days i had nightmares so very vivid that was scary. The dreams would come in few minutes intervals during hours and hours of not being able to sleep at all. By the third day i had tremors in my legs which kept me awake anyways, during the day I thought about nothing then kill myself. By the fourth day  i broke out in hives. That&#039;s when I stopped it. I would not recommend!  I am very healthy athletic person and I love outdoors,  this medication was debilitating."
"Was untreated for bipolar 2 disorder until age 30. Diagnosed with chronic PTSD after service. 

Vets. Request this from the VA. I&#039;ve tried it all, and this is the only one that works for me. You wanna feel joy again? See things in a positive perspective? Realize how jacked up PTSD effects your judgement? Brothers and Sisters, this is your light. 
Saved my life. Thank you thank you."
"I&#039;m 22 years old and I had been battling with armpit hyperhidrosis since I was 12. It didn&#039;t matter if it was hot or cold outside, I would still have dripping wet underarms. My doctor recommended me to use Drysol for 7 days straight, and then 2-3 times a week. All I can say is that I&#039;m extremely happy for the results, at the 3rd day of treatment I could notice that the hyperhidrosis had decreased 80% and by the end of the first week I had zero sweat.

I&#039;m from Chile and the product is much more expensive here, but it&#039;s definitely worth it. It changed my life and gave me back the confidence I had lost."
"I have been on this birth control for almost three months. Overall I really like it; it makes me feel the most normal. During the first two months, I got the absolute worst night sweats I&#039;ve ever had in my life. I do not sweat often at all, but I was waking up dripping in sweat. I also have been getting painful stomach cramps every morning, but they don&#039;t last more that a few minutes. Overall, this is the least problematic pill I&#039;ve taken."
"I use this miracle cream for any kind of household burn.  I&#039;m kind of clumsy and I often burn myself on the bbq grill or oven.  It heals burns, even bad ones, within a few minutes.  Sometimes, I can&#039;t even tell that I was burned at all.  

I friend of mine accidentally spilled hot oil on his hand.  The damage was pretty bad and he was in a lot of pain.  I gave him my tube of &quot;silvadene&quot; cream and he used it for 1 day.  When I saw him a day after that, you couldn&#039;t even tell he&#039;d been burned.  He couldn&#039;t believe how well it worked.  He made a doctor appointment immediately to get a prescription for his own tube to have on hand.

Every single human being should have some of this in their medicine cabinet."
"I am a 27 year old 5&#039;2 women. My weight started at 242lbs on March 1st. I lost 8lbs in a month teaching myself how to eat right. I just went to the doctor on April 21st and he gave me Adipex for 30 days. I started taking it on the 22nd and today is the 25th and I have lost 7lbs in 4 days. I do have dry mouth, nausea, headache at night and have trouble sleeping. I don&#039;t have that burst of energy I hear so many talk about. I have not started working out yet, but tonight I will start that. I too do not crave sweets and I also am a huge coke drinker and I haven&#039;t wanted one since I started. All I want is water and that&#039;s a good thing. This is my first time taking Adipex and so far I am very happy with it."
"My gynecologist prescribed me Loestrin 24 Fe to help manage my irritable bowel syndrome and also, clearly, as birth control. IBS episodes are triggered by any number of things, but hormonal shifts due to periods are particularly nasty and as a student and teacher I needed something to help keep myself stable. This birth control keeps everything steady, periods are light and free of pain (maybe one ibuprofen the first day), and all in all I feel great. I am on a three month cycle, however, limiting the amount of bleeding so perhaps it&#039;s time to shift to one month for my own reassurance. Breasts did get a bit larger, but my weight has been more stable than it has ever been! Highly recommend, though remember everyone&#039;s body chemistry is different."
"I am a new user to Klonopin and wanted to share my experience because I know that people come to the net to figure out what&#039;s going to happen.  I have generalized anxiety disorder and obsessive compulsive stress disorder and things were getting a little more out of hand than normal. I was on Citalopram, and finally got switched to Viibryd which I&#039;m looking forward to seeing the benefits. Klonopin taken at night lowers the brain activity and allows me to sleep.  Finished my third night on it and slept through 2 nights, not woken up once.  Hasn&#039;t happened in 6 months.  Its not a sleeping pill...its a calm the brain pill.  Very happy I&#039;m getting back to normal."
"I took only 1 pill around 3pm due to severe constipation &amp; hard stools caused by pain medications I was on last week. I was fine until around 8pm when I suddenly started having severe stomach cramps. I continued to have these &amp; finally passed some hard stools around 9:30pm, but still am severely bloated with intense stomach pains. It is now nearly 10pm &amp; I am stuck on the toilet with severe stomach pains &amp; hoping to pass more stool as I can see the bloated area moving through my stomach. Do not take this medicine, the pain is not worth it! I am hoping the pains will pass soon, but very scared by other reviews I read of nausea &amp; vomiting."
"I was on a 3 day dose, and wouldn&#039;t have been able to stay on it any longer than that. My skin became red and dry. It felt like I had a full body sunburn. It did it&#039;s job as far as my infection, but now I always list this drug when asked for drug allergies."
"No side effects.  Positive results as per reduced IBS problems and subsidence of peptic ulcer pain.
concerned that FDA has removed approval.  Anticipate many months of trying other drugs to obtain similar relief from symptoms"
"This drug is not for me. Not only did I have bad dreams and hallucinations, it seriously affected my memory. The four months I took it I didn&#039;t think anything was wrong. My family had to tell me how goofy (but funny and nice) I was acting...very weird, I&#039;m not that nice.  Still waiting for those 4 months of memory to return. Also, my doctor had prescribed Chantix to stop smoking at the same time. Probably the combination put me in the land of Oz. Went back to taking Remeron and trying to stop smoking naturally. Hope either medicine works great for you though."
"I&#039;ve used Phenergan, which is sold over the counter, as a sleeping aid for about one year now. Taken one hour before bedtime, it rarely fails to put me to sleep. The wondrous thing is that I have kept the same dose, and there are no withdrawal symptoms, if you stop using the drug for a week or two. Definitely the best substitute for any prescription sleep aid, that I&#039;ve ever tried. Highly recommended as a sleep aid."
"I would have only good things to say about Strattera if I could have got pass the constipation that started after week three."
"On Thursday 04/27/17, I decided to have my PCP prescribe a med for my chronic lower [right] back pain. Once she determined I may have a strained muscle, she prescribed Methocarbamol 500 mg tablet along with Meloxicam 15 mg tablet. I took the initial dose after my 7:30 pm dinner. And a short time after, maybe 15 minutes, I began to have moderate chest pains, and a dulled heart beat. This lasted only a few minutes, not long enough to warrant a visit to the emergency room, I gathered. The following morning, I woke up to a swollen face [side effect of meds]. Friday 04/28/17, I informed my PCP&#039;s office I do not plan to take any more of either med.

Just wondering how long the facial swelling will last."
"Given that I&#039;ve had issues with addiction, my previous psychiatrist would not prescribe me any benzos and instead prescribed me Vistaril, which I found pretty useless. For someone with acute panic and anxiety issues, benzos really should be the first and last word on the topic. Ativan is great. Because of my addiction history, I am very careful with it and never take it more than prescribed. It is enough to make me feel &quot;evened out&quot; during the day without making me loopy, euphoric or sleepy. And at night, it puts me out without giving me a &quot;hangover&quot; the following day like Valium does."
"This is my second yeast infection I have had and the doc that I went to prescribed fluconazole. Didn&#039;t give me a hole lot of info on it other then it would cure the infection. I took the pill at around 10pm and it is now 5am and I can barely stand. My burning and itching has stopped, but my stomach hurts so bad and I have spent the last hour on the toilet. It is a side effect but I don&#039;t know if I should be concerned..."
"When I take my Levothyroxine 0.075 mg as prescribed; on an empty stomach, preferably 1/2 to 1 hour before breakfast ; I have experienced stomach pain every time.  The stomach pain has progressed to problems with diarrhea.   I am wondering if anyone else has experienced stomach issues/irritability when taking this medication?  The change seems to have occurred when they switched to the small purple pill with M on one side and L 6 on the other.  When I was taking a round white pill these problems never occurred."
"Took prep kit as recommended. While mixture is not the best tastin, it is at least drinkable. Followed the prep with 32oz of water within 15 mins of finishing drinking the prep solution. Bowel movement began within 15-20 mins of completing both preps and lasted for about 1.5-2hrs."
"I had the Nexplanon for a year and four months it was highly effective contraception. However, the side effects were terrible. 
1.Mood swings
2. Depression (I&#039;ve suffered with depression before and the drug just aggravated my depression more)
3. Headaches 
4. Breast tenderness 
5. Anxiety/ panic attacks ( which I&#039;ve never had a problem with before til now)
6. Difficulty breathing (had a pulmonary test and a cardiologist look at my heart and they said all was fine)
7. Chest pain/ palpations 
8. Paranoia
9. HORRIBLE cramps ( I&#039;ve never had really bad cramps until I got the Nexplanon put in)
10. No periods for a couple of months just spotting, no period but horrible cramps
11. Backache
12. Hungry all the time 
13. No sex drive"
"This drug was given to my son as part of a treatment for ADHD and ODD.  He was given this to help him sleep at night to counteract effects his ADHD medicines had; which is kept him awake.  This drug for him was good at helping him fall asleep, but didn&#039;t keep him asleep but then again everyone is different."
"I was diagnosed with Cirrhosis of the Liver.  This medication helped with my Hepatic Encephalopathy.  I just wish it was not so expensive."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been on different birth control pills and also shots. I have been on this for about, 3 years now and it has cleared my face nicely only a couple months after first starting. Downsides, a week or two before my period I feel nausea and a little dizzy also, a couple pimples do show and I have sore breasts. In the emotional state, I have been on it for a good amount of time but I feel it only changes my moods close to the times I&#039;m near my period. I do get very depressed randomly but again it could just be a personal thing. Upsides, the clear skin overall, also I know when my period will come every month down. I have not gotten pregnant and have been very sexually active for the last 2 year. Don&#039;t plan to switch anytime soon."
"Non-professional concern that Idaho Hick&#039;s reaction is close enough to symptoms of acute angle glaucoma, potentially caused by the drops, to warrant further investigation, but my experience is increased blurred vision that continues 18 hours the ophthalmologist appointment, and a physiologically depressed heaviness.  Reported to doctors but they are unconcerned."
"I knew pretty well that the drinking part would be hell. When I smelled it (why do people always do that?) basically the only thing that came to mind was cherry cough syrup, which I usually puke up anytime I try to take. I know it said to mix with only water, but if everyone on here is licking lemons and drinking chasers. I mixed the 6oz solution with about 4 oz of lime juice and 6 oz water. it wasn&#039;t unbearable. Drink it on ice and with a straw btw. 
For me, it took 3 hours for the first dose to work and about 5 minutes for the second bottle the next morning. Towards the end of the 1st cleanse, my poo looked like urine and I thought the 2nd wouldn&#039;t do anything but somehow it found more to expel o_O"
"Didn&#039;t do anything for me. I still have severe acne like always. It&#039;s been 2 years but no fix. Tried doxycycline, minocycline and this. None of them ever worked. I also have super oily skin and this medicine doesn&#039;t fix that. It only kills the bacteria, which in my case is not a big problem. Oily skin is giving me acne. Plus I was applying erythromycin 2% on face. Nothing happened. Took it for a month. Finally going on Accutane soon. It was the last resort for me."
"I have suffered from a very severe anxiety and panic disorder all of my life.  I was given Xanax about a year ago because the medications I was taking were not working.  I started taking the Xanax which did take care of the panic attacks for the most part.  But what I did not realize is that though I was taking the dosage that the doctor had prescribed to me I was blacking out and getting very violent or I would be asleep my eyes would open I would punch my boyfriend in the face and try to choke him then go back to sleep like nothing even happened.  The morning after these events he would wake up on the couch and tell me what I had done.  I did not remember doing any of this.  It was terrifying."
"Lexapro has finally provided stability to my life after about 6 months. I still have a long way to go and alot to do before I feel &quot;Recovered&quot; but the medication has definitely helped with my anxiety."
"Bactrim cured my prostatitis within two weeks, however I had to stop taking it earlier than prescribed because I discovered I was allergic. I noticed flu-like symptoms, including chills, fever, and horrible muscle aches. On top of that, I developed a head to toe rash that itched like crazy. Imagine being sore and itchy at the same time. Luckily, all of this subsided within a few days of quitting Bactrim. 

Since the antibiotic kills bacteria everywhere, I noticed I had flawless skin for about a week. But that didn&#039;t last. The bacteria came back with a vengeance and I developed the worst acne of my life. I&#039;m now taking doxycycline and using expensive creams to combat this. It&#039;s been two months since I stopped Bactrim and I am still breaking out!"
"I was told by my doctor that I might gain weight. He said that the signal in the brain that says, &quot;Thank you, I&#039;ve had enough!&quot; which is what I always go by, and it keeps my weight steady, is DELAYED.  It&#039;s TRUE. he says portion control is the key. We shall see. I&#039;m trying but I&#039;ve already gained about three pounds and notice that I eat way more. I&#039;ll let you know if I get a handle on it. The drug is THE one added to my cocktail that made the difference."
"This is day 2 for me.  I had a little nausea today. I am trying really hard to get off of insulin. I hope this works. I was on victoza for 4 years so I  am used to nausea and stomach issues."
"I have had the nexplanon for 3 years now. No weight gain. Acne is just as bad. My periods last weeks to months. AND I bleed huge blood clots. (Sorry TMI but I thought I had a miscarriage once because of it) I am an emotional wreck. Like it makes me cry over the littlest things. I overreact and my depression and anxiety are horrible. It has done its job not to get me pregnant but I hate it so much. And waking up with a headache everyday is killing me."
"I took Anafranil for only 3 months, it completely cured my 30  year obsessive compulsive disorder.  Free of OCD for 15 years."
"Cost reduced because of discount card.  Had bad gas, stomach upset after taking each dose until I read about taking Zantac before eating and then taking Pradaxa immediately after meal.  I had been taking Pradaxa before breakfast which resulted in burping and gas, and a few hours after dinner which caused bad bloating and stomach upset.  Took Nexium for a month incorrectly also, taking before breakfast along with Pradaxa.  First time I used Zantac 30 min before dinner and then took Pradaxa immediately after eating I had minimal gas and stomach issues."
"I have had 24 surgeries over the past 18 years had a very severe fall this medication has made it possible for me to live a normal life I have heard of people abusing this drug  maybe I&#039;m the lucky 1 because if I take more than it says to take or too soon it makes me nauseous but only if I don&#039;t wait at least 5 hours between doses"
"My weight in April was 279lbs I&#039;ve have lost 85 pounds so far. Still losing weight about 2 pounds a week, this weight loss is done without any exercise whatsoever thanks to taking Qysmia."
"It cleared up my urinary tract infection symptoms within 24 hours, however my doctor prescribed it to me for 2 weeks. Today was the end of the first week and I&#039;ve experienced a slight shortness of breath, and a bit of weight on my lungs, almost like one feels with bronchitis. I feel as though I must breathe deeply in order to fully expand my lungs and sometimes it causes me to have a dry cough. I think I&#039;ll stop taking it before things get worse."
"Wow in love so far!! Third day and I have no appetite at all and when I eat it&#039;s a couple bits and I&#039;m full! I don&#039;t know how it&#039;s working so fast but I&#039;m loving it I will say one thing though I could literally sleep forever that&#039;s all I found to be negative"
"Neupro seems inappropriate for warm-hot climates, especially in high humidity. My experience in Sydney, Australia, is that I must replace patches 2-3 times/day. Frequently, I&#039;m unaware that the patch has fallen off so for a  large part of the day this medication is useless. Last year during a Pacific cruise, I used so many patches that doctors on board agreed that I&#039;d overdosed. Advice contained with the medication tells us not to &quot;store&quot; Neupro at temperatures exceeding 25 degrees centigrade nor leave it in a damp place. How is that possible when the outside temperature is around 40 degrees centigrade with high humidity?"
"I have been on Savella for 3 months now and it is the most effective medication I have taken for fibromyalgia to date.  I&#039;ve tried Cymbalta and Pristiq.  It is not without side effects though.  I have a rapid heartbeat, and stay on the verge of throwing up, but.....pain is not the first thing I think of when I get out of bed in the morning and that means a lot.  I am going to stay on it as long as possible in hopes that the side effects will go away.  I started taking Topamax for the headaches, and they have gone away."
"Helps with desire and libido, not the impotence and anorgasmia."
"I have had the Nexplanon for two years and I love it. I started with period only every other month. For some time I did have two months in which I had a period almost two weeks of spotting, it stopped and then i got it again a week later. But that only happened once. I don&#039;t feel any mood swings other than what I would have before so Its just my normal me. I did gain weight but it was about a year later and i doubt was due to the birth control because I can lose it when I want. I love this birth control it has worked great for me and I do recommend it. It is safe and easy."
"The only negative thing about using the ring is that for me it tends to slowly slide out often. Not totally just enough where I can feel discomfort. Other than that I have had no negative symptoms. It&#039;s pretty much idiot proof."
"I have had asthma every since I was born, montelukast helps me breath every day if I don&#039;t take it I can&#039;t breath but it causes me severe stomach pains, sometimes anxiety, depression, red blotches one my face, I get the sweats and nausea. These are some of the long-term affects I suffer with I would not suggest taking it eternally"
"Belviq gave me horrible headaches when I started taking it and if I forgot to take it (when the meds left my system). At first it didn&#039;t do anything for me, then after taking it for 4 months, I gained 20 pounds. I&#039;ve read this medicine works similarly to antidepressants and I&#039;ve had weight gain problems with antidepressants in the past, so I&#039;m thinking that&#039;s why this medication did not work for me."
"I was super excited to begin this drug in order to help me lose some weight. After one dose, I had a horrible headache and a jolt that went through my brain so violent, it woke me from my sleep. It scared the living &quot;L&quot; out of me. Thanks, but no thanks."
"I got the Mirena on April 23rd to help with my endo and heavy bleeding.  I got it removed yesterday, June 8th.  I had about 3 or 4 good days and the rest I was enduring the same kinds of cramps that I did with my periods each month.  It drained me.  I wanted it to work for me so badly and felt guilty when I asked to have it removed yesterday thinking I hadn&#039;t given it long enough to settle.  An hour after it was gone, I no longer felt guilty.  The pain was gone.  The doctor told me it could take up to 6mths to settle but I just didn&#039;t have it in me to wait it out that long.  I had a horrible experience with it.  Zero energy, terrible mood swings and many times I was doubled over in pain similar to labor pains which took my breath away."
"I have had firbo for 16 years. My stupid doctor , who knew nothing about fibro, put me on some opiates and the one that worked was morphine. it was great, I loved it and then 2 months ago  my doctor took me off morphine-paranoid I think about people overdosing.. I was furious with her and plan on changing doctors soon. I called Pfizer and qualified for no charge Lyrica . I received it 4 days ago, 150 mg . I sleep great with it and I also take xanex, trazadone, amitriptyline for sleep, I take it in the morning with my antidepressents and feel ok then I take it around noon and sometimes I feel really flaky. I need to gain about 10 pounds so I am not worried about weight gain.So far it is ok, still have pain but its not horrible.."
"They work really well but they taste awful."
"I can say, Buspar (Buspirone) has helped me.  I am also on 40 mg Citalopram once day and 5 mg Buspar twice daily.  
 I have experienced way less anxiety, able to enjoy life better."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia when I was 22 and I am about to turn 57 on the 27th of August. It really never bothered me until the last 8 years, and it hit me like a ton of knives. I have tried everything and nothing seems to help. I went to a rheumatologist and she diagnosed me with polymyalgia along with the fibromyalgia. Had neck surgery in July of last year and back surgery in December, and I can honestly say the pain is unbearable most of the time. I take effexor,gabapentin,robaxin, and occasionally I will take a tylenol arthritis. Thats it. He wants me to take prednisone and I was a pharmacy technician for 13 years so I know and have seen the side effects. So I am trying to figure out if its really worth it. I hurt 24/7, all over."
"This medication kept me calm and gave me a good night sleep. I woke up early in the morning with energy and looking forward to starting the day. However, none of this means anything to me since it cause me to go from 145 pounds to 210 pounds. "
"I&#039;ve only been taking this medication for about 2 weeks and notice a severe drop off in my anxiety levels around people.
The only downfall to this medication is the increased level of depression. I&#039;m 22 and so far this combined with Klonopin seem to be the best combination I&#039;ve had."
"This stuff is great, it helps get rid of the migraines most of the time. I also take Baclofen daily. I have had migraines for over 30 years and this is the only thing that has helped."
"I had a sudden onset of cold sores and a new one was appearing each day. I am on immunosuppressants so my body just can&#039;t fight this virus on its own. After 5 days I went to my doctor.
This medication was amazing- within 24-48 hrs the blisters were crusting over. The swelling and redness was decreasing as well. 
I am on 400 mg 3 x daily for 10 days. I am currently on day 6. 
For the first few days I would feel lightheaded (not dizzy) for a few hours after each dose, but that has gone away now. No nausea when taken with food. I did have a few mild headaches, but that was because I was not drinking enough fluid. As soon as I hydrated, headaches were gone.
My doctor gave me 2 refills so next time I feel the onset I can start treatment right aw"
"Diagnosed with Lymphoma, 5 drugs given by i.v. every 3 weeks. Prednisone 100 mg for 5 days, no side effects. Cancer is in remission 2 more therapies to go."
"This is a tough one. I&#039;ve been taking Savella for not quite a year. I have no known side effects, taking twice daily x 50mgs other than slight drying but I take other meds that also could be suspect. 
Here&#039;s my report. It mainly helped take the stiffness, pins and needles out of my knuckles in my hands for months BUT know that is coming back. I think my body is getting used to it and its not working any longer, at least not as well. My Doc and I talked about going to 100 mgs but have not. 
I still have to take Vicoprofen for my Fibromyalgia. Nothing else takes the overall tiredness and pain away like that. 
Even though its not my miracle drug I like it enough to pay my $45 monthly script for it."
"I&#039;ve been on the Junel Fe 1.5/30 28 day, for 6 months and I&#039;ve gained about 17 pounds while on this, no anxiety/depression but my sex drive did decrease significantly to the point where it concerned me. Getting off of this right away!"
"I made it to the other side.  I have been smoke free for two years. I tried again and again to quit, probably took about 10 times before it stuck. I did use the patch each time I quit, but I would always go to the bar, take the patch off and start my pack a day habit again.  Smoke for a week, then buy more patches.  You have to really want to quit to do it.  I think the patch is great at keeping your nicotine cravings at bay while you learn to deal with the mental addiction of quitting.  Do whatever it takes, and don&#039;t listen to those harpees who say that using a NRT is not really quitting."
"I took three. 1 in the morning, 1 around 1 p.m. and the nausea didn&#039;t stop so I took another one. My doctor said I should take 1 before every meal and 2 before bed or as needed. The label says take 2 pills before meals. 
My point being it made me feel horrible. It made me feel drugged up. I didn&#039;t want to move, I felt like I want to throw up and go #2 and just get out of my body. I&#039;m never taking that again. Its 9:30 pm and I still feel drugged up. This drug is an antihistamine and messes with your brain. I should&#039;ve read about it before taking it. Although I&#039;m 8 weeks pregnant and nauseous all day and my Dr said it is given to all OB patients so I trusted him."
"ambien was the only sleeping pill that worked for me i was on 10 mg and went to the ambien cr on 12.5 mg and back to 10 mg taking it on an empty stomach made me binge, forgetful, and do questionable/irresponsible things i wouldn&#039;t normally do it also sometimes made me drowsy in the morning it works quickly unlike certain sleeping meds that you have to take 3 hours with food before bed i had withdrawals on ambien as well a lot of negatives for me but i still liked it best"
"I had used Metrogel for years, but it didn&#039;t seem to be making a difference any more, so I went to a derm &amp; he prescribed Mirvaso.  I should have walked away when I saw the price!  The first couple of days I used it, my face and along my hairline itched.  Redness increased and acne appeared.  I stayed with it for two weeks; the flushing got worse and my face burned, along with my ears &amp; neck.  Acne increased.  But the worst effect was the headaches.  I have migraines that I finally was able to manage with 2 prescriptions.  The derm didn&#039;t tell me a side effect of Mirvaso.  Did The FDA approved this?"
"My experience with it.  The medicine works great for itch relief (pruritis) and anxiety.  I have Graves Disease, this was to treat anxiety temporarily after thyroid storm.  The problem I had with it was it made me to doped feeling to function normally.  I stayed tired and experienced grumpiness and lack of patience.  I&#039;ve taken Xanax, and Elavil before and definitely was able to work, socialize normally unlike this medicine, there is no way I can take it every four to six hours and function throughout the day. I&#039;ve never been one to tolerate antihistamines very well, I get the shakes etc., and  experienced the same with the Vistaril.  All that aside, at night it did help me sleep, help the anxiety as it&#039;s supposed too."
"(July 17, 2013) Just received my second Depo-Provera shot yesterday. I am very pleased with this form of birth control because it is so quick, convenient, and nothing has to be done before or after sex. Personally, my only downside is weight gain. I&#039;ve gained about 10 pounds and have a love/hate relationship with my newer curves (although I must say my boyfriend doesn&#039;t seem to mind them). I have not gotten my period since starting the Depo but only some light spotting a few days before I was due for my next injection. Overall, I am happy and will continue using Depo-Provera for birth control."
"I have been taking citalopram for about 6 years and not really noticed any difference in my life. I was switched to venlafaxine yesterday and after 1 dose and a good night&#039;s sleep I jumped out of bed this morning to answer the telephone. I did not realize it until later, but I normally sleep through the phone ringing or just ignore it and go back to sleep. I am very very impressed with the results already and feel like a new person and so full of energy. Thank you, thank you is all I can say!"
"I would NEVER recommend this birth control to anyone. I had it for a year straight! With the feeling of being pregnant. Boobs constantly hurt, always cramping, migraines, exhausted everyday, mood swings and zero sex drive. I would have rather been pregnant. So not worth it. Much rather remember a pill everyday!"
"I have had acute neurological (atypical) pain for 10 weeks, the GP put me on Nortriptyline which I am not sure whether it helped the pain or not, but it turned me into a zombie capable of sleeping all day and all night. It was nice at first but became a bit of a hassle in the end. so I have started to wean myself off it."
"Weighed in at 218lbs (35  BMI). I started out with Wii-Fit workout 2-30 minute sessions or 60 minutes aerobics 5  days weekly [work up to it] if you hit a plateau, then increase by 10 minutes. Eat 300 calories breakfast, 200 calortie snack 300 lunch 200 snack, 300 dinner. Space meals by 2-1/2 to 3 hours. Use fingers. With Phentermine 37.5 you&#039;ll have to remind yourself to eat, I logged it into my cell phone calendar.  No bottle/canned juices or sodas. Nothing 3 hours before sleeping. Most important limit sugars, starches AND GLUTEN. Set up a pitcher of water in the morning (I add 2 propel packets) to track your water intake. Keep chapstick in your pocket for dry lips. These simple steps and I&#039;m 45 lbs lighter in 70 days. GOOD LUCK! "
"My dad is a doctor and he started me on contrave to help me out with my weight problem that ive been struggling with all my life. I&#039;m over 2 months in but i also only took half a dose for most of the time because i kept getting so violently ill. Im back to the regular dose now. According to the scale I&#039;ve lost 6 lbs but i never trust the accuracy of those things. I discovered that the reason the nausea was so amplified is because i was drinking caffeine. As soon as i cut out the caffeine i felt great! My diet isnt really a diet. More of forcing myself not to eat 5 candybars a day and to drink more water. I take my dog for a 2 mile walk almost every other day to get SOME exercise in there."
"I was on methadone for 10 yrs quitting cold turkey at 80mg in Dec 2015. I lasted about 4 days then started using heroin again. Jan 2 I went into detox, got out the 10th and was still in wds from the methadone. Went 3 weeks struggling really bad, started shooting again then finally gave suboxone a try 1 week ago. I feel amazing besides the constant sweats I get. Methadone withdrawal is the worst wd I ever experienced. I know I&#039;m not looking to come off suboxone. I know for me that I will always need &quot;something&quot;. If I can take a legally prescribed medication that will help me not to shoot heroin and make my life unmanageable then I will continue to take it. So far suboxone has done good by me, why would I stop it."
"The doctor put mine in on Jan 17th 2015. I have had nothing but periods every two weeks. I&#039;ve gained weight like crazy. My mood swings are horrible. I&#039;m always down and out. I have not changed my eating habits. I&#039;m calling my doctor today to get it removed. I&#039;m going to get my insides burned out because I have my three kids and I don&#039;t want anymore babies."
"I take 300 mg a Day 150mg am + 150mg pm together with Halodol Vial once a  month and Cogentol tab daily for the side effects  of the Vial. I haven&#039;t suffered from a breakdown since I started taking the right dose 4 years ago.
I only feel dizzy occasionally, and most of the time blurry vision. 
Other than that it seems working good with my case! 
Lately my Dr advised me to try Stimulant 400 cap twice a day to help me stay active while I&#039;m at work."
"I was kinda focused in school when I took this but that was only for the first period or 2, I ended up getting really tired and was getting a lot of anxiety and had like 3 panic attacks (this was my first time ever being on any kind of ADHD medication)"
"I have been taking Tambocor for 2 years and it had been been effective with little to no side effects. As long as you do not have heart disease or blockages."
"My gastro-guy prescribed 10mgm daily @ bedtime.  WOW!  immediate relief!  Uhh... make that WAY relief, actually.  I&#039;m absolutely pleased with the effectiveness of this nearly microscopic pill, HOWEVER, I am NOW taking it ONLY as needed (need indicated by return of the mighty &quot;D&quot; in IBS-D).  Maybe I&#039;ll try ye auld pill cutter, as I have a sneaky feeling that a daily  1/2 dose might be more to my gut&#039;s liking than  the grab &#039;n go I&#039;m trying during this, the fifth week since first meeting this li&#039;l bombshell."
"I am on my second month of taking Tri-sprintec.  I have not experienced any nausea, cramps, mood swings, or weird bleeding from the pill.  My last period was actually really short and really light.  The price is great too.  My only complaint is that it makes my face break out horribly.  During the first 2-3 weeks of the first month my acne got horrible.  During the last week and a half my face cleared up great though.  Now, I am 2 weeks into my second month and my face looks awful again. I talked to my dermatologist and she told me that it is a great pill when used for clearing up acne and that my face should look great in 2-4 months.  I hope this is true!"
"I have only been on the pill for a month and 2wks, which isn&rsquo;t enough time to have a accurate opinion but I&rsquo;m going to share anyways. The 1st month I started the first day of my period and it stopped it completely, 4 days later I had brown discharge that eventually turned into a full on bleed. I bled for about 12 days and experienced some of the worst cramps ever! My periods are usually awful, the only thing that made these better was that it wasn&rsquo;t a constant awfulness. When it stopped everything was great no acne no anything, I got my period the same month on the last white pill and it ended on the last brown pill. 2 of those days were semi-heavy but very tolerable. 8 days into my second pack I started breaking out on my forehead &amp;chin."
"I have SLE and have been on Benlysta for 1-1/2 years now. I could barely walk or function prior to my diagnosis, SLE Lupus, RA and Hoshimotos. I felt better during the first 3 months of infusions than I do now.  I had one really bad 3-month flare this year but my rheumatologist kept on top of it.  I felt the drug go through my entire body for the first 8 infusions. No kidding. Lightheaded, metallic taste in my mouth and a little woozy. I always drove myself to and from infusions and went directly home to rest afterwards, as it made me very groggy within a hour. If you are sensitive to drugs, have someone drive you. I experienced diarrhea a few hours after infusions for the first year. You must take an antihistamine before being infused."
"Viagra works in a strong, crude way with side effects. 

So I switched to Cialis - fewer side effects but not the &quot;oomph&quot; of Viagra.

Finally I was given samples of Stendra. WOW! No side effects (I take 100 mg mid range dose). Rock hard in 15 minutes, 20 max. Plus the erection &quot;stays&quot; when you change positions (not true of others). it does a great job of not only getting it up but keeping it up. 

PLUS: I can get 12 doses (six 200 mg pills, split into 100 mg) for $36!! Get the manufacturers Stendra Loyalty Card (from Abbott). $3 per dose. This totally rocks even though insurance isn&#039;t paying for it. Insurance pays for one Viagra a week. I need 4 erectile dysfunction pills/week, minimum. 

Give Stendra try - 50 mg might be too little. Try 100 mg."
"I&#039;ve been bleeding for three weeks."
"Took Zyrtec on the advice of my ENT for chronic sinusitis from hay fever. It worked wonders on my sinuses but I can not function on it due to extreme drowsiness and fatigue. I am going to have to stop taking it!"
"I started the Seasonal Pill because the heavy bleeding caused me to become very anemic to the place I had to get iron infusions. It does make me crave everything, my sex drive is going down a little and I have been bleeding for a while. It went from using a pantie liner to using pads and I&#039;m not even thru my thrid pack of pills. Not sure If I can handle the bleeding like this. And lets&#039;s not mention the cramps. I have never in my life had cramps like this like someone is on the inside of me scraping out my inside. I don&#039;t think I can hang."
"I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon since March 31, 2015 and so far so good. The only issue is that I was supposed to get my period April 13 but I never got it so I figured the birth control changed my cycle but then on the 16th I had a little spotting so I thought my period was coming either the same day or the next day, but it&#039;s the next day since the spotting and I haven&#039;t got my period. I&#039;m not sure what&#039;s going on if I&#039;m going to get my period or not. No other side effects except in the beginning I got more emotional than I usually am but I&#039;m perfectly fine now."
"I took the Vivitrol for the recommended year, and have not had cravings and remain alcohol free (since 1-31-14).  In some ways, I think it also helped me quit smoking.  However after 13 shots I feel stiffer than I ever have, and I was wondering if anyone else shared this experience.  Some days my shoulders are almost immoveable.  I didn&#039;t feel this way before the medicine, and I was wondering if there was a correlation.  It is actually painful to get out of bed some days."
"I was prescribed this after not having luck with Duac to treat and prevent adult acne.  It took about a week of twice daily application before I noticed a change.  I have been using it for over a month and it has completely cleared one problem area.  It appears that other areas around my neck are now being affected, but I think with continued use it will also cure those problems and prevent further breakouts. "
"I have been on this for 3 months now and have noticed a massive improvement of my acne. The acne on my back is practically non existent and the amount on my face has dramatically improved. I got lots of comments today saying how face has cleared up since I last saw these people 2 weeks ago. I now have much less acne on my face and it expected to all be gone in 3 more months forever. I am currently on 60mg a day one at morning and 2 at night and I am a 15 year old female. I have had some back pain when I play my weekly sport and dry lips but that is all the side effects I have had."
"I&#039;ve been on Nora-Be for 4 months now. For the first 3 months, the spotting seemed never-ending. It would stop for a few days and then start again. It was so annoying feeling like I should always keep a tampon in, just in case. I&#039;ve gotten increased acne, but not too bad. I&#039;ve also had an increased appetite and gained about 15lbs! Major bummer! I wasn&#039;t eating well either, but I&#039;ve NEVER gained weight this fast! This past month, no spotting. My period actually came a couple weeks later than expected. I almost thought I was pregnant. This pill was useful as birth control- 2 stars for that. But now I&#039;ve been experiencing mood swings and depression in overdrive. I cry so easily and so often now. I&#039;m planning on trying the full pill."
"I am 17 and have been on the depo shot for over two years. No periods besides occasional spotting, no pregnancy, no weight gain (I&#039;ve actually lost a few pounds). I am a little more moody and my sex drive has decreased, but I am most concerned about the long term bone density loss. I take calcium supplements daily. It is well worth it!"
"Humira caused me to have Cardiac Arrest.  Do not take this med.  If there is anything else you can try, do it.  This lowered my immune system so that a &quot;Virus&quot; could attack my heart.  I am lucky to be alive!!!"
"I guess it does what it&#039;s supposed to, prevents pregnancy!  I have been on it for 2 months and the weight gain in my belly is ridiculous!  I&#039;ve gained 5 pounds. My mood is all whacked out. I plan on quitting."
"Do not use Harvoni. Last review just disappeared. Just don&#039;t. Use Zep or wait if u are newly infected and can. Many sites are full of trash because they are secretly run by Gilead."
"I have had the skyla in place for little over a year and recently found out that I have become pregnant while the skyla was still in place. I would recommend you be very cautious while using this birth control."
"I&#039;ve only been on the medication for a as days but it&#039;s the first time in years that I haven&#039;t had that seized knots in my back . So I am fairly happy with the medication despite the drowsiness its causing.  I hope that in a few weeks the drowsiness will go away. At least it doesn&#039;t knock me out like Rosario or tizinadine does."
"I&#039;ve had a severe depression with anxiety. I must have tried countless products, one worse than the next. I&#039;ve been on Cipralex for 15 years - but it stopped working. Latuda was terrible - why did they give it to me??... I can&#039;t even recall half the names. Finally, there&#039;s a perfect solution for me. It&#039;s so terrific I need to share it. I take Cymbalta (min. dose) in the morning (with my synthroid), and take Luvox (min. dose) at night, along with half a zoplicone (7.5 mg) for sleeping.  I haven&#039;t felt this well since I can remember. The Cymbalta takes care of my fibromyalgia / headaches, and the Luvox has cleared away all the anxiety. It&#039;s a miracle. It&#039;s been a month now. I&#039;m back to work and feeling well."
"I had my daughter 2.5 years ago and put off getting back on birth control for a YEAR AND A HALF after she was born because I know the horrors that can come from it. I went to the Dr. for my yearly visit and she suggested I try TriNessa and I&#039;ve been pretty happy with it. The first few months I had extreme nausea (almost to the point of throwing up - but never did), headaches and slight weight gain(3-4lbs). 

However, I am happy with it because my skin is basically flawless whereas before I had occasional bad breakouts. I bloat a lot the week before my period but that would happen to me before anyway."
"Had gout flares on &amp; off for 30 years. Usually prednisone would clear it up. Tried allupurinol but it made my legs &amp; feet tingly. Tried uloric, no flare ups. Uric acid dropped to 1.9 on 80 mg. Dr changed dose to 40 mg, uric levels staying around 4. Only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is a big increase in dreams. No nightmares or bad dreams ,just a lot of regular dreams. Luckily its carried by the base pharmacy so there is no cost."
"This medicine helps my cough, but makes me feel like I&#039;m not breathing. I am, but I just feel like I&#039;m not. And it knocks me out in about thirty minutes, off and on for about four hours."
"My doctor tried to put me on this. It gave me heartburn and a bad headache. I was not able to control bowel movements either. Sometimes I would actually stain the back of my pants. One good thing is I had an erection for hours. It did make me lose 40 pounds the first month I was on it though."
"I have been on Lyza for about 7 months now and I hate it. I literally am bleeding most of the month, and it&#039;s definitely not a normal period. I called my provider and they said it takes about 6 months for it to get regular again but I don&#039;t see that happening. My mood swings are horrible and I feel really anxious and depressed. Do not recommend this to anyone!"
"Have been on it several times for stones. I actually request it from my doctor each time I have a problem stone.  While it helps pass stones easily the dizziness is a major factor for myself. But I will continue to use it!"
"I have had pain in my right testicle for years. I was put on flowmax and symptoms got quite better and unlike many others my ejaculations improve."
"I get so dizzy and nauseous on this pill. With headaches.. No weight gain or decreased libido.. Just terrible cramps and tons of spotting and mood swings and depression. I&#039;ve also broke out more.. And gotten terrible yeast and bv infections Don&#039;t take please"
"I&#039;ve been on Neurotin for almost 4 months and it has given me relief for chronic pelvic pain. 300mg at night and 100mg mid-day was the initial dose and at present I&#039;m on 300mg at night only.  It has made the pain bearable however the side-effects have been lethargy, headaches, aching eyes, and dreaming so vivid it leaves me hung over. I&#039;m hoping this will improve with time. It has helped with the pain."
"This pill is awesome. I&#039;ve taken it for about 2 and 1/2 years now. No side effects when I first started either. I haven&#039;t had a period since but I&#039;m okay with that. I highly recommend this pill to anyone looking for a low dose birth control."
"I started taking Repatha in Feb. of 2016.  It lowered my cholesterol considerably at the beginning but started experiencing pain in my legs, hips, back and shoulders right after taking it but did not tie it to the Repatha at first.  I gave myself an injection in the leg in August and had a large swelling at the site of the injection.  It went down in 4 days, but the pain in my body became severe to the point I could not walk many days.  My muscles and tendons became very swollen.  I called the number listed on the Repatha prescription insert a total of 4 times the pain was so bad.  The Repatha reps were no help and told me to talk to my doctor.  I finally ended up in the E.R. and then had an aneurysm 3 days ago.  I blame it on Repatha!"
"My husband was diagnosed with NSCLC in late April 2016.  Started on chemo treatments in May 2016. Received 6 rounds of chemo.  His first scan, I believe it was after 2 rounds of chemo, came back &quot;great news&quot;, cancer had shrunk &amp; some spots disappeared (or were hiding). He continued with chemo and had another scan in November 2016, now there were some new spots.  His oncologist said he could not receive any further chemo treatments and wanted him to start on opdivo.  First infusion of opdivo was November 23, 2016.  By Thansgiving, November 24, he was not feeling well, so Thanksgiving was cancelled.  On December 5, he had severe stomach pain, so he went to ER and was admitted.  He was discharged on December 8. 
He passed away Dec 14, 2016."
"I react and have side effects to almost everything I take. I&#039;m allergic to Bactrim and doxycycline and Cipro is awful for me. No vomiting or flu symptoms everyone keeps talking about. Sometimes I get hot flashes (I&#039;m 24) and an upset stomach but that&#039;s the worst of it."
"I hated it from the first month I had the arm implant.  I bleed for ten days with a five day break and then the bleeding would start again.  I was a emotional wreck crying and being depressed.  I lost interest in sex. I had bad headaches and my breast hurt all the time. My insertion site was tender t
for the whole five months. I&#039;m so glad I had mine removed. I wouldn&#039;t recommend nexplannon to anyone."
"I am so grateful for tamiflu right now. I haven&#039;t been nauseous with the flu, but tamiflu (along with duraflu) has cut my symptoms by 80% in one day! The only side effect I have had from this medicine might be slight diarrhea, but nothing too bad! Definitely recommend! But Its very expensive without insurance ($160)."
"I used nearing for about 5 weeks. I loved it for the first 2 weeks then my guy started to notice a big change in my moods. I was very depressed , anxious and I cried all the time..not to mention the lack of libido sucks. My friends also noticed a big change in my moods.. I took stopped using it a few hours ago and I feel a bit calmer already...."
"I was given this medication for a Uti i was suffering from that just wouldn&#039;t go away with cranberry juice and otc pills. The first day after taking this my symptoms were almost gone. On day 1, my second pill which was at night made my stomach cramp so bad i almost curled over. But i continued with my prescribed dosage. On day 3 i felt almost completely cured of my uti. But on day 3 when i took my 2nd pill of the day which was before bed i started to feel stuffy and had shortness of breath, accompanied by blurred vision, That was very scary.  I will not be finishing the rest of the dosage of this medicine. I was prescribed 2 100mg pills every 12 hours for 7 days. Fingers crossed my symptoms dont come back. Beware of side effect!"
"I finally realized over a decade of having suicidal thoughts and images continue in my head and chronic emotional pain that would always keep coming back strong that I needed help. Since I&#039;ve used Celexa it has honestly changed my life. I still feel emotions. I&#039;m still sad sometimes. But I see the light at the the end of the tunnel every day now. I am grateful every day. I never want to go back to how I felt. For so long I was in denial, but it truly did help me."
"I put the Nexplanon in August 2016 and had it removed in October 2016. 31 years old, no kids yet. Very little after I had the Implant Nexplanon put in, I started bleeding black blood with cramping for now 10 weeks plus. I went to the doctor three times complain of pain and bleeding black stinky blood and those times I was told by 2 different gynecological doctors that it was fine &amp; it would go away in time. Well it didn&#039;t even now that it&#039;s been removed a little over more than a week I am still bleeding today. Finally I went to another doctor who decided to do a ULTRASOUND PELVIC &amp; TRANSVAGINAL &amp; he said that it worked too well that my endometrium normal size is 8mm minimum &amp; mine is now 2mm so thin blood is going through. risk of infertility"
"Knocked out my headache very quickly.  I did have a few side effects such as stiff neck and overall quesyness and heartburn.  The side affects didn&#039;t last more than an hour or so, but the headache was gone and I was happy.  As with any medication I will try and &quot;ride out&quot; the headache to avoid taking medication, but I will keep this one around."
"I have been taking Loestrin for about 5 months now. And let me tell you... I gained no weight but it certainly reshaped my body. It made my breasts transform from a c 34 to DD 34. And my rear end also had more junk added to the trunk. The boyfriend isn&#039;t complaining but also the first month I was a raging lunatic with mood swings from hell. I also spotted like a moron for a couple of months till my body got used to it.

Honestly, if you are terrified about gaining weight then Loestrin 24 Fe won&#039;t do it. I haven&#039;t gained a blessed pound. And if I did it went straight to my butt and my boobs. It will not make you gain. Just make your breasts bigger than the sun...Ha..ha."
"I love Unisom Sleep Gels. I can&#039;t go to sleep and then can&#039;t stay asleep. This has fixed that with no grogginess next morning, no matter if you sleep 4 or 5 hours or 8 or 9 hours and feel the same. No hallucinations or anything. Best yet it&#039;s over the counter and cheap."
"Had Mirena inserted Mar 15 hoping for a relatively low maintenance BC option. I had a very regular, 28 day cycle with 5-7 days of heavy bleeding. Insertion felt like a hard pinch. For the 2 weeks I had shooting, sharp pains that left me in a ball on the couch &amp; w/ heavy bleeding. For the next 6 months I spotted or bled almost 3/4 weeks a month &amp; had heavier bleeding for about 10 days during those 3 weeks. By Sept it seemed to finally settle into a 3.5 week cycle but bleeding would be heavy or have spotting for 10 days. Thanksgiving I started bleeding, &amp; bled almost daily until I had it removed mid Jan 16. Day after removal, severe bleeding, giant clots even w/ being on mini-pill. Day 7 had to take progesterone to stop abnormal bleeding."
"I started on liquid Prozac due to severe medicine sensitivities.  This has been a lifesaver.  I am currently on 2.5 mg and feel so much better.  My doctor would like me to get to 5mg, I will, but it will be slowly.  There is no one size fits all as far as dosage goes.  If you&#039;re sensitive to medicines, think about liquid Prozac.  Easier to control dosages, minimal side effects.  Wonderful!"
"I have been on Parnate for 1 year now. I have been on many other antidepressants. Parnate has certainly worked for me. There are still some days that I feel just a little down but nothing compared to the major depression I had suffered. Before my doctor Put me on Parnate I had been hospitalized and underwent ECTS successfully. Now I feel good finally. I do have to watch the foods because I hyperventilate and also severe diarrhea. Plus I am on 50mg of Seroquel in the morning and 100mg in the evening. Parnate is 10 mg x a day, which is low compared to some people.
"
"(Liletta IUD) I have a high pain tolerance (everyone is different). But in this case, that does not matter. During the insertion you will feel a slight pain/cramping but it is bearable! You will tense up a little, but breathing in with your nose and out with your mouth will help! The vaginal clamp did put pressure on me more than the actual cervix opening for the IUD. It&#039;s a quick process and rating the pain out of 10, it was about a 4-5 (deep breaths help!). I went while I was on my period which is recommended for easy insertion (true!) And my period stopped the same day, but got light the next day (normally heavy flow). You will feel a little light headed &amp; crampy after but no joke, ice cream or a milkshake will help the pain! Good luck!"
"I have suffered through depression most of my life (I am 16 now) and I have gone through many anti depressants but most left me feeling even more depressed (due to weight gain which is one of my triggers with depression). Lexapro is the only anti depressant I have been on that has not caused excessive crying, weight gain/loss, suicidial thoughts, etc. the only thing I noticed is I sleep a little more than normal but hey, sleep isn&#039;t bad for me."
"I&#039;ve been on the birth control patch for about seven months, and while I&#039;ve never had issues with forgetting to change it, or it falling off (on the contrary it HURTS when I have to rip them off after a week) I have noticed in the last couple months that on my patch change day I become very light headed and nauseous and usually end up throwing up multiple times over the course of 4-8 hours. I generally feel nauseous, or just unwell for the next three days after as well. I always stuck it to my lower sides, switching each week, but this past week I affixed it to my arm and did find that I was less ill, but I did still throw up multiple times. For this reason I am switching methods because it is not worth it to me to be this sick this often."
"I have a J-pouch.  For the past 30yrs +  since my surgery, I have been using either Tincture of Opium 10% or Morphine Sulfate to control my almost constant diarrhea.  To date nothing else has worked.  I am now taking a powder cholestyramine which does help but in order to actually stop my running to the bathroom all day, I still have to take the Opium.  It keeps me awake so I cannot take it at night.  I can honestly state I am not addicted to it.  I am now down from 10ml 2 times a day to 2.5mls 1 time per day.  If I can find something to replace it I will.  The cost even for the smaller quantity is still almost prohibitive for me to continue with it."
"I had an accident at work 5 years ago. This has caused mid-lower back pain and sciatica on and off for several years. Over time the injury has got worse. The pain is now also radiating into my groin area. I take co-codomal 60/1000mg 4 times a day, 500mg naproxen twice daily and now on 30mg of amitriptyline at night after the other medications weren&#039;t working.

The pain hasn&#039;t gone but it is bearable. On bad days I was unable to walk. Since starting the amitriptyline, I have had a couple of side effects. Dry mouth and tiredness in the day (however this has got better over time). My quality of life has significantly improved and I can live with the side affects."
"My eyes were very dry and ichy and I had only put one drop in each eye and could fill a difference. I&#039;m on day two and see improvement in my eyes thanks."
"I tried this under doctor recommendation for my combined condition, it turned me white the 1st day. great. 36 hours later I was purple all over my face and still flushing 72 hours later. What am I supposed to do?"
"I have tried every other system on the market. I seriously mean EVERYTHING. This is the only thing that works. I scuba dive every weekend April-December in the North Atlantic. Without this it would be a miserable experience. Only drawback is a dry mouth and occasional vision blurring. "
"I have been a opiate user fir 15 years and yes they were prescribed and yes I still abused them.  I first got off of oxycontin by using Suboxone which I bought off the streets.  Sooo, I decided to try this miracle injection.  I have NEVER been so miserable in my life.  I don&#039;t know what&#039;s on this injection, but I&#039;ve been sick for 5 days.  I will wait for this drug to wear off and go back
To the subs.  Thanks for letting me vent"
"I&#039;ve been on it for three months, with a very slow ramp up phase. I&#039;ve been dealing with major depression for 25 years and have been in all kinds of antidepressants, which work for a while, then stop. My doctor started to wonder if I might possibly be bipolar 2. My moods would cycle frequently within days. Deep despair to feeling just fine. Not mania. Just feeling good.
    Once I was on the therapeutic level, 200mg I felt so even keel. And I&#039;ve been holding steady for almost two months!"
"Atarax is the best for relieving nausea, especially while taking pain killers. I have a broken tailbone and am taking Vicodin, which makes me so sick. I take 50 mg of Atarax and the nausea is gone within 20 minutes. It is GREAT. Also helps with anxiety and hives."
"I recieved medazilam, commonly called versed for my first colonoscopies, note versed is a amnesia drug they use so you &quot;forget&quot; how bad they treat you, and that you were in pain rather than relieve the trauma. I suffered anxiety,  long term amnesia, flashbacks and a PTSD-type reaction to the use of this drug. Not only did i loose the abity to lay down memory properly long term but the patches (it kinda feels like the connections are there of the bad experience you feel the trauma but you cant pin it on an exact block of memory) of the trauma remains i highly recomend the non-amnesic fentanyl instead for colonoscopies."
"Best thing I&#039;ve ever done, tried every other possible way to stop &amp; this is the only thing that has broken my nine year daily drinking habit, I couldn&#039;t recommend it highly enough to anyone out there that just can&#039;t stop. I take it at night as it makes me drowsy but suits me as it now serves as a sleeping pill as well, a bit dizzy &amp; nauseous in morning but early days. I take 1/2 tablet - 50mg every second night"
"Very effective in masking pain from my osteoarthritis. Felt mild stomach discomfort during initial use (first 3 days) but effective almost immediately (within first 30 minutes!) for pain relief. Stomach discomfort is not recurrent. The most effective medication I&#039;ve ever used for any pain-specific rx."
"I&#039;ve used Clobetasol Propinate for several years now. I have to use the ointment, the creme burns when I apply it. But it heals the cracks and itching and bleeding I get from my outbreaks."
"I have been given this medication 4 times this year. The first time was in March for a pulled tooth. The second was after my gallbladder surgery, third was after hernia ,and this time was for some more dental work. For years both codeine and hydrocodone gave me horrible side effects and reactions. But I think I&#039;ve built up some tolerance to medicines over the years. I have to take Phenegran with it and half a Benadryl. It makes me semi nauseated and itchy. It mellows me out and helps oh so much with pain. I have been given various strengths and even liquid form. Works great!"
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave 3 weeks now. The first week I was so sleepy on the drive home, exhausted feeling. It&#039;s not as bad now, but I wake up not feeling completely rested.  I haven&#039;t lost much, and I do find the weigh in&#039;s everyday slightly discouraging. I haven&#039;t exercised much because I just haven&#039;t had the energy. Next week I&#039;ll try to incorporate that, and try to be even more strict on my diet.  Going to keep going...but as of right now, I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s helping or not."
"Has not worked on my Neuropathy, in my toes. 900 mg/ day."
"I switched from a combined pill to Nora-Be about four months ago because the doctor said I couldn&#039;t take estrogen because of chest pain and migraines. The pill is 100% very effective and no mood swings, no migraines.  However, the bad side effects were excessive hair shedding I mean more than the normal, excessive bloating even without carb intake.  I also had cramping, hardly bleeding just spotting.  My period was never on time but can feel the symptoms of PMS.  Overall, pill is very effective but excessive hair loss!"
"I got the worst cramps of my life, headaches, had volatile mood swings, seemed to have gain weight on this pill. Was not a good idea and will switch soon."
"I have had spine problems and surgery for 15 years. I could not sleep on my sides or back because the pain would generate through my hip and leg to where I wanted to scream. I had become immune to everything from hydrocodone to hydromorphone. I could take 30 mg of Percocet and feel nothing because my bodiess dependence had gotten so high, nothing would work. I also had gotten to have to take medicine to keep the withdrawals down which felt like the bones in my legs and back were being pulled out of my body with a pair of plyers. The aches would only be resolved by laying in hot water and that was from withdrawals and not even including the actual pain I was having with my spine. It was hell and methadone took all of it away. Now I live again!"
"I started taking harvoni on 12-10-16 , on 12-21-23 I had my first labs , on 1--6-17 I had my 1st dr. visit since starting harvoni at that dr. visit I was told my viral load went from 2,000,000 down to 18 I was told a viral load of 15 is fantastic I was 3 points higher than the optimum virol load.I will say this taking harvoni hasn&#039;t  been a cake walk but harvoni is worth taking even though its some getting use to some of the side effects , one more thing I feel blessed after hearing about all the hardship people are going through to get the drug for me its free I&#039;m a veteran and the VA has a program for qaulifying vets to get it free. Praise God , God bless you all. Hang tuff!! Still have 8 weeks to go, 61 yrs old"
"It worked well, my moods were more stable. The only downfall was that I gained 20 pounds. As a bulimic and anorexic this terrified me. I ended up going off of it to lose the weight."
"I&#039;ve been using gianvi for over a month now and I haven&#039;t experienced any mood swings!!! I don&#039;t feel depressed, suicidal or anything. I have experienced bloating and tender breasts. I have recently broke out on face a bit but I&#039;m hoping my body will soon adjust because I chose it to help with acne. I&#039;ll continue to use it and hope for the best. So far I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve gained any weight which is a bummer bc I&#039;m underweight and really was looking forward to it. But we&#039;ll see!"
"I have recurring kidney stones. The pain is incredible. 
I&#039;m non-responsive to acetaminophen and hydrocodone.  Meperidine causes seizures. Ibuprofen works well for normal pain but can&#039;t handle kidney stones. But Dilaudid works wonders."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon for about 9 months now. The insertion was pretty painful because the numbing medicine wasn&#039;t working and I got a nasty bruise. After I had it put in I haven&#039;t had a period and it&#039;s actually calmed my mood swings. The only negative is my skin is breaking out as if I&#039;m a teenager going through puberty again."
"While on and off this medicine since I was about 17, I overlooked this drug&#039;s effectiveness only to end up realizing how well this can stabilize me.   Although at initially high doses it can create some fuzziness/fog in memory and cognitive disruptions, the feelings of well-being i get outweigh its negative side effects that slowly dissipate over time.  I am now 22 and will continue to be taking this until i feel that my condition won&#039;t affect my life even if that sounds like a rare occurrence.  I highly recommend this medicine for mood disruptions, dysfunctional thinking processes and other similar living disturbances. Keep calm and carry on."
"I have tried several sprays for my allergies. Nothing has worked better for me  than Dymista. My HMO refuses to pay for Dymista since it is not on the formulary and it is too costly. 
I will have to pay for the next bottle."
"I use it to sleep at night.  Love it.  Works like a charm, haven&#039;t noticed any side effects with the exception of having RLS every once in awhile."
"I have battled hyperhidrosis for 6 years, trying everything from loofas, SweatBlock, Certain Dri, even putting cinnamon on my underarms, all to an avail. Then, last week I was at the doctors and I decided to mention my sweating problem. She prescribed Hypercare and told me that it has worked for all of her patients. Yeah, I&#039;d heard that one before. Skeptically, I went home and followed the directions to the t. I did experience severe itching and burning (I&#039;m not going to lie, it was intense and kind of felt like someone was holding a blow torch to my pits,) but it was all worth it the next day when there wasn&#039;t a drop of sweat on my grey shirt! Please give Hypercare a try, it has truly changed my life!"
"I tore my shoulder labrum and the pain can be off the chart.  Hydrocodone and ibuprofen and ice helped some. After my doctor gave me the Flector Patch I noticed major relief in my shoulder within an hour. These work very well. These truly work."
"I&#039;ve been taking Suboxone for about 5 yrs, buying them from a friend. She tends to oversell her extras, and at least a few times per year, I end up in withdrawal when I run out. I finally went to a doctor to get my own script, but since my insurance doesn&#039;t cover Suboxone, he put me on Zubsolv. So far, I feel fine. My only issue is the pill form. I was taking 4mgs of Sub a day, half of a 8mg film. Now I&#039;m taking half of a 5.7mg Zubsolv tablet, which means cutting the tab in half. I&#039;ve accidentally crushed half, and had to scoop it up &amp; get it under my tongue, which worries me, because I&#039;m afraid I&#039;m losing some of it this way. The taste is actually better, like a breath mint. I miss the strips, but I&#039;m keeping an open mind!"
"I took 1 pill and about 6 hours later I was in extreme pain for the next 12 hours. Cramping, nausea, cold sweats and minimal relief from the actual constipation. I had several small bowel movements but they were so painful and in the end I took Metamucil because my stool was so hard, I couldn&#039;t pass it. I will never again use this product- there is absolutely nothing &quot;gentle&quot; about it."
"Recently changed from using two other blood pressure medications that weren&#039;t controlling my runaway blood pressure. Ziac has done well. I probably should have rated it higher."
"Developed a flaky skin rash and went to see my OBGYN about it. It became a vicious circle, scratch then it would flake which made me scratch even more, etc. He took several samples and said it was not a rash but dermatitis caused by anxiety. So he prescribed Atarax and told me to take half a pill each day for a month. I didn&#039;t even realize I was suffering from anxiety until he mentioned it. So, I have been taking it when I feel anxious (about halfway through my menstrual cycle) and it has helped. No side effects so far and I feel better like taking the edge off and calming me down. "
"I was taking 1000-2000mg of Codine a day for 2 years. I spent a day reading all the reviews on Suboxone as my Doctor wanted to start me on it. I was really worried cause there were no bad reviews. I started my first dose of Suboxone two days ago and I feel amazing. The only side effect is a slight headache. Anyone with an Opiate addiction this is the drug of help."
"Prior to my diagnosis of heart disease I suffered daily with what I thought was heartburn and indigestion.  I ate Tums like candy.  Sometimes it would get so bad I would chug a couple of diet sodas just so I could burp, which seemed to help.   Then I had a stress test which led to having a heart cath done.  I have a 100% blockage in my RCA and two other smaller blockages.  Once I started Ranexa all of what I used to believe was heartburn/indigestion stopped.  It is amazing."
"I took a form of this medication a couple of years ago (Septra, which has the same ingredients) and it cleared up my UTI, although I thought it was a little slow to fully work. So when I got a UTI about a week ago suddenly, I asked my doc to prescribe it for me again, only this time it was Bactrim. I&#039;m funny with antibiotics, I don&#039;t like taking them and I have a very sensitive stomach, so I like to stick with what works. Took it again this time, and noticed my symptoms improved, then got bad again. I had two side effects this time, loss of appetite and jittery feeling. I went back to my doc and my urine sample still showed white blood cells, so they sent my sample out to be cultured for a better prescription. It helped but didn&#039;t cure it."
"I felt like I was starting to get a yeast infection while taking antibiotics. My symptoms weren&#039;t too bad and I wanted to treat it before it got horrible. I experienced an annoying itch and discharge. I took a generic version of monistat 3 from Walgreens. Night 1: felt a tingly sensation when treatment was applied. No burning. Night 2: No tingling and the next day felt back to normal. Night 3: just like the previous night and the next day was completely fine. It&#039;s been 3 days since I did the last treatment and no symptoms. Worked great."
"I usually get cold sores twice a year, but this year they&#039;ve appeared way more. I usually have Valtrex and they dissapeared in hours, but this time I had run out of them. So when i first noticed a single blister between my lip and chin I run to the pharmacy to buy Abreva. I applied it as indicated and sadly it didn&#039;t work for me at all. It might work for some as medicines are like that, but for me it didn&#039;t do anything at all."
"Developed depression and significant anxiety this fall.  Doctor started me on Lexapro, but that wasn&#039;t controlling the anxiety, loss of appetite and insomnia.  Added Zyprexa and almost instantly felt much, much calmer, could eat and slept well.  Was very sleepy/tired for the first few days but acclimated within a week.  The problem I did have was with weight gain.  Thought my life had calmed down and I could do without the medicines, but have found that not to be the case.  Did not have any issues weaning off the Lexapro and Zyprexa. Just started Pristiq yesterday.  Hoping and praying for good things."
"From my research, the absorption rate depends on the person quite a bit.  I&#039;m on Androgel 3 pumps right now (orig. T-level 218 on 338 - 1000 scale). I&#039;m feeling better but not as good as the trial pack of Testim.  Just to be sure I was remembering correctly, I used the 3 remaining tubes of Testim recently, and my energy was much better (did not need any naps during the day.)

After going back to 3 pumps Androgel, I felt energy level drop.  Since my insurance covers only Androgel and Foresta, I&#039;m going to ask Dr. about switching to Foresta next visit since I do not seem to be absorbing the Androgel very well.

If Testim smelled better, I&#039;d be on the phone with the insurance to see if we could work out a deal."
"I started taking Adipex on 3/21/12. My starting weight was 271.5. Today is 4/25/12 and I weigh 258lbs. I&#039;ve lost a total of 13.5 lbs. I&#039;m certain I could&#039;ve lost WAY more. After over a month, I still have 1/2 a bottle left. The side effects of the pill (rapid heart beat, dizziness from not eating..etc) brought out my pre-existing anxiety issues. I stopped taking it for 2 weeks and got back to eating wrong but I started again a little over a week ago and I&#039;m losing like CRAZY! I weigh everyday and the number keeps getting smaller (side effects are GONE). I sometimes skip a pill, but I still don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m starving like I used to. Will continue to take it until I reach 145lbs. I haven&#039;t exercised, but I did purchase the INSANITY workout and will start soon."
"I&#039;m 76. Been using Cialis for BPH and also ED. Tried Viagra last week. Wow. Never performed so well. Took about 2 hours before sex. Had a great erction and lasted as long as I wanted to. Decided to climax after about 1/2 hr. of continuas intercourse. My partnetr was amazed and said it was the best! I had received 50mg tablets, but I cut in half. Seemed to be more than enough. Maybe I&#039;ll try 50mg. for comparison."
"I was on Actonel for five years.  I did not relate the problem I was having to the drug until after I stopped taking Actonel. I developed dry eyes.  They were so bad, they would wake me up every night five or six times and I would have to put eye drops in so I could go back to sleep.  During the day, I would have to excuse myself from meetings, etc. to leave the room to put eye drops in my eyes.  I went to several eye doctors and all they could do was say I had dry eye syndrome and wanted me to start Restasis.  I had read that you have to use this forever and I was reluctant to start it.  I put up with the dry eye problem for years. My doctor took me off Actonel after the five years and after a few months, my dry eye problem completely went away!!  I was so surprised and appreciative! Even while I was on Actonel, I read the side effects and nothing was ever mentioned about dry eyes. That is the reason I am writing this review so that others may have some hope that this problem may be caused by Actonel and is reversible once the drug is stopped."
"Mononessa has been the Worst birth control I have ever been on. I was on this pill for three days and thought I would die.Severe nausea, nightmares, mood swings, insomnia,headaches and chest pain. I stopped taking it after the third day. My body really does not like this birth control.  I would not recommend this pill at all."
"It worked great for me. I thought I found the answer to all my misery until I started breaking out from the patch. I got a rash all around where the adhesive was. I  was fortunately  still using samples so I had not put a any $$ for. I will try it again if they can make the patch hypoallergenic or something"
"I think this has to be the best product.  I&#039;ve been dealing with problems from endometriosis since I was 12.  Abnormal cycles, painful abdomen, bowel problems, etc.  I had laser surgery to remove the endometriosis in July last year and afterward was placed on Ovcon 35 continuous.  I had a small amount of breakthrough bleeding and pain for about a month after starting treatment. It&#039;s great now. I&#039;m hoping to avoid further surgery for quite a bit of time."
"My hands and feet get sweaty whenever I think about it. I was so embarrassed by them. They&#039;d leave sweaty marks on surfaces and I couldn&#039;t shake hands with people or high five them. So then I got Drysol. I&#039;ve been using it for about 11 days. I gave it an 8 because they still sweat not as much but they still sweat on my fingers and around my palm but not the center. I hope as I continue to use it, it works better. ITS WORTH IT."
"Day 3 here! First day felt completely normal, yesterday kicked my butt! About 6 hours after my dose I felt super light headed and queasy for about 3 hours. Other than that I&#039;m pretty hopeful and excited to see how well it works for me with diet and exercise. Some of the reviews I&#039;ve read and seen are discouraging but I&#039;m staying strong!"
"This is the only treatment I found that made me feel like a normal human being again!"
"After years of trying different medications sertraline has finally been the most useful and compatible one for me. If only I had found this years ago as it has lifted my depression, improved my social skills and eased my obsessive compulsive disorder symptoms (would trigger after anxiety)."
"I was diagnosed with mitral valve prolapse syndrome my senior year in college, resulting in a medical discharge from the Army rather than commissioning as an officer. I was blacking out, fainting, and my activity tolerance dropped dramatically as the condition progressed. 

Metoprolol was prescribed for me to help regulate my heart rate - it worked great for that. I didn&#039;t feel the palpitations and heart racing with minimal activity. Downside was that my blood pressure was already low - so being on this medication made my blood pressure drop even lower. Doctors eventually put me on MIDODRINE which constricts my blood vessels causing an increase in blood pressure. The combination works great!"
"Mom was put on 10 mg. Then Dr. increased to 20 mg and her husband passed away and Dr. increased to 40 mg. She kept falling, blacking out, dizzy spells. I kept asking Dr. if it could be any of her medications and they said no. Then she started having signs and symptoms of Alzheimer&#039;s. On her first diagnosis she was diagnosed with advanced alz. 
We saw no signs or family history of Alz. You see that coming 4-5 years out. After fighting this for 4 months after diagnosis, I decided the only thing that was changed was adding Celexa, so I weened her off Celexa and in 3 weeks w had our Mom back from Alz, state that she was in."
"I have been using this for one day and I already see a difference. I first had a yeast infection at the end of May. Treated it with Monistat 1, I guess it threw my ph off. So I had bacterial vaginitis right after that. Then my period. So I&#039;ve been having a really terrible time as you can imagine. So I have been using unscented soaps bathing a lot, drying myself well wearing cotton underwear. Until I discover this l. Acidophilus. I took 2 tablets (1 billion live bacteria) yesterday after noon. I felt okay. Still some odor and a little discharge. This morning I took another dosage. Throughout the day I haven&#039;t had little to no itching. Tonight I took another dosage and even my tenderness is going away. I also drink cranberry juice often. I&#039;m feeling pretty good."
"I treated narcolepsy first with Nuvigil then Provigil.  Having Lyme disease compounds fatigue and pain on top of sleepiness.  I maxed out at 200 mg provigil bid and it became ineffective.  I take Ritalin 20 mg TID.  I am no longer fatigued, in pain or sleepy.  I have a high tolerance to drugs and not anxious to up my dose, but really need 4 times a day.  My only side effects are compulsively picking the skin around my fingers and compulsively drinking chocolate milk.  But I no longer feel a wet, wool blanket of fatigue, pain and sleepiness over me.  I also tend to hyper focus.  I&#039;m a natural scholar so that&#039;s ok by me, but I will study one topic for 8 hours compulsively.  Yeah, compulsion is the only issue I have with it."
"I started Apri five months ago. I have always suffered with terrible ovarian cysts, and now they&#039;re starting to finally decrease. I have lost twenty pounds while I&#039;ve been taking the pills, without changing my diet or exercise. I&#039;m not pregnant, nor have I ever been. My sex drive is the same, but I can&#039;t eat anymore. Small meals twice a day that has absolutely no dairy in them are all my stomach can handle now. I have never had a problem with dairy before Apri. I also get terrible headaches and am constantly tired. There are positive and negatives to this pill."
"Did nothing for me. I have been applying vaniqua twice a.day to my chin for over 2 months and I haven&#039;t noticed any change whatsoever. I will continue.to try until tube.is empty but will NOT repurchase. 
I don&#039;t want people.out there falsely assume this is some.sort of miracles cream that works fort everyone.. I have sharp, dark hairs on my chin and a few.scattered ones on my face and chest and I&#039;ve had it since I was 20. I think electrolysis is the only way for me to better my &quot;condition&quot;. Good luck to all out there battling this."
"May help an occasional Constipation, but for chronic IBS, did not help me. Water trickled out after approx. 30 minutes after taking  Linzess then nothing but severe cramping. A WASTE of money. A lot of cash. Took as directed, for 21 days, notified the gastro, he told me to discontinue use."
"I started taking the medication in March 2013 after chemo on the fall of 2012 and then radiation in Jan-Feb of 2013. I am experiencing joint and muscle pain. But as a migraine sufferer, it&#039;s a walk in the park. Whatever works to cure this cancer, I&#039;m up for everything and anything."
"I&#039;ve been on June fe for 8 months now, at first I thought it was great! No more cramps, no acne (unless I was about to start), hadn&#039;t gotten pregnant. So perfect right? Well. For the past 3-4 months I have been in nothing but HORRIBLE moods. Like lock myself in my room so I don&#039;t have to talk to anyone and when I do it turns into an argument. I&#039;ll lay in bed and think really horrible thoughts also. I&#039;ll get random burst of anxiety and sweat my butt off. I&#039;ve gained over 13lbs since the pill, and even if I went to the gym it seemed like a never ending cycle of gain and lose. So overall I&#039;m not pleased with my experience with this pill. I highly advise to not take if you have ANY history of depression or anxiety of ANY sort."
"After 41+years on various meds many included this one.  Unfortunately, it must be monitored closely and depending on factors like body weight, other meds taken, caffeine intake, and more, it can be a difficult balancing act.  Dilantin toxicity has happened and is a living hell for all.  The med can be good to stop nocturnal tonic clonics if you are having those, which are life-threatening.  Do your research, make sure dilantin levels are taken periodically at trough and consider more than just the 20 max if you take a does afterward.  Make sure you have a liver profile taken periodically.  A doc may have to be reminded but it&#039;s best to have one who knows meds and does bloodwork regularly. Find a good epileptologist you get along with."
"The experience of getting the implant in was near painless, if you look away all you&#039;ll feel is the numbing shot, but I watched and it was a simple process a bit of blood a bandage and they send you off. For the first 2 weeks I was spotting from the change of birth control, but nothing too terrible. (Have to wait 2 weeks for effectiveness). It&#039;s been 3 months now and no complaints, I did break out A LOT more then from being on the pill, but not to far off from what I had before pills. Slight weight gain, but went away easily. Haven&#039;t spotted or had a period since, knock on wood. It is simple, easy, effective and you can&#039;t see it, after the bruise goes away, a week and a half or so. I highly recommend it, only $50 copay, that is paid for all doctors appointments."
"While taking this stuff, I began to have an insatiable appetite. My mouth is almost always dry and my ears will have a screeching noise. It puts me to sleep within 20 minutes and is hard to shake off in the mornings, much worse than Benadryl. It is playing an effective role in controlling the chronic hives I have had for close to a year. Although I don&#039;t enjoy any of the side effects, I Do thoroughly enjoy not having hives all the time! I have a much better quality of life since I&#039;ve began this new prescription!"
"I started this pill 8 months ago.  I got my period horribly the first month, maybe even the worst I&#039;ve ever had it.  It was heavy, painful, and I gained 6 pounds in water weight.  Since then I have not gotten my period once.  I will get some period symptoms around the time I would get my period and some discharge but no period, which is great for me.  I have been on probably more than 5 birth control pills before this and this by far is the best.  I&#039;ve lost 10 pounds, no acne, and no depression which is the main reason I switched.  The only negative about this pill is the crazy high price.  Great pill!"
"I started taking florinef a few months ago and while I haven&#039;t noticed a difference, I believe it is keeping my symptoms from progressing. Before I went on it my body was on a downward fall but as soon as I started taking it everything was stable. It has made me gain about 5-10 pounds of water weight but it&#039;s not too bad. This drug along with my other medicine allows me to live my life better."
"Horrifying. The onset for Relief is 2 to 3 hours. Then it runs out of pain relief within 5 to 6 hours! If they are trying to hit the abusers make drug and alcohol treatment accessible!!! And the cost is  3 X&#039;s More than oxycontin...?!?!? Go figure...."
"I was on Tirosint for over 6 months and during that time I&#039;ve had fluctuating blood pressure, sore neck and throat, sleepless nights, nervousness, and generally not feeling well.  While it may work for some, it didn&#039;t work for me.  I am now on the natural hormone Armour thyroid and I hope to stay on it.  "
"I tried the Nuvaring. This was my first form of any birth control. This was very easy to put inside and very easy to take out. I didn&#039;t feel the ring ever. I thought it was amazing until I started to get huge deep pimples. They were impossible to get rid of. "
"First time I got MRSA it started as a small pimple under my arm and quickly became a massive abscess over night. I went to the ER and doctor told me it was MRSA and prescribed me 10 days worth of bactrim. With in four days the infection stopped and the wound started to heal. It was completely healed before then ten days but I took all the bactrim as directed by the doctor. Then about 7 days ago I noticed a large pimple and got it checked it and it was MRSA again but my whole leg was swollen. They lanced it and gave me another ten days of bactrim. I&#039;m about five days in and the swelling has resided and the pain is much less. No side effects other then a constant headache and abdominal cramps. Seems to work good for MRSA and staph infection"
"I was prescribed Efudex to treat various Actinic Keratoses on my forehead and balding front pate. Firstly my overall rating is that the treatment is very effective and I now have a beautiful forehead of smooth skin after 2 weeks 2 days of treatment and 2 weeks of recovery post treatment.

It may be that my skin damage was mild. In any event I found the process quite bearable.I applied the cream sparingly night and morning and there was little to see for 3 or 4 days, skin then reddened and peeled/flaked - no ulceration or discharge. Although unsightly (looked like a bright rash) as a male I was still happy to go out and socialise. I used my wife&#039;s hair colourant  plastic protective gloves but still washed hands thoroughly after use. Happy."
"Lost 9lbs in 2 weeks and have not exercised yet.  This pill is the real deal. No side effects."
"Today is day 6 of this medicine and it just isn&#039;t working.  I would have thought that I would have some kind of relief by now, but not."
"Been on Xeljanz XR 11 mg for about 10 days now. I&#039;ve tried most of the infusion drugs and Methotrexate and none have worked.  It&#039;s a little early to tell for sure but I think it&#039;s helping. I don&#039;t have typical RA, no flares, I am in a constant flare. No coming and going unfortunately.  I also have whole body swelling, lucky me. But I am noticing a slight reduction in swelling.  I had gone up a full ring and shoe size. Today I could get on a ring I haven&#039;t been able to wear in years....yay! I have had some strange side effects. Extreme fatigue, depression,  skin crawling and a little paranoia. Not typical for me and I don&#039;t think for this drug either. I seem to always have the rare side effects with all medications. I&#039;m hopeful though."
"
A previous poster Ryan Smith said &quot;I&#039;ve seen some of the reviews and I have a question for yall how did yall get your doctor to give phentermine to you for 6 months to a year my doctor will only give it to me 1 out of every 3 months&quot;
Just to let you know how I get it ...

I am attending a weight loss clinic, look for one in your area, they do weekly weigh ins and check your blood pressure weekly, and at the start they did a complete blood workup. I don&#039;t have a lot to lose, 5&#039;9&quot; and weighed 171lbs. My goal is 150lbs. Today is day 30, I have lost 18lbs. I started out with 1/2 a pill then after 1 week moved up to 1 a day, it really controls my appetite. I am doing this with a Ketogenic diet.It truly works, I&#039;m not hungry."
"Love this inhaler, after trying breo, dulera, Tudorza, spiriva, symbicort, and Adair, this one works the best for me"
"I&#039;ve  Been using this for almost 3 months and some advise I would give you KEEP YOUR FACE  MOISTURIZED! When using this since retin-a is an acid I don&#039;t know what I did wrong but I got an acid burn so my face was like really really red all the time and it just felt wierd so I use it every other day now and just keep your face MOISTURIZED"
"My dr. had me on Wellbrutrin for several years without much improvement and I gained a ton of weight. She changed me to Viibryd  about three years ago. It helps with most of my depression. It takes the edge off, except when my depression is really high. I have no noticed many side effects. I do not feel like a zombi while taking Viibryd. My dr sometimes tries to change my meds but we always go back to Viibryd. Still have suicidal thoughts but not as much and I can handle them for the most part. I have not gained weight with Viibryd. I hope to stay on Viibryd, unless my condition becomes worse. I am at the top mg (40 mg)."
"I just finished my first week of contrave with metformin, and I have lost 11 lbs already. With PCOS, this is the first time I&#039;ve seen weight loss like this. I do have some upset tummy and nausea, and I have to force myself to eat, because I am not hungry at all anymore. I am really hopeful. Down from 276 to 165. I haven&#039;t added exercise yet, and am really hopeful. Will update."
"I was prescribed Wellbutrin XR (150mg) for slight depression, stress and anxiety. After taking Celexa which didn&#039;t really help I wanted to try something that I thought would be &quot;stronger&quot;. Wellbutrin did absolutely nothing for me. We upped the dose to 300mg which made no difference I was on it for about 3 months before I stopped, I was also hoping it would help me lose some weight. No Luck."
"I have been diagnosed with lupus (SLE) and had fluid around my lungs and heart caused by an inflamation iin the body.  After corrective surgery was put on 10 mg prednisone  3times a day.  Felt an immediate improvement in my overall health with no side effects.  Now down to one 10 mg pill per day."
"I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for over a year and have noticed that I&#039;m actually not &quot;freaking out&quot; about everything.  I&#039;m happy for every day that I&#039;m here and thankful for every moment I have.  I only wish I would have approached my doctor before to ask for help.  This little pill made a huge difference."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE this medicine!  I was apprehensive at first because of all the side effect horror stories, but at the end of my rope with around 15-17 bad migraines per month.  Sometimes I would have them 10 days in a row and my insurance would not pay for enough Imitrex, then I would run out and just suffer for days. Side effects were so bad the first week I almost quit:  dizzy, complete &quot;weirdness&quot;, inability to handle more than one task at a time, anxiety, spacing out and forgetting things, etc.  And I still got migraines. It was a little scary.  On day 8 I took a leap of faith, increased my dose (as per the doctors orders) and the side effects all but went away, as did the migraines.  Life is better now."
"I was put on this medication and taken off hydromorphone. It was horrible! I was given 50mg three times a day. I had hot flashes, restless leg syndrome, headaches and blurred vision. The blurred vision was so bad it was making me dizzy. It also made me so weak and washed out feeling that I could hardly make it through the day. I went back to my pain doctor to complain about this medication and she put me back on the hydromorphone which was working perfectly in the first place!"
"I did very well during the free trial lower dose period. I lost 12 pounds. Ive been on the drug for atotal of 5 weeks and have not lost any additional weight on the scale.  I have lost inches. 4 around my waist 3 at hips and 2 on each extremity(I must be gaining muscle).  Plus Im feeling better and keeping track of all food a fluid im eating and drinking. I stick to a 1200-1800 calorie diet. So my body doesn&#039;t get bored(most days 1500).  I do have numbness in my toes but thats it.  My starting weight was 245lbs. Im female and 42."
"I am receiving Dilaudid through a pain pump. It&#039;s just been a month since the surgery.  I was opiate tolerant at the time.  I have sarcoidosis degenerative disc disease and osteoarthritis. I feel so much better than I have in a long time. I&#039;m not sleepy but I did get tingling in the lower left leg that went to my toes. I am stiff in joints but not sure if it&#039;s the arthritis or Dilaudid. I rate it at 8.5."
"I have taken almost every drug out there. With so many drugs/so many different side effects, because of this I have been off all drugs for a couple of years, I feel the need to go on something for depression. I was so worried about side effects of weight gain or hair loss, that I asked my doctor for something that would avoid these two side effects. I have been on Pristiq for almost 2 weeks...I have mild headaches, frequent urination, constipation, and insomnia so far. I am hoping with monitoring this that maybe if I change the time that I take it and try to add fiber to my diet, and try to drink less fluids closer to bed time to help. I have had worse side effects with other medicines, so I will stay on longer to see if I notice a difference."
"Hi I been taking the medication for a week an last 4lbs along with the medication I been drinking lots of water walking a 1.5-2 miles 2-3 days a week. I been watch what I eat an didn&#039;t feelings as hungry as I usually do. I try to eat my last meal by 7:30pm but some times it does not work that way. So far the medication has been working for me."
"I&#039;m coming to the end of one year on this medication. It has worked very well for me, causing almost a 50 pound weight loss. I went from the initial low 3+ mg dose to a 11.25 mg. Some things I noticed while taking this medication:

*High irritability/moodiness/depression for the first 2-3 days after increasing doses (I&#039;m also on Citalopram)
*I&#039;ve lost this weight without having to change my diet or add exercise. It has simply decreased my appetite.
*Now that I&#039;m stepping down the dosage, I&#039;m experiencing high levels of hunger and am gaining roughly five pounds per week (consistent for the past 2-3 weeks)"
"I love the drug but I am experiencing EXCESSIVE Weight Gain. 
I began the medication in November 2007.  To date, I have gained 30 lbs.  Some of my now FAT clothes have gotten too tight.:(  
Has anyone else experienced this problem??"
"I have been put on every muscle relaxant from Flexeril to Soma and then my neurologist tried me on Zanaflex last week for the first time. I have to say so far it&#039;s working pretty good. I feel a little drowsy but hopefully that will pass as my system gets used to it. At this point with my MS, I am willing to try anything in order to feel better and not hurt all the time. I&#039;m thinking we are on to something here. At least that&#039;s what I&#039;m praying for."
"Had severe chronic acne for almost a decade.Despite my struggle I stayed away from Retin A and Tretinoin, because of reviews stating the horrible peeling, redness, and eventual ineffectiveness.Luckly a year ago I came across a heaven sent dermatologist, who understood this product and gave me specific care instructions not just &quot;here put this on your face, good luck&quot;. Because of the severity of my acne I didn&#039;t see real results until 6 months in( most people see dramatic changes at 3 months).The months leading up to being clear were tough.I broke out WAY MORE then ever before.However, I at month 6 people started complementing my skin.And now at month 9,even the texture of my skin is firmer and more youthful( mine was adult acne)."
"The doc tested for Flu and it came back negative but he said I had all the symptoms of the flu (fever, body aches, dizziness, etc). He prescribed Tamiflu and said I could continue taking OTC medications as well. By the second dose, I was sweating profusely and felt clammy. I took my temp and it was 96.3F. That alarmed me, but I figured it was my body finding another way to fight my &quot;flu&quot;. Once I woke up the next day, my temperature was 98F and I felt great but took the third dose of Tamiflu. Bad decision. 96.5 F temp, sweating, and clammy. Apparently hypothermia is a newer size effect of Tamiflu. I will not be taking the fourth dose and will continue my OTC meds. Not worth it."
"Was taking Armour Thyroid 90mg, and the pharmacy switched me to this NP thyroid as a generic and it was awful experience, was like I wasn&#039;t taking anything at all, like they just gave me a placebo or something.  Not sure why such a dramatic difference, but this was just my experience, now at the pharmacy you have to specify brand name only by your doctor to make sure you get the Armour Thyroid, pre warning, unless it works for you then awesome."
"I started taking montelukast at the beginning of the winter because I would wheeze at night and had a hard time breathing.  I have allergies and it just got much worse at night and affected my breathing.  I tried Advair and though it helped, I would cough during the day with phlegm and I didn&#039;t like taking steroids. I heard of Singulair and asked my allergist to write me a prescription.  Well, I have now been taking it for at least 4 or so months and it works great.  I am back to my normal self, breathing fine and plus, it helps with my allergies A LOT! This medicine is a life saver for me and I love it! I take it at night and no more wheezing."
"I am an active 60 y/o male; have had 2 surgeries to fix meniscus tears on left knee; also arthritic in that knee.  I am 1 week out from 3rd injection.  1st shot was good -no side effects; 2nd shot - some increased swelling and stiffness; 3rd shot ok; one week out and I notice that I am not sore after sitting at my desk for an hour or more. I actually have to start getting used to trusting my knee when I stand up again!  Definitely helped!  I have not given it the acid test as I am a backpacker and I would usually get significant pain after the first couple of miles hiking.  Initial reaction is that my knee is not perfect with 20% of my meniscus left, and I do still have some pain, but the shots DID HELP.  No complaints."
"Was diagnosed with pneumonia in March 2013 and HIV. Viral load was 16000 and CD4 365. July viral load was 7600 and CD4 735 without meds. Started Stribild August 2013, after 3 weeks I&#039;m undetectable and CD4 765. Very pleased."
"I have been on Sinemet for at least 15 years. I have not had to raise the dosage due to augmentation as of yet. This is the very first medicine I tried for restless legs syndrome and it works so well for me I don&#039;t feel the need to try the newer medicines. I have had restless legs syndrome since my teens and am now hitting 60."
"Lunesta is now generic so the cost is low.  I take 3 mg at night and sleep 7-8 hours.  It&#039;s been such a godsend for me.  I have terrible insomnia."
"(Inserted 12/23/15  18 years old) Was Nervous about an IUD but sooo happy I did it! I kept rescheduling my appointments because I was finding so many negative reviews, mainly tons of bleeding. Let me tell you that may be others experience but mine has been quite wonderful. Insertion wasn&#039;t nearly bad as I had read, I took 2 Tylenol before procedure. It was in a few short min! Soo so happy with this IUD. Try it! If it doesn&#039;t work for you just have it removed."
"My doctor advised me to do research about this before the procedure, where I came across this site, these reviews scared me to death. I wouldn&#039;t recommend doing that. If you have very painful periods where you stop mid step curled over in pain, this procedure hurts less than that and it&#039;s done is 5-10 minutes. Definitely was way more scared than I should be I should be."
"Just started taking Belviq 10mg twice daily.  My starting weight was 350.  Three days later I am already down to 345.  I am a 5&#039;5 40 year old woman.  Belviq worked for me immediately to suppress my appetite.  I am counting my exact calories daily and sticking to a 1200-1300 calorie diet.  I have not felt deprived and Belviq is keeping my hunger at bay.  I have not experienced any noticeable side effects.  I go back to my doctor in a month for a weigh-in.  I will re-post my results.  So far so good.  So far I would definitely recommend this drug."
"I have been on Trinessa for almost a year and I would recommend this pill. It increased my breast size (a huge plus) without adding excess anywhere else. It is inexpensive, and I can plan for the exact time frame I will get my period. It is very regular. My sex drive has increased. The only negative thing is that I have become more emotional and over dramatic, but not necessarily with only bad emotions."
"I can&#039;t rate this medicine enough as the doctor said to me it saved his life.
I know what he means by that now.
I suffer with depression and was on sertraline. However it caused me problems in sleeping and staying asleep. For years I also suffered pain in all parts of my body which caused me to have panic attacks too often.  So with sleep being the problem and no more sleeping tablets left or allowed to get a doctor prescribed amitriptyline. So I started and from day 1 it changed my life. I can sleep well and no longer have panic attacks over pain and have 90% less pains anyway.  I also still take sertraline 100mg and amitriptyline 60mg. so it has sorted my somatiziation disorder and sleep probs. Miracle."
"I had a mixed experience with Junel Fe. At first I was so relieved because I had no side effects. No weight gain, mood changes, or anything negative and it cleared up my acne/regulated my periods. However, about 5 months in, I started having really bad mood changes. I cried all the time for no reason. I felt insane. It was awful. This medication may work for some people, but if you take Junel Fe and have these side effects, ask your doc to change your medication."
"I took cortisone injections in my knee for 2 years the last few injections the pain was getting worse. Was tired of taking pain pills I found Euflexxa with my search. Very glad I did I took the print out to my ortho Dr. and ask him about what I found. I&#039;m afraid of needles so they used numbing solution. I definitely did NOT feel any pain. Friday was my 2nd injection."
"This is only my second month on birth control. The first month I was taking orsythia and it made my acne disappear within two weeks and I absolutely loved it. I had no issues and my boobs were starting to grow very slowly. I&#039;m about three weeks into syronx and my acne has worsened.. I feel like scarface. My boyfriend and I have great sex so thats the only good thing about this. I&#039;ve gained a couple pounds but well.. I am only three weeks in and I have been a little stressed... so HOPEFULLY my skin goes back to normal..If not, I&#039;m switching back to orsythia!"
"After severely injuring my back while lifting a patient, herniating three discs, three failed back surgeries and multiple ineffective pain relief measures I finally accepted that I will need medication until a cure for spinal nerve damage is found. Using oxycodone means I can walk my dog, keep my house neat, enjoy life with my husband and live life again. I am scruptiously careful about how much I take and keep them under lock and key for the safety of my grandchildren. With great care this drug can give you your life back. However if a person doesn&#039;t take very seriously the potential addiction properties it can make a bad situation worse."
"BC from below. Rapid weight gain, swelling and bad cycle. Don&#039;t recommend"
"Saw no affect"
"Started taking the starter dose on April 27, 2015, then went up to the regular dose on May 11th, 3 days ago.  Didn&#039;t lose much the first week then, wow, started dropping the pounds.  It has been about 17 days and I&#039;m down 14 pounds from 264.5 to 250.5 this morning, but most of that has been in the past two weeks.  A little tingling in the feet but that is about it.  Carefully monitoring my resting heart rate with a digital reader and it has gone down, not up.  Not hungry AT ALL.  This stuff is the miracle I have been waiting for. I didn&#039;t think something like this was possible."
"I have been using Concerta for 15 days now. I started out with 18mg for a week and the second week 36mg. I haven&#039;t seen any difference by now, which is very dissappointing for me. In fact I feel slighly extra depressed than I already am, but no big difference. Starting tommorow my doctor told me to take 54mg per day. Any suggestions? Is it too soon to see any difference?"
"I have had Mirena for 3 yrs. 6 weeks after having my 2nd baby it was cramping with placement and a little after but nothing real bad. I drove myself home but a few days later I was bleeding a lot and it had a mind of its own. I had to always keep pads and liners on. After 6 months the bleeding slowed a lot then finally went away. I love the Mirena it is not as bad as the pill and it works wonders but I still have to be careful because if my period does start I never know when it will end. I talked to my doctor, we are trying to plan for a cooper IUD without any hormone to see if it changes anything but no doubt I would recommend it to any women being a young mother of 2 kids it works wonders for me."
"Before my seizures my memory was almost perfect after I was lucky if could remember 2 minutes ago. Namenda helped me with one of the effects of the seizures and MS I hated the most it has helped me feel closer to the me before the seizures than any of the medications have. Only negative is the price and I&#039;m fighting an up hill battle trying to get any kind of insurance."
"I took prozac several years ago, and it worked a little bit for a while. Often, though, it made me feel really lethargic, sleepy, and extremely apathetic to most things. It sort of did it&#039;s job, but not well enough, as I have now switched to something that works better."
"I&#039;m 20 with no kids. My gyno suggested the Skyla because I&#039;ve been on birth control for 7 years and she though we should switch it up. On 10/11, I got the IUD placed, I thought the insertion would be a walk in the park but it was close to the worst pain I&#039;ve felt and I have 13 tattoos lol ! it was period cramps times 10. I still feel a lot of pain even just sitting certain ways and I&#039;ve bled everyday since I&#039;ve gotten it placed. I&#039;m hoping by my ultrasound on Dec. 16th that I&#039;ll feel better because if not, I want this out of me and that scares me even more because I&#039;m afraid of the pain from getting it removed. It&#039;s cool not having to take a pill every night &amp; I&#039;m not worried about effectiveness bc it&#039;s more effective than birth control"
"I really dreaded this stuff. I am a wimp when it comes to eating and drinking. This stuff wasn&#039;t bad at all. I chilled it for a couple days then iced the water first. I extracted the ice and added the Suprep. It didn&#039;t even taste that bad. Kinda like a salty Koolaid. Just imagine your five year old made it, and drink it down. No problem. Started to work in about 30 minutes. No cramping, no nausea, not even uncomfortable. The worst part so far is the day without real food. Hoping tomorrow goes as well!"
"Began use of this medication upon receipt in mail. Only a few doses were necessary when effectiveness were noted. No side effects noted throughout the treatment period. Dermatologist will review the site at next appointment."
"I have been on this pill for a few years off and on. It&#039;s very effective at clearing my skin and keeping me not pregnant, but I have gained fifteen pounds, my periods are a little longer but on time.  I had depression with another birth control pill and switched back to this, and after a year or so I noticed the weight gain back. It&#039;s okay though but my self esteem isn&#039;t as great due to weight gain."
"Good prenatal vitamin for my pregnancy."
"I got on this birth control around 6 months ago. I had no problems. It took about three months to adjust. I don&#039;t get periods on it. Unfortunately after 3 months I began putting on weight rapidly (around 15 lbs in two months) which is a lot for my small frame. Despite working out 6 days a week and eating clean, I could not lose the weight. Other than the weight gain this was a great pill. The only reason I&#039;m changing is because of the severe weight gain."
"Was switched from Adderall XR to generic Dexedrine. I got an ineffective brand of Adderall (yes, some brands are better than others). The positive effects were gone and the negative effects were enhanced. My blood pressure was great, around 102-117 systolic and 75-85 diastolic but my pulse was way too high 110-130. For the most part I loved Dexedrine, it worked very well and without the L-Amphetamine in Adderall my pulse rate was good 85-102. My only complaint was that the length of time it worked was inconsistent. Some days it would last 45 min other days it would last 2 hours. After speaking to my psych doc we decided to switch to Vyvanse instead of having to take 3 or 4 Dexedrine pills a day. Other than length of duration this is great."
"I have been suffering from asthma from the age of about 10. I have been using Symbicort for the last 10 years but have had no proper relief. I have to say this is just a miracle for me and my asthma. I have been on it for about a month and a half and after struggling with my asthma for almost 25 years, I think I&#039;ve finally reached a point where I almost feel secure with leaving inhalers at home (although I typically don&#039;t). I have not had one attack since I&#039;ve started this medication! It worked for me."
"I have tried many many other medications for my bipolar depression, none of which were effective. Wellbutrin improved my mood significantly and within the first two weeks. (they tell you it takes 4-6 for most meds to begin working) Don&#039;t suffer any longer, try this one. Ps. NO Weight changes!"
"Got control of the condition with Prevacid 30mg for a few months (felt sick most of the time on it) and then switched to Prilosec OTC after a mild relapse. I loved this medication and it worked like a charm for quite a few years. (3-4) Then gradually it became less effective and I had to go from 10 mg to 20 mg. Overall I am pleased with the product."
"I got severe depression in College, had it in high school as well and took some antidepressant that started with an L (I really can&#039;t remember). I started taking Prozac my 2nd year in college after my girlfriend broke up with me. It helped tremendously overcome the loneliness. The only problem I&#039;ve ever had with it is my REM sleep. I didn&#039;t take my pill for 2 days over spring break this past week and had the worst panic attack I&#039;ve ever had in my life I thought I wanted to die, it was the worst car ride I have ever experienced. As soon as I took my Prozac everything was better. I trust this."
"I am on opiate pain medication for a back injury from a car accident, and the opiates make me nauseated and vomit. Pain doc put me on 25mg Promethazine 3X a day and it works wonders! It will make you a little sleepy, but once you get used to it then that feeling goes away. And I&#039;ve tried Tigan (Trimethobenzamide) which made nausea worse. Tried Zolfran (Ondansetron) which I hated because it taste nasty and that doesn&#039;t help when you are nauseated. I would HIGHLY recommend Promethazine for ANYONE who SUFFERS with nausea from opiates or has chronic nausea!"
"Since starting this medication I&#039;ve had horrible nausea and the need to drink a lot of water. I thought maybe I&#039;m becoming diabetic since diabetes make you feel so thirsty but we have glucose meters and its always in normals ranges 90-120 yet I feel like I haven&#039;t drank water all day and my lips are dry and chapped. I called my OBGYN to get it changed but they claim its not a side effect from the pill and I haven&#039;t seen this side effect on here. But what a coincidence that I decide to stop taking Estarylla (spelling) pill and I&#039;m not compelled to drink as much water as I did when I was taking it. I don&#039;t recommend it."
"I was on Depo for twoish years. The first year was great spotted 3 months in and then never had a period at all. And then beginning mid second year everything changed. My mood swings were though the roof I gained 10-15 lbs I felt depressed. It definitely does the job of preventing pregnancy but the side effects were through the roof. I live an active lifestyle work out 2-5x a week and have been doing weight watchers for 1 year my weight is always up and down but I feel like its a cycle. I get motivated for a few weeks lose a few pounds and then get depressed and stop caring. I talked to my doctor and she does believe it is from depo. So I went back on the pill."
"My erection is as firm as it was when I was a teenager. It lasts 2.5 hours. It delays my ejaculation for quite sometime."
"Testim helped my husband but hurt me. It transferred to me and now I have hormonal issues and other medical issues related to this product. DO NOT touch them where they have put it on, skin to skin until they wash it off. Don&#039;t let your children near him either! They should keep area covered. Our Doctor did not warn us and I only found out after I got symptoms."
"I was given this pill after asking for yet another GI consultation. I&#039;ve been suffering from IBS-C for almost 9 years now and it&#039;s the worst kind of hopelessness when you keep getting told &quot;try this&quot; and it doesn&#039;t work or it makes it worse. It took Lizness and about 2 hours later I had a small meal and within 30 minutes I was having watery stools, but NO PAIN! It&#039;s true that about 2 hours after it causes diahrrea but OMG I&#039;ll take painless water stool over that agonizing, gut-wrenching pain of my IBS attacks. I was having them daily and had lost hope. I am excited to see if this medicine continues to work so well!"
"Morphine sulphate IR does help me to function on a daily basis.  I take it in conjunction with MScontin. I suffer from fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, carpal tunnel, herniated discs, ruptured discus, and I also have hepatitis C.  Therefore taking anything containing Aspirin or Tylenol would compromise liver health.  I also have chronic pancreas.  I am afraid to have surgery, I have blood drawn every 3 months to check my liver function checked.  I have remained in remission for over 3 yrs this time.  I did have a bout of pancreatitis 2 months ago. I don&#039;t drink alcohol either."
"Does extremely well with controlling chronic pain, but is also extremely addictive, and can even lead to abuse, especially in those predisposed to addiction."
"If you&#039;re reading this, you&#039;re probably wondering the same thing I was....when will I get better? Feel normal again? Prozac has brought me my life back. I&#039;m a 25 yr old
Who has struggled my whole life with clinical depression. You name it, anxiety, nervousness, paranoia. I take 20mg a day paired with 15mg of Adderall for my ADHD. I feel great and I can actually function now."
"It worked very good and cleared my infection.  I recommend it."
"I use ondansetron orally disintegrating tablets that i receive via prescription (8mg). I only use these on rare occasions when i eat badly, eat too much, or am very anxious, thereby making myself sick. It usually kicks in a few hours after i take it. (They are disintegrating but I usually swallow them with water because the taste is unappealing to me, but so far that has not affected its efficiency). Every time as far back as i can recall (and I have been taking this for several years) this medicine has been able to help with my nausea and vomiting. The only times i remember getting sick despite the medicine was when i got upset and cried violently, causing me to throw up. Other than that i don&#039;t recall ever throwing up after taking it!"
"So my bf was drunk and accidently came a little inside. He told me that 8 or 10hrs later, cause he recalled. I was so afraid and no, when they&#039;re drunk do not trust them. So we initially wanted to grab Plan B, but the clerk offered Aftera which is $10 cheaper. I was hesistant and wanted Plan B cause it has always worked for me in the past. But my bf wanted the cheaper one, the clerk said they both work the same way. After I took the pill, I had headaches and I was very stress that I would become pregnant. But I felt those we&#039;re just the side effects. I was in total disbelief that it&#039;ll work cause it looked skeptical. My period came after 5 days of patience, this stuff actually works! Saved $ too! My suggestion is take it ASAP, it&#039;ll work!"
"Norco relieved my pain better than anything I had been prescribed before. I have severe nerve pain, knee, neck and lower back problems."
"I am on a 24 week regimen and into my 12th week.  Some increased fatigue, way too much gas, increased appetite, and some insomnia are my current side affects.  These  are nothing compared to Interferon/Ribraviron.   My only disappointment is my doc told me that my fatigue might not improve due to the fact that I have cirrhosis, but my bloodwork (low platelets, liver enzymes and viral count) is all normal.  She told me that some of the fog associated with Hep C will be gone.  I am very happy with the medication and course of treatment."
"Effective. Regular constant use led to a solid stable benefit. The drug is mild, unnoticable but with time you realize something has changed for the better. Positive effect on libido. Improved concentration, mood, curiousity, rest."
"On and Off depression and severe anxiety for 40 years.  Tried many medications, most with very uncomfortable side-effects.  Changed to Celexa over 8 years ago with remarkable results and absolutely no discernible side-effects.  Doctor had changed medicine to something new about 3 years ago and my wife made me go back to Celexa after only a few months.  Under extreme stress anxiety does return, but not nearly as severe.   I am now 62 years old."
"I went through 4 days of hell. Coughing to the point my sides would cramp. Night sweats and constant chills (when I say night sweats I mean a waterfall) finally went to the clinic and was told that I have severe bronchitis and on-set pneumonia. He gave me a 5 day Z-pack and since taking my first dose I have improved. I was also given Ventolin. Combined they are working."
"Better option for my patients that cannot take STRs or for those patients that  I would not start on STRs due to potential issues with compliance, easy to add to either NRTIS regimen, once daily is better for compliance"
"I took the liquid version at work one day to help with my cough and it worked better than I thought and faster than the pills. Although, I was sleepy all day and I don&#039;t recall reading the words &quot;may cause drowsiness&quot; on the bottle. Perhaps they were there and I did no see them."
"Got my IUD inserted 5 1/2 months ago. Having it inserted sucked, I had a lot of sharp cramping. But that is normal for me because my body tends to give off a lot of pain whenever I recover from something. The spotting was as the doctor said it would be like. It lasted 1-3 months and my periods have become less heavy. Overall my IUD is easy maintenance since because me and boyfriend check the strings after every cycle (and because he feels it every time during intercourse). I am happy I got it and strongly encourage others to do so! Its hormone free &amp; lasts 10 years :)"
"Was given Tylox capsules after having back to back abdominal surgery.  Pain was greatly reduced, and side effects were low, only itching and slight drowsiness."
"I began having severe panic attacks when I was about 15 or 16 years old. There were a few times that I actually passed out from anxiety, and thought perhaps I had another condition, such as low blood pressure or sugar. Eventually, I realized I had anxiety but I thought the only option was an antidepressant or an anxiety medicine that I&#039;d have to take everyday. I also didn&#039;t like the thought of having to take Valium or Xanax.

A few months ago, at age 22, my newest doctor talked to me for 5 minutes, realized my issue and immediately put me on propranolol. This medicine is a miracle and I can swear by it enough. I use it when I need it and it 100% works. I had a job interview today that I nailed. I love Propranolol."
"Helps with my high anxiety. I take 1mg twice a day and it controls my anxiety pretty well without impairing my motor skills too much."
"Was previously taking Lisinopril at the highest dosage and still had blood pressure readings of 160/95. Bincar HCT 40/12.5 (Benicar combined with a diuretic called hydrochlorothiazide) is the only drug that has ever gotten my blood pressure fully under control (120/77 at doctor today). I take it with a banana or some orange juice in the morning to ensure my potassium levels don&#039;t drop too low. I have no side effects with this pill, other than running to the restroom a bit more during the first couple of days I was taking the medication."
"I am a skeptic on taking new medicine, but this medicine worked great for my strep throat and I had it very bad."
"I&#039;ve been taking Sprintec for a couple months and from the first week I started I had horrible acne breakouts.  My periods are longer than they&#039;ve ever been, even while off birth control and while my cramps aren&#039;t as severe during that time I have cramps all the time it seems. At least 3 weeks out of the month.  I have horrible headaches and feel like I might pass out, although I can&#039;t say for certain these are from taking Sprintec.  The worst side effect of all is my mood swings. It&#039;s sad and scary when out of the whole month the time that I&#039;m the calmest is during PMS and my period.  I snap and get upset with friends, family, and co-workers over things that has never bothered me before. I never had any side effects with my last birth control."
"I had a rough childhood. Growing up, I tried to stay positive and press on. As an adult anxiety became overwhelming to the point where everything started to stress me out. This happen ed to me around 29 and I dealt with it until 31. I had been grinding my teeth and clenching my jaws as a reaction to stress, causing damage to my teeth...about $7,000 worth. My dentist said I had to do something about stress if I wanted to have any teeth left in my mouth. I saw a dr and was diagnosed with anxiety, ocd &amp; ptsd. Ive taken paxil for almost 2 weeks and am relieved of anxiety but feel pretty spaced out and numb right now. Motivation is lacking as well and im nautious on and off. Im hoping these side effects subside"
"I&#039;ve been on this for over 30 years and had maybe 10 seizures over that span.  I am annoyed that they took something that worked, off the market.  When I was 12, I was put on phenobarbitol and my body couldn&#039;t handle it so the doc put me on Mebaral and I wasn&#039;t a walking zombie and actually functioned.  Now that they discontinued Mebaral I have taken 3 other medicines in one year and you&#039;ve guessed it I&#039;m back on Phenobarb. I plead with the makers to bring this back PLEASE!."
"Took medicine for in ear infection. When I was on my last four pills 2x a day I ran into diarrhea. Got switched to plain amoxicillin for my last 4 pills and I have been done with pills for a week now but still have diarrhea going on day 11 and have to submit stool sample to doctor tomorrow to see what&#039;s wrong."
"I am a newbie to Valium. Just took my first dose today, 10 mg. The doctor prescribed it for the acute anxiety attacks I have once in a while. I have generalized anxiety disorder mixed with bipolar disorder. I take Pristiq for the anxiety and it has helped but it doesn&#039;t cover everything. When I&#039;m anxious I cannot go outside and become bedridden. I am also on 70mg of Vyvanse for ADD and it took the doctor some time to be convinced of the benefits of taking a benzo. You know, the whole upper/downer concern. I took my Valium in the evening when the Vyvanse was wearing off. It worked wonders. It kicked in 15 minutes upon taking it. the only side effect is that I feel a little wobbly when standing. But the fact that I am calm makes up for it"
"I&#039;ve been using Zymar for a week for conjunctivitis and it has had only a slight improvement. Everyday I kept hoping for the redness to go away. I used something else last year and got results within 3 days. The doctors are resistant to changing the medication, but it is certainly indicated. I&#039;ve been out of work for a week. I&#039;m frustrated."
"I have been on topiramate for approximately one month and results are incredible. Within one week I was completely migraine free. When I first started this medicine I was very nervous considering all of the possible side effects, but I have grown to conclude I only had a few side effects. I had weight loss 10 pounds (good) and the bad I get very dizzy sometimes. I also find I over eat at all I feel like I might get sick (last about 10 min.). Lately I have been very tired, I used to be able to stay up forever now I go to bed at 9:30. Lastly, I have been experiencing random pains. They seem like body aches like you would get when you are sick. Oh and I almost forgot foods tastes different and pop taste metallic."
"Great for high level stress relief, due to quitting. Works well."
"I have been on Cymbalta (60mg) for several years now after trying out several other drugs - none of which worked.  I am also on Wellbutrin and the combination seems to work well for me.  However, I am on a new insurance plan now which is denying coverage for the Cymbalta - insisting that I should use a generic in the general family of anti-depressants.  Cymbalta is prohibitively expensive - my parents are paying for my health insurance - how can I expect them to pay for this medicine too.  When will the insurance companies be held accountable and why do drugs have to cost so much?"
"I have been on.invokana 100 for almost 3 months and.it has reduced A1c levels from.9 to 6.I am slowly reducing dosages of other medicines.will need to see for any side effects of liver kidney etc.so far none."
"Used for about 2 weeks, ramped up dosage from 1mg 1st week to 2mg 2nd week (final dosage was to be 4mg). Had a rash with associated itching (initially thought it was Poison Ivy) appeared about 3 days after treatment started and became severe during second week. Still waiting for rash to completely go away 1 week after stopping treatment. Did help to improve urine flow and reduced urgency feelings I was having about every 2 hours to about 6 hours. I could sleep through the night! No other noticeable side effects."
"I was prescribed tamiflu Tuesday evening, took my first dose shortly after getting home from doc. I ate a small meal as it said to but nonetheless an hour or two later I was throwing up, felt horrible. I stopped taking this medication after the one dose and the next day I felt better. I hate this medication and will not take again."
"I am 24 years old, never had kids,and I&#039;m also type one diabetic so I try to stay away from added hormones in my body. I have been told about ParaGard since I was 18, finally decided to give it a try. A few days ago I had my implantation of the iud. My Gyno let me listen to some music, took and Ibuprofen an hour before hand. It wasn&#039;t horrible pain, but it was pretty intense but nothing that wasn&#039;t manageable. During the procedure I took very deep breaths, and put pressure on my abdomen, the pain lasted 2-3 minutes. I listened to my favorite song and kept taking my deep breaths. As soon as it was over, the pain stopped. I&#039;ve had slight cramps, and spotting. I also have been bloated and I think it&#039;s due to the iud."
"I am 64 and have a lot of what my Dr. describes as pre-cancerous areas.  I have just completed my 2nd two regime, the first having been done a couple of years earlier.  I did my head and the left side of my face about half way down my cheek-only wanted to look half horrible.  I took more than two weeks between the 1st and 2nd cycle both times to give the areas more time to heal.  Don&#039;t know the significance of this delay.  I got the eruptions to the point that I called my Dr who said there was no problem and showed photos I took during the treatment when I next visited my Dr.- all normal.  I did feel fluey, sore all over, and verging on sick to my stomach, a 200 mg IBU solved the problem-its a real miracle for me."
"I was taking Nortrel, which caused me to get cystic pimples and hormonal acne(not terrible but enough to bother me) as well as break through bleeding. I just switched/started taking Portia 3 days ago, and the sweat pimples on my shoulders have gone away, and the two new cystic pimples I had coming in are gone, and my face is looking pretty clear. It is still too soon to really tell the full side effects, but so far, so good. My biggest issues with birth controls are hormonal acne and breakthrough bleeding."
"I started taking Chantix on 07/07/10. It made me feel weird at first and I heard about this side effect. After a few days that doesn&#039;t happen anymore. To help with the stomach problems I take it a half hour after I eat. No stomach issues at all. I am smoke free. I relapsed a few times smoking here and there but it was so much easier putting my mind to it...cold turkey was a nightmare. I did have a lot of forgetfulness and I was more &quot;aggressive and in bad moods&quot; but way worth it. Now I am almost at my 4th month down to a half a pill a day and I will continue to take a half pill and ween very slowly off so I don&#039;t get the cravings back. Good luck. If I can do it anyone can. "
"I&#039;ve gotten cold sores since I was a little kid. I&#039;m now 19 and they&#039;re ruining my life. They caused me so much anxiety until I got prescribed this medication. I usually catch the cold sore when it is red and itchy because they often come when I&#039;m asleep. I take the three tablets (costs me around $10 so very affordable) and during the day the cold sore continues to swell and throb as though the medication hasn&#039;t done anything. By the next day though I wake up to a dry red patch instead of the usual huge blistering process. This medication means the cold sore lasts maybe 3-4 days but is so much more manageable as it never processes through the disgusting stages. I always have a packet on me."
"Worked really well.  Hardly ever get up at night now.  However I am also now experiencing leg pain and weakness."
"Been on Lo Loestrin Fe for 6 months now. The first month I had spotting for 3 weeks and was quite emotional (can&#039;t specifically relate that to the birth control though - could have been caused by other factors). The second and third month I didn&#039;t get my period at all. After that my breasts grew and I got regular periods that usually last 1-3 days and are very light. Love this birth control and I&#039;ve had no problems!"
"Down 24lbs since end of Sept. Started with 2 weeks of victoza sample. Same med as saxenda just lower dose used with diabetes. Feel great very little side effects, haven&#039;t increased my exercise right now and still loosing. Get full very quickly and find I have no urge to eat at night."
"Helped my migraines a lot! However had severe constipation, gained 45lbs in 6 months, gave me night terrors and caused me to have slight depression. For migraines though it was great but due to all the side effects I was having, I have since switched. I would recommend Elavil to migraine sufferers it worked for me!"
"Used Sensitive NOT original. Be Careful because the bottles look alike. It takes about ten minutes but the itch goes away. Also, if your using it during the day don&#039;t use too much because it could soak through. Works Great!"
"Keeps you in the middle (not depressed or manic). No side effects other than being tired in the beginning. Helps with other medicines like lithium and Wellbutrin."
"I began taking this in March of 2015.  I am currently down almost 100 pounds today on 8/11/16.  This medication has helped a lot with my anxiety issues and my food addiction and eating for comfort . She paired it with phentermine and the weight began to really drop.  I find that I am losing around 2-4 pounds a week or so.  There are times that I plateau for a week or two...but then I go get a massage and bam, it starts falling off again.  I still have a lot more weight to lose so I am hoping my doctor let&#039;s me continue with this process until I hit final goal weight."
"I was prescribed this for headaches and eye irritation for allergies.  Been  taking it for a month.  No improvement or change in symptoms.  Drs office said it takes a few days to help symptoms ; pharmacist said it can take 4-6  weeks to build up on in your system.  The generic is cheap but after a month,  no change.  Don&#039;t know if its med not working or mis diagnosis"
"I am 24 and I went on provera on the 25 of last month because I&#039;m was bleeding since the 05 of September and soaking though my pads every two to three hours. For me provera slowed down my period and stopped it for three days and now I&#039;m just bleeding all over again still bleeding though pad in about one to one and half hour now and it hurts worse,  I have cramping, bloating, nausea and clots are much bigger about the size of a golf ball and have been clotting ever since I started bleeding again.  I had blood work done it came out normal. Next is an ultrasound and after that is a pelvic exam. I need help not more issues...I started bleeding on the 2 of October not even a day after my last pill and I&#039;ve been getting dizzy and lightheaded"
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor XR 75 mg once a day since December 1999. I originally started taking it for depression. It has worked superbly for me.  It removed the frequent crying spells, and feelings of worthlessness, disinterest, etc.  The only side effects I had were yawning at first and vivid dreams (which can still occur).  During the fall, around September/October, I find I double my dose to 150 mg once a day. If I miss my dose, I get weird vertigo-like symptoms.  I can heartily recommend this medication to those with &#039;milder&#039; forms of depression with some anxiety. I don&#039;t care if I have to take it for the rest of my life!  I&#039;m a &#039;normal&#039; human being now!"
"Out of the 5 people I know who have gotten this birth control, I am the only one who still has it in. I had it inserted 2yrs ago. The procedure itself was not bad. I have to say this is the worst birth control I have used.  The acne started first.  As soon as my periods stopped, the cramping started almost every day. Within the last 4 months I have gained a lot of weight. I am having terrible headaches and heartburn. I constantly feel bloated and all the weight I gained went straight to my stomach. I am puking, my breasts are incredibly sore. I feel like I&#039;m pregnant when I&#039;m not....mood swings, pain every day, urinary tract infections, etc. I am having it removed!"
"It took at least 5.5- 6 hours to work.  It wasn&#039;t until the second dose did mine start to work.  The taste was fine- drink it with a straw it really does make a difference!"
"I&#039;ve had two other colonoscopies and this was my first experience with Suprep...I thought it tasted just fine, (only a bit on the sweet side).  My biggest issue was getting the additional  32oz of water down within the same hour!!!  My stomach is a bit on the small side, and was afraid it wasn&#039;t  all going to stay down!!!  Took my tablet to the bathroom 10-15min. later, and was pretty much cleaned out within an hour!!!!
I&#039;d strongly recommend this  to everyone!!"
"Was prescribed these for a chest infection, from a few hours after taking the tablet I had a really nasty taste that now day two into the course I still have its constantly there, even during the night I&#039;m waking multiple times for a drink. I feel very fidgety and need to be doing something even though I feel really ill. But on the plus side my
Chest doesn&#039;t hurt anymore."
"I decided to share my experience because reading these while I was desperate waiting for my period really helped me! Girls, it works! Condom broke and I was ovulating. I took the pill within 1 hour and I got my period 5 days later! I had some cramps but it was all. So, just relax and wait. It works."
"I&#039;ve had chronic back and neck pain for over 10 years and drugs like Vicodin, Lorcet and others like them quit working. Was taking MS Contin for 5 years and it started to loose its effect. Started the Dilaudid 2 years ago and still doing well with it. Without it I would have a constant pain level of 8 to 9.5 and unable to do anything. With it my pain level runs 4 to 6 and I&#039;m able to do some things. I&#039;ve been unable to work for 10 years but now can do some wood working with a little lathe."
"4 Azithro pills, diarrhea about 2-3 hours after. 2 or 3 bouts. 

I encourage safe sex, few partners if it&#039;s possible! Many people get thrown off by antibiotics"
"I have only just got the tablets and I start tomorrow. Excited to loose my appetite as I am getting out of control lol xx good luck everyone cx"
"My doctor put me on Celexa when I started having tension headaches from severe stress.  The headaches were gone after a week of taking the medication.  A week later, I started tripping over my own feet &amp; my pharmacist told me the medication was to blame.  My stress was absolutely more manageable, though!"
"I&#039;ve struggled with acne since I was about 13. I&#039;ve used Proactive, Clean &amp; Clear, Neutrogena, AcneFree, etc. and every other acne system you can think of. 
This product gets rid of my acne in about 4 days; it is all I need now. It doesn&#039;t matter what face wash, or toners you use with this, because all you need is the Acanya gel. It&#039;s pretty expensive but one bottle (only put on problem spots) lasts me about 4 months.

Acanya has completely has kept my acne away for about a year now. As soon as you put it on, the next morning the size of the bumps reduce in size dramatically. About a week later, I had no acne. I didn&#039;t have bad skin, I just needed the right product."
"I have had my Implanon in since February 2011, so 14 months. It has been really great. At first I was gaining weight, but that was because of unhealthy habits. Now that I am up and moving more, drinking less soda and more water, I am losing faster than ever. I get a &quot;period&quot; every 3-4 months or so, and even then it is just 3 days of slight spotting. The only negatives I can think of are slightly decreased sex drive (which you can work through) and sometimes feeling a bit depressed (which usually lasts less than a day). If you are thinking about getting Implanon and are turned off by the possible side effects, just try it. It can be taken out any time. And remember, there is no &quot;natural&quot; birth control, everything has side effects."
"So I took plan b less than 12 hours after sex and I ended up pregnant . I am not sure what the chances of this happening are but it definitely happened to me. Expect the unexpected. If it happened to me it could happen to anyone, anything is possible... I took it for a reason and now I have to face something life changing."
"So I&#039;m here like many of you to sing the praises of this product. I&#039;m 32 5&#039;9&quot; and a good 270. Me and my boyfriend got a bit carried away for our first time together and long story short no protection was used. I was super freaked out as I didn&#039;t want to have a baby with a guy I haven&#039;t been with six months yet. When I got home and looked at my period tracker I realized that I was smack in the middle of my high fertility time. I got to Walgreen&#039;s and took this pill within 12 hours of intercourse (and after a long sleepless night worrying). I didn&#039;t have the worst side effects but I did have cramps, nausea, extreme breast tenderness and major bloating and fatigue for a week or so. I&#039;m having a period right now so I&#039;m happy!"
"I went to my doctor for earache relief and I was prescribed this medication. My doctor knows of my medical history with earaches, ear ruptures, and perforated eardrum. I had my daughter place ear drops into ear, as soon as she did I felt a burning going down my ear, I got up screaming in pain and could even taste the medicine. With all the excruciating pain, I ran to the nearest E.R. where I was told by doctor that he had never seen the entire eardrum membrane missing like it was in my ear. I am waiting to see an ENT, but I too am considering to sue for this!"
"I take several meds for my mood disorder. It is difficult to truly evaluate the medication fully, but also I just started it one week ago. I am taking Latuda 40mg and I plan to ask the doctor to adjust it to 80mg. Some people experience restlessness which can be controlled with a sedative or congentin. I am still tapering off of Zyprexa and I am noticing some moodiness, but I also take Adderall which helps me concentrate and stay focus around people which is my biggest fear. I hope it works out for me as it does for others to."
"Grade 9 I was given birth control (BC) to regulate my periods as I could not naturally create them on my own. On and off BC for a few years testing to see if naturally I would get it - no luck. Advised to remain on BC until I wanted to have children, as this would keep my PCOS symptoms and hormone levels regulated. I am now 30 and needed to stop taking BC because of excessive weight gain and mood swings. I was prescribed Metformin from my family doctor Feb 16th (gradually working up to 1000mg 1/2 pill increase weekly). February 26th I got my first natural period since Grade 9. AMAZING!
Side affects stomach pains, diarrhea and nausea, manageable with good diet - hope to have success with weight loss like others I&#039;ve read below. Good Luck!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for about 3 months and thus far have lost about 20 lbs. Slow and steady, just the way it ought to be. Side effects are minimal. A little nausea but not intolerable. I have another 40 or so pounds to lose. It&#039;s great to finally have something that really works.
Downside? Does anyone&#039;s insurance actually cover this stuff? Cash pay it&#039;s $1000 a month. I have put that out for the last 3 months, between having crummy insurance for the first 2 months and then the deductible on my new insurance. NOW I am finding out that it is &quot;an excluded drug.&quot; Great! I guess they&#039;d rather treat me for diabetes, hypertension and the coronary I&#039;ll probably have from being fat. Does anyone else&#039;s insurance jerk them around about paying for this?"
"I have used many ADHD medicines in the past and I never knew what attention I was lacking without vyvanse. The first week of taking 30mg is very different from the following weeks. In the first week I felt very conscious of the effects and it felt great but the following weeks felt like I was lacking. I am 18 years old so I had an upcoming SAT so I took 2 of my 30mg pills. I am 150lbs and In retrospect it was a bad idea. The whole day of the SAT I felt explosive energy and extremely motivated to work on questions. I am now on the first day of prescribed 60mg and I have a much greater work motive and I am constantly fueled with new productive ideas for tasks to complete. If you feel like you are lacking in motivation for work I recommend it"
"Jardiance gave me back pain because I was dehydrated so I decided to drink one glass of coconut water everyday to relieve the pain and it works"
"I have switched from Zoloft to Celexa because Zoloft wasn&#039;t working for me like it used to.  I have been on the Celexa for only about a week but I am experiencing stomach pain.  I am irritable, moody, and have even surprised myself with suicidal thoughts which I have never had before.  This medication is so not for me, however, everyone&#039;s experience is different because our bodies are so different."
"Looking for an alternative but there was a time when I would have killed to find this. I noticed effects @lowest dose &amp; no more diarrhea now: 10 mg morning, 50 @night. Helps anxiety&amp; better than SSRI (took B4) which helped psychosomatic. W/this, too much = constipation(!!) Alcohol, pizza, extreme grease=still diarrhea. Occsnlly I will stop 4 wknd or days, bc of sexual side effects: NOT as bad as SSRI. But less interest in sex, lack of sensation leading up to orgasm. Can orgasm, but not the same level. (I&#039;m female). Compared to life without it though? It&#039;s a lifesaver and I am normal again. Mostly. [Also take Wellbutrin 450 &amp; Clonazepam 0.5x2. W helps w/sex effects (+lose weight &amp; more energy, social).] + so cheap."
"I started taking this medication out of desperation. I was taking 50 pills a day: a mix of norco, methadone and tramadol. After multiple emergency room trips and close calls..I knew I had to do something quick or I wouldn&#039;t live to see my 6 year old son grow up. I was referred to Suboxone doctor. After a few different doctors (most were not educated enough on addiction) I found a decent one. I started on 12mg a day and I have now made it off Suboxone in almost exactly 1 years time. I did experience withdrawels while I tapered down but it was bearable. I was able to save my business, become a better father and most of all re-learn who I am and discover my purpose. I recommend this to anyone suffering from Opiate addiction."
"I am 22 and I have been on this pill for about 5 months. I was on Yasmin/Ocella for about 4 1/2 years and I loved that  birth control! But I started to get ovarian cysts, which is common after taking a birth control for that amount of time. Since I&#039;ve been on Loestrin, I have hated life! As of right now, I&#039;ve been on my period for 3 weeks. I can&#039;t seem to lose weight after eating healthy and going to the gym 7 days a week.  My mood is horrible.  I am about to start Sprintec, although reviews for Sprintec aren&#039;t much better than this one. Every birth control reacts differently with every woman."
"I have had severe depressive bipolar since early childhood...honestly for as long as I can remember. I get hypomanic, but the &quot;lows&quot; are 10x worse than the highs. I was diagnosed with depression as a child and Zoloft helped me greatly. I was recently correctly diagnosed with Bipolar II. My new doctor prescribed me lamictal and it changed my life in days. I have been taking it for 3 years. I understand that no medication is the perfect fit for everyone but for me it truly truly was. I feel like a real person for once!!!!"
"I&#039;m 29 and have 2 kids. It&#039;s been 2 months since I had it inserted. Truth is I never read reviews before going for the insertion. Now that I&#039;m reading them, it&#039;s funny to me because I didn&#039;t feel the slightest pain during and after the insertion.
I came to read the reviews now because I&#039;m currently battling with yeast infection. Have only had yeast infections once in my life and that was just before I got to know I was pregnant with my second child. So the cause of the first incident as I was told was pregnancy. Was getting worried I might be pregnant but reading some of the reviews has made me see that it&#039;s one of the side effect. The only effect have noticed is bleeding during ovulation and my periods are heavier and lasts longer than before."
"Overall, I really like this drug and hope to be able to continue taking it and finally lose this weight.  I lost 3 lbs in my first week, though none in my second week.  SW: 199 GW: 150

This is my THIRD try with Contrave.  The other two tries have come to an end because I get really weepy.  This time, I am titrating up at a slower pace and that seems to be helping,

Side effects:  Upset stomach and lightheadedness for the first 3 days after titrating up.  I have found that taking Bonine (anti nausea tab) solves this problem.  Exhaustion on days 2 and 3.  Sleeping better and needing less sleep to feel energized.  Constipation.

My insurance does not cover this medicine.  The out of pocket cost at Target for 120 pills is $90 with the manufacturers discount."
"I just want to know when the spotting will go away and i do get cramps here and there. When they inserted it i swear the cramp is no joke but i mean they are messing with your uterus..Idk how girls do labor!! im sure thats way worse. Long story short i have yet to have sex im actually sort of scared just cause idk how its going to feel but if all goes well and the spotting stops il definitely go back on here and leave a review for the most part come on girls skyla is way better then having children. Remember all bodies are different so they obviously will react differently!"
"I have been on this medication for 4 months now. I am 55 with early-onset Alzheimer&#039;s. I have noticed a significant improvement. I do not feel so much anymore as if I am walking around in a fog. I have not had any side-effects at all from this medication. I am hopeful that it will stave off a rapid progression of this disease."
"I&#039;m 16 and am limited to medications that are safe for me to take because of an extreme anxiety order I have. When I first started Wellbutrin it was slow to see changes but now I can honestly say it&#039;s helped me so much. Something a lot of people don&#039;t know is that it may also help you lose weight in certain situations. I began my sophomore year at about 180 lbs and now I&#039;m at 155. (I am 5&#039;7&quot;) I feel so much healthier now and also happier. I highly recommend this for teens who are struggling with other medicines."
"I have taken this medicine several times now over the last few years. My husband and I have unprotected sex but he usually pulls out in time unless we&#039;re trying to get pregnant. Every now and then he doesn&#039;t pull soon enough and I have to take the pill for safe measure. It truly works. Some side effects I typically experience are: nausea, heavy or late periods, prolonged periods (up to 14 days long), sore/tender breasts, and cramps. I also get super moody and very impatient. Although they aren&#039;t the most pleasant, it&#039;s worth it if you&#039;re not planning on have a baby. It works. This last time I took it a little after 48 hours of having sex, 3 days before I ovulated and we&#039;re in the clear :) good luck"
"I am 27 years old and I had blood pressure of 150/100, around the high range for a few days at the very least but within 2 hours of taking Norvasc 5g my BP dropped to around 128/86.  
I have just taken this once in my life."
"I was taking amlodopine for high blood pressure and I had bad side affects which were blood in urine psychotic bad temper feeling sick all the time bringing up mucous feeling dizzy."
"In one month Axiron brought my T levels from around 200, to 456 (at last check). Applying is a piece of cake &amp; I honestly feel great. Sex life and overall mood has noticeably increased. I look forward to applying Axiron in the morning &amp; it has truly changed my life."
"Methadone/Methadose saved my life.  I was taking 3-6 Oxycontin a day intravenously.  Ever since I went to the clinic and started taking methadone/dose I no longer have cravings, or symptoms of withdrawal.  I can finally live again, and not hurt the ones I love."
"After 4 days of thinking I had a severe cold, I was diagnosed with Bronchitis (possible walking pneumonia) at the Urgent Care. Was prescribed Proair and Clarathromycin 500mg. I was also given Musinex to help loosen the mucus. I started with the first dose at 9 pm and by the next morning I felt a whole lot better. It works really fast! I like the fact it doesn&#039;t smell like smelly hard boiled eggs like some other antibiotics, to me it smelled like Jordan almonds which I like :) I&#039;m on my third day and I can acually take a deep cleansing breath without any wheezing or coughing. I did not have any of the side effects except for being a little lathargic."
"I expressed extreme hair loss. This med causes two patches of hair to be missing. I will never take this med again. Do not recommend."
"Dymista is the only spray that keeps my sinuses unblocked. Without it I get sleep apnea and my hearing is affected. I also use a daily Nasal rinse. I&#039;ve tried other sprays, but Dymista is the only one that really works for me. It&#039;s $50 Australian, but lasts for a few months."
"I had an infection caused by cat bites &amp; scratches on my hand (my cat got caught in a vine by his tail and was in a complete panic; I freed him from the vine, however, during that process he latched onto my hand and bit and scratched - he is ok, thank goodness). I was prescribed this medication; it took time, yet it did work to eliminate the infection.  The side-effects of 2 pills/day of 875mg each (total/day = 1,750mg) for 10 days had a strong effect on me.  I did not follow-up with the hospital, which I should have done. I would emphasize that if anyone is to take that amount of this medication, to consult with their doctor when side effects are seen."
"I have always had really heavy periods and when I was in high school I thought I was normal even though I was changing a super tampon every hour. Turns out high school girls exaggerate about their symptoms. I went onto the pill when I was 18 to deal with the bleeding and upset guts. It helped a little but I still got upset guts and would bleed for a full 7 days (still using those super tampons). I have had the Mirena for 1&amp;1/2 months Granted I have only had one period since its been put in but it was a grand total of three days and I barely needed a panty liner for it. I had no upset guts. The only thing is if I have too much sugar (chocolate bar and a pop at the same time) I will get really bad gas pains. So I guess I just won&#039;t eat that much sugar anymore."
"I have been on this birth control for about a month and while I&#039;m aware that it&#039;s not long enough for the pill to really set in, I&#039;ve suffered major side effects that are important to know about. This pill is causing me to have a second period this month, and I&#039;m anemic, so it&#039;s making me feel extremely fatigued. It&#039;s also spiked very very severe depression and a loss of appetite."
"Amazing! I have been sick with Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Diarrhea for 5 years. Because of this I have been a stay at home mom those 5 years because I couldn&#039;t hold a job with my stomach issues. I have tried 4 different probiotics, Activia yogurt, pepper net extract pills, ginger pills, aloe juice and aloe pills. None have worked as effectively as this miracle pill after 2 days. I feel like a person again and not a toilet seat cover. I can now go to work because my kids are in school part time and I am not running to the bathroom. I have not experienced these side effects, only a little bloating. But I was always bloated anyway. I only hope this medicine has staying power and my body doesn&#039;t become used to it."
"I&#039;ve suffered with anxiety for years but finally came to a head a few years ago. Had some personal family issues that became overwhelming. I was always mad, sad, frustrated, you name it and that was me. My brain could not stop thinking about my problems. It was very tiring.
 I finally went to the doctor and he prescribed Zolft 25 mg. For the first few days I felt like brain waves going on in my head but no big deal. Within 2 weeks I started feeling happy! A few months later the doctor put me up to 50 mg. I felt the brain waves again for about 48 hours and then stopped. I&#039;ve been on Zolft for about one year. It was the best thing I could have done for myself. Oh I can still get mad or sad but not as severe or for as long."
"I previously gave this a 10. l said it changed my life but since moving cities my anxiety has gotten so bad and OCD has gotten worse - not sure if it pooped out or just circumstances or need to change meds...frustrating"
"I have a lot of pain from neck surgery and a list of back problems that have changed my life like so many of you understand. My problem is that I have taken 30 mg a day for 11 years and it just does not work anymore. I can&#039;t get a higher dose or a change that might help because its something new. It helped at first but I just want to stay home and do nothing. I feel hopeless for the future and just don&#039;t know what to do . No Dr. wants to give these drugs"
"Don&#039;t know what I would do without it."
"Wow! I am now a stud but I will be a broke stud very soon... works great! Never had hards so strong so frerquent that even lasted longer than ever before, but $101.00 for (3) 20 mg pills.....you better be rich if you want to be a stud!"
"This medication gave me my life back! I&#039;m 20, been dealing with chronic testicular and pelvic pain from a sports injury (I tore a muscle in my pelvis which radiates pain to the scrotum). I can&#039;t begin to describe how wonderful MS Contin works for my pain. I was on OxyContin 30 mg twice a day and it provided no relief. It was also outrageously expensive. My pain doctor switched me to MS Contin 30 mg twice a day and it&#039;s been a Godsend and a lifesaver! It brings my pain down from an 8/10 to a 4/10 and lower! I can now function throughout the day, work, go out places, and spend time with friends. It&#039;s affordable, no side effects, and it even gives me a lift!"
"I have Uveitis from an autoimmune condition called Behcets Syndrome.  I recently had a flare and was given this prescription.  It cost $234.00 at Walmart.  I have flares before and the general good ole Pred Forte does the same thing for TEN TIMES CHEAPER.  I can get Pred Forte for $25.  The bottle is bigger too.  This is another way the drug companies are bringing new products to market, selling the idea and even sometimes a commercial interest in pushing the drug to patients with a kickback.  You and my only recourse?  Writing reviews like this to protect unwary consumers.  Ask for the Pred Forte and save yourself and your insurance company some money.  I hate getting ripped off by people whom I trust."
"I found this drug had a very good effect. The only let down is it makes you put on weight."
"I&#039;ve been using adapalene 0.3% for 11 weeks now. I&#039;ve read other users&#039; reviews, &amp; it seems like people tend to negatively rate it due to the irritancy that occurs initially. You should expect irritancy when you first start using this. I&#039;ve experienced flaking, redness, &amp; itchiness, which have mostly subsided now. The right support products help minimize irritancy: a gentle, non-foaming cleanser, moisturizer, &amp; daily SPF are essential. Learn from my mistake: I used an AHA based product to help loosen the flakes, but it only exacerbated the irritation, so I&#039;d recommend avoiding chemical (&amp; physical) exfoliants until your skin seems well-adapted to adapalene. The bottom line: my skin is smooth &amp; acne-free after 11 weeks of use."
"Almost immediate relief within 24 - 48 hours for moderate to severe sinus infections.  I have experienced a temporary hearing loss that may be a side-effect."
"I got into a bad auto accident and got put on Oxycontin 40mg twice a day and it has been working great for months."
"I had a miscarriage August 2014 and September 2014 I had got on the shot to help with my periods but its not working. I started my period October 20th 2014 and still bleeding heavy November 5. I have headaches and the cramps are crazy never cramp or bleed this much."
"I picked up the equate 3 day on a Thursday as I had beginning signs of yeast infection: itching, irritation, slight white discharge.  First night, Thurs., took at bedtime. Next morning, Fri. woke up felt more irritated than before, slightly clumpy-maybe medicine with the discharge?  Showered, used external cream and felt somewhat better but by end of day felt itchy/irritated again.  Showered, inserted medicine and to bed.  Again awoke with same level of irritation, itchiness (Sat.) as previous morning...maybe everything clearing out?  Showered and used external cream again morning and afternoon.  Showered, took last dose and off to bed.  Sun. morning better with some irritation/itchiness but better as day continued and continued to be symptom free"
"Urticaria:-
I m 34 yrs old Indian male and working in UAE for past 3 yrs. Suddenly one day I developed hives and swelling on my lip then consulted a dermatologist and started to live with antihistamine tablet called Lezine.  All three reports blood, urine and stool were normal But these hives used to come in my body almost once in a month but they were not severe once. It used to be on thighs,legs and shoulders sometime in lip. I was not able to traces the reasons. I did a Ige component test it was expensive however this was also normal. Today I finally planned to go on Xolair injection took 2 shots same time I.e 300 ml thank god my insurance approved this expensive injection.

I will update you guys accordingly the effect."
"I&#039;m 31 yrs old- female. Been smoking 16 yrs about pack a day. I&#039;m still smoking and just started my 3rd week on Chantix however I feel I do NOT need cigarettes anymore.  Yesterday I smoked 1 cigarette and didn&#039;t enjoy any of it.  I find myself only smoking still so that I find it more disgusting and no longer will want it (in the future). I have 4 cigarettes left in pack and will NOT be buying anymore. I don&#039;t think about running outside every 30 mins to an hour. And when I do think about having one I actually get turned off and end up forgetting about it.  When I started Chantix I wasn&#039;t totally ready to quit but I&#039;m there now.  Side effects hit me about 2 weeks into it- mild constipation, quick to be irritable (but doesn&#039;t last) headaches (pain relievers help)."
"The first year was fine but now I&#039;m constantly bleeding have constant spots on my face which I&#039;ve never had. I have also gained a lot of weight inexplicably which just makes me constantly think it&#039;s baby weight which is not good at all! Better than the IUD by a long shot though"
"I recently switched from Wellbutrin XL to the generic form Budeprion XL to save money. After several weeks I realized the medication wasn&#039;t working like Wellbutrin XL. I&#039;m all for generics usually, but in this case, the generic drug doesn&#039;t work."
"I used to take Seldane (worked great) until they took it off of the market and replaced it with Allegra.

180mg dose of Allegra (NOT Allegra-D) does not provide all day relief if I spend extended time outdoors during allergy season.  However, 240mg dose works great.  240mg dose is one 180mg tablet (once daily) at start of day plus one 60mg tablet (12 hour product) before going outside.

"
"I have been given the Butrans patches and then I was taken off them due to a allergic reaction with them then I was put onto the 150 mcg of the Belbuca I was on that for months and I was being honest with the dr and told them that it wasn&#039;t helping with my pain so they upped it to the 300 mcg and left me on it for 2 months and still no relief. I just had a visit this month and I was just upped again and once again my unused meds are being flushed infront of me because I go to a pain clinic and am now taking 450 mcg and needless to say this junk still is not working. I have had shot after shot and have even had surgery I don&#039;t know what else to do. All I want is relief is that too much to ask? They claim this is the only thing they have."
"I have been on this pill for a month now. Before going on birth control I never experienced spotting. Now I have been experiencing it often. I haven&#039;t gained any weight. In fact since being on the pill I&#039;ve lost weight. I do sometimes feel nauseous but it has never been anything too severe. My doctor said these side effects usually go away after I&#039;ve been on it longer, so hopefully she is right!"
"I started taking this drug 5-6 years ago. At first, it made me really dizzy like I was going to pass out. It still makes me dizzy, but I had really bad insomniac where I would hear people when I was sleeping. Plus, I used to be anorexic. Like I was 60 65 lbs before taking this. I was on 30 mg of this drug and it made me throw up. I have always been tired even before taking this drug, so that doesn&#039;t bother me. I am now on 7.5 mg and it works great except that sometimes I cannot sleep. When I have alcohol on the weekends and at night I take this drug, I sleep really well. Sometimes I still feel dizzy but I do not feel like I could pass out. My hands have always shaked even before taking this pill."
"Started my 9 year old on this medication at the end of last school year. Everything was great! For the first time I could remember I had a sweet loving caring little boy. Fast forward to August my son started to show what we believed to be TICS. Eye rolling, facial tensing, head jerks, teeth chomping, sniffing nose. He also complains of a stomach ache, headaches, and blurred vision. We upped the medication a week or so ago to see if it would take these side effects away but they seem to be getting worse! Doctor said TICS should dissipate a few weeks after school began. But still nothing. They are starting to become painful to him. ANYONE ELSE HAVE THIS PROBLEM?? it was such a great medication and its so hard to find something that works"
"This medicine made me feel a million times worse than without any allergy medicine at all. It felt like I was having a severe allergic reaction to Xyzal which is supposed to help alleviate allergy symtoms, not cause more severe symptoms. I really hope it didn&#039;t cause any long-term harm."
"Started to have severe vomiting &amp; diarreah after just one pill. Spent the day in bed. Tired another pill the next day, same thing could not eat or drink without throwing up or having to use the bathroom. Stopped taking pills immediately after this. Will try and get better on my own. Lost 5 lbs in 2 days, which I did not need to lose."
"I I&#039;ve taken Ambien, and now the generic, for 10 or 11 years. I usually took it only when sleeping away from home. The last month, or so, I&#039;ve needed it every night to fall asleep. I always try to fall asleep on my own first but it has become increasingly difficult. I have absolutely no side effects and never have had. I never get out of bed during the night and feel totally refreshed when I wake in the morning. I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it."
"We used the generic form of this medicine for a quick 3-day visit to the Rocky Mountains, to prevent altitude sickness since we were time crunched and unable to acclimate slowly.  It helped us both sleep, avoided getting ill and suppressed our appetites.  We did feel some very slight dizziness/lightheadedness when we first started it, but were able to pretty much ignore it. I highly recommend it if you will be unable to acclimate - your trip will not be spoiled by getting sick."
"I&#039;ve been on it for a few days now in an attempt to get off Zoloft. I&#039;ve been diagnosed with depression and anxiety as a result of PMDD. Today I took a very low dose while tapering off Zoloft and its not pleasurable at all. I&#039;m nauseous, extreme dry mouth and severe anxiety. I work with the public and felt so jittery that I couldn&#039;t work. I am willing to tough it out with some support and compassion from my family, friends and co-workers but I don&#039;t like feeling like something is controlling my ability to function. I really hope it improves."
"I have suffered from a double fusion on my lumbar spine since 2006. I have tried every known pain medicine in the book with no success until the doctor prescribed the last and only medicine that actually worked, OxyContin. "
"I was prescribed this for birth control because I didn&#039;t like the weight I gained on Yaz, but it was a mistake. For weeks I had horrible headaches to the point where I couldn&#039;t think, and then had terrible mood swings. Effective as a contraceptive, because I didn&#039;t get pregnant, but I was confused as to why I didn&#039;t feel like myself at all. After I figured out that it was probably Kariva, I stopped immediately.  I had no clue birth control pills could make me that crazy! After a month, I felt much better. Not taking this ever again."
"Right after taking Macrobid for my urinary tract infection I started feeling sick and really tired. When I went to lay down I had vomiting. Macrobid works but the side effects are terrible."
"I have used Advil to treat my gout for years.  I start off with 3 when there&#039;s pain, then 2 every 6 hours throughout the 1st day.  Beyond that, I keep it within the recommended dosage of no more than 1200/day and I typically do that much for the first 3-5 days after an attack occurs.  I use the rapid release kind or it doesn&#039;t work at all."
"I&#039;ve had the mirena IUD for 5 months now and so far I&#039;ve loved it!! I haven&#039;t had any weight gain or acne symptoms that everyone talks about in their reviews. I bled for maybe three days after the procedure and haven&#039;t had a period since. The procedure sucks but its bearable. It felt like intense cramping for maybe a minute then it&#039;s over. I suggest taking 800mg of ibuprofen before and after because I did have cramps and dizziness for the whole day. I switched to mirena from oral BC because oral BC made me absolutely crazy (crying at every little thing, irrational, emotional, blowing up at people for no reason, ect) ladies DON&#039;T LET THE REVIEWS SCARE YOU because every body reacts differently.. you truly have to try it out for yourself!!"
"I have found the Nucynta ER 150 mg to work well on my  Reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD) (or Complex Regional Pain Syndrome -  CRPS) in conjunction with a compound medication to give it a little extra kick, but it does not touch my severe arthritis pain I have in my ankle joints."
"So I just used this product today. I had never had a yeast infection before but I really needed to get rid of it. I&#039;m at college and couldn&#039;t wait to go to the doctor. I will admit that my vagina is extremely itchy and uncomfortable. The thing is I don&#039;t have any more yeast looking stuff around my vaginal area all that is there is the medicine itself. While I&#039;m in a lot of discomfort this product does work. You just need to live through the pain and get rid of the infection"
"After taking Lexapro for around 2 1/2 years I weaned myself off about 4 months ago.  The biggest side effect while going off of it was a feeling of electric shock in my head.  It was a super fast thing and only lasted for a super short second, but it would occur at random times throughout the day.  After awhile though, I got used to the &#039;shocks&#039; and knew they would be over in a short second and just lived with it.  I need to state that I did this very slowly, gradually decreasing my doses over a period of about 3 months.  NOT a quick process.  Initially I felt WONDERFUL after discontinuing this drug, but now, months later the depression has crept back."
"Girls, I PROMISE YOU THIS WORKS. I&#039;m a teenager, I was freaking out like crazy &amp; kept crying about the thought of being pregnant. I had sex the 24th of March, took it 30 mins afterwards. 5 days later I got my &quot; period &quot; it isn&#039;t your actual period, just blood shedding, it was brown &amp; light . This is a normal side effect, then I got lower abdominal pain for about 2 days &amp; cramping for a few days. I was supposed to get my period the 11th, got it the 17th (today) AS LONG AS YOU TAKE IT WITHIN 24 HRS. YOU ARE FINE LOVES!!  Try not to stress!!! The waiting was extremely hard but in the end , you will be fine, I promise!!! P.S PLAN B ONE STEP MESSED UP YOUR CYCLE, Do NOT freak out if it&#039;s late! I got mine 5 days late!"
"TO ANYONE FOR WHOM THIS HAS NOT WORKED WELL:  this didn&#039;t work for me at all...until I trimmed my armpit hair significantly. Try it! I did not shave it as I knew this would cause serious irritation. I just used hair trimming shears and trimmed it down to basically nothing. Now this has gone from doing nothing to working almost perfectly.  Before you give up hope (and I know how hopeless this condition makes one feel) give this a shot; I assume it works because the medicine is absorbed better."
"Started Skelaxin for muscle spasms in low back, upper back and neck. My first try at taking it I took it 3x/day for a couple of days and on next visit to Dr. told her that I could not take it on a routine basis like that due to the sleepiness. She told me to take it on an as needed basis. I also tried it just at bedtime and thought it was that which was making me so terribly hard to wake up the next morning. So I stopped that. But within the last week I must have strained the muscles in my lower back, I was having terrible pain and tenseness in my upper back. Also for the past few nights I have fallen asleep on the couch sitting up and developed horrible pain in my neck. I decided to try it again while others were around and it has been working."
"I had Implanon inserted in Summer 2009. I bled almost constantly for the first 3 months, and I almost gave up. I also noticed that I would get headaches if I didn&#039;t eat a good breakfast. The headaches stopped when the long bleeding stopped. My acne is a little harder to control now that I&#039;m on Implanon, but its not bad. Now I have light, 3-4 day periods, usually more than a month apart. No weight gain, I&#039;ve been skinny my whole life though. No need to use a condom! My long term boyfriend and I really like Implanon, it really is a &#039;no worries&#039; method for us."
"
This is the worst medication ever.  Started at 25mg for 7 days at night then moved up to 50 mg. on night 7 to advance each week up until100mg.   Didn&#039;t get past day12 and decided this was not going to work for me.  Vertigo, nausea, loss of appetite, irrational fears, phobias, drug induced fog, depression, ringing in ears and can only smell certain strange odors which are unpleasant and all carbonated drinks are flat and tasteless.   At this point, your quality of life is beyond worthless.  

It helped with migraines...but I was so preoccupied and sick with side effects I&#039;m not sure what was worse."
"So far, so good.  I haven&#039;t been on it very long but I definitely feel like my overall quality of life has improved.  Mild headache and nausea the first week or two, which went away.  I still get sad, when sad things happen, but it no longer feels overwhelming. The &quot;doom and gloom&quot; is definitely gone. 

I take 2 a day, in the morning."
"I found the generic Greenstone Brand 250mg tablet, NDC 59762-3060-1 to not be effective! In the past I have taken the brand name Zithromax Z-Pak and by the third dose I knew I was recovering from my illness. Since starting the GS brand I have experienced unusual tiredness, voice hoarseness, &amp; an increase in a stuffy, mucus filled nose. Completed RX as instructed, not improved any.  I feel it should be pulled from the insurance companies list of generic azithromycins!!"
"I had sex with my boyfriend the day after my period ended, the condom broke and he ejaculated inside of me. We immediately ran to the nearest pharmacy to buy the plan b pill after we discovered what had happened. I took it within an hour of the incident. 7 days later I started bleeding, it felt like a period because it lasted for about 6 days, but this was only plan b helping me shed my uterine lining to prevent the fertilized egg from attaching to my uterine wall. I had my period 4 weeks later. Plan b works, don&#039;t worry that much if you&#039;ve followed the instructions and took it within 72 hours of unprotected sex."
"I&#039;ve been using CARBAMAZEPINE 200mg twice a day for about two years. It does a good job in limiting the amount of pain I have with Trigeminal Neuralgia. I found it best to take the medication regularly. If I skip days when I am not having problems the pain will be right back and it will take several days to get it back under control. I&#039;ve tried GABAPENTIN 300mg and OXCARBAZEPINE 150mg but they did not help. The CARBAMAZEPINE makes me tired and sleepy but that is a lot better than the pain."
"Cleared my symptoms in 24 hours after 2 days in the hospital with levaquin iv, which did nothing."
"Very good for helping with migraines but if you&#039;re prone to weight gain, be careful or reconsider.  I have gained about 30 pounds in 5 months.  I struggle with depression so gaining weight is not something that I&#039;m dealing with in a good way.  It came on very quickly and I was already overweight...(Just a word of warning about the weight gain)."
"I am so thankful I found this site before I took my first taste! The taste was awful - cherry-flavored sea-water. Thank you to the writer who suggested sugar-covered lemon wedges! That really helped! I sucked a sugar-coated lemon wedge, took as big a sip as I could handle, and sucked on the lemon wedge again (even wiped my tongue with it). Needed about four lemon wedges for each of the doses. I do drink water fairly willingly, but 32 ounces beyond the 16 needed for the diluted solution was really tough. I used nearly the entire hour to finish getting the prescribed water. With the first dose, I started to experience cramps after about 35 minutes. I found that doing knee-lifts helped fight the cramping."
"This little wafer gave me life back ! I use to suffer every week ,at least one attack.Not only does this kill the feeling of my brain bursting through my skull but stops the vomiting . Saved my life ,I felt I couldn&#039;t continue my life with such a disabilitating condition."
"Have had a sinus infection for two weeks with a round of azithromycin that didn&#039;t work. My doctor prescribed Avelox and I was pretty scared after reading some of the side effects others have had. I&#039;m on day 4 and my sinus infection is so much better and the coughing from my bronchitis is almost gone.  So much better!  Only side effect is not being able to fall asleep."
"This medication is great for my chronic back pain. I have been on the same dose for over two years and it helped me get through most of the day just on two 20mg pills. Lately it has stopped working as well and I am having a lot of breakthrough pain as the OXycontin is extended release and from it working for almost 6 hours per dose it now only helps for about 2 hours. It is great if you are also given something for breakthrough pain but I cannot imagine being off of it to be honest. I have had severe chronic lower back pain due to a pinched nerve which causes shooting pain that goes up and down my spine and even causes my legs to go numb. I also have carpal tunnel in my right hand and fibromyalgia. Overall this medication has been very helpful."
"3rd month, 3rd post
I am happy to report that the getting 1-2 pimples every single day, HAS STOPPED! I am so happy. I originally started this pill to get less break outs/nopregnancy. I went from getting 2-3 pimples before my cycle break out to getting 2-3 EVERY day the moment I started this pill. Has been very difficult, but accepted that the pill is a shock to your syndrome and it takes months for your body to adjust, to just stick it out. I am on my 2nd wk of month 3 and I have only gotten ONE new pimple. All the red marks left on my face from the constant breakouts, are almost completely gone. Not to mention, I have always considered myself very emotionally aware/stable, but this pill has mellowed me out to a whole new level. Love it!"
"I have had the Implanon for three months now, the first month nothing happened, the second month I had severe mood swings &#039;pretend periods&#039; (acts like I&#039;m about to get it but nothing) and no sex drive whatsoever. The third month the mood swings left, &#039;pretend periods&#039; gone. Sex drive off and on. Now I just got my period, had it for two weeks now. Mild cramping, its all spotting. I had horrifying painful periods before that were irregular, horrible. So far this birth control has been worth it. I recommend it. I don&#039;t have a scar..only mild bruising and I can&#039;t lay on my arm or put pressure on it or it&#039;ll feel weird or hurt."
"It always gets the job done soon when you first start taking the medication."
"The pros for this pill are that it did lighten my period which is what I was looking for since I have fibroids which make my cycles heavier than normal. Also, I didn&#039;t get migraines with these pills like I did with some other birth control pills. Now to the cons.  Within a few months of taking this pill I have picked up 14 pounds!!!! My moods are horrible and my sex drive is low. I tend to feel down a lot more than usual as well. I was also very very tired all the time. No matter how much sleep I got or how well I ate, my energy was just gone. I decided to switch after the last pack of pills. They just didn&#039;t agree with my body."
"I&#039;m 25 yrs old, I got my Implanon inserted 02/08/2008, it been 19 months. When I first got it, there was a lot of bleeding, I didn&#039;t like it. My periods were like clock work before insertion, But when I got the Implanon it was out of whack. But I guess my body had to get used to this new foreign body inside of me. It&#039;s different for everyone. I&#039;m not having the problem with weight gain, or hair loss, but I do get headaches and my breast are sore sometimes. I like it because I&#039;m not worried about contraception. But like I say it different for everyone, my periods are normal now. I&#039;m dealing with the side effects, better than another kid."
"I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon since April of 2016 for birth control. I haven&#039;t gotten any periods (which is awesome) although as of lately, I have been spotting a little bit. HOWEVER, my biggest complaint is that it DOES make you gain weight. While on the pills, I never had a weight issue, then I made the mistake of switching to the Depo-Provera shot (got it only once) then the implant (12 weeks or so after the implant) and that&#039;s when I blew up (25lbs or so). It is all about control because it does increase your appetite, but I&#039;m looking forward to getting this sucker removed and returning the good ol&#039; pills. While it does in fact, prevent pregnancy, I think I&#039;ll take my chances with the pills."
"Made me dizzy and lightheaded."
"I took this medication for 7 years on and off. I would always try to taper off and be free of it but I always ended up going back to the point that I NEEDED it. I had side effects of being sleepy constantly, and gaining 30 lbs. But I did feel better overall. I&#039;ve been off of it for a year now and debating going back on it."
"This cream is not perfect by any means, but it is the only cream that has significantly reduce my redness within a short time."
"Worst drug ever-- I am usually not allergic to any drug but I Just took it for 2 days and have the worst body pain, muscle soreness, feverishness. The list of long term side effects from this drug is appalling. As a scientist and cancer biologist I usually take extra caution as to what drugs I consume but the side effects of this drug is scary and having experienced it first hand I am stopping it just after two days of use. My face is still dry and has acne and I am close to 40. Hopefully a topical cream will help- definitely not solodyn!"
"I was taking Geodon with Cymbalta and Clonazepam.  I was hospitalized 4 times in a year! Never has that happened  (I go inpatient maybe every 3-5 year&#039;s for a med adjustment). They kept increasing Cymbalta and Geodon.  I believe my last increase had me at 100mg of Geodon.  Not only did it MAKE me act bi-polar,  I also had full body tremors 24/7, heart palpitations and tachycardia  (mainly at bedtime). The last episode lasted 3 hour&#039;s.  I iced my body (to lower core temperature), took very deep breaths and massaged the main artery, left side of the neck. I was about to call 911 when it finally stopped. I seriously thought I was dying! I wouldn&#039;t recommend Geodon for anyone who doesn&#039;t require a mood stabilizer based on diagnosis."
"Bad. Way to many Side effects and effects on too many neurotransmitters. Awful. Interacted with my clonidine and tagamet. Put me in hospital. Rather be depressed"
"I am suffering from burning pain in my body.  I was on the Fentanyl patch for 15 years.  That gave me complete relief.  Because of drug issues in  my state, I tapered off of Fentanyl in Feb.  I don&#039;t think that Lyrica was around before I started the patch.  Since the burning pain came back, I was put on Lyrica.  It certainly helped and I can live somewhat pain free.  Now the doctor has refused to give me a script for Lyrica because he is afraid of repercussions from authorities.  I will have to find another doctor.  I am dependent on anything that will take this pain away and I hope I can find a doctor who will give me Lyrica again.  It is not giving me a good reputation to be constantly changing doctors."
"I really like it almost had it for 3 years. Didn&#039;t gain any weight. I lost my period the first 7 months then got it back, the period can be long or can be short, sometimes heavy but usually light. I do get emotional and have mood swings. I thinks it works great and plus you don&#039;t forget and works for 3 years."
"I took Bonine for sea sickness prevention. In the middle of the night, I had a seizure and was hospitalized for one day."
"Did not work at all for my neck spasms. Itmade me feel tired and dizzy with NO pain relief at all."
"Severe Shortness of Breath, Stomach pain, Blurred Vision, Headache, extreme weakness, Tinnitus, Feeling Faint,"
"Took 1 8mg Cardura daily.  Experienced dizziness and nausea for the first 3 days but later adjusted to the medication and  maintained pressure around 120/80.  On doctor&#039;s advise, Cardura discontinued and replaced with alternative medication due to  excessively fast pulse/heart rate up to 100/s after 6 months on Cardura"
"My 8 year old son was put on Invega 3 mg and then moved up to 6 mgs a day. About 1 1/2 months ago after gaining too much weight on risperdone. He gets the dosage on time daily but since starting Invega he has had the worse uncontrollable muscle spasms/twitches. He is constantly twitching his arms, neck and head without knowing he is doing it. Also he has started making vocal noises (random humming) without noticing he is doing it.  I was really hoping the Invega would work but I think in our case the side effects are too much to accept so he will be switching again today."
"I started this pill when I got my period about 2 weeks ago, but since have had spotting literally every single day. I know it&#039;s supposed to prevent pregnancy being a birth control pill, but I didn&#039;t realize the method was preventing you from having sex because of continuous bleeding? Questioning my doctors sanity for prescribing this pill."
"Actos 15mg   Metformin 850 mg works for me for almost 3 months now. Before I have fbs of 185 and 225 after meal. Now, almost everyday I prick, I got around 90 and 100 before and after meal. Better take these meds before breakfast."
"This was my first birth control medication and I had a pretty rough time with it. I thought it would help clear up my acne. I didn&#039;t have acne issues whatever before taking this medication and it just completely made me break out like never before. Also, I&#039;m not much of an emotional person at all and had major mood swings and sometimes depression. Yes, it did serve it&#039;s purpose by preventing pregnancy, it did help regulate my period, and my cramps weren&#039;t as bad, however my face is literally a pepperoni face. I just got off of it 2 weeks ago and my face is starting to clear up and I&#039;m not moody anymore. For a 19 year old college student, you definitely don&#039;t want to have acne and mood swings. I would not recommend taking this AT ALL."
"for several years I had SEVERE night time leg cramps.  They got so bad that the veins in my legs would bulge out of my skin from my toes to my groin area.  I would be unable to walk so my husband would help me to the tub where he would have it filled with the hottest water I could tolerate, which really helped a lot, and I would take 2 OTC leg cramp pills.  But the veins popping ou got so severe my husband took me to the Dr. (Again!) and we explained about the veins popping out.  He sat there for a moment and then like a light bulb came on he said &quot; Let&#039;s try something.  I&#039;m going to put you on a channel blocker and let&#039;s see if that helps.&quot;  That was 2 years ago and I no longer get 
leg cramps where the veins are popping out!"
"I absolutely am amazed by Xifaxan.  After suffering from IBS symptoms for years (you know, wake up with flat stomach, go to bed looking 7 months pregnant, in addition to painful cramps, horrid gas etc...), the Xifaxan eliminated my symptoms in a matter of days. My bad flatulence disappeared. Bloating..gone. Lost a few pounds to boot. Unfortunately, after two rounds in Sept-Oct, my symptoms were back in December. If I could, I would take Xifaxan every day.  Insurance is not cooperative.  After 24 hours on this latest round, my bloating is well diminished and my low back pain is better (maybe because when IBS symptoms aren&#039;t bad, I can more easily contract my abdominals)."
"I am annoyed to the nines that the medicine they prescribed to me for my broken ankle -broken in 3 places with a need for surgery - is also prescribed for sprains and hurt wrists and dental work. I am in so much pain that I cannot sleep. I have a decently high pain tolerance, and this is ridiculous. My body is shaking from the pain of just resting my leg, and this medicine is doing absolutely nothing."
"I was on Yaz but the problem with it is that it causes breakthrough bleeding and has a higher rate of cysts.  Sprintec is very effective and regulates the period the best so far.  HOWEVER, my acne has worsened a lot.  If you don&#039;t have acne, I&#039;d recommend it."
"I&#039;ve been on viorele for the past year and a half. At first, it was great! It got rid of my cramps, it regulated my period, and it worked in respects to preventing pregnancy, but for the past 6 months, I experienced a severe decrease in my libido, almost it was nonexistent. When I did want to have sex, I experienced severe pain, which I didn&#039;t experience prior. I was agitated and my anxiety and depression were worse. I&#039;m now looking for a different birth control."
"This is the second medication I&#039;ve taken for urinary incontinence and it doesn&#039;t work very well for me."
"I took one tablet 12 hours ago and have been feeling very sick ever since. My nose is running, coughing and feeling terrible as if I had a bad cold. Not taking any more!"
"I started on 8/8/15 at 257lbs, tomorrow will be 2 weeks I have been on it and I&#039;m down to 240lbs, that&#039;s down 17lbs!! I work out 4 to 5 times a week,  walking 3 miles or the elliptical for 45 mins. I have cut out all sweets as I noticed foods with a lot of sugar make me shaking while one the pills. I have like no appetite, but make myself eat at least 3 times a day,  I mostly eat fruits and veggies when I do eat. I drink about 8 bottles of water a day due to dry mouth and excessive sweating when working out.   I have only found 2 side effects dry mouth and constipation which I take a stool softener every morning to help with."
"I was on it for almost a year it helped enough I thought I was fine and stopped taking it. Once I was off I hit a low and was put back on it on a higher dose. I&#039;ve been on it now for a year and all together nearly 2 and half. It does help but that doesn&#039;t mean there aren&#039;t still days that are bad and times I don&#039;t feel crappy. But it has made a big enough difference that I&#039;m not trying to hurt myself or kill myself which is good!"
"I have been taking xyrem for nearly 10 years.  It has changed my life for the better.  I don&#039;t mix it with water; I just take it straight twice a night.  I am on 3.75 mg 2x per night.  I stay on a pretty strict sleep schedule even on the weekend."
"I put off my first colonoscopy for 15 years (mostly due to the barbaric prep) until today, and I&#039;m glad. I had an endoscopy 30 years ago with IV Valium and it was a dreadful experience. I went in to this with extreme apprehension and the nurses kept telling me things have improved a lot. Wow! They were right! Propofol made it so much easier. I went to sleep, never had even a fuzzy hint of the procedure, and I was dressed and leaving 20 minutes after it was over. I&#039;m so grateful."
"I was so worried about getting it fitted that the first time, when the nurse had only just starting going into my cervix and I could start feeling uncomfortable I chickened out. However I tried again, took a few more pain killers and went to a different place where the doctor was very experienced fitting coils on childless women like me and the nurse was lovely and held my hand and chatted throughout. It wasn&#039;t comfortable but it wasn&#039;t horrible either. I have some period type cramping and spotting for a few days and everything was fine, I even went for a run on day 3 after the fitting. My periods are slightly heavier than when I was on the pill but they are the same as when I wasn&#039;t on any contraceptive. I love it and highly recommend."
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon since 08 of 15. It&#039;s terrible! Some days I&#039;m having a migraine, and my body goes numb or tingles  it&#039;s not just my hands that fall asleep it&#039;s my feet and legs too. I went from a score of 10 on my depression test to a straight 25. I haven&#039;t had a period in 8 1/2 months! So many pregnancy scares. My sex drive is so low, and I&#039;m extremely hormonal. I&#039;m a huge douche bag to my boyfriend and I don&#039;t even notice it. I&#039;m ALWAYS tierd. I sleep 8 1/2 hours a night. No naps, no nothing. It sucks because I&#039;ve been having serve back pains. Like a pinched nerve or something. I don&#039;t know. I went to my GP and she told me I should wait to take it out. I got angry and stormed out. I&#039;ve gained 40 pounds in 10 months. I want it out."
"I would not recommend this pill whatsoever. I went on it and the only pro was a four day period, basically no period at all, just brown, also barely any cramps. But when it comes to cons the list is huge- I&#039;ve stayed a steady weight my whole life after taking this pill my weight has sky rocketed, sever bipolar mood swings, acne all the time, and anxiety all the time. I was going to deal with it but after a year I decided I just can&#039;t do it anymore. I am just going to deal with my period by itself."
"I have been on Nora for about 8 mos. It has been a positive experience. 
Everyone is different; the way hormones affect you will be different; I felt that on combo pills with estrogen (particularly the 2 years I spent on Microgestin, yikes), I experienced consistent depression, anxiety, weight gain. I just think the way estrogen affects MY body/brain is not good. So i tried a progestin only pill.

Negatives: your period is (somewhat) inconsistent. mine has still been a normal period, 4-5 days, it&#039;s just not as easy to plan as combo pill. 
I do miss being able to skip periods like on the combo pills, but not feeling emotional all the time is worth it.
Have to take pill at same time daily within an hour or so. Set an alarm, and it&#039;s easy!"
"Used it for migraines, it knocks you out but you wake up headache free."
"I&#039;m not certain how I should typically feel being on a pill, since this is my first time.  It&#039;s been 5 days and last night was the worst. I take my pill about 12 pm everyday but towards the end of the day I&#039;m feeling so nauseous, also developed a lot of headaches; which is not normal for me and, there was some tenderness in my breasts. Not sure how to feel or if I should change pill to a lower dosage of estrogen!!"
"Worst experience of an entire 4 weeks! This was the first time I took an oral contraceptive and I regret it. I&#039;ve had terrible mood swings. One minute I&#039;m fine, then the next I&#039;m arguing and angry with everyone and everything. I&#039;ve also gained weight. Sex life hasn&#039;t been disrupted, however being deeply depressed ruins it anyways. I&#039;m usually happy and alert, however on Zarah I&#039;ve been tires and sleepy. Can&#039;t wait to finally stop this and try another brand."
"I have a severe phobia of public speaking and major physiological signs and symptoms when doing so.  I would have a pounding heart, sweat, shaking hands, and a trembling voice, and my mind would even go completely blank.  In my career, I had to speak in public on a regular basis and I lived in fear of each speaking event.  I was prescribed propranolol to take an hour before I had to do any public speaking and it helped me out tremendously.  I had no physiological symptoms at all while speaking.  It is a miracle. I highly recommend propranolol for this indication."
"I gave have severe depression for 15+ years and I&#039;ve been on everything. Viibryd was great at first but at full dose of 40mg I have plateaued. I am more stable mood wise still struggling. I had high hopes and in general it&#039;s great due to the fewer side effects."
"I have been on flecainide for around 25 years now. It controls my condition well and have no side effects so far."
"It really makes most of the pain go away it takes a little bit for them to work but I&#039;m on a low dose"
"I suffer panic disorder that limits my social interactions to the point that I can not leave the home or see anyone, been suffering from this since childhood, I am now 32 furthermore I have been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. I have taken many types of medication including venlalic (venlafaxine) which I have been taking for over 12 years (225mg daily) I was told about pregabalin from a friend and asked my Psychiatrist if I could start them, she agreed to start me on 75mg twice daily, the first couple of days I felt like I had drank a few beers as my balance was off and also things seemed funny to me ( in a good way ) that soon subsided. Pregabalin has been the best thing I have ever been on, just hope it carries on working !"
"Did nothing for my delusions and hearing voices. It only made me twitchy, unable to sleep, agitated and gave me extreme tremor. On only 5 mg. I much prefer olanzapine, more effective with milder side effects."
"Wow. A pa prescribed this for me in addition with 150 mgs of Zoloft. It&#039;s a life changer. Sometimes i have restless legs and a slight headache but I&#039;ll take that over depression and loss of interest any day! I sleep so good and am just generally a happy person. I was prescribed it for sleep but it does much more than that! If you&#039;re looking for great restful sleep or even an anti depressant booster...look no further!"
"I was prescribed risperdal for schizophrenia ages 12-16 around 10 years ago now and it&#039;s a huge reason as to how I was able to stay in public school. Other people still noticed I was &quot;different&quot; but it did wonders for both visual and auditory hallucinations, racing thoughts, and paranoia. It never could fully help my delusions though. I gained a bit of weight, but what ultimately led me to no longer take the medication was the zombifying effect it had and how I felt it changed my personality. Might be okay for others though."
"Zanaflex is &quot;the best&quot; muscle relaxer besides Xanax.  It will dry your mouth out but the good outweighs that.  This will put you to sleep in  30-45 minutes.  No hangovers and memory loss and getting up in middle of night and eating like Ambien makes you.  Can take 1/2 during day when required for tight, knotty, hard muscles that hurt so bad from multiple bad surgeries."
"75 mg made me uncoordinated, cross-eyed and VERY sleepy.  Did help the neuropathy but went back to gabapentin on which I have no side effects at 200mg x 3 a day.  It doesn&#039;t completely take the tingling away, but enough so that I can work."
"I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend and he came inside and we were both terrified. My period was 2 weeks late and him and I were freaking out planning around college and stuff for a kid. Thank God I eventually got my period. Overall this drug has saved me a lot. The worst part is the cost. I did have side effects of major bloating...like, so bad, and I run 5 miles daily. It also made me have symptoms that felt like I was on my period; tired, craving chocolate, moody, and I never threw up, but felt very nauseous at times. I did have a couple dizzy spells, but just pushed through it. Just get through the crappy side effects and you&#039;ll be fine. :)"
"The prep was for my wife who has chronic migraines.  A look at the ingredients reveals it contains Aspartame, which can trigger migraines."
"First week down... Have had it at time night time so I can sleep through the nausea.. Not hungry as much and full for longer also no sugar cravings. Had it this morning and notice the fatigue.. No weight loss this week even with a clean diet! Hoping this works as I have a thyroid condition and my weight is not shifting.. When should I expect the scales to move??"
"I was prescribed Paxil for depression/anxiety and it caused me to become shaky. My hands would shake, I would bounce my legs while sitting but the worst was the blurry vision! These side effects lasted about ten days after stopping the medication. "
"Dissolves very quickly compared to other sub-lingual tablets that I have taken - tastes horrible though! I have experienced no negative side effects, and it has definitely elevated my mood and taken away the &quot;shadows&quot; and some of the &quot;noises&quot; that accompany my diagnosis....overall seems to be much better than the last two meds I was prescribed (Lamictal and Abilify). I give it a ten!"
"Before starting Provenge my PSA was at 4.85 after the three Provenge infusions my PSA elevated and was at 40.3. There was no significant side effects, maybe slight fatigue, but the final results were not satisfactory at all."
"I went to a new dermatologist because my acne is out of control.  I&#039;ve had acne for 10 years and this is the worst it has ever been.  He gave me Acanya for the morning and it stings so bad I could cry.  My face turns red, it&#039;s tight, burning, and not improving.  I&#039;ve been using Acanya for almost a week, I know results might take longer.  As for now, I am not happy. Just be warned, it is very drying and can make your day uncomfortable."
"I have been on both a 5 day cruise and just returned from a 7 day cruise. Was introduced to Bonine on first cruise by a friend, also on the cruise, who provided the Bonine for all 4 &quot;cruisers&quot;; not one got seasick. This last 7 day cruise, I took my 14 yr old daughter who also did not get sick. It did make me a little drowsy so I skipped it one morning we were in port for the day. I forgot to take it when I re-boarded the boat and was feeling woozy and remembered I hadn&#039;t taken it that morning. I popped the Bonine and immediately felt fine. Have not heard of any friends being successful with prescribed seasick meds, and not one complaint taking the Bonine. Thank you Bonine for a fabulous 7 days!"
"I took 20mg Prozac from age 16 to 27 to make sure my anxiety and depression didn&#039;t interfere with being successful in high school and college. The 20mg completely got rid of my anxiety and depression. This dose, however, was too stimulating causing loopiness, decreased concentration in conversations, hyperactivity, and extended laughing spells over silly things. This dose also made it very difficult to orgasm and numbed up my emotions where it was difficult to feel whether I was in love with someone or not when dating. I did not realize these side effects until I finally got off Prozac at age 27, could feel my emotions, and discover my true personality off meds. Orgasms great now."
"I initially went to the doctor for ED and found out I had diabetes.  I have used Viagra on and off for the past year and it works great within 30-60 min. I was given samples of 2 other medicines and they did not work as fast or as well. Just waiting on the price of Viagra to go down. "
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for about 2 weeks. So far I have been spotting every single day and have been breaking out with pimples on my face. No sign in weight gain. Will keep y&#039;all updated as I progress in my birth control journey."
"Worked well if only taken occasionally."
"I have been taking 50mg of Zoloft (generic) for almost a week now and have noticed increased fatigue and little to no difference in my mood. I am constantly tired and indifferent to everything, though I do realize it takes time for the medicines to kick in.  I was on Paxil for a month beforehand and felt no effect.  Hopefully Zoloft will do the trick. "
"Had an erythrodermic flare from usual 20-25% plaque coverage (which is gone) 7 weeks ago. Red &amp; flaking from top of my head to tops of my feet. (2nd such flare in 25 yrs). My derm Dr prescribed 25 mg soriatane daily; GP prescribed lipitor (20 mgs) for cholesterol/liver. Now almost clear on face, legs &amp; torso tho lips are still peeling (apply Aquaphor several times/day), some flaking on arms; redness subsiding esp. on face. Feet &amp; hands exhibited worst swelling &amp; still somewhat red. Fingertips peeling - use mineral oil at night w/ cloth gloves. Soaking bath (@least 1 hr) in oatmeal every other day w/ Aquaphor after lite towel dry to reduce flaking. 14 oz water 6x &amp; bottle of Gatorade daily; 1000 mgs of D3 at night. Use cough lozenges for dry throat."
"The Suprep has been easier all around  than the large volume of liquid in my one and only other colonoscopy prep.  I drank the whole 16 ounces in one steady gulping, and chased with a jolly rancher.  I had to wait 90 minutes for any effect, but then it came.  It was pretty thorough, but the main part was over in 30 minutes, followed by a few trips to the BR, but with ample warning.  My second round at 1 AM went down fine, I also had to wait 60 minutes, but this was about the same, 30 minutes, and I could tell it had done it&#039;s job.  I stayed up later and watched a tv show to catch the few remaining BR visits.  All in all, it isn&#039;t fun, but so much better than the last time.  I would ask for this next time."
"I have just started taking Nuvigil for a few days now. For the last few years I have been taking medicines to calm me down and ease my stress levels. I felt like I was a walking zombie most of the time when I was awake, but most of the time I just slept. I can&#039;t believe how amazing this medicine is, the cloudiness is gone I feel like Rip Van Winkle when he finally woke up. Wow!"
"I tried the shot twice once on August 2010 and recently started again in May. First time was bad I had really bad anxiety and moodiness, which at first I thought it was hormones from having the baby. I couldn&#039;t lose weight even though I was exercising everyday. After the 3 months the first time no more moodiness like before when I was on it. I had also lose weight and things were back to normal. I wanted to try again because I only did it once but again it has been a bad experience. "
"I started taking Viibryd ramping up to 40 mg. I did well for a while and was feeling good. However, I started experiencing tingling in my feet. It steadily got worse. I finally went to a neurologist for my feet problem. He told me to stop the Viibryd."
"I started taking Fosamax for Osteoporosis and I have had a low back pain and body aches the first week, and on the second week I have had severe headache that lasted over two days, now its a dull headache. I&#039;m not to sure on this medicine, I&#039;m worried about the side effects. I hope the effects get better not worse."
"After trying several meds, which helped, I was introduced to Saphris @ 10mg/day. I experienced periods debilitating drowsiness, so decreased to 5mg. Problem disappeared. Mentally, emotionally I feel almost normal. Mood swings are slight, handleable. I like Saphris."
"I am 30 years old and was diagnosed with fibromyalgia when I was 25.  Over the years, it kept getting worse and worse.  It was beginning to interfere with my life.  I had a very poor quality of life.  I finally after suffering for over a year, I decided I needed real help.  I had been on many other pain medications, but Nucynta ER was different.  The day I got my prescription filled, and took it that night, I woke up a changed person.  I&#039;m not sure exactly how long I&#039;d suffered but, Nucynta ER has given me my life back.  My depression and anxiety are non-existent.  I feel awesome!"
"I&#039;ve been prescribed different meds for the chronic arthritis pain in my neck and only Vicodin helps with pain and it allows me to sleep comfortably at night and get through my days at work. I use only the prescribed amount at it works wonders for me."
"I started taking this medicine exactly 8 weeks ago and my beginning weight was 227 lbs. Last Wednesday I weighed in at 208!! It&#039;s a slow process but I was wearing all sweat pants and long shirts. Now I&#039;m comfortable in jeans and a fitted shirt :) I stopped SODA the 1st week and weighed in 7 lbs lighter! I eat in moderation and excerise 5-6 days out of the week. Biking walking and cardio have been my savior."
"Well, I&#039;ve been constipated for about a week and a half so I decided to take dulcalax. I&#039;ve taken it before and it wasn&#039;t that bad but this time, I think I would&#039;ve rather have gotten shot. I took it about 10pm last night and then I went to sleep. I woke up this morning about 5 shaking, sweating, nauseated and I had the worse pain I think I&#039;ve ever felt. It is now 9:30 and I&#039;m still throwing up so bad I can barely leave the bathroom. I will never take these again!!!"
"I&#039;ve had migraines for years, as you all know, they come and go. I&#039;ve taken the Imitrex shot and orally, Zomig, Maxalt, among others. My family practicioner prescribes me Flexeril on top of Maxalt. Today, though, I ran out, and had to go to a clinic, and even though I fear needles, I asked for the shot. This was a migraine I knew I was no match for, as my pain threshold peaked a number of times. Immediate burning in my bottom and leg, but it did work well. I wish this were able to be prescribed"
"Without Ambien I&#039;m up literally all night. But if you don&#039;t take it on am empty stomach it doesn&#039;t work at all. I take it at midnight and can&#039;t eat after 5 or 6PM or else it won&#039;t work. If you try and stay up after it starts to work you may do things you wouldn&#039;t normally do - like shop online, which I&#039;ve done and many people I know. Luckily everything I&#039;ve bought is stuff I&#039;ve wanted, but still..."
"I have been diagnosed with PCOS and it was chosen that I would take Yasmin. I was fine for 4 months, then I started bleeding and didn&#039;t stop for over 3 weeks! Dreadful pill! Didn&#039;t help properly at all! I don&#039;t advise for anyone to take it!"
"This has been a horrible experience. I could never take the full dose because the stomach issues were horrible. My hair got so dry, that I had to put conditioner on it just to wash it and get my fingers through my hair. Then my hair came out in clumps. So hungry all the time that I would eat things I hated."
"I&#039;ve been on it for a week and a bit . I gotta say it&#039;s not what I expected.  I&#039;ve never taken anything before , so this is all a first .  Well  I was put on 50mg and that made me extremely sleepy . It was all I did and I couldn&#039;t really do much else .  Went to the doctors and lowered my dose to 25 mg. That seems a lot better . I&#039;m able to get up and do things . I still feel dizzy and don&#039;t really feel like eating . I&#039;m starting to feel better though . I don&#039;t feel like crying and I&#039;m not obsessing or replaying things in my mind . That sharp pain in my stomach has lessen as well."
"I absolutely had to share that after taking this medicine, I too cut my hair in the night. I&#039;m over forty years old. 
Not being aware I had cut my hair, I woke up and when I hopped out of bed that morning, both feet landed in a pile of hair. While funny, this is not good at all. I understand this is the same class of drug that is used for sedation during surgery. Look up the risks involved to memory and comprehension. Long term, permanent side effects. 
I admit, this medication put me to sleep, but never through the entire night. Oh, yeah and then there was the time I woke up with a chocolate candy bar melted to the side of my face. Again, funny but I was really angry to have wasted a candy bar. Ok ok, yeah I ate the candy bar. Come on, I had to."
"I&#039;ve had migraines since kindergarten. They have become increasingly debilitating in adulthood and sometimes I would average 15 headaches per month! My life revolved around my migraines. I tried everything to stop them. When my doctor talked to me about Topomax, I was thrilled. It took me two years to get to a dosage that managed the headaches and auras but now the only time I get a migraine, it&#039;s weather related. I use Relpax to relieve it.  Topomax has been a God send for me!"
"I was on steroid medication for almost a year, having tapering doses in between. My teeth enamel got disrupted due to side effects of steroid and my haemoglobin count decreased to 8gm%/dL..
After I ceased steroids, I became completely bed-ridden as all my joints were invloved excluding spine, not even able to move for a side change.
My rheumatologist suggested Enbrel, and a single dose of Enbrel changed my entire life.. Infact I got a new birth! Now my four doses are done and I am as good as I was before this rheumatoid disorder. Very happy to have Enbrel. I would thank the inventor of Enbrel. Thank You !"
"Got it when I was 18. No kids. Covered 100% Insertion felt like a bad period cramp. Was over before I knew it. Cramped for maybe a day or two. Manageable. My partner hardly complained that he felt the strings They never hurt him just sometimes they needed to be adjusted. I kept it in for 6 years because I didn&#039;t have insurance anymore. On the 6th year I had a light regular period. I had no weight gain, no mood swings (hormones are localized with mirena), no acne problems. No side effects at all."
"I just started it , but felt it working already. Compare to Citalopram that I used before. I&#039;m excited cause I have hope that Cymbalta will help with my depression and my back pain"
"I&#039;ve tried other allergy medications but Allegra-D is the only one that works.  I used to get constant post nasal drip and have to clear my throat all the time.  On this medication I feel amazing.  It does however cause insomnia and bad dry mouth.  It also makes it so I don&#039;t get a full erection.  So do I feel better and not have sex or what?"
"I have been taking 100 mg of Seroquel for about a year now, does worry me some because when I do miss a dose I don&#039;t sleep but it does work well. I do have to eat before I go to bed or want to sleep well. "
"Im on around the clock opiate therapy, so when I have something major come up, like a kidney stone, I have a hard time finding a medicine, then being able to take and mix it with my current medications.I had a kidney stone about 6 months ago, and the urologist gave me 60, 4mg hydromorphone tablets; they were useless, I took them back, he didn&#039;t want them, so I flushed them down the toilet.He prescribed Demerol 50mg 1 or 2 tabs every 4 hours, and it worked like a charm. I will say, when I went to the ER for the kidney stone, the IV Dilaudid worked wanders, but taking it by mouth was absolutely a waste, not to mention the money I spent, getting the prescription filled, to literally flush it down the toilet. No good orally, for MY pain."
"This is the second time I am taking diazepam for alcohol withdrawal. It helps me relax, be less anxious, stopped my trembles, overall it helped a lot. I do feel quite tired though, I hope I will be able to fall asleep. The pills saved my day. I found 5 mg to be too small a dosage for me. Good luck out there!"
"I had been taking Estratest HS in combination with Premarin.3 for the last 12 years and loved, loved, loved it.  No side effects.  Made me feel stronger and helped keep my body in shape.  Since they no longer make it, I have been having trouble adapting to new hormones and wish I could find some kind of testosterone substitute. "
"I only take promethazine when I&#039;m severely nauseous to the point where I can&#039;t unclench my teeth. And let me tell you right now that this pill is magical. After half an hour the nausea is completely gone. But I&#039;ve never gotten sleepy with it. I&#039;ve actually had no side effects."
"I have a new found love for this birth control after switching from it to Seasonique to get out of having a period every month. The Seasonique made me gain weight and I broke out horribly. Been back on Loestrin a week and the weight is gone, my face is back to normal, my poor breasts are coming back (this birth control makes my breasts go up at least a cup size, awesome side effect). 

Beside the breast growth it has also not failed me as a birth control method, I&#039;m always sure to take it exactly on time every day."
"I switched from Nuvaring to Paragard because I hated the way the ring felt and wanted a nonhormonal option since I felt like Nuvaring robbed me of my libido. Insertion was uncomfortable for 30 seconds, just felt crampy afterwards. The first 6 months on Paragard were absolutely brutal. Cramps like I couldn&#039;t believe and more blood than I knew what to do with. Periods lasted for about 10 days on average. I figured it would just take time for my body to adjust. I&#039;m 2 years in and my symptoms have lessened slightly, but for the most part I&#039;m spending the better part of the month exhausted and in horrible pain. Having it removed this week and cannot wait to use a birth control that doesn&#039;t suck the life out of me. Do not recommend."
"I feel like I&#039;ve been sick for a very long time. It began around early February. I started feeling tired and nauseous. I had other symptoms, but the nausea was the worst. It just got worse and more frequent. My mother talked me into going in and I was diagnosed with &quot;migraine with aura&quot; about a month ago. I don&#039;t feel like migraines have anything to do with the nausea, but that&#039;s all I have to go on for now. The nausea comes in waves and I&#039;ve had to stop doing schoolwork because of it. I was hoping the zofran would help, but it doesn&#039;t seem to do anything. I still wake up at night because I&#039;m so nauseous, and it never seems to end."
"Magic. Everything you heard is true. I have had the usual symptoms- inability to think,  voice trembling so hard words don&#039;t come out, gasping like a fish out of water and feeling so much shame, because in every other respect I am a competent, confident person. This simply eliminates it all and lets the real me come out. I can not recommend it highly enough. Do not waste another second of your life worrying about this performance anxiety or stage fright or nervousness of public speaking."
"Been using this a short while and it apparently works for me. "
"I&#039;ve been on and off Lexapro for 6 years. I got off it twice thinking I was completely fine and then a year later (both times getting off) my anxiety came back tenfold. I am back on Lexapro now and happier than ever. Many people are scared of being on medicine or asking for help but we are all made differently and some of us need medicines to live a fuller, more amazing life. Lexapro has enabled me to accomplish things I didn&#039;t see possible and allowed me to relax and enjoy life more! Everyone has their own definition as anxiety but to me if your anxiety is interfering with your every day life then try everything you can to remediate it. I have tried yoga, vitamins/ other homeopathic remedies and as much as I wished they worked, they didn&#039;t."
"I took Tri-Sprintec awhile. Last October I started bleeding profusely &amp; found out I had a miscarriage!   The claim is 1% chance or something like that of getting pregnant, 
Here it is January &amp; still bleeding going to have to have a hysterectomy @ 35yo on the 12th of February,"
"Very helpful for my frozen shoulder pain with no side effects."
"I feel like my old self.  I have more energy and confidence. I have new hobbies. I am less stressed and more focused. It has changed my life."
"Update: Otezla is not working now like it did at first. My left hand is better but,  my right regressed and is splitting in multiple places. Both feet, horrible flare now, thick peeling and lesions. My face now has spots where it didn&#039;t prior to Otezla. Headaches, migraines and nausea are very common. How disappointing."
"Been taking for several month and swelling in my ankles and calves are a minor issue.  First thing I do when I come home from work is put my feet up for about 30 minutes and that helps. Within about an 1 1/2 hours after going to bed I have to get up to pee, I think this is caused by the fluid build up.  Blood pressure has been very good on this, about 126/85.  I do feel tired and do not seem to have much energy most of the time."
"Excellent I don&#039;t hear voices. I feel normal."
"Was prescribed this for a UTI. Only took 2 pills, one in afternoon and one in the night before bed. Woke up the next morning and couldn&#039;t balance at all and had a strange headache right in the middle of my forehead.

Didn&#039;t take any more pills (thank goodness). It has been 4 days now and the side effects still are persisting.

Judging by the other people here, it won&#039;t be long before there is a class action lawsuit. I am beyond pissed and wish I would have read this before. Will never make the same mistake again. I have taken antibiotics before for UTIs and have never had any problems, so I didn&#039;t think twice this time."
"It saved my life!  I can not, despite trying, take oral long acting narcotics.  The biggest issue is the perception and doctors reaction, including pain management professionals to this medication.  Yes, you develop dependence. Addiction is different.  It is when you abuse your medication and continue to do so despite negative problems coming from that.  The two words are NOT interchangeable.
I am on 112 mcg/hour and change every 48 hours rather than the normal 72 hour dosing.  It has allowed me to do the things I need to do in my life.  I was virtually bedridden before going on Duragesic.  It cover my pain for the most part, unless I am doing things physically that make the pain flare into a breakthrough.  I take Morphine 30mg for BT pain."
"I&#039;m a 38 year old female.  I&#039;ve been on Lexapro 10mgs for 2 1/2 weeks now for severe anxiety due to marital issues.  It has definitely helped- I feel much calmer about my life and has given me back the feeling of being able to cope with life&#039;s current problems.  Before starting Lexapro I was taking Valium every couple days for anxiety and I haven&#039;t needed to take a single one since starting.  The one major side effect I noticed almost immediately was difficulty in reaching orgasm (which was never an issue in the past).  I&#039;m not yet sure whether that&#039;s a deal breaker as I think the other SSRIs would have the same effect."
"Increased to 30mg. And big improvement. It took 7-8 weeks to help but usually 1-2 hot flashes per day, no night sweats anymore. Love the calming effect. No other side effects. Just waiting for them to stop all together."
"This is my first birth control ever - after I had an abortion on July. Decided to take on the patch because it is easy and convenient and you don&#039;t have to remember to take everyday, just once a week and my change patch day is every Monday. On my patch-free week today, menses came. Tomorrow will be my second month wearing it and so far so good. Side effects are mainly headache and a big appetite however no weight gain, no breakouts and some spotting in between. Cons, will be lint adhere to the patch and it could be itchy for me once in a while."
"I&#039;m a 31-year-old woman with PCOS, and I&#039;ve dealt with acne and excessive facial hair growth for years. I&#039;ve been on metformin for around 2 years now, which was supposed to help my PCOS symptoms (in addition to being borderline diabetic), but I never really saw any results until my doctor put me on spironolactone in January 2017. Since then I&#039;ve been taking a very low dose, only 50mg once a day, but it has done wonders for the hair growth! Though I would advise others to wax your facial hair rather than shaving it. When the hair is removed from the follicles, the spiro stunts its regrowth. For me, if I wax it once a week, when it does regrow it comes back barely half as thick as it used to and it&#039;s nowhere near as noticeable."
"I started Cymbalta for major depression and suicidal ideation (no plan).  It worked.  Took as much as 90mg at my high point.  I&quot;m now tapering down to 30 mg.  Going from 3 pills a day to 1 pill a week is hard but manageable.  But the side effects for this drug are real.  Dizziness, blurry vision, constipation to runs.  I would say for me, I could work through them because I wanted to live.  The tapering has started aura migraines which are close to unbearable but I get through it.  I say close because I almost felt like going to the ER once.  I&#039;ve slept 2 days straight trying to overcome an aura migraine.  No light, sound, food, or blankets.  If you were in my place over a year ago, taking Cymbalta would have been a no brainer."
"On my second day of taking Predisone just woke up out of my sleep at 4:04am today tossing and turn. I smelled rubber burning, became really  antsy.Went to the kitchen to check the stove. Still smell rubber burning. Within another few minutes my left arm felt tingly,burning and cold. My face felt weird so had to check in the bathroom mirror if I wasn&#039;t having an allergic reaction. I have an Epi Pen out and on stand by. I&#039;m up now drinking lots of water and detox tea to flush my of this drug. 
Pill take instructions were take 6 pills on the 6th day,5 on the 5th day, 4 pills on the fourth day annd continue to day one. No thank you! Will not be continuing. Honestly a little scared to go back to sleep. I do not recommended this drug."
"I started Trulicity this week with Trasiba- took it on Sunday and it&#039;s now early hours of the following Saturday morning. I was on Lavimeer- 60 units in morning and same again in the evening plus novo rapid before meals- anything from 10-20 units and my blood sugar was always fluctuating but generally above 10. Blood sugar is now at 7.3 all day every day so much better- long may it continue. Off Lavimeer completely and hardly needing novo rapid. Have lost 7lb in 6 days - again long may that continue. Appetite is well controlled but went out for a meal yesterday lunchtime and really suffered which I&#039;m assuming is the side effects of Trulicity- severe toilet issues, abdominal pain and vomiting. I hope this gets better- I&#039;m going to persevere!"
"Been receiving Synvisc injections approximately every 6 months for last 3+ years.  They help tremendously.  There is always a little soreness and swelling of the knee for about a week after injection but then I get 6 months of pain free activity.  That&#039;s a pretty good trade-off if you ask me."
"I had penicillin-resistant tonsillitis. A week of amoxicillin had no effect, and I&#039;d had the infection for 3 weeks. It wasn&#039;t too severe, but it was steadily getting worse, and I was in no rush to have body parts cut out of my mouth in order to get rid of the infection. An ENT prescribed clindamycin and an anti-inflammatory, and within a single day I visibly saw the infection peeling away from my tonsils (yeah, it was gross, but in a good way)., and all the discomfort was gone.

I had no side effects, and haven&#039;t yet seen any antibiotics-caused diseases. Maybe it&#039;s just a single anecdote, but so are all the other reviews on here. Thought I&#039;d throw in a positive experience."
"This is my second go around with Chantix -- the last time being 7 or so years ago.  I&#039;m on my second day with no smoking, (9th day on drug) and I feel like I have more energy, and generally feel like some cloud (no pun) has been lifted -- I haven&#039;t felt like this since I was 14 (started smoking a pack a day at 15).  I&#039;ve been a smoker for 30 years.  I fear I&#039;m on some kind of &quot;pink cloud&quot; that addicts often refer to.  I&#039;ve had some strange dreams, and had trouble falling asleep last night -- but aside from that, no other side effects.  I&#039;m hoping the dreams don&#039;t turn into nightmares, as they were so terrible 7 years ago when I first tried Chantix, that I had to stop."
"I started taking Zoloft after experiencing physical symptoms of anxiety at random moments and cyclical mood swings with depression that had a very strong physical component (I had nothing to be sad about I just ached and couldn&#039;t get out of bed or smile) The first week I took it I felt like I was in a complete fog. I lost my appetite, had upset stomach and it messed up my sleep. Once my body adjusted (about 2 weeks) I had more energy, was more engaging with my friends and family and the physical symptoms subsided. After about 3 months I moved and lost my medicines and stopped abruptly. The depression and anxiety came back tenfold because I didn&#039;t wean myself off. I felt overwhelmed with life. Zoloft works great but it&#039;s very powerful."
"Now I am able to break times between doses of Ms-Contin."
"The nexplanon is a great device in the sense that once its inserted you dont have to worry about drinking anything each day or making appointments for shots. Its good for 3 years and its not noticeable. I had my nexplanon for a year before I took it out. The first 3 months I bleed every single day. After the 3 months I didn&#039;t get my cycle for another 3 months and then suddenly got my cycle after those months and I never stopped bleeding after that. I was put on a bc pill to see if I could stop the bleeding and it just made it worst and heavier. It was horrifying . I do not recommend"
"There were negatives about this drug and I even put off taking it. I ended up starting it and as far as I can tell I have/had no side effects, I felt better quickly, I feel different. My racing mind had come back a little, as seroquel kept racing thoughts under control, I&#039;m all but weaned off seroquel. And Latuda is good. Its been months, since I started Latuda and I don&rsquo;t have a worry about taking it."
"I was put on Xanax twenty years ago to treat anxiety/panic. I took a small dose four times a day. After three years it lost its effectiveness and I chose to go off it. Weaning became the single worst experience of my life full of awful experiences. I was put on Paxil to treat the absolutely disabling panic/anxiety and depression I fell into."
"First I must say that Latuda has done something for me I never thought possible from any medication. It has almost completely wiped my depression and anxiety away. I the first time I tried Latuda I woke up the next day a whole new person. I could believe it! I take Lamictal, Cymbalta and Latuda everyday. 1 mg of Ativan as needed for anxiety. My Doc replaced my Abilify with Latuda and my whole life has changed. It&#039;s expensive though and I found a lot of insurances will not pay for it without prior authorization my doc. We will see how that goes. If you feel hopeless like you have tried all the meds and nothing has worked i&#039;m telling you to ask your Doc to put you on Latuda."
"Lunesta 3mg for me is the best I have ever taken, for almost a year and half.  Had no bad side effects. Gives you 8 hours of sleep and you do not wake up tired. Also has helped out my anxiety at night before bed. I rate it 10. I wish Lunesta would make a new pill for anxiety for during the day, and not for sleep. I&#039;m happy."
"Felt very groggy all day the day after taking first dose. Too strong."
"I&#039;ve taken Contrave for 7 months (Nov 14 - May 15) and have lost about 30 pounds.  Yes, side effects in the beginning were tough.  I cannot take two pills at the same time - the headache and nausea are too severe, so I take one when I get up, 11 am, 2pm, and 4 pm. It doesn&#039;t curb my appetite in the least - just makes it where I&#039;m not hungry.  But since I&#039;m diabetic I have to ensure to eat throughout the day.  The past 3 months the weight loss has stalled. I still take 4 pills a day, but have been stuck gaining and losing the same three to five pounds.  Not sure what to do next to lose my last 20 pounds as increased exercise/decrease calories has not worked."
"I just started this medicine last week, I have not seen weight loss yet, or much change in my numbers.  BUT last week I did not exercise as much and did not eat strict to my diet, so hopefully this 2nd week I will start to see changes.  I really am hoping it helps with weight loss for me too!"
"I have been on this medicine since I was 13. I&#039;m 17 now I&#039;m on 225mg it helps my generalized anxiety disorder the most my other disorders not so much. I like this medicine more than any other, I have been on all of the ones you can be on under the age 18. I say 6 out of 10, I would tell anyone to try this first it will help."
"I tried the different synthetic hormones for 14 years, never feeling quite right even when my tests said my levels were OK. I started Armour Thyroid early this year and finally feel good. I&#039;d forgotten what that meant. The Armour dose is higher than the conversion chart indicated but it is amazing to feel normal again."
"Result:
*  Examining physician remarked at clarity of examination conditions

Taste:
*  Not great, but comparable to cough syrup - tolerable
*  By reference, I have paid good money (in my younger day) to drink more than a few shots of whiskey that were much tougher to swallow than this stuff..........

Experience post ingestion:
*  Began expelling within 20 minutes
*  Continued expelling roughly every hour to hour and a half through the night
*  Limited rest over night due to frequent expulsion, but for the positive results (see above), absolutely a tolerable down side tolerate

Conclusion:
*  Med was effective at delivering intended result in my case and well worth the noted challenges above to get the desired outcome."
"I can&#039;t believe how well this medicine worked! I had athlete&#039;s foot for five years on my left foot &amp; for six months on my right foot. My entire left foot on the bottom &amp; sides &amp; in between my toes itched like crazy at times. Every day I suffered with my foot itching in the shower or whenever my foot sweated.  I scratched so hard in the shower that my foot bled, and I really felt like I was suffering &amp; that wasn&#039;t too strong of a word. I tried a few things that I read online &amp; nothing helped. I finally tried Lamisil 1%, using it twice a day for six weeks &amp; missing a few doses. Directions are for two weeks. It finally cured my athlete&#039;s foot! It&#039;s costly but worth every penny. I still use it occasionally to be on the safe side. I rate it 10*!"
"I have suffered from erosive esophagitis and GERD for over 5 years.  After the use of numerous medications, Prevacid has worked the longest and most consistent with control of diet."
"Invokana 300 mg has been a blessing to restoring my health. In February I was on 50 units of insulin (long acting) and it was ineffective at controlling my diabetes. In Feb A1C 11.2 April 9.0 July 7.1. 
Initially, I was on Long Acting Insulin and the  Invokana 300 mg. by April I was just on the Invokana. Please note I had bad reactions (from hives and lumps to gatrointestinal distress) to at least five diabetic medications. Ugh! Thank you for your product. I also have been able to use the drug copayment help offer by the company."
"The only pain medicine that really helps my chronic back pain (inoperable Herniated disc)."
"I started using Elidel about a month ago after being diagnosed with Eczema on my face, arms and shoulders, and after topical cortico-steroid creams failed to work.  Elidel cleared up my skin very nicely.  This summer has been very hot and humid where I live, so my skin has had quite a few breakouts.  As long as I used the Elidel at least twice a day, my Eczema remains under control.  The only side effect I have noticed is a warming sensation on my face, but I can live with that.  Elidel, is by far the best product I have used and thankfully I have a drug plan where I work, because it is expensive."
"I&#039;ve been on 5 different birth controls before this one, all the others gave me horrible symptoms (no sex drive, nipple sensitivity, severe lower back pain) and this one is totally perfect! after quitting birth control after a few years, I noticed facial hair growing on my neck and thats when I got officially diagnosed with PCOS, (although I had been missing periods since I first ever got a period, I didn&#039;t know until now)

I have no weight gain, periods are light and not painful at all, moods are regular, NO WEIGHT GAIN weight LOSS actually. everything is great!"
"So I have been on gildess for exactly a year now and it is the first BC pill I have ever been on and it&#039;s pretty great the only side effects I have noticed but haven&#039;t really though to much about are that recently every little thing is starting to bother me, I get upset or sad for almost no real reason and I don&#039;t feel like myself most of the time which is sad I am usually a very happy calm person but I feel like I&#039;m not like that anymore. Other than that I don&#039;t have any other side effects at all it&#039;s pretty great it regulated my period and I have no random spotting or pain of any kind so I don&#039;t recoment it as the best form of BC but it&#039;s not the worst one and works very well for preventing pregnancy."
"I have severe seasonal allergies, along with allergies to dust and molds. I used Zyrtec or its generic equivalent for a few months, and it never could keep the severe symptoms under control, like other second generation antihistamines. I stopped after about 4 months of use. Zyrtec seems like a viable option for those with average seasonal allergies."
"Followed instructions on package. Put it on before broke through. Didn&#039;t work any better then other products and cost 3 times as much."
"I have had fibromyalgia for 18 years. Nothing ever helped. But I also have RA so when one doesn&#039;t cause pain the other does. Started the titration pack 3 months ago and then went to 50 mgs per day. It really helped with the pain and movement until I got whammied with a side effect. I bruised so bad black and white photos could come out in color.  One day I had bruising that started at the hip and ended at the big toe - NO exaggeration! From what I have read here, I must be the only one that had that particular side effect. My dosage has been cut in half and the bruising has stopped but so has the effectiveness.  There is still some relief but not like it was on full dosage."
"I first started taking Concerta about 2 years ago. I&#039;m almost 13. It works okay but I have been losing my appetite far too much. I&#039;m already really underweight and this drug makes it worse. I&#039;ve also run into sleep paralysis once or twice."
"I have had restless leg syndrome my entire life.  I spent years in a state of sleep deprivation until I started taking this medication.  I have been taking it for about 5 years, and plan to continue taking it indefinitely. I still suffer from some discomfort during the day, but if I stay active it isn&#039;t too bad.  I usually take 0.25mg in the late afternoon and 1mg with my dinner.  Yes, my stomach gets a little queasy and yes, I get sleepy.  These side effects are manageable and well worth the great benefits that a good night&#039;s sleep brings to my life."
"I&#039;ve completed a 12 week course of Harvoni successfully at the end of 2016. The pills have worked a treat for me and I only had a slight upset stomach for the first 2 days, after that I was feeling very tired and would run out of energy in the early afternoons at work. A side effect that seems common, but is not mentioned however, is WEIGHT GAIN !!! I didn&#039;t change my diet but have somehow managed to gain a solid 10kgs !!! I still haven&#039;t worked out a way to lose the weight, it almost seems as if my metabolism has changed altogether - has anyone else experienced this? I&#039;m fit and active, run half marathons, but the weight is sticking to me like the plague. Though in saying all that, thank goodness for Harvoni - it saves lives!!!"
"Back pain from accident squared away after second dose. The pain went all the way to my foot and up my back into my neck and shoulder. Just started medicine today!!!
10/11/2012"
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq almost 4 weeks started June 26 2015 212 starting weight. I have not lost a lb I can tell my appetite has decreased a lot. Doing the gym thing as well but will go the twelve weeks to see if I lose any thing. Will report next 4 weeks."
"I have been on this medicine for over 3 years and it has helped me greatly with life moving situations. I was done with my prescription and didn&#039;t call my Dr thinking I was totally fine now after a couple years. Well, within weeks, maybe days, (my thinking was blurred because of my emotions) I cried at everything, became upset easily, overly sensitive etc. I told my Dr and found out you are not supposed to stop cold turkey. I said well I&#039;m happy now, I have been through a lot but I have come out better so why am I feeling like this still? We talked and decided I needed to stay on it....indefinitely. I don&#039;t care, as long as I stay this happy and grounded!"
"I just started Adderal 20mg about a week now. Before I was on 10 mg, not extended release, just tabs for (2) months. I&#039;m always so tired. The higher dose helps me stay awake and function through my days. Glad something works, so far no side effects noted."
"I have had epilepsy from 18 months old started on epilim. By the time I turned 3 I was seizure free till I was 16. Just before my maths exam I had a seizure wasn&#039;t exactly sure what caused. I went to my GP I was put on 100mg of lamotrogine then went up to 250mg of lamotrogine finished on 300 the drug didn&#039;t work at all.

I was then referred to see a neurologist and we started off taking keppra 500mg alongside with the lamotrogine. We then moved to 750mg or keppra with the lamotrogine BD.After all of that we then moved to 1000mg BD since then to know I&#039;m now on 4grams a day along side 600mg of oxcarbazapine and currently on 6mg of Perampanel. I&#039;m getting the drowsiness tiredness and from the keppra I&#039;m turning aggressive."
"Used it for 4 days and no results whatsoever. Typical 5%  Fluorouracil Cremes show at least redness. Tolak has shown none. More so, the formulation of it is horrible in that there are little white clumps Right out of the tube that make application difficult. The manufacturer offers hugely discounted coupons. You&#039;re better off buying the generic for better results."
"I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen for birth control for 2 years with no issues. After 2 weeks, my migrane headaches worsened, a nervous/ill feeling hit me and my heart was always pounding. I stopped taking it immediately (I&#039;m married and we are stable enough to have a baby) and have since decided to start trying to have a baby. I recommend lots of caution with this one (especially if you take something for ADHD)"
"I absolutely do not recommend  this pill to anyone. I was given the RX because I have been bleeding for 10 weeks passing several clots and I because weak and dizzy a few days ago. They told me my other pill was not strong or good enough. This is my 2nd day and I&#039;ve thrown  up nearly all day. My stomach has ached and cramped so very badly that not even the hydrocodone RX&#039;d  will ease the pain. My vision is blurry, my head is in a constant pounding sensation. I am still weak and I am still bleeding! Probably wouldn&#039;t even give this pill to my dog to prevent her from getting pregnant it is not worth it and no it wasn&#039;t worth the money!"
"When I first started taking birth control I was only 13, I started it because I used to have two week long heavy &amp; horrific periods every two weeks! I first started out on Yasmin, but later was switched to Ocella for insurance reasons. I&#039;m now almost 19, have been on birth control for 5+ years, and I NEVER want to go back. It helps keep my skin clearer &amp; softer (I only break out about a week before my period now) and my periods are much better now! I used to have issues with my period ending when I started a new pack, but eventually my body got used to it &amp; now my periods are light with little/no cramps and only last around 3 days! I seriously could not be happier"
"Abilify worked wonderfully for me when taken with Effexor, if it weren&#039;t for the restlessness I felt I&#039;d still be on it."
"Terrible product!!! My cosmetology doctor didn&#039;t do a &quot;test&quot;, nor told me it was permanent! She put it deep into my cheeks on face. 2 syringes one month apart. The second injection within days left my cheeks puffy, tender to the touch &amp; my facial nerves frazzled. Then a week later my cheeks were swollen, pus coming out of my eyes, touching cheeks made more pus come out of my eyes &amp; made my nervous system crash!!! I went to the ER 7 times in 3 weeks. They said it probably was NOT the filler but stated they weren&#039;t cosmetic experts and to follow up with my doctor. I went home assuming it couldn&#039;t be the filler, not wanting to believe it was a filler that I voluntarily paid for. I became bed ridden, can barely breathe feels like I&#039;m dying."
"Prior to having this medication prescribed to me, I was taking Methadone for chronic pain from Multiple Jaw surgeries with chronic pain and neck pain.I had no idea that my pain management dr. was going to prescribe this Suboxone Film. This medicine has made me nauseated and I had severe tremors.  My heart was beating way too fast and I was scared to death.  I thought that prior to a doctor prescribing this Suboxone Film that they would at least talk to me about this, but that was not what happened.  I am extremely upset about this.  I do not abuse drugs and have never used illegal drugs ever.  I hope that this information is of help to a patient that also does not expect this to happen."
"I have been taking temazepam for a few years now. I have Bipolar and Panic/Anxiety disorders. I can take 10mg without feeling any effect other than that I get relief from my thoughts. It seems to put my thoughts to sleep but not my body. I use in conjunction with 100mg Seroquel and Lithium.  "
"Caused severe insomnia for the first two weeks, which went away. No other side effects. Does require blood tests. Now 8 weeks seizure free, down from 20-25 month of complex partials and grand mals. A miracle, as long as you understand and accept the potential serious side effects."
"I have always thought of trying out a weight loss pill, but the only option seemed to be accepting being jittery. My psychiatrist started me on Contrave and have been taking them for three months. I&#039;m down 40 lbs. I also noticed within the first two weeks that I didn&#039;t want to smoke cigarettes as much. It&#039;s actually listed in the safety info that contrave is also used for smoking cessation, so doctor said this made sense. I have had NO negative side effects, I love the Scale Down Program and couldn&#039;t say enough to outline all of the reasons I love this medication so much!!"
"I used this for every infection, now the sad part is I am resistant. I used the whole 5 day dose, felt a lot better, then the infection came back a week later."
"I am 45 years old and have taken birth control pills from the time I was 18 to 34 when my husband and I decided to start a family. For 11 years my cycles were always 26-28 days, the reason I went back on the pill was due to painful menstrual cramps and not to get pregnant. Since I have been on this pill I had immediate break through bleeding, it&#039;s lasted for 3 months. It&#039;s actually gotten worse I bleed everyday! I have also suffered from migraines and headaches daily in the 3rd month. My breast are huge and my weight is creeping up. I feel depressed and have no sex drive. I hate this pill! I took my last pill today. I rather have two painful days of menstrual cramps. I will never take this pill ever!!!!!"
"I have been taking Viibryd for years now. It was extremely successful at taking away suicidal depression and and a extreme social anxiety, due to mild aspergers. It also gave me a tremendous amount of energy. After a good amount of time with 40mg a day dose, I started experiencing side effects. The first side effect was upset stomach, with diarrhea. Next I started noticing mental exhaustion, and slight dry mouth. Then the side effects went to severe  Temporomandibular joint dysfunction (TMJ) issues, and tension headaches, sometimes accompanied by neck region night sweats.  Then my doctor and I decided to cut the Viibryd down to 20 mg a day. I have been on the 20 mg for a while now, the TMJ is gone, all other side effects have been reduced. Over all happy still."
"Re: lost_found1982
Stick to your guns - You know your body better than everyone else!

Less than 2 years ago I was in hospital with a very serious illness which needed to be attended to first before I was able to start Atripla. The period between Christmas &amp; New Year 2012 included a positive result to a HIV test (as a Christmas present) and a CD4 count of 13 as the surprise in the box - Seriously!

It would not be until late March last year when I took my first tablet and have never looked back &amp; currently have a count of 484. I took charge of my body in conjunction with 2 GP&#039;s, a specialist and a clinical Psychologist to get me through many hurdles, heartbreaks &amp; trusted friends.

I&#039;m back at working outdoors &amp; enjoying the gift!"
"I got every side effect I think you could get.  I had blurred vision, dizziness, nausea, I got more anxiety, it was just awful. I was put on it for fibromyalgia and I had to stop taking it after 3 days due to the above side effects.  My Doctor is going to try me on something else in about a week, but even he doesn&#039;t appear to be hopeful.  If none of these work, it is back to pain management for me."
"Worst time with this medication. Nightmares, sleep walking, severe headaches, vomiting, didn&#039;t help me sleep at all, I would wake up and sleep walk into different rooms knowing I was sleep walking but so disoriented I had no idea where I was.  On night I walked to a storage building and stripped and fell breaking my arm. I was there until the next morning because I couldn&#039;t get up and didn&#039;t have a cell phone. My father had tried calling but with no answer he finally drove up and eventually found me... I hated the hangover effect.... I hope others benefit from it."
"I&#039;ve been using this for three years and it helps me. I&#039;ve paid attention more at school. I&#039;ve had no side effects at all, but all medications may have different effects on other people."
"I have depression. Prozac did not help me. After 4 weeks and several side effects, the only positive experience was the fact that I didn&#039;t feel anything &quot;bad&quot; or &quot;good&quot;. The worst was the major lack of motivation and loss of all interest in what I enjoyed in life. That was kind of the problem before the medicine. This is my second day off Prozac and I feel better each day. Good luck all."
"I just finished last pill ( metronidazole) tonight.. dr. Put me on them twice a day for 10 days. My symptoms slowly begin 2 improve around day 6 or 7. I was feeling discouraged  but tonight day 10 I feel great. I suffer from recurring yeast infections as well and tonight is the first night i feel 100% symptom free! From everything but I really hope it last... and i can go back 2 normal ."
"Helped in the beginning of the first few weeks,but later my mood became more paranoid. I&#039;m not saying this medicine will make you paranoid, but it doesn&#039;t work for me. Plus it does make you gain weight like 40lbs. in 8 weeks."
"I recently was admitted to a Psych Ward for a suicide ideation/attempt. I&#039;ve previously been diagnosed with ADHD and Borderline Personality Disorder. I was taking 70mg Vyvanse 1x a day, 300mg Wellbutrin XR 1x a day in the morning and 20mg of Paxil 1x before bed . The psychiatrist in the hospital discontinued the Paxil and prescribed 100mg Luvox 2x a day and 50mg Seroquel before bed. I&#039;ve been taking the medication for 9 days. I wake up tired and feel tired the whole day. I also feel jittery but that could be because I drink caffeinated beverages to help stay awake. My Hope is these effects wear off."
"Been on Qsymia for 1 month. Although I did loose 5 lbs, it came with very bad side effects. Bad headaches, insomnia, and numbness throughout body."
"Developed epilepsy due to several strokes while fighting sepsis/septic shock about 4 years ago. I am in the middle of weaning off Keppra and moving to lamictal. While I was seizure free on Keppra, the Kepprage, depression, and suicidal thoughts made me think it might be better to take my chances with seizures..hopefully the lamictal will be effective. I also with there was more science behind cannabis, and I lived in a state that allows medical cannabis.  CBD seems like an option to supplement the conventional medications, but I can&#039;t say I complain about the occasional &quot;buzz&quot; via full spectrum cannabis."
"Just about two weeks ago my boyfriend and I had sex and we realized that there was an accidental outcome inside the condom, which wasn&#039;t torn or anything, we just wanted extra reassurance (We are both too young for me to become pregnant). The morning after, we drove to CVS and he picked up Aftera since there was no plan B so it was the next best option. I took it about 12 hours after sex, and for a week and a half after I had a few symptoms including dizziness, nausea, etc. Fast forward today, I started my period almost a week early, but at least I know now that it worked. The symptoms from the Aftera pill I did not like at all, but it was better than having a higher risk of pregnancy. Take this pill ASAP and breathe, it&#039;ll be okay xx"
"Here, Europe slashed maximum melatonin levels from 5mg per day to 1mg and it&#039;s really enough. I&#039;m totally reborn"
"3 years after being diagnosed with Bipolar 1, I was put on 2 mg of Rivotril to be taken at night following a car accident. When it was prescribed, I was in a poor state of mental health and was suffering from extreme agitation and horrible nightmares. After taking clonazepam for a while, I noticed that not only did it calm agitation, but it helped stabilize my mood. It has made my mood more consistent and improved it dramatically. I consistently feel calm, positive, and mentally stable. I&#039;ve been prescribed other benzodiazepines in the past, but clonazepam has by far been the most effective. Overall, an excellent medication also considering that it isn&#039;t subject to metabolite accumulation."
"I have Multiple Sclerosis and have a problem with my bladder fully emptying.  Any amount of urine that Is left in my bladder, makes it seem like I haven&#039;t even gone to the bathroom. Bethanechol makes it so my bladder fully empties and I don&#039;t have those feelings."
"It killed my beloved mother in July 2014 she was suddenly rushed by ambulance early morning hours. She had several ischemia strokes and had  uncontrollable bleeding after surgery she died to taking xarelto. Now I&#039;ve been turned down by lawyers because the death report said she died from C.O.P.D. and trying to find another law firm who will take my case the end results are death from this bad drug"
"I. Have had back pain for years now.   About a month ago my doctor gave me melodic am 15 mg.   by the end of the month I was feeling very weak and in pain.   I was having pain in the middle of my stomach and the. It subsided.   A week later I experienced weakness and feeling like I was going to pass out.  When I told my doctor he said he did. It know why I was feeli this way.   The same day I developed diarrhea and it was black this continued to the next day.   I called for an appointment because I was feeling worst.   I was admitted to the hospital and I was told I was bleeding and ihave three ulcers.  Two gastric and one peptic and every doctor said it came from the meloxicam. It was destroying my stomach.   I will never use it again."
"I didn&#039;t notice any physical changes &amp; I wasn&#039;t any moodier. I&#039;d never gotten a yeast infection &amp; never got cramps &amp; that all continued to not happen. My periods were actually more regular and slightly lighter. Being on the patch was, for the most part, uneventful. 

My only con is that it invariably caused vaginal dryness. Prior to using this, I didn&#039;t have problems with arousal or lubrication (I&#039;m in my mid-20s). With this, I immediately noticed that I felt pain and stinging in my vagina after sex. This sometimes caused me to lose interest in sex in anticipation of the pain. Lube definitely helped but even just a couple of months off the patch (IUD now), I&#039;m back to my normal self. Aside from that, I would recommend this"
"Works great to prevent migraines."
"I was 7 weeks in as of today and had to stop immediately today.  This drug did begin to help my psoriasis and it began to resolve, I was really happy.  Anyone taking this needs to have someone watch them and their behavior.  My mood and behavior changed dramatically.  I got through the initial nausea and pushed through hoping the headaches would resolve.  But then it got worse.  I am generally happy.  My interactions with people began to go sour slowly, and in spats; I would  get way too worked up over things.  6-7 weeks in and I became very irritable and depressed.  Heaving sobs, feeling hopeless, flying off the handle and bizarre things.  It was gradual so I was confused. Felt like I was another person in my own body.  Feel better already"
"The first 2 weeks were kind of difficult for me.  Lots of side effects and very little results.  Hot/cold flashes, lethargy, tiredness, dizziness, sexual dysfunction and so on.  After a month, the effects of clomipramine started to really kick in.

It was effective against depression. Instead of going to bed every night hating myself and want to die, that only happened once a week.   It reduced some (not all) of my OCD, particularly my obsessions.

On the downside, it effectively made me bipolar.  At one moment, I felt like Jesus.  The other I was severely suicidal.  I always had mania and depression, but not to this extent.  Had to go off it.

Lots of pros.  Lots of cons.  It works.  But will it work for you?"
"I never really review anything, but I have to for this because I know how stressed out I was and reading the reviews on here helped me so much and honestly allowed me to have hope. I had sex at 1:00am with my friend and without a condom and I wasn&#039;t on b.c either (stupid I know). He didn&#039;t finish in me, but I was still so scared because I knew about precum. I took the plan b pill ten hours later and began having all the pregnancy symptoms like bloating, tender breasts, nausea, and felt so tired all the time. I honestly felt hopeless. but, I woke up today and I went to the bathroom to pee and there it was. bright red blood (-: never have I been so happy to have my period, that to on Valentine&#039;s Day! let the pill do its job ladies!! (:"
"I HATE THIS BIRTH CONTROL. First month if taking it and my face completely broke out like I&#039;ve never broken out before. My depression and anxiety was off the charts, also I had low sex drive. I was not happy with this. Don&#039;t take this BC you&#039;ll regret it!"
"I have been on Otezla since February.  My insurance would not cover it so I am part of the company&#039;s bridge program.  My psoriasis is completely gone--I haven&#039;t had normal, clear skin since I was a baby and I am 36.  I finally can wear shorts and tank tops without being self-conscious that my scaly, red skin is ugly and people are looking at it.  When I first started the medication I did have some bad headaches and nausea.  It went away after a few weeks, if you just stick with it.  I recently went away and forgot to bring the Otezla with me so I didn&#039;t take it for about 5 days, and now that I am back on it, I have headaches and nausea again but I anticipate that they will subside like they did before.  I haven&#039;t had any other side effects."
"This is the only drug that works for me yet the Australian government has banned it!"
"Rozerem has little or no effect. Woke up several times on Rozerem, took one 4 hours ago and am up and not even drowsy."
"I love taking this pill. Set an alarm (or two) on my phone and I almost always can remember to take it. I&#039;ve tried the Nuva Ring and the shot and both did NOT work well. Nuva ring gave my panic attacks and the shot gave me a nonstop period for three months. This pill was perfect, lighten and shorten my period each month. I&#039;ve been taking it for a year with no side effects. It&#039;s a little costly but it&#039;s worth it for me."
"It&#039;s always a test of one person. Everyone will have anti-depressants that work best for them. I tried Lexapro and Wellbutrin. I hated Wellbutrin. Prozac gave me ZERO side effects. No sexual frustration, no irritability, and no insomnia. I&#039;m on my 6th month and just got bumped from 20mg to 40mg because of seasonal depression and feel a HUGE deal better. I&#039;ve lost 10lbs in 3 weeks because my appetite and drinking are also under control. I&#039;ve also heard Prozac is associated with weight loss. If something isn&#039;t working for you, give it a try. "
"I have taken trulicity for four weeks now. At first had bad side affects. Headache, nausea, diarrhea with terrible cramping. But each week it lessened. Now into fifth week. Doing much better. Still have no real appetite, have to remind myself to eat. But my blood sugars are down! That was my main objective. Haven&#039;t lost any weight, though. But still glad that I hung in there and got through the adjustment period."
"After a horrible two years on Prozac Pristiq came in like a saviour. It reminded me what my normal thought process was without depression. I started on 50mg and 3 months in upped it to 100 and most of the time it&#039;s great however like everything tis not perfect. I have good days and bad days. I often have a few weeks of good days and when it&#039;s bad it&#039;s really bad; no motivation, suicidal, depressed, anxious. I also notice that if I miss a day or two I go through major withdrawal and that leads to similar symptoms as a bad day. Overall it really did change my life but it&#039;s not perfect."
"I took it before going to bed 11pm and woke up around 3am with excruitiang back pain and stomach pain. I was literally on the floor breathing like I was in active labor. The pain was getting worse by the second and then I started sweating so badly that my pj&#039;s and hair were literally soaked and it was dripping off of my face and chest. I couldn&#039;t tell if I was going to throw up, poop or if I was having a legit heartattack. I couldn&#039;t even yell for help to my sleeping husband because I was in so much pain. I was honestly scared at this point because I&#039;ve taken Exlax and never had this sort of reaction. I started to push and massage my abdomen which helped alleviate a little bit of the pain/cramping that I was having."
"Xanax is a wonder drug. It&#039;s effects are felt quickly, but doesn&#039;t have a long half life. I am on 5 x 2mg&#039;s a day for Panic Disorder and Anxiety. I also take Methadone 80mg&#039;s when I wake up. I never take Xanax at the same time. I always wait at least 2 hours. I don&#039;t drink alcohol. I&#039;m also on 400mg&#039;s of Seroquel at bedtime and 60mg&#039;s of Restoril. I have been on these medicines for about ten years. Methadone has a bad rep. If you want a fast acting anti-anxiety/panic disorder medicine, Xanax is it. If you have insomnia, Seroquel and Restoril (in the benzodiazapine family) are good as well. Hope this helps."
"My doctor has put me on Imuran for about three weeks now and I am starting to feel some side effects such as weakness, body aches and breakouts all over my body.  So far not so good with the treatment.  I will be calling my doctor for sure."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon in for about a month and a half now. I haven&#039;t got my period at all just some spotting for like a day but that is it. I have experienced some weight gain, but no acne. Random mood swings sometimes. Nothing really out of the ordinary besides missing my period. Everyone has different reactions to the amount of hormones released into your system. I would definitely recommend this form of birth control."
"I suffer from insomnia derived from an anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder. I have taken trazodone 50mg for sleep for 10 days. The first night, I slept for 13 hours straight. I was extremely fatigued throughout the day for the first 4-5 days on this drug, but I was sleeping through the night for the first time in months, so that side effect was worth it to me. Last night, I took the 50mg tablet, laid down to sleep, and woke up refreshed 9 hours later. No fatigue today whatsoever. This is the first time in a very long time that I woke up feeling well rested and (dare I say it) almost cheerful. Take it a good hour before you want to be asleep in order to avoid tossing and turning at first."
"After Meloxicam stopped being effective for my DDD back pain my doctor prescribed Tramadol.

I did feel a little nauseous after taking the first 50MG tablet, but the quick pain relief and reduction in muscle tension was dramatic. The next day I noticed my thoracic back was flexing as I bent over in the shower, the first time in years. It seems to have broken the vicious cycle of pain causing muscle tension and muscle tension causing pain.  My mental state has improved as well, due to being out of pain no doubt.

My sleep is much improved.

I have not experienced nausea taking Tramadol again.

I read here about dependence and withdrawal. so I will reduce my dosage to one 50mg tablet every other day and stop prior to being on it for a week"
"This pill lightened my period but I began to experience sore back, sore breasts, constant hunger and always felt tired. I gained 45 pounds since I started taking the pill but my diet remained. I stopped taking the pill and instantly lost weight! I&#039;ve been off the pill for a month and I&#039;ve already lost 15 pounds."
"I take opiate pain relievers, but if I do some walking, I usually don&#039;t have a problem.  When I stay in the house too long I get constipated pretty badly. It&#039;s been about 8 months since I&#039;ve taken any Sennakot, so, I figured it would work. The ones I&#039;m taking are 8.6mg and I&#039;ve found in the past that if I only take 2 or 3, nothing happens. I found that I need 5 or 6. Sometimes I would get some bad stomach pain, but it was a small price to pay to get some relief.Twice this week I&#039;ve taken 6 before bed (8am), but nothing happened. The second time while getting up to use the bathroom, I felt it working and went back to sleep, but when I got up an hour later, nothing. Anybody else have this happen?  Maybe I sleep past my opportunity."
"I lost my wife to cancer three years ago. Recently I have found a new partner, who is even more interested in sex than myself. I am 80 years old and my partner 82. I have found it increasingly difficult to get an erection and when one does occur difficult to retain. I have scoured the net for an answer to my problem, trying numerous products with no success. But at last Cialis has answered our prayers. I take Cialis 10mg and the effect lasts for at least 36 hours. Rock hard erections that last as long as required, I feel like a &quot;real man&quot; once again. My partner and I are a pair of very, very happy &quot;golden oldies&quot;."
"I wanted to share my experience with Plan B since I know many of you are reading these reviews scared, anxious, and grasping for something to calm you down. I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend using the pull out method, but it was the day before my ovulation day (according to the Period Tracker App), and I was terrified of the possibility of pre-ejaculation. I also had egg-white discharge, so I knew I was fertile. I took Plan B within twelve hours of unprotected sex, and had about a two week wait until my next period. I woke up very nauseous the next day. For about a week after, I had really bad cramps, and thick, white discharge. This morning, I got my period on time! It works! Stay calm, ladies! You can get through this, I promise!"
"I have been on Belviq for 2 weeks now. The only side effect I have had is a few hours of dry mouth on the first day. No other side effects since. I am now eating much less than normal and am not hungry. It works great at making you not want to eat. I have lost 4 lbs and am not even trying. Great medicine for those who can&#039;t lose weight on their own!"
"CLOBEX IS AMAZING.  It doesn&#039;t cure psoriasis but it will clear you up.  My scalp is bad.  within a week I was completely clear.  I could go 2 weeks before it started to appear back on scalp.  I use the spray for a few days and it was gone....Problem now is there is a generic so my insurance will not pay for the brand.  The cost of brand out of pocket is 900.00.  Who has that kind of money?  the generic does absolutely nothing for me.  No relief what so ever.  The entire insurance industry is such a crock in the USA."
"I have had acne for about 4 years now and I started bactrim about 2 years ago when I first started my skin looked amazing I was almost cleared up in a month. after about a year of being on it and my skin was doing well we went down to half a pill. about 6 months pasted and my skin started to break out again so we went back to a whole pill. my acne started to spread all over my chest, back and shoulders he decided that we would start 2 pills a day. I recently just went back and my skin was not doing well and I&#039;m about to start accutane. I 100% believe I formed a resistance to the drug after being on it for so long. bactrim works amazing for short periods of time but in the long run it was not successful."
"I have been taking Sprintec for a little over a month now and I have little side effects. I was very worried about a change in my behavior and that I may gain weight but I have yet to experience those side effects so I am very happy with that. I did get one yeast infection, which I have never had before, about 2 weeks after starting the pill but besides that everything is working very well with this pill!"
"My doctor advised taking Dramamine after he gave me medicine to treat my problems - not motion sickness - and I experienced nausea and some vomiting from the medicine. I had tried various things that just seemed to make it worse but this helps. Now I can take the medicine I need and still be comfortable."
"I only started this yesterday and today I already can feel that things are easier to deal with!! I&#039;m looking forward to feeling somewhat normal."
"I love the Implanon, 100% effective. I get no periods. The only downhill is that in the 2 years I&#039;ve being using it I gained at least 45 pounds which sucks because I tried everything to lose the weight but nothing seems to work for me. I have my appointment for removal on the 31st of December. "
"I find the copper coil amazing. It is uncomfortable being inserted and painful for about a week afterwards. The next 3 periods were very painful and heavy for me but I&#039;m now on my 4th and it seems to of settled. It is very effective as contraception and neither of us can feel it during sex. Best of luck, definitely recommended."
"I recently lost 45lbs through diet and exercise in a 4 mo. period.  I cut out all the sweets (which was extremely hard) and started drinking only water, unsweetened tea and sparkling water.  I would have a mini-cheat day on Sundays and allow myself a burger or a slice of cheesecake.  However, the weight has slowly started to creep back on - with my travel schedule, I have been going to the gym less (was 5x a week) and eating later at night.  My doctor prescribed Contrave and I have been taking it for 5 days.  I read the reviews and how it cause a lot of people to be nauseous. So I take it in the morning around 6:30 am with a low-fat Greek yogurt and 4 saltine crackers.  It works for me and I only feel a little dizzy at times - not major for me!"
"I have been on this medicine for 8 months now.  I am currently taking 75mcg daily.  I no longer wake up feeling tired and my hair is coming back thicker again.  I have also lost some weight too."
"if there is any advice you can take from the internet right now, it&#039;s to calm down ladies!! I promised I&#039;d write a review here to settle nervous tummies on my experience, since I was you at one point. I had unprotected sex on day 5 (yes on my period) of my normal 28 day cycle at approximately 9am. I am grateful plan b was available behind the counter at pharmacy and I purchased it less than an hour after the oopsie. here started the waiting game and bizarre side affects such as nausea and fatigue for almost two months. I was 2 weeks late. also, if this helps, I am 50 POUNDS PASSED THE WEIGHT CAPACITY (165lbs) AND IT WORKED!!! :) good luck ladies :) you have nothing to worry about. it works!!"
"It&#039;s the only medication that works for my hemorrhoid flare up. "
"Took lutera for 5 months, probably my worst birth control experience. 

Pros: Not Pregnant! So, at least that part worked.
Cons: my face EXPLODED in acne. Other kinds I&#039;ve tried controlled the acne very well, but this seemed to make my skin turn into a minefield of sore, red, under-the-skin pimples. I&#039;ve been off it for almost 2 months and my face is much better. Also, had terrible mood swings. I even hit my boyfriend with a shoe :( I&#039;ve felt much better and much more like myself since then. It gave me this strange, clear discharge all the tim too, that is all gone now."
"Thank you for inventing this drug!!!! I was in so much pain, I truly wanted to end my life, until my doctor finally prescribed this! I have a whole new lease on life now. My only worry is, he&#039;s worried he will have to take me off it soon because his clinic doesn&#039;t want to be in bad standing for prescribing it. That would be just awful if he stops my prescription."
"I&#039;m on day 2 of Portia-28 pack, started my period Saturday and my gynecologist told me to start the pill on Sunday, I couldn&#039;t get to pharmacy so I started on Monday. Since day 1 I have noticed a change in my period already it immediately lightened it up, usually my periods are heavy the first 2-3 days. I am also sporting a Kotex super plus or super, now I don&#039;t need a tampon and when I took my regular tampon out after it being in all day the blood was brown. I also have noticed my sex drive has spiked and so far no nasty side effects such as nausea or breast tenderness. I am sure as much as it has already shortened my period I won&#039;t be spotting throughout the month. I hope it stays this great for me for as long as I take it :)"
"Works well but is insanely expensive.

"
"I took Pristiq for one day. It was the most distressing experience ever. For about 48 hours, had blurry vision, jumpy eyes, dizziness, sweating, and kept changing moods every 5 minutes. First was crying, then felt high and was starring into space. Have taken Lexapro before and never felt anything remotely close to this horrible. This medicine was not for me."
"After having major oral surgery I was given this and I was skeptical about this medicine, I had never heard of it before but it really helped with the pain. I later found out it was the same as Percocet, which I was familiar with."
"It helps me a lot."
"I&#039;ve been told that due to my type of birth control if I am a little late taking it, as long as it&#039;s same day it would still be effective. Well I&#039;ve had a bit of a time adjusting to it but it was still somewhat predictable (If I don&#039;t take it exactly the same time I spot). Well I didn&#039;t spot which was odd and made me paranoid. My ovary hurt a week after spotting (sign of being fertile/ovulating). So I took Aftera. The cramps hurt for a few days and possible UTI so I drank a whole lot of water and tea. Overall I didn&#039;t feel much different than when I had cramps before birth control. 

TLDR (Too long; didn&#039;t read): Not pregnant. Aftera did it&#039;s job I believe. Changing my b.c. time so I can remember it easier."
"I use to get Toradol I.M injections for cyclic vomiting syndrome. My stomach pain becomes very severe at times and Toradol 1ml injection is the only thing that will stop the pain when I&#039;m having an episode."
"My 19 yr old daughter was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis this past year...her inflammation markers were off the charts. She took meloxicam for a couple of months, but it really hurt her stomach to where she couldn&#039;t eat. They put her on Plaquenil about 6 months ago...she is doing great. Recently had blood work and her inflammation is almost all gone...no side effects for her. I hope this medicine can help other people."
"Great for short time use"
"Anxiety has been crazy since moving cities and hard finding work. I can&#039;t calm down. Started lexapro or the generic brand  at 10mg a day. Had orgasm problems first like 4-5 days hard to urinate. Mild head ache. And vivid dreams. But I stuck it out after two weeks side effect mostly went away and doctor instructed to up it to 20mg a day and now I honestly feel no extra side effects most have all gone away already by week 3. I feel a little better about being able to control my anxiety and intrusive thoughts. But still feel kinda depressed and anti social. I&#039;m gonna keep trying tho. Its helped the anxiety already so I think it&#039;ll take longer for everything to settle in. I take it at night cause it makes it sleepy. Wake up fine the next day."
"This is my first 24 hours of having it on. At first I was really shaky, I now feel sick to my stomach. I&#039;ve thrown up and I feel really weak. I had bad experiences with other birth controls. Doctor told me not to take it off, what do I do..?"
"I have suffered with some depression but mostly anxiety for the past 15 years. I have taken Celexa and then Lexapro off and on (mainly on) for most of those years. While the Lexapro helps some, I still always had difficulty with my energy levels and with coping during really stressful situations. I was recently tested for MTHFR gene mutation, and was found to have the 1298c mutation, which can affect my brain&#039;s ability to utilize folate in order to make needed serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine. My doctor prescribed Deplin (l-methylfolate), and even though I had read many good reviews, I was still hesitant. I have to say it has been a miracle for me. It&#039;s like this dark cloud has been lifted, and my anxiety has completely disappeared."
"Absolutely no side effects. I lost weight on this medication, however if you do not want to lose weight, talk to your psychiatrist and they can prescribe medications that can help you gain weight if you are underweight. 
This medication worked perfectly on my depression and I have not relapsed since I was weaned off it. No sexual side effects, it actually helped my sex life I am so happy I tried it."
"Works very well to prevent symptoms of Acute Mountain Sickness with no perceived side effects.  I take 125mg twice per day as recommended by the altitudemedicine.org website for high altitude hiking.  This actually speeds up the bodys acclimitization process and doesn&#039;t just treat the symptoms. Highly recommend it for staying well on high altitude pursuits."
"I take this for Periodic Limb Movement Disorder. It works but I have a hard time waking up in the morning. I tried to take it earlier in the evening and it still was hard to wake up. I don&#039;t feel like I got a good night sleep because I am groggy most of the day. I will talk to my doctor about different options. If it wasn&#039;t for this side effect, it works great for PLMD."
"I was diagnosed with severe migraines a little over a year and a half ago. I was prescribed Nortriptyline as an everyday medication and Imitrex as a &quot;needed emergency pain reliever.&quot; The Nortriptyline doesn&#039;t always work, and since I am a teenager, I am still in school. If I get a migraine in school, I am supposed to take an Imitrex and go straight back to class. Unfortunately for me, the Imitrex makes me extremely drowsy and sometimes delirious, usually forcing me to go home and still live with the pain of migraines for at least another 12 hours, but it can still last for up to 3 days afterwards. Thankfully, the Nortriptyline works 95% of the time, but the Imitrex only works a good 75% of the time, and then I&#039;m still put out of commission."
"Made stomach upset early on, gurgly/hunger feeling. Goes away. Severe prolonged sub-clinical hypothyroidism resulted in needing this medicine. Makes my Cytomel work. And reduced my anxiety to manageable levels. Even the little painful scab bumps I used to get on my scalp are gone.. gone! Those things were as painful as a bee sting the day after."
"I started taking Epzicom almost 2 years ago when I found out I had HIV. And my blood count has been going up and I have been feeling GREAT!"
"It works completely within 30 to 60 minutes.  However my migraines do come back the next day.  Am a little concerned about taking Cambia everyday.  Have been getting migraines daily for the last 8 days.  The meds you take daily to stop migraines make me feel like I&#039;m wrapped in cotton and out of touch with the world. "
"I began my weight loss journey with Contrave on 4-10-2015 after being prescribed by my PCP. I went for my follow-up appointment today 4-20-2015 and I have not lost weight which is currently at 178lbs. I&#039;m now on my 2 pills a day and it has definitely been a difference in my cravings and hunger feelings. I&#039;m able to say no even though the foods look and smell good. However my 1st 7 days I was still hungry and craving sweets but no bad side effects thus far, other than being bloated and gassy. My doctor stated everyone doesn&#039;t initially lose weight within the first 10 days but there are some that do. I&#039;m hoping I will see results soon trying to stay positive and continue to workout and watch my calorie intake."
"DO NOT USE. I am 18 years old with no health problems what so ever, and I&#039;ve never had any health problem. I was on sprintec for 3 months and I started getting very bad headaches Daily but I didn&#039;t think anything of them because I recently have tried to cut out my caffeine. Then I started getting blurry vision. I went for an eye exam because I&#039;ve always worn glasses and they sent me to a specialist. Turns out I had papilledema, which was caused by a pseudo tumor. After having a mri, ct, weekly trips to the specialist and to the neurologist, we finally found our answers. DO NOT USE!!!!!!!"
"Wow. It sure did the job.  No pregnancies because I lost my sex drive and became dry. I don&#039;t do any drugs nor smoke.  And I had mood swings that were insane.  Once, I got to the point were I couldn&#039;t go to sleep at night and went through my boyfriend&#039;s phone and accused him of cheating. So just please beware and if others are noticing symptoms, I hope they speak out because I didn&#039;t come to terms with it until I reached a scary point."
"I was prescribed Inderal to help with Primary Ortostatic Tremors. I did not get any relief with this medication for that condition. However. I discovered that whenever I stop taking Inderal, I end up with a migraine headache. I take 20 mg at bedtime. It makes me sleepy and gives me nightmares which continue to this day. However, the side effects are tolerable and well worth putting up with to prevent getting migraines. I highly recommend this medication for preventing migraines."
"Neuropathy and about 25 different side effects dealing with neuropathy that lasted over 2 years.  Stay away from this drug"
"Zoloft is a fantastic AD. It gave me motivation and helped me get back out there into my life. It didn&#039;t work that well for anxiety, but your mileage may vary. Even switching up as little as 50mg would bring back the &quot;punch&quot; if it &quot;pooped out.&quot; Highly recommend."
"On day 8 taking 50mg dose and I cannot believe how effective this medication is. I was suffering from anxiety, extreme irritability &amp; low moods for a number of months before my doctor prescribed it for me. So far the only side effect I have experienced is mild headaches, usually in the evening time. I take my dose in the morning after breakfast and I feel so much calmer, good humoured and relaxed - more like the old me. I don&#039;t sweat the small stuff anymore and feel my stress levels have dropped considerably. Fingers crossed this good feeling lasts!"
"I&#039;m 25 and have been on depo for about 14 months and the only good thing is no periods!! But I still have cramps from time to time.... Since using depo I have been diagnosed with anxiety and outrageous depression to the point I&#039;m on meds... I noticed alot of stomach pain, tingling in hands or feet, feeling nauseated when eating food, hair lost and weight gain. Went from size 16 to 22.. Always in a down mood and it killed my sex drive This drug is definitely not for me... Been off for 4 months now and still no sign of a period.... Hopefully it changes soon"
"I am 35 years old and have been a smoker since I was 13 quitting once due to pregnancy. I was up to a pack and a half of cigarettes a day and one day I just had enough. I talked to my doctor about chantix. I started chantix  On April 24,2015 and by day 3 I was down to about 2 cigarettes a day, mostly because they were there not because I wanted them. I lost my best friend on may 10,2015 and on the 18th  I smoked my last cigarette that morning. I haven&#039;t touched one since and I am only taking one chantix every other day. Chantix really is the miracle drug. I am concerned about the long term affects of this drug,but the only thing I have had is vivid dreams(but not bad), constipation, and the gas is horrible, but I can deal with that."
"After a short addiction to roxicodone I was steered into a methadone clinic and I tried to quit for a little over 2 years and I just couldn&#039;t do it cold turkey!  I&#039;ve been on Subutex and Suboxone. They both are amazing! Saved my life!  I just wish more people were educated on this medication. I have never gotten &quot;high&quot; from buprenorphine. If more people knew how to obtain this treatment I&#039;m sure they would!"
"This has been a lifesaver for me for anxiety and insomnia.  I was on Zoloft 75mg for the last 5 months and it was of little benefit.  I&#039;ve only been on 7.5 mg of Remeron for 7 days but the results have been great, (still also on 75mg of Zoloft). Remeron gives me a good 8-9 hours of sleep every day, a strong appetite (I lost 25 pounds in 5 months when I began to have these problems).  My energy level is returning to normal.  90% of my anxiety is gone.  It is nothing short of a miracle.  Yes, I feel a bit groggy &amp; dopey for an hour or two after I wake up but that is a small price to pay for me getting my life back."
"Taking for back pain in left lower disc. Works very good but I must take it by 8pm or after dinner or I wake up very sluggish the next morning (I wake up at 8:30am) and feel cloudy headed for the whole morning. I only take it when the pain is really bad."
"In April  of 2012, I was diagmosed to have GIST high grade by my Doctors. The tumor was resectable and it was removed immediately. My surgeon removed 80% of my stomach and I find it successful operation. My Oncologist prescribed Glivec (Imatinib) 100 mg x 4 tabs a day for two (2) years from August 24, 2012 to August 24, 2014.I had my PET Scan every six (6) months for the surveilance of possible tumor recurrence, PET scan was stopped in 2015 since the tumor did not recur until now.  It was hard in the first 2 months since my skin had discoloration and allergies but I beat them all. I live a happy life with my family with prayers with the Lord above. Glivec is a wonderful cancer drug but it was so expensive. GOD SPEED."
"I&#039;ve been
taking 1800 mg of gabapentin for restless legs since April of this year..it has been wonderful. Plus, I get a tad drowsy..but,  alas there is a problem..weight gain..I&#039;ve been on a 1200 calorie diet and I continue to gain weight...15lbs since the end of April...what to do?"
"Way too many side effects. Felt worse with this drug than I did with A Flutter and A-Fib. Dangerous med."
"74 year old male, triple bypass in 2002.  Cholesterol around 300 previous to drug therapy, now at 116.  Tried many varieties of statins, all had arthritis like side effects.  Haven&#039;t noticed the same issues with this drug, arthritic pain now only occurs after strenuous labor.  Drug is very expensive and financial help not easy to come by.  NO luck with the PAN network."
"Do NOT drink energy drinks while taking this. I could not stop moving. Besides that it does the job."
"I didn&#039;t realize how stressed I was until I&#039;d been taking Prozac for 6 weeks and compared myself to what I was like the previous month. I&#039;d been stressed for a really long time. Now, less stressed, I&#039;m more focused and productive in work! I didn&#039;t think that was possible. I&#039;m also creative again. I feel I have a chemical imbalance that needed redressed. I always thought having to take anti depressants was a sign of failure but now I realize it&#039;s just a chemical imbalance. Good luck!"
"Had terrible acne on my chin and used this product on it, it took a few weeks to work but now it works amazing and I have no zits anywhere, and if I feel one coming on I just put some on it and its gone the next day."
"I tried the Mirena due to heavy periods. I was 49 when I had it inserted. The cycle of the insertion last about 15 days. After that, my period hadn&#039;t lightened up at all. I actually had a period starting two weeks after the last one during the 5th month. I decided after the period of the seventh month that I wanted it removed. My cycle was still 6-7 days, but the last two months included an extra day of spotting started. By this time in the journey, I had celebrated my 50th birthday, knew that having more children was not on my &quot;To Do&quot; list, and really wanted my heavy periods to end. So, I had it removed and I am now scheduled for the ablation procedure. I had high hopes for the Mirena, but it wasn&#039;t the right fit for me."
"The medication seems to work, but it also seems to cause bothersome itching. However, you have to do it to get the GGT levels down."
"I used to have migraines several times a week. When I was diagnosed with migraines the first thing they put me on was propranolol and since starting the medication, I haven&#039;t had a single migraine."
"I have a hiatal hernia and GERD and this has been the only medicine that allows me to eat and keep it down. I can tell when I forget my pill."
"I am 36 yr old 5&#039;4 226 lb. Type 1 insulin pump dependent diabetic.  I was lost.  Nothing worked. I started Qsymia on 02/18/2013, the day after my birthday.  I needed help.  I had no will power.  So, after doing my research, deciding I had to make a change for me. I started Qysmia, a low carb diet, and joined a gym.  I am happy to report I have lost 22 pounds. I have many more to go, but I have also lowered my insulin in half, and am working to delete my other dependency on blood pressure and cholesterol medications.  Thanks Qysmia, you helped me get my life back. "
"I&#039;ve been taking Sronyx for about 3 weeks. I am on my 4th day on my inactive pills. Last night I woke up with really bad cramps and to a really heavy period. Which has never happened before my periods before birth control were very light and no cramping. 

I&#039;ve also experience Breast growth, and a little weight gain."
"I have been dealing with lower back and leg pain for the last year and half. I was started with Oxys 5mg. It took awhile to figure out how much I needed to make through a day. It could be anywhere from 2 to 8 daily and never had any problem working. My script was change to Percs. 5mg. and they seem to work a lot better and only needed at most 4 per day, but I had a hard time trying to work. My last script was for Endocet 10mg. I took one before I went to bed and the next day waking up was real hard to do things like talking. I&#039;m only using a 1/2 of one at a time at this point and on a good day just a half on a bad day 1 &amp; 1/2."
"Goes well with Wellbutrin."
"I had 2 miscarriages within six months of each other.  After the 2nd, my anxiety was non-stop.  I started having panic attacks.  I tried paxil and Celexa which helped a little, but didn&#039;t take the anxiety away.  I finally started zoloft a few months ago and at first I was zombie-like, and could barely stay awake, but my Dr encouraged me to give it 4 weeks.  I did, and I am really happy that I toughed it out.  I haven&#039;t been this calm since before my miscarriages.  I am finally feeling relaxed and relief.  The only negative effect I am having is teeth grinding/clenching but I had that on the other drugs as well.  I am no longer exhausted, I feel normal again."
"I must say this medicine has really helped me so much I recommend this to anyone looking to gain weight. When I first started I was maybe sleepy the first week, but I got over it. I have been on this med for almost a month &amp; gained 10 pounds already &amp; im love the results."
"I am a 36 year old female new to the world of high blood pressure. I am a runner, healthy eater, and maintain a good weight- but my father has high blood pressure. After an ER visit with high blood pressure and an episode of tachycardia- I was told to see a cardiologist.  My BP remained at 145/100 for about a month so he put me on lisinopril 10mg. Being paranoid about the side effects- I have only taken 5mg per day for the last week. My BP is pretty stable at about 117/85. Side effects/ minimal coughing. Fatigue and dizziness."
"The actual effects were great. I did not experience any negative effects except for nausea on the first couple of days. "
"On 5 mg for about 3 weeks now, no noticeable improvement in depression, way more anxiety, itchiness and a lot more suicidal ideation.  Doesn&#039;t seem to be working for me."
"I was prescribed Tri Lo Sprintec to use for birth control as well as to help my acne. On day 3 of this pill, my legs began getting very itchy. In the days following, I had sparks of pressure in both of my legs up until day 9 where the pain had become one sided and started making my right leg throb non stop. Birth control has ties to blood clots so I was super worried. I stopped taking the pill right away after that and my leg pain went away within 2 days. It also gave me really bad acne even though I had only been on it for less than a week and a half. I do not recommend this pill at all."
"Easy to bruise, a bit of a bleeder, but I&#039;m still alive after 2 years.  Other clogged arteries are stable.  Good news...  I&#039;ve been also told I&#039;m a lifer.  No side effects that I can tell other than the minor ones above."
"Took simvastatin only once and had a bad case of vertigo within 30 minutes of going to sleep.  The next day I felt OK for the most part, but that night I was playing drums in my band and had to stop after 40 minutes (we normally practice an hour and a half or more) because I was so exhausted.  The rest of the night I felt like my whole body was being squeezed, and my muscles were really weak.  I woke up 3 times during the night with my heart racing and feeling like I was going to pass out. I drank 1 liter of water in 2 hours, and finally fell asleep at 4AM. If I hadn&#039;t improved after 4AM I would have gone to the hospital.  The next day I felt almost 100%, but my left arm ached all day. And this was just taking it once. It&#039;s not for me."
"okay so when I originally read reviews for this pill, I was TERRIFIED. I assume you understand why. But I decided to give it a shot since my old bc (lutera) was not working for my body.
having previously struggled pretty badly with acne, I was prepared for the worst. My skin did get worse, yes, but with a consistent skin care routine I have managed it back to normal. 
I have been on this pill for 6 months and I actually like it a lot. I get cramps but my periods are 2 days, if at all. I had some break through bleeding at the beginning but it wasn&#039;t bad at all and did not bother me. It&#039;s worth a shot. 
Not all birth controls are perfect. You are pumping your body with hormones that shouldn&#039;t be there, hence the side affects. good luck!"
"I am a 35 Year young Man. I&#039;ve been diagnosed, with Fibromyalgia twice over a period of 14 years. The first was by my Primary caregiver. He was positive that was what I was dealing with so he doped me to say the least, wake up to Narcotics, keep up through the day with stimulants and lay down with anti-depressants and sleeping pills. I quit seeing him. I continued with the pain for years, and then went to a neurologist, and he reaffirmed the diagnosis. I have been going through the medicines the same as you all have, Lyrica, Cymbalta, cyclobenzaprine, all the above, until  Savella just three days ago. I am realizing relief for the first time in a very very long time, no side effects and I pray it keeps getting better and better. Keep going."
"This pill has worked pretty good for me, I&rsquo;m 18 and I&rsquo;ve had problems with my periods being very painful until I got on this pill. My period has shortened to 3-4 days and comes every 28 days. The one downside about this pill is it made my very moody and depressed for awhile when I first stared it"
"Had a double ear and sinus infection that didn&#039;t clear up with a round of antibiotics, went back to the walk in and was prescribed Avelox.  Scariest side effects EVER. After about 30 minutes I felt a cold wave hit me in my stomach , I felt dizzy , lost feeling in most of the left side of my
body, developed rashes and purple splotches all over my upper chest area, had trouble breathing , became hypertensive and ended up with slurred speech and was in and out of consciousness until medical help arrived. Very scary. And that was just the first pill..."
"I was on Buprenorphine for 13 months for Fibromyalgia after 2 car accidents. It did help and relieve a lot of my pain, but at first I was so drowsy, I was falling asleep while driving. Also, the withdrawals from this medication can last for weeks."
"I&#039;ve been on seasonale for two years it it&#039;s the first birth control I&#039;ve ever takenand I love the results!  My periods are shorter and less crampy, I&#039;m also no longer a hag during pms because pms doesn&#039;t exist for me anymore :)
I do occasionally get breakthrough bleeding but that&#039;s definitely my own fault for taking a pill a few hours late. 
My main complaint is that I cry way more now - watching cheesy commercials and when I&#039;m mad - and that I&#039;ve gained weight,  every time I restart my new pack I&#039;m starving all week and want to eat everything in sight.  My boobs obviously got bigger too but I&#039;m not complaining there. 
Still a thumbs up from me !"
"I have been taking Geodon for 2 weeks yesterday 20mg x 2. And this is my first day on 40mg x 2 . So far I can&#039;t tell if in manic or getting better.  I&#039;m getting a lot more done and feels like manic.  I don&#039;t mind. But you hope it lasts I have been in a ....dark?... depression for almost 3 years ( and had 2 children), so now I&#039;m just happy to be motivated to do anything at all. I&#039;m really happy 
"
"From (way) past experiences, lorazepam works better than diazepam (Valium) or alprazolam (Xanax) when comparing correctly converted dosages, administered for the same purposes of anxiolysis for clinically significant anxiety related to adjustment disorders, and potentization of concurrently administered fentanyl or other narcotic for outpatient procedures, whether of a  surgical nature, or diagnostic and imaging procedures for an individual who may have difficulty remaining still for extended periods of time, as in an MRI.  While midazolam (Versed) is the traditional benzo- favorite to be combined with fentanyl via IV, especially for the better retro- and anteriograde amnesia it usually provides, midazolam is difficult to obtain by pill."
"I took 15 mg instant release Ritalin for ADHD, to combat daytime sleepiness, and focus on med school studies. I have mixed feelings about this medication. It improved my focus a lot, but it also had some negative effects. I was very nauseous after taking the pill and would sometimes gag. Nausea was absent on days I didn&#039;t take it. I had no appetite so I wasn&#039;t eating enough, which isn&#039;t ideal because I am already thin and not looking to lose weight. I would try to eat before taking the pill but I did notice either a decreased efficacy of the drug. It also increased my heart rate to about 120 beats per min (I am normally about 75). This did help me feel motivated and get work done, I just wish I didn&#039;t experience these side effects."
"I&#039;ve been using 75mg Effexor for 9 weeks now and it has changed my life. I wake up looking forward to the day and can remain focused throughout. I woke up on my 30th Birthday feeling very depressed and could not believe that&#039;s how I felt everyday before taking Effexor.
My libido is back to where it was a year ago and the only side effect I experience is an upset stomach during very intense work outs. I see a therapist and that too has helped. My wife says I&#039;m now a different person."
"I was on this med for  four weeks four months ago. After about   3 weeks I felt good. Now back on it for 14 days ,because of a relapse of my infection"
"It&#039;s the only one I trust with my allergies..."
"I have had the Mirena for about 3 and a half years now. For the first 1 year to 1 and a half it was great, after that it went down hill. I have felt like I have had no energy at times, have horrible headaches, felt sick suddenly, moody and depression. I just don&#039;t feel like myself. "
"It was effective in handling the infection in my teeth but approximately 3 weeks after finishing the second course of it, I have developed the annoying vaginal itch and discharge. I am post menopausal and was pretty sure the cephalexin was the culprit."
"I have had MS for well over a decade and have been on AVONEX for 2.5 years. I believe this medicine is working well. I have had one small clinical relapse.  I make sure to drink plenty of water during the day and take an ibuprofen before my injection. I have had a headache a few times the following morning. This is the only possible side effect I have had."
"Adderall has changed my life. I have so much more energy, I&#039;m more alert, and can stay focused on tasks a lot easier. However, I notice when it is starting to wear off, I get really moody. So, I make sure I&#039;m not around people when that&#039;s the case. I was really worried about becoming dependent, so at least once or twice a week, I don&#039;t take it all to make sure I&#039;m not addicted. Another warning, don&#039;t take this after 1pm. You will be up all night. It sucks. Your body will be so tired and you&#039;ll want to go to sleep, but your mind is just alert and wide awake!

It really suppresses the appetite too but the longer you take it, the less effect it has!"
"Well I was just prescribed vyvanse today for Binge eatin disorder (BED) and I&#039;d have to say I&#039;m pretty excited. For me I can be very conscious about trying not to eat but I always cave and eat until I&#039;m sick, especially at night. I have 6 more days of 30 mg and then 60 days of 50 mg. I&#039;d have to say after the first day I&#039;m very excited and hopeful as I did eat normal meals and enjoyed them, however I feel no urge to eat the snacks that I don&#039;t need."
"With Ativan I still felt like myself and it made me happy. I didn&#039;t have to feel all shitty and boring. Ativan saved me! It releases faster in my opinion or it reacts nicer."
"I took the pill the day of our &quot;accident&quot; and  41 days later I find out I&#039;m pregnant"
"I had a monkey on my back and the circus was in town, until I found Suboxone.  It has really helped me and I am getting better every day.  It is a long road but Suboxone makes it a little easier to walk.  Thank you so much for giving me my life back."
"With having discomfort for years after i had been to the doctors  and they weren&#039;t quite sure what was wrong with me and diagnosed me with ibs. After years of not getting better they decided to do a endoscopy and it showed I had esophagitis.  They started me of on 20mg for 2 weeks then increased to 40mg I must say I had no side effects and not one bellyache or chest pain or heartburn since I am overall happy with this drug."
"This stuff is easily the best nose spray I&#039;ve used. However, the cap is nearly impossible to open.

Part of the problem is the base (trigger) moves while you are trying to remove the cap when you first open it. You also need a strong grip to squeeze the sides as directed on the cap to remove it.

Highly recommended, but you will spend some time trying to open it when you use it for the first time."
"This is the only allergy medicine that has ever worked for me.  I&#039;ve been using it since it was a prescription only capsule and I&#039;m honestly suffering without it.  Why they took it off the market is beyond reason?"
"I was getting angry itchy red patches on my cheeks that went scaly and looked awful. Mindful of the need to be very cautious with such a steroid medication on the face I used the thinnest tiniest amount just on the red areas. I applied it first late evening. When I got up in the morning I was astonished and delighted to see a 90% improvement, redness virtually gone and no itching. This stuff is potent and highly effective. 24 - 36 hours should be enough to completely solve my issue. Very happy."
"I got the implant inserted in February 2016 and have been bleeding ever since. The bleeding is light but very annoying and is interfering with my relationship. Although the negative side effects, the implant has worked"
"I have had a horrible experience with this cream. my face is so painfully dry even in the spots I didn&#039;t put the cream. my eyes, the crease under my lip, my nose and the corners of my lips are so dry there is now even blisters developing. It hurts to put anything on besides coconut oil but that&#039;s not helping and I am at a loss."
"I first got the Implanon in March of 08.. wasn&#039;t bad at all. I loved it up until March of this year. For the first two years I had my period at the beginning of the year and at the end of the year. In March of 2010 I began having very heavy periods that lasted a good week or two. Then things really picked up this summer and after talking with my husband I decided to get it taken out and see if things straightened it (only time will tell). Thinking about getting a new one sometime next year. I really loved having it!"
"Ever since I&#039;ve been taking this I wake up throwing up in the middle of the night- yuck!!"
"Awful.  I lost 10 pounds in 5 weeks before I had to quit Topamax due to side effects, which were terrible.  They included:  memory loss and &quot;senior moments&quot; which increased 10-fold, I think this medicine dropped my IQ at least 15 points, that &quot;I&#039;m not part of this world&quot; feeling of disconnectedness; and overheating to the point that I simply could not work out.

Gained the 10 pounds back within 3 weeks of quitting."
"This is the best medicine out there. It makes me a better person. I love it. I have anxiety and depression and this is the only thing that makes me tolerable to be around. Levels me out and makes me happy."
"Most of my life I&#039;ve been a good sleeper but as I&#039;ve aged not so much anymore. The reasons are mostly related to pain. My rheumatologist prescribed trazodone because I could not tolerate most of the other meds. So I&#039;ve been taking Tylenol PM with good results but with an awful hangover of 5-6 hours the morning after. So far the trazodone has given me the same benefit minus the morning fog. I&#039;ve cut the pill in half and it has given me several nights of painless continued sleep. Awakening rested, painless and ready to start my day. Hopefully this may solve my sleepless problem and some pain too. I don&#039;t like medication but sometimes it really is necessary."
"Controls blood pressure very well, but causes impotence. I understand the diuretic part (hydrochlorothiazide) is the culprit, but it&#039;s very effective otherwise."
"This medicine, combined with 15mg of Remeron (the sedating antidepressant) has improved my quality of life ten-fold! Ambien (zolpidem) works very quickly and puts me to sleep within 20 minutes; Remeron works more slowly and keeps me in a deep, restful sleep. I&#039;ve tried both medicines in isolation, with limited success. Taking only zolpidem gives me a short sleep of  about 4 hours.  On its own, Remeron will put me to sleep for 7-9 hours but takes two hours to start working. The combination of the two is perfectly synergistic!  It&#039;s the &quot;silver bullet&quot; to my insomnia and low-grade depression, which I&#039;ve had all of my 35 years. I&#039;ve never been happier or healthier!"
"I have taken Lexapro for three months and never felt better after suffering a stroke at the age of 23 due to a birth defect in my brainstem.  I was switched to Celexa because my insurance does not cover Lexapro. I felt all the anxiety, panic attacks, trouble sleeping, not wanting to get off the couch return. I went back on Lexapro and will pay whatever the cost. The side effects, for me, are  weight gain. I gained 10 pounds despite running 6 to 12 miles a day. I crave bad, bad food, which I never used to care about. My sex drive is, well, gone. I have to work on it. I guess 10lbs, paying the monthly price at the pharmacy, and the side effects above are well worth my quality of life."
"I am a Type 1 diabetic for 43 years. I have used virtually every insulin available as well as various insulin pumps over the many years I have been dealing with diabetes. None of the long acting insulins I have ever taken has behaved so well as far as keeping blood sugar stable while fasting. I now have to question whether I ever had dawn phenomenon since I no longer seem to have any rise in blood sugar in the morning. My guess is that we all have different responses to the different insulins. For me this is a game changer. Best I have felt in many years. Keep in mind that it for me it took about a week to see good results and I adjusted the dose in the second week as well. Hope more people have same experience."
"I started taking 20 mgs 2 X daily for chronic back pain associated with degenerative disc disease and bulging disc disease and it has worked wonders for my pain. It has even taken away my anxiety and depression disorder.  I would definitely recommend it to someone who really needs it."
"I have been taking this pill for about 7 months now and I thought that all the side effects it was giving me was something else so I just ignored them. Until now, when I finally hit it on the head and realized all my weird mood swings and everything are from this pill. I&#039;m going to my doctor to switch. Every day I&#039;m so depressed and want to cry all the time. I&#039;ve lost interest in social activities and some days all I can do is lay in bed all day from fatigue and exhaustion over doing nothing. My skin is extremely oily and my hair that was once very thick is falling out. The smallest things irritate me and on my period it feels like the world is ending. I have difficulties breathing, dizzy spells, huge cravings for junk food. "
"I have severe IC. This is the only Med that my Urologist will prescribe for my 9/10 pain. I take 50mg 3x/day. It does lower pain level to a 1/2. However I get headaches and just a bit &quot;foggy&quot;.
All things considered though I cannot function with the pain so I have to tolerate these side effects in order to live a &quot;normal&quot; life.
Norco did work better but my MD will no longer prescribe that due to addiction possibilities."
"After 5 infusions, I have developed nucleated red blood cells. I am now waiting to hear what the neurologist has to say, but as this is a rare but documented side effect, I am done with Tysabri. This was my first medication, and I am loath to try another. Quality of life has got to be a better option than all of these chemicals that will just make me sick."
"starting taking estrovan and on the fourth day I started noticing my tongue and throat was starting to swell, went to the ER and had a bad case of dry mouth and throat."
"No periods, no major side effects(only a little weight gain).  I had it for over a year before my 1st and only child in may 2014, and after giving birth, in total 3yrs and I love it.  I&#039;m 25yrs old."
"I am 59 year old woman - I had bizarre dreams every night and I also suffered severe muscle spasms on Trintellix."
"This slow release medication works 100% better than taking guanfacine three times a day.  We still need find a way to tweak my son&rsquo;s evenings, but it&rsquo;s tolerable."
"Best allergy medicine I have tried. Works for normal allergies, and even helps with rashes and other allergic reactions."
"Wish I&#039;d read the reviews. Have used this product for many years but they must have changed the formula. Sheer and utter torment. Burning, itching, aching all night despite wiping out as much as possible. Do not use!"
"I have been on cetirizine for about 2 years now. I am now off it now. This medicine can cause severe itching when you come off of it. A full body itch that is completely distracting and makes you want to tear all of your skin off. I have tried to ween myself off of it, lowering my dose from 20mg to 10mg per day gradually over time, but this has had little effect. After about 48 hours of not having the medicine my body goes into full itch. I have to wear winter boots and oven mitts and jean clothing to prevent myself from itching. "
"Honestly, I feel guilty for feeling great... But I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for 6 months now and I feel totally different. I was diagnosed with GAD, generalized anxiety disorder. I had serious issues with social anxiety, irritation, nervousness, constant worrying, and seldom depression. After taking the medicine for about 3 months I felt like a I&#039;ve never felt before. I started to worry alot less, I started to avoid confrontation, and also was able to talk to people without feeling intense anxiety. This medicine really works well. The only negative side effects I&#039;ve experienced was nausea in the first month and consistent fatigue. Working out and mid day naps have subsided the fatigue. My suggestion would be to take your dose  in the evening."
"After using Nasacort for several weeks, The allergy subsided, but I have completely lost my sense of smell and taste.  I stopped using the Nasacort and began just using saline spray and to my very upsetting dismay, I can still smell nothing!  This product has changed my life in such a negative way!  I cannot smell the flowers that are now coming up in my garden.  I cannot taste the food I am making to see what spices it may need.  I cannot smell the perfume that my husband bought me for Christmas.  I cannot even tell if something is burning in the oven.  This is just a terrible side effect -  AND one that is not even listed on the packaging!"
"If you are reading this and are currently freaking out, please stop! I was in your same position. I had sex with my boyfriend on June 26, and the condom broke. Immediately after, I drove to the store and bought Plan B. I took it within the hour. Over the next couple of days, I experienced mild cramps and a little dizziness, but other than that, I felt completely fine. I began to wonder if the pill didn&#039;t work because I wasn&#039;t having any other side effects. Today is July 8 and I got my period, only 2 days late! I know you&#039;re reading all of these reviews and hoping to make everything okay, but I promise you that the pill WORKS. Don&#039;t stress out. Just be patient and give it time!"
"My Doctor started me on Xanax.  It helped with anxiety but it was a take as needed. I felt like I was waiting for a bomb to drop waiting for that lost feeling.  My Doctor switched me to Lexapro.  I&#039;ve been on it for a week now, and I feel like my old self.  I&#039;m amazed, and so is my family with the difference in my mood.  I feel so grateful."
"I&#039;m currently on bactrim, first day taking the medication and I saw an immediate difference. My Uti&#039;s are horrible, I&#039;m normally awaken from my sleep, as they hurt that bad. I&#039;m up for hours on hours sitting on the toilet due to the urge. Bactrim is helping this a lot. Also I see a lot of people are feeling sick while taking this medicine, my doctor recommends that I take the medicine with food, hope this helps you guys in the future if you&#039;re experiencing sickness."
"Works great, works almost instantly."
"Took for bipolar. Good side effects: more or less consistently put me to sleep every night. Bad side effects: gained roughly 20 lbs 6 months in, had a difficult time getting up every day, needed more sleep than usual.

It helped for awhile, but it mostly made my episodes less severe, did not effectively stop or prevent them."
"Took 25mg and thought I was going to die. Worst medicine ever. I have never been so sick in my life. Was not even able to take care of my child for two days bc I was so sick. All from one half of a pill. Beware of this medicine. I had problems breathing."
"This medicine is God sent. I am thankful every day that my doctor was awesome enough to suggest it. I still have golf ball sized knots on my back and would like a back massage 24/7 but who wouldn&#039;t! I love it and don&#039;t even know if I could continue to get out of bed every day without it."
"I started trying gabapentin for fibromyalgia and it has worked really well - I had been on small doses of amitriptyline but that was awful  - made me feel stunned in the morning. Gabapentin, on the other hand, has a shorter half-life and I wake feeling OK."
"Skyla was placed 6 weeks after delivery. Slightly uncomfortable, but so much better than my previous Mirena.  Just take take something over the counter first.  My first period was heavier and longer ( no periods with Mirena after first few months), and I haven&#039;t had another period yet with Skyla.  I still have other PMS tupe symptom like irribility and slight cramping... But no more periods for me ! I&#039;m going on 10 months now"
"It seems to work the same as Vagifem, but costs me nothing! Wahoo!!!! 
I agree with the other reviews about the packaging, but its just a mild inconvenience, I would rather just use my nail to slide the foil back off and save myself the $100. plus a month it used to cost for the vagifem!"
"I am now Hep C cured After being on Dakinza and Solvadi For 12 weeks July 2016 finished September 2016 Only side effects was not sleeping well some nights but my experience using these drugs was positive.  My last blood test was in December 2016 my doctor said no hep c detected and my liver enzymes are all normal. He advised me to be vaccinated for hep A and B Hopefully soon there will be a vaccine for hep c. I&#039;m thankful to be cured and thankful my insurance covered the drug costs."
"Been on Ambien for five years, created tolerance and dependence.  The doctor have me belsomra.  Used it for two months, helped me wean off the ambien, but not at all to help me with my insomnia.  Now trying trazadone, and it works for me."
"Save your vag the additional pain and just call your doctor. I was taking antibiotics for a horrible sinus infection. I ended up getting a YI. In efforts of being proactive and treating the YI early I used this product. I&#039;m in a lot more pain than I was before using. I feel like I&#039;ve been attacked by bees and hot sauce. I hope I feel better in the morning because I have to work. Should&#039;ve read the reviews before purchasing."
"I was given Dexametasone for my cluster headaches. My Dr injects it with lidocaine in the back of my head. It did take away my headaches for 3 months. I immediately knew when it wore off because I received one of the worst headaches. I had forgot what it felt like to get a a headache. I just received more injections for the 2nd time. He gives me about 5 injections on each side of my head at once. I have gained weight and have a swollen face sometimes."
"Inconsistent treatment! This medication caused me dizziness, restlessness, cold sweats, sleep problems, as well as concentration problems. While taking it, my function was a roller coaster ride. For a few days it would work and then I would suddenly have some or all the side effects. It took me 6 months to figure out what was causing these issues. The medication seems to have quite inconsistent effects."
"Really good for sleep.  I don&#039;t like it as an antidepressant, however.  It makes me too hungry, and when I took it for an entire month I did not like the effects it had on me.  I only use it for sleep occasionally, however, I do begin to build up a tolerance if I take it too many nights in a row."
"I started off with seralitine (generic for zoloft),100mg it lifted my mood, I was happier, less angry, calm, and it helped with my moods before my cycle came along. After a while it started to wear off so I started taking 150mg, finally I increased it to 200mg with my docs permission. I loved this dose because it seemed to suit me better, but after a while I noticed my hair shedding really bad. So I switched back to 150mg and it stopped. Everyone is different with side effects but I recommend this drug. It has changed my life for the better, it helps my anxiety,and it helps me not to worry as much. I&#039;m glad I tried it. It does mess with sex drive but some maybe able to work around that."
"Enbrel has worked wonders...although after being on it for a year now I feel as though I have hit a bit of a plateau.  My joint pain has started to re-materialize. "
"Been on this for a few years now, taking 225mg/day. The side effects are unpleasant, but have abated greatly thankfully. When I started there was the WORST DRY MOUTH EVER. Persistent and I couldn&#039;t go five minutes without drinking something.
Had sleep problems with it, including ridiculous night sweats where I&#039;d wake up with a body imprint in my sheets (gross, yes) almost every night. Couldn&#039;t sleep more than 2-4 hours at a time. But trust me when I say these things were nothing compared to what I was feeling before (we&#039;re talking 0.5 on a scale of 1-10) and while I&#039;m not 100% it is certainly the single thing keeping me from killing myself, which is nice.
I can now sleep about 6 hours at a time and only have night sweats if I DON&#039;T take it."
"I suffered a bad panic attack my senior year of college and that experience seemed to open the floodgates of anxiety that I had been keeping dormant most of my life. It was tough for me to get out of the house, go to the gym, see friends and family for months. I finally broke down to my mom and she suggested seeing a therapist. At first I was hesitant to take any meds but I finally gave in and started 10mg of generic Lexapro. Worked wonders and felt fantastic. I stopped taking it a year or so later thinking that I was &quot;cured&quot;. Let me tell you, that was a mistake. My GAD has come back with a vengeance. Started up on the 10 mg lexapro about 10 days ago and I almost feel worse. Maybe it&#039;s just taking its time now but I&#039;m hopeful it will be ok."
"I have been on Prolia for 2 years. I am so happy. Before Prolia, for a couple of the years I had been on Forteo, and I was tired to shot myself into the stomach every day. Again comparing to Forteo, I have much better results with Prolia. What is the most important for me :) Yes, I have some bones pain (legs, back) especially for the first 2 months but, when I see my last Bone Density results, I can bear the pain :)) Thanks Prolia! God is great!!"
"I got my first dose Feb. 24th. I cramped for about 3 weeks. I started to spot around March 20. I&#039;ve been bleeding heavy on and off Since March 22 to present. Its horrible. I have serious mood swings. My face has broken out badly.  And I&#039;m always tired and constantly eating. My body feels weak maybe due to lose of to much blood. I won&#039;t be getting my second dose in May!"
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for about 2 years now. I honestly love it. Only issue I have been noticing lately is acne. I have never had acne issues up until now and I&#039;m 21. Have any of you ladies had acne issues while on this patch and if so what did you do? Any tips would help because this makes me sad. :( but other then that it&#039;s easy going."
"I&#039;m on day 2 and this stuff burns !!! it feels weird when I insert it, probably bc my vagina is swollen and it really burns when u first insert. I believe it works after the whole treatment but during is hell.."
"I have been on the Implanon for almost two years, I&#039;m getting it replaced and putting in a new one sometime in January. I absolutely love it, I don&#039;t get my period for months at a time, my longest one was two months. When I do get it, it is the same I&#039;ve always bled in the beginning of it, and after the first week or so it&#039;s nothing but a light bleeding if hardly any at all. I would recommend it, but you also have to take into consideration that any birth control affects people differently depending on how your body reacts to it. I love it, and have gotten scared about pregnancy since I had my daughter in March of 2010, but that&#039;s only from not getting it for months at a time. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant when I should have. I love it."
"So far, so good.  It&#039;s been 3 months and nail is looking clearer.  I have filed my nail down to almost the nailbed in order to get the ciclopirox to the fungus.  I clip out dead nail and fungus gunk every week when I remove the built up lacquer.  I believe this has helped in the nail getting clearer.  I really think this medicine is working.  Will post again in 3 months."
"Great for Panic disorder."
"This has been the most costly, ineffective, pain CAUSING nightmare of my life! Not only did my insurance company deny its use, it actually caused more musculoskeletal then I already have!  My joints feel like they have all been run over by a truck!  The side effects are horrible!  I only just figured out today, after being on this medication for the past 3 weeks, that the actual medication was making my pain worse!  I have so much joint pain that I can barely get out of bed, not to mention the constant headache and severe fatigue!  I will definitely not continue this medication, in fact, as of today, I am done and am going back to OxyContin. It may have a terrible reputation for being addictive, but at least no side effects!"
"I was prescribed this for chronic pain. It did relieve the pain but made me groggy and nauseated, so I did not continue it."
"It is one of the most powerful medications I have taken for an infection but it works immediately - which rocks! Yet I wondered why I had trouble sleeping, felt anxious (almost to the point of anxiety attack) and nauseated. Now I know it was a side effect. It&#039;s good but be prepared for some of the side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on Mobic a week.  I&#039;m not noticing a lot of help with the pain.   I am very tired all the time,  even though I only take 7.5 mg once a day.  Also, I&#039;m starting to notice problems with my short term memory, not being able to think of words, etc.  This is the only new med I&#039;m taking. "
"Crohn&#039;s and pancreatitis -  The Dilaudid IV works. Just got switched to the pills.  "
"I found it taste nice and lemonoy but struggled with excessive sweetness. Felt  of could be sick but managed to keep it down and working nicely through my system."
"This medication worked for my first acute gout flare, although I was prescribed a low dose 0.3 twice a day because of it&#039;s toxic property. Later I discovered 1.2 for first dose then 0.6 an hour later then prophylactic use until flare up was under control.  The side effects where mainly bowl related. It was probably a good idea to start with a low dose, but did not get relief until I had to start the dose over with 1.2 then 0.6."
"It will be 10 years in October that I&#039;ve been taking Lamictal. I&#039;ve been seizure FREE that long as well. I take 200mg at night and 200mg in the morning. I too experience memory loss and concentration. I feel as though my eyes don&#039;t move normally. Since my dosage was upped I find myself in slow motion. I also notice that I have a form of dyslexia. example: putting on my windshield wipers instead of my blinkers. another example is: when I&#039;m speaking I might say into my sentence what I&#039;m looking at. Talk about makes me feel stupid! I must add that I also take Zonagram which was causing me other side effects like depression and suicidal. After doctors lowered the Zonagram dose, depression and suicidal thoughts were gone but I gained weight."
"I have gained so much weight, and I can&#039;t seem to lose it.... I&#039;ve tried everything. I am always keeping headaches and mood swings. The only good thing about it is, no periods."
"On day 3 of taking this! Throat still sore and have got an Absolutely vile vile vile taste in my mouth which I cannot get rid of! Can&#039;t deside which is worse the tonsillitis or this sickening taste! 
Also feeling hungrier than normal but then food tastes gross because of this acidic metal taste "
"I started Sanctura 4 months ago, I have had urgency and incontinence for many years, and have just lived with it.  I have tried all of the other medications to no avail, one or 2 days benefit only. I complained, with much embarrassment to my Urologist he gave me samples of Sanctura. I will tell you I have been accident free for 4 months, the second day I took the medicine I saw a drastic difference, I wasn&#039;t running to the bathroom every 15 minutes. Wonderful medicine. No side effects."
"Overall, in my experiences I have learned that in terms of extremes... the  Methylphenidates will turn you into an emotionless robot, hollow inside, socially avoidant person unable to experience life&#039;s pleasures. Nothing makes you happy, but at the same time,  nothing can make you sad. 
 
Whereas with the Amphetamines (like Adderall and lesser extent Vyvanse) you become an extremely emotional, almost volatile, person who can experience pleasures in an extreme way. You get so overjoyed by the little things but the smallest of pet peeves can really set you off. 

Vyvanse has been the best one for me. Just be aware of how you are treating those you love especially several months after starting. You may need a secondary med to balance mood."
"I&#039;ve been taking Taxol/Avastin for over 26 months, this is an amazing medicine to treat breast cancer. I had already 85 treatments without stopping. Side effects are nothing compared with the amount of treatments, hair loss, neuropathy, vision problems, nauseous but not to much, teeth problems. But the most important thing is I&#039;m still alive in Stage IV for 26 months under the same treatment. Thanks"
"I am on my second pack week 1.  I am on Loestrin24 Fe for Metrorrage or Spotting between period and 2 ovarian cysts.  Well, so far I think the cysts are already gone and I have not experienced any more spotting ---HOORAY!

I take the pill everyday at 5 p.m.  I have no nausea and have lost five pounds. This is amazing because I thought I was going to gain. I noticed a tiny ..I do mean tiny edginess but nothing compared to the Patch when I took it for birth control long ago.   

I am amazed and very satisfied.  Lets hope the pill cures the cysts completely when I get the ultrasound and the spotting ceases for good."
"I have been taking Effexor XR for almost two years and I love it.  I take it for anxiety, stress, and depression.  I have taken Wellbutrin and Paxil and found a little relief but nothing compared to Effexor.  After 10   years of emotional eating I have started losing that weight, 40 lbs in the past year and I haven&#039;t dieted, I still eat the foods I love but now I stop when I&#039;m no longer hungry and I feel no guilt when I eat a cookie or two or go out for an indulgent dinner.  Another plus, I actually want sex now.  For years my anxiety kept me from having any desire but now I can&#039;t get enough.  YAY!"
"I know people keep saying how bad the suboxone withdrawal is, but it really isn&#039;t that bad in comparison to the harder opiates.  Over my years of experience with this I have noticed that withdrawal symptoms are largely all in the head.  I know people who have never had withdrawal symptoms simply by not thinking about it.  I myself have been slowly tapering off of suboxone for about 8 months.  I try to take it later and later in the day.  Push yourself to wait another hour.  Take a smaller amt and stay busy!  Boredom will make you relapse!  Exercise, take vitamins, eat healthy.  It is a good idea to start doing these things before attempting to stop the suboxone."
"I smoked from age 13 to 53, had tried all sorts of methods to try to quit smoking. Never could. I tried Chantix, 3 Months later, I was a non-smoker-5 years later, absolutely clean of it."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia over two years ago, have been struggling with it for about 7. Recently went to a psychiatrist because my pain doctor and pcp suggested it because of me complaining about concentration and fatigue issues. I have only been on this a short time but so far it&#039;s been A LIFE SAVER. I was started on a low dose of course just 10mg once a day IR. I could easily take 3 of these a day. My pain doctor recently put me on the lowest dose of a butrans patch and it&#039;s made a huge difference but my energy was still gone and I still struggled (I only worked on average 20 hours a week because doing much more has been too hard and I have an easy job in an office ). This adderall may save my life I&#039;d write more but it won&#039;t let me"
"Suffering from complex pain syndrome and resultant fibromyalgia, and to find something that reduces the burning pain of my skin and along with other drugs to help with sleep has made me feel like &quot;myself&quot; for the first time in over 7 years.  I have shed many tears in pain and dejection, but not so many lately.  Thanks Lyrica."
"Seroquel makes me feel like I&#039;m on a level playing field again.  I don&#039;t feel like my thinking&#039;s distorted and I don&#039;t cry uncontrollably like I have all of my life.  I have gained weight but I&#039;m fixing to start taking Topamax to counteract that.  If the Topamax doesn&#039;t work I will still continue to take Seroquel.  I rather gain weight and be able to cope with life 100% better than I did before."
"After my doctor diagnosed me with CAH three weeks ago he put me on this birth control to help regulate my periods. I have been experiencing cramps on and off (like period cramps). Extreme breast tenderness and swelling. Diarrhea, nausea (without vomiting). Mood swings, sex drive is the same but have a very hard time reaching satisfaction, and my skin is very clear. Going to continue on this pill to see if in time side effects will decrease."
"Am I the only one that feels nothing from this? I&#039;ve tried many different antidepressants over the years and I don&#039;t feel any better but no worse."
"I have bulging disks / pinched nerves in my neck causing radiating pain down my arm.  The drug was awesome for the first few days then has gradually lost efficacy for me.  However, it is still better than the Meloxicam I had been taking, which did almost nothing for me.  I have had minor side effects.  First and second day on it, my pain went from a 7-8 down to a 2.  Now it is about at a 4, which is still better than I was."
"For low back pain since I had 2 protruding discs several years ago, I  take tramadol for pain and Skelaxin for muscle relaxing. It must be the name brand Skelaxin which works perfectly as the generic causes me to be foggy, loopy, and tired as the med wears off after 3 and a half hours. I also find I don&#039;t trust my driving or decision making on the generic. "
"Had psoriasis for 14 years started in palm of my hands which was really bad for 8 years then my legs, past three years spread all over 90%, no sleep, severe itcing at night, skin shred everyday from room to room embarrassed to go any where wore clothing all over even gloves  I have not even visited family I was depressed I had from puva, uv treatment, tar cream endless of cream and ointment all failed , December 4th 2015 had my first shot of stelara I  must say they have saved my life, no more bleeding, no shredding I still have a long way to go but my skin show so much improvement. thank you I feel so much better This is a miracle drug for all of us who suffer from p 

Thank you

Annette"
"I had used this years ago when I had several dislocations of my shoulder. My recovery time was cut in half. "
"I have been taking Cymbalta for two years now- it honestly changed my life. At the time I started taking it I was a college athlete and anxiety ruled my life. At first, I would take it during the morning hours and I would immediately want to go to bed. That was my problem, I needed to take it about an hour or two before bed. I am still experimenting the exact right time to take it (I sometimes wake up still feeling tired from it- but not sure if it&#039;s the medication or my routine now). I know certain medications work for some and not others, but I would recommend this medication. I had slight symptoms at first beside the tiredness- decreased appetite and no sexual desires or emotions. I still feel great! (30mg once daily)"
"I am 33 years old and have been on this medication for over 5 years, I have always suffered from anxiety and high blood pressure. This medication has helped me more on the anxiety side than my high bp, but then again anxiety contributes to high bp. This has been a miracle drug for me I have been on a low dose of 10mg a day and if I really feel on edge I take 2 a day and that&#039;s it! Because when I take 20mg my heart rate drops to about 60bpm which is pretty relaxing for me and I don&#039;t want to go on a higher dose. When my heart races I automatically take this bad boy and BAM!Can barely feel my heart pounding,which is an extreme relief.if you have anxiety and feel your heart pounding it just makes your anxiety worst,creating a viscous cycle."
"Have been on Crestor for over 5 years Total cholesterol is 130 from 180. Increased my HDL slightly while lowering my LDL. Also took Niacin for years. Now only take Micardis. Yes, muscle cramps when I walk long distances. I&#039;m 75 and just had a carotid ultrasound and totally clear of buildup. Liver enzymes are OK."
"Worked amazingly took it 2 hours ago and already feel better. To the people with stomach cramps drink a tall glass of ice cold water and a gentle meal and you&#039;ll easily avoid nausea and diahrrea :)"
"awesome"
"This patch is absolutely wonderful I use it every time we go on a cruise and it completely eliminates the motion sickness. I have suffered with motion sickness most of my life driving in a car or anything with movement. This saved my entire trip every time I cruise I never leave home without it. The only side effect I have is extreme dry mouth but I just make sure that I keep myself hydrated while I&#039;m 
vacationing on a cruise ship"
"I could not live without my patches but I took the bus to Kansas to see family and my suitcase managed to disappear. I had the worst withdrawal I have ever been through. I ended up in the hospital, and had to fly home."
"I was prescribed 100mg of Wellbutrin for my light depression and anxiety.  After 10 days I became so irritable and dizzy that I asked to stop taking it for fear that I wouldn&#039;t be able to work and may have a full-blown panic attack.  I had taken it 2 years before in combination with Cymbalta and it worked great.  Besides making me feel worse than mildly depressed this time, I also had numerous side effects like ringing ears, slight nausea, and dry mouth.  I have had no sexual side effects (55 yo male)."
"I have developed allergies (pollen?) in the last 2 years.  Go figure, I&#039;m in my 50s.  My eyes get itchy and red and watery, and I scratch my eyelids and eyes so much.  This irritates them and the eyelid gets raw.  I finally tried Flonase from a doctor.   I got jittery and anxious.  After a few day, the roof of my mouth got raw and sore and painful.  I did not rinse my mouth every time after use.  Maybe I should have. It was destroying my skin on roof of mouth.   I will never use Flonase again, I threw it away,"
"Every persons experience is different and let me tell you reader I am super sensitive and I don&#039;t like medicine at all. It took me 3 YEARS to actually have an IUD and my original reason was anemia but I also want birth control. I took my time and visited my doc several times making sure my body was ready. I eat all organic and I exercise regularly. The day of my procedure I took 1 Advil and 1 shot whisky.  Procedure lasted less than 1 min and my pain level was about a 5. I took the rest of my day lying in bed with a hot pad and bled for 2 days (spotting) 5 days after zero pain zero bleeding and sex! So glad I did it !! I&#039;m 48 with a small frame and my procedure was 4/5/17 I&#039;d do it again !!!"
"Have been taking Belviq for two and a half months have lost 10 lbs.  First two days had a headache and felt weird, but then it went away and I have noticed I sleep like a rock (albeit I do have weird dreams).  I also have a lot LESS anxiety, so I am unsure what that is about?  I don&#039;t have any other side effects except that I am MUCH less hungry, don&#039;t really think about food like I use to.  It has been so much easier to stay on track and just eating like a normal human.  I feel GREAT and am very grateful to this drug."
"Lialda has given me a decent quality of life again. I&#039;ve suffered relentlessly for 20 years and finally found a great doctor, who gave me this medication. It&#039;s not an overnight fix. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 months and it has fixed what I thought was permanently my lot in life. What a fantastic medication !"
"My original indication of Macular degeneration was distortion of vertical lines .

After six injections; these distortions have improved significantly.

I am very optimistic this process is working"
"I have been constipated for over a few months. I have tried a number of different things for it. I took the magnesium citrate at 1:30 pm yesterday. I felt very gassy and bloated. By 6pm I was going to the bathroom. I woke up the next morning feeling worse than I did before I drank it. I have diarrhea cramps and am not getting hardly anything out when I have to go. Overall I will not drink this again. I feel terrible :("
"This medicine tastes awful."
"I&#039;ve taken plan B one step after a mishap during unprotected sex.  I took plan B about 1 hour and 45 minutes later and I am pretty positive I was fertile. After taking the pill I received bloating the next day and extreme fatigue. My period is due tomorrow and I would like to know how to make it come faster rather than having to wait and worrying myself even more. any suggestions? I know that since I took the medication so fast it has a high effectiveness level. I just want my period Asap!"
"I have been on Trilafon for 2 years now. Mostly I liked it at first because it brought me back to earth when I was over anxious. I have lowered my dosage since then and I thought it was doing me well, but I have been having neck problems lately and have realized that this is a side effect of Trilafon called extra-pyramidal syndrome that damages my posture area, so no matter how hard I try I can&#039;t regain a good posture. "
"I started on Micardis 80mg, good for reducing my blood pressure, but I had bad vertigo, dizzy, had too lie down, felt sickly and had cold sweats. Did not agree with me. Reduced it to 1/2 a 40mg tablet. Felt okay for a day then had vertigo again. Stopped taking tablets."
"Excellent antibiotic for bronchitis! I haven&#039;t been sick in over 1 year since full time retirement as a nurse manager; Spring hit early in Rhode Island, with its fluctuating temperatures &amp; abounding viruses/bacteria and wham! Sickness W a nagging cough and productive sputum came with it. Augmentin for 7&quot;days was prescribed by the NP. On day 4, and feeling much better"
"Its been over a month using the over the counter.  I posted previously.   I had started out using once every three days and then went to every two days to make sure no issues.  Skin got very dry at first. 

Apply each evening about two hours before going to bed.  In the AM I apply Neutrogena Oil-Free Moisture with Sunscreen SPF 35 and re-apply as needed. 

Had several blackheads mature during the month.  Some were under the skin surface.  All gone.  A few whiteheads.  Skin has calmed down considerable.  Skin seems healthier. No longer use Benzoyl Peroxide."
"It is great to read all your different experiences with Escitalopram and it gives me hope that a lot of you have been able to benefit from this. I am only on Day 3 with 10 mg  Escitalopram (1st time on AD) and I really hope this will reducere my SA and GAD after 10 years of suffering"
"Now taking Wellbutrin for 3 years. Experienced no depression at all. First 3 months on drug was able to distinguish depression from stress. Have an exceptional amount of stress in my life. Depression well under control. Probably no longer need to be on Wellbutrin."
"Unbelievable searing pain down the right side of my right leg always first thing in the morning after getting out of bed. I quickly take two Aleve with a glass of milk and wait for the pain to subside which usually takes about forty five minutes. I am then fine for the rest of the day. I also do yoga exercises later in the day which helps."
"I feel the same way as the other person! I was also previously on Lutera and the pharmacy switched me to Orsythia and I am having the same side effects--and a few more. "
"I&#039;m going to the doctor on the 2nd for bloodwork and physical so I can get the script for Chantix, so as with any med that goes into this body I&#039;m researching. I&#039;m finding everyone&#039;s comments informitive, but have notice a lack of one thing, no comments from those of us that are ADHD. Meds for us are different than for you mere mortals. I&#039;ll research it more and will post again after I start the regime so that those of us MetaHumans will have info from a reliable source...LOL!"
"I was really excited about getting back on birth control, as I have had negative experiences with the pill. After less than 24 hours, I could tell a huge change in the way I felt, overall. I had a pounding headache, I felt like I had not slept in three days, and I wanted to eat everything in sight. I tried to stick it out, but after a week, I gave up and decided to take it out. All of the symptoms vanished within 2-3 days."
"I&#039;ve had numerous invasive spinal surgeries, sciatic nerve pain, as well as discomfort at the site of my neurostimulator implantation. The patches alleviate the discomfort in conjunction with a medication regime put in place by my pain management doctor that I follow to the letter allowing for less medication having to be taken while they&#039;re in use. I&#039;ve had no side effects. Overall a very positive experience."
"I&#039;m a 60 year old woman that has been up and down with the weight. Our son is getting married Oct. 2016, so I had to get this weight off. I went to my doctor and she suggested Contrave. I have been on it since Oct 1 2015 and have lost 40 pounds. It&#039;s at small increments but I&#039;m so overjoyed that it&#039;s working. I have had multiple back surgeries (spinal fusions, hip replaced, and more) and can&#039;t do a lot of things for exercise. I walk as much as I can. I have adjusted my eating habits and types of foods. I would like to say this medicine has been helpful. I feel like a million bucks. The med curbs my appetite. Stick with it, your worth the $$ it costs. Dizzy once."
"I&#039;ve been on brintellix for ~3 months and it has changed my life. My depression was very severe- daily anxiety, immobilized from crying and panicking... this was related to PTSD and I was consumed with feelings of guilt, shame, and thought of suicide several times.  I started on 10 mg, had no side effects at all (maybe a little continued jaw tightness), and felt the effects within a week. I already had reduced anxiety, and cut the amount of xanax I would take in half. Then as time went on, the anxiety and depression started fading away entirely and my mood was elevated. I could think clearly, more energy, more motivation for the first time in months.  Brintellix combined with therapy cured me. I increased to 20 mg and feel better than ever."
"My psychiatrist recommended that I try 5mg of melatonin instead of other OTC sleep aids. I have anxiety disorder and have trouble not worrying about intruders at night. I took this 30 minutes before bed time and I felt extremely tired within an hour. That was nice. I woke up an hour later from I&#039;m not sure what. Easy to go back to sleep. Then a total of 3 hours later, I woke up gasping for air. From a nightmare a presume, although I couldn&#039;t remember the nightmare. I then woke up around 5am from my neighbors in my apartment building. I felt alert but made it back to sleep. I then was not able to wake up the rest of the morning. I couldn&#039;t get up to go to work and I still feel tired at noon the next day. Wondering how to move forward."
"Have been on Lybrel for 1 year now and get periods, breakthrough bleeding, spotting and cramps. I used to have a normal 28 day cycle and my period was 5 days, it was very regimented. Now I have periods randomly that last 7 to 10 days. I was hoping to stop my periods but this obviously does not work for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking Feldene since August 2009, so approximately 2 months. The only side effects I&#039;ve noticed is that I bruise much more easily than I did before. 
I haven&#039;t really noticed a big change in the pain and swelling in my fingers/hands from taking it though."
"Got this inserted in August of 2016 and it was the best decision I ever made. I had a bruise for about two weeks on the insertion site, but have only had 2-3 days of spotting since then, have lost weight from going off the pill, and haven&#039;t had any UTI&#039;s since insertion (I got them once every 2-3 months before the implant). The only complaint I would have is that it has made me break out, but that could potentially be attributed to stress."
"I took this for 7 years with NO complaints, until my pharmacy replaced it with a dark green pill, different maker. The dark green one DID NOT work like this one by Amneal, but for some reason (prob the Estratest fiasco) this one was pulled from the market. 
Fast forward 3 years and cvs had this one back! So I went to doc, got a script, got a months worth and felt normal finally! Went for my refill only to be told it is being DISCONTINUED!!! uugghhh! Amneal get it together- we need your version of EEMT!!!"
"Well ladies just to let you know I tried the 1 day ovule. Inserted at night before bed, let me just say had some intense itching and burning that last about 30 min, but then it went away. I think its the meds working to kill off the infection. The meds will leak out gradually after you&#039;re moving around...but wear a panty liner or slim pad to catch. The next day for me no itching or burning. It worked for me! Now waiting a couple more days until the cream completely kills the yeast! Im feeling good!!!"
"I have had allergies for months. The drainage caused me to develop a severe case of bronchitis which triggered my asthma to be worse than ever before. Nothing was working for my cough which was keeping me awake night after night. Sleeping sitting up on the couch for 30 min at a time... Doc at ER gave me 2 Tessalon. Cough stopped almost immediately. First night of sleep I have had in weeks. Thank heavens she wrote me a prescription. Now I am looking forward to my second night cough free. Thank God for small miracles."
"First BC I ever tried at 17. I am now 24. I had severe irregular periods as a teen  and this had me put back on track. I do not believe it did anything with my sex drive. I&#039;ve been with only one person (still with him today going on almost 10 years) but my drive began to decrease about age 22. It may be work/stress related. I&#039;ve accidentally missed pills quite a few times but no scares what so ever (don&#039;t think you&#039;ll have the same results if you do! Do not forget to take your BC you never know!). When I missed a pill or two I do feel more emotionally unstable and have mood swings.
I know when my &quot;time&quot; is coming. Breast tenderness a week before. Crave certain foods..nothing horrible.
Never felt the need to switch and its affordable for me."
"I am 51, and have been getting cluster headaches since 17. Have tried every medication for them, but nothing seemed to work for me. I  was finally prescribed Prednisone, it takes a few days to start working, but after I  finished the course, I  didn&#039;t get a single headache for nearly a year. The course was 20 mg a day, for 10 to 14 days, depending on the doctor. The length of time, without a headache varies, but is usually a year or more."
"I got my implanon may 2014 after my third son was born at age 20 other birth controls did not work for me, obviously.. I had light spotting at first then a year in I had this horrible wreck of a period lasted three weeks, very heavy and then another year no period until a month ago wham wrecked all my clothes and undies its a nightmare cramps are very painful.. my boyfriend and I have discussed other pregnancy prevention because this is just not good, ive not been able to work.. I am going to wait another week or two to see if it stops.."
"The best for my pain. That&#039;s all I have to say."
"I&#039;ve been on this Birth Control for about 2 years, I just recently stopped it in the middle of my 3 week cycle of it (I got my period 2 days after I took it out so beware). When I first started this I felt anxious a lot and always moody, definitely didn&#039;t have any libido what so ever. Also I gained so much weight, and I exercise and ate pretty decent where I shouldn&#039;t gain 30lbs all together. When it was about a year into the ring I gained about 15lbs then I stopped it for 2 months lost a few pounds easy and then put myself back on it and gained 30lbs. I really don&#039;t like it and don&#039;t plan to go back on it....it&#039;s funny when I stopped I lost 5lbs the next day."
"i have been using &quot;victoza&quot; for almost a month now and i felt so much better.i used to have A LOT of cravings but now i barely have any.i started at 0.6 and 1 time a day but now i noticed by late night it has worn off ,so i will see if i can make 2 times a day.i felt a little queezy at first but now i feel great. i noticed that when i eat greasy foods it goes thru me,but i know not to eat that...i wiould give it a try before deciding if it is for you.some doctor&#039;s have samples you can try and i go to dr&#039;s in 2 days to find out how much i weigh.wish me good luck i can&#039;t wait till i see how i am doing.best thing is my medical covered it when using it as victoza and not the other one saxenda. same drug 2 different brands names smart people."
"I&#039;ve been diagnosed with Dercum&#039;s Disease last year in July 2013.  I&#039;ve tried too many medications to count.  I live in Alberta, Canada.  I don&#039;t know what the medical regulations are in the U.S. are or if they differ from state to state.  Here, as far as pain allowances go before they decide to prescribe opiates of any kind, they leave it up to the prescribing doctor. I went from Lyrica to gabapentin to mexilitine to hydromorphone and now the fentanyl patch (100 mcg) every 3 days. Does it work for me? I would say yes, to a degree. I&#039;m on all those meds mentioned above minus the Lyrica. My pain levels on average daily are at an intolerable 8 on a scale between one and ten. It&#039;s bearable, whereas before it was excruciating."
"I switched to Mydayis from Vyvanse. The effects of Mydayis last longer than Vyvanse, but just as&mdash;in my experience&mdash;Vyvanse did not last fourteen hours, Mydayis&rsquo;s duration of action falls short of the sixteen hours as advertised by Shire. Nonetheless, I still hold Mydayis superior to Vyvanse and Adderall."
"I started taking Adipex on 7/14/15 and I&#039;m already down 13 pds. Today is 7/31/15. I do workout daily for 1 hr but it&#039;s hard to eat all the time. I have to make myself eat. The problem that I am having now is in the afternoon after my wkout classes I&#039;m hungry but I stick with low calorie options.  Can someone shed some light on staying full all day... Oh yea and the sleep pattern is out the window!"
"Implanon (etonogestrel) has been replaced by Nexplanon and I had mine inserted last friday. So far I feel fine, no feeling sick like I would have done changing pill, no bloated tummy, no spotting. Everyone reacts different to medicines. I have tried over 15 types of contraceptive combined pills, a few mini pills and they all gave me bad migraines. My doctor has recommended Nexplanon implant as it is not known yet to give migraines. I would rather gain a bit of spot bleeding than have the head pain."
"I went on this pill about 4 or so years ago and did not have too many issues. I occasionally broke out from time-to-time and i did gain a little weight over the last few years but I think that&#039;s more my fault for living off a college diet and not exercising like I should have. I went on the pill almost as soon as I became sexually active and have not had any pregnancy scares so it did that job in that respect. It also kept my periods regular and fairly short (about 4 days). However, around the time of my period I experienced extremely bad headaches (sometimes migraines accompained with vomiting) so my doctor just switched me over to a new pill recently. But other than that, I&#039;ve had no complaints and would reccommend this birth control."
"I have been on Cymbalta  for over 2 years. I have M.S. And am a type 1 diabetic with severe Neuropathy. Before this medication, the searing pain in my legs was unbearable. I could not walk because of it. I was originally put on gabapenton, and had such severe side effects that I quit taking it. My neurologist then prescribed me Cymbalta. He started me on a low dose, then after a month doubled it. Since then, I experience little to no pain. When I am a bit uncomfortable, I get in a warm bath and the pain is gone. I sleep better, have better control over my blood sugar as it does suppress appetite, but that means I am not munching or over eating. I can not live without it!!!"
"I have been fighting alcoholism since my early teens, detoxed by myself, and was dry for 12 years until last March. After two months of serious binge drinking, I ended up in A&amp;E when I decided to detox once again without any suitable medication support. They provided me Diazepam and I cleaned up again, but it only lasted for three months. The vicious circle is much harder to break as you get older. 

However, now, on Baclofen, I feel a tremendous improvement and do not feel the urge to drink. Indeed, the medicine worked amazingly well from the very beginning of the treatment. However, do address underlying psychological issues, as the medicine is not a magic bullet."
"I started on Victoza in March 2013 and lost 30 pounds by Feb 2014 despite being on some psychiatric medications that can cause significant weight gain.  I was diagnosed with DM2 in 2013 and was prescribed Victoza by my endo primarily to help with weight loss.   Initially I took the injection at night starting with .6 and gradually increasing to 1.8 to minimize nausea.  I was extremely nauseated and was given Ondasetron by my endo for the first few weeks which REALLY helped.  My other doctors were a little shocked that I was given this strong, expensive anti-nausea medicine, however I persisted as encouraged by the diabetes nurse.  I recently increased dose to 3.0 and hope I can lose more weight..    I encourage you to HANG IN - it&#039;s worth it."
"I received this medication through my PCP for horrendous arthritis pain. This medicine is a joke! Like taking baby aspirin!"
"Have tried other meds...had a sleep study.  Very little sleep and very light sleep, broken up..so Doctor tried Belsomra..has been very helpful.  Get about 7 hours with it, do dream more, but not unpleasant dreams.  Haven&#039;t tried going off of it yet, so can&#039;t speak to withdrawal issues."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for a week and I have already lost 7 lbs. I just up the dosage to 1.2 and my appetite is completely gone. But I noticed that it makes me urinate a lot. No side effects and loving it. Thank God I finally found something that&#039;s really working for me without having to pop pills and it last all day "
"I&#039;m 28 years old and I had pretty good until up until I took hormonal birth control 3 years ago and I am still trying to repair the damage to my skin. I&#039;ve been using a combination of benzoyl peroxide .25% cream in the morning on cleansed skin and trentinoin .05% cream (not the gel) before bed. My skin is very fair and sensitive but it&#039;s finally looking better after 2 weeks. So far I&#039;ve experienced mild purging by the chin and cheek but they are not the huge cystic pimples I used to get before. I think the peeling and redness is worth clear skin in the end."
"I have been on Gianvi for about 5 years or more. I have severe PMDD problems, as well as a family history of severe period problems as well (too heavy bleeding, cramps, etc). Yaz has improved my PMDD symptoms by about 80%. It also makes my periods very light and easy with no cramps. I also have bad hormonal acne and Yaz clears my skin and makes it glow. I still get 1 or 2 pimples around my period but that&#039;s it. I went off Yaz for 9 months and it gave me horrible rebound cystic acne that makes me reinstate (my skin was getting ruined!) I am staying on it indefinitely and am fine with that. I love it."
"DO NOT USE! I tried this product for two days. On day three my skin went purple on my cheeks and became very painful, like severe sunburn. I read a report from the company who make the stuff and they said that patients forget what they looked like before which is why they think it is worse! I took before and after pictures and I look like I&#039;ve been burned! TERRIBLE STUFF! I rarely used to flush and now it won&#039;t go away!!!!"
"I am in my fourth month of using this birth control and I am having much longer periods than normal, weight gain, and very tender breasts. Trying to get switched."
"I&#039;ve had pretty bad sinus congestion start and bronchitis is going around my family so I immediately got on Mucinex. The regular Mucinex wasn&#039;t doing anything for me (blue box). I bought the maximum strength D and it&#039;s been a game changer. I can breath through my nose and I don&#039;t feel plugged up at all. I had no trouble sleeping last night BUT I also have to take Melatonin to sleep every night so maybe it off set the jitters some people report. I&#039;m very happy with it. I will keep taking until this is gone."
"Cholestyramine Powder has saved my life.  In January of 2006 my Gastroenterologist was finally able to diagnose my stomach problem by taking biopsies during a colonoscopy.  For years, starting in the early 1970&#039;s, I had been told I had irritable bowl syndrome and controlled my flare ups by changing my diet.  But around 2002 my condition became so serious, I was fighting to keep 100 lbs. on my 5&#039;2&quot; frame.  I looked like a skeleton covered by skin.  My doctor and I tried various medications and I tried to control my stress.  Nothing was working until my doctor did a colonoscopy with biospies.  Now if I have a flare up, I use 1tbs of Cholestyraime Powder in 8 oz of room temperature water before bedtime and I&#039;m good to go. "
"I had tried implanon (made me crazy), paraguard (made me crampy and I felt it during intercourse) and mirena (I felt it during intercourse) so I was pretty much out of options when this came along. The size difference worked out! My tiny frame worked better with it. No pain during intercourse and no weird cramps. I was worried that I would have weird spotting because that has been reported on it, but not me. I had 4 months of light periods, each about 4 days long, super easy. After that I haven&#039;t had any periods. I&#039;m not a tiny girl either. 5&quot;2&#039; 160 lbs

Anyways! I love this and highly recommend it to someone who always felt the larger iud&#039;s and maybe if you&#039;re just sensitive to hormones, like myself.

Love this! Totally plan to get another"
"I had the implant put in August of 2015. Other than a few emotional moments and some numbness in my fingers I haven&#039;t had any problems. I did get a period in December of 2015 for the first time since getting the implant. It hasn&#039;t been a heavy period and blood is dark or brown in color with some small clotting. As long as the periods stop I think this implant is effective"
"I have had nexplanon twice. The first 2 1/2 years were great. I never had a period or any other side effects. When it came time to get a new one put in, I bled for months at a time. So, I got a new one put in and it effected me completely different than the first time. I bled constantly for months at a time. I had horrible anxiety and mood swings. For example, I would freak out on my boyfriend when he wasn&#039;t even doing anything. I didn&#039;t feel like myself. I actually had to get on antidepressants. I finally got it taken out of my arm yesterday after this went on for 6 months. I just don&#039;t understand why the first time I had it was so great and the second time was terrible. Nexplanon definitely can cause terrible freak outs and constant bleed"
"I had this birth control in since right after I gave birth. I was terrified of them, but I didn&#039;t want to get pregnant again yet. The first while was awful; mood swings, severe headaches, the works. BUT...after all of that, it got settled down. I have been on it for the whole first round and when it expired I got another. With it, I feel more balanced, more calm, like for the first time I can think clearly. My periods are lighter, and it gives me a peace of mind, lIke i never have anxiety anymore. I have gained about 10-20 lbs on it in the past 4-5 years, occasionally have acne if super stressed, but it has been a blessing for me overall not having anxiety or heavy periods."
"I love that the amount of negative reviews are because people don&#039;t know how to get the cap off lol. It&#039;s really not that hard people... afrin is wonderful. 

Sincerely, 
The person who knows how to take a child proof cap off."
"Singulair has been a life saver for me.  I am a newly diagnosed asthmatic which had become debilitating.  I was put on a course of prednisolone to relieve symptoms, then doctor tried to control asthma with inhalers.  Couldn&#039;t get under control with only the inhalers so was prescribed Singulair.  It is amazing, I hardly use my reliever. Before I was using anything up to 40 times a day.  Hayfever symptoms reduced also.  Able to run again, I&#039;d reached the point where I could hardly walk never mind run.  Now I&#039;m starting to get my life back."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for 4 months now, and I LOVE it! I&#039;ve tried other BCs in the past, but I have experienced no side effects on this one. I started this pull due to hormonal imbalance (abnormal periods and acne), and it has cleared up all of my problems. After being on Ortho Tri Cyclen, I was worried to try something else, because it made my blood pressure sky rocket. My doctor recommended a lower dose to see if it would not trigger high blood pressure. I have had no issues. Even if TriNessa is not for you, please try other pills and talk to your doctor. There is something out there for almost everyone!"
"I started taking Wellbutrin SR 4 days ago. I took it in addition to Seroquel XR. It helped for a couple of days. During those days I only experienced some dizziness, and decreased appetite and sex drive. Although yesterday evening I was hospitalized with a 5 minute long grand-mal seizure. I don&#039;t have a history of seizure disorders, and the Doctors believe that this seizure was caused by Wellbutrin SR. If you take Wellbutrin SR and antipsychotics together, I suggest that you speak with your pharmacist or health provider."
"I&#039;ve been trying to find a birth control that works with my body. Trinessa is not it. Ever since I&#039;ve been taking it I&#039;ve noticed I have less energy, I&#039;m incredibly irritable, and I&#039;ve gained weight even though I&#039;ve been working out and watching my food intake. Beyond frustrating. Then there&#039;s also the nausea. I have three pills left and I chucked it into the garbage. It helps with acne, and to not get pregnant. It gets a 2"
"My story is really long and complicated. I was originally on Xanax and all it did was make me sleep. Switched doctors because my original doctor wouldn&#039;t switch me off the Xanax. New doctor prescribed me Lexapro. I was upset at first because I didn&#039;t feel I needed it, I thought Lexapro was an anti-depressant and I wasn&#039;t depressed.. About a month after I started taking the Lexapro I felt amazing! But then I lost my health insurance so they put me on Paxil. I miss my Lexapro! It was the best."
"My 11 year old son has ADHD with anxiety disorder.  This medication has helped him manage his anxiety (he is much happier) and he is able to focus better on managing everything from time to his emotions.  He has better stamina mentally and can perform mental tasks for longer periods of time.  He is also acting more mature and being more responsible. He takes 2mg at night 1 hour before bed along with gummy melatonin to help him sleep.  He sleeps well and feels good during the day.  Overall this medication has helped him a great deal.  It&#039;s like it took him out of his anxious rut and gives him a better outlook."
"Took entire 1 week cycle. It did nothing for my bronchitis symptoms. Lots of nausea, and I almost never get nauseous. Going back to the doctor to request a chest x-ray. Want to be sure I don&#039;t have pneumonia."
"Its a good painkiller."
"awful product. did not do anything it was supposed to. I have very very mild acne. I wouldn&#039;t even call it acne, just pimples. and everytime I have tried to use acanya it hasn&#039;t helped with any pimples and just left my face red and burned the next day. This redness stays for at least 4 days. It&#039;s so embarrassing and not worth it for a product that just makes your pimples MORE obvious because of HUGE red spots. awful product. throwing it in the garbage so I never have the idea of using it again."
"I have tried Naproxen, Celebrex, Motrin, 800mg Ibuprofen, etc... This was the only one that worked for my back pain.  Brought it down from a 8 to a 2.  It was good."
"I was only on Nucynta for 2 days.  50 mg tabs x 3 times a day. I have been taking tramadol with no problems, but thought this might work better, as tramadol does not always control my pain.

I must be very sensitive, as this medicine on day 1 made me feel as if my body were speeding, but tired and loopy at the same time. 
Day 2 was more of the same, but I needed a higher dose in order to control a pain level of 7 that comes upon me as the day wears on.  I decided I did not want to go to 100mg because of my sensitivity to this medicine."
"Works great!  Been suffering with anxiety for a while now was very hesitant on taking any kind of medication was given this medication in the hospital and within 20 minutes I felt relaxed and calm wish I wasn&#039;t so hesitant and took it sooner.  Great for when anxiety attack comes on"
"Just started, prescribed as 500mg twice daily.
Blurred vision 
Total body jerking (approx 3/1min, followed by single limb jerking for approx /30 min then repeat of total body jerking.  
Head spinning"
"My Dr. prescribed Pristiq 50mg. after taking Cymbalta because of the terrible side effects. The only side effects Pristiq has given me is the lack of sexual desire but Trazodone 50mg. which I also take balances out that effect. I also take Tranxene7.5mg before bedtime and get at least 5 hours of straight sleep! I am doing much better."
"Loprox is excellent. I had excessive amounts of Seborrheic Dermititis. The solution cleared it up within a week. Yes, it does somewhat burn at first but in all reality is the best skin care on the market. I really do recommend that you speak to your doctor about Loprox."
"My results have been excellent."
"I have had nausea, headache and body pain. The body pain has been the most difficult. I had to stop taking medications because of this medication but also seem to have hypersensitivity in smell. So far all looks good but still in early stages."
"The first month of this pill I had breakthrough bleeding basically the whole month. I also had this terrible stomach feeling. The second month I had no bleeding and no weird stomach feelings. I just switched off to a lower dose pill due to my breasts growing 2 sizes and being extremely swollen (I was already a D I didn&#039;t want them any bigger!) and also I lost my sex drive completely. Happy to have had no emotional changes at all (in fact, I felt happier). Overall, this pill wasn&#039;t as terrible as all the reviews I&#039;ve read made it out to be, but everyone is different."
"I was nervous to start this after reading such horrible reviews! I got this from planned parenthood and am about to start my fourth pack. This is the only birth control I&#039;ve ever been on so I have nothing to compare it to but so far it has been very good! No pregnancy, haven&#039;t had too many side effects. My periods have gotten shorter and lighter. No spotting in between. The only side effects I have noticed is some slight vaginal dryness, but nothing too bad. I did get a few headaches and nausea here and there during the first pack but again nothing too bad. My body seems to have adjusted fine and I&#039;m so happy for the lighter periods! I started my first pack the Sunday after my period ended so this worked out well"
"After having kidney stones on a regular basis in college, my wife found beelith and I have been taking for 40 years without anymore kidney stones."
"I&#039;ve been on Prozac for 2 years for post traumatic stress disorder, in May 2012 I had gastric bypass surgery and recently went back to my doctor because I felt like I wasn&#039;t even on my Prozac anymore (I wasn&#039;t absorbing it after surgery) so he doubled the dose. After 3 days I felt way worse! So we dropped the Prozac back down and doubled my Topamax. The combination of Topamax and Prozac made me feel awful! I had uncontrollable crying, bad nausea, and was probably the most depressed I&#039;ve ever been. I was diagnosed with a mild form of Bipolar, so we started on 50 mg of Lamictal for 3 days then we bumped to 100mgs. Its been 5 days, but I can honestly feel a difference! Haven&#039;t cried since, feel better mentally and I&#039;m just happier."
"I&#039;ve been on this drug for about 2 years and I really like it! Results vary for different people, but for me it&#039;s made the hair on my body grow in finer, lighter, and *much* slower. It&#039;s not a miracle pill for me (I still have hirsutism), but it&#039;s made me 1000x more comfortable in my body. I never had hirsutism on my face, so I don&#039;t have any comments about that... In any case, this drug takes a looong time to kick in (6  months for me), but I definitely recommend it!"
"I am very very sensitive to medication. My psychiatrist and I tried several meds before landing on this one, which my body can actually tolerate. I was extremely depressed. Nothing seemed to lift the fog. After taking Abilify 2mg (at night), I noticed it&#039;s benefits a week later. I&#039;m more determined, focused, and actually want to get healthier. No suicidal thoughts. Don&#039;t feel like a zombie. It does make me sleepy which is why I take it at night. It&#039;s been almost a month on this new medication and so far so good."
"First day sucked, and most of the second day sucked... I got home from work and was sitting on the couch watching pbs thinking about how much I hate tv, when I started to feel really good about watching it.. I liked the people in it and was interested in what was being said. It was obvious it had kicked in. As far as negatives I have a slight ringing in my ears... and I&#039;m taking 150mg XL and I can only feel it working for about 6 hours. Maybe I&#039;ll have to up my dose or take another dose later. 25yr old male. Cheers!"
"These eyedrops are rubbish. This stupid product caused blurriness. NEVER BUY THESE!"
"What have they done?! They used a very cheap manufactured plastic bottle which can&#039;t be opened and used until drill a hole into it which leads to waste half the liquid, secondly its use makes your congestion worst completely blocked after its temorary effect is gone, you end up having no choice but become an addicted to its use.. never recommend it to anyone"
"Prozac is my happy pill, it took me forever to find something that works, but this is definitely mine!! I was beginning to be skeptical that anything would work.. Effexor and Prestiq was what I was put on before this, and that was a nightmare... This makes me think more clearly and see things in a different perspective, I see the good in life, and I don&#039;t get so easily upset over everything anymore, and if I do get bothered by something, I get over it in seconds... Helps with my social anxiety as well.. I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m more talkative, and can deal with being around people better, before I was so badly depressed with possible bipolar or personality disorder.. I&#039;m finally getting to know myself as a person and am much happier now."
"Caused massive weight gain-heart problems"
"Injection day- So this stuff is supposed to bring my A1C number down (6.0) and my fasting glucose (95) plus I may lose weight and it will control my PCOS symptoms.  I was nauseous and very sleepy.  Took nap, went for a brisk walk around neighborhood and played with my kid.  Nothing bad to report except that it hurts to eat anything more than half my fist size (and my hands are small).
Day 2- vomiting begins!  I was violently hurling.  Couldn&#039;t go to work and I kept passing out.  Went to urgent care as it was a holiday and my PCP was not in.  They tell me to take these nausea meds and if I keep throwing up I need to go to ER.  Could not eat but a few bites of food the entire day.
Rating it higher than 1 since I did lose weight- 7 lbs so far."
"My 5 year old son was prescribed Vyvanse as his first medication after being diagnosed with ADHD-combined type and we&#039;ve seen a huge difference in his attitude already. He is so polite, much calmer (but not zombied), still has his personality and is active. He&#039;s become more aware of his surroundings and how to treat others around him appropriately. I can&#039;t wait for school to start again to see how well his social relationships will improve now that he&#039;s undergoing treatment. Side effects the first few days were not nice to watch but he adjusted and is doing awesome. No insomnia or appetite loss either, and he has no complaints; it&#039;s perfect for him!"
"It was like a wonder drug at first. Then, even though I went up to the maximum dose of 60 mg, I can no longer tell I am even taking it.  I stop it - then start it back up - still no help. It&#039;s just no good anymore."
"Didn&#039;t do much for me at all, often felt sedated. Motivation is really bad. It stopped me from crying 24/7 and now I have an appetite but thats about it. Onto the next med I guess, I need the next one to be much better."
"I&#039;ve been using depo for 4 years continuously and it has been such a blessing. I&#039;ve had no side effects. I haven&#039;t had a period the whole time I have been on it, and I personally love that."
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta 30 mg for a week now. Regular depression, plus my mother got ill and passed away 3 mths ago. I have been able to stop crying, but I am SO TIRED. I hope this side effect will cease soon."
"I am very sensitive to hormones. This pill is great ...no side effects. I am very active and in tune with my body. No weight gain, no acne, no bleeding, no change in libido. Great pill! Worth every cent."
"This is like a miracle drug to me. I suffer from severe depression, anxiety &amp; fibromyalgia. After 2 weeks on Cymbalta my pain significantly improved as well as my mood/anxiety.  I&#039;m taking 60 mg once a day."
"I was the caregiver for 2 family members from 1997 to 2008.  I had the first full-blown stress panic attack in 2005.  Xanax was one of my medications and in 6 months, I was off drugs.  I have no regrets for those 11 years, but thought I was finally free to live my life.  However, I was wrong.  I now have continuous anxiety if I don&#039;t take 0.25 mg Xanax in the morning and evening.  I also have very high blood pressure to which a solution has not been found.  Xanax does lower it and I couldn&#039;t keep my sanity without it.  I have had no negative side effects, only positive."
"I&#039;ve had scalp psoriasis for 20 years and this is the only thing that works for me. Tar shampoo can be effective but not if it takes me an hour to comb out my hair after....(I have long think hair). Elocon lotion works instantly! I will say that it stings if you have an open sore from scratching but if you use it regularly it makes an amazing difference. I would suggest the lotion over the cream for scalp psoriasis. I&#039;m sure the cream would work better for your body."
"Just want to report my experience after just one dose.

I was prescribed 7 doses at 500mg for bronchitis. I went to the doctor because the cough I had was resulting in a suffocating feeling after the cough. I was in bad shape. After just one dose, the cough is not so devastating--certainly no longer feels like I am suffocating. Although I slept real good last night, I do indeed feel fatigued today. Now editing this comment after the full 7 day use of this medication. I didn&#039;t realize until the 4th day of use that I was experiencing the &quot;dizziness&quot; side effect that can result from use. That is the only reason this medicine doesn&#039;t get a 10 rating from me. It really knocked out my infection. However, the dizziness was indeed bothersome."
"I was diagnosed with RA in 2004 and began steroids and methotrexate. Next started Enbrel for approximately 8 months but the citric acid in the Enbrel was unbarable.  Then I began Remicade Infusions. I started out nine years ago every 6 weeks. I&#039;m now on 700 mg every four weeks and weekly injections of Methotrexate  but wouldn&#039;t change a thing. I still have stiffness here or there but the fatigue and pain I use to experience are gone and I live a full and happy life. It&#039;s been such a Blessing to me."
"My co-worker (who is also pregnant) suggested that I ask my doctor to prescribe Diclegis for me if I ever experienced nausea at any point in my pregnancy. I was sure I wasn&#039;t going to experience any of that until I hit week 7 &amp; OH! I was in for a rude awakening. My nausea became horrible from day to day until I asked my doctor to prescribe something for my nausea. Of course, Diclegis was the medicine prescribed. After taking two at bed-time the first night, I didn&#039;t feel at all nauseated the next morning, therefore I didn&#039;t feel the need to take the morning dose. Now, only if I feel nauseated in the morning time, I&#039;ll take my morning dose (1tablet) and continue on with my day. The only downside? Diclegis can cause drowsiness."
"My 9 year old son has been on Vyvanse  for five years now he started out with 20mg he is now up to 70mg it works great my 5yr old little girl was just put on Vyvanse 40mg after trying numerous other ADHD medicines. It works well, I was on Ritalin for 25 years. I did not want my kids on that so glad the Vyvanse works."
"I wasn&#039;t even thinking of quitting.  I began taking Welbutrin/Zyban and within a week I hadn&#039;t craved smoking. It has been great and I have been smoke-free for almost 2 months now."
"I&#039;ve been on doxycycline (100 mg daily for three months) twice, a year apart. The first time cleared my skin up beautifully. I had horrible cystic acne with new pimples popping up every day before I went to my dermatologist. I started clearing up within the first month. A year later, I started to break out again so I went back on it and my skin is back to being clear. I definitely recommend taking it with food, though. I got really bad heartburn for a week because I took this pill without eating."
"My son is 15 now and we have struggled for years with his ADHD. He has now been on Strattera for 2 years and has gone from straight D&#039;s in maths to A in achievement he can concentrate more retain information and does not lose it as he uses to. I have seen no side effects at all. At one point he went off it, lasted 5 days then chose to go back on it as he could tell that it helped his behaviour and way of dealing with things. I have only good things to say about Strattera."
"I previously posted my initial review after my first 6 weeks on Genvoya, so here is my update 6 months after that previous blood test.  In the past 6 months, my CD4 count has risen from 343 to 474.  This averages to an increase of 21 cells per month, which matches well with the official clinical patient trials for Genvoya.  I am very very happy with that trend.  So in 7.5 months on this drug, I&#039;ve gone from a CD4 count of 326 to 474.  I don&#039;t want to get too jazzed about one set of blood test results, but I&#039;ll take all the good news I can get.  Most of my other bloodwork items came back within the normal ranges, which is nice.  I switched health insurance carriers January 1, and now my co-pay has gone down by 95%, which is fantastic."
"I have been on tyvaso  for a little over a year now and like one of the users said 9 breathes was to much for me. I stay somewhere between 5 to 7 breathes and it dose wonders for me. However I can&#039;t always find the time to get to the treatment 4 times per day..  I also take adcira and letirius. among the thee pulmonary hypertension( PH) meds I think that the tyvaso has the ability to be the best of them. I just wish I could focus enough everyday to take 4 pr day . Anyone knows anything helpful please comment. yall have a good day and good luck to all with your PH......"
"I have used this anti-depressant at varying dosages over the past 5 years and it has proved to be very efficient at managing my depression. I do wish to highlight the intense physical withdrawal symptoms I experience if I miss even one dose (flu-like symptoms). This is an excellent medicine but when you choose to lower your dosage, only do it in conjunction with a medical professional as it can be quite physically demanding."
"So far I have been on it 5 days and I am experiencing the worsening of my anxiety symptoms. It&#039;s like I can sit still and am in a constant state of panic that even my Xanax is not helping. I am praying that this passes quickly and I start to feel better. I am taking 10mg every morning currently. Supposed to do a checkin with my psychiatrist Tuesday so hopefully the side effects have lessened some by then. I am so amped up with anxiety I am hardly eating and walking about 16,000+ steps a day mainly from pacing. As a stay at home mom of 3 busy kids and a husband who travels frequently I hope relief comes soon!"
"It reduces urination frequency but has a very negative affect on my sex life. I&#039;m going to have to stop using it."
"I have a very sensitive body.  I ended up in the hospital after 2 weeks of using Ortho Tri Cyclen and was very scared of going back on any birth control pill.  However, I&#039;m on my second month of using Lo Loesterin Fe and so far it&#039;s been great!  The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced thus far are breast tenderness, bloating of my breasts, and very little mood swings.  Other than that I haven&#039;t had any other problems.  Furthermore, I haven&#039;t gained any weight nor experienced any nausea.  My sex drive has shot up the roof rather than decreasing.  Must say, overall this pill has been great compared to other pills I&#039;ve used!"
"I can&#039;t sing the praises of Frova enough. I have had migraines since I was diagnosed when I was 10 years old and I have been on 3 different migraine medication studies including one on Biofeedback for migraines. I have tried countless medicines that my neurologists have prescribed and alternative treatments like acupuncture. I have suffered for close to 30 years of having up to 3 migraines a week. I was kicked out of school for absences even with the top neurologist in the state saying that there was nothing I could do to prevent them. I was unable to work full time for 15 years. I went to a pain clinic &amp; they had me try Frova. It worked &amp; without the side effects of Imitrex. It has changed my life. It stops them completely. I have a normal life now."
"I had the Nexplanon inserted about eight months ago. I did plenty of research before, so I knew what to expect in the first few months, as far as bleeding/spotting, headaches, etc. Without birth control, I went through about five ultra tampons on an average period day. When my &quot;period&quot; came around on the Nexplanon, it was barely anything (light enough to wear a pantyliner while at work without needing to change it). I thought I finally found the perfect birth control. However, the last three or four months, I&#039;ve had a constant period, with a couple of days here and there with nothing. It&#039;s terrible. And although it isn&#039;t as heavy as it used to be, it&#039;s heavier than it was when I started Nexplanon"
"So, I was really excited about getting birth control because I wanted to wait until my next pregnancy.  I got Skyla in June 2015. The insertion wasn&#039;t bad, but the side effects were. First, I got a really bad pelvic infection caused by Skyla. I was bleeding for a month straight with harsh cramps. Sex has been very uncomfortable, and also decreased my sex drive. I get horrible cramps even if I&#039;m not on my Period, the pain makes me really nauseas. I also experienced weight gain. I get a normal 3-4 day period still. It&#039;s been a year and a half and I&#039;m tired of this birth control. The only good thing is that I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant for these past 2 years."
"This drug is the best. I&#039;ve taken it twice stubborn acne keeps on coming back.. That&#039;s the only thing, but to others it never comes back. I want to go on it again to get cleared up again.. I just started this birth control called the implanon and I think that it makes my acne worse.. I don&#039;t have big pimples, small looking ones that are annoying..I also have a lot of whiteheads because my skin is so oily.. I&#039;m going to make an appointment soon.. Accutane works really well.. It clears ur skin like no other.."
"I love Trinessa I have had no negative side effects at all. It cleared up most of my acne scaring and I have been on it for 2 years now and had no pregnancy scares ever and I do it unprotected a lot. I would recommend this as a girls first pill to try."
"DIARRHEA. Remember that word, because if you take this stuff, you will be suddenly awaken during the middle of the night and forced to wreak havoc on your toilet bowl. I just blew up my toilet 45 min ago and am getting ready to pay it another visit as I write this. If you are reading this review, take my advice: use something else.  My cough was bad, but I would have gladly kept it if I knew my butt was going to turn into Niagara Falls."
"I went on Doryx about 2 weeks ago and I&#039;ve already seen a huge improvement. At first I thought the pills were really big, but they&#039;re not that bad at all (don&#039;t make it a bigger deal than it is!). You can take it at any time of day and watching the progress of your skin getting clearer is so awesome. I used this product with Differin and a prescribed face wash. I don&#039;t know if it will work for everyone but I do know it did for me. I didn&#039;t have much trouble getting a lot of acne so far. I think it just doesn&#039;t happen for some people. I&#039;m seeing improvement right away. 

RECOMMENDED!"
"Started at 25mg a day, and eventually got up to 75mg a day.  Rather than make me feel more expansive and energized this drug made me feel super lethargic and even more depressed.  I also experienced loss of appetite on this drug.  

1/10 would punch Pfizer CEO in the face."
"I am about to turn 50 and my life of anxiety has been a recent and unpleasant downward spiral. I ended up in the emergency room twice with soaring blood pressure, flushing and heart palpitations plus overwhelming feelings of panic. I live daily with either anxiety or small panic attacks, they are debilitating and have affected my ability to continue work on my degree. After my last ER visit a doc felt I was having panic attacks and directed me to seek help at a Mental Health Clinic. I&#039;ve tried several anti-depressants and I have not tolerated them well. Xanax (0.5 mg) has gotten me through many a day and night and I prefer this medication over all the others. It decreases the anxiety very quickly and helps to maintain a sense of normality."
"I have been on this pill for about 10 months &amp; I LOVE it ! I originally got on it for birth control &amp; it did the job. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant after never using protection or any other contraception . I still get my normal 3 day period but a few months I had spotting or a longer period. overall, I love  it and will continue to use it until I&#039;m ready for another child."
"I was prescribed Adipex on Nov 10, 2014. I weighed 155 pounds. To some that might not seem like a lot, but it was to me. I had tried working out and eating right and nothing was helping. Today, Dec 22 I weighed 135. I have steadily lost weight since starting it. I skip some days and still feel energetic and not as hungry. The first week on Adipex, I had the worst dry mouth. I couldn&#039;t drink enough water. I still an pretty thirsty but it&#039;s manageable. Drinking water helps the medicine work better. I have also changed my eating habits to use when the pills are up. The first night I didn&#039;t sleep, but now I can go to bed no problem. This medication isn&#039;t a quick fix, it simply is helping you make life style changes to keep weight off."
"Keflex treated my bladder infection successfully with no noticeable side effects, and was also very affordable."
"Knee, loss of cartilage in both knees. Series 3 injections 1 wk apart. First lasted 12 months, second, same, now getting 3rd series. Works excellent. The use of Euflexxa has been excellent and continued to work well without pain for 12 months.  This is my third series of injections."
"It worked like a magic for my allergy symptoms. I think it took about 24~48 hours to kick in. Now I only use 1 spray per nostril everyday. If I skip for more than 2 days, I start sneezing again, and that&#039;s how I know this medication works. Now I am interested in looking into long-term use."
"Help! Can anybody who has had burning after using this horrible creme tell me how long does the burning last? Anyway how do you  stop the burning? I put it in once and have been burning for 24 hours... any way to stop the burn??"
"My diagnosis:  Major Depressive Disorder, GAD, ADD.  I have been on 40 mg of Strattera for over a month and have noticed a major decrease in my anxiety and uncontrolled thoughts.  It has only improved my ADD a small degree.  I have not seen any decrease in appetite maybe an increase. No weight loss and two pound gain.  Only side effects first two weeks were heart palpitations.  Please give this medicine at least two weeks before quitting.  I almost quit due to the palpitations (which were severe at times).  But now only positive results.  Drugs I am on:  Lamictal, Wellbutrin XR, Strattera 40mg."
"I was recently prescribed topiramate 25 MG tablet for neuropathy caused by type 2 diabetes.  I can not find any other place on here where this drug was prescribed for neuropathy, but so far it appears to be helping."
"First time taking pred and was on 40mg for Ulcerative Colitis.
Had the expected side effects:

-Moonface
-Weight gain
-Swelling and joint pain
-Bad headaches
-Brain fog and confusion
-Dizziness
-Increased appetite
-Irritability and mood swings

Overall it did control my symptoms effectively for a while but I do believe the side effects from this medication are worse than the actual condition.."
"I&#039;ve gone through most of my adult life not knowing that I have ADHD. After finding that I had literally every single symptom. As my doctor said, Whoa!  You&#039;re off the chart here! I&#039;ve been taking 20mg for a month now. Some of my symptoms bother me. Forgetting what I was talking about mid sentence, going into a room forgetting what I was there for. All in all though, I call this medicine a miracle. I hate thinking about how much of my life I&#039;ve missed out on before this. I was in school to be a Pharmacy Tech. I dropped out within a month, because I just couldn&#039;t keep up, or focus. I feel good now. My insurance at first weren&#039;t filling it. My doctor had to call the insurance co, they approved it for a year.

My doctors appointment to check how this medicine dosage is working. I think I need to go up a bit. I don&#039;t have annoying side effects"
"My Dr. prescribed Naprelan for me on March 10th..By March 12th. my condition had improved 85%!!!
Ladybugluv"
"I&#039;m 26 and a mama of 2 beautiful girls, so I decided a few months ago that I&#039;m good on babies for a while and that I wanted to go with the non hormonal form of birth control (paragard). A few weeks ago I had it inserted, which was a little uncomfortable it pinched but it was quick and easy and over with in a matter of minutes. 4 days after it was inserted I started my period, which lasted 7 days (3 days longer then before) and it was alot heavier than before. Since then I&#039;ve had a lot of  clear discharge and every couple days I will spot, with mild belly aches. But honestly it&#039;s nothing to make me change my mind, I don&#039;t have to deal with daily pills or hormones. So far I&#039;m loving it!"
"I was depressed for seven months in bed and I was prescribed Viibryd 40mg. After 1 week I started to feel fantastic for at least 3 weeks and now I&#039;m feeling like I&#039;m on the roller coaster again (slightly down).  And to top it off I&#039;ve gained at least 10 lbs. Made me very outspoken about almost everything (something I did like after any situation). I&#039;m going to try it for couple more weeks and I hope things change. Also I&#039;m not a person that has to have sweets, but on this medicine I began to eat sweets instead of wanting my regular meals.  Still hopeful."
"I have been having skin infections on my breasts off and on for 6 yrs. Ever since I developed mastitis when I was breastfeeding. I&#039;ve been given Bactrim DS each time and advised to use  Neosporin CREAM, not ointment. I&#039;m not sure if it works all that great. It DOES take care of the red, rashy looking inflammation surrounding the &quot;boil&quot;/&quot;blister&quot;, but does not seem to even really touch the actual blister itself. Without medication it will take 3 - 4 weeks or so to heal, with meds it it takes 2 weeks. I think it has alot to do with the healing of the red rash part... so I continue to take it. The only side effect I have noticed is an almost unquenchable thirst. But, no nausea, insomnia or headaches for me."
"I have been taking  this for 3 weeks, feels no change at all , like it is like am not taking anything, have been watching what I eat and walking treadmill 45 min, Iv&#039;e lost 3 pounds, but I feel no change in appetite or no side effects, are some people immune to this drug?"
"This was a great pill!! I lost over 30 pds in 3months.160 when I started down to 128pd.I have been off about 6months. Now I weight 160 again.when u stop the pill u will gain the weight bk I promise"
"I am 59 and it got to the point that I was avoiding sex.  I had pain with intercourse and had to use lubricant all the time.  I use 4mg once a week and am enjoying sex for the first time in years."
"Since the beginning of the pollen season (Mid-March) in  Atlanta. I&#039;ve been miserable with chest congestion/asthma that wouldn&#039;t go away with all the various things prescribed for me (Singulair, Combivent, Astepro N.S., Allegra and Avlesco, which gave me thrush within a couple of weeks) UNTIL Asmanex! It took about a week, but then one day I realized I was able to breathe easier and each day got better. I haven&#039;t needed the Combivent since I started to clear with the Asmanex. I&#039;ll ask my Asthma/Allergy doctor if I can stop the Singular (since I also have osteopenia borderline on osteoporosis).  My mom suggested I move to another state, but I won&#039;t have to if the Asmanex is able to get me through the Atlanta pollen seasons (March-May)."
"I&#039;m a 32 y/o female who has suffered from chronic diarrhea related to anxiety for about 5 years. I have anywhere from 2 to 10 bouts of diarrhea a day. I was very excited to try Lomotil after reading so many positive reviews.

I have been taking 2 pills 4 times a days, as prescribed. This medicine did not work for me, and the side effects are awful. I am still having urgent bouts of diarrhea. Also, this medicine makes me feel so sleepy that I can barely hold my eyes open. I took my last dose about 18 hours ago, and still feel very groggy. The dry mouth is so bad that it wakes me up, even though I have been staying hydrated.

I am discontinuing this!"
"This medication has helped me with my sinus headaches that I get often (not just with seasonal allergies). It helps with opening up my swollen nasal passages when my allergies are act up."
"I&#039;m so excited to have found this medication! Nothing worked before to cure my constipation besides stimulant laxatives and enemas, and with my family history of colon cancer I wanted to avoid the stimulants. I have a regular morning bm now which is SO different from my weekly decision of what drugs to take to force it out. I&#039;m on the lowest dose. But I had a bunch of drinks for the first time and the combination of alcohol and Linzess gave me horrible diarrhea all night long. Diarrhea never REALLY bothers me, but I thought it is an annoying effect if it&#039;ll happen every time."
"I have urticaria for more then 6 years. Finally I got this pill Allegra 180mg, finally works. I took about a week and my hives are really gone, and now I&#039;m finally happy and I don&#039;t feel any side effects at all. "
"I started taking zoloft for panic attacks because xanax alone was not working and let me tell you - zoloft is a miracle. Zoloft feels like an anchor is on my brain keeping me so much more stable. It has even helped tone down my paranoia and hallucinations. Thanks to whoever created zoloft!"
"I am a woman taking flomax for severe urinary retention.  Flomax works wonderfully, although it did not start to work for me until I had taken it for about 3 weeks.  Initially there was some mild drowsiness and dizziness, which has mostly subsided.  Make sure you talk to your doctor about getting on a bathroom schedule so you can eventually stop taking this.  I was going 15 to 20 x/day and not able to empty below 200 ccs.  This combination has gotten me down to going only 6 or 7 x/day, and completely empty."
"While Skyla and other IUDs can be a great option for some women (convenience, effectiveness, etc.), it was the wrong birth control method for me. The insertion was much more painful than was expected, even though an ultrasound confirmed the IUD was in the correct place. I had severe cramping for the first 24 hours. Cramping then came in waves for a few days afterward, ranging from mild/manageable to acute enough for me to be unable to walk or stand. Aside from the pain level, the thought that a foreign object was inside my uterus was much more upsetting to me than I had expected it would be. Removal was also painful, but lasted no more than a few minutes. Nuvaring was a better choice for me."
"This medicine does work extremely well. It takes away all cravings. It is the best medication I have used to help complete my opioid free lifestyle."
"I had tried all the short term meds; like hydrocodone, oxycodone, ect. Over half my back and neck, the pads in between the vertebra are crushed or not there at at. My Dr. Put me on 60mg MS CONTIN 4 TIMES, on a 24 hour period. With hydrocodone as a break through, short term med. l need not say I rarely touch the hydrocodone. Sometimes I only take 2 or 3 MS CONTIN A DAY. MS CONTIN 60mg is the best long term for me, thank GOD FOR 60mg MORPHINE,, PAIN FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"My experience may be helpful as I have been on this pill for 20+ years with GREAT success. 
I starting reading reviews this morning and see while some are great others are not. My 21 year old daughter will be starting these pills next week after having horrible experiences with 2 to 3 others. Thought I would see what others are saying as everyone is different. 
I have barely had a period in 20 years. Usually 3-4 days where only a panty shield is necessary. It is not red which used to concern me as did the lack of period. I stopped twice to make sure I was ok &amp; after one full period went right back on these pills.
To summarize in an effort to be brief.
NO CRAMPS
NO PERIOD but light flow 3-4 days
OVERALL healthy
Still taking well into my 40&#039;s
After my daughter struggling I insisted they put her on these to try.
My OBGYN said the hormones were higher than some others was why she didn&#039;t start on them. 
GREAT SUCCESS for me
Everyone is different. Hope this helps."
"The doctor put me on this to regulate my period. I&#039;ve never taken any birth control prior to this. I took it for 2 days and started noticing a strange sensation in my chest. Not painful but uncomfortable as if I was not getting enough oxygen. I know it was the Aviane because I have never had that feeling before. I stopped taking it, and I am very disappointed that I reacted that way because I wanted my breasts to get bigger and my periods to get normal. The doctor switched me to Norethindrone because she suspects that I have an allergy to estrogen. "
"I have taken Klonopin for at least 20 years now and it is the only medication that prevents absences and myocloptic seizures. Sometimes I have breakthroughs but not often. I vary in my doses from 1 mg a day to 3 mg at times due to needing a little more or less. Since I have been on it for so long I am able to do this. I take it at nighttime because I cannot function during the day if I take it in the morning.  I think I have been on every seizure medicine there is and have had nightmare stories concerning them but Klonopin works the best for me. I believe every person is different and what works for one may not work for another. I do have to put up with occasional side effects like bouts of insomnia and breakthrough optical migraines."
"I first started researching the Mirena when my Dr suggested it so me because I sucked at taking the pill everyday, had terribly painful and heavy periods, and I had no sexual desire at all. After reading everything online I was very nervous about the insertion and I almost backed out last minute. Getting it in was very, very painful for me. The cramps were next to unbearable. I missed the next day of school and work because I was in so much pain. After about the 4th day, the pain and cramps finally started to subside. I bled for about 3 months after. Nothing that a simple panty liner didn&#039;t take care of. It was always just light spotting. I am so glad I kept it because it is almost a year later and I love it. I would recommend to anyone."
"I have nerve pain from diabetes. I was waking up several times a night with severe pain. Lyrica has allowed me to sleep through the night without interruption. So far no side effects to report."
"I had unprotected sex twice within a couple of days from each other. I nearly maxed out the recommended 3 day window before I took My Way. Within a couple of weeks I received what would have been my period however it wasnt a full out period. I had a heavy flow for 2 days and it was nearly gone after that. I thought it had worked but lately I&#039;ve been nervously awaiting my next period to come. Still questioning the pills effectiveness I decided to go ahead and take a pregnancy test. Turns out I won&#039;t be a mother after all! My experience with Plan B and My Way were totally different. Between the two I had a more nerve wrecking experience this time around. Next time, save yourself the headache and wrap it up. Remember, it is not birth control."
"My doctor put me on this medicine for depression.  I have known for quite a while I was depressed but I never told anyone. I feel better already.  Took my first dose today.  It works quickly. I am not crying all day, not worrying all day and I feel better TODAY. This is not in my mind. It really does work. I imagine within a week I will notice a really big difference.  Depression had caused me not to want to do anything at all.  Going to work was even almost impossible.  Now I found some help."
"Always works for me. My indigestion is periodic depending on factors I haven&#039;t been able to pin down, so I don&#039;t take the drug before meals, but wait until I&#039;m sure my stomach pain is rising. and then take two 75 mg ranitidine which reduce the pain within 15 minutes, and eliminate it entirely within 30 minutes. Antacids don&#039;t work for me."
"Excellent medication usually works great have no complaints when used for depression only."
"My quality of living without constant pain has been great...now the down side....attempting to go off the medicine...withdrawal etc. I was up to 100 mcg...I am now down to 37 mcg....will attempt to continue to decrease dose....wish me luck!"
"Everyone&#039;s different and some folks won&#039;t need the 20 mg a day. This medicine makes you feel like you never had an issue with cravings. They are gone, 100%,. After a while you forget what it was to have cravings and you may think the medicine isn&#039;t really doing anything, but try skipping it for a day or two and it will all come back to you! I still want to eat, just not bad stuff or big portions. I get hungry, but never so much so that I can&#039;t make good choices. That&#039;s the beauty of it. I think it will have to be made available for maintenance, maybe a lower dose, not sure. I wish more doctors knew about it. So many people are missing out on something that could really help them."
"I take only 5mg a day but it works for my mild ADD.  This gives me great concentration and I can get things done.  Without this, I can&#039;t even read an article in a newspaper.  This is my life saver.  The only catch is I get tense TMJ from this.  But I lived with it as the benefit outweigh the side effect."
"Hello everyone,

I&#039;m your typical 18 year old lad and have never written on a forum before but I want to write something for the people that are worried about taking this (in my opinion) miracle drug. I am coming to the end of my 6 month course and I can honestly say it&#039;s been life changing. 

Before I started Roaccutane, I was fairly depressed and seriously lacking confidence due to my appearance. But after months of failed treatments on various antibiotics, I was referred to a dermatologist who instantly said there&#039;s only one way to fix my acne problem, Roaccutane. At first I thought this is the worst case scenario and I&#039;m going to be even more depressed as a result of the possible mental health side affects. Depression has run in my family so I was very worried. However, living like with acne wasn&#039;t something I was prepared to do, so I started the course on 40mg a day.

The first week I had a headache daily, but thankfully these die off after a week and paracetamol and ibuprofen will take all the pain away. Almost immediately, my lips were cracking and from then on in, I never went anywhere without some Carmex lip balm in my pocket.

As the first 3 months went by, I was still breaking out and was starting to think it isn&#039;t going to work. However, I&#039;m so glad I stuck with it because now I haven&#039;t got a single spot of my face and the scars have faded to the point where you can barely see them! After the third month, my derm upped my dose and I started to take 60mg a day. 

Luckily for me I hadn&#039;t had any serious side affects. Just your occasional nose bleed and dry skin, and sometimes my eyes were a bit blurry but it&#039;s not much of an issue.

Anyway, I just want anyone reading this that is worried about starting this medication, that not everyone has a horror story about Roaccutane and I couldn&#039;t be happier at how it&#039;s made me feel!!

Don&#039;t let acne take over your life!:)"
"I had insomnia and anxiety, probably mixed with a little depression. My doctor put me on Citalopram and sent me for CBT therapy for the insomnia and anxiety. I also did the 6 week self help book Sleepio programme for insomnia, yoga, regular exercise and mindfulness meditation that I would highly recommend. The combination worked wonders! The Citalopram took about 6 weeks to kick in but I definitely still feel happier on it than off! I find that I smile more and people smile back. I was on anti depressants when I was younger but they seemed to cut off parts of the brain whereas  Citalopram has a &#039;good feel&#039; factor! It works for me!"
"I was given this medication because of fibromyalgia and insomnia. I was unable to get a deep sleep and as a result my fibromyalgia was very bad. I was not informed of the issues of long term use and have been on it for years. I started with a new doctor and the first thing she did was take me off of this medication down from 1mg to 1/2 for 30 days and then cold turkey. This is way too fast for this medicine. I have had heart palpitations, hallucinations, inability to sleep-at all, lightheaded, high blood pressure, racing pulse, really weird thoughts. "
"Unfortunately after taking my first dose of Zomig, I had an allergic reaction to it.  Upper lip felt like I was stung by a bee and started to swell up on one side.  This stayed in the same location for about 45 minutes.  After that, my left cheek started to swell and get numb along with my nose.  Off to the ER I had to go.  While it DID kick the migraine, I had an unfortunate reaction to it."
"My 6 year old was on tenex and I wanted an easier dosing approach therefore we decided to try Intuniv Er 1mg which was lower than the 2 mg of tenex she was on. She started on a Friday evening and by Saturday afternoon she was vomitting. I initially chalked it up to a stomach virus until days later the pyschiatric advised to immediately discontinue as the vomitting was an adverse reaction. She stopped 3 days ago and is still vomitting at least once daily. We have gradually introduced the tenex back and next week she will be back to her full 2mg tenex dose. I hoped to have good results but the reaction was too bad!!"
"Astelin is the only prescription antihistamine nasal spray approved to treat symptoms caused by both seasonal allergens and environmental irritants.


Astelin provides relief from bothersome nasal symptoms such as congestion, itchy/runny nose, sneezing and postnasal drip due to seasonal allergens or environmental irritants.

Astelin is steroid-free and does not contain pseudoephedrine."
"I have awful allergies and have since I was a kid.  At 30 years old I finally couldn&#039;t take it anymore, and gave in and started taking medicine.  I take a prescription strength Claritin, and use Flonase, Fluticasone Propionate. I really like it because it takes effect immediately.  I actually like the smell of it. It cracks me up because it is for allergies, yet smells like flowers.  I noticed it works best if you blow your nose first and use it first thing in the morning. I did experience a mild nose bleed about a week into using it, but haven&#039;t had one since and I have been using it 4 months now."
"Helped me sleep, when even benzos and ambien didn&#039;t. Also helps with my lack of appetite. I did gain 45lbs the first few months, but eventually I lost the weight. I actually liked the weight gain, I&#039;ve been underweight my whole life. As far as anxiety, I&#039;d say it helps me relax but doesn&#039;t slow my mind down like the Xanax I used to take. Still, mildly effective for anxiety. Download card from website, 30 day supply w no insurance will cost $11, without card, $77. Big difference."
"I got put on these today as I got a really bad abscess around my gum and tooth my left cheek is so swollen I can&#039;t swollen or eat anything. I&#039;ve taken the first 3 but nothing has changed seems like it&#039;s getting worst maybe it&#039;s just me and it&#039;s too soon to tell but no side effects for me what so ever just make me abit sleepy..

This is prob the worst thing I&#039;ve ever experienced so bloody painful and uncomfortable "
"Love this medication.  I do not experience any side effects and do not feel like a zombie.  I feel like a normal person, but can definitely tell this medicine works."
"very good"
"Was started on Wellbutrin 150mg for one month. Made me sleep and eat less but did nothing for my depression so my doctor increased it to 300mg. Within 3 to 4 days of the increase, I was having panic attacks and couldn&#039;t stop crying. Depression kicked into overdrive immediately."
"It either works for you or it doesn&#039;t. It seems like you get mostly all the side effects or just spotting. I have been on Nex for about a month and a half and I started spotting about 10 days ago. It is pretty annoying because I got it for birth control. Now I don&#039;t even have sex. I cry a lot now and I&#039;m always hungry, although I haven&#039;t gained any weight. I&#039;m waiting for my period to end! So many panty liners!"
"I&#039;m taking 75 mg qid,or severe spinal degeneration as well as other issues. In the past I used dilaudid, percocet, and m.s. contin. Works great for pain but I am more tired than with other drugs. My insurance company denied approval, so I faxed them a letter explaining why I needed it and they approved it 10 minutes after the fax was sent. Thank God !!"
"I was prescribed Baclofen to help spasms and pain caused by my generalised dystonia with severe tremor. Initially I was put on a very low dose which was to build up gradually. I take a cocktail of daily medication but after two weeks of Baclofen added to my med cocktail I was in less pain. I noticed I&#039;d cut my painkillers from four times a day to only once or twice, I didn&#039;t need them. I&#039;m not saying I&#039;m pain free or don&#039;t have spasms anymore but I definitely notice a great improvement. I did have unpleasant side effects to begin with, weakness, drowsy, drunk like feeling, it wasn&#039;t nice at all but I kept with it, the side effects improved and I&#039;m so relieved I don&#039;t suffer the excruciating pain I was in."
"Tastes like cake batter... not as bad as other medicines... works as long as you wash &amp; thoroughly clean your house for several days after treatment as well as treat your ENTIRE family even if you think they have it or not!"
"I&#039;m 16, and over the course of a few months I started becoming more and more depressed and anxious, after trying a few other medications along with none at all (only therapy), I started taking Zoloft as it has helped others in my family. The first 10 days (started at 25mg) were horrible, suicidal thoughts, no appetite, headaches and terrible anxiety but once I hit 2 weeks I felt so much better. I&#039;m now 6 weeks in and on 75mg, I feel amazing, still get headaches but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s related, I feel almost 100% myself, I&#039;ll give it a few more weeks and see if I need to maybe get to 100mg but honestly this medication saved my life."
"Been on it four weeks. Like the option to skip a menstrual cycle. My experience so,far is good. I decided to skip my cycle last week just to see how it would feel. Didn&#039;t miss it one bit. Love that option. Didn&#039;t miss the maxi pads or the mess a cycle can leave in my underwear.  I have an increased sex drive too.  Think, I might even skip my cycle during the summer unless my GYN decides things need to come out after my ordeal three weeks ago."
"Here&#039;s the thing... most of these reviews are from users that have used Chantix and quit in the past month... that&#039;s NOT quitting. That&#039;s medicated cessation. I&#039;ve been a smoker for 35 years... On my 10th week of Chantix and while Chantix worked WONDERFULLY the first 4-5 weeks.. it&#039;s not working great now. In the beginning, Chantix make smoking unsavory. Not only did I not WANT to smoke, but I found the entire thing unpleasant. This was fantastic. However, going on week 10 now... I want to smoke and Chantix is doing very little to stop that. Realize Chantix TRUE success rate is only roughly 15%. It&#039;s NOT a &quot;miracle&quot; drug."
"I have severe pain, stiffness, inflammation in the shoulder/arm/hand from an injury that occurred years ago.  At first it was called severe left brachial plexopathy, but it has turned into chronic pain syndrome.  At first doctors prescribed heavy meds that caused really bad side effects, so I asked dcs to change pres.   Eventually the new doctors have been prescribing gabapentin, meloxican, celecoxib, and some other medications to help my stomach.  I was on a temporary trial for an spinal stimulator, together with my medication and it improved my pain.  However, for the permanent stimulator Dr told me to stop taking celecoxib for 2 weeks before surgery...  The pain came back so bad I haven&#039;t been able to sleep at all for almost a week."
"Been on champix now for 3 days and have yet to be bothered by any side effects . 
I too was no where near motivated to quit
But I&#039;m giving it a go for my children .
I&#039;ve been a pack a day for 24 years . I hope this does the trick .
All the best everyone ."
"At one point, I was on regular seroquel as needed and seroquel XR daily. During this time, I gained a lot of weight that I just could not take off. I was prescribed the seroquel as needed, 25 mgs up to 3 times a day. 
Later on, I was going through something else and seroquel had just gone generic. My psychiatrist put me back on the 25 mg pill as needed. I rarely used it and this time I didn&#039;t gain any weight from it, which I was relieved about. I know they say that the lower doses are supposed to make you really tired, but that didn&#039;t seem to have any effect on me."
"This is the best medicine I&#039;ve come across for my whole body. I started using it for Tendinitis. I didn&#039;t realize my whole body was suffering from aches and pains until taking Mobic. If I run out of my prescription I can definitely tell a big difference. Thanks Mobic."
"I&#039;ve tried many birth controls over the years and this one has had some crazy side effects. I now sunburn. I thought it was just me until I looked it up and realized birth control can make your skin sensitive to sunlight. I also get extremely nauseous now. Car rides and roller coasters, even standing up too fast make me want to puke. I haven&#039;t gained weight but I can&#039;t lose it either no matter how hard I try. And lastly, I am always anxious. I worry about every single little thing. I can&#039;t hardly sleep sometimes because I worry about going to work in the morning or needing to do laundry. I&#039;m so anxious, I can hardly be around my friends, colleagues and family. My entire personality has changed since starting this birth control."
"My experience on this was bad. The only reason I hate this is because of headaches. They were so bad my eyes would not focus and they would get lazy, I tried everything and didn&#039;t notice it was my pills until I switched. I switched because I got weird cramps. It has helped against pregnancy, no gain weight, normal appetite, but the headaches were bad. When I went on my other pills I didn&#039;t like them so I tried to switch back to those and noticed right away the headaches. Not my favorite but it&#039;s different for everyone."
"Had the series of injections years ago.  Didn&#039;t help at all.  Ended up with knee replacement.  Now other knee is going and WITH insurance, injection of SynviscOne costs over $130 (co-pay) + $30 co-pay for visit.  I&#039;m not having it done unless I get a guarantee that it will work.  RIP-OFF for the cost and a RIP-OFF that insurance doesn&#039;t provide better coverage."
"I remember the nurse telling me over the phone to eat a meal with this pill because it makes you nauseous. The pharmacist also told me to eat with this pill. I had a pretty heavy lunch before taking these pills (2) and two hours later, I was hit with an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach which turned into nausea. I had to call into work to say I was running late simply because I believed I would puke everywhere if I went then. Eat a big meal and take a nap afterwards. it&#039;s the only thing that helped."
"I&#039;ve had nexaplanon almost a year now. I got the nexaplanon when I turned 16. The first month with the birth control I had only a light period. After then I haven&#039;t had a period at all. I can barely feel the implant. It wasn&#039;t painful but however after you do get dizzy and sleepy after you get it inserted. The next day you will be more energized than ever. The only negative is that you gain weight. I went from being 180 lbs to being 220. It is horrible. I&#039;m planning to get this taken off because of it. Overall I reccommend it if your 16 to 35 years old even to regulate periods."
"I have used this at 1/2 the prescribed dosage for over a year. My cholesterol levels have improved dramatically even at the lower dosage. I do not believe my cholesterol is a problem but have succumbed to my doctor. I would not take statins although my insurance company says I should. I am pleased with the results."
"I have suffered from major treatment-resistant depression for 32 years.  I&#039;ve tried so many medications along with polypharmacy for this, and almost nothing helps.  The only antidepressants that are of any use are citalopram, buproprion, and Abilify.  Even this combination doesn&#039;t always work--usually the citalopram stops working after a number of months, and I have to switch it out for sertraline.
A few years ago, my psychiatrist tried adding 20 mg of methylphenidate twice a day.  What a difference!  I am now able to get out of bed, work, focus, smile, and have something that approximates a normal life.
The only problem with this, is that I am now completely dependent on the methylphenidate in order to function."
"I have been dealing with nodular acne for years. I finally decided to go to dermatologist. She prescribed minocycline. In a week, I begin to see results. My skin was cleaning. Unfortunately by the second week, I started to break out in hives and was itching really bad. I called the doctor and explained what was happening. She told me to stop taking the medicine due to my allergic reaction to it."
"I used to be on Vicodin 10/500 for my severe pain due to rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, fibromyalgia and spinal issues. My pain is chronic and severe. I&#039;ve been on Norco for 4 months now and did not feel any difference from the Vicodin. Last month my pharmacy gave me a different brand. It was amazing! First time in a few years that my pain was less. I even found myself missing a dose because I was feeling ok.  Believe me all genetics DONT work the same way."
"I have taken Lomedia for years and have absolutely loved it.  When I went to my pharmacy a week ago to pick up my prescription they told me that Lomedia had been suddenly discontinued and so they had given  me Blisovi.  She explained that it&#039;s suppose to be made by the same company as Lomedia and is SUPPOSED to be the same exact ingredients.  THAT CANNOT BE TRUE.  I have had no issues with my periods for years and now I am bleeding heavily, am very bloated and my face is suddenly breaking out.  I do not believe it&#039;s the same pill, something is different.  I do not recommend this pill."
"I have a mild Traumatic Brain Injury and after the first week of using it dramatically reduce the brain fog and improved cognitive function. 
However after several months of use no further improvement have being noticed."
"I did not experience any weight gain, but I do have insane periods. I won&#039;t have one for a month and then 44 days later I&#039;ll have a period for two weeks. I don&#039;t really care about the random periods because I&#039;ve suffered from this my entire life, but I&#039;m coming to the end of my 3 years, and my mood swings around the time of my period are HORRIBLE. I&#039;m emotional, and just crazy. I&#039;m not sure if this is due to the Implanon, but its gotten severe in the past 5 months, to the point where its disrupting my life and my relationship. I loved the Implanon except for these past 5 months. VERY effective form of birth control, but not so great at stopping the periods."
"This medicine does wonders.  I am a 27 year old male who suffered from severe cyclical depression.

This drug, (also known as fluoxetine when I get it cheaper), did wonders for my outlook and disposition of the world.  It feels as if a solid barrier has been thrown up in my mind against things which would otherwise stress me out or cause depression.  It also has a profound stabilizing effect in general on mood, thoughts, and feelings.

I am deeply thankful for this drug.  I would suggest trying it if you are reading this and suffer from these conditions."
"Well. I took 4 tablets as directed before I went to bed. After around 12 hours, the tablets allowed me to use the bathroom as soon I awoke in the afternoon. Insane diarrhea though, but I&#039;m glad that it helped my constipation."
"Hello all, I&#039;m 34 years old and have fibromyalgia and Anxiety.  I have taken all the anti-depressants out there and xanax is the only one that truly helped me.  I have been on xanax for the last 8 years of my life.  I am prescribed two 2 mgs a day.  I take it as needed, and often I split a 2 mg in half.  If I&#039;m off work for a day, I will maybe take a quarter to half for the entire day.  Recently my regular doctor weaned me off of it, I thought I would be okay, instead I started having panic attacks every day.  They were so bad that even being around 1 or 2 friends, for a long period of time, I would almost lose my shit.  I had seven or eight 1 mg xanax left when I saw a psychiatrist, I told him what was happening and he wrote me a script instantly."
"I just started with Opana ER 5mg every 12 hours. The first time I used it, it did help with the pain, not much but a little. Then after a few days, I started suffering from some of the side effects. Anxiety attacks that verged on the near panic attack stage, difficulty breathing, and a few others. I told my doctor that I have heart problems, asthma, and a history of seizures, but he decided that he would give it to me anyway.  I am glad that Opana ER works for some, but it is not the one for me."
"Took this have been sick all week from one dose and I will be glad when it wears off  and I will be not taking any more. I had heart burn, an upset stomach, felt so full and sick especially when I eat. No more of this stuff - one dose enough."
"On 0.5 mg with 20mg escitalopram at day time and 0.5 mg clonazepam at sleep. Nice medicine and completely drives away my anxiety, especially the running heartbeat and sweaty palms  using also propranolol 20 mg, for social anxiety disorder and racing thoughts, would rate it 10 if my concentration in studying would not have decreased due to one of above mentioned medicines. Overall good, taking it since past 5 months."
"Was it effective in preventing pregnancy? Yes. Did it make me miserable every day it was in there? Yes. Extreme pain in cervix every two weeks, bright red super heavy periods that would fill a cup in two hours when it&#039;s supposed to last 8-10. Weight Gain and bloating. Extreme PMDD symptoms."
"This is my second month on it. I switched from Junel to this since the pharmacy I go to doesn&#039;t carry Junel any longer. I have had no negative side affects and no pregnancy. I was nervous at first because everyone is so negative about it. But hey guess what? Everyone&#039;s body is different and will experience different side affects. So if this is a new BC for you. Give it a chance."
" I Have Struggled with adhd for 10yrs an finally my doc did something about it:) However I did have sleeping problems for first few weeks but that was expected with it being a stimulant but after a month or so my sleeping is back to normal and my mind is not spinning out of control so THANKS DOC!  "
"In my personal experience this was horrible. Been on it for 3 days and just took it off tonight because I can&#039;t handle it anymore. I am puking all night (10-12 times) and can&#039;t hold anything down. I am having body aches and can&#039;t stop shaking. And also a massive headache that advil won&#039;t get rid off. It works for alot of people, I guess just not for me."
"I just started taking this pill to stop menstrual migraines. Well all I can say I want to get off. I&#039;m a 7 day bleeder and it&#039;s been 10 days and I&#039;m still bleeding heavy. I&#039;ve had more headaches, and migraines than usual. I want to stop but I&#039;m going to give it 1 more month hoping that this will all subside. Fingers crossed."
"Great medicine, I find it works best when I take it everyday around the same time. Also, I went to the Kapidex website, registered there and got a coupon for $25 for 30.  I&#039;ll gladly pay $25 per month for the relief this medicine brings."
"Had 3mm stone for a month. Went to ER twice, the second time morphine was not effective that is when doctor prescribed this medication at that point I was unable to pass urine but felt the extreme need to go. Doctor indicated I also had mild bladder infection due to inability to pass urine. Took this medication for two weeks and an hour or so after each daily dose was able to urinate which was a joy I had taken for granted. Stone passed at the end of two weeks... never felt it but pain has been gone for weeks. Drink lots of lemon water and pray kids I know its tough but I never had any side effects with this drug and would recommend it."
"I was on a three month trial because I ha r heavy periods, the first week was great it lightened my period. But on the 8th day of taking my first pack I became extremely sick, vomiting, diarrhea... Had to stop taking it because it was making me so sick. Be careful!!"
"I have been quit for one year and 4 months after smoking for 35 years. I took Chantix for 6 months. I didn&#039;t even set a quit date. I just started taking Chantix and let my quit date happen naturally. After cutting down drastically for 3 or so weeks, I just lost all desire for cigarettes so just stopped smoking them. It was Chantix and a list I created of things to do instead of smoke that was the key for me. I had tried many other times to quit so had a good idea of what worked for me and what didn&#039;t. I think that quitting a habit is a very personal experience and what works for some may not work for others. As to side effects, I had weird dreams and nausea, but eating with the pill helped. I truly believe Chantix saved my life."
"I&#039;ve been using this brand for a month and a half now. So far I like it. I haven&#039;t had cramping or bloating, I haven&#039;t gained any weight, I may have actually lost about 5lbs. I&#039;ve noticed a very high increase in my sex drive, and I&#039;ve had a couple mood swings of being very emotional, but your body needs time to adjust to all the hormones! My breasts have had a sensation similar to when I was pregnant, so I get the feeling that they are growing, which I like! So far so good."
"I have been taking 300mg of gabapentin 4 weeks ago for moderate neuropathy.  My biggest problem was radiating intense pain from the little toe on my right foot.  Within days, my pain was totally gone.  However, I am constantly very sleepy.  Hopefully that will subside over time."
"I have been on Remicade since I was 7 years old when I developed crohns disease, I am 26 years old this year. For the past 19 years I have been receiving this medicine and it has kept me healthy. You do need to find a cycle be it 4, 6 or 8 weeks for your infusions. I do every 6 weeks and it keeps my symptoms minimal. The day of and the day after the infusion I feel like crap, tired, painful joints, but after that wears off I feel a lot better than before the infusion."
"I&#039;m 26 weeks pregnant. Had my first ever
YI about 3 months ago. Used Monistat 
3 like OBGYN said and it was awesome! No side effects at all. I got this YI about a week ago so bought another box and I used the first pre-loaded cream tube last night....was up for hours crying it burned and itched so bad!! But I wanted to power through so After awhile I put a cold rag on my vajayjay and some vagisil cream on got some sleep. No itching at all today! Put another dose tonight and instantly felt a burn but for about 2 min only and now I feel fine. That unbearable pain from last night so was worth it today to not be itching and damp all day!!!"
"nausea"
"This medication is terrrible. Right away I was experiencing nausea every day. I had blurred vision and I felt like I couldn&#039;t think very well. My brain was all foggy. I craved sweets and carbs all the time. I took it for a month and gained about 15 pounds. I also had the most extreme horrible vivid nightmares where I was afraid to close my eyes and sometimes I felt like I couldn&#039;t wake up. I woke up covered in sweat with a racing heart frightened. I also got brain zaps where it felt like my brain was being electrocuted for a second I feel like I turned into a monster on this drug. I was filled with so much rage and anger and I hated everyone and everything. I would have times that I just broke down crying uncontrollably. So i switched"
"My experience with this medication started when I was 14 yrs old. I knew nothing about this medication and I wish someone would have sat down and told me what exactly this medication does! I decided for the 3rd time to try to get off this medication, I finally decided this time it was enough, so my last shot was Oct 2016. THE BEGINNING was great I was happy go lucky outgoing had my life back after having a beast reduction. No period no cramps gained a few pounds but it was worth it at the time for freedom. NOW at 23 I&#039;ve been in the hospital and given 3 pills at once. I&#039;ve soaked threw over 10 pads a day and blood clots after blood clots depression weight gain acne severe cramps dizziness tiredness and withdrawals from this medication."
"Had experienced ED for awhile due to antidepressants and other anxiety meds, so needed a little extra boost to get my confidence back. Got a free trial of Cialis and it was great! Started out taking 5mg daily. Within about 6 hours of taking the first dose, I suddenly got turned on and wow it really kicked in! Gave me rock hard erections. I felt a bit flushed that first day or two. Then the moment arose and I had sex on it, and wow. I was like an 18 yo again. I didn&#039;t have to worry about things not working, I could just focus on enjoying, which was great! It was great because I got rock hard anytime I was turned on. I did notice I felt very flushed and also had bad lower back and leg pain the first week or so. But that went away. I loved it!"
"Started Taltz on 4/29/17 and took my final does a few weeks ago.  I had such high hopes but it did not work for me. I&#039;d taken Humira for years with amazing results until it stopped working last October. Then I tried Stelara. Skin got worse, much worse. Taltz seemed to help a little at first. Thinned out some of the plaques. Then it stopped doing even that and my skin has gotten progressively worse.

Another note on Taltz...the injections HURT.  I found them by far more painful than any others. And it didn&#039;t stop hurting after the injection. Also, I had huge injection site reactions from it, 6 inch welts. It would have been worth the pain if it had worked. It didn&#039;t."
"When you use it it may still hurt. For me, I put it on before bed and leave until morning. By the morning it is an improvement. Every time it has taken the sunburn off almost completely or fully complete."
"If you suffer from an anxiety disorder or depression, I would be very cautious with this medication. I suffer from chronic migraines and anxiety and depression, and was given DHE on multiple occasions for my acute migraines. As soon as the medication entered my body, I felt restless and anxious. Within 2 minutes, I was having a full-on panic attack; I was completely terrified even though I knew I was entirely safe. The horror consumed me &amp; I lost my perspective and was convinced that I would feel that way for the rest of my life. I felt so hopeless that I couldn&#039;t bring myself to ask the doctor for help. It did help with the acute head pain, but it left me so terrified and anxious that I was back in the ER within 2 days for another migraine"
"I was on the generic form of Prozac 20mg for anxiety/headaches for about 6 months. During the first few months I worked out at least 3 times a week &amp; didn&#039;t notice a difference in my weight loss I became frustrated with it. I also felt like I needed more help, well Once my dr increased my dose I maybe worked out once a week &amp; the weight piled on. I was always sleeping and didn&#039;t feel like doing anything. I went and saw my dr &amp; told her to take me off this bc it wasn&#039;t working and the weight gain was awful 20 pounds in 2-3 months. I started Budeprion XL 150 mg once a day. today is my third day and I already feel that im not as hungry, I have way more energy, last night I felt like I was drifting in &amp; out sleep, may need meds to help sleep"
"I&#039;m really hesitant to go off of Lo Loestrin after 5 years because, for the most part, I&#039;ve loved it. I used to get crampy periods and since I&#039;ve been on it I get no cramping whatsoever, barely-there periods (I spot just a tiny bit and then that&#039;s it), and no weight gain or moodiness. However, I&#039;ve had such issues with dryness (I can get wet but can&#039;t stay wet during sex) that I think the time has come for me to try a different pill."
"My 81 yr old father had to get two colonoscopies in 3 months.  For the first one, he used a different prep that required him to drink a gallon of liquid.  He had a really hard time with it and didn&#039;t finish it.  The main advantage of Moviprep was that it is much less liquid.  We mixed it up the night before and put it in a refrigerator set low so it would be very cold when he drank it.  We also mixed a little lemon-lime Vitamin Water, made him use a straw to drink it, and had him suck on butterscotch candies after each drink and he got through it all pretty easily.  I can&#039;t rate this a 10, since it still doesn&#039;t taste great, but it was much better than the other stuff he had to drink."
"I use it whenever I really need it and it works excellent! 10mg takes about 15 to 20 minutes to kick in but I&#039;m not complaining. Takes my nausea away completely, I love this medicine."
"Have had a great experience with vraylar. Went from oversleeping on a regular basis (on risperidone) to sleeping a healthy 8-10 hours. Feel sharper, more social, and generally in a better mood. Unfortunately have been dealing with insomnia and on and off nausea. It&#039;s been two weeks since starting. Overall the positives outweigh the negatives and I&#039;m hoping the side effects subside over time. Give it a shot."
"I got severe depression in College, had it in high school as well and took some antidepressant that started with an L (I really can&#039;t remember). I started taking Prozac my 2nd year in college after my girlfriend broke up with me. It helped tremendously overcome the loneliness. The only problem I&#039;ve ever had with it is my REM sleep. I didn&#039;t take my pill for 2 days over spring break this past week and had the worst panic attack I&#039;ve ever had in my life I thought I wanted to die, it was the worst car ride I have ever experienced. As soon as I took my Prozac everything was better. I trust this."
"Pros: not pregnant, cleared my skin up, first pill to not make me nauseous. 

Cons: severe anxiety, depression, mood swings are intense, dizziness and light headed, no appetite, sleep issues, headaches and migraines.

I think it&#039;s time to try another pill.."
"I have always have the odd few spots but being 28 and just breaking out in acne 6 months before my wedding was a bit of a shock. The doctors prescribed me Duac and within two days I noticed a difference and felt I could leave the house without foundation for the first time in months. The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced is slightly itchy and dry skin. I don&#039;t mind this as the spots were painful and for the first time I can put moisturising cream on my face."
"I took Provera pills daily to stop my periods to kill the monthly pain. I chose pills over the shot so I could have control of deciding when/if I wanted to stop.  I took the pills for 6 months.  The first month I had lots of breakthrough bleeding - basically I was slowly bleeding for a few weeks.  After that I had no period, no spotting, no cramps - that part was FANTASTIC!  However, for me the side effects were severe and unlivable.  I had insomnia (waking in the night) every night.  I had night sweats every night.  I gained a little weight.  I had extreme vaginal dryness/painful intercourse which was a first ever for me.  My sex drive was non-existent and my acne and facial hair (PCOS) got much worse."
"I like this medicine. I was using hydrochlorothiazide for almost 10 years.  My physician just recently change me to Lisinopril and it has caused swelling in both my ankles and feet."
"Amazing! I understand when people say they tried everything. I didn&#039;t have severe acne but persistent and regular plus it didn&#039;t help that I was a real squeezer and probably made whole situation worse. And I already get anxious about social situations so the skin problem added to that! 
I was able to go on a low dose, 20mg which I was scared wouldn&#039;t be enough but this stuff is strong! Can&#039;t complain about the dry skin as how else is it going to work? The whole idea is to make you less oily. Lips were very dry and gross at the start and whole layers were peeling off but that isn&#039;t so bad now. Have been through about 10 lip balms already! But that&#039;s it really. Sometimes feel a little tired but that could also not be Accutane."
"Fetzima has to be the worst drug I&#039;ve ever taken for my depression. I had been on moderate doses of Prozac for 8 years prior until the drug no longer affected me beneficially. The fetzima had positive effects at first, but I think it was a placebo effect. A month into taking the drug I still felt depression and frequently spaced out/felt a mental fog. The physical symptoms also presented themselves. I began to have frequent urgencies to urinate but could not. Always a false alarm. A few week later I developed a clear discharge which I thought was the result of an STD. My results came back negative for all STDs. I have been off the drug for about two months and all side effects are no longer present."
"Although Singulair 10mg tablets work great for me on a daily, regular basis for maintenance issues with asthma, I have found that one of its side effects has appeared. At first it was not connected until recently when information came out that Singulair could cause ear infections. This particular side effect appeared about 3-4 months after starting Singulair but no connectione was made until recently after using it for two years. So be aware of side effects and keep close tabs on usage results."
"Terrible cramps on the first day of each period, my periods were heavier than ever, I bled through 4 super plus tampons a day. I had bleeding every day of the month, not spotting, BLEEDING. Just finished my 4th month and I&#039;m done taking it. Made me super anxious"
"I started Cymbalta two months ago (60mg/day) for moderate depression and anxiety. It has been a roller coaster ride and I am now stepping off luckily. I have experienced many of the side effects after 3 weeks including blurred vision, tremors, itching, cold hands, night sweats, no appetite, no libido, horrible insomnia. 
I begun sleeping all (days) with a detached feeling and no desire to see friends or family. 
It initially helped with my depression so I was optimistic since I have never had any positive experience with any antidepressants. However, it took me into a whirlwind of nervous energy at week three, to a flat washed out two weeks ago. Two days ago I stopped cold turkey. I feel better already."
"I had little to no side effects, EXCEPT for spotting. It&#039;s terrible! I&#039;ve been on this pill for 5 months now and I still spot weekly, sometimes for a few days. It has made my periods a little lighter, but nothing to celebrate. I&#039;m really hoping to find a better pill!"
"Wasted $250. I gave it 30 days.  Side effects experienced was a slight headache only on first day and that it did not work at ALL! There should be a way to get a refund!!!! If I had the many reviews from so called &quot;non responders&quot; I would not have taken the $250 risk. Rip off!!!!"
"Been on this for a week now. So far my acne has cleared up. Breasts have noticeably gotten larger. Sex drive is definitely higher (and more enjoyable). Some food cravings but not larger appetite. Just want certain things. Had slight tension headaches and mild nausea first few days, however increasing my water intake helped dissipate these symptoms. Slight moodiness first few days similar to PMS but less intense. Some loose stools. On day 8 and feeling great. The body was just getting used to the new hormones. The boyfriend loves the noticeably larger breasts and increased sex drive."
"I started this Medication on October 6th 2015.  So far I have gained 2 pounds. The first week I took the one pill and everyday I was sleepy around 3pm at work. I am now taking 1am and 1pm, I have diarrhea but that&#039;s about it. My eating habits has always been irregular I do notice I don&#039;t snack in between meals. I just received my scale, I am still excited so I will check in to give an update."
"I am entering the final countdown of treatment, 10 pills to go.  Was put on the 12 week treatment after failing the triple medicine treatment 2 years ago.  Developed a rash so severe my Dr. took me off the medicines.  Harvoni has given me hope for a future without Hep C.  I have had no side effects other than a slight headache the first week. Now the wait begins to make sure the virus is eradicated after 12 weeks of treatment."
"I started taking 10mg every night but noticed a significant change in emotions. I have had depression in the past but it was never bad but I noticed that while on this drug I was severely depressed and crying everyday and having suicidal thoughts. I then looked up the side effects of this and found that those were some of them. This caused me to stop taking the medicine even though it definitely decreased the amount of migraines and headaches I&#039;ve been getting."
"Been using epiduo for nearly 4 years and would highly recommend! I used to have mild/moderate acne on my forehead and started using epiduo when I was 13. Took a month or so to properly kick in but I am 17 now and apart from the odd spot I haven&#039;t had any acne since. Would definitely recommend!"
"Update from my comments in July 11.  I have since been bumped up to 10 mcg and it seems to be handling the pain very well.  I am starting to experience the patch seems to lose strength at about day 5 (that is why the Doc) bumped me up to 10 mcg.  Might have to pay another visit to see about 20 mcg.  Have most of the same symptoms as everyone else...extreme itching at sites, etc.  BUT, I am still very pleased with the results of the patch as opposed to taking multiple pills."
"Since I started this birth control I have felt off. It&#039;s the only my insurance covers now. It&#039;s fine it&#039;s job by preventing pregnancy, but the side effects aren&#039;t worth it. I&#039;m a pretty emotional person to begin with, but since starting this, I have never wanted to cry more in my life and over the dumbest things. My anxiety has worsened, I get my period 2 times a month on this. But so far the worse has been the depression and anxiety. I am stopping it immediately."
"I&#039;ve tried concerta, zoloft, ritalin and wellbutrin for ADHD.  Wellbutrin was the only medication that gave me a calm, level headed feeling that helped me control hyperactivity, impulsivity, and attention span.  I&#039;m a 40 year old ADD&#039;r and I&#039;m grateful it works without the jitters of ritalin."
"I took Effexor XR 150mg for a good 10 years for depression.  Then, I switched to Zoloft due to what is considered a side-effect of Effexor:  elevated liver enzymes.  On Zoloft, I felt more anxious than I did on Effexor, but not overly so.  It was tolerable.   I continued to have same liver enzymes while on Zoloft.   It turns out the enzyme issue is not related to the medication alone, if at all.  I had a stressful life changing event and felt very anxious.  I know I felt much less anxious on Effexor so I asked to be switched back and I was.  The doctor made a general statement that he wants me on what works best for me.  However, I&#039;m pretty sure he didn&#039;t buy my anxiety theory. "
"I was diagnosed at the age of 14 with Tourette&#039;s Syndrome, and I am now 15. Before Orap I had a severe tic to my right side that would happen usually when I was stressed, or something was out of place, but sometimes at random. Though this medicine has helped me tremendously, I can say I am much better off without it. The side effects were just too much. I became void of any energy, and would stay in bed for more than 12 hours a day. I also started to experience syncope. I decided to stop taking Orap for a couple of weeks to see if the side effects would cease. I felt mildly better, but I developed a tic similar to what you would see in a person with Tardive Dyskinesia. I&#039;m going back to my doctor soon to discuss what has been going on."
"One of the nastiest things I&#039;ve ever tasted!  Very &quot;caustic&quot; and a little salty.  I drank both &quot;steps&quot; in a single swig, then immediately brushed my teeth because of the awful after-taste.   The prep worked well, causing relentless diarrhea.   I could not even count the bowel movements I had, lasting for about 4 hours after each dose.  I&#039;m sure I was VERY cleaned out.   Worst part of the whole experience was the severe anal burning."
"No problems with this medicine. No side effects - reduced pressure to low normal level."
"Very effective in sorting out my stomach infection, but bad headaches and it left my tongue with the most intolerable taste as if my saliva itself was toxic."
"At 96 I use it when my wife will let me, if you know what I mean! I my age I will only buy 10 pills at a time. Don&#039;t want to leave any behind when I go! Works better before a meal or early in the morning. Have had headaches and loss of vision but I&#039;m on my last lap any how."
"It worked great. I don&#039;t get all the negative reviews. It must be from young women. I&#039;m alot older and had a child. I inserted it all the way up there. It felt good. No itching or burning. I don&#039;t understand all the negative reviews."
"I have never had any side effects to the Mirapex but I have all of a sudden started having a gambling problem at the age of 47.  It is listed as a side effect and I wonder if it is the medicine contributing.  Requip has the same side effect listed.  I have to take it for my restless legs syndrome or I cannot sleep."
"I was on Microgestin for 5 months. Although it solved my original problem of severe cramping (what I thought was ovarian cysts), Microgestin had many side effects for me. I experienced nausea right before periods, depression, anxiety, and extreme mood swings. I was sleeping a lot during the day which caused me to not sleep at night. I am switching to Trinessa and hope it fixes these problems."
"Tried to make a longer post but had to cut it short. I have been on birth control since around age 21, originally for acne.  I&#039;ve been on Ortho tri cyclen, Yaz, Ortho tri cyclen lo.  My doctor advised me to go back on BC for at least 3 months after returning from zika zone. I was sent Tri Lo Sprintec from my mail order pharm. NEVER AGAIN!  In no particular order, I have extreme irritability, extremely sore boobs, INSOMNIA, experienced my first panic attack, ZERO SEX DRIVE, vaginal dryness, and the worst acne i have had since age 13.  This med is NOT the same as ortho tri cyclin lo, so make sure you insist to your doctor that you do not want it. in all my years of taking BC with little side effects, this has been the worst 3 months ever."
"Have been taking Inderal LA for years for Essential Tremor.  Originally started on immedate release tablets (40mg, Twice Daily) and switched to long acting (120mg, Once Daily).  Stops tremor of hands, voice, neck.  Without taking medication, tremor can be felt through abdomen and into legs."
"I have been taking this for almost 3 months, after previously being on Complera with some possible kidney related side effects.  So far, not too much problem other than diarrhea about an hour after taking this--every day like clock work.  There were some sleep-related issues (not able to) in the first couple weeks of switching to Genvoya, but hose have gone away.  Hoping that kidney function tests will return to normal when checked in about a month.  My insurance did not cover this at all, and I had to use the Gilead co-pay program, which was relatively easy to sign up for and get started."
"I had ZERO libido, weakness, lack of enthusiasm, kind of &quot;just existing joylessly&quot;. Tested very low to below normal Testosterone for a guy in his early 40&#039;s. After a few weeks on this, most of my symptoms are gone. Sadly, the libido has only improved a little bit. But my mood is improved &amp; it seems like my brain works better. The most surprising effect has been a rapid increase in muscle mass and improved muscle tone. Just 30 minutes of push-ups and work with free weights a couple days a week has had amazing results. Exercise has never paid off like this.  (Maybe I&#039;ve been on the low end of testosterone all my life). My only worry now is what will happen if my body compensates for the Axiron and reduces its natural T production."
"I first used this med while going through chemotherapy for cancer. It was the third or fourth medication that my oncologist prescribed after unsatisfactory results with the previous. Zofran capsules worked to control my chemotherapy-induced nausea. Most recently I had it given via IV in the ER for viral nausea. I was sent home with a prescription for Zofran ODT which seems to work even better."
"Geodon has saved my life. Completely crushes my mania. It&#039;s practically cured my irritability, paranoia, suicidal ideations and memory loss. Only side effect is slight lactation."
"I&#039;ve taken Pradaxa for two weeks and have seen a great reduction in the soreness in my joints and muscles vs Coumadin.  I have also seen a steady improvement in my stamina levels.  I also believe small nicks and cuts heal a little faster and bleeding is not quite as pronounced as with Coumadin when you do accidentally nick yourself.  I haven&#039;t experienced any digestive problems as listed as a side effect.  It may be too soon the pass judgment on this drug because of the short time I&#039;ve taken it.  

The only negative I&#039;ve found so far is the expense of Pradaxa. It is SIGNIFICANTLY more expensive than Coumadin and I hope the manufacturer of this drug will work to reduce the cost so more people can benefit from it."
"I started it a month and half ago and I am experiencing really bad headaches and stomach aches, but this I believe is quite normal when you start out on birth control. But one thing is my acne. (Or red spots) I had really good clear skin with an occasional breakout maybe a couple times a month, but nothing bad at all. And now that I&#039;m taking lutera, I&#039;ve formed these really itchy red spots all over my cheeks and forehead. It feels and looks like cystic acne and I hate it. I&#039;m considering switching."
"Controls a major percentage of the burning and stinging."
"I was taking Lialda for active inflammatory bowel disease, with very good results but the insurance changed and dropped it.  I have been Colazol and others.  By and large have not had any luck with generic versions.  Do ok with Apriso but have discomfort in my lower intestines and very paste like movements.  Also flare up more often I think.  Might ask to try something else."
"I&#039;m 24, in gradschool and I&#039;ve been taking the 70mg for about four months.  At first I lost ten pounds but now have maintained my appetite.  When I don&#039;t take it I do feel an uncontrollable desire to eat a lot.  I have difficulty sleeping at night and sometimes won&#039;t fall asleep until 3 or 4 am, and I take the medicine as soon as I wake up. I think it works best a few hours after taking it. Feel no anxiety and accomplish a lot- but then wears off by the afternoon.  Also I was prescribed an anti-depressant before but I feel this somewhat takes care of that. I still prefer taking Vyvanse now but I do think I&#039;ll stop for a while after graduating because I&#039;m not sure about the long term effects."
"I attempted suicide 23 yrs ago and I tried several medications for the first 3 or 4 yrs.  They did little to help my depression and then a psychiatrist prescribed Effexor first @ 75mg daily and then at 150mg daily.  I have used it for about 20 yrs and there have been no side effects like the others. It has truly been a life saver."
"I have severe COPD I cannot walk around. I was coughing up lungers daily but for last 2 years with this, I have had maybe 2 or 3 times. Life saver."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for 4 months now, and I LOVE it! I&#039;ve tried other BCs in the past, but I have experienced no side effects on this one. I started this pull due to hormonal imbalance (abnormal periods and acne), and it has cleared up all of my problems. After being on Ortho Tri Cyclen, I was worried to try something else, because it made my blood pressure sky rocket. My doctor recommended a lower dose to see if it would not trigger high blood pressure. I have had no issues. Even if TriNessa is not for you, please try other pills and talk to your doctor. There is something out there for almost everyone!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 months. I had switched because I had been on the same pill for 6 years prior. I&#039;ve always had terrible cramps, but thought that was normal and I had to deal with it. Once on this pill, not only did my cramps get even worse, my breast were so tender I could barely put a bra on. However, everybody is very different and can experience different side effects. Although I&#039;ll be switching pills again, it is worth the trial to see if it may work for you."
"I am now on my 3rd month of Adipex. I started June at 190 and currently at 166.4lb I still get the dry mouth and had two episodes of getting blurred vision, clammy feeling and passing out and than throw up. Well today I figured out the common factor of each time that happened. I had one alcoholic beverage each of those days. So lesson learned even 1 little drink with this medication can cause major side effects. Other than that I have been totally fine. So I chalked it up to human error!!! Hoping to keep the weight off when my 3 months are up. Well check back on my last day for final results of 3 months."
"I started this medicine not too long ago and love it. I have been on many other medicines over the years without good results. The one thing I would like to say to others who have written comments here is, do not say you would not recommend this to someone because it doesn&#039;t work for you. That is the reason there are different medications, and just because it doesn&#039;t work for you, it is ridiculous for you to say you wouldn&#039;t recommend others take it."
"Just got back in the pill as of 6/11/15 really suppressed my appetite and boosted my energy. But I just wanted to give y&#039;all a heads up. I paid $12 for my prescription by using a coupon"
"I have struggled with acne for so long I started getting it in the 6th grade I got cystic acne in 8th grade and it was horrible because I went to a kindergarten through 8th grade school every day a little kid would say something about it like &quot;Oh my God what happened to your face&quot; &quot;Ew what&#039;s on your face&quot; I was so embarrassed  and I had tried almost every acne medication out there. I never wanted to try Accutane because I was scared of all the side effects but it was worth it. I&#039;m a sophomore in high school now and my skin is completely clear and the only side effect I noticed were that my lips got badly dried out but it wasn&#039;t a huge problem."
"I took Pristiq for 6 years for depression, PTSD and anxiety but wasn&#039;t getting results anymore. My Dr. Switched me to Fetzima but I had an allergic reaction.  Ultimately I ended up on Brintellix. I started on 5mg and am currently on 10mg. Although the medicine works, the GI side effects are almost intolerable. I tried bumping up to 20mg and would vomit within an hr. The current 10mg. dose causes nausea, increased acid reflux, constipation, gas and bloating. Considering switching."
"I was prescribed 500mg 2 tablets daily for 3 days. The first day it gave me the worst headache ever and I actually walked out on my GED test because I got so dizzy and sick that I had to vomit and I went home and vomited about 3 more times. That was later in the evening. The second day I had a slight headache and later towards the evening (about the same time) I started getting sick to my stomach again. I have yet to go the last day, but I guess I can handle just 1 more day as long as it gets rid of the problem it was prescribed for. This pill works but the side effects are horrible for me. "
"My skin peeled severely for about 3 weeks and I went through a lot of itching and burning. The acne cream is meant for small pimples not if you have many breakouts all over your face. The process takes a long time 3  months and your face hurts almost every day. But once those 3 months pass your face looks great."
"I was prescribed this medication after struggling to stay sober. It&#039;s very hard to put my finger on exactly how it works, or how it makes me &quot;feel&quot; but the best I can do is to say that I feel as normal as ever, minus the cravings for alcohol! I no longer feel compelled to reach for alcohol, It just doesn&#039;t enter my mind anywhere as much. I am taking this as part of a comprehensive program (AA, individual therapy, medication management from a psychiatrist who understands addiction, etc.).

It took a good 5 weeks for it to kick in for me but when it did I definitely noticed it. Home run! It&#039;s not a magic bullet but it&#039;s a BIG help for me!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for almost three months at this point for my depression and anxiety. I started at 75 mg, raised to 150 mg, and then lowered back to 75 mg. While it doesn&#039;t at all touch my anxiety, I definitely feel a lot better depression-wise. My psychiatrist raised it to 150 mg in the hopes it would help my anxiety, but it didn&#039;t so we lowered it and simply added 50 mg of Seroquel XR to help the anxiety. I honestly can&#039;t say I really have any side effects. Perhaps I have minor night sweats at times but if there are any side effects I don&#039;t really notice them, and I feel satisfied using this for my depression."
"This is an excellent pill. I started on this pill about 8 months ago to prevent getting pregnant. Before this I was on Yasmin, which was absolutely horrible as it made me extremely nauseous, tired, and gave me worse cramps with my period than I had before with a normal period. When I switched to Loestrin 24 Fe, I have had no side effects whatsoever. My periods are very light and short. The only reason I won&#039;t give it a 10 rating is because it sometimes makes me miss my period, which is kind of stressful. But it is effective and it has worked for me. I also did not gain any weight, instead I lost some. I went down from 103 pounds to 100."
"After several stressful life events I developed an anxiety disorder which quickly evolved into depression. Originally I started on Citalopram which wasn&#039;t great, only reduced anxiety by 10% at most, pumped Citalopram up to 30mg/ day, no great improvement. Saw a psychiatrist (who worked with me to start the medication merry-go-round) and started Escitalopram (Lexapro). Lexapro had much the same effect as the Celexa but the mood improved a little. 
We raised Lexapro from 20-30mg/ day and the anxiety MELTED away, the effect was very pronounced, not totally stress free but no panic attacks and no ever constant anxiety. Tiredness was an issue so we&#039;ve added 5mg/day Edronax (NRI) which has been excellent. Find what works for you - be strong."
"I was just prescribed clonazepam for moderate anxiety, and it&#039;s working well for me compared to other anti-anxiety medications I&#039;ve tried. Lorazepam was great for sudden panic attacks but it made me sleepy and clumsy, and didn&#039;t last long enough and had too many side effects for general day-to-day nervousness. Same with Xanax, and even Xanax XR. Clonazepam is great because I can take it in the morning, and have a very steady, reliable feeling of calmness for hours. Sometimes I&#039;ll take a second dose in the afternoon but not always. The only downside to this medicine is that it doesn&#039;t work as fast as Xanax or lorazepam, but for persistent feelings of worry and anxiety throughout the day, this medicine does wonders."
"Take 50mg at bedtime and rest well for a couple of hours then I
I awake and have a bad time trying to get back to sleep. I sleep about an hour and go through the same thing again. I finally get back to sleep a couple hours later and get a couple more hours of sleep before awakening for 
the day."
"I have been on this pill for over 20yrs. It&#039;s great. Never had any side effects or issues. Works perfectly. I take it continuously... No periods yupeee!!!"
"I have been on this almost 4 years, but I do not remember any side effects when I switched over from a pill. I have had acne since I was 12 but now I get maybe one pimple when I&#039;m on my off week. I have not experienced weight gain that I attribute to the patch. My main complaint is my libido does not exist anymore and sometimes I get moody, but I feel like that is normal for women. I personally have had a great experience with it and am thankful that it has been free for me! The application area is itchy sometimes but it&#039;s not a huge inconvenience."
"My doctor prescribed 37.5 mg to me.  I took one at 3:00p.m. and by 7:00p.m. I was feeling dizzy and nauseous.  I actually was able to fall asleep but woke up several times during the night with horrible nausea, shaking, anxiety, weird dreams, and the a lot of gas!  Thank goodness I had Zofran for nausea or I would have thrown up. I also had to take an Ativan for the anxiety and Imodium for diarrhea.  It&#039;s now 5:00p.m. the next day and I&#039;m just now feeling better. I know others who use Effexor and love it so it does work for some....just not for me.  I called the doc and she quickly switched me to something else."
"I had the Omplanon for just over a year before I had to get it taken out. I nursed my baby for a year and at 10 months I started to spot...nothing too bad, but then it just got worse. I started what I thought was my period that lasted for 2 weeks, spotted again, and then the cycle started again. It got really annoying when I could never predict when or how bad the bleeding would be. This went on for over 3 months, the day I got it removed, the bleeding stopped immediately. The removal was bad too, my doctor had a hard time getting it out because it had &quot;scarred in&quot;. I&#039;m on the pill now and MUCH happier!"
"Awesome. I would recommend you try it, has helped 100%."
"I had unprotected sex twice within a couple of days from each other. I nearly maxed out the recommended 3 day window before I took My Way. Within a couple of weeks I received what would have been my period however it wasnt a full out period. I had a heavy flow for 2 days and it was nearly gone after that. I thought it had worked but lately I&#039;ve been nervously awaiting my next period to come. Still questioning the pills effectiveness I decided to go ahead and take a pregnancy test. Turns out I won&#039;t be a mother after all! My experience with Plan B and My Way were totally different. Between the two I had a more nerve wrecking experience this time around. Next time, save yourself the headache and wrap it up. Remember, it is not birth control."
"I have moderate-to-severe Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS). I take 1 or 1.5 mg of REQUIP nightly. It is 100% effective in eliminating all symptoms of RLS. I have no side-effects. It has been a miracle drug for me. I also want to say Mirapex (pramipexole) was also 100% effective for me, with no side-effects."
"Worked both times I took it, no side effects, period came right on time. DO NOT STRESS!"
"I have suffered from daily migraines for over 20 years. Have tried many medicines through the years and this has really decreased the number I have. Went from daily to once every couple of weeks or so. I take 4 mg at bedtime every night and immitrex when I feel one coming on."
"Prior to starting med school, I was having numerous panic attacks. Over time they intensified, getting worse by the day.  I seriously thought that the social life was just done for me. I used to try and stay close to hospitals in case something bad happened to me. I worried excessively about my health (in which I&#039;m completely healthy). I constantly went to emergency rooms to see doctors for having panic aftacks (heart beating fast, shaking, feeling of &quot;lost in the world&quot; and scared). I tried so many anti depressants and anti anxiety meds. They either made me too sleepy, headaches, or didn&#039;t work at all. ATIVAN has been EXCELLENT! No Side effects ! Works perfect! Psych docs hate the drug! But it works!"
"As far as birth control effectiveness goes, it does great. Never had any issues with that. However, the mood swings/anxiety/depression were TERRIBLE. And they&#039;ve only gotten worse since I&#039;ve gotten off of it. It&#039;s enough that it&#039;s severely effecting my outlook on life and my relationships with those around me. I&#039;ve recently become active and notice it&#039;s easier for me to get hurt than it was before. (I assume that&#039;s because of the bone density loss..) I was on this for 9 mo/3 shot cycles and I never adjusted. It may work for you, but it did not for me. I&#039;m going to try an IUD next and hope for better results. Fingers crossed."
"I am 25 years old, 110lbs asian girl, and I had condom broke on Nov, 1st, which was on the 15th of my cycle. I had plan B the next morning 9:00am, but I was so worried because I might have already released the egg. I took the pill, no side effect at all. And I got my period on Nov, 10th. That was an unusual period, no pain and feeling at all. Then I got my second period today, Dec, 12th. I had pain and all the other reactions as my normal period. So I come here to review it: It worked for me! And I was really working hard and tried to forget about this thing to make myself calm down. So everything was fine. I want to say to all the girls visiting this web: don&#039;t panic. If plan B is the only action you can take, trust it."
"I will say that Suboxone did help me get off pain killers. I was addicted to oxy&#039;s for 3 years, taking over 25 a day. And the day I started Suboxone it helped from the start. I didn&#039;t have any withdrawals or nothing. "
"I have been on this medication for 4 months. My mood has been horrible, and I am dizzy all the time. I like having a birth control I don&#039;t have to worry about, but I think I am going to leave my husband or do something rash if I don&#039;t get off this thing. My back also aches constantly since having this put in."
"Had unprotected sex stupidly one night with my boyfriend. Less than 9 hrs later I went to the local pharmacy to obtain the Plan B morning after pill. Took it accordingly, with no side effects and patiently waited for my period. My period never did come, and I ended up pregnant. At 12 weeks I ended up having a miscarriage, but I certainly learned my lesson. Use protection always ladies, sometimes these things don&#039;t work!"
"I only took one/half a pill had a terrible reaction, severe nerve pain in both forearms, weakness all over went to ER in hospital for 3 days.  Now have loss of sensation in my skin on my left side and sciatic nerve pain plus burning all the way down my leg and foot on my left side.  I have had MRI&#039;s, pain blocks, CT Scans been to Orthopedic, Neuro Surgeons, Neurologist, etc. with no relief I am in pain everyday of my life thanks to this medicine. I could walk 3 miles 1 year ago and now I cannot walk one block with out extreme pain!"
"I was initially given 75mg twice a day for a seizure related toa brain tumor. The tumor was removed. I started radiation and chemo 1 month later on the same dose for another month. I went to a neurologist because I was told he would prescribe any Meds for anti seizure. Well he doubled the dose for 2 weeks then tripled it. Now I&#039;m totally useless. They won&#039;t tell me why they tripled the dose only that I COULD have another seizure and that doctor was responsible. I&#039;m not understanding why, if I had absolutely no symptoms why he would do this"
"Condom broke and we didn&#039;t notice until after he finished. it was one of my most fertile days so I was scared because I read a bunch of things about this pill not working during ovulation but I got my period right on time and I had no side effects so if you&#039;re worried you shouldn&#039;t be. everything will be fine. this pill really does work"
"Basically, all the preps taste bad unless you get the Miralax and mix with Gatorade.  BUT this is very low volume.  I have to use 3 different meds to prep with over 4 days as I have a VERY slow colon.  This stuff tastes way better than the mag citrate I have to take tomorrow and for 2 days after that.  Mag Citrate (IMO) is way more salty.  Took first dose tonite and was going in 30 minutes.  Have been going intermittently for about an hour and 10 minutes.  Stopped long enough to go and get a banana popsicle and orange Gatorade.  Think about it....this is nothing to deal with in comparison to the cancer treatment you might have to have.....the benefits definitely outweigh the negatives!"
"I have had trouble with cramping in my stomach and having the urge to use the restroom 5 times a day sometimes diarrhea and sometimes nothing . It was getting to the point where when I would lay down at night, my stomach would start cramping. I eventually had gotten under the grips of anxiety I figured I was WAY too young to have all these complications (I am 19 yrs. old.) so I went to the doctor and told him about my anxiety, stomach cramps, etc. He prescribed me Zoloft and Ativan. They didn&#039;t help at all and I finally hit rock bottom. I went back to the doctor and he prescribed me Bentyl. This drug is a miracle. I finally feel like I can live and breathe again! I don&#039;t have the worries like I had before. THANK YOU BENTYL!!!!!"
"I take it at night in order to sleep because of a bad insomnia side effect from a MAOI. But now, if I miss just one night of the med, I wake up with paralyzing anxiety - chest tightness and heart palpitations. This drug does its job most of the time but it creates physical and psychological dependency and an AM hangover. I am looking to wean off of this soon once my new psychiatrist introduces other med changes. I see other users below saying they cut them in half - my psychiatrist said that is dangerous because of the XR properties. That is why the XR pills are not scored. I repeat - regular use of this med creates dependency."
"I have been on Epiduo for about 3 weeks and it seems like every time I apply the gel I turn red and breakout more. Then it&#039;s accompanied by dry flaky skin. I think I&#039;m going to stop the use of the Epiduo gel."
"This medication did not clear up my acne until about the 3rd month using it.  But into the 4th month of use, I developed a really bad sore on my tongue.  One of the rare side effects of this medicine is mouth sores and I was the unfortunate one to experience it. "
"I have spondylosis of the whole spine and lumbar degeneration. I&#039;ve been on Lyrica for a few months 75mg 3 times a day. It helps my range of motion at my knees, helps to walk up stairs, and also no pain when push for bowl movement."
"This seems to help my pain, but I find the odor a deterrent to using it regularly. I am allergic to most fragrances, and this is no exception. Why do they add fragrance when it is a common issue for people with allergies?"
"I took this pill for a long time without facing any psychological issues. I had no weight loss or gain. no acne. This pill is great in the fact that it does not have a warning for blood clots/DVT/PE since there is no estrogen. However, the downsides to it, for me, were that it did not suppress my ovaries enough and I had 2 periods a month. Also, It caused my ovaries to have a lot of painful ruptured cysts that led me to hospital stays they were so bad. My GYN made me switch birth control to one with low estrogen in order to better suppress the ovaries."
"For 5 years I had severe constant pain from arthritis around my right collar bone pressing nerves. Along that journey, I had a nerve ablation done on my C3-C4-C5 vertebrae that helped a pinched nerve there.   Finally found a pain specialist who put me on Gabapentin   Nortriptyline (usually for depression). Gabapentin alone did nothing.  He convinced me the 25mg Nortriptyline is a tiny dose but works great with the Gabapentin.  He was right.  Immediate relieve.  After surprise surgery for a perforated sm intestine, had to hold off all Rx&#039;s while in the hospital. Then started lightening bolts of Siatica nerve pain down right leg. EGAD.  Back home, restarted Gaba and Nortrip - Siatica all better.  Wow!"
"I am 41, and take a daily antidepressant. My doctor attributed my ED to the medication. I had a hard time getting erections and maintaining them when I could get them. After taking Cialis a couple of times, I am in heaven. I can get erections ever time and I can pretty much last as ling as I want. It has been a miracle drug for me and my girlfriend. I take 10-15mg a couple of hours before needing it and it works great."
"Obsessive Compulsive Disorder - always in Limbo.
Have only been on Cipralex (5mg) a few days and I already feel better. I have been an OCD sufferer for years, tried nearly all medications and only Prozac worked but the side effects made me stop. Without medicines I was getting worse and now I hope to start getting my life back. On such a low dose I have no side effects.
Hoping all you guys with OCD get better."
"It was wonderful.   I was able to enjoy my summer, run, walk with little to no pain at all.   It lasted longer than the other shots I received.   It lasted 7 months."
"Amazing effective medicaction. Works like magic. Makes me relax and happier and enhanced my sexual drive. Very safe and I LOVE IT. Overall, this medication changed my life and enhanced everything and helped me function in a very short time that I stopped taking it."
"I&#039;m a 57 year old former sun worshipper. I&#039;m 2 1/2 weeks into 4 weeks of treating squamous cell and basal cell carcinoma on my legs, and actinic keratosis on my face, applying fluorouracil twice per day. I&#039;m covering the spots on my legs with micropore tape. After the fluoroucil has been on my face for 45 minutes, I cover my face with Aquaphor to ease the crusting and dryness.  I&#039;m anxious to see the end result. 

Regarding the cost...USE THOSE FREE PRESCRIPTION DISCOUNT MEDICINE CARDS!  And the cost can be different with each card. "
"I was psyching myself out reading the &#039;pain&#039; stories on here. I wanted to write a positive review so others wouldn&#039;t be scared. Make sure to go to a good, experienced gynecologist. My monthly periods were more painful than insertion. It was not bad AT ALL. The worst part was the clamp to hold your cervix open. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Not bad. I did not faint, cry, scream... nothing. Anti-climactic. I am loving my Skyla. I will post again after 3 months. I had light spotting after insertion for a day or so. That&#039;s it. Good luck!"
"Like every birth control, my body had to get adjusted to it. At first, I would have irregular periods: some months no period, and some months two periods. After awhile, I barely have periods now. I still have some moodiness on my &quot;off pills,&quot; but I always have moodiness, around my period whether I am on or off birth control. With birth control, it just helps to schedule it, so I go on my &quot;off pills&quot; on a friday, so the worst emotional part can occur over the weekend and this helps me not to be emotional while I&#039;m at work or school. By the time Monday comes, I have levelled off a lot. I haven&#039;t experienced acne breakouts from it, which is a bonus. Since it has iron in it, I have had my iron levels checked while on it, and they are always good."
"I love it!  Sleep great on it... wake up feeling like I&#039;ve had a good night sleep."
"First month went well. Second month I started bleeding spotting really the second week of active pills. I have now been bleeding for the last month and I&#039;m tired. I&#039;ve had all the symptoms of a period bloated, headache, tired, back pain,restless at night. I didn&#039;t have any of these problems when I was not on birth control. I really hate how this pill has made me feel as well as the all month bleeding."
"I had Liletta inserted a few days ago and the pain of the insertion was like no pain I&#039;ve ever felt before, even if it did only last about five minutes. The cramps I&#039;m having now are so INTENSE and nothing seems to alleviate them - not Advil or a heating pad. I didn&#039;t bleed at all, just a bit of liquidy discharge. Despite all of the pain and intense cramping, I&#039;m hopeful that it&#039;ll be better than the pill."
"Was on Oxycontin 160mg every 12 hours for 4 years and had tried Opana at same dose last year WITHOUT BEING TOLD TAKE ON EMPTY STOMACH, so when my new doctor changed me at first I was scared and skeptical, however 25 days on 40mg Opana every 12 hours ON EMPTY TUMMY and I am AMAZED. I believe if we increase daytime dose a tad I will feel better than I have in 18 years, so anyone who didn&#039;t have a good experience with it needs to think if they ate with it. My doctor said if there is ANY food in your stomach the food absorbs part of it and it doesn&#039;t get in your system as well and it WILL NOT WORK FOR THE 12 HOURS IT SHOULD. I saw people making both statements so I hope this will help others."
"I had my first grand mal seizure on a boat and and then a second in the middle of class. The neurologist prescribed me 500 mgs twice a day and then eventually bumped to 750 mgs. I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve had any side effects from this medication and I haven&#039;t had a seizure since I&#039;ve been on it (10 months). I feel extremely terrible for everyone on this review board with these tragic stories. Yet for me I suppose my brain just accepted the chemical."
"Age 48 and have struggled with depression for years. I have no other MH disorder and had no luck with antidepressants. Prozac increased suicidal ideation and with Zoloft I felt occasional &quot;zapping&quot; in my brain (I have no other way to describe it, but it&#039;s happened to others). Finally decided to try Wellbutrin 150 mg QD. I&#039;m mad at myself for not trying it sooner! Now, depressive episodes are very infrequent and last less than 30 minutes. The low is very manageable, however at times when I should be sad, it&#039;s like I can&#039;t be. I also have tons of energy, when in the past I&#039;d struggle to get out of bed. Unfortunately I haven&#039;t had any weight loss. The down side is that I am experiencing some insomnia, but I&#039;d rather that than the alternative."
"I usually don&#039;t give reviews but for Adipex is necessary that I share with you. I started on 3/4/14 at 215 pounds, today 4/7/14 I&#039;m @ 198lbs. In only 33 days I&#039;ve lost 17 lbs. I&#039;m eating healthy and small portions, cause I don&#039;t get hungry.. I don&#039;t crave nor look for fast food restaurants. I&#039;ve added more fruits and veggies into my menu. I&#039;m staying away from sugar and bread. I&#039;m thirsty all the time, water, water is my best friend. If you are reading this I was just like you 30 days ago reading and trying to find out if this would work, and my answer is &quot;YES&quot; it does. Just take it day by day and eat right and exercise. Will give my next update at the end of April."
"got my first cold sore in 2010. started first with a tingle, then itchy, then inflammation as the blister tried to make it to the surface.  There was a raised, circular shape where I knew the cold sore was coming. Rushed to Walmart to get abreva (back then it was still in the tube and $16) and applied it about every 2-3 hrs that day. The blister itself never actually was able to form into an unsightly sore (no scab), though I still saw the circular, raised area which took about 3-4 days to fully disappear.  Over the course of a year, I had about 3 more cold sores in the same spot, always applied abreva at the first tingle and it never surfaced.  This week got a cold sore for the first time in 7 years, put on abreva and again, never surfaced"
"I took plan b a day after sex took place. And I am pregnant two weeks later."
"I started my first pack October 1st, two mn ago. Since then I&#039;ve been on my period on &amp; off the last six of the eight weeks. Spoting on the days I were suppose to get my period but living with full blown endo all eight weeks. This by far is the worse birth control I&#039;ve ever taken. Side effect out this world. First it was the cramping, then the headaches, then chronic fatigue even after food. What made it strange is the horrible mood swings making a monster. (Literaly) My emotions were gone, all I felt was anger &amp; numbness. I had no idea it was the birth control until my OB informed me yesterday that generic brands are made in other countries, made with god-knows-what. So today was put on a name brand birth control. We shall see!"
"I started taking 5mg once a day for high blood pressure (150-95) but it had almost no effect. Since 10 days the doctor increased the dose to 10mg but still it seems it is not working as my BP has only decreased to around 145-90. However, no side effects experienced."
"I&#039;ve been taking Skelaxin for my back &amp; neck aches, hip pain, &amp; head pain for years. It works well for my pain. Though it&#039;s expensive, so I usually break my tablets in halves in order to save."
"I started having frequent panic attacks and anxiety spikes and my doctor suggested Lexapro. I had really bad nausea and lack of appetite the first week and had to force myself to eat to ease the hunger pains. After that subsided, I had a lot of muscle tension and soreness. It felt like my whole body was vibrating as if being electrically shocked. I was fidgeting all day, sitting in unusual postures, mistyping far more than usual, and knocking things over on my desk. After four weeks the panic attacks had stopped and my anxiety had improved slightly, but the muscular side-effects had me even more worried. I called my doctor and he switched me back to Sertraline. Tapering off Lexapro made the vibration and tension go away almost immediately."
"I just finished my first pack and I love it so far. Normally I can tell the exact moment when I get my period because it is so painful. It&#039;s gotten so bad that I&#039;ve been close to vomiting from the pain before. I have experienced no spotting, no reduced sex drive, or weight gain so far and the pain is gone. I love it!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Suboxone for about 5 yrs, buying them from a friend. She tends to oversell her extras, and at least a few times per year, I end up in withdrawal when I run out. I finally went to a doctor to get my own script, but since my insurance doesn&#039;t cover Suboxone, he put me on Zubsolv. So far, I feel fine. My only issue is the pill form. I was taking 4mgs of Sub a day, half of a 8mg film. Now I&#039;m taking half of a 5.7mg Zubsolv tablet, which means cutting the tab in half. I&#039;ve accidentally crushed half, and had to scoop it up &amp; get it under my tongue, which worries me, because I&#039;m afraid I&#039;m losing some of it this way. The taste is actually better, like a breath mint. I miss the strips, but I&#039;m keeping an open mind!"
"Unless you REALLY need this drug, I do not recommend it. That being said, if you are 80-100+lbs overweight, it is worth a try. It has cut my appetite/cravings for any food, not just junk. Female, 30, 5&#039;9&quot;, starting wt 260(ish). Started Contrave approx 6 weeks ago; have had nearly every side effect: nausea, constipation, headache, dizziness, trouble sleeping, dry mouth, bad taste in mouth, and tremors. I also got two of the less common ones: tinnitus (ringing in the ears) and menstrual irregularities. Most of the side effects DO go away. I still get migraines a couple times a week/a few times a wk before this. The constipation, trouble sleeping, and tinnitus remain. I am down 16lbs in 6 wks tho. Would 2-3lbs be more if I was less constipated"
"I have been on birth control since I was 12 and am now 20. I suffer from Menorrhagia as well as various other medical conditions pertaining to my reproductive system. I have literally tried 10 birth controls; Yaz, Yasmin, Ortho Tri-Cyclen, Ortho Novum, Depo Provera, etc. I have always had my period for 3  months (that being a short period for me), and this is THE ONLY birth control that has regulated me. I am so happy with this birth control and highly recommend it. There are always side effects from any type of birth control, but this one has only given me tender breasts. I can&#039;t complain too much, as the others did not work sufficiently in regulating my flow, reducing my period length, controlling my moodiness -- but this birth control did."
"My experience on this drug started well but has dropped off and I&#039;m looking for an alternative. 

The first couple of months I went from 20 mg in morning and another 20 in afternoon. I&#039;m now at 70 and 40. 

My therapist rx&#039;d Kapvay with it to help with irritability and quick reactions to situations. While it helped the combo was making my teeth feel like razor blades and I was getting abrasions on my tongue. I dropped the Kapvay and it has helped with the teeth but I&#039;m now dealing with several cavities to get filled. 

Also having trouble issues with insomnia as I always feel like I need to be getting something done. Over the past couple of months I&#039;ve probably had 5 instances in which I&#039;ve gone close to 44 hours without sleep."
"I take Prevacid twice a day, and never have a problem"
"I had depressive episodes even as a teenager.  They seemed to get worse every third month.  I&#039;d been on every known medicine for twenty years without any help.  I took Valium for panic attacks several times a day every day for twenty years.  I&#039;ve been on Viibryd for five weeks and finally found help.  The only side effects have been diarrhea only in the morning the first few days and dry mouth.  I wake up feeling very good each day.  Thank you."
"I&#039;m 39 and my last period was on 12/14/16. My cycle is usually 27 days and always on time. Had unprotected sex once this month on the 17th day of my cycle which shows 2 days after ovulation (Dec 30th 5am). He pulled out. Wasn&#039;t sure about taking a MAP but took the &quot;my way&quot; pill anyway on Jan 2nd (lil over 72 hrs) for my own sanity. I&#039;ve been crampy, clear discharge w/white strings (sorry tmi), gassy, felt slight nausea. EP was yesterday 1/10, so i&#039;m 1 day late. I plan on testing on 1/13. I will post results. I read that it could be up to 48-56 days before I see a period with negative tests. 

Paranoid."
"I apparently have tension headaches rather than migraines,  I had headaches about twice a week for maybe 9 years.  They last up to 16 hours and usual medications usually did very little.  Started 10mg Nortriptyline, worked immediately, but faded.  Took it up to 20mg, same thing.  Went to 30mg., and it lasted a while, but then faded.  For about 7 months I only had about 2 headaches a month.  So I stopped taking it.  After a few months, started getting 4 or 5 headaches a week for the past 2 months.  Got back on Nortrip about 10 days ago at only 10mg.  No headaches until yesterday.  So as of last night I took it up to 20mg.  I didn&#039;t want to go past 30mg but may have to.  Vivid dreams that sometimes wake me, dry mouth are my side effects."
"I just recently started taking Gianvi for about a week now and I already feel some of the side effects. I&#039;m in and out of sleep and feel nauseous in the mornings. I got my first headache and have little cramps in my lower abdomen. I don&#039;t really have a lot of bad things to say about Gianvi since I just started a week ago but I&#039;m hoping these side effects will go away soon. "
"I have experienced no adverse effects with this pill. Have been on it for about 6 months now. No weight gain! However, the first month I was on it, I did become very hungry often, after that no problems. My boobs did get a little bigger, which is great! The price of this pill is definitely right. Don&#039;t think I will be switching anytime soon!"
"I have to say I  was somewhat relieved to see that I wasn&#039;t the only one who suffered so greatly with this drug the experience (but sad to see others suffering)   I truly thought I was dying and I kept telling myself it&#039;ll be over soon it&#039;ll be over soon the pain chills and vomiting absolute suffering was unlike anything in recent memory for me.. I&#039;ll never take this drug again and I&#039;m afraid to take anything like it it was that severe of a reaction and this was my 4th day taking this drug the first night the cramps were pretty rough but short-lived last night I just truly never thought I was going to survive it.. It lasted about 3 hours.. Which felt like eternity.. Today I&#039;m just so weak feeling..  it&#039;s going in the garbage $323 wasted..."
"I got Mirena today because I couldn&#039;t remember to take my daily birth control pill. I have a son now who is 3 months old and we can&#039;t have anymore for a while. But I&#039;ve read several reviews and done lots of research about Mirena and I finally got it and I&#039;m so happy. I was terrified about the insertion but it didn&#039;t even hurt at ALL. I didn&#039;t even realize the doctor had done it. I am having some very, very mild cramping but I don&#039;t even need to take anything. I would highly recommend this to anyone. Trust me the anxiety of getting it is the worst part. I&#039;m going to love 5 years of protection without any responsibilitys."
"My lab work came back that HCV not detected after 6 months of treatment.  I believe I am cured.  Had Hep C Genotype 1a for over 35 years.  Previous treatments did not work.  Started Harvoni/Ribaviran last March for 16 weeks.  Minimal side effects compared to hair loss from previous treatments.  I could have continued taking treatment to 24 weeks but insurance would not approve it.
Glad that I am cured.  Good luck to everyone taking Harvoni."
"I am on my first pack and I have to say I am so happy I changed from Loestrin 24 (I actually still had 7 days left). I have had light spotting for the first few days and that&#039;s it. I think really sticking to the same time every day is the key to limiting side effects, like within the hour everyday for real. Some breakouts on my chest and a little on my face but that normally happens anytime. I changed pills. I think I have tried everything that is out there and this is the best."
"Aleve is great for back pain.I take one pill in the morning. And one at night before bed time.no pain at all.That&#039;s what my M.D. told me to take.thanks Aleve .great job"
"While on Bystolic my feet and arms were numb. My blood sugars became severely elevated from 112 glucose up to 249. This blood pressure pill is not a good choice for my diabetic condition. I was only on Bystolic for one week and now eight weeks later I am still suffering from foot and heel pain. However, going back on Vasotec my blood sugars have dropped back down to 112."
"I have Multiple Sclerosis, and work for my neurologist.  I have been on Gilenya for 6 months I am so thankful for a pill rather an injection.  I have had no side effects, that I can say for sure, I have had dizziness, and nausea prior to the change in medicine.  I am unsure if everyone on these disease modifying medications is aware that they do not &quot;cure&quot; or get rid of MS symptoms you already have.  These medications are to put the MS in a remissive state."
"I have used the patches for years after my first cruise without one. It is the ONLY thing that keeps motion or sea sickness at bay for me. My only complaint is the dry mouth while using it. My dry mouth goes way after about 24 hours."
"After first couple days, it felt as if it made a difference but that could&#039;ve just been psychosomatic effects.  Basically, I haven&#039;t noticed any improvements in myself. If anything I have had a slight decrease in my mood, energy levels and overall motivation.  I will continue using the product for at least another month and in in the meantime get my levels checked to see if I&#039;m getting any sort of benefit to using this product.  I will provide an update by next month."
"I&#039;m thinking back to 2006 when I was first put on this drug by a doc. They promised me that it wasn&#039;t like methadone... They promised me ZERO withdrawal... &quot;It&#039;s not addictive,&quot; the docs said. They started me out on 24 mgs a day. What a joke. 
Here I sit, ELEVEN YEARS later... Still hooked on this soul stealer. 
I am once again trying to stop on my own. It&#039;s been 48 hrs since my last dose of .5 mgs or maybe a bit less. Idk if I&#039;m going to make it, but I want to. I want a chance to actually live my life. I&#039;m 36 and I don&#039;t have any children. I wanted to have children... but felt it was irresponsible to get pregnant while hooked on subs. I hope it&#039;s not too late. 
The only good thing is that it kept me off the streets"
"Second time user, first time after 3 years it started to migrate into uterus wall. Second time pain in insertion due to tilted uterus and inexperienced PA, having full body rash and hives. Think it is very effective for BC but not sure if side effects are worth it..."
"I actually came across this medication following a Google search. Asked my doctor who didn&#039;t really know about it. After 1 week, he called in a prescription for me. This is great! No side effects and in 2 weeks, lost 9 lbs! I told my friends about this. My goal is 40 lbs. Watch out next summer. Hard body coming!"
"Have taken Flexeril, then Parafon, then, bachlofen, then norflex, then robaxin, then finally My New Doctor I am seeing, asked if I had ever tried Soma 350 and I Said no, So He Put Me on the soma one tablet three times a day and one tablet every night at bed-time, and the pain in my back as seen improvement, My left Leg and My left foot, I have a sprained disc in my back plus moderate scoliosis, then he also wanted me to try the Zanaflex Capsules alternating with the soma, and between those two items, the pain that was in my back, my left leg and left foot started to feel much better even when I was a work while taking those two items alternating, a little drowsiness but not overly sleepy."
"Horrible form of birth control. Convenient yes but bled continuously while I was on it. Gave me severe depression when I have never had any depression before. Gained weight steadily with no change in diet so depo is cause. After 3 doses and no improvement in side effects I stopped this nightmare."
"I have chronic allergies (undiagnosed). I suffer from dry , red, stinging eyes and a nose that gets stuffy even with turbinate reduction surgery as well as general fatigue and low energy. Claritin helped me feel functional again and I can look people in the eye when I talk to them. Nose it a lot more clear. It is VERY important to take it for a week before it provides full relief. This did not start working for me till day 4 and now I feel great , perhaps the best ever. 

I am giving it an 8 because it causes me dry mouth and my sleep is not the greatest.

The point of this review is not to fully trust all the negative reviews. Try it for yourself every day for one , maybe even 2 weeks and see how it affects you. 

Best of luck."
"This was the best medicine that covered a wide variety of mental disorders. I took this pill 60mg for 6 years. I was then hospitalized on an unrelated matter and the doctor had me taken off of this, abruptly. That was the wrong thing to do, I fell into a deep depression that stayed out of control for 3 weeks. The longest 3 weeks of my life, I could not function at all. BE CAREFUL WHEN STOPPING THIS PILL!!!!!!!!!"
"They say this is supposed to take several weeks to kick in, but I noticed positive effects within 3 days of taking 20mg. Less irritable, less anxious, and feeling a bit more happy-go-lucky. I have noticed an increase in appetite, but I can&#039;t confirm if it&#039;s a side effect. I tend to eat more when I&#039;m happier, and lose appetite when depressed."
"I had been on orsythia for over 2 years with no problem before being put on lutera, which I told was just another generic form. WRONG! Lutera has made me moody all month long, my craps are bad. I&#039;ve been on lutera for about 4 or 5 months. I&#039;ve talked to my pharmacist to give me something else."
"This medication relieved my pain while detoxing off of methadone (was taking it for degenerative disc). However, I did have significant side effects. The most problematic were really bad double vision and am still experiencing a foul smell (which is getting better) over time."
"I have experienced anxiety for about 16 years. It took me 12 years to find paxil and I thank God for it. I was such a mess!  Because of anxiety I developed agoraphobia couldn&#039;t get out of the house, be around people at all, consequently depression followed. My poor husband stuck with me through all of it. I have taken every antidepressant that&#039;s out there none of them worked, they made me zombie like. 3 days into paxil I came alive,  all that noise and constant fear on the back of my mind quieted down.  I could not believe it!!  I had more energy because I didn&#039;t feel emotionally and physically drained any more. I finally could be in the moment and take it all in!!! I feel like I can do anything, before paxil I felt like a constant failure."
"Let&#039;s be clear, this is a laxative, not a stool softener, if you want days of backed up stool gone then this will do the trick, yes it&#039;s painful but it gets it all out.
I take 2 after food at 00:00 then at 06:00 I&#039;ll have stomach spasms so I stick the electric blanket on and facing down on it, drink lots of water.

I usually take this the day before I know im not going out, confined to barracks. Then I&#039;ll go about 6 times and by the end it&#039;s just water yuk sorry.
I will then stick to high fiber diets and keep going each day, but there are days I&#039;ll slip up and eat things that make me constipated and so the little pill comes out again "
"Was given Levaquin for lingering lung bronchial condition. After 7 days. I was feeling 10x worse.  At first I thought I had the flu.  Headache fever achy all over no energy just weak. Then my shoulder joints started hurting so bad I could cry.  On a pain score 1-10 I was at a 15 and I&#039;ve had 4 kids and rods in my back.  I contacted the Dr who told me to stop taking this Medication. That iris known for pain in joints.  Well I&#039;m 2 weeks out. Still in pain all the way down both arms.  Sleeping on a heating pad and taking pain medication. My original complaint seems minor compared to this.  Dr says 4-6 weeks to get it out of your system.  I am Miserable. Can&#039;t lift my arms.  "
"I had the Implanon after I had my son. I was on it for 8 months and bled for 8 straight months. It wasn&#039;t break through bleeding, it was straight up heavy period for 8 months. So I was finally fed up with all the bleeding and got it removed. I guess I was the unlucky one."
"I suffer from depression, anxiety and panic attacks. I take Remeron for depression and Buspirone 15mg twice daily. I was on Xanax for 6 months but my doctor switched me to this because i will just continually need to be bumped up on the Xanax and it&#039;s not that effective in the long run, which is true. .5mgs do nothing for me anymore when they are supposed to suppress a panic attack and I really need them. The Buspirone puts up this big dam to hold back the river of emotions I have. I feel like I have emotions of steel compared to crying all the time. Part of my anxiety is racing thoughts. This helps me FOCUS. I haven&#039;t been this productive in 10 years. However this does NOTHING for panic attacks."
"Had Rotator Cuff surgery and was not advised of the cardiac side effects. Felt like a heavy weight on chest and difficulty breathing. Scary! I&#039;m good physical and mental health with a workout routine 3 days a week.
As for the psychology effects, I&#039;m ready to rip someone&#039;s heart out. This is a complete failure on the doctor&#039;s staff. I will definitely let him know.
Been grouchy, and irritable and very little patience. But the capper is I&#039;m supposed to remove the block myself. Found out after surgery that I could get a script for in-home nursing care which was not offered. I&#039;m 73 and my wife is 68."
"I have had  Hashimoto&#039;&#039;s thyroiditis since 2003. I&#039;ve been on Armour; I&#039;ve been on Naturthroid and I&#039;ve been on Synthroid.  it&#039;s been a struggle to keep the weight off or get any weight off.  I diet and exercise very stringently. You won&#039;t believe this:  25 mcg Synthroid and 5 mcg twice a day Lyothyroninr (Cytomel, or T-3) and the weight is practically falling off. I started on it May 13, 2016. That&#039;s 4 weeks. It started a few days ago and is I&#039;m losing over a pound a day, sometimes 2. I wish I had known. See, my body makes antibodies to the desiccated porcine thyroid, as well as to my own. That&#039;s supposedly very rare. They were three times as high on Armour and Naturthroid as my own thyroid, and it&#039;s pretty high anyway."
"I have been on this for two days after suffering from headaches for 5 weeks  they are not working I hurt so bad the pain  doesn&#039;t stop. What can I do? Do these pills even work?"
"I&#039;ve been taking Microgestin Fe 1/20 for seven months. The first week I felt nauseous and had no appetite, but that subsided. No changes in my breasts. I weighed 142 when I started taking the pill, and I now weigh 132 with zero changes in my diet (and I love junk food). I have had blackheads on my chin the entire time I&#039;ve been on this pill. I wanted to take birth control to get rid of facial and body hair, but this pill has not helped in that regard. My moods felt stable for the first two months, but then I started crying at everything; happy and sad. Yesterday I realized that my moods are interfering with my relationship, so I will try to find a different pill that does not affect my emotions. This is a fairly stable pill. No extremes."
"I have taken this medication for approximately 10 years. I have discontinued use 3 times and my depression resumed each time. I believe many side effects and negative experiences could be avoided if doctors would start patients out with a smaller dose. It has been my experience that when I start with 300mgs I have migraines, nausea, dizziness and itching. I do not have this issue if I start off at 50mgs and gradually increase over 3 months to 300mgs. This medication helps me more than any other and does not make me gain weight. It also seems to slightly help with my adult ADHD, anxiety, OCD, PMS and chronic pain. "
"I have used plan B so many times (which isn&#039;t good) but my doctor stopped prescribing me birth control due to a blood clot. BUT ANYWAYS I&#039;ve had unprotected sex with my SO a few days ago and I took the pill a few hours later . Immediately I got cramps and I never usually experience the symptoms ! I know I have nothing to worry about because plan B always had my back lol the most important thing is to never stress about anything plan B works!!!"
"Got the Skyla 10/1/15 and it all took 10 minutes. I had two mild cramps then one last sharp cramp(lvl 6) as insertion was happening then back to mild(lvl 2) day-long cramps along with spotting. Had cramps off and on for the next couple of days then they went away. I get PMS and very mild cramps for a bit when my period is about to start. Period lasts 4 days followed by spotting/brown discharge. So far I love everything about Skyla. I do not have any mood swings, no acne, no weight gain, same high libido I had before I was on Skyla. The only concern I have is with spotting. I&#039;ve been spotting nonstop since insertion. Had only 4 clear days on 2nd week of November then back to spotting. Will give it more time and post experience soon again!"
"It is easier to use than the Testim or gel applications. No more sticky skin, no more acne on application area. Axiron does sting a little, but use deodorant before and follow directions. Not worried about sweating it off at the gym like Testim and the manufacturer is absorbing the cost for the first year."
"I&#039;ve been on and off Xanax for 22 years. It&#039;s the only drug that makes me feel normal after a lifetime of anxiety and depression. It&#039;s awful that people use it recreationally and that&#039;s made it difficult to get a prescription for it because of others abuse of it. It makes me feel normal. So obviously I need it. I have nothing but good things to say about this drug. It helps me not want to freak out and shake due to anxiety. If you really need to be on it, it&#039;s amazing."
"I have been taking nortriptline for a little over a month now and have found it has helped in several areas of my life.  I have been suffering from headaches for over 10 years due to nerve trauma from a wisdom tooth extraction.  I have been on every medication under the sun and then some.  Usually strong narcotics and several at a time with no real results at all.  I have also suffered from chronic depression, anxiety and panic attacks.  I happened to see a doctor not my own who asked if I would be willing to try it.  Why not can&#039;t hurt was my thought.  I am so grateful for his suggestion, I have stopped taking the narcotics and anxiety/depression medicines. I am currently at 50mg going to start 60mg with no side effects other than dry mouth."
"I just turned 30 and had been struggling with binging for a few years. Over the last year it got totally out of control. Food consumed my life and I was easily going on 3-4,000 calorie binges every night. It was just my routine. Therapy, meditation, exercise, nothing could break the cycle. I heard about Vyvanse and talked to my doctor. Because of how rapidly I was gaining weight and how out of control I was, he happily prescribed it. Honestly it was hard at first - it made me feel sedated and tired, and I had headaches and dry mouth. But the binging was gone from day ONE. My dosage is leveled out now and my body has adjusted and I have lost 25 lbs in 6 weeks. It has changed my life for the better! I have no emotional connection to food now."
"I am taking prescription Zantac 150 and not sure if there&#039;s a difference to the over the counter one but I love this medication. I had missed a week of work from throwing up every little thing even a sip of water and would be stuck there for over 30 minutes and had previously been sick almost every morning and occasionally during the day but always felt nausea and heartburn. Have taken Zantac 150 with prescription meclizine 25 mg and was feeling better the next day. I still get sick from time to time and feel like I lose a weeks worth of food but isn&#039;t everyday and nausea and heartburn got less aggressive. Haven&#039;t had any side effects.  Totally recommend to anyone having stomach issues."
"It was horrible for me! It sank me into a VERY deep depression after being on it for a few months. I stayed in bed crying all night for no reason. I stopped taking it and the depression was gone. I would NEVER take Yaz ever again!"
"After years of experience dealing with back problems, I had assumed my knee pain was from the pain radiating  down my leg and into my knee. I was actually surprised to hear the diagnosis of  severe arthritis . My orthopedic Dr. Did all 3 Orthovisk injections in the same visit. In two weeks the improvement was remarkable! The benefits lasted through 6 to 7 months. Due to changes in insurance my cost jumped from 50$ to 650$( for Orthovisk only to be delivered to Dr office, not including actual procedure) and it&#039;s a struggle, but I can definitely say it&#039;s worth every penny!"
"I have had the implanon for a year and a half now and so far it&#039;s been great. No period at all except for a couple weeks a few months ago of random spotting. Recently though I have been experiencing horrible breast pain like you get when starting your period or when pregnant. (Never been pregnant but friends say it&#039;s similar) and it&#039;s been going on for almost 3 weeks.The only issue is every few months for about a week I get bad breast pain. This time it&#039;s longer. Anyone else have this issue?"
"I am female 65 yrs, 157 cm, 58 Kg.  A lifetime of depression and anxiety, taking 20 mg Prozac daily for 15 years seemed to help a little but panic and anxiety was same as ever, terrible.   As well, I was addicted to Zanax 5 mg per day for 14 years, which is a high dose and apparently considered by our government, a nasty drug to be restricted now.  After 2 months of taking 60 mg Prozac I am no longer needing any Zanax at all.  Weight is very stable, I am feeling normal in every way and sex with my husband every few days, is still wonderful and exciting.  No doctor ever suggested the increase in dose of Prozac to help anxiety until very recently.  That&#039;s why we need the internet."
"Started May 4th, at 165 lbs and I am 5&#039;3 and today, May 9th i am at 158. Two pills a day, no more late night cravings, smaller portions at every meal, eating a lot of salads, not craving carbs as much or sweets. Great medicine"
"I started Copaxone a couple of months after being diagnosed. At the time of diagnosis I was just getting over a relapse that included numbness on my left side and a phantom turtle-neck feeling. I haven&#039;t had any symptoms since then and that was November 2011. I&#039;m pleased with Copaxone this far."
"I would rate this 10 except that I have morning sickness (no jokes please) and my experience and medical advisers tell me that it&#039;s ok to eat close to when I take my pill every day but the more fat the more vivid (or disturbing) the dreams.  I have heard you are supposed to avoid grapefruit also."
"I had the paragard inserted two weeks ago. I&#039;m 38 and have had two children. The insertion hurt , not really painful though. It took only a few moments. They gave me a pad to wear home but I never even spotted. But the cramps were pretty strong. But nothing I couldn&#039;t bare. Next day I spotted a little, just wore a panty liner. Cramps lasted three days and the sporting a week. Than I started my period. No cramps, medium to heavy flow. I wore a super tampon for about two hours between changes. Period lasted a week. Finally stopped bleeding and had sex for the first time since insertion. No pain or cramps. My bf didn&#039;t even feel the strings. So far loving it."
"I took this drug had blinding headache pain behind my muscles so week I could hardly move but the worst thing was pain in my chest and difficult  breathing rang doctor  said u may  have flu saw him next day after stopping  tacking itstill should no concern at all  just seen another doctor said she was not not not aware of such side effects told her to go on this  site I don&#039;t know how anyone with concern for there patients can prescribe this drug without  warning them first do not take if u have bad chest. at all"
"Omg, where to begin. Doc had me switch from Yasmin (on for over 15yrs) to Jolivette. I have been on it for 3 years (?). My symptoms have been: weight gain, inability to lose weight (very slow loss) despite 6 day workouts and calorie (low carb) control, hot flashes, night sweats, neck pain, headaches, low energy, terrible depression, insane hostile angry mood swings and constant irritability. I went to the doctor as I thought I might be in early menopause. A battery of tests and blood work came up empty. She dismissed that Jolivette was the cause. Finally, googled it and found countless forums of women in the same boat as me. It&#039;s been 3 weeks since I stopped the pill and most notably my moods has been so even no irritability at all!"
"Lexapro was a miracle drug for me as far as treating my severe health anxiety and PTSD.  It gave me my life back. I can truly say I was my normal self 98% of the time. However it caused me to have extreme muscle tension and headaches. I was even diagnosed with TMJ and was sleeping with a mouthguard at night. Weaning off Lexapro was horrific for me. It took a good 3 months for all the withdrawal symptoms to subside. Thankfully the headaches and stiff jaw got better as well. I&#039;m sad I can&#039;t take Lexapro anymore. It saved my life. I&#039;m about to start on Prozac. We&#039;ll see what happens."
"Got my Paraguard a little over a month ago.
Insertion lasted less than 30 seconds. It was mostly uncomfortable, not painful, instant cramps. Bearable with Advil.
Spotted and had cramps for a month afterwards, again bearable with Advil (and yes, I had sex, spotting wasn&#039;t heavy at all, I&#039;m talking like the lightest panty liner ever.)
First period was light and short. It was actually better than my regular period.
No more spotting and cramps after first period.
Second period, NO CRAMPS, even lighter, even shorter.
I forget I have it. 
Not pregnant. Sex is rad. No harmones. Going in for a follow up in a few weeks.
Loving life and loving my  Paraguard, I even convinced my friend to get one and get off the pill."
"I just got mine done about 3 hours ago and I did not realize how bad it actually hurt so now the cramps are really bad, overall I&#039;m very excited because I hated the pill, it made me depressed. I&#039;ve heard some horror stories about this but I hope none of it happens to me. I suggest taking ibuprofen or something before. I cried after which is common because it was very uncomfortable. I&#039;ll come back in a week and tell how I&#039;m feeling! Glad I&#039;m not alone"
"I have been taking the 75mg for 2 months now. I have lost 43lbs so far. I can&#039;t believe how much it helps with my hunger. Before I would be hungry all day, and I would eat all day. Now I stick with a 1000 calorie diet, and I make sure I eat breakfast, and all my meals are much smaller portions. There are even days I skip a dose, and I wouldn&#039;t even know it. I would recommend it for anyone who has fought with their weight over the years. After only 2 months I have been able to stop taking my blood pressure medicine."
"9th anniversary of 5x bypass.  Blood pressure was never high.   Altace, began with 5mg in the morning, was feeling faint every time I stood up all day.  Changed to 5mg before bed, faint if I got up to pee.  Changed to 2.5 mg in the evening, OK till last night (9 years) difference was had the flu or something similar, had a high fever, night sweats, diarrhea, got up to go to the bathroom and found myself on the bedroom floor, no damage, fell into the dirty clothes basket, so the warning about excessive sweat or any loss of fluids, is a good one."
"I absolutely freaked out TODAY when I went to get my IUD Because I read every. Single. Review on this website. Girls! Don&#039;t freak ourself out! My pain rating  was in the negatives! And it completely stopped my very heavy period in 12 hours. I know everyone&#039;s story is different but don&#039;t rely on reviews when it comes to your body :)"
"I have been taking Ambien CR for about 6 months now. I have had no side affects. I have not gotten up and got on the computer or driven to any place that I was not aware I was going. It helps me not to have nightmares. If you need something to help you sleep then take it. "
"On September 6th, 2015 I have been sober for one year.  I could not have accomplished this without Campral.  My GP, who is an American, is very surprised to find it not more widely in use in Canada.  It has saved my life - which I have stated in my previous two reports.  I am now taking Campral every one other day - one tablet in the morning - and will, with the support of my GP, continue doing that for about 3 months.  I want to be sure that I have no temptation to take a drink.  I know that there are others who have had dependency issues who feel that they can return to &quot;controlled drinking&quot;, but that is not for me.  I know full well that one SIP of wine will take me back to where I was.  I will not tempt myself and breach my success!"
"I&#039;ve always had mild asthma, but about 6 months ago, it got really bad and I was using my Ventolin like every 2 hours. Especially at night, I&#039;d wake up almost every hour and need to have a puff of Ventolin. It was bad, I know, but I kept putting up with it. But last time I went to the doctor, I mentioned how bad it had got and she put me on another asthma medication called Symbicort. It&#039;s saved my life, makes it SO much more easy to manage. Now I never use Ventolin at all and I only have two puffs of this Symbicort at night... it&#039;s amazing. It&#039;s made my life so much easier."
"Given to me on a cruise when I had swelling in my legs which seemed to be circulation problem, not my rheumatoid arthritis. This had no effect on my swelling."
"I cannot describe how life changing this medication has been for me. I&#039;ve been suffering from anxiety/depression, specifically social anxiety and low self esteem, my whole life. It was at a point where I thought it was normal to be negative, pessimistic, anxious and depressed all the time. I tried EVERYTHING including therapy, exercise, diet and an array of medicines and nothing worked. I nearly developed an addiction to Xanax just trying to combat the anxiety. Prozac, lexapro, Concerta, stratera; Nothing worked. Finally got introduced to Effexor XR. Started on 75mg for 2 months, I wasn&#039;t that satisfied. I got put on 150mg for 2 months then. CANNOT BELIEVE THE DIFFERENCE. I&#039;m happy, confident and positive. AMAZING. Long may it last."
"Every doc said was IBS but a biopsy showed inflammation without being UC....I&#039;m taking apriso and I&#039;m so happy my life change 100%...keep fingers crossed "
"It&#039;s been about 9 months since I stopped taking Accutane. I had really bad acne on my back and chest and tried everything and Accutane was the only thing that worked. The acne on my face was pretty bad but not as bad as the other places while I was on Accutane I never got any pimples but about 2 months after I stopped, it all came back on my face. I&#039;m considering taking it again but I experienced some memory loss, backaches, bloodshot eyes, and my lips are still always very dry. It worked amazing on my back and chest though and I haven&#039;t had a pimple there since."
"I am 49 yr old and have been wearing hearing aids for 44 yrs! (Since i was in kindergarten). Work yrs ago for some reason i developed ringing in both ears, each ear has its own tone and frequency ugh very annoying! Plenty of nights i just want to cry, tried taking Advid PM just to knock me out and tried Ambien even! I gave lipoflavonoid a try. It helps but not 100%. What i didnt realize just how much it helped tll last week i stopped taking it so i could start a diet....it came back with a  vengeance and its loud! So its very gradual...u have to be patient taking these pills. They do work but it has to build up in system. I&#039;m going back on lipoflavonoid today since theres mild side effects as apposed to AdvilPM &amp; Ambien!!!"
"I have been dealing with major insomnia for the past 2 mths. and, after trying other sleep meds (which didn&#039;t work), was prescribed 1mg of Lunesta before bed. It took about an hour to put me to sleep. I got about 5 disturbed hours of sleep. I tossed and turned all night and woke up feeling like I&#039;d had 1 hr of sleep. Then the bad part came: the morning. I woke up super drowsy, had intense anxiety, OCD, tremors, chest and nasal congestion, stomach upset and shortness of breath. I was also super emotional and cried uncontrollably all day. These symptoms lasted all day. All that, so that I can get basically no sleep on this pill?! Needless to say, I will never take this pill again! The side effects are worse than anything I&#039;ve experienced!"
"AWFUL. I had fairly clear skin before taking Sprintec and had gotten the implant taken out a couple months prior. But within less than a month I began to see my face break out on Sprintec. It eventually developed to the point where I got hormonal acne on my forehead and chin, places I had NEVER gotten acne. I stayed on the pill for 3 months and couldn&#039;t take the acne any more, and the worst part is that the acne WORSENED after I got off. It has been four months and my face is filled with acne scars and new blemishes. This has been an ongoing battle for me, and I regret taking the pill. Immensely. Please avoid this at all costs! Especially if you have sensitive skin or acne free skin to begin with! I&#039;d give anything to have my old face back."
"I took Sprintec for 4 months and it was a fine and dandy birth control for pain with cramps, but I couldn&#039;t take the cystic acne it brought on. I never had acne before. The tenderness in the breasts was also quite bothersome. Other than that, good pill, but too much acne."
"It took me a while to reach an effective dose, but Zoloft was surprisingly effective. It does have a reputation of being a &quot;starter drug&quot; and ineffective, but it has transformed my life."
"Decreased urinary frequency within first 2 days of 25mg per day. I&#039;ve had mild Gi symptoms that are very manageable. I have low back and hip pain that have become severe. This is my third week of the med. I do not want to give this Med up...  but can&#039;t take this pain. :/"
"Just started this medicine for my spine arthritis and knee arthritis It takes away the pain pretty well. I am only on 15MG. Only problem I have is it make me feel light headed and jittery at times. But, as far as getting rid of the pain, it is doing the job so far."
"My body does not react very well to hormones. I spent just over a week on this medication and experienced vomiting every single day. My physician mentioned that nausea was normal so I assumed this was typical, as my stomach is generally a little more sensitive than most, anyway. Besides, it wasn&#039;t too bad - just once in the morning. Once my body had woken up, I was just fine. 
However, the last few days I was on the medication, the adverse reactions increased. Vomitting increased to several times throughout the day, nausea increased from the first few hours of the day to the entire time I was awake, and had several fainting spells accompanied by severe twitching (luckily my doctor ruled out seizures). Scary!"
"I had been on Relafen for years for my osteoarthritis, and I just discovered this summer that I have Rheumatoid Arthritis. I was still on the Relafen and had driven a long ways to see one of my doctors, and the RA was so bad in my knees and feet that it was becoming difficult to walk. I called my Orthopedic Surgeon, and they changed my NSAID from Relafen to Mobic, and within an hour of taking the Mobic, I had relief. What a difference it has made for me! It made such a difference with the inflammation in my joints, and made it easier for me to walk. After taking the Mobic for a few days, I had improved greatly. I have had no stomach or intestinal issues from the medication."
"I suffer from anxiety, OCD, bipolar, and depression. This medication has made me sluggish and slow because of that I have gained weight which has just added to the stress and anxiety. It has done nothing for me. My anxiety is still intruding on my life. My OCD is not being helped because my anxiety is not being dealt with."
"I have had Nexplanon since April of 2016. It works when it comes to not getting pregnant 100% to me. I just hate the side effects I&#039;ve been moody, crying at nonsense things, and my period has been on for almost 3 months. Me and my significant other haven&#039;t had sex in a month because my period had gotten heavier. Overall I&#039;m happy with the fact it works, but girls I can&#039;t stand how CRAZY it makes us."
"I have been taking Trinessa for one year and this pill is great. I have never had change of mood, heavy periods, breast tender, gain weight or lost weight. I have had more interest on sex than I was which is good. I love this pill what else can I say!"
"It stopped seizures but I have gained 3 pounds a week. It has totaled 50 pounds. I hate it. It is destroying my life causing my thyroid and endocrine system to go haywire and I just want to get off of it. My endocrinologist wants to have me taken off immediately as my pancreas does not produce insulin and the weight gain is dangerous."
"I just started my 2nd pack of Lo Loestrin Fe this past Sunday. I have to admit when I first starting this pill I was a little skeptic because it is such a low dose pill. I absolutely LOVE this pill so far. I do not have a ton of side effects like with other pills. Last summer I briefly was on Ortho Tri-cyclen and it made me gain 10 pounds in one week! On this pill I do not have any weight gain and no crazy mood swings and my period was super light this month. I did have some spotting throughout the first pack though. I work at a gynecology office so I am well aware that the first 3 months of any new birth control can have potentially weird side effects such as abnormal bleeding, mood swings, etc. Thumbs up from me. Will update soon. "
"I have been having a lot of stomach issues. I was told it was a bunch of things. At last it took about 4 months to conclude it was my colon. After a bout in the hospital I was given Zofran which worked wonders in no time at all; was also given Phenergan at one point and immediately became extremely irate until I passed out from it. In comparison Zofran is a God send. Can be expensive."
"The pill does work.  I had sex April 10th and took the generic brand called Take Action 2 hours after sex. My period was due 4/30 but today is 4/27 and I have my period. Symptoms I had were fatigue, spotting between periods, diarrhea, and lower abdominal pain. But now I got my period and don&#039;t want to take this pill again so I&#039;m staying away from sex. Thank you there is a pill like this out in the world!"
"Very good when pharmacy can get it. Several times months will go by and unable to get."
"I am 18 and have been on this for nearly a year now, and originally started this due to severe period cramps that became unbearable. It makes them less severe, but I still have them but it&#039;s bearable now. The only side effect is the breast pain and swelling. I get sore before the placebo week and my breasts have gone up literally 2 cup sizes, at first it was ok but now it&#039;s annoying. I haven&#039;t gained weight and I think I&#039;ve lost weight instead so that&#039;s a plus considering the breast increase. For birth control it works well, just the breast soreness and delayed period on the placebos caused worry for a while, but now I know it&#039;s just the pill. Overall it works good and I&#039;ll continue to take it!"
"I had been through many forms of birth control.  Than I tried Seasonique.  The doctor warned me it could take 6-9 months to get regular, so I stuck it out through breakthrough bleeding every other week, and boy do I regret it.  After one year, I finally became regular, but then I had many muscle spasms, mood swings, cramps, mild headaches, and a TOTAL LACK OF MY SEX DRIVE and no lubrication during sex.  Even though I took my pill at exactly 9:15 every morning, one day (after over 20 months of being on it) I was two hours late and I had a two week period when I was still on the active pills.  I have chosen to switch to Loestrin 24.  It&#039;s been a few months and so far I am back to my normal self."
"I had mild panic attack disorder. I started taking the pill and there was a very light headache the first week that went away. I also woke up twice in the first two weeks feeling nausea, but I put up with it. Now I feel fine and I&#039;m a lot happier. I don&#039;t like taking pills but my doctor thinks I should stay on it for at least one year."
"After being on Cialis for 3 months but still losing my erection during sex I started topping up with viagra as well. Even this didn&#039;t work so my problem was clearly not physical. I completely switched tactics and focused on my anxiety even though I thought I was not anxious. I started taking 5mg seroxat daily with 5mg Cialis. After only 2 days I was fixed. No loss of erection. My wife was so pleased. Had sex several times since without a problem and my wife likes my fuller size.  Dosage is 5mg Cialis and 5mg seroxat. Will stop taking the seroxat at 4 weeks and see what happens even though 5mg is a very low dosage for this drug."
"I&#039;ve taken Oxyfast for 18 months now for treatment following a severe auto accident (I suffered multiple herniation&#039;s in my neck and back, torticollis, jaw dislocation, head trauma, right rotator cuff and right hand ligaments permanently scarred.  It took 4 years for me to succumb to taking this medication because of all the bad publicity. I was introduced to it by people who eventually suffered severe addictions.  I&#039;m happy to say even though I&#039;m prescribed over 200 mg per day I only take it for breakthrough pain to relieve the torture in my head (supposedly cluster headaches). I can stop for weeks at a time and am very thankful it doesn&#039;t affect me negatively (i.e. withdrawals)."
"I&#039;ve got PTSD due to domestic violence 27 years ago which left me with chronic anxiety and panic attacks. I have too many side effects from anti-depressants so this is all I can take but they help through the worst times. My gp only gives me 28 5mg though every 5 weeks as not good and can increase your anxiety if you take regularly"
"I was terrifird to try this product because of the reviews i had read but i just had a feeling i would be fine. i put in the pill a few hours before bed tuesday night and was completely fine and got to sleep without ANY pain and when i woke up i was still feeling sore and i had lots of discharge but by the end of the next day i was symptom free. It&#039;s now the follow day and i&#039;m feeling back to normal, however there is still a white dischargr but i read that, that is normal because the medicine has to leave your system. Overall, had NONE of the issues that i had read about in reviews. Extremely pleased."
"Got Mirena at my 6 week post-partum checkup. First baby, had him w/o an epidural, and WOW. The IUD insertion hurt worse than childbirth. I bled for 2 MONTHS straight after insertion and my husband said the cords felt like wires stabbing him for the next year. 3 years later and I wish we had money for my husband&#039;s vasectomy. I get brutal cramping almost 24/7, intercourse is painful for me if my husband thrusts too deep, I get intensely nauseous during my period and my period is VERY heavy, I recently got Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, and the cords can still be felt by my husband both the day before and the day after my period.
The only &#039;pluses&#039; about this IUD is that I didn&#039;t have to pay for it and I haven&#039;t got pregnant again."
"I have been on Trinessa for 10 months. So far I have had breast tenderness, fatigue, weight gain, 104lb to 127lb (yes huge difference,) lower abdomen pain. Headaches, mood swings not so much but I do cry a lot and I mean a lot. The pill is doing its job although I&#039;ve had one scare. My periods comes three days late and last about 3-6 hours, my period hasn&#039;t been longer than a day. And it&#039;s light very light like spotting. Trinessa is a good pill it has done its job but the sides effects are like symptoms of pregnancy. I could do without the side effects."
"I have had bad social anxiety from a very young age. It has affected my ability to obtain and maintain employment. I have tried Zoloft also, but it did not work near as well as Paxil does for me. Since taking Paxil, I have been working a new job for two months. I only give it a 9 because of the minor side effects, which I have been able to find a way around anyway. If your social anxiety is so bad that it affects your ability to support yourself, I would recommend Paxil. I am on 20mg. When I was taking 30mg the side effects were enough to make me switch to Zoloft for a while, but 20mg of Paxil is working great for me."
"Went in for a colonoscopy yesterday. I was pretty anxious but they reassured me that I would fall asleep within 20 seconds and wake up and ask when I&#039;m having the procedure. They had me turn over on my side and told me they were administering the propofol, and there may be a burning sensation. I felt nothing, and I was probably out in less than 3 seconds. Woke up feeling perfectly fine, no soreness and no wooziness like I had just been knocked out."
"It&#039;s a cliche but this drug has transformed my life. I&#039;d struggled with ED for years as my ability to achieve and maintain an erection diminished. This had become a real obstacle in our marriage since my wife assumed that I didn&#039;t care for her anymore (not true). I&#039;d tried the higher strength &quot;as required&quot; pills but found that they spoiled the moment - planning to have sex and hour in advance isn&#039;t good - and the side effects were not good. I take Cialis 5mg once a day. For the first time in years (I know realise) I often have morning wood and can have sex whenever the mood takes us. It&#039;s big and hard and doesn&#039;t soften at awkward moments. I feel 20 years younger. No side effects. Brilliant!"
"I am 5&#039;2 and weigh 106. I have had 3 days of constipation, I thought it was the worst, so I took 3 pills with almost two liters of water at 2 pm. nothing happened that day. Just tons of urination. The worst cramping got to me at 2am. Cold sweats, feeling uneasy, vomiting and with a massive urge to poop. I admit it is my fault for taking so many pills while being my first time using laxatives. Spread the word!!! Only take one!!!!! It is 10am and I am still suffering from cold sweats and cramps. Lots of pain. I am exhausted of this diarrhea!! I hope everything is worth at the end"
"I have been using Depo for about 9 months. I had no serious problems while using it. The only reason why I did not give it a ten is because I hated getting the shot because it really burned. I gained 24lbs since I started, and I hated the spotting. This is a great form of birth control but I am stopping this method because I don&#039;t want to lose a lot of bone density and I&#039;m tired of getting the shot."
"I am 5&#039;4 female and am 32 years old. On June 3rd of 2008 I started taking Phentermine. I weighed 185lbs. Just took half of a pill a day because a whole one was too much for me. I took the pill for 3 months, I stopped on September 3rd of 2008. I weighed 140 lbs. It was amazing how the pounds just dropped. Now almost 5 months later I still weight 140 lbs. I weigh myself once a week just to make sure I am still 140 lbs. The most I have weighed since I stopped taking the pill was 144 lbs but it was after the holidays. I love Phentermine."
"I have been on it a few months, with great results for my ADD. I have greater concentration and am up getting things done, instead of vegging in front of the tube. The major drawback has been sweating. I was getting chills and sweating a lot! Originally thought it could be hormones, but not after reading others&#039; comments matching my symptoms. I was jittery at first, but now smooth sailing. I tell lots of people how happy I am with the results. I loved Welbutrin but am allergic."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been on this pill for 4 months now and have realized many changes. Some pros are that my acne has cleared up and excess hair slowed its growth rate but the cons outweigh the pros. I have terrible mood swings, headaches and nausea when i never had that before. My sex drive is nearly non existent. My periods are more controlled but they are very heavy and leave me very tired. I have gained 15 pounds in 4 months despite getting 2 hours of exercise almost everyday. 
I thought this pill would help my hormones levelled and help my depression, but has made my relapses far between but much more intense when they happen. 

overall, it gets the job done, but if you can, try a different pill."
"I had Mirena inserted 14 months ago, after having my second child. I had a period which lasted 2 months, then nothing since. That&#039;s still OK although it makes me wonder if I am still healthy! I can now though report that since I&#039;ve had Mirena, I have NO libido whatsoever and I hear this is a very common symptom. This really is affecting my marriage."
"This is my first experience taking medication for anxiety or any mood disorder.  I experience anxiety, not panic attacks, just general focusing on things that should not matter.  I am 4th day of 10mg and already feeling less anxious.  Though I had sharp gas pain on the second day, I have had no other gastrointestinal issues.  I was nauseous and tired on the first day but now I have no side effects that are problematic.  I can still sleep but I find it harder to get tired in the evening and if I do wake up in the night, it&#039;s hard to fall back asleep. "
"Well obviously I had sex with my boyfriend the week I was ovulating. The condom broke so we bought the pill just incase, I took the pill less than an hour later. I didn&#039;t feel any side effects other than a little cramping, I got my period out of no where yesterday and it was a week early. I am so relieved! It might be expensive but it&#039;s so worth it!"
"Mom was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2003 and went through treatment. In 2004 developed metastatic bone cancer in her back which was non treatable by chemo or radiation.  Her doctor put her on Tarceva in 2005 and did a PET scan base line.  We repeated the PET scan in Jan 2009 and her cancer has not progressed AT ALL!  There are even a couple spots in her back that showed cancer in 2005 that did not appear in her 2009 PET scan.  Mom has had no side effects from this medication.  The doctors in 2005 thought Mom would only live 6 months, I am extreamly pleased to have her for 4 years and still counting.  "
"This is a godsend for daily cluster headaches."
"After breast cancer I had to go on Prolia to counter act the possible fractures caused by my cancer meds. My PCD noticed my PTH levels were off the charts and sent me for  a CT scan.
My numbers went down after 5 months post Prolia. They went up pre 2nd shot of Prolia. I went to Mayo Clinic because I needed an answer. The endocrinologists there stated point blank that the high PTH is common with Prolia, but that Prolia outways the possibile fractures weak bones can cause. So I&#039;m damned if I do, damned if I don&#039;t. He told me to up my Calcium and take 1000 units of Vitamin D /daily."
"I have used this product before with no problem. Today I went out to buy because I felt early signs and wanted to catch it before it got worse and the actually cream made it worse!! After a minute or 2 after applying the cream my insides itch and burn. I never had a problem before I don&#039;t know why now. I won&#039;t be able to sleep with my vagina on fire."
"I experienced normal bleeding after getting it put in was a little worried because I bleed for a while after getting it put in. Was told it was normal. I have since not even thought about it. I have no problems or issues with it actually really like this birth control and I&#039;ve tried many before"
"I have been using Rhinocort for approximately 8 years. Using two squirts of Rhinocort twice a day  stops nasal drip.  Nasal drip causes me to cough constantly.  I have never experienced any side effects whatsoever using Rhinocort."
"I knew for a while that something was off down there. I suspected BV, and went and asked my doctor for the antibiotic. I am VERY sensitive to most medications, which typically cause me intense nausea. So I was very nervous to try this stuff, especially after reading reviews. But I&#039;m happy to say I&#039;ve little to no side effects, aside from slight headache. However I did start with a very small dose, just to try it out. My doctor told me to take 500 mg (two pills) a day with food. But the first day, I only took half of a pill (about 125mg) just to see how it went down. No problems. Day two I took the full dose, no problems and BV symptoms are almost gone. Coated my pill in peanut butter as per my doctors suggestion, and have yet to taste it."
"Tried this drug for 5 weeks and had no positive change and ended up having worse than normal anxiety when going from 5mg x3 daily to 10mg x 3 daily."
"I am 21, and have been taking the pill since the age of 16. Two years ago I began to take Yaz, after severe mood swings, depression, and overwhelming sadness and anger due to PMDD.  Yaz has been a lifesaver for me! I don&#039;t have cramps, my period lasts 3 days at most and is very light (not even enough to warrant use of a tampon), and my skin is perfectly clear, with the exception of 2 pimples a month around menstruation. But the absolute best part is my mood! I became ME again, a happy, easy-going person, who doesn&#039;t pick fights with her boyfriend over burnt spaghetti noodles ;)"
"Insertion = Sucks
No periods or pregnancies for 5 years = Awesome
Best decision of my life."
"Wellbutrin XL was a fabulous medication for depression, but I experienced two side effects - muscle and joint pain and significant swelling in my legs. If it weren&#039;t for these things, I would stay on this medicine as it has been  wonderful for depression."
"One of the best benzodiazepines I have taken."
"I was previously on Tri-Sprintec for years, when my pharmacy started carrying Tri-Previfem. I switched thinking it would affect me the same. However, I started getting headaches often, feeling weak, my face broke out, and I had spotting. I know that these effects may come when switching brands, but when I switched from Ortho TriCyclen Lo to its generic, then back to brand, then to Tri-Sprintec I have never had any problems. I am a pharmacy technician and I have had several customers that have had trouble when switching to Previfem or Tri-Previfem. I will be switching back to Tri-Sprintec once the pharmacy special orders it."
"Downside for me with Pradaxa was severe acid reflux.  Neither my doctor nor my pharmacist told me until I complained of this that Pradaxa works in an acidic environment so they put acid in the capsule.  This was particularly difficult at night. I was taking Tums by the handful.  Within a day of not taking it, the acid reflux disappeared.  I&#039;m now trying Xarelto.  So far, no upset stomach."
"I got this for bv within the first 48 hr the smell is gone and I&#039;m feeling it working. However I did get sharp pelvic pains, face red and hot, nauseous, feeling very very ill like the flu came over me and also very moody! The rumbling tummy came soon after the 3rd dose and I don&#039;t want to eat or drink anything at all which I could stand to loose a few pounds lol But it&#039;s working and Those are temporary so I&#039;m continuing."
"I have had the mirena for 9 months.  I was super nervous About having it inserted but it wasn&#039;t bad at all. A little uncomfortable but not awful.  I bled for about 3 months as expected before beginning to lighten and eventually didn&#039;t bleed at all.  It was wonderful and I have loved my mirena ever since. However I started bleeding heavily again about a week ago and I&#039;m a little concerned. Hesitant to go to my doctor about what seems like a period but I think I need to."
"I was ticked at first when TRICARE Prime refused to pay for the Nexium I had been prescribed when on Active Duty.  Tried the VA too and they said no too.  VA prescribed omeprazole and after two weeks of 40mg/day taken before two meals, I&#039;m fine!  No reflux.  OK so far.  Good because I like saving money."
"I&#039;ve been on this a little over 6 months and haven&#039;t had any issues with it... Still not pregnant (I take it religiously every day at noon) and cramps are minimal but I DO have painful gas at times.  Was hoping acne would go away but no such luck there... Nor did I &quot;suffer&quot; from larger breasts so that was a let down.  Overall, not a bad product"
"This is my third month using Cyclessa and I&#039;m very happy with it.  I used to have periods that lasted a week to a week and a half and more than once a month.  Now my periods start on maybe a Thursday or Friday and it ends that Sunday.  Before, my periods were real heavy, like unbearable and now I hardly know they&#039;re there.  I don&#039;t know about the acne part, I haven&#039;t noticed a bad or good change, it&#039;s pretty much the same.  Also, I&#039;m not pregnant so this is good.

Cyclessa seems like a pretty reliable pill so far, I would recommend it."
"Well, I just spent 24 hours doubled over in pain after taking my first dose of Junel Fe 1/20.  Never again- I&#039;m done!!

I used birth control for 3 years without a problem, having stopped about 5 years ago.  I decided to start again after my boyfriend moved in with me.  My gynocologist prescribed this low dose pill because I expressed an interest in having as few side effects as possible.

I took my first one yesterday at 4pm, and was having extremely bad cramps by 5:30pm.  They became progressively worse.  I woke up at 2am and 4am to vomit.  I have felt dehydrated and dizzy all day.  I seriously could not even keep water down.  Now that its been 24 hours, I&#039;ve finally been able to swallow a few sips of water.  So long Junel Fe!  1 and done."
"I am a two time testicular cancer survivor. My body no longer produces testosterone. I am 30 years old and this will be for the rest of my life. I was on Andro gel for about 2 and a half years. The last I would say 8 months I felt like complete crap. Depression and always tired and lethargic. Didn&#039;t feel like doing anything. No motivation for anything. I just had my second round of testopel about a week and a half ago and I love it. The first time I got it I felt the difference within the first week. Same with this second go round. I have more energy. The only problem I have, is that on both times my incision site leaks and one pellet did fall out. Other than that I love this stuff."
"Symbicort worked for about a year. Then one day as I got to work I could not see very well from my left eye. I went to the eye doctor only to be told that my retina had fluid in it. After answering all the questions the conclusion was that the steroids in the medication was affecting my vision. Moreover, my wrist joint and back started to hurt often. My family physician recommended other drugs but I decided to stop all my medications an go on a whole food diet. I must say it has been six weeks and I don&#039;t need the inhaler, my joint pains are gone and my vision is getting back to normal. It was a blessing to have the drug but I felt that I made a pact with the devil since it almost destroy the rest of my body."
"I switched recently to this medicine from Latuda due to akathisia and lack of effectiveness. It has work wonders on my mood. It has paired up with Zoloft to make a solid team of an antidepressant/mood stabilizer combination. I feel like I can do much more now, my sociability has increased, even my anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder have been helped by it! My experience on this medicine has been better overall in the past month I&#039;ve been on it than the two years I was on Latuda. The only negative side effect so far is sexual side effects."
"My doctor prescribed for menopausal insomnia, it has helped me tremendously, I am finally sleeping thru the night.  Give it a chance, everyone reacts different to medications.  For me its great."
"After a bad accident, I have been having awful insomnia. My doctor recommended Trazodone for my insomnia. He also insisted that it may help me with my serve depression. So I was prescribe Trazodone 50 mg. 
Despite positive reviews on this sleep aid, I had a horrible experience on Trazodone. I only took Trazodone for one night and stopped all together with Trazodone. I don&#039;t personally recommend this. It was literally the worst trip ever. I felt like I was in a horror film with Freddy Krueger. I could not sleep. My head was spinning out of control. I am so surprised I did not shit in my pants. I was so exhausted and paranoid that night. I felt worse the next day, my heart and head was racing and I was irritable. I switched over to Melatonin."
"I have tried so many acne medications, and this one was like every other one that didn&#039;t work. I believe that Aczone permanently damaged my skin. I have an olive skin tone and I would rarely get burned. After using this medication my whole body, not just my face, is now extremely sensitive to the sun. If I am outside for about 15 minutes without sunscreen I will burn. The best thing that I did for my acne was to get on birth control and get enough sleep."
"Horrible!!!!!!!! I tried 10mg for 2 days over the weekend and stayed awake they most if it I took it 39 minutes before bedtime as directed 7:30pm and 11:00pm I was wide awake I am so upset I had to purchase over the counter unisom to get a nights rest on Sunday in fear of starting the work week dead tired since I didn&#039;t get any rest this weekend now I have to go back to my doctor and see what he suggests I had to get prior authorizations to get approval from my insurance company for this waste of time extremely disappointed DO NOT waste your or your doctors time read the other reviews most DO NOT have good experiences with this medication your better costly and sleep with generic Ambein"
"I&#039;m a 54 yo woman, 5&#039; 4&quot;. 155lbs at start. I am in awe. Been on Belviq for 11 days. First time ever that I feel completely confident that I won&#039;t binge or overeat. I have NO side effects, eating 3 meals a day, no desire to over eat....feel full after small meal.  Its a complete miracle for me so far.  I could so this forever! Not sure how it is working but I love it!  Trust that I can even eat a forbidden food in small amount. Its the BEST! "
"I am 25 and have been taking 7.5/500 Percocet since I was 15 (10 years) and it used to work VERY well but its super easy to build up a tolerance and you have to wait a few weeks for it to go down so they also just started giving me 100mg of Demerol which is FANTASTIC. I have IGA NEPHROPATHY, and NIFRIDAS, and CALCUIM KIDNEY STONES and will have to live with pain the rest of my life and it is very hard to find a doctor who will prescribe to someone my age who is really suffering."
"My recommendation - if you have a panic disorder, get on situational meds like klonopin or xanax. This may not be a wise decision if you have an addiction problem/addictive personality, but klonopin saved my life. Before klonopin, though, I took zoloft. Zoloft made me incredibly sick and very depressed. I have never had depression, only the panic disorder. Situational meds reminded me what it felt like to be normal, and after awhile I was able to mimic that normalcy on my own."
"Lotronex was the answer to helping my IBS and making it possible to have a life out of the bathroom!  I do not understand why companies make a drug and then make it so expensive that very few can purchase it."
"I&#039;m very sensitive to any type of meds and it was like jumping of a cliff for me do or die . Diagnosed in 97 , hadn&#039;t had insurance til 2015 , I was denied the first time for coverage after year I was able to start . Being sensitive to meds I drank alot of water and followed direction strictly. I feel great 6 weeks into 8 of the course . My doc did not test at 4 weeks and is not testing til Dec .... Uggggh I know ! Why so long , I started early Aug .... And I won&#039;t find any results out til Feb. Anybody else run into this ?????? What should I do?"
"Xyzal has helped keep the chronic sinus infections away while on a biologic for an autoimmune disorder! That&#039;s a miracle! I love xyzal. Some days I get sleepy so I take it @ night. Now if I can just get the autoimmune symptoms to go away id be kicking booty! Love xyzal for allergies!"
"I haven&#039;t seen many people on here comment with using it for over 2 weeks. The first few weeks it worked for me too. Thought it was amazing. I&#039;ve now been using it for 6 months hoping it just needs time. Nope NOTHING. I have mild/moderate acne. I&#039;m 24. I still get cystic acne. Especially on my period. I get whiteheads, ones under my skin, black heads, YOU NAME IT. I still get it. The only time my skin is clear is the week before I get my period. "
"Due to a painful disability the only way to sleep is with the use of Ambien. I give Ambien a two thumbs up, AAA   , it works terrific for me."
"This medication did not help me. I took it the first time today and after a few hours waves of nausea came over me and I&#039;ve been sick 5 times in the past few hours. I also seem to be clenching my jaw very tight and shaking. I will not be continuing this medication."
"I never write reviews on anything but I am a 35 year old male and was diagnosed with blood cancer about 13 months ago and with this type of cancer I have comes the most horrific pain imaginable!! Imagine if every bone in your body is broke and there is razor blades running threw your veins all the while people are prying at every joint on your body with crow bars that have been heated up to almost melting and you start to come close !! I have been prescribed every pain medication under the sun to deal with this and nothing seems to help until my Dr put me on the Belbuca 300 mcg !!! I would just like to say thank you for giving my life back!!!"
"I&#039;m on my 2nd month of taking Loestrin 24. I went to my doctor 2 months ago because I had not had a period during the 5 months prior to the visit. She prescribed to me from what I can recall oxyprogesterone, she told me it should start my period within 2-3 days. It didn&#039;t come until 2 weeks later so then I finally started taking Loestrin 24. That WHOLE first month I bled, some days it was just average bleeding, some light, and just a handful of days bad cramping and heavy. Now being on my 2nd month of this pill I&#039;m on the 3rd week row of the pill pack and I&#039;m already starting my period early. The only side effects I&#039;ve noticed from taking this pill is my breasts have grown half a cup size, no nausea or weight gain so far."
"I&#039;m 17 and I&#039;ve been on this pill for a month now. I starting taking in to help with horrible period and it made them feel worse. I&#039;ve been on my period for a week and am having horrible cramps, gained weight and am breaking out on my chin and around my mouth. "
"I have been taking this medicine now for 3 days, however I still suffer the dizziness and have noticed it makes me sleepy, and I don&#039;t know if this is a side affect or not but I have very irritable since starting it. I&#039;m not going to be able to take it due to working with clients all day and on the computer. My mind is so foggy."
"I started taking this medication at 0.5 mg. and thought I was okay, had to get dose upped to 1.0 mg. to sleep, but what has been happening, I cry all the time, am angry and sad.  I cry most of the day, everyday!  I am having what a doctor called PTSD from seeing my mom pass 2 years ago and am dealing with anger issues there still, but now all I do is cry!!!!!!!  Does anyone else feel this?  I feel so alone!!!!

Rose"
"I would suggest botox treatment for migraine as the best choice. I had severe headaches and  doctor after diagnosing said that it is because of migraine.Took too many capsules for instant reliefs. But I couldn&#039;t see any changes in my situation. Parents were very much worried regarding the high dose capsule intake. Cousin suggested me to go for a therapeutic botox at Brampton. It brought wonderful changes to my life. Now I am totally free from my migraine problem."
"I had chronic hives for over 10 years, frequent and fairly severe. Cold helped to reduce the symptoms, but nothing reduced the frequency.  When I started taking loratadine for unrelated allergies I was very pleased to find that the hives went away, for the most part.  Every now and then I will have a few, but not all that often and not as severe. This stuff works for me. Yeah!"
"Yeast infections suck. Monistat 7 burns and makes the itch worse, but it definitely cures the infection. Benadryl knocks out the itching and burning from the Monistat. Still better than losing a day to the doctor&#039;s office for an RX &amp; paying those copays."
"Lower back pain: not helpful"
"I saw opioids taking over my life, and figured I had two options: continue using and wind up dead or imprisoned, or get help.

Suboxone was the help I got. My cravings to get high on anything keep going down and down. Now, I barely remember why I started doing all these in the first place.

So why the 6 out of 10? It constipates me way worse than any other opioid has. That means lots of fiber, stool softeners and Activia for me. I dislike the orange taste and the way the strips numb my taste buds. I also wish it was scored, so you could accurately measure out half doses. "
"I&#039;m currently on a mood swing so forgive me. Although I&#039;ve just started this pill 3 weeks ago. Every other day I cry for no reason. Then I get angry and mad and just lose my appetite. And sick to my stomach. I feel bloated daily and just annoyed. I have my good days. I was so much more happy though before the pill. And the only great thing is my breasts grew like 2 sizes haha. Other than that I&#039;m making an appointment tomorrow. I&#039;m fed up with these strange mood swings."
"Started this 4 days ago. 
So far so good!!
No symptoms "
"I have sacroilitis on my left side, there a bunch of stuff going on in my back that boils down to narrowing of my canal so there&#039;s contact at L5 and S1 nerve roots.  I&#039;m 37 years old.  The pain started out of the blue upon waking one morning, mid-Nov &#039;14.  

I&#039;m grateful for this medication because it makes life bearable.  I&#039;m able to get in my car.  Before this med, I often times had to lift my leg in because it hurt so much.  I can grocery shop for 20-30 mins and not feel so bad making my husband do everything.  I can cook!   

My only gripe is that it only seems to work for 5 days."
"With every online review you have to take with a grain of salt. Everyones bodies are different. I was prescribed with tri-sprintec when I was 15 and have been using it for the last 5 years. I rarely had any skin problems, besides the monthly pop-ups everyone gets. Stress, food, genetics and physical health are contributors to breaking out too. I didn&#039;t gain any weight, I didn&#039;t get sick (unless I took it on an empty stomach), and for being sexually active for a few years, with this pill I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. There are several reviews out there that are horrible, but my experience has been a good one. I am sorry for those who experiences otherwise but don&#039;t let all the negativity deter you from choosing something that could be good for you."
"I was diagnosed Thursday with Flu B the symptoms started the night before. The Dr said I would be 150% better 24 hours later. It is now Sunday and while I have managed to keep everything dosage in, it has been a struggle!! I did have a flu shot so between the shot and the tamiflu I thought I would be better off. I have not left my bed except to go to the bathroom as moving my head makes me feel like I have to vomit. I am not sure if I could say this nausea and dizziness is from the flu or tamiflu but I am afraid at this point it may be making me more sick than I would be otherwise."
"Initially I thought it was the miracle drug. Then 7 months after I started using it I started to have unusual back pain and sensitivity to my spine and numbness and tingling to the bottom of my feet. I took the ring out and started to have immediate relief and 2 days later my back pain was totally gone."
"The Chantix program worked for me. I am 53 and was a one pack a day cigarette smoker. In August I asked my doctor for some ideas to quit and he prescribed the Chantix. I took it for five weeks and continued to smoke during the first of those weeks. It really helped suppress any urges and withdrawal pains. Also, I encountered no side effects. I was able to go about my business as usual. At the end of five weeks I felt like I could discontinue this so I did without feeling any need to smoke again. I&#039;ve now been off of Chantix for three weeks and smoke-free for seven weeks. I&#039;m glad I was able to quit and I&#039;m confident that I&#039;ll never pick up cigarettes again."
"I started the meds on Oct.10 and I had severe nausea and fatigued for the first 2 weeks. I&#039;m only on week 3 but I have gained 2lbs. I exercise regardless, but I have read some reviews from ppl who say..wait until week 4 to see results.. I&#039;m praying because I have thyroid which cause you to be fatigued more than the average person already so this med added to that.. I&#039;m going to continue to take all of it.. I will respond again once I finish this first round

Hopeful"
"I was having trouble keeping an erection at age of 41. Then my doctor gave me a sample pack of 40mg Cialis.  Lets just say I made my girlfriend very happy.  The only problem is my insurance does not cover it so I pay out of pocket.  "
"To all of you freaking out right now try to relax. Just like many others I was really scared that I got my girlfriend pregnant after we had unprotected sex. She took the pill about 26 hours after the incident, her period came on time and she didn&#039;t have any major side effects. The pill works!"
"I&#039;ve had this BC for almost 2 years! And need less to say I&#039;ve been on my period ever since I got it. If it&#039;s not a heavy flow, it&#039;s spotting. I either have to wear tampons or panty liners everyday! Planning on getting it removed asap!"
"The idea of taking it is worse than actually taking it. Used Moviprep in split dosing (4pm then 2 am) to prepare for colonoscopy this morning.  The reviews here helped, so thanks! I followed the suggestion to add crystal light to the mix and it worked great. I recommend 3 lemonade packets for each litre. Drinking the mixture cold in a covered cup with a straw worked well. I didn&#039;t find it to be nearly as unpleasant as some of the other reviewers. I ate broth based soups 2 days out and had only clear liquids the day before the procedure when I started taking the mixture. It started working about 1.5 hours after my first sip."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 4 months now and at first it was great, it cleared up my acne and everything went fine, then I accidentally missed a pill and since then my face has been all full of acne."
"I have been on 50mg of Zoloft for a little over 3 weeks now. For the first week I noticed no change then gradually I was feeling better. It has given me more energy and i feel I have a more positive attitude. I was overeating a lot due to stress and depression that has completely subsided. Since I started taking it I have lost 19 pounds. That has also really helped with my depression. I am scared of my body getting used to it and go back to my regular habits. As for now I am happy."
"I got injured at work from my upper back part, affortunally it was a mucle spam, the pain make me felt on the floor but after dr. Seen me he prescribed me  hydrocodone/acetaminophen and it really works, the pain was there but not strong like the first day every time I miss a dosis pain came back but it disappear after every dose. They work very good."
"Took one pill around 11:30 at night just to try it out because I have never taken a laxative before. Then I decided to read the reviews on this website and was horrified for what was about to come. I took two ibuprofen just in case and finally got to bed around 3. It woke me up at 5 in the morning and did its job just fine in about a half an hour and I then I woke back up at around 11am and it did it again with no pain. This worked for me!"
"Had a colonoscopy yesterday and the consultant was very impressed by how well this had worked on me!

I found it tolerable to take. The first few mouthfuls are a struggle and I could not work out if it was because of the lemon smell or the taste so I tried drinking the next glass holding my nose - IMO it is definitely the salty taste that makes it hard to get down. Best advice is to drink it as fast as possible so it doesn&#039;t register so much on your tastebuds. Once it is down the lemon smell after-note is not so bad!  
Things really start to move quickly and dry toilet paper stings after a while. Use some sort of cream to alleviate it. It dehydrates too so drink water because a catheter vein (anaesthetic) is harder to find when dehydrated!"
"Completely helped me with pain from endometriosis."
"prevacid has worked great for me, the other ones do not help, so I stick to prevacid only."
"Ok I&#039;m here to ease all of your minds! I had stupid drunk sex at 2 am the day of my ovulation, and took plan b 10 hours after. The condom may have broke, so I wanted to be careful (I am not on birth control) I freaked out for the first week because I had read all these reviews where plan b isn&#039;t useful if you take it on the day of your ovulation and was so afraid I&#039;d be pregnant...throughout the two weeks I experienced like NO symptoms. The first day of taking it I was barely bloated. About a week and a half after, my boobs started to hurt and this morning I had bad back cramps but Anyway I am NOT PREGNANT! just please breathe, this pill works!"
"I had such a bad cough, with a cold, that I felt like I was going to vomit. Continual coughing attacks kept me awake at night. Got this medication, Hydromet, and my cough stopped within 5 minutes. This is a great cough medication. No problems with side effects."
"The 1st application of Xelogel burned so badly I couldn&#039;t help making pain-filled noises. What I really wanted to do was scream. I wish my Dr. had warned me. But my rash improved and each day it hurt less to apply the gel. It was amazing to see how quickly the rash disappeared."
"I have been on this medication a month and I have lost 11 lbs. With the appropriate diet and exercise this medication is wonderful. At first it did give me the gitters and a mild headache but after a few days its just fine. It controls my appetite and I have to remind myself to eat alot of the time. I also take Topamax at night time as part of my weight lost plan. I highly recommend this medication."
"I am on day 7 and I am still congested.  While the congestion is not as bad as it was it is still bad.  I&#039;m not impressed. I have never had an antibiotic take so long to work. Reading now some of the side effects I at least now know what was causing the crazy dreams."
"In the past four yours , my disease has progressed . I have been able to control my pain with hydrocodone. Recently started getting Watson 853 . The pain has returned , now stomach upset and headache . Plus tired all the time . I take 2 10 mg 325 . Now I feel I have to take more . I have read on other sites that Watson was bought by another company . What did they do ? Please let us consumers and chronic pain patients the respect we deserve , and tell the truth . We&#039;re not crazy , you changed the active binding ingredients . Was this to save money ? Well I&#039;d rather stop purchasing this placebo and deal with my pain. I just hope that no one dies by taking to much . Because I&#039;ve read how patients are over medicating to get relieve ."
"Once getting on adderall I found it gave me just enough euphoria to put down everything from alcohol to opiates, while giving me the drive and ambition to seek an engineering degree. I must warn people adderall is a stimulant, it&#039;s out of your body rather quickly (1-2 days) so addiction in the &quot;physical withdrawal&quot; sense is not much, although years of taking it will keep you relying on it -that&#039;s a PROMISE. Depending on the dosage you&#039;ll be severely lethargic and wind up sleeping a few days. Beware of the day&#039;s end, you&#039;ll likely need something to sleep, or relax which can cause problems. Despite the caution, you&#039;ll be a morning person and love it, just remember the word &quot;moderation&quot; and you&#039;ll be a new you!"
"Works great for me.  After two children I use Zarah as birth control and after endometriosis and multiple ovarian cysts I appreciate the positive effects of this medicine.  Decreases my horrid mood swings, decreases my cramps and decreases noticeable ovarian cysts.  Give it at least 1 month, you may like it.  I do have a bit more weight gain with this."
"Easy quick to use, expensive but the best product available.  All insurance companies do not cover it which is very unfortunate."
"I&#039;ve been taking saw palmetto for 16 years. I started with Nature&#039;s Sunshine (the very best) but now take Swanson just because it is cheaper. It works for me as well, despite the negative reviews. I take two capsules with breakfast and two capsules late in the evening with a snack. It does wonders for urinary stream size and for diminishing the feeling that you need to urinate. From experience, and from research, I can vouch that it does four other things as well. 1) It increases circulation, and like all herbs that increase circulation, it does thin the blood slightly so do not take it if you are on a blood thinner unless the doctor gives you permission to take saw palmetto and less blood thinner. 2) It is a diuretic. 3) It helps prevent baldness by hindering testosterone from turning into dihydrotestosterone. 4) Believe it or not, it also helps with sleep. "
"I have been on the nexplanon going on 2 years now. I&#039;ve only had 1 actual period and have spotted at least 3-4 times. This month August 2015, I have spotted once on the 4th of this month lasted for 5 days and now I am spotting again, 13th of this month. This is the first time this has happened since I have been on this birth control. I have gained quite a bit of weight since I&#039;ve been on the birth control. My mood swings have gotten a lot worse and I&#039;m always tired and don&#039;t have the energy to do anything. I always have this bloating feeling. Good thing is I have not gotten pregnant since I&#039;ve been on this birth control."
"I have been on birth control for 16 years now, Chateal for the past 6 months. This is the first pill that has actually lessened my bleeding and period pain. I have always had excessive bleeding and cramps (to the point I couldn&#039;t leave the house), this pill has changed all of that! I have PCOS and hypothyroidism, since taking this pill I have actually been able to lose 10 pounds. I would have given it 10/10 but I have been super emotional and cry a bit more than usual (commercials are the worst). No acne, no weight gain, no excessive bleeding, no cramps, no hair loss (as many reported), and the big one: I&#039;m not pregnant!"
"Every persons body is different, but I have had a HORRIBLE experience with this medicine. I switched from Lo-Estrin 24 FE to Tri-Sprintec because of the dramatic price difference, but immediately switched back after three days of feeling like I was dying. Horrible headaches, extreme nausea, black outs, and I was even randomly losing my vision. Like I said everyone is different, so you won&#039;t know until you try, but if your body is accustomed to lower doses of hormones and you switch to something higher, it isn&#039;t a good result."
"Took Benicar for 3 days. Had tightness in chest, ill feeling. Doctor switched me to Diovan HCT generic. Tightness went away and I coughed up some phlegm that was built up while taking Benicar. I am now fine after being switched to Diovan HCT Generic. Additional benefit - Benicar wasn&#039;t covered by insurance. It cost $130 per month. Diovan HCT generic by Sandoz cost me $4.00 per month with my insurance. And since Sandoz belongs to the maker of Diovan HCT. It is the same formula."
"I was put on Klonaphin and Xanax for anxiety and depersonalization when i was 16. A doctor switched me from klonaphin to lexapro without any wearing. I have horrible withdrawl from the klonaphin and almost gave up on the lexapro cause i thought it was giving me these side effects. After just a few weeks i felt great! I didnt even notice until one day i sat and thought &quot;hey im happy and i feel great!&quot; 5 years later some anxiety and ocd is peaking threw. Dont be discouraged. This medicine isnt a cure-all but it works wonders. Give it a chance."
"Taking for pain in my right shoulder."
"I have had a weight loss surgery called Duodenal Switch which requires antibiotics periodically for Small Intestinal Bacterial Overgrowth Xifaxan is the only thing that works for me months until another flare. I thank God my GI prescribed it. "
"I was prescribed this to help with my severe anxiety and in hopes it would also help my chronic pain.
I think I&#039;m allergic to it because in 2 hours of taking it I got a stabbing pain in my head and the light made my eyes burn. I could barely even say this to a doctor because along with barely being able to string two words together I had intense nausea with cramping and it wasn&#039;t until the ER had the lights around me dimmed enough for me to try and open my eyes I realized my face was pretty swollen."
"I am an adult with ADD. I took Strattera according to my doctors recommendations, starting with 25mg and upping the dosage to 80mg gradually for 6 weeks. I noticed nausea almost immediately after I started taking the medicine along with unusual bouts of tiredness. I continued with the plan as I was told some of the initial side effects would ease as my body became accustomed. The side effects began to get worse, with frequent sweats, occasional sore throat, EXTREME tiredness, and the worst constipation I have ever had. I will say that my ability to stay focused was improved dramatically, but the side effects made it impossible to stay on the medicine."
"Accutane is the best drug for acne out there today. My experience with it was amazing. I had severe acne all over my face and within a month most of my acne was gone. I would recommend this drug to anyone suffering bad acne."
"Started taking May 5, 2015 with pm pill first.. Slight headache ( but not enough for me to take anything for it), stool softer (sorry want to be honest), and dry mouth for first two days only. Today is May 9 and down 4pds...remaining side effects just dry mouth!!!!..but I can live with that we all need to drink lots of water anyways . 
42 year old female started 217 pounds, 5.8&quot;"
"I&#039;m very tall and very overweight. Six months on a controlled diet and exercise program yielded no results. My doctor put me on Victoza, suspecting some sort of metabolism issue (fasting blood sugar was a constant 101 for several years). Starting dose of 0.6 gave me a 20 minute headache each morning and left me lethargic. It got better in a week, upped to 1.2, same thing started. 20 minute headache, no energy. Again, it got better each day. Hit maintenance level of 1.8 and the weight began pouring off me at roughly a pound a day! A very effective appetite suppressant and my fasting blood sugar averages 91 now."
"Diabetes, thoughts of self-destruction , compulsive behavior,no energy, etc"
"I had gone through a two year period of Atrial Fibrillation almost constantly.  I had two ablations.  I was loading up on Tikosyn when I started going in and out of Normal Sinus.  After the second dose I converted.  Prior to Tikosyn I had been Cardioverted, with paddles, over 30 times.  In the two and a half years since I&#039;ve been on Tikosyn I&#039;ve needed that procedure once.  Only complaint is how dangerous it can be if you take it too soon after last dose."
"Incredible.  I was on Adderall for over a year.  My doctor switched me to Vyvanse four days ago.  Since day one, I have felt better than ever.  That &quot;nervous-jittery feeling&quot; (perfect description) as well as anxiety and teeth-grinding that I had while on Adderall is totally gone.  I feel &quot;normal&quot;. I am able to concentrate and focus calmly, and am no longer plagued by excessive energy.  I feel healthy, and everyone around me has noticed the positive difference in such a short amount of time."
"I hated the nexplanon. I had periods every 2 months or so which was fine but I felt like I was pregnant all the time. I had cramps, sore breasts, and my acne was awful when I have naturally clear skin. I was starting to get depression and my moods swings were so intense. It was starting to take a toll on my relationship with my mood swings/ anxiety/ and periods of depression so I got it out to see if that was the issue. I got it out and months later I feel like I finally have control of myself. I don&#039;t feel like I have whiplash from my moods, my libido is back, and my skin is clear again. I&#039;m very happy with my decision to get it out and be hormone free for a while."
"works well for my itchy skin and rhinitis. I take it daily and will continue."
"It works but it affects my ejaculation during sex. I&#039;ve been taking it for a while. It depends on how old you are for that not to matter."
"I was prescribed Lexapro for Depression, 10mg/day. I have been suffering from depression for nearly 2 years now, and I finally forced myself to seek medical help. I&#039;m only on day 3, but I can honestly notice a slight positive change already. Day 1 &amp; 2 have been a bit difficult; uncontrollable yawning, fatigued and a bit nauseated. But today, day 3, it feels like a light switched on in my brain! That light is at the end of the tunnel, meaning I have to give a little more time. If you are truly depressed, this medicine will help you."
"I did not like Generess.  It made my periods very regular (but heavy) and did prevent pregnancy well, but it made me breakout like crazy and gain weight.  I&#039;ve never had a real acne problem until I got on this pill at 20.  I&#039;ve been on it for 4 months and have has non-stop cystic acne.  This acne has been not only on my face, but also on my neck, chest, back, and butt.  This pill also made me gain 8 lbs, and I have not changed eating habits at all.  This pill has also caused me to have ridiculous mood swings and be a cranky, moody, slightly bitchy person.  Would not recommend"
"I had a hemorrhoid and was looking for something to ease the strain so I could give it time to heal. I was pretty desperate and ran across this product. I took 3 pills hoping it would work quickly. After I took the three pills I ran across this site and began to stress out with all the bad reviews. It was to late at this point and I prepared for the bad side effects, although I did take the advice of many here and drank a ton of water the first few hours. At about hour six, eight, and ten, it sent me to the bathroom. I had no side effects at all. No cramps other than nature telling me time to go, and then cramps gone as soon as I used the bathroom. I believe plenty of water is the key"
"So far Belviq is AMAZING. I did the 15 day trial offer. I started the medication on Feb 10, 2014. My starting weight was 252lbs. Today is Feb 25th, 2014. The 15th day, end of trial and I weigh 234lbs! That is 18lbs dropped in 15 days. I&#039;ve changed my eating habits, drink plenty of water, I am not exercising too much around 3x a week by walking. 
I have experienced no side effects whatsoever. My appetite is truly decreased, I do eat healthy but not big portions like I used to and I get full pretty quickly. Going to pick up the rest of the medication at the pharmacy. I have to pay out of pocket for the rest of the medication but it is truly worth it!"
"Spiriva has been a miracle for me.  Yes there is some hoarseness, sinus issues and difficulty urinating, but for me the benefits far outweigh the side-effects.  The inhalers did nothing for my COPD - Spiriva made a HUGE difference in my ability to take in air.  My illness is more emphysema type of COPD.  I love it - 2 days without it and I can tell a huge difference. With Spiriva I can breathe again."
"Its been 12 hours and my eyes are so much worse now than a day ago. The pus is coming out so fast I can&#039;t keep my vision clear. The watering of the eyes is terrible my skin around the outside corners of the eyes and under burn like road rash with alcohol poured over it. Almost feel like going to the emergency room for relief cause its just getting harder and harder to tolerate. I rated it at its current level of help and relief so if it improves I will bookmark and come back to edit."
"Just met the most amazing man that is taking this medication to stop smoking. He&#039;s been nervous about sexual side effects as a result of using this. Good news - since getting together, even via text or Skype we discovered he doesn&#039;t need it.....just talking turns him on. Touching me will eliminate and and all need for any type of medication without doubt!! Sorry burproin but we&#039;re OK...actually fantastic"
"Hypercare has seriously changed my life. I am a whole new person now. I have suffered from severe sweating for about 8 years. I&#039;m only 20 and what a waste of time by not doing anything about it until now. I received the prescription from my dermatologist and when I got the bottle and applied it at night, the next day I did not sweat at all. Talk about a miracle. It&#039;s true you can&#039;t really tell if the liquid is coming out of the bottle but with the right lighting and angle of the armpit you can tell if liquid is wetting your skin. I don&#039;t even have to use it every night anymore. I totally love it."
"I started the depo shot back in April of 2015 because my MD recommended I should, since he noticed my periods where the leading cause of my sickle cell crisis that would lead me in hospital stays for weeks ever since I had my son. My periods are gone and so is most of my sickle cell crisis, I&#039;ve lost weight and a partial part of my sex drive. I&#039;m ok with both, staying fit and managing my weight is a plus for me besides the fact that I&#039;m no longer living at a hospital which is what I used to call my home away from home. My sex drive being affected, I&#039;m ok living with that too, as my health comes first for both my child and myself."
"Ambien has helped me tremendously over the past couple years.  I go to sleep instantly and do not wake up at all during the night.  I also feel absolutely great in the morning.  No hangover or anything."
"Hello eveyone I am a 31 year old female 198 was my starting weight on October 27,2016, 6 days later I&#039;m down 11 pounds! I gave up coca cola drinking lots of water and eating smaller portions!!"
"I&#039;ve used a lot of different products for many years but unfortunately didn&#039;t really work and I&#039;m frustrated and gave up myself. And now my primary Doctor recommended me this Tri Luma and just for 3 weeks it really looks amazing. Very satisfied! This is really true!"
"Very good drug for my pain management. Causes slight drowsiness. Highly reccomended if your doctor will prescribe."
"I started adipex-p on October 17th 2015... My start weight was 189... I had gained 16 lbs prior to that due to another medication I was on... My doctor recommended trying this because I was completely devastated! I&#039;ve never weighed that much and had always maintained my weight even after having my 2 children... However the same time I started adipex-p I started doing Herbalife shakes (breakfast and lunch) and then ate dinner with my family.. I also got somewhat of a work out in daily due to working at Planet Fitness and can easily walk 10,000   steps daily due to my job description... In 1 month I lost 22 lbs! :-)"
"I just got my skyla inserted on Monday (5 days ago). The insertion was pretty painful and more awkward than a normal pap. At insertion my pain level went to about a 9 I got super hot and nauseous but it went away in less than a minute. I laid there for a few walked out an drove back to work (i had it done on my lunch break). All week I&#039;ve had severe cramps but it like a bad period when it first came. I&#039;m using a heating pad and it really helps. I haven&#039;t had this for long but I&#039;m hopeful it all turns out fine. My BC pills were $100 a month and my high deductible insurance helped none. I have about a week before I can get of the pill (it takes two weeks for Skyla to be effective)."
"My very first time to try this medication . I thought I was gonna die ! I took it last night at 7:00pm  went to bed by 10:00 pm and I was fine. I woke up at 6:00am and I went straight to the bathroom had a bad diarrhea plus vomiting . Had to drive to work with major diziziness. And had no appetite at all. I felt so weak. I was thinking maybe it needs more time and to be more patient. Till around mid day today I had to leave work because I was so nauseous that I can&#039;t function. I called my doc and she told me to stop taking it! This medication is definitely not for me. I&#039;ve tried a lot of anti depressants like this one !!!! "
"I started taking lexapro 2 years ago. I have always had bad nerves , but when my daughter graduated high school, I was suffering from the &quot;empty nest syndrome&quot;. Lexapro really helped me alot and the only fall back for me was my weight gain. I went from size 10 to 16 . I am going off from the medicine now and I think that I will do okay and if I ever have to go back on something it would be this. Good Luck!"
"I was not diagnosed with Bipolar disorder when Cymbalta was prescribed to me.  While taking Cymbalta, I was more irritable and manic. If I were only depressed and not Bipolar, I think it would have been O.K."
"Been on adderall for about 4 yrs total. I started on 20mg XR, which I thought lasted too long and I couldn&#039;t sleep at night. So I got switched to 20mg IR tablets for 3 yrs. My tolerance has grown since so I recently bumped up to 30mg IR tablets.

As a person suffering from ADHD, adderall was a life saver. I was struggling in school, could not focus at work, my room/car was a total mess, I could barely hold a conversation. Since getting on adderall none of those things are an issue. It has helped me greatly in being able to function in everyday life. It&#039;s increased motivation significantly.

My only complaint about it is the duration, IR is too short &amp; XR is too long. Also tolerance develops quickly, I can easily handle about 40-50mg at once"
"Truly a miracle pill! Starting have severe anxiety attacks out of nowhere (heart palpation, numbness in arms and legs, dizzy, tremors) and with 15 to 20 mins I feel normal again! I would advise to only take when desperately need to because I can see how they can become addictive! I take .5mg but will start to cut that in half a lower dosage is always better if it works. I have only been taking for one week, so far so good, and no side effects to report."
"I took Neurontin (Gabapentin) for three months as a treatment for chronic pain following a herniated lumbar disc a year and a half ago.  Anti-inflammatories and other medicines such as Oxycodone, Tramadol, etc. had minimal effect.

After increasing my dosage over the course of three weeks, Neurontin completely eliminated the pain.  However, I gained weight rapidly (nearly 20 pounds in 2 months), retained a tremendous amount of water, to the point where my jewelry wouldn&#039;t fit and my shoes were very tight, and the constipation was awful and even laxatives didn&#039;t help.  Also, I was fatigued all the time.  Unfortunately, the side effects were just too much for me.  I still haven&#039;t found a good replacement medicine for the pain.  All the side effects!"
"I&#039;m a Brazilian boy, 21yrs old and i suffer from mild depression and GAD.
Effexor was the holy grail for my HUGE anxiety, unfortunely it came along with sexual problems.
My doc said Luvox had a lower chance of having these kind of side effects. Its been a month since I switched to it and i felt nothing but a 70% return in my anxiety using half of the maximum daily dosage.
Still cant ejaculate neither have the same libido as i used to."
"Took this for depression and bipolar, made my mood plummet to the point feeling absolutely nothing inside. Can&#039;t move, watch tv no enjoyment from anything. Horrendous medication."
"After suffering from persistent acne for 7 years I asked my gp to refer me to dermatology (after trying everything from my docs). I first went in Oct 2014 and was put on doxycycline. Not sure why as I already tried this from my Gp but the dermatologist was adamant not to put me on roaccutane as I have suffered with depression for years! Had my review 2 week ago and I seen a new dermatologist as the previous one had left (thank god!) she wanted to put me on roaccutane with no hesitations. Had my blood test done 20 minutes later then picked my prescription up the next day :) soooo happy already! I&#039;m already seeing results and I&#039;m just about going into my second week. My face is so much clearer. I would recommend this treatment up to now x"
"I&#039;ve been using Minocycline for acne breakouts. I use it for four or five days every other month (which is my usual breakout pattern). 

The medication is very effective, but I worry about using it too often because of the possible side effect of tooth discoloration."
"This product worked well for my post nasal drip. But I felt extreme pressure in my sinuses, especially in my ears. I had terrible dry mouth which created a horrible sore throat. Not to mention I took it at night and I got terrible insomnia. I felt jittery and just absolutely horrible. I wish I read these reviews before taking it! No more Claritin D for me. Stick with the regular Claritin."
"I had been off of medication for a while, recently went to a doctor for ADHD to get meds again -- was given a script for Adzenys XR-ODT, I have had experiences with Adderall in the past while sampling medication with my previous doctor and found success. This medication at the equivalent dosage of 20mg did little to nothing for me for the first few days and eventually, nothing at all."
"This is the best medication I&#039;ve taken for a mood stabilizer.  It takes about 3 months to work at peak, but the benefits have been amazing. While some medications seem to drag you to feeling better,  this one just nudges me. I feel as if My Real personality can show through. I&#039;m stable and thinking more rationaly, without losing the ability to feel my emotions. Plus, I lost a few pounds."
"My 6 year old daughter was feeling sick. We went to Nextcare. We told the doctor she had been feeling bad for 3 or 4 days. He prescribed Tamiflu even though it says not take it to unless you have been experiencing symptoms for less than 2 days. $200 later she is worse than I have ever seen her. Watch out ,big pharmaceutical doesn&#039;t care."
"Suffering from a back injury from 2001. Over a couple of years nerve damage on left side started. Surgery done L4 and L3 was removed and replaced with an artificial substance. Cage over spine with 4 screws. Limited back movement.I&#039;m in constant pain always. Last meds on was Oxycontin and percocet for break through. Put on Zohydro ER, 30 mg. It&#039;s not working.its only been about 3weeks.Asking Doc to put me back on previous meds. It was job related injury."
"I never write reviews but I decided to share my experience with everyone on this birth control. I was so freaked out when I got this birth control because I saw all of these horrible reviews, depression, weight gain etc. I have had nothing but an amazing experience on this. I have been happier, my weight is finally staying in one range and not fluctuating, I even lost a few pounds (nothing serious but it did not make me gain). It has really been amazing and I think that if the reviews scare you, just try it. You can always switch. I was terrified but everyone has a different body and reacts differently. You never know, this might be the best thing for you."
"My Dr. prescribed me flagyl 500mg for 4 days, once a day. Before I take any meds i do a research on them to know what to expect or whats not normal, but honestly I have to stop doing this!! I read all this awful symptoms all of you or most of you were going through and I almost give up on the pill before even starting! BUt then I realize each women has a different experience, and so far the only symptom is the metallic taste in my mouth and a little dry my mouth also. I&#039;m hoping this is the last med I have to take and go back to healthy vagina because I&#039;ve being MONTHS at this, between BV or Yeast infections and its driving me INSANE. Before this pills, I used metrogel for 7days. Either it didn&#039;t work, or now I have YI. Good luck to you all!"
"Had I seen this blog years ago I would have given the depo shot a 10+ rating. I loved it! I tried a few other BC methods prior to getting depo years ago and didn&#039;t care for any of them. Finally when I first found depo I loved it. No periods, no side effects. Everything was great. I too a break from depo for about 3 months and then when I got my first injection again (about 1 and a half months ago) everything went down hill. I got it while I was on my period and then 3 days later I stopped bleeding then about 2 weeks after I started spotting which lasted a week, now it&#039;s been almost 3 and a half weeks and I&#039;m still bleeding I&#039;m constantly tired because of the lack of iron from bleeding for so long.  I won&#039;t be getting the second injection!"
"Pretty decent anti-anxiety medicine."
"As someone who had a terrible experience with other forms of birth control, I can&#039;t recommend NuvaRing highly enough! I have zero side effects on NuvaRing and can&#039;t feel it other than sometimes during sex (when we can just toss it aside for a bit). I love only getting my (now very mild) period every 5 weeks, and so far so good with preventing pregnancy. The only downside is that it is quite expensive! "
"I&#039;m a young male 26 years old.  Was a casual smoker for 7 years. Started very young at 16. Became a pack a day smoker for 3  years.  So more than 10 years of smoking.  Other reviewers are spot on about insane irritation/itching when patch is first applied to skin. This lasts for the first 20 minutes.  Do not let this deter you , try not to think about it. I&#039;m on the 21mg patch.  This is recommended for smokers who smoke at least a pack a day or more. I can honestly say you really have to be determined to stop smoking altogether.  Side note. Was a very heavy cannabis smoker as well, and remarkably the patch has also gotten rid of all cravings for cannabis as well. If you&#039;re serious about kicking this filthy habit this patch works wonders ."
"Before being prescribed sertraline I would often feel anxious, panicked, and depressed all day, everyday, at work, at home, anywhere I went. On my days off from work I would not get off the couch &amp; sometimes would not even take a shower. I would not say I am an un-motivated person, I graduated from a technical school &amp; work full time with a state licence, so I wanted to feel comfortable with my life. 
I was taking alprazolam as needed for panic attacks. Now I don&#039;t even need it. Zoloft has changed my life completely. I feel cool, calm &amp; collected even under pressure. It is great to feel confident enough to live the life I like to live. All these great changes occurred in 2 short months."
"I&#039;ve had this for almost 4 years now and I love it does its job I had my period for a couple months the first time I got it and didn&#039;t have once for 6 months to a year had spotting very rarely so I&#039;m not complaining except I was bleed Brown blood alot for weeks which really sucks and not to mention the mood swings I have but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle.Best birth control I ever had."
"Starting taking Celexa 11/08 started with 20mg and a few months later the dose is 60mg.  I was extremely tired the first week or so, and then again with every increased dose.  Overall, the drug works.  The down and out feeling is gone.  I&#039;m more laid back than usual, but I don&#039;t feel like a Zombie.  My side effects are sweating and no desire for food, both I have learned to live with.  I stopped taking the medication on my own, and suffered with the worst headaches ever.  I quickly refilled my prescription and things are back to normal."
"EASY to take. 1 ate a low fiber diet the day or two before your prep 2. Prep day. One egg in AM then Liquids all day and bone broth or chicken broth.3. Refrigerate your suprep and water. 4. Relax! Filled provided cup with Suprep and water to 1/4&quot; below the 16 oz mark and top off to 16 oz with ginger ale (real ginger ale from whole foods or similar) 5 have little triangles of lemon pre cut. I put a piece in cheek while drinking and sucked lemon after each giant gulp. Not bad that tasting.6. USE A STRAW toward back of mouth. I drank half the solution without stopping. Then did the lemons with the remaining gulps. 7. Chased with a sip or two of ginger ale. Use Vaseline in and on butt generously and often."
"Very good information."
"I switched from OrthoTricyclen Lo because I was constantly spotting/bleeding in between my periods. I am also mild anemic so my Dr. Said this would be a good option since it has a bit of iron, but also to take iron pills. My period would last 5-7 days. Now that I am on Microgestin, my periods became only 3-4 days, I still have terrible cramps, I&#039;m still spotty if I&#039;m not consistent with taking my pills on time but my skin has been clear even transitioning between the two, even though my family tends to have terrible acne, I somehow got blessed along the way. Everyone&#039;s experience is different I suppose "
"I started Vesicare 3 weeks ago. I did help me a little for my overactive bladder but my eyesight is getting very blurry. Also my myopia is worsening. I can read a book without my reading glasses now, so my myopia is worsened by -1. I am going to stop taking it and hope for my eyesight to return to normal."
"I have tried other medicines for Bipolar Disorder and some worked and some did nothing. Lithium made me feel strangely dull and sleepy the first two weeks but I wanted to give it a good chance. Around the 15th day, I woke up and felt fine, two months later I still feel fine. I am also taking 15mg of Buspirone and 20mg of Celexa. I never thought I would be able to really live until now. My moods are not extreme anymore and I don&#039;t have suicidal thoughts. It is like a switch was slipped. 
My doctor started me at a very low dosage of Lithium, I am so glad she did - I only need 300mg once a day."
"After trying gobs of anti-depressants, Xanax and the like, Klonopin along with both Effexor and Inderal has obliterated ANY and ALL anxiety and disabling symptoms plaguing my life for YEARS. I am so happy to have found a sympathetic physician who listens to my strife and actually cares about my welfare as a patient.  This combination has made me a NEW person with SO MANY opportunities in life.  This medicine has been a lifesaver and so very happy I&#039;m finally squared with my emotional and anxiety-ridden baggage.  Not a SINGLE panic attack or anxiety attack since starting Klonopin. It&#039;s really a God send after so many years of struggling and would recommend to anyone a frank discussion with his/her physician for at least a trial."
"Terrible heartburns for like 3 days, I&#039;ve been drinking probiotics and eating yogurt, and taking anti-acid medication, nothing helps. Can&#039;t wait to finish taking these horrible tablets."
"I was only on a 25 mg dose for two months. I noticed a very slight mood lift but not much else. I am currently starting a 20 mg dosage of Prozac."
"This is the only product that works for me.  The patent expires in December, 2015.  I hope it gets cheaper!"
"Lithium is a lifesaver. I had been misdiagnosed for years. When I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 was happy to finally find somewhere to start.
 People scared me off lithium with all of the side effects. I was afraid of weight gain etc don&#039;t be! All of our side effects are different. I wish I would have tried it way sooner. I&#039;m a ton happier! I haven&#039;t been this happy in years. I&#039;m a completely different person. Sure, I have to deal with stomach aches if I don&#039;t eat with it. The thirst goes down but still need to drink water - that&#039;s very important. And tests are not that big of deal."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for about 1.5 years now. I had chronic migraines for over a year before I started taking this, with no explanation as to why I was having such awful headaches every single day. Ob-Gyn recommended me on birth control, and I haven&#039;t had a migraine for 1.5 years now! I don&#039;t have any bad side affects from this birth control (that I&#039;ve noticed yet). Only having a period 4 times a year is definitely a plus!"
"I&#039;m 22 and I&#039;ve had anxiety and some bad panic attacks for the past 2 years. I&#039;m prescribed ativan (lorazapam) to take as needed. It helped a lot for traveling and definitely for shutting down panic attacks but it also gives you a lot of ups and downs. Its a benzo so it essentially just shuts you down and makes you pass out, it doesn&#039;t really help fix the problem. 

I talked to my doctor this summer about getting on an every day anxiety medicine and my mom takes prozac so I thought maybe it&#039;ll help me too. I started at 10 for a month and then increased to 20 for 2 months. I can honestly say I haven&#039;t had bad side effects at all but also it just felt like it wasn&#039;t doing anything. I just recently increased to 40 this month, hoping for the best!"
"Problems:
Nose bleed
Significant Memory Loss and confusion
Extreme Constipation"
"I have had really bad period experience in the past so I am used to the pain from cramps. On my first month when I started taking the pill my period was so painful I took 9 midols in one day. I know it was a bad idea but I could not stand the pain. I had nose bleeds (which I had never had before). My doctor said to stay on it and see if my body would get used to it. My period pains got better but I was exhausted all the time. I just wanted to sleep and I gained ten pounds. So after being on it for only five months I decided it wasn&#039;t worth it."
"I have just completed my first month on Contrave and I have lost 15 lbs!  I also made a huge diet change cutting carbs/sugars and started working out on the treadmill 30 min in the mornings.  My all day energy has really increased.  I was skimming the reviews and thankfully, I have not had any of the side affects that others have had.  I make sure to take after I&#039;ve had some breakfast, like I do with vitamins.  The only challenge I have found is getting all fours pills in.  I&#039;ve got to carry them in the evening to ensure I have them with me to take.  I have had a small bit of constipation, but I have increased my daily fiber pills and things got better.  I&#039;m looking forward in seeing what month 2 can do for me :)"
"I was placed on Sinemet CR (1 x 4 times daily) as a result of Sinemet &quot;wearing off&quot;.  I am a carer for my wife who is extremely disabled, thus I needed a medication which allowed me to still manage her needs whilst controlling my Parkinson&#039;s.  CR has worked and although I have  episodes of trembling as I get nearer the end of an 6 hour  medication cycle I am very happy with it as I am  able to tend to my wife&#039;s medical needs  and carry out cooking duties as required."
"Lexapro was a miracle drug for me as far as treating my severe health anxiety and PTSD.  It gave me my life back. I can truly say I was my normal self 98% of the time. However it caused me to have extreme muscle tension and headaches. I was even diagnosed with TMJ and was sleeping with a mouthguard at night. Weaning off Lexapro was horrific for me. It took a good 3 months for all the withdrawal symptoms to subside. Thankfully the headaches and stiff jaw got better as well. I&#039;m sad I can&#039;t take Lexapro anymore. It saved my life. I&#039;m about to start on Prozac. We&#039;ll see what happens."
"I&#039;m a 21 year old female who has been suffering scalp psoriasis since I was in elementary school. I&#039;ve tried every topic treatment on the market and cortisone injections before my dermatologist decided to put me on Humira. Everyone fails to mention, this stuff hurts, I have a high pain tolerance and the 5 times I&#039;ve injected myself (with the syringe) I can keep a straight face while I inject it then when I withdraw, I start crying. I have had minimal results but am definitely seeing improvement. I heard the scalp in particular is hard to treat, so I still have high hopes!"
"I have been on Cymbalta for almost 4 years now and it has been a lifesaver for me.  The first few weeks I had some loose stools, but that subsided.  The only problem I have with it now is keeping weight off.  I have trouble loosing weight and I think it is due to the Cymbalta.  I eat a well balanced diet and exercise.  However, due to the numerous medicines I had tried before that failed me for anxiety and depression, I will keep taking the Cymbalta.  I&#039;d rather be fat then feel the way I felt before."
"I have tried this medication but in the spanish version (clortalidona) and it works miracales. I love it , because I have a lot of fluid retention. I take it 1-2 times a week and I feel a lot lighter. You can really tell the difference."
"I got Nexplanon inserted less than a month after my daughter was born .  I am going on three years of having Nexplanon on my arm and I have not been able to have intercourse without pain.   Painful sex that makes you cry painful sex that makes you depressed because you want to feel the love but you can&#039;t because it hurts so bad .  My partner suffered he wanted to love me he wanted to have intercourse and I was so traumatized which made it worse .  I felt like my vagina muscles contracted involuntarily and the more I thought about the pain the more the muscles contracted .   The reason why I am giving this three points is because Nexplanon  did prevent me from getting pregnant but at what cost ?I also have 0 Sex Drive"
"I got a MRSA staph infection from a cut on my knee. As the infection spread all across the knee, I was admitted into the hospital. I went through surgery where they flushed the joint with antibiotics but it didn&#039;t help the infection so they prescribed 2 weeks of oral Zyvox and the infection seems to have gone away. We just can&#039;t seem to keep the swelling down. "
"Prior to starting Trulicity, I had been suffering with lower extremity lymphedema for about two years. Within one day after starting Trulicity, the lymphedema nearly disappeared."
"I love the Implanon! I have been on it for almost 2 yrs. I get it out in Dec 2015. So far I like it because I always forget to take the pill or get my shot for Depo. I decided to try it and I love it. I did gain weight about 60 lbs but its not the birth control. It was stress with home, work and family. I wont get my period for months, then one day I get it. I would have for like 2 weeks. I had it with everything like cramps, mood swings and a heavy flow."
"I had to go onto Oxycodone as I became allergic to buprenorphine patches &amp; reached the limit of how much morphine I could tolerate.  With Oxycodone my pain relief is better than morphine, the migraines are still a problem but less &#039;sharp&#039; than when I took morphine.
As I live in England I am able to take oxycodone as an extended release drug called &#039;Targinact&#039;.  It is a combination of oxycodone but also naloxone, which elimintes the biggest problem with opiates.....constipation.  Targinact works amazingly well - I can take oxycodone in high doses but with no constipation.  It is a shame that it isn&#039;t available in the US.  Although it is more expensive than oxycodone, all my prescriptions are free thanks to our wonderful healthcare system."
"Was given Tylox capsules after having back to back abdominal surgery.  Pain was greatly reduced, and side effects were low, only itching and slight drowsiness."
"I used to suffer from extremely heavy periods and cramping that interfered with my daily life. I would have to take time off work, rearrange my entire schedule and in general have an awful time with PMS before my period. Since getting my Mirena, I have had NONE of those symptoms. I finally can live my life without worry that my period will interrupt it. I do not get a period and I do not have any PMS symptoms. It&#039;s clear to me that Mirena changed my life for the better."
"In have a very rare autoimmune disease. It affects my upper body;  extremely painful.  In addition, i also have severe pain is in my legs. Specifically front of shins. It is bad enough to wake me up. Volatarin gel does helps with the pain, almost immediately. Good luck!"
"20mg a day changed my life. 
Head pain due to stress and anxiety is gone when taking this tablet and also OCD in the form of dermatillomania (finger) completely better.
I had this for about 3 years and decided to stop, the weening off was very tough, I had a good month or two of hit sweats/shakiness and agitation. However I went completely back to normal for over 2 years after that. I have now restarted Fluoxetine/prozac due to having a very stressful year and struggling to get by day to day. 1st pill and I am mellow as a mellow thing once again, goodbye stresses!"
"Made me incredibly ill for first couple of weeks.  Nothing else worked.  But this did.  No more grand mals.  Seizure free, so long as I take the prescribed dose.  There is the risk [blood tests a must for safety] and I take the max dose, so I take 6 600mg tablets a day and I am only 26/Female, so that can be annoying, but you got to do what you got to do.  I also take vitamin supplements."
"I had INTENSE period cramps and always had heavy periods that would last 3-5 days. The tri-spintec helped with a cramps and I have been on this medication for almost two years now, I have no sex drive and mild depression along with bad  weight gain and I play soccer and run 3.5 k almost every practice still couldn&#039;t loose weight. And the main reason I got it was to help with cramps and chance of cyst on ovaries, now it doesn&#039;t help with cramps anymore and I&#039;m not happy, I&#039;m switching to kyleena implant. Overall it was an ok method, never used it for actual birth conrtol, so no idea if it works effectively that way."
"I have been given many choices for my breakthrough pain medication while being on methadone but I have always stuck with the oxycodone. I chose oxycodone without Tylenol because Tylenol causes major GI upset since I suffer from Gastroparesis (delayed stomach emptying). I find it to be very effective in the combination I&#039;m on, the only downside of oxycodone I find with myself is that if it&#039;s taken by itself it can cause insomnia which I find to be very annoying."
"I have candidiasis since January 2017 every month I have it but If I had a period I don&#039;t have it. My menstruation is not always every month. I went to different clinic coz I am shy about it. Even If I have no sexual contact in a month I still got it. I am taking metronidazole 2x for 7days but sometimes I only took 4 tablets. What I will do to not have candidiasis every month?"
"I&#039;ve suffered migraines since I was 10 years old.  I am now 65 and on Atenolol for 15 plus years.  My NP took me off Imitrex because I was over using.  I was a about to explode from over use.  NP said  we should try Atenolol. My life changed dramatically, I&#039;m finally living life headache free.  I get my RX filled and get 3 month supply for $10."
"I have a fair amount of &quot;problems&quot;. Insomnia is one. I have MDD, GAD, PTSD. I take lexapro for depression and 1mg. twice a day of xanax. (You&#039;d think I&#039;d sleep from THAT)..NO...I also have SEVERE back/neck issues so I also take percocet 10s 4x day...STILL NO SLEEP. I tried them all...ambien...no...remeron...no. Serequel yes but hated the weight gain and could not function in morning,so my psych Dr said trazadone has been around forever no the effects...BS. It did NOT work AT ALL...was taking 50mg. So Dr said take 100mg...NOTHING but horrible headaches, severe nausea if I didn&#039;t eat enough, and once I finally managed to get 2-3hrs sleep it was NOT restful. Dr ALSO didn&#039;t tell me that their actually an antidepressant and take 4-6 weeks for maximum results"
"I am a 20 year old male. I have taken  Vyvanse to help me focus better on my tasks and also to improve my concentration. Vyvanse is a wonderful medication with very little negative side effects. "
"I have been on over 15 different antidepressants across every category. I have taken monoamine oxidase inhibitors (Ensam), tricyclic antidepressants, SSRIs (several - Effexor, Pristiq, etc.) and nothing worked. I&#039;m taking Welbutrin 150 mg once a day (along with the Effexor XR still at 300mg) and it is incredible. I feel amazing. Unfortunately, after 3 weeks I developed hives all over my body that were itchy. While the itchiness went away after 3 days and the hives only come out at night now, my blood work shows I&#039;m having a bad reaction to it. I also lost 14 lbs in 4 weeks (a good thing). I do feel extremely anxious and agitated at times and can&#039;t stop wiggling my foot, for example. Combined with the Effexor (which causes too much sleep), my sleep is at the right length now."
"I went on this for 2 months to see if it would offset the breakthrough bleeding I had on ortho tri lo.  I lost weight because this pill caused me to have terrible diahrrea.  It was so bad it continued after I was off of it for 6 months.  I had to see a GI dr because I thought I had IBS.  This pill caused me to be nauseous, have acid reflux and zapped my sex drive.  It caused vaginal dryness too.  I would also get terrible migraines and I NEVER get migraines or headaches.  I ended up going off of it because my body couldn&#039;t handle the side effects.   Made me slightly melancholy and tired too.

It did prevent pregnancy and no spotting.  I also had a decreased appetite and weight loss so it wasn&#039;t the worst."
"Have been suffering for 18 years before someone decided to treat me. Glucophage plus a birth control has made life better."
"I&#039;ve on the shot for two years. I received the shot a few days after my 6 weeks check up after having my baby. The first year was okay, I was still having a regular period but it was just light. Going on the second year, my period would start back like a day or 2 only after intercourse. I got to the point where I would spot every now &amp; then. My last shot, I spotted or bled for a whole month nonstop. I&#039;m just going back to the pills, I&#039;d rather have a regular period than to bleed a whole month."
"I have had Severe Refractory Full Body RLS for 10  years. My symptoms are 24/7 without medication. I was prescribed Requip and it was the one of the worst nights of my life! I was terribly nauseous and vomited all night. But even worse than that was the fact that it made my RLS much worse. I had the same results with Mirapex. My doctor tried me on several other meds. None of them worked and some made the RLS worse like the Requip and Mirapex did.
I ended up hurting my shoulder pretty badly and my doctor prescribed Tramadol. Low and behold once it got into my system the RLS was gone! I&#039;ve been taking the Tramadol every 6 hours for 9 years now and am still symptom free and doing great!"
"Pros:  Great for depression -- best medicine I&#039;ve ever taken (I&#039;ve taken everything), Cons:  Nausea (okay if taken with food), horrible headaches (they went away after a week or so), and a severe rash.  Rash did not appear until 3 weeks after beginning the medication and got much worse when dose increased from 5 to 10mgs.  I see my doc next week.  Sadly I suspect that we will have to discontinue using the medicine because of the rash......."
"Started in May I&#039;m down 20 lbs ,but it&#039;s July 20 and I feel like I&#039;m at a stand still and Its not curbing my appetite as well"
"I got the liletta placed five days ago and the insertion was way more painful than I ever remembered the Mirena to be. It was so uncomfortable that I was on the verge of telling them to just forget it. Anyway I went through with it and sucked it up. I&#039;ve been cramping, bleeding and passing blood clots since it was inserted. The cramps are not something that I can withstand for a long period of time so I&#039;ve made ibuprofen and my heating pad my best friend. Today I went to the bathroom and I passed blood clots and I waited because I felt like I was passing another huge one...however this felt slightly different from the others, and what do you know, the liletta made its way out:( I&#039;m very disappointed!"
"I have bipolar disorder and schizophrenia so I know what medical side effects are all about. My doctor prescribed me trazadone to help me fall asleep. I am on 100mg. It works miracles for falling asleep, however in the morning, I cannot wake up. If I try and force myself to wake up, my limbs barely move and I cannot hold myself up. I could not even get out of bed."
"Felt better in 2 days ! This is a miracle for me. Suffered with terrible depression for years. Also had severe anxiety and panic attacks. I have NO side effects from Celexa. It is WONDERFUL from my personal experience."
"My doctor suggested this for endometriosis. 6 months of injections, total agony. The injection itself is tolerable if the person giving it knows what they are doing. Every symptom of menopause hit me within 2 or 3 weeks. No weight gain. It did stop my periods. After 4 years of suffering and 2 of that in and out of doctors I&#039;m completely frustrated and exhausted."
"I LOVE Nuvaring. I am 17 years old and it fits into my crazy lifestyle. I am a cheerleader and quite active and the Nuvaring does an amazing job of staying where it is supposed to. I was on the Depo shot for a year and I hated it. I could never predict a period and would often miss it, but with the ring I know when it comes. Out on a Wednesday and I have my period Saturday morning on the dot. This is amazing. I suffer from various medical conditions so I&#039;m assuming I have just never noticed any side effects, but compared to other forms of birth control I would say Nuvaring is the easiest and gives the least side effects. My boyfriend can feel it but he says its not bothersome. "
"ACT was recommended by my dentist.  I have had no cavities or softening of the enamel on my teeth since I started using ACT.  I think it is one of the best products of any kind I have used, and there have been no side effects."
"I am 40 years old and have been struggling with adult acne for ten years now.  My face has always been oily and topical creams/antibiotics have only been temporary fixes. My dermatologist and I decided to finally give Isotretinoin a try. I started taking Amnesteen in September 2013. The first three months I had moderate breakouts as expected.  But in December and so far this month I&#039;ve not had any acne, with the exception of a small bump I noticed today. I just had my last appointment with my dermatologist yesterday where he gave me my last prescription.  The only side effects have been dry eyes, skin and lips but not severe at all.  Aquaphor for the lips and Cerave for my face have been awesome. So far, very happy with the results."
"I have OA in my hands, knee, and spine.  I have been taking Celebrex for over 12 years.  I have slightly high blood pressure.  It could be from Celebrex but the benefits of Celebrex outweigh the possible side effects I have experienced.  I am having a second spine fusion in a week and have to stop taking Celebrex, per my doctor&#039;s request.  I have read more positives to keep taking it through and after surgery...I dread going off it because I will not be able to use my hands.  Celebrex improves my quality of life and I recommend anyone with severe arthritis to give it a try"
"I smoked for 32 years one pack per day and I took Chantix for a week while still smoking, on the eighth day I stopped smoking. The first week was tough cause the Chantix helps but you have to decide to stop. After withdrawals for 2 weeks I got over the hill and been good since. Next week will be 2 months of being a non smoker. This medicine is worth every penny. I did have some dreams and not nauseated as long as I eat first. Good Luck to everyone. This is doable."
"Just took 1 300-30mg as a replacement for the Davorcet which was withdrawn recently.  I used that sparingly and ran out a month ago.  I have rheumatoid arthritis, &quot;fibro&quot;, osteoarthritis among other health problems so I am in some sort of constant pain daily.  My Doctor is very conservative about giving me prescription pain medicine so I am to cut in half and take no more than a grand total of 1 pill a day.  Not sure he understands my pain but I have to follow his orders.  I have to save this for my most severe days and when I absolutely have to get things done.  Use Excedrin migraine and Advil on other days."
"

I am a mother of a young adult female. Over a year ago, my daughter was healthy but took the Depo Vera shot to help her with her period. First Depo shot-an allegeric reaction, the GI issues started and became a health nightmare. As a mother, I took my daughter to every Dr imiginainable for non narcoctic meds, tried every diet, and Googled every review-no relief for almost 2 years. As her mother, I felt helpless. My daughter was in chronic pain and sickness. Until a day ago, 7/5/2017, this expensive drug (shame on your creators) was prescribed ...a miracle. Last night, my daughter slept like a baby for the 1st time in 2 years."
"I have been on Ativan or lorazepam for 7 years now. It has saved my life. My now grown children say it is my nice pill. And yes I wasn&#039;t a very nice mom when they were growing up. So it is a fare statement. I need it also as an on the spot antianxiety, for depression and nervous breakdowns."
"After suffering from Rosacea for as long as I could remember I visited my doctor who gave me a sample pack of Mirvaso. As instructed applied it the following morning after my shower. I waited (as instructed) 5/10 minutes to then apply my moisturiser. I did the same for the next 3 days and was stunned and so impressed by the results! For the first time in years I wasn&#039;t red! Unfortunately on the fourth day I became bright red in my T-Zone and worse than I had ever been. I applied it again the next morning. My face was fantastic all day but by 5.00pm that night my whole face was redder than ever before. I was in a shop and the owner asked if I had high blood pressure (I don&#039;t) because I was so red! I have stopped using it"
"Hello!  I am actually starting to feel like my old self again.  :)
I started taking hydrocodone 10/325 4x a day 4yrs ago 1st due to c-section then found it helped my back pain from bulging discs and found a pain Dr.  Well same for me , the 4 was not enough.  When I ended my horrible relationship with hydrocodone I was up to 10 pills a day.  I started stealing from my boyfriend&#039;s pill bottle and then started buying off of the street!   I&#039;m a mom of 3 gorgeous children. I couldn&#039;t believe I got to this point!!  It&#039;s all I ended up knowing. I couldn&#039;t function without it!  It ALMOST ruined my life.  Finally I decided enough was enough and went to the ER after withdrawing for 8 hrs.  This was about 6 days ago .  Patch saved me!!!!!!"
"Was gardening, got splinter while planting in side 3rd joint of right middle finger. 4 days later area is warm, tinder, and with a slightly swollen reaction and tightness up to the middle knuckle. Was given Sulfameth/tmp 800/160 twice daily for 10 days. 1st day after, swelling has stopped progressing. At day 4, all swelling, tenderness, and warmth are localized to just around the cuticles and the flesh of the finger tip. Looks to be receding. Unsure if there is pus or just swelling. Saying hydrated with warm soaks. I want to avoid abscess if it is pus. Once I get an abscess, I&#039;ll be using a small gauge needle or go to the Urgent Care to have them drain it.
I have not had complications, no allergies, stomach, or headaches."
"This is by far the worst pill prescribed for sleep! !! I felt anxious  irritable. ..heart was racing headache  and my blood pressure increased  along with abdominal discomfort and muscle pain. And if I I do fall asleep  it&#039;s for an hour or so  and I&#039;m up for another hour and find it very  hard  to fall back to sleep . Never again !! this pill is not  for me!!!"
"It took me a couple times, but after taking Chantix for a week, I am now over 5 years without nicotine.  I would take 1/2 pill at night before bed, it worked!!!"
"Good"
"Early days as just starting this due to mirtazapine not working, difficult to rate yet but have high hopes for some relief from daily anxiety,  affecting being unable to socialise and continue with normal life.  Tried CBT but after 20 sessions no better. Your website is helpful with others experiences giving an insight.   Will post again if successful."
