"I reviewed this drug in August of 2014, also with a 9 rating. I want to update my experience, though.

I went from 180 to 140 in around 2 1/2 months. I kept it off completely for 7 months (even through winter and the holidays) after discontinuing belviq. 

However, I quit smoking 5 weeks ago, ordered about 5 lbs of gummy bears to help, and gained almost 10 lbs. I don&#039;t even care. It was worth it to stop smoking, and I started my Belviq again and it&#039;s working beautifully again.

I want to add- my favorite part of this medication is how it eliminates my sugar and carb cravings, even alcohol, and instead makes me crave salads and protein. I don&#039;t know how it does this, but it&#039;s amazing stuff."
"I am a 47 year old male who has taken this drug for 10 years. (300 mg per day everyday.)  Yes it will ease pain, but normally 2 to 3 years you have to increase it. I was medically dependent within months.  In late fall 09, the medicines just lost their effect by at least 50%.  So I was faced with a 50% increase in medicines.  I said NO!  So I tried a medical detox place to start.  After 90 hours there, they said you have done great we are sending you home.  I was so proud till 4a.m. the next day. I threw up 90 times in the next 60 hours.  I lost 34lbs. in 8 days and had severe withdrawal symptoms for 2 more weeks. It has been 30 days since I started this and I will never put that poison in my body. "
"My youngest son gets carsick after being in the car for 30 minutes. I discovered these tablets and give him a half of a pill an hour before we leave as directed, and he&#039;s golden. He does not experience drowsiness and acts like his normal self. Trips have become manageable now and I don&#039;t cringe with the puke bucket."
"I&#039;m a 45 yr old woman, diagnosed with type 2 diabetes 4 yrs ago. I was prescribed Metformin, then added glipizide, which made me gain a half a pound a day until I quit taking it 30 days &amp; 15 lbs later. Then I was prescribed Victoza. The first 3 weeks, I was sick to my stomach, all day, every day. I had NO energy at all. I would get out of bed, get dressed &amp; then lay back down - it was really THAT bad. BUT after around the 4th week, I started feeling normal again. My A1C went from 9.2 to 5.4 in just 5 weeks. Now, I am never above 130 -even after have a can of Pepsi. Also, I  lost 30lbs in 45 days. Just amazing! Suffer through the initial sickness, don&#039;t give up on it, Victoza is a life changer! Victoza website for discount card. I pay $25/month."
"We believe this medication Niaspan has caused liver failure in our father, that is what the Doctors told us so please anyone on this please have your liver function tested. It is easily doe by a blood test."
"I started taking this my senior year in high school, and after 6 months on it, my GPA has come up at least 1 point! I take it during the week, and I have no problems with headaches or loss of appetite, and it helps wake me up and keep me up. I love it!"
"So I had the ParaGuard for 2 years 2 months before I had it removed last Friday.  I really enjoyed the ParaGuard and my husband enjoyed it as well.  I had heavier periods for the most part while having the IUD inserted.  Up until recently my periods where retiring to normal.  Now your asking why did you have it removed?? I noticed that I was a weeks late for my period and I had breast tenderness.  So I thought to myself no way or can I really be pregnant?  So I took a pregnancy test a week and two days ago and of course it was positive.  I thought to myself I have two kids already I&#039;m almost 33 and I have an IUD how can this be.  So if you get the IUD just keep in mind you could be part of the 1% that gets pregnant like me."
"It cured my MRSA."
"My husbands ins. keeps changing the quantity allowed a month, he also takes 4 mg dilaudid for breakthrough pain. Now they are rejecting a prescription that is for the same exact amount except that instead of 10- 100 mcg patches &amp; 5-50 mcg patches(i don&#039;t know why they won&#039;t give him 10- 50&#039;s like the Dr. prescribes) she wrote it for 20-75mcg 2 q 3 days. The reject message says maxium daily dose of  0.36 isn&#039;t this the same as 1-100mcg &amp; 1-50mcg q 3 days?"
"Absolutely LIFECHANGING. I honestly don&#039;t know what I would&#039;ve done without this drug. I tried a handful of other antidepressants that made me feel emotionless and lethargic, but Trintellix allows me to function like a normal human being without the zombie-like symptoms. I used to have panic attacks every single day and I haven&#039;t had one in over six months. There are still bouts of anxiety, but the severity is nowhere near the crippling anxiety that I used to experience. It&#039;s a miracle. I can actually live a normal and fulfilling life again. 

The only downside is the weight gain (about 20 pounds for me, even with exercise everyday and healthy eating) and the intense nausea after taking it every night. Not the best, but certainly worth it."
"Keppra was fine for me at first (500 mg twice a day) for 2 months. I suffer from complex partial seizures and experienced a grand mal recently. Then I experienced extreme tiredness, confusion, headaches, greatly increased my depression, could barely go from my bedroom to the living room (never mind managing leaving my house). I had to go back to my neurologist to get switched off such a horrible drug for me. Aptiom (once a day!) so far is a better choice for me."
"I have been on xulane for 3 months now and I love it. Before I started my periods were bad with headaches, cramping, and heavy flow, after the first month my periods dwindled and now I only need light pads, I rarely cramp and have maybe one headache. However I do get some redness and irritation on my skin, trouble with the patch adhering to my skin and also my eating habits have changed dramatically, sometimes I&#039;ll be starving and when I see what I&#039;m about to eat I lose any urge to eat. I would recommend it but be sure you remain aware of your body."
"Mirtazapine is a miracle, but you have to take a SMALL dose, meaning about 7.5 mg to 15 mg, no more than that.  Larger doses cause too much adrenaline release, so if you gave up on Mirt before, try it again with a pill splitter at a very small dose, just before bedtime.

It will help you sleep, and it has virtually the opposite side effects of SSRIs, meaning no sexual side effects, and no anxiety increase (only decrease).  I take it for debilitating anxiety just as I described."
"Suffer from fibromyalgia,two bulging disc, sciatica,restless leg syndrome. It usually takes me an hour or two to function in the morning. Have been on tramadol since it first became available.will continue to use this amazing medicine as long as my Dr prescribes it."
"I have been dealing with anxiety and depression for a few years. Got prescribed Xanax and Celexa. I was doing really well taking the Xanax but as soon as I would take the Celexa I started getting really sick. Real bad migraines, dizziness, fever with sweating. I am now being switched to Paxil, hopefully it will work for me."
"Truly a life saver. I take 1.0mg on an as needed basis. I like it that it doesn&#039;t give me a hang over and it is short acting for me- usually lasts 4 hours. Klonopin works the same but is longer lasting and a little stronger."
"Stelara is a life saver.  I have psoriasis for over 30 years. I have tried creams, PUVA, Vit A meds, Fumiderm, Otezla nothing has worked. My last med Otezla didn&#039;t work for me and made things much worse. I had my first Stelara injection on May 7 2016. After about 10 days I could feel an improvement. After 4 weeks there was a dramatic improvement and I was almost clear.  It is 9 weeks since my second injection and my life has changed in so many ways for the better thanks to this medicine.  There is a slight redness where some of the patches were but the dermatologist assures me these will fade. I have no side affects whatsoever. Thank you for this life changing medicine and for restoring my self esteem after all this time"
"I been on norco everyday for 10 years, was on 10-12 pills per day for chronic pain. Without clonidine I would be hurting like hell.  I went to detox at the hospital &amp; left after 14 hours, they wanted me on Suboxone, which is good but its just another high to kick after, been there done that, I don&#039;t need a migraine headache as well. Suboxone causes headaches &amp; Suboxone is hell to get off. Best bet is to stick with clonidine pills. 1st day 01mg x5 2nd day x4 3rd x3 4th x2 5th x1, your 6th day can be 1, or none, you decide. The only withdrawal symptoms I have from norco is minor diarrhea, minor pain in stomach, no eating for days, hard to get to sleep but its possible...and day 1 i had depression, but I&#039;m over it now....LIFE SAVER"
"I tried other medicine that did not work and costed me over $100.00. I tried the Taclonex liquid in a bottle for my scalp and applied to my legs. My scalp cleared in a week, my legs are coming along very well. The dark patches have completely vanished. When I went back to my doctor he was very impressed and so was I. I asked for a prescription for the ointment for my legs and use the other on my scalp on a as need basic. My doctor office also gave me the prescription card, I&#039;m able to get 6 bottles of liquid for my scalp and 6 ointments for my legs."
"Was on warfarin for 20 years. Have had major complications from it. Got changed to clexane injections twice a day. ( yay no INR monitoring ). 
But  was recently changed over to apixaban. Zero side effects changing over.. but I&#039;m a few months in now and OMG the hair loss is crazy."
"I&#039;ve been on hydromorphone 2 mg (Q 4 H), oxycodone/APAP 10/325 mg (Q 4-6 H), and OxyContin 40 mg daily for an accidental amputation. After landing myself in the hospital for diabetes related illnesses, my doctors became concerned about me not having a bowel movement. They used Relistor as a last resort, and although it didn&#039;t work immediately, it worked the next day. I&#039;ve been going nonstop since!"
"Implanon is EXTREMELY effective. I have had it 3 years, I&#039;ve never had any of those weird mood swings. Nor have I gained an abnormal amount of weight. I do have a period, but its only 3 days a month."
"I was prescribed Paxil 10mg for Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder. I&#039;ve been taking it for two weeks and I feel so much better! It also helps with my social anxiety as well. I feel calmer, centered and more assertive. It makes me less emotional and somewhat experience &quot;flat effect&quot; which could be bad in certain situations. In first two days I felt very nauseated and couldn&#039;t eat and lost 5 pounds however I noticed my appetite has increased and I&#039;m watching my weight! So far so good.
(Note: SSRI&#039;s works differently on pre-menstrual women and improvements is seems in the very first cycle at least in my case)."
"I have had Crohn&#039;s Disease for 18 years. I was extremely ill for the first 8 years. My doctor put me on Methotrexate, and I got better, but not &quot;well&quot;. Then, Remicade came out. I have been getting infusions every 8 weeks for over 7 years, and it has saved my life. I will say, though, that at one time they hoped to wean me off of the Methotrexate, but I started having flare-ups and the time between infusions was increased. Since I am back on the Methotrexate and Remicade, I have had no problems at all. Yes, I know my immune system is very weak, but I avoid anyone who is sick, and try to get enough rest when I can. This combination of drugs has worked for me and I hope I have helped someone out there! You may need something else with Remicade. "
"I have been in this mini pill about 2 months now. I must say it has really been a challenge for me. So week one I waited until my period was over to start the pack. 2 days later I started my period all over again. Which I was told. It&#039;s called breakthrough bleeding. So that went on for 3 more days. Started week 2 of my pack on Tuesday. I started all over again. 3 days bleeding. 3rd week same thing Famous Tuesday same thing. But I kept on taking the pill I was told my body has to get used to it. 4th week to my surprise no show Tuesday of that week. I was excited. Started the new pack .And Famous Tuesday all over again. This time I guess this was my regular period. And I have been on my period for over a week maybe I need something else."
"My wife started a course of Bydureon in the summer. After 3 months she had not only lost weight but her A1C went from 9  6.something. She felt healthier and had no severe reaction. I went on it when I saw how it worked for her. It affects your appetite and you can avoid junk food without and compulsion to eat it. No problems at all except for constipation. I&#039;ve lost 20+ pounds in three months and have gone down a few inched on the waistline. Very expensive drug with a month&#039;s supply being over $1600 but my insurance covered it for both of us."
"I took Plan B One Step 7 hours after intercourse (pull-out method,no bc) on day 12 of my cycle (usually ovulate day 14-16, sometimes earlier). The first 24hours following I was very warm, dizzy and extremely tired. I stayed very tired for the following week. About one week after taking the pill, I had breast tenderness and some slight cramps from time to time for about a week. This made me concerned I was pregnant. I took two HPTs... One 10 days following intercourse/pill and the other 12 days later, both negative. Period started 13 days following the pill (5 days earlier than expected). It is heavy and dark and I am relieved."
"I have been taking 25 mg Tenuate for almost 3 weeks and I am gradually losing weight. So far lost 8 lbs. My physician prescribed a water pill. I am definitely watching what I eat and making better food choices when I do eat, i.e. low in fat and lots of veggies.  I have absolutely no side effects and I can easily sleep at night. So far so good."
"Unable to urinate."
"My family Doc put me on sertraline due to anxiety. For some unknown reason, I developed driving anxiety. I also had PSD. Initially, it was suppose to be a 9mos treatment. 25mg for 3 mos. After the 3mos, the dose was increased to 50mg. It worked great in reference to my PSD but there was only a 10% improvement on my driving anxiety. Right before the 9mos, I had some difficult family situations where I ended up self increasing the dose to 100mg. Eventually, i saw my Doctor in my nxt folllow up and he wasnt happy with me for increasing the dose...but ended up on prescribing the dose at 100mg. Now I have been on sertraline for 2 years and a few months and I feel that my driving anxiety is coming back and even worse."
"I was put on Prednisone (20mg) twice a day for 7 days after an asthma attack. It made a world of difference for me. I noticed a difference in a matter of a few hours. The only side effects I had were euphoria, insomnia, and severe body aches after the course ended. I&#039;d rather deal with the side effects than not be able to breathe."
"I have been using Drysol for close to 16 years now... I love it.  My story is very similar to several I have read on this site.  I had a terrible problem with underarm sweat - to the point of putting wash cloths under my arms.  It was so bad I could not wear sweaters in the winter because I would soak them.  When I started using Drysol I had the typical itching and burning for a few weeks.  The more I have used it the less the problem.  Now, I only itch if I get too far out from under my arm pit and put the solution on skin not used to it.  When I first started using Drysol I was an every other day user.  Now, in the winter I can go 6 to 8 days.  In the summer I go 3 to 4 days - I live in Atlanta, GA and we reach 98 yesterday."
"I had an eye test and found that my vision was much worse.  While waiting for my new lenses she gave me Xiidra eye drops and a coupon, plus some Systane eye drops that I used just over a month (33 days). After a month of Xiitra/Systane my vision changed drastically. She ran another eye exam and showed me the difference of both exams. My last exam was perfect compared to a month ago which was unrecognizable letters. The best insurance offered my wife as an RN won&#039;t cover Xiitra. That&#039;s $500+ a month to you and me."
"I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in 2008. I was put on methotrexate almost immediately. My first stab at a TNF inhibitor went well for about a year. Then, there were a couple of tries with different meds (including the dreaded prednisone for flares). My PA thought that we could &quot;do better&quot;.....so, I researched and she researched....together, we came up with Actemra.  The stiffness in the morning is GONE!  I haven&#039;t flared in over a year!  I&#039;m SO lucky to have found Actemra.
The only thing that kind of bugs me, is that the week before my next infusion is due, I get a little stiff and more tired than usual."
"I have a small either cyst or some type of mass on back of neck under skin. Doctor said it could be due to some type of staph. He prescribed me Bactrim aka as sulfameth.trimethoprim. He said two weeks to take this and if it does not go away we will need to Lance it. Which in a way I&#039;m glad, it bothers me. Anyways I went to pharmacy to get my medicine and went home.  I actually started the same day taking my pill. Friday Saturday and Sunday I felt ok. But come Monday about 3 am I got up and had diarrhea, multiple times I felt nauseous &amp; achey . 7 am I felt it in my throat I vomited  and after that I had a horrible headache. Can&#039;t eat, I feel as though my joints are stiff.  Doc is changing my meds. No sulpha again !"
"I love gildess! I&#039;ve been on spironolactone and two topicals and then later solodyn for acne. I had good results, but I finally decided to try this. I have only had one pimple since taking gildess, and it was minor. I&#039;m so glad I started this medication! I have had sort of weird periods since I&#039;ve started it is the only downside, but I&#039;m on month three and the doctor said that can happen for the first three months anyway. I highly recommend gildess! I&#039;m a 25 year old female who has been struggling with acne for at least 12 years, and I&#039;ve tried other birth controls for acne as well."
"I have been taking birth control for 10  years due to surgery at a young age. I can honestly say that Junel almost ruined my life. I became completely depressed on this medication, but blamed that on the fact that I just moved 1,000 miles from home and I was homesick. Then I started to realize that there was a pattern. I&#039;d get extremely anxious and depressed for a few days and then it would subside (somewhat) for a week or two. It got to the point where my anxiety was so bad I could barely breathe and making it through a day seemed impossible. I talked to my gynecologist and had my pill changed. I am a completely different person now and thankfully got off of this medication before it claimed my life."
"Age 9 told had IBM ulcerative colitis.  Was put on prednisone for 1 year, went I to remission. Was told may have to have colon removed by age 18year old. And would more likely end up with most side affects. Have had stomach troubles through out the years. Age 19 my thyroid died. Was told it&#039;s like batteries drained of all juice. Started taking thyroid med. Weight up and down for years. Now age 38 years old, past few years more weight gain. And skin ulcers. My testarone levels have been bad. Had to do the shots for this. But mood swings where horrible.  Having so much trouble with my levels and thyroid. What else can I do and is most of this true side affects. Also very high blood pressure, started after a bad accident which had blood clout"
"In the last 6 months I have had 2 total knee replacement surgeries. My left knee first, right knee 3.6 months later. It is a very painful - actually excruciatingly painful surgery. I have found that Percocet 10/325 is the most effective for pain relief after the first 2-3 days, depending on the hospital stay. Doctor&#039;s are skittish about prescribing Percocet &amp; want to prescribe Vicodin which I can&#039;t take because it makes me hyper. I have had problems with some generic oxycodone 10/325 however but the brand is too costly. Sometimes pharmacies don&#039;t - won&#039;t carry the 10/325 at all and they are restricted to a monthly quota as well so at the end of the month it can be hard - to fill the Rx. Wrong for legitimate pain pts."
"I started smoking August 28 1983, tried to quit several times. Took Chantix for 3 weeks haven&#039;t had the thought or care for a smoke since February 14 2014."
"I got put on this medication about 3 days ago and my first time taking it was in the morning. There are two side effects I&#039;ve had, the first day taking it I felt kinda nauseous and I threw up, but after that I was completely fine! I also have had a decreased appetite, but in my opinion that&#039;s a good thing, considering I want to lose a bit of weight. I was suffering for major depression, and got put on this medicine because I was caught in the middle of attempting suicide. But since I&#039;ve started this, I haven&#039;t had a single suicidal thought! I would definitely recommend this. Although ive been on it for just a few days, I already discover improvement."
"Have battled depression off and on for several years. Lexapro has proven to be extremely effective for depression and anxiety although requiring a 20 mg dosage.  Minimal side effects as well."
"I have had migraines for the last 10 years. At first Excedrin Migraine worked, but when it stopped working, I took sumatriptan 100mg instead. In the last 2-3 years, I was getting migraines up to 14 days a month so I saw a neurologist for a preventative medication. I first tried nortriptyline which did not work. Then I tried nadolol 20 mg/day and ramped up to 40mg/day. Within the first few weeks of being on it, migraine frequency and severity was reduced. I have been on 40 mg/day for 4 months now and have only had about one headache per month. I also have a head tremor which has reduced slightly. I feel a bit lightheaded at times, but that side effect is minor. Wish I would have tried nadolol years ago. Migraines don&#039;t run my life anymore."
"Alongside almost daily ultrasounds, it was the only medicine which allowed me a full term pregnancy. The same as Profasi or other HCG meds."
"I&#039;ve lost over 25 lbs! I started out at 197.6 today I&#039;m at 172.0. I&#039;m using the scale down program at the same time and it really helps me correlate my choices with what I see on the scale the next morning. What Contrave has done for me is taken the high away from eating. I don&#039;t crave that feeling of being stuffed, and I also don&#039;t think about food 24/7 any more. When I eat, I eat for fuel not for pleasure, it&#039;s just a different mind set. It is really like a weight that has been on my shoulders for almost all my life has been lifted. I also have found it much easier to stick to an exercise routine. Only downside I&#039;ve noticed is constipation."
"I started this pill a week ago due to Stage 3 Endometriosis.  I am having pregancy like nausea. It is all day. The only way to fix it is to continually eat. If I did that I would pack on the pounds. It is also making me feel weird in my head. Like I cannot focus. I would not recommend this at all."
"I used to have to use an enema 2-3 times a week, but now I take 145 microgram capsule with hot coffee in the morning. After about an hour, this usually results in several trips to the toilet. But (no pun intended), once I&#039;m done, I&#039;m done! Waiting for the BMs to finish is a pain in the bottom, but overall it works for better for me."
"I was put on this primarily for debilitating menstrual cramps and I&#039;ve been on it for 5 months now, going on my 6th
I noticed a little bit of weight gain/bloating in the first three months or so, but that has stabilized.  My breats have gained a cup size.  My sex drive has stayed the same.  I still have some intermittent bleeding, but I think that&#039;s my wacky menstrual cycle, not the pill.  On the whole it&#039;s helped me a lot getting the cramps and PMS symptoms under control.  No pregnancy is also a great thing.  

Overall, my life has been improved with Microgestin, even with the minor side effects."
"I have discontinued use of contraception pill and started losing hair at crazy rate, it was too depressing seeing all my long brautiful hair disappear. I have never experienced shedding like this not after both my pregnancies. Just a week ago finally consulted a hairloss proffessional, who recommended Minoxidil. Its not my imagination!!! Shedding is slowing down and its been a week. Use twice daily. I find thou I need to apply couple hours before washing my hair as it makes it look greasy"
"Xanax is a medication that must be taken seriously and with precaution. This is not a game. Taking it when you don&#039;t need to will only create addiction and the withdrawal is worse than living with the actual anxiety. Please don&#039;t take this med unless you suffer from anxiety and you are having a panic attack. It works well in these situations but my advice is to stay away from it and only take it in an emergency. I prefer lorazepam. When you take lorazepam the withdrawal symptoms are more tolerable than xanax. Xanax is awesome but it can become Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. You can die from this or get a DUI if you are caught in a driving accident. This is serious."
"This is the best medication for any cold or sinus problems and associated headaches. Easy to use and takes effect quickly."
"The taste it leaves in your mouth is horrible, but I have been on it along with Cipro since Saturday and as of this morning could tell a big difference in how I feel.  The soreness in my lower stomach is almost gone and until today it has been unbearable.  It leaves a metallic taste in your mouth, takes away your appetite and made me feel nauseous but I would take it again if I had another flare up with the Diverticulitis it seems to help."
"I was diagnosed with Hashimoto&#039;s about seven years ago, nine months after giving birth.  I was so tired, losing hair, had terrible brain fog and was very irritable.  My doctor placed me on Levoxyl 110.  My symptoms went away fairly quickly (2 weeks) but then I started having panic attacks.  She reduced me to 88mcg and the anxiety went away.  I stayed on that dose for the next seven years.  Though my blood work showed normal, I was still always cold, found it hard to wake up in the mornings and would feel lethargic after workouts.  I convinced my new doctor to let me try the next higher dose - 100mcg.  I feel so much better now.  My feet are never cold, I don&#039;t lose hair and I am back to being a morning person. Blood work AND symptoms must be addressed."
"I love Skyla!! Yes it is painful to get put in but it is so worth it. Honestly the pain lasted 2 mins tops however I did have a little bit of cramping the next day. I drove myself home and was completely fine. I&#039;m 24 with no kids and have no problems with it. Before I got skyla I read all the reviews and almost talked myself out of it. I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t. Def worth the 2 mins of pain to get it inserted."
"My doctor prescribed me this medication after I had been suffering in silence for almost 10yrs with extreme anxiety and depression. It has totally changed my life, my everyday thinking and my overall mind set. I no longer worry about my anxiety attacks and feel I can take on all the normal things in life. Things just keep getting better. I have no intention of stopping taking this medicine, as I went without for a few days a while ago and felt rubbish, with all the old feelings back. Its worked miracles for me, I just wish I had started taking it years ago."
"Amazing, a bit of breakthrough bleeding in the beginning but only if I forgot to take it at the same time. Really short periods but I did lose about 8 pounds after going on it"
"Amazing. I&#039;m 45 years old average build no medical conditions to speak of but had low Testosterone due to major work drama and stress. That took away from being able to make us both happy when the time came, told my urologist I didn&#039;t think testosterone replacement theray was the answer because eventually the stress would settle and I would be stuck taking T shots the rest of my life. He gave me a 30 pack of 5mg daily Cialis and said give this a try. Took it the first time last night. Full stomach and even a couple drinks and 30 minutes later we were staring into each others eyes smiling.  Works better than I imagined and almost on demand. Since this works that well I won&#039;t take daily but as-needed. Thanks to all who suffered or studied to find this medicine."
"I started taking this medication once a day at 40 mg so far I definitely have seen changes and some people say my face looks better but it has only been about 15 days. Some side effects I have is back pain and muscle pain, dry face and lips, and a weird skin infection that looks like ring worm but is just an infection. I hope it all gets better soon though."
"I been on Nuva Ring for 2 months. I love the ease of it. It is so nice to just forget about it for a few weeks and then take it out and have your period. The down side for me though, was that I became moody the first few days then that got a little better. During intercourse it would fall out. And also sometimes I could feel it slipping, but never fell out. But one the the side effects I have that I don&#039;t like is no sex drive. He wants me on something but if these are the side effects I&#039;m going to get I don&#039;t want to be on anything. Also a good upside to the ring for me is it helps me gain a little weight as I&#039;m a little under. All in all it&#039;s pretty good other than the few side effects I am having."
"I used to wear contact lenses. In a recent eye exam, my optometrist applied 0.5% tropicamide and 0.5% phenylephrine (Myfriin-P) on my eyes. She did not warn me to wear sunglasses after check-up. My eyes exposed to intense sunlight 15 minutes afterwards without sunglasses. Then, I suffered eye pain for almost 2 months now and severe dry eye. 

I read many information afterwards. Corneal permeation of Tropicamide may enhanced by  phenylephrine and may enhanced also its strength. Sun exposure further complicated the harm."
"Yes it is absolutely useful for infectious acne. It is one of the best and also less harmful."
"i had Mirena inserted a week ago after D and C and hysteoscopy at the same time. I was under a general anaesthetic so can&#039;t comment on pain on insertion. I started bleeding between periods and after sex about 2 years ago. It got increasingly worse despite medication and tranaxamic acid. It would always come back..with a vengeance! I Had hormones tested as the doctor suspected peri menopause but my hormones showed I was nowhere near menopause.My iron was super low too.Ultrasound showed small cysts on ovaries and also thickened uterine lining and a small polyp. After having the procedures last week and the Mirena fitted I feel like a new woman! Had minor cramping for 24 hours and have only had slight spotting since. Nice to feel normal after so long!"
"Been taking this for 2 years now, 5mg, for my MVP and high blood pressure caused by stress and anxiety. I still have anxiety problems from time to time, but my usual blood pressure has dropped from 165/100 to 135/75. Wanted to lower it even more, but cannot seem to do it, with my all-worriying nature. Tachycardia is also gone. I have no troubles sleeping like I had before, no major problems. The only negative side-effect that i seem to feel is falling low on energy on some days. So if you are operating heavy machinery or are an avid athlete, I wouldn&#039;t recommend it. Otherwise I would, it helped me alot."
"Diagnosed with bipolar disorder 7 months ago, this medicine is the first that has actually WORKED. Tried Lamictal, Depakote, Trileptal, etc. I was prescribed Geodon 2 months ago it stabilized my mood, staves off depression and gives me hope for a normal life.

However, I&#039;m unusually forgetful (unusual for me) and confused (er, more than usual for me). I don&#039;t remember dreams or anything that happens for 6 hours after I take it at bedtime. Also noticing that I bruise very easily and I&#039;m sweating ALL of the time, strong smelling urine. "
"The first antibiotic I took did nothing, so my doctor put me on Cephalexin AN. Within a few hours my symptoms started to subside, probably about 5 hours later. I&#039;m now on the second day and I feel back to normal after 11 days of what seemed like hell. It makes me feel slightly nauseated but it&#039;s worth it. Make sure your taking probiotics as antibiotics kill good and bad bacteria."
"I take 5mg prior to sexual activity. This dosage produces strong and lasting erections. Mild side-effects are tolerable (blushing sensation, mild stomach upset). Great product."
"I have been on Contrave for 7 weeks and have lost 10 lbs with no change in exercise.  It has suppressed my appetite.  I have had no side effects other than a bit of an upset stomach for an hour on 2 different days, which went away after I drank some water.  I am very happy with it.  I wish I had started taking it a long time ago. It is worth the money.  Now I just need to ramp up my exercise so I will drop the weight more quickly. I highly recommend this product."
"I have never written a review about a product until now! I&#039;m a 34 year old female &amp; started getting chin acne in my late twenties- nothing helped, I tried everything from Proactiv to Tretonion to antibiotics! About 4 months ago my dermatologist put me on Atralin &amp; oh my what a difference in 4 months! I even go without makeup now! I never get a pimple now it&#039;s wonderful &amp; it makes my skin look Dewey &amp; hydrated not dried out &amp; flakey as with the Tretonion I tried. Highly recommend Atralin!"
"I used Yaz before I quit to start a family. I used it for maybe two years with no negative side effects. I have used others in the past and hated them. With Yaz I had clear skin, no mood swings, I loved it. About a year later I was losing weight. I was more skinny than I had ever been after high school. I can&#039;t wait to go back on it as soon as I am done breastfeeding."
"It gave me a bad headache and didn&#039;t take away my pain."
"I just finished my first pack of these pills and I have been on my period for two whole weeks straight with no sign of it stopping. I don&#039;t know what went wrong but I hope I get regulated soon. Otherwise, I have had no side effects. I have read mostly good reviews about this pill so hopefully it works wonders once my two week period ends."
"I found Xenical to work very well. True it did have side effects, but that was a good motivator to make healthier food choices. When I was food wise, I didn&#039;t have any problems. I lost 10 pounds in 1.5 months walking 10,000 steps per day and eating healthy.

I did get the headaches associated with the side effects, but they weren&#039;t as bad as my normal sinusitis headaches, so it was do-able.
I would recommend this to anyone in conjunction with a healthy diet and exercise. Exercise is a must, because this does not speed your metabolism up.

Have faith, stay strong and you can do ANYTHING you put your mind to."
"Detrol medicine is the best thing ever made,having freguent urination and leakage. It has helped me tremendously."
"I&#039;m a 37 yr old female.I used from the age of 15-30 I&#039;ve been on methadone for almost 7 yrs and I am so grateful. If I  hadn&#039;t go on methadone I&#039;d probably be DEAD! If used the way it&#039;s supposed to be Methadone is a life saver. The only reason I didn&#039;t give it a 10  is because it&#039;s also very hard to get free of but I&#039;d rather be in Methadone my whole life than be on Heroine. I wouldn&#039;t last to long if I ever got hooked on heroine again. Don&#039;t be scared to try it, it&#039;s a life saver."
"I started Phentermine on 4/18/12. Starting weight at 170 lbs. I started taking it because having changed my diet and exercising, I could never lose weight. I have always had an athletic build, but after my third child, I could not lose the weight and gained more. So when I started phentermine, I changed my diet again, starting with a light breakfast such as oatmeal, one hour after I take the pill. Every few hours I have a light meal. And I exercise about 2 hours a day. Usually walk 2 miles and then an hour of weights. I just started my 4th week on phentermine and have lost 17 lbs. All phentermine is really doing is training me on how to eat properly again. Weight loss is about portion control and exercising."
"I have been depressed my whole life. A few gears ago I contracted HIV and that sent me over the edge. I lived in a personal hell for years and was hesitant to take an antidepressant. Within two days of taking it I was a totally different person. It was like my eyes had only seen black and white. My life is now full of color and I am so grateful that there are people out there that design medicines like this. I will never stop taking Lexapro. If you are depressed please give antidepressants a try. Don&#039;t wait for years to get help when it is available!"
"I took this on March the 7th, after having a condom break. My gynecologist is the one who suggested this pill. I took it about 12 hours after the broken condom, so I was well within range. At first, I was nervous thinking about the worse case scenario. Within one week of taking the pill, I noticed a brownish type of discharge. I had heard about this from other reviews so I wasn&#039;t too worried. Then for the next four days, my body felt very premenstrual. Then today, I got my period. It is a week early, but I will take it. I would recommend this to anyone needing emergency birth control. It is $50 but well worth it. You have to get it from the pharmacist with an ID. Just one pill. I will definitely be going back on the pill full time!"
"This will work if you are patient.  I kept on losing my hair until I tried Rogaine. It was the only thing that saved me from losing most of my hair.  I was hesitant to use this at first and did not see signs of regrowth until 7 months. I kept on using this product and all my hair grew back in. I can only suggest you try this, I know how hard it is to look in the mirror everyday and see more and more hair loss. Using Rogaine brought not only back my hair but my self confidence."
"I just had my third botox treatment.  The first was great.  It was painful but worth it.  I did not retain urine or have an infection. What a relief. The second one was 7 months later and I had good results.  This third one was nine months later and after 6 weeks I have not had any positive results.
I have an appt with my urologist to see what we can do, but it is very disappointing to go through this with no results. I thought I could control this urge incontinency for life."
"Please don&#039;t give up on this product too quickly. For the first week or so, it&#039;s going to burn and your skin&#039;s going to feel extremely dry and tight. However, it will go away in time! My skin has never looked better after a few months of use. Just remember to moisturize every day, always use sunscreen when it&#039;s sunny out (or use a moisturizer with SPF), and use about a pea sized amount (it really goes a long way)."
"Great Seizure control. Low side effects after first 2 weeks."
"Evamist does work for me but I would suggest that you prime the spray before ever leaving the pharmacy. I recently picked one up from a pharmacy only to find out later that it wouldn&#039;t spray. I called the pharmacy &amp; was basically told that it was not their problem, I would have to contact the manufacturer. Of course they won&#039;t refill it again because I just refilled it. Needless to say, it&#039;s very aggravating. Besides that, it&#039;s expensive."
"Been on this for a year and some change. Overall I love it, my boyfriend be I don&#039;t have to worry about any unwanted pregnancies and it helped regulate my BPD since I no longer have a period or should say didn&#039;t from before I put this in (depo shot previously). When on depo I had 1 period in 2 years and it was rough. Yesterday 7/31 I got one on nexplanon it&#039;ll be bad I can tell but still beyond worth it. 1 period every 2 years? Awesome. Not worrying for 3 years? Amazing. 

Just make sure you are aware of side effects. What works for me might not for you."
"I have been smokefree for 7 years now.  I used the first month pack and part of the second month pack.  That was all I needed.  I never had an urge for a cigarette since.  I highly recommend talking to your doctor."
"I had diarrhoea issues for years which was becoming progressively more frequent up the point where I had 6-9 episodes almost every day especially in the morning. A gastroenterologist discovered the excess bile acid in my bowel during colonoscopy and prescribed me Questran. It is not the most pleasant medicine but I am so grateful, I feel like a normal person again! Not having to be late all the time, search for toilets wherever just in case, panic when stuck in traffic... I take one sachet in the morning just before breakfast. My doctor mentioned that the best time to take it is when our body produces the acid which is very early in the morning. I have not experienced any side effects so far. Good luck to everyone."
"47 y.o., 6 ft and 282lbs. I sit at a computer all day. Despite hitting the treadmill daily and only eating 1800 calories a day or so, I was still putting on a few pounds a month - every month for a decade. When the 2010s started I was about 215. Its been miserable. Diets just made everything worse. We tried the Mediterranean diet. Nothing helped. Blood pressure sky high. Sleep apnea.  I was slowly dying and I could feel it. Dr. said I could try Contrave. I&#039;d taken wellbutrin before so was skeptical, but why not. That was 10 weeks ago. This morning I was 258. I am eating healthy but normal portions. I&#039;m not on the treadmill all the time. Weight is just slipping off at a steady 2-3 lbs a week. I haven&#039;t had the nausea people talk about."
"I&#039;m 24, 5&#039;6, 167 lbs. I started taking phentermine 37.5mg at 8am and phendimetrazine 35mg at noon everyday in December 08. By March 09, 4 months later, I had lost 30 lbs- from 165-135lbs. Yes it was great, but I had 2 take a break from it. After 15 weeks I was experiencing heart palpitations (cardio workouts were challenging) severe dry mouth (to the point where the inside of my mouth was raw and bleeding) Keep hydrated! Just water will not work! This drug makes you urinate frequently. You need to replace lost electrolytes, use Gatorade. You must do weights, lunges etc because no exercise will result in the fat turning 2 flab. Hallucinations started as well. I was very energetic and insomnia set in. "
"I have had variceal bleeding.  Feel much better when taking the nadolol.  I didn&#039;t take it at first, I took propananlol for a while but quit because I couldn&#039;t afford it. At this point the only side effect I can recall is feeling a little tired and dizzy when I first began taking it, and running out and not being on it for about 5 days; I didn&#039;t feel good.  I believe this drug is very beneficial for bleeding related to the liver."
"I was on Mononessa until the pharmacy changed their preferred generic to Sprintec. I never have acne and within days of taking the first pill I started breaking out. My period started 4-5 days before it was supposed to and I ended up having 10-11 day periods. On the previous pill I wasn&#039;t only having 5-6 day periods. This is the worst birth control experience I have ever had. I tried it for 3 months (mail order pharmacy sent 3 months worth) hoping it was just the first month, but instead I had 3 months of the longest periods of my life."
"I started phen on 4\22\2015 with a starting weight of 226, I am a 5&#039;8  female with PCOS  trying to loose weight  for health and personal issues. As of 4\28\2015 my weight is  now 214. Honestly I am not sure if it&#039;s the pills doing or the combination of eating better,(totally cutting out carbs ,sugars) and exercising 3 days to 1 day off. But it&#039;s working and I&#039;m happy with the results The only thing I have noticed is dry mouth and heart palpitations. But I notice when I work out after taking the pill I don&#039;t notice them.  I have been experiencing  hunger pains as well.  I&#039;m only on the 15mg dose so maybe that&#039;s why it doesn&#039;t curb my appetite  like it&#039;s supposed to. Overall I&#039;m pleased and will continue to loose weight. End goal, 140"
"Too many side effects for a drug that didn&#039;t help me sleep."
"I took this medication for about a year with an antidepressant. The combination kept me from suicidal episodes. Unfortunately, the itching was constant and became intolerable so I stopped taking it. Nothing else comparable to the benefits of Lamictal."
"The side-effects far outweigh the benefits for me.  It took about 5 weeks for the good effects to kick in - and when they did, I felt like a huge boulder had been lifted off of my chest, I could cope with things much better.  However, the nausea is still present, even though it&#039;s been two months since I started.  What&#039;s frightening is the blurred vision.   My vision started getting blurry not long after I started Pristiq, and it has become worse.  It has gotten to the point where the words I&#039;m typing are now blurry and the laptop is less than two feet away from my face.  Am weaning myself off of this and have an appointment with my doctor next week.  Too bad... I was hopeful about this one. "
"Zenpep works great for me, however the cost of the pills are ridiculous! "
"After years of suffering through allergies (year round, anything in bloom, grass, trees, etc.), my doctor gave me a shot of Kenalog-40.  The shot lasts for 6-10 weeks and has relieved all symptoms.  I want to make sure that I don&#039;t over use it (as all other allergy medicine I build a tolerance to, and then it fails to work)."
"I was given this medicine to clear up my acne and it has worked so well. For those who say they got stomach aches or had vomiting it is probably due to the fact that they didn&#039;t eat a whole meal before taking it. Because it happened to me once and I learned my lesson after that. So don&#039;t forget, EAT when taking!"
"Worst medication ever! First time taking it I had PVCs and then the second time had rapid heart rate, headaches, mood swings, and couldn&#039;t catch my breath. Normal things were hard to do. NP cardiologist said it is an adverse reaction that she&#039;s seen with this name brand. Stopped it and going to a none hormonal IUD."
"If you stay active while taking Wellbutrin you will most likely be happy but if you take Wellbutrin and lie around in bed all day it will not help you feel proactive at all. Wellbutrin helps me concentrate in school when paired with Adderall."
"Accutane made my life better!!! I went on it twice, the first time didn&rsquo;t really have an effect, but the second time worked. I have been off of it for several months and my face has no zits or blemishes. I still have scarring though but it is going away over time. The dry skin and lips is all worth it in the end."
"I&#039;ve been SUFFERING from RSD since 1995.Currently prescribed 10mgs methadone 4x per day and Percocet 15mgs up to 5 per day.of course my body has been soooo dependent on this dose it&#039;s NOT working any longer. Dr refuses to increase my dose. Anyone have RSD and on something different I might suggest to my dr that I change to?? I really need someones help please"
"I started contrave on Feb 5, 2016. It took me a minute before I actually began to use the medication because I was nervous of the side effects.  During that time I weighed 240 pound wearing a size 18 pant size.  After speaking with my physician who&#039;s also a weigh specialist informed me that the side effects will be minor and will not last long.  Once I began the medication, taking one a day for the 1st week and 2 for 2nd; increasing the dosage until I was on 2 in the morning and 2 at night.  I did suffer mild headaches and dry mouth during the first 2 weeks it went away and I have been doing fine ever since. As of Dec 27, 2016, I can joyously say I am 201 pounds wearing a size12 pants."
"I used to have Implanon and now I have Nexplanon. I love it! Yes, when you first get it you will bleed for a LONG period of time. Now I have my period every couple of months with the bleeding last about 2 weeks. I have not had any of the side effects. I get mine taken out every 3 years. The process for taking it out can be a little tricky. For me it took about 40 mins with a lot of blood and three people helping. I def recommend this form of Birth Control."
"Trust and believe ladys you better not have anything going on in your life if you start to take this! I&#039;ve only been taking this for a month and a half but the mood swings are uncontrollable! I am a very level headed person most of the time but I have been an emotional wreck since I started. My breasts have been extremely sore but they are getting bigger witch is a plus for me! Haven&#039;t had any acne or weight gain, but it did help regulate my period I haven&#039;t had any irregular spotting witch is great because I just switched from the depo shot. So I&#039;m really liking this so far. We&#039;ll just have to see how it go&#039;s I guess!"
"I have taken Neuorontin for over five years. I have Multiple Sclerosis and lots of nerve pain. This medicine works...But it will change your personality. BEWARE.. can make you violent. However for nerve pain best medicine out there."
"I have been on Beyaz for a week now. Before that I had an IUD, which was removed after four years because of severe pain. The only side effect I really notice at this point is nausea throughout the day and I feel tired all day. I have a history of depression and anxiety with panic attacks. I don&#039;t notice any difference with those symptoms so far. The nausea is really bad around the afternoon every day, even though I take it at night. Since this is only my first week I&#039;m going to stick it out and see what happens this month!"
"Everyone&#039;s experience with this seems to be different. My friend had terrible cramps after taking it for about 5-8 months and switched. I&#039;ve been on it for nearly 4 months and my period is pretty much nonexistent as of 2 months ago. I barely have cramps or bleeding. It&#039;s not even really spotting, there&#039;s basically nothing. I have been experiencing a few side effects... I went up two cup sizes, and I&#039;m experiencing more anxiety, but possibly due to the fact that I started it a few months after starting college. It&#039;s great for me so far but it just seems weird that I don&#039;t have a period? I guess it&#039;s okay though. I&#039;d recommend it but then again, everyone is different."
"Phentermine was just what I needed to help me lose the weight I needed to lose. I have high family risk of diabetes, high cholesterol, and stroke, so when my blood sugar showed that I was pre-diabetic at 168 lbs. My doctor put me on 1200-1500 calorie diet and phentermine. I&#039;ve always exercised three times a week. I lost 20 lbs. in three months and lost another 10 lbs. in the last year. At first I experienced side effects of dry mouth, trouble sleeping, and constipation by that subsided over time. I am still taking the medication, gong in for monthly weight and blood pressure checks, but lately have been feeling like it is losing its effectiveness. I&#039;m a little concerned about its addictive qualities and plan to ask my doctor about it."
"This medication is a miracle drug.  My 4yr old daughter had a rash that nothing could cure then 2 days after using this cream, I saw an amazing difference.  She has extremely dry skin in the winter which she scratches to the point of bleeding sometimes, but not anymore. At the first sign of dry/irritated skin, I apply this cream and it works like magic. Also used it on a rash I developed on my legs and the same thing. The itching stops almost immediately. This cream is a staple in our medicine cabinet."
"I&#039;ve been using Tazorac since March 2012. My Dermatologist put me on Aczone to use in the morning, and Tazorac in the evening. There were some burning and itching in the beginning, but it when away. During my office visits I receive Chemical Peels also. Over a month, I&#039;ve noticed the dark spots have lightened up and my skin is evened out. Now I&#039;m getting my face back."
"I was put on Mirtazapine by my doctor recently and the side effects of it were horrendous. Slept for hours on end, when I did get up I was living through a fog. I couldn&#039;t function on a day to day basis. The nightmares were awful, vivid very scary dreams that I couldn&#039;t force myself to wake from so I decided enough. I had been on citalopram before that and it was no longer helping so I was switched to the mirtazapine. I went back on Prozac and in less than a week I feel better, my head is clear and I can do things I enjoy. I don&#039;t sleep well anyway so the Prozac has no effect on that. I will stick with the Prozac."
"It has been about a week and half since I started Abilify. It has been 50 years of suffering Clinical Depression. I have been without Depression ever since I started Abilify. I am one happy camper! I have been so resistant to so many medicines. Have been on Lexapro, Welbutrin and Trazodone for years. The past year(s) I had this depression that was &quot;hovering&quot; over me preventing me to feel any enjoyment whatsoever. Well, Abilify has allowed me to feel LIFE. I have energy and I even look forward doing things again. The only negative factor is that I enjoy my one cup of coffee a day. Well, no more. If I drink a cup, I feel as if I drank tons of coffee. Stay away from Caffeine. And, I am NOT HUNGRY!"
"Also for the people saying it dries our your skin very badly, you must be using too much. It does dry your skin out but not badly at all. You&#039;re supposed to use very, very little bit of it on your acne. Not your whole face, just your acne. I learned the hard way. I loaded it up on my chin &amp; it made my chin so dry &amp; itchy &amp; red. It looked horrible, like my whole chin was scabbed. It went away after I stopped putting the cream on it for a day or two."
"When they say this is the most effective birth control, they are being truthful but not in the way you think. You&#039;re on your period so long that you can&#039;t be sexually active. I have had this awful thing in my arm for two years. And I have had my periods last up to three months. My husband and I are equally frustrated due to these complications. Please think really hard before you decide to get this birth control."
"I have a mild yeast infection , where I only experience irritation and a little itch here and there! I was prescribed terconazole 0.4 my first time ever having a yeast infection (21year old) &amp; the first night I put the cream in (very easy to put in just put it into the syringe , place into your vag &amp; release cream) , it worked wonders! It relieved the irritation and itch right away ! Now it&#039;s day 2 and I don&#039;t have irritation at all just still an itch here and there ! I have to use the cream for 5 more days &amp; will update everyday "
"I am a 14 year old. I was put on this medicine about 4-5 months ago and I have never felt better. I was walking around as if I was 90 and now I feel like a new person."
"I was prescribed this medication by my Dr for insomnia and I have to say it works great! Works fast, get a great nights sleep with no hang over effects. Wake up refreshed and ready to go the next day."
"I started Contrave on June 19th, 2015. Once I got over the side effects and dosage increase, I had no cravings for sweets or snacks at all. I lost weight very quickly. In the past month, I have noticed that although I eat less as a whole, I do find myself taking some sweets and snacking a little. I have lost 20 lbs, however last month, I did not lose any weight. Anyone else feel like you sort of build up a tolerance to the drug, and it becomes less effective? Any suggestions for me?"
"I have used Remicade for the past 5 months, it cleared up the psoriasis and I got good pain relief for 4 weeks. The side effects are worth it for the relief I got."
"I was on so many different birth control pills dye to heavy periods and cramps. My doctor told me at 14 I shouldn&#039;t be having pains like this. Stopped taking pills for 1 year.  At 19 I got pregnant and had a miscarriage. I was so upset due to what happened and went to my doctor and told him to put me on this pill it has been the best pill yet no acne, no cramps, shorter periods, and NO pregnancy !!!!!! The only thing that happened is I gained like 15 lbs and I am not happy about that! But then again you can&#039;t have everything! I suggest this pill to every women there is!"
"So I got my birth control put in on Oct 23rd, 2015 . At first , I didn&#039;t bleed whatsoever . Three weeks after , I began spotting . I wasn&#039;t really worried because I just thought it would be a week thing. Nope . it&#039;s Dec 27th 2015 and I&#039;ve been bleeding ever since . It&#039;s not light either, its a very heavy period . So yeah, hopefully you&#039;re one of the lucky ones who doesn&#039;t bleed at all ."
"Have been using this cream for 3 days and I already notice a big difference.  I really didn&#039;t have problems with breakouts, more redness than anything.  I have tried numerous creams and pills, this is the best so far.  My skin looks better than it has in years."
"Been on antidepressants since around 1991 after I had thyroid removed.  Taking Wellbutrin for depression which works okay but last year started having late night anxiety attacks.  Really bad Fear.  I don&#039;t understand why.  Had me walking the streets at 11PM.  Started Viibryd and had weight gain and stomach issues and by the time I got to 40mg the anxiety just stopped! This medicine does as advertised for me, it stops the anxiety. That&#039;s what I needed and that&#039;s what I got. Like a miracle."
"I&#039;ve been on Qsymia since Feb. 12th.  I started at 209lbs and am now 192lbs, I&#039;m 5&#039;3&quot; and 66.  I&#039;m getting ready to start on the next dosage 11.25/69mg hoping that will speed things up a bit.  This last month has been really slow.  The cost is just prohibitive. I can only afford another month or so then will have to try and maintain/lose on my own, which I&#039;ve clearly not been been successful doing.  I&#039;ve not had any side effects and would continue this medicine as long as it worked if I could afford it."
"I have emphysema/COPD and this works for me when I am getting winded.  I tried albuterol but it actually makes me worse.  After just 4 days of using albuterol I was waking up at night having trouble breathing.  The primatene mist doesn&#039;t have the rebound effect that albuterol had.  When I learned they were going to stop selling it after Dec 31, 2011 I stocked up.  Hopefully what I have will last me until they reformulate it and it&#039;s available again.  I don&#039;t know what I would do without it."
"I have some pain issues and a slow colon anyway so every time I have to take opiates I get severely backed up. Sometimes I get through it OK on my own but most times I need help. I&#039;m a regular user, every 6 months or so and just have to add, there will be discomfort because the gas will finally be able to move and that hurts. But there is no cramping. It doesn&#039;t MAKE you go, it liquifies everything so its effortless to go. Be near a toilet and give yourself a day."
"I got my Skyla inserted a week ago and yes, the pain of the insertion is like an internal sharp pinch and a targeted set of cramps. I knew it wouldn&#039;t be easy but it was definitely more painful than I had mentally prepared for, the unexpectedness made me yelp out loud when I first felt it. The insertion took about 30 seconds but the entire process was 7 minutes. Definitely worth the pain. I wish I had known this beforehand and taken an ibuprofen. Afterwards I had dull cramp aches and some spotting. But nothing I had to take medication for, and it only lasted a day. The next day I was perfectly normal. Around day 4, I started experiencing bloating and slight constipation. Its uncomfortable but I am hoping to power through and see how it goes!"
"I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis in 1991. For the last few years I have been using Asacol, with no problems, only if I try to stop taking it, which I&#039;d rather not do. It&#039;s really helping me.  I&#039;m 46 and happy. I&#039;m going for colonoscopy every year just to make sure everything is fine."
"Every year for almost 10 years I had been experiencing severe brochitis, and 3 times it had turned into pneumonia.  The only reason it did not result in hospitalization was because I protested.  I did have to go back to the hospital for Albuterol treatments each time.  Once I started using the Proventil FHA inhaler I noticed I was able to take deep breaths and not experience discomfort, and as of about 6 weeks ago, all the wheezing I had been experiencing had completely disappeared.  I would recommend this product for any bronchial and asthmatic condition."
"Hello all! I took this medication for around two months, and it helped with my anxiety, but caused me to become apathetic. I simply couldn&#039;t be bothered to do anything! It was horrible!"
"It&#039;s wonderful I went to get mine put in today! I have to say before I  actually did the  insertion I was scared to death bc I googled and read reviews! It was nothing like some of theses reviews are! It was very quick maybe a  minute! It was a breeze my doctor said okay you going to feel a pinch and it was over! Just slightly cramping during the  procedure!"
"Suffered traumatic relationship, erectile quality diminished significantly. Had weak erections during the night and morning like my body was trying but could not muster the strength. Cialis gives you your life back. Rock hard erections during the night and during sex. I highly recommend."
"I&#039;ve had sleep issues for years and after having multiple sleep studies done as well as nasal surgery to fix deviated septum, I tried a dental sleep appliance and a c-pap machine and nothing worked. I was finally given Doxepin - OMG LIFESAVER...6 drops per night and I am out like a light wake up around 5 hours later but refreshed and not tired. However, if I go off routine, as in different time-zones, late nights, it does take a while to get back on track...I&#039;d be in a mental health institution if I hadn&#039;t found this as I was at the end of the rope and couldn&#039;t cope anymore being constantly exhausted."
"Qsymia is awesome I lost like 50 pounds on it without dieting or exercising but I did realize that it was not a good idea to not exercise because when I did stop taking Qsymia I had extra skin that I didn&#039;t tighten from where I lost weight and it was sagging. So now I have to figure out how to tighten my tummy. Now I am back to square one since I quit taking it due to change in insurance....... so I have gained more weight now but Qsymia is an awesome diet capsule and it does work........"
"I am a user of the birth control shot and I honestly love the fact that I do not have to worry about taking the pill. I just go to the doc every three months to renew my shot. But the only thing I hate is the bleeding for long periods. I have been on theshot for almost a year and a half. I remember the first three months, I experienced excruciating pain one day in my stomach, it felt so bad. I was in class and I had to run to the bathroom. When I was sitting on the toilet, this HUGE blood clot came out. It was almost the size of a tennis ball. Afterwards, my cramping stopped."
"Atarax did its job and gave me some sleep after taking just one very small pill but the after effects were truly horrendous.  I have used this drug twice and had same after effects both times, once u wake up you are left with so much dizziness that you can&#039;t get yr head off the pillow so don&#039;t expect to be doing anything at all for many hours after u wake up, maybe other people can use this drug and have no side effects but I will never ever use this drug again"
"Terrible med. for me like it was for a lot of people.  I used it for 6 weeks (enough time to get into my system).  It caused panic attacks, which was not fun.  I would have several each day.  I was taking this med. for anxiety and depression.  I cried every single day, and several times a day on this med. and I did not sleep a full nights sleep for the entire duration. I felt way more sad, and felt like I was in a zombie like state daily.  I read reviews of this drug and prayed that I would soon start to feel better, and wouldn&#039;t be one of those that this drug did not work for.  Alas, I was one of those.  I stopped taking Effexor, cold turkey 5 days ago.  Best thing I ever did.  I experienced some withdrawal symptoms, like severe brain zaps"
"Helps balance anti-depressants with sleeplessness and twitching and stuff. Helps me calm down, take the edge off the other medicines. This is not to be used by itself for bipolar disorder. It&#039;s used in combination so don&#039;t take Klonopin and think it&#039;s going to help you that much. It works best with other medications."
"Worked for me, recommend for everyone."
"I&#039;ve gone through deepshit, to the wall depression - had ECT et al while on meds. Went off and have NOOOO regrets b/c I finally started having feelings again (after 25 years on meds).... But I went through deep retaliation at work for speaking out against a bully, and the PTSD from that became deeply real only after two lawsuits were settled and every state/federal complaint was successfully settled. I won... but the PTSD won even more. And ya think you can find a shrink who looks at alternatives to antidepressants? HA! My only salvation came in the form of my doctor, an internist, who suggested I go to ER b/c of thyroid stuff.  While 5 days on a med/surg unit was not free from shit... I got connected with a shrink who prescribed THIS."
"I&#039;ve had undisguised symptoms for 20 year causing mild discomfort e.g. Uric acid buildup on earlobes. Chronic wrist pain. Moderate two attacks , all annoying but I never figured it to be gout or realize the horror about unleash itself on me at a fit 49 years old. I exercise, only about 10 lbs overweight and eat healthy. I was a heavy beer drinker though. Last year my left wrist and thumb swoll to the size of a red grotesque boxing glove. No pain medication could touch it. Imagine bone fracture pain with no relief. I was in chronic pain, depressed despondent and close to suicidal. Because I had ignored symptoms for so long the rheumatologist told me I had &quot;entrenched&quot; gout and the allopurinol was going to make it worse before it got better."
"I am 23 and I have been using fluoxetine for about a month and a half. I have noticed an improvement in my depression. I am able to think straight again and am more motivated. I do have two side effects from it, dry mouth, and lack of appetite. I have lost a bit of weight since being on this. But feeling lighter and happier cancel those out."
"It is extrememly effetive. I&#039;m having mine removed in two days after having it just a few days shy of two years. Insertion hurt like noones business, cramps afterward were the worst I&#039;ve ever had, and my period before was pretty terrible. My periods were irregular after that, prior to this I had 3-4 day periods at the same time every month. Now I never know when theyre coming, I gained a considerable amount of weight, which Ive gotten under control with diet, as my periods are almost always close to two weeks long. Intercourse more often than not is painful or at least uncomfortable, especially with the onset of my period. Sometimes after climax there are temporary very painful cramps. Its worth it for the most part, sometimes its not."
"I have had estrogen- and barometric migraine since my mid-twenties. I was noticing that the intensity &amp; frequency of said migraines were getting worse over time (I&#039;m 47 now). I was over-presrcribed Imitrex &amp; was having rebound migraines, suffering 20  migraines/mo. So far, I&#039;ve been on this med for a little over 2 weeks, &amp; am on 25 mg. I don&#039;t think I need to go any higher right now, which is fine by me. For the first 4 days, I had a horrid migraine, felt dizzy &amp; had some nausea. After that, I started feeling a lot better, more alert, no pain, felt sharper too. I&#039;m in peri menopause &amp; have noticed that I get a migraine around the time of my period, but it&#039;s about a 5 or 6 instead of a 10 . So far is working w/very few &amp; side effects."
"I started Adipex after the birth of my child. It has helped me get to my goal weight and I feel great. "
"I have been taking this medication with the study for over 2 years for severe psoriatic arthritis. My psoriasis has disappeared. I rarely have outbreaks and if I do they are small and disappear within weeks. For psoriatic arthritis, I would rate it lower, around a 7, because I still have to take a d-mard each month along with 300 MG monthly of  cosentyx . Still, this is an impressive medication for people with severe psoriasis arthritis. I was barely walking when I started this study and now people ask why I have a handicapped tag. That massive improvement is due, in part, to this medication. It took about 3 months to feel the total effects for the arthritis and there was a noticeable difference taking 300 MG instead of 150 mg."
"I&#039;m a healthy 71 year old male with one weakness - my lungs. I&#039;ve had bronchitis as a boy and had pneumonia twice before and this is the third time getting pneumonia. The Rocephin was added to an slow intravenous drip. Good relief the first day and today, the second day of treatment, I got my appetite back. I have one more day of intravenous and I think I may be back to near normal."
"I have such severe constipation that I end up in the emergency room for it because I&#039;m so full I can&#039;t eat or drink for days. My stomach will not growl for days because there is no room. I will go weeks and no bowel movement. I tried everything even prescription medications as far as them giving me the stuff you drink when you get a colonoscopy. My doctor finally gave me linzess. I take 145 in the am. First two days I did have watery stools pretty quick after taking. Next few days it was hours and I only had regular bowel movements. Every few days I do have watery stools. I am still new to the meds. So far though this is a miracle!!! Before I couldn&#039;t eat, drink, leave the house, sleep for days because of the pain."
"I was only able to take it 4 days on day four I got very I&#039;ll started as uncontrollable depression then violent vomiting. I proceed with Dr advice to go back to old medicines. I&#039;ve been off it 2 days. I can&#039;t eat without severe stomach pain no matter what I eat."
"Only good thing about this birth control is that not having to remembering to take it. Cons about this birth control weight gain, two to three week periods that are very light, horrible mood swings, memory loss, horrible back pain.
Honestly wish I never got on it, try something else it&#039;s not worth the headache.."
"it has helped me with my disability."
"Been on 30mg Cymbalta 1x/day for just a week. Helps a lot with my back pain, almost like its not there and I don&#039;t obsess about it constantly. I&#039;ve had 2 lower back surgeries for herniated disks over the past 15 years. So far a wonder drug with only minimal nausea at first and some fatigue. Never took any other medicines except Aleve in the past, but that just didn&#039;t cut it."
"I developed acne at about 11 years old.  It wasnt bad, but it got worse.  At about 12-13 years old, it hit hard and got really bad.  I tried everything you could possibly think of.  You say it, I&#039;ve tried it.  But nothing at all worked.  I tried things as little as home remedies to expensive dermatologist cleansers that cost over $100 a bottle.  Still, nothing worked.  For a while I nearly gave up hope, I was so insecure about my skin I wouldn&#039;t even dare to leave the house, let alone my room, without makeup on.  I found makeup was like my security blanket in a way.  I discovered Accutane and let me tell you, it is THE best thing I have ever tried. My acne is gone and 
I&#039;m 15 now. I couldn&#039;t be more happier.  I believe Accutane is a cure."
"I have bipolar disorder/panic attacks/anxiety/major depression - needless to say there&#039;s a lot on my plate. However, for my depression Aplenzin has been working very well. I don&#039;t get so frustrated over the extremely simple things like not finding a sock (as a personal example). Overall I think Aplenzin is good. APLENZIN gives me energy and helps my personal outlook. I take 522mg a day. I&#039;m pleased with this medication, I do though take into consideration that I&#039;ve only been on it for about a week so I am on alert for any changes. Aplenzin works great for my depression so far."
"I was diagosed with inoperable NSCLC in March 11. I am taking Iressa as a first line treatment. I had no side effects for 2 weeks then the rash on my face started. I am female so was able to cover this with makeup. My skin became very dry too but moisturizers helped. I had tummy cramps which started at the same time, no diarrhea initially as I was still taking morphine from unsuccessful surgery. After 6 weeks I had my first scan. My tumor that had been 11cms was now 8.5cms, this was a pleasant surprise as I was told the Iressa would not shrink it but just stop it from growing. Since stopping the morphine I now suffer from tummy cramps and diarrhea most days, usually at night. I feel it is a small price to pay. I take Imodium which helps."
"Hi.i was addicted to heroin for 9 years.a year ago decide I had enough so started off with methadone. Slowly I reduced it to 15ml daily and then started subtex.6mg fail. after only 4months I tempered down to 0.4. that is when they decided I was ready to stop and I happily agreed cos according to my doc such small does wouldn&#039;t effect me. The first day after taking last tablet I was ok.  But the next day I started feeling awful. I went back and explained that I had withdrawal symptoms. They told me I could go back on script but have to wait 10 days to see a doc (ridiculous) So back on heroin to keep me going till then.  Of course  I&#039;m only smoking really small amount. Worried tho after 10 days I&#039;ll need methadone again.  Does anyone know if I can go straight back on subtex?"
"I really like Solodyn. So far its gotten rid of my acne the only thing that I don&#039;t like is that when you stop taking it you start to break out a lot, but so far no really bad reactions just dizziness and vertigo but that&#039;s why I was recommended to take it before bed, it helps."
"The taste is disgusting. Every mouthful I&#039;d have made me gag so I had to have a drink straight after taking it. After around two hours I couldn&#039;t keep off the toilet and was like this through the night. Definitely cleared me out!!"
"Only 2 weeks into treatment so don&#039;t know about efficacy.  But no side effects whatsoever."
"I am 33 years old, and my son is 7 years old and we both have ADD and ADHD respectively. 

His mom started him off with 20mg of Vyvanse and it seemed to help out his behavior and focus problems at school. The only thing is the poor kid is losing weight. I was curious about the side effects and wanted to see if it could help out with my focus. So I started taking Vyvanse as well. It has been okay. I like the fact that I can stay on task and not go from idea to idea and not stick to one thing, but there are major withdrawal symptoms and I tend to be a total space cadet if I don&#039;t take it."
"I am usually very regular (28 day cycles) and have had unprotected sex on day 14 of my cycle. My partner came inside me. I took ella one 58 hours after unprotected sex and was very worried. My period came just one day late."
"Inserted Dec 1 2015. Insertion was extremely painful. My uterus contacted so much that I push out the iud during first insert. My doctor had to do it 2x. Most people say you only experience a minor pinch. For me this was very untrue. This is the worst pain I have ever experienced. I bleed for about a month after insert. About month 2 is when things started to become more &quot;normal&quot;. I have experienced what I think are 2 cycles. I was formerly on the pill, had minor symptoms and only 3 days of bleeding. Although I know my body is still adjusting, my periods are now about a week long! I also experience horrible cramping about 5 days before. The cramps are not long lasting rather very sharp and random. I have been having acne face/back. :/"
"I&#039;ve been on microgestin for a couple years. The pharmacy accidentally gave me Junel fe and I started breaking out, headaches,low libido, fatigue. I am running back to microgestin. I have no side effects and still have a libido. I like this one out of others i have tried."
"Not expensive. Causes very few side effects. Just painful stomach ache."
"Just as most of you that commented on Terbinafine; I was afraid of taking this medication as several people including my physician said it is harsh on the liver; however, my toenails looked so horrible for so many years and ultimately spread to my thumbs; very discouraged to wear sandals and always hiding my feet that I decided to give it a try. A Podiatrist recommended a 90 days program and I&#039;ve been on it now for almost two months; seeing very nice results in all 10 toenails and thumbnail; still not 100% there yet but hopefully will get there by Summer as it takes about 10 months according to my Podiatrist for the nails to grow out free of fungus. Thanks be to God, no side effects; I checked my liver after 1 month and 1 week."
"I was prescribed this pill so it could help my PMDD. I have an anxiety disorder and during my tom, I would have horrible anxiety attacks and depression. This pill receives a 10/10 for helping me with that issue, however, the other side effects dampened the positives of this medication. It made my sex drive PLUMMET. I felt like a menopausal woman for the duration I was on this pill. Secondly, it made my acne blow up for the first 4 months I was on it! It wasn&#039;t until I went to a derm and started using a topical treatment that it began to clear. It also made me retain a few pounds in water weight and my boobs got bigger. I just started tri-previfem yesterday so I hope I can get my sex drive back!"
"I am completing my 5th year of taking 25mg Hydrochlorothiazide -  with 1 tablet daily each morning, at times taken with and at others without food.  In such respect, I am not aware of having experienced any noticeable effects - positive or negative - at any time.  In year two, I came off the medication for some 20 days.  CVS renews the 90-day prescription refills with automatic reminders.  I happen to delay for more than two weeks with my picking up that refill but experienced no discerning effects with my sudden stopping or upon renewing the daily dosage."
"Plan B One Step definitely works. My last period ended the 19th of July and I had unprotected sex the 23rd and he came inside of me. Within an hour of the sex I took Plan B. The first couple of days I just felt extremely hormonal and on edge, resulting in some mood swings. A week following (Aug 1-5) I experienced spotting that was brownish red and this lasted a week.  Then the EXTREMELY tender breasts came, nausea and bloating a week before my expected period. My vagina was also very dry throughout the two weeks likely due to the high hormone dosage. Consequently I also got a yeast infection due to the hormonal imbalance. Regardless of all symptoms, I got my period on time and it is extremely heavy.  Relax and try not to stress. It works!"
"Been on this antibiotic for 10 days for swab test confirmed strep throat and it has not done a damn thing. My throat is still killing me. The only thing good was that were no side effects or unpleasant taste for me."
"At first I had a very light period but after that I didn&#039;t have another (no more periods). I never had a birth control like this one. I fell in love with it with in the first 3 months. I&#039;ve had it for 8 and I was told that I would have a normal flow every month but I haven&#039;t had a normal period. Well I haven&#039;t even had a period not once since I got. Didn&#039;t every woman dream of not having this. "
"Wow. I suffered from excessive sweating for 2 years. At first I thought it was just me being hot. Or not wearing the right clothes. I wore tank tops on cold days and it still didn&#039;t stop. It was beyond irritating and I tried SO many products and none of them worked. Tried SweatBlock, only worked for a day or 2 and never worked again. I tried certain Dri. Which did help, but not that much. I tried home remedies but none of them worked. Nothing worked and I was tired of sweating so much and being embarrassed. So when I went to the doctors I asked my doctor about it and she said she would prescribe me some. I tried it out, wow. My sweating still occasionally comes back with tight fitted shirts but nothing how it was before. So thankful."
"I found zolpidem to be extremely effective in the treatment of my insomnia. I didn&#039;t feel any short-term side-affects, and I don&#039;t believe that it may have produced any long-term ones.
As prescribed by my doctor, I didn&#039;t use zolpidem on a daily basis, thus, my review should not be taken optimistically by people who do or will take it on a daily basis. I treated zolpidem as an &quot;emergency&quot; complement to my daily dosage of lorazepam. I found it to be most effective when combined with lorazepam, and from personal experience, no short or long-term side-effects ever revealed themselves from such combination."
"I had a Mirena placed 2 years ago for heavy periods. I was 38 at the time, and it had been 16 years since my last child. The doctor said it can maybe more painful, the longer you wait after having children, However, I had no pain with insertion. I had some cramping for a few days, as well as spotting, after 6 months, my period stopped completely. I have NO issues with Mirena, from extremely heavy periods to none and I didn&#039;t have to get a hysterectomy I would recommend it."
"I&#039;ve taking Prolixin since the 70&#039;s. It has saved my life. I&#039;m scared of the possible side effects,  but the trick is for all of the movements episodes I take 2 mg of Artane each time I take the Prolixin it takes all the side effects away. ....try it!"
"Works great.  You still need to get aroused for it to work, but that seems much easier as well.  The first time I took it I had to wait 3 hours for the effect, so don&#039;t panic if it doesn&#039;t work after an hour.  It was definitely worth the wait. I was afraid it wouldn&#039;t work for me at first.  Put it out of my mind, and three hours later....POW.  Just try to relax and enjoy."
"My daughter is 16 and was diagnosed with Von Willebrand&#039;s when she was 13. I have found that it is the only thing that stops her menstrual bleeding. We have tried birth control pills to prevent her from having menstruation, but that didn&#039;t work. Without Stimate, she had bled for 7 weeks straight. She reports no side effects to me."
"Awesome"
"I&#039;d suffered from ongoing anxiety and found my usual antidepressants were not working anymore. Also I was going through a very stressful period, and not sleeping or eating well.
My GP prescribed librium for a short period of time. I found it really effective. My sleep and appetite returned and I was coping much better with anxiety. It&#039;s been two weeks now and I am going to ask if I can continue taking it for a bit longer.
I have had no noticeable side effects."
"I&#039;ve has mine in since November 2014 and it&#039;s due to come out at the end of this year. I&#039;ve had no complications, not one period since having it implanted, not even spotting until this morning when I woke up I had bled everywhere, seems as though mine has run out? if that&#039;s even possible? It&#039;s been amazing since this morning. Can&#039;t fault it"
"First dose made me sick feeling, nauseous, stomach issues.  Created too many problems, I rather live with anxiety. Wish the drug people would come out with something new, w/o so many bad side effects. I will not take this drug ever.  My anxiety is mild compared to many.  I can function pretty good most of the time. Things are very stressful for me now with a sick husband.
Don&#039;t take this drug."
"I&#039;ve been bleeding for 50 days and counting because of the shot. It&#039;s helped a lot with my period cramps but the non-stop bleeding probably isn&#039;t worth it."
"Took Flomax by itself. It worked a little but made me dizzy. Added Detrol LA and everything worked a lot better but still got dizzy. Stopped Flomax for about 10 days and only took Detrol LA. Urgency slipped a little but was still good. Dizziness went away. Started Flomax again. Slight improvement but dizziness re-started. Detrol LA seems to be the best of the two."
"No problems with this medicine. No side effects - reduced pressure to low normal level."
"I have been on Accutane for a month and a half. I am not sure whether my acne was very severe, but it was bad enough. I was allergic to benzoyl so my doctor put me on Accutane, now I am having a pretty bad flare up of cystic acne although I am clear on my back and chest. Lips are unbearably chapped and I have bad back pains. Hopefully it will get better."
"Been taking it for 2 years and it gets me through anxiety attacks."
"This medication works wonders if you are looking to gain weight. I personally take these for allergies but have noticed weight change within 2 weeks of using it. I was 180 and gained 5 pounds and I&#039;m 5&#039;9. Not too stoked on gaining weight but I&#039;m not disappointed either would definitely recommend if you suffer from loss of appetite or other medical conditions."
"This pill saved my life. My boyfriend and I had protected sex one night and the condom broke. We were absoletley mortified due to the fact we are really young and still in high school. He went out and got the pill and I took it 9 hours after sex. I experienced mild symptoms and felt a little nauseous for 3 days. I was really worried about the pill not working even though the chances of it not was really low. About a week and a half later I  experienced really bad cramps and I got my period!! It came 2 weeks early but one of the side effects is messing up your cycle. I just want to tell everyone that everything will be okay and worrying and stressing doesn&#039;t help. My hair started thinning because I was stressing so much. Good luck!!"
"My doctor prescribed this medication, along with 2 others I believe for opiate withdrawal. I&#039;d have to say the combo of the 3 really did help &amp; made life easier. She had me on the Baclofen for the muscle aches &amp; pains, especially the lower back pain I would get. I would definitely recommend this to other addicts for withdrawal."
"Dulera is working great on my breathing and helping me cough up excess mucus but my pain level in the parts of my body that have osteoarthritis seems to have increased. I know my blood pressure is up so my doctor did add another blood pressure that&#039;s helping take care of that. I just am in pain wherever I have osteoarthritis, has anyone else experienced this?"
"I have to start by saying that I&#039;m fearful of medications for starters, secondly I have dealt with anxiety, panic attacks and agoraphobia for many years now! I&#039;m not housebound but do have a small neighborhood radius of &quot;comfort&quot;. I have in the past felt shamed of my condition as I thought I was unique and alone and somewhat embarrassed to try to explain my irrational feelings and thoughts, which I have learned since that they are entirely &quot;made up&quot; and thoughts lead to feelings that lead to behaviors all of which can be undone with the help of medicine, therapy, relaxation techniques, journaling, diet, exercise and not being afraid to open up about your anxiety. You are NOT alone! Learn to RELAX it WORKS."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for 6 years and it has worked wonders! I&#039;ve never spotted, my cramps are milder then before I took it, I rarely have a blemish, never gained weight and for the past 2 years I&#039;ve personally been having sex without a condom and never had a pregnancy scare (I don&#039;t know if it will be the same for everyone so use a condom!). Overall I suggest this pill to many of my close friends because my sex drive is still high and they see how I&#039;ve never had a mood swing, or bloated."
"I take 60 mg of Cymbalta for depression for the last 5 years and I&#039;ve felt a noticeable difference in my mood (depression lifted). I used to cry all the time for any little thing, and now my emotions are in check, no more cry baby! There are a few side effects, including out-of-nowhere jerking. It doesn&#039;t happen much, but when it does, it&#039;s weird! This is a medicine you cannot miss. I have inadvertently missed a dose and was back to the weepies, to the sadness. Before I tried Cymbalta, I had tried many, many other antidepressants and they never had ANY effect on my depression. THEN THERE WAS CYMBALTA. Thank goodness for this medicine. I can&#039;t imagine my life without it. What a blessing."
"I had unprotected sex several times and I wasn&#039;t on BC, although my partner did pull out in time. I wasn&#039;t educated and I didn&#039;t think you could get pregnant through precum. Anyway, I took levonorgestrel two days in a row (Mexican off-brands), within eight hours of having sex both days. I didn&#039;t notice any side effects the first day I took it, but the second time I felt very nauseous and had a headache. For the next two weeks, I experienced nausea, moodiness, headaches and other uncomfortable symptoms. After a week, I had withdrawal bleeding. I waited a couple weeks before taking pregnancy tests and they all came back negative. My period was almost 4 weeks late. When it came, it was the worst. But I&#039;m not pregnant"
"My first 30 days on Provigil (200mg x 2 daily) were literally a life changing event.  I have never felt so energetic, awake, and constantly in a good mood in my life.  However, after 30 days the effects started to wane and, after 90 days, I feel little benefit.  I tried taking an additional 3rd supplemental dose of 100mg a couple of hours after my second daily dose of 200mg to see if the good results might return, but all I gained from the additional 100mg was a headache.  There is a definite and very unfortunate tolerance problem with Provigil in my experience."
"I suffer through the night so I started taking mitazipine as I wake frequently through the  night from anxiety I sleep fine now"
"I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and nothing else worked for my nightmares. This did, have had no nightmares since I started taking it."
"This stuff is terrible! I have been on it for a very long time and had a lot of side effects like weight gain but the worst one was the dry mouth. I would drink 4 bottles of water every night and eat hard candy and spend most of my time in the bathroom.  I also wanted to eat everything in sight. My doctor finally took me off this stuff and I&#039;m on another drug like it but without all the side effects. I&#039;m also feeling a lot better mentally."
"I am a 72 year old male that had a kidney removed six years ago. Since then the cancer reformed in my hip causing a partial hip replacement, then on to my
breast bone (radiation treatment) and finally my lung and adrenal gland. At that
point I was put on Sutent 50mg which caused white count issues. We dialed down to
37.5 which stabilized the blood and now after three months my tumors have shrunk by half. Side effects are not pleasant but tolerable. Bottom line I am still alive
thanks to Sutent."
"Excellent pain reduction.  Slow on swelling reduction.  Stiffness is decreased, but not eliminated.  Works much better than any OTC choice"
"I started February 3rd of 2016, so I have been taking this medication for 5 weeks.  I am 21, 5&#039;2 and started at 259 lbs.   It has been five weeks, but I didn&#039;t take the medicine consistently or eat right during the third week due to a passing in the family.  I also haven&#039;t exercised at all due to the passing of my grandpa and I started my school semester when I first got the prescription. I do plan on adding exercise into my routine, but just by eating less and trying to eat better I have lost 26 lbs in a month and a half! I&#039;m at 233. I have went from a size 18 pants being TIGHT to a size 14 pants fitting perfectly. There is a noticeable difference and only side effects are headaches and dizziness, but after water and Tylenol I&#039;m fine! :)"
"So I&#039;ve been on Genvoya now 4 weeks since I found out I was HIV Positive, I  started off in February 22nd ,with a VL of 119,000 and a CD4 count of 156. After these number I started treatment a week later , in conjunction with a mild Hyperbaric treatment 2 time a week for an hour.   My new labs taken March 13th  were VL 1520 and CD4 count of 451 , My Dr was so surprised of an amazing recovery. I  was starting to feel really sick prior medication, started on Bactrim in conjunction with Genvoya , had a terrible reaction to Sulfa ekkkk...stopped that asap
The only side effect is feeling a bit tired sometimes and skin pimples but nothing serious and would go away as the day progress... I do get very hungry. 
I give this med a 10!!"
"SADIA FUROUS maybe people are leaving negative comments because they had a bad experience. Just because you didn&#039;t doesn&#039;t mean others are wrong. And your advice might work for you but as someone who is extremely experienced with taking medication, I can safely say that no amount of water will help. I agree it should be taken off the market. I took 1 pill 2 nights ago and am still having severe stomach cramps. The morning after I took it I fainted, was sick and felt the most excruciating pains in my stomach. I suffered from c.dificile last year and think that my GP was probably out of order giving me tablets that cause such severe side effects. The absolute disgusting part is, the box states that children can take it. Madness!"
"I have been taking Linzess 290 for about 2 months for severe abdominal pain due to irritable bowel syndrome with constipation.  From the start of taking it, I have had no further episodes of abdominal pain or constipation.  If I don&#039;t take it for one day, I start to feel very unwell again with abdominal cramps.  I find that once I take it, I need to be near a bathroom within a couple of hours but after 1 or 2 bowel movements, there are no more.  To be free of the severe cramps that were so bad that I would be sick to my stomach and almost pass out from the pain, is such a relief and has improved my quality of life immensely.  The pills are expensive though"
"Have been in agony with uti after uti burning and sick and debilitated and no other antibiotics touched it. Had positive strep b culture. Finally feel relief after Rocefin injection. It also helped before quickly with sinus infection. Highly recommend. Antibiotics are awful with deadly side effects. Ciprofloxacin and Levaquin can kill you. Research those two on side effects."
"I&#039;m up to my 4th month of Accutane and overall I&#039;m happy with it. My advice to people thinking about trying it is just give it a go! You won&#039;t know until you try it, and biggest piece of advice is to know your body&#039;s limits. If you&#039;re on a high dose and for example your lips are dry enough that its affecting your daily life, just lower your dose! Easy as that. Talk to your dermatologist and tell them how you&#039;re feeling about it and they&#039;ll be happy for you to stick to a dosage that both improves your skin and keeps the rest of your body happy."
"I suffer from trigeminal neuralgia. This is the first medicine that has ever worked. So far, I have no pain."
"I suffer with IBS I usually use Senna laxatives but was recommended dulcolax as a stronger option. I took one just after 12 and was woken up at 4am with strong stomach cramps, I remained constipated for at least another hour but unable to sleep as the pain in my stomach and back was too much. I turned grey in the face, began sweating and feeling so weak I thought I was going to pass out. Received some relief eventually but it was really not worth any of the symptoms I went through, I will stay with Senna they give better relief with less pain."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for about six weeks or so and the problem so far has been that my nail beds are turning black.  A little freaked out right now but surprisingly I&#039;ve been feeling a lot better."
"I took birth control about 2 years ago (another pill and the patch), and neither worked very well. They both lowered my libido significantly. I&#039;ve been take Yaz for the past 2 months now, and although it doesn&#039;t treat EVERYTHING that I expect to treat, I can&#039;t expect something like this to be perfect. I still have slight PMS, and there are the undeniable cramps, but it has a short period time, and it keeps me from getting pregnant. I think it&#039;s actually raised my libido! Yaz=good!"
"Wasn&#039;t on this drug for very long, only about 2 months. I felt mildly stimulated, but got no great effects from it. No side effects either however.

The reason for the high rating is that it destroys all pleasure of smoking for me, to the point that I don&#039;t want to smoke due to the fact I won&#039;t feel it.

Also the only popular antidepressant I know that doesn&#039;t affect sex drive in a negative way like SSRIs."
"The first round worked for me and I am still in shock. My OBGYN prescribed 50mg for days 5-9 of my cycle. I bought a clear blue ovulation kit and started tracking when I ovulated. The digital test is the BEST. It told me my most fertile day (day 16) and hubby and I were at it like rabbits. Around day 29 of my clycle I started having period like symptoms and thought my period was about to start. A few days later, when I had NOT started bleeding, I thought it would be best to take a pregnancy test. 7 positive pregnancy test later, and I guess you can say I am pregnant."
"I started Contrave at my doctors request on Jan 14th at 224 pounds. This morning I was 215. I&#039;ve had virtually no side effects. My doctor said to lose 8 pounds per month, and I&#039;ve lost 9 pounds in just short of a month. I&#039;ve noticed that drinking lots of water, and spacing out meals and snacks has kept the nausea at bay. I take my 1st dose at 6:30 am with my breakfast. I eat a piece of fruit at 10:30, lunch around 1:30, a Fiber One snack at 3ish, then dinner around 6 with my second dose. High protein snacks have really helped a lot."
"Valium works for me I have a panic disorder and I was taking Ativan (Lorazepam) in the US. since 2004. And my psychiatrist changed it to Diazepam) 10 mg sometimes 5mg since I have lived in Manila,Philippines. I have to wean off Lorazepam for awhile since you can&#039;t just stop Lorazepam right away and there is no Lorazepam here in Manila. Diazepam is the answer so I have switch to it. It works really well.."
"Hi everyone!!! I started taking Phentermine last Thursday, August 4, 2016.  My starting weight was 252 and today...seven days later I weigh 245.6 that&#039;s a loss of 6.4 pounds!!!  I work out 30 minutes a day doing mostly cardio and I do watch the little food that I do eat.  I have lots of energy and dry mouth but the water takes care of that.  I drink about 4 bottles a day.  My goal weight is 150 I really hope this helps me finally reach my sexy again! :)"
"Using Corlanor has brought my resting heart rate from over 200 down to an average of 75. No side effects. Very pleased."
"I have had rosacea for about a year. It was really bad in the winter months. I was perscribed minocycline a month ago and my face is 100% better. I have noticed that my hair feels totally different. I normally have dry curly hair, and now it is straight and healthy. Has anyone else noticed this with their hair?"
"had tried claritin-d, and others prior to finding Zyrtec-D.  I have now used it for a number of years, and find it difficult to breath without it.  Works very well for me, while nothing else that I could find has."
"At times I get migraine every day, particularly after I have been away from home, eg. a week or more, then usually I get a daily migraine for around two weeks. Imigran works well once I know a migraine is on the way. None of the preventers I have tried have helped. Recently I tried taking Relpax at night as a preventer and so far it has worked. This has been a short term experience and I don&#039;t plan to continue daily use before I check with my GP."
"I&#039;ve only been using it for two weeks.  Other than a scratchy throat (which I recently learned to gargle with water after use), I feel INCREDIBLY better.  I&#039;m 60 and was diagnosed with emphysema about 1 year ago.  I&#039;m a desk jockey but a &quot;weekend warrior&quot; in the back forty.  I haven&#039;t felt this good in quite some time.  Fingers crossed..."
"Omeprazole saved my life!!!!!!!"
"I get this birth control for free through my insurance. I have been using it for over a year now and I love it. The first month or so I did have some side effects. I got sick and had terrible headaches and some stomach pain. But it did stop and I have been fine ever since. I set an alarm on my cellphone daily to remind me to take it. Overall good pill."
"Maxalt-MLT has been the only migraine medication that didn&#039;t give me most of the common side effects. My migraines don&#039;t often come with warning signs, like the &quot;auras.&quot; My left temple just starts to throb, and I know I have about an hour before the pain has me hiding in the dark, wishing my skull would just go ahead and split open. Maxalt works within the hour (at least to head off the really awful pain - sometimes I need to take another one in a few hours to completely erase the headache), and I can get on with my day. The only side effect I&#039;ve ever noticed is if I take one and then lie down, I&#039;ll sleep for a couple hours. But if I&#039;m up and around or out and about, I can keep going just fine. But I can say the same thing about Benadryl."
"I am 235 lbs and took one at noon and by 1:00 PM I was feeling great! I did not take another but still could not sleep that night, neither could my wife who took one also. Almost a fair trade."
"I felt it necessary to leave a review because of how well this medication has worked for me.

However, I have been quite seriously bipolar (with panic disorder) for over 30 years. As you can imagine I have been on many medications. About two years ago nearly everything had gone wrong in my life - including being homeless and drinking far too much. I pulled out of that with the help of Seroquel. But I was still having really really bad times. Then I met someone who suggested this medication.

Well it was not instant but slowly I started becoming &quot;normal&quot;. Normal to me is wonderful. Now I hardly drink.. Why - because I drank to cure myself.. I actually wake up and look forward to the day. I feel young again!"
"On day 5 and same as everyone who&#039;s posting, minimal cravings, what I really would like to know is how people feel after they STOP taking this med but it seems people don&#039;t bother posting once  they either finally quit or not quit."
"Pristiq for me is a life saver! The fist 2 days I took the medication I was tired, but now being on it for two weeks it is amazing. I used to cry at the drop of a hat, and I had severe anxiety. Pristiq is the only medication that has ever worked for me! Try it! It might save your life too!"
"At 27 this was the first medication doctor prescribed for blood pressure. I had shortness of breath, headaches and rapid heart rate. I was only on it a week, I just couldn&#039;t tolerate it"
"I have had Migraines for 45 years,and have taken many medicines to treat the headaches. This has been the MOST effective ever. "
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz a year now and love it. I&#039;ll be honest, my first 2 months were difficult. Spotting, painful breasts, depression, exhaustion. But now I&#039;m so glad I allowed time for my body to adjust. No mood swings or depression, my sex drive has increased, my skin looks great and my periods are highly predictable. I will always get it on a Tuesday night and lasts only 2-3 days with light spotting and very little cramping. I&#039;ve also dropped a good 15lbs! My doctor said it&#039;s rare, but possible, to bleed every month and still be pregnant while on the pill. So I do take a pregnancy test every few months to be on the safe side since I rely on the pill as my only form of contraception and my periods are so light. For me that&#039;s the only drawback."
"My overall experience with Reclipsen has been mostly positive... Weight loss, lighter periods, less severe cramps, no acne (although that was never an issue). 
My only cons would be the rise and fall in my moods. Other than that, I cant complain about the product. Will continue to use it for as long as I need to!"
"i&#039;ve tried so many different things .now this is amazing ...works great.finally."
"I took the pill the morning after due to the condom splitting. It was the only time I had sex that month but it didn&#039;t work and despite taking it no more than 8 hours after I still got pregnant."
"I hadn&#039;t gone for 4 days and decided to try Dulcolax. I am 5&#039;1 and 120lbs. The bottle says anywhere from 1-3 pills, and my constipation was pretty bad so I decided to take 2. Worst mistake of my life. I took the pills at 2:00pm and by 6pm I had the most terrible cramps I have ever felt in my entire life. I was shaking, cold sweating, and felt like I was going to throw up several times. Hours later and I&#039;m still having terrible diarrhea. It works, but the side effects are too much for me."
"I have had Implanon for almost 3 years now. It is almost time to either take it out or get a new one. I have loved it. I did start out with a little weight gain and some spotting that wasnt quite light but not a period either. It was mostly just annoying but after about 2 months it stopped. Havent had a period since and I love being able to say that when I go to the doctor. Living worry free from pregnancy and periods has been great and I am definitely thinking about committing to another 3 years. I recommend to any women that has problems taking the pill or the patch, I didnt like either I am sometimes forgetful and my schedule changes so it was hard to take the pill at the same time everyday."
"As with all perscription acne medicine it gets worse before it gets better. I have th 2.0% perscription some of the reviewers may need a lower dosage or to use it less. But you have to have patience when using any prescription for acne. For me it took almost two months for my face to finally get used to the medication. First I broke out more, then came the burning and itching. Yes it&#039;s a pain. Lucky for me I&#039;m a teacher so I was able to hide out while my body was getting use to it. Once the irritation started I stopped using it daily and started using it every other day. If you don&#039;t have severe ance this product is not for you and it may be more trouble than it&#039;s worth. But for those with severe acne highly recommend it. Good luck !"
"Viibryd has lifted me out of the depths and has helped me put meaning back into my life. It&#039;s not a miracle, however, it does lift the burden of depression to a point where I am capable of utilizing skills and coping strategies effectively. It&#039;s expensive and it&#039;s very very new. I experienced very mild side effects at the beginning of treatment such as mild nausea and migraine in addition to panic attacks that eventually went away (thankfully) but these symptoms dissipated within two days of each initial titration. I&#039;m currently at 40mg and I&#039;m feeling great. I&#039;m one of the lucky ones I suppose as I have not had to try too many medications."
"I went from taking 400Mg morphine, 80Mg Oxycodone daily. To taking nothing for one day, it was hell. The following day my Dr started me on 16Mg of Suboxone. Right away the urges just went away like I&#039;ve never even taken opioids. I recommend everyone with pill problems please ask you Dr. about Suboxone. I lost my wife and two kids over pills its just not worth it."
"I had acne since I was younger but after having my son at 20 my acne went crazy big cystic acne along my jaw line I tried antibiotics creams all sorts of things but nothing worked and finally my dermatologist put me on Aldactone. I&#039;m on it 150 mg. I was on 200 mg first but I got a little nauseous at times nothing major so my doc lowered my dosage but this medicine has truly changed my life. My face glows I get maybe one pimple a month before I had 10 or more daily I&#039;m so glad I tried this because I was considering Accutane but this is awesome with little to no side effects for me."
"I never write reviews on anything, but due to the fact that I was freaking out I know most girls are on the same boat I was. I looked everywhere just to read that it actually works and let me you, it works!!! As long as it is taken as the direction say. I has unprotected sex on Dec 28 and and within an hour or hour and a half I was taking plan b. I did not have side effects after taking the pill, I was actually worried that it was having no effect on me because I felt absolutely nothing. I&#039;m usually never the kind to get bad cramps when menstruating either way. My period was due on Jan 2 but instead I got it a day earlier. Please have patience, let the pill do what it does and you&#039;ll be fine."
"I have never had kidney stones and started taking alli 1-2 times a day a few months ago. I was just taken to the hospital for a kidney stone. I have not changed any other meds or anything else. I believe the stone is a direct result of alli."
"4 pills 2days each....bv gone but did get a yeast infection. Metal taste also"
"Lamotrigine plus Prozac was a nightmare for me.  I was misdiagnosed Bipolar II when really I had ADHD.  The two drugs that I was on had paradoxical effects and I exhibited really self-destructive behavior that I never had before.  I re-created trauma from my childhood and did other things that are now inexplicable.  That time of my life has become a complete and utter nightmare, and I don&#039;t even recognize that person that existed while on Lamictal/Lamotrigine and Prozac.

I didn&#039;t know I was ADHD until too late and severe damage had already been done to my life.  ADHD/Bipolar are often confused for each other, but the catch is that people with ADHD often have paradoxical reactions to psychotropic drugs. Be careful."
"I hope that the FDA is reviewing &amp; testing Tirosint.  

Thought I was going to die after only taking a low dose of Tirosint for a few days.  

Chest pains, extreme disorientation, very sick, could not stop crying.  The hospital did not know what to do.  My pharmacist suggested drinking lots of water to get it out of me, which I did. 

Nightmare experience!!!"
"My husband has chronic constipation. And has very bad cramping. He takes a stool softener and takes 2 different prescription laxatives. Which he says is really no help. He also can&#039;t take any type pain medicines since they cause constipation. The doc put him on Zelnorm. He says it was a miracle ...right off it stopped the constant pain in left side.  Then started to have normal pain free bowel movements. He said he hasn&#039;t felt so good. And was heartbroken when they recalled it. He said he would like to continue Eben though its got side effects but they won&#039;t let him. So Zelmorm does work and well enough to want to take keep taking even at his own risk. He says would be worth it."
"Glad to say , I am no longer taking this product that really never worked anyway. Have no symptoms for 5 years, everyone said I would be taking prescription medication for life.   I just change my eating and drinking habits  and you to can win the battle. Good Luck."
"I have been on Seroquel for about 2 months because I suffer from BPD, Bipolar disorder and depression.  As I am still building up to find the right dose for me (currently at 200mg), but I have to say that the positives of this medicine are so much more than the negatives.  I used to break out in anger fits to the point where I couldn&#039;t stop the anger and had to be held down.  I would break into a crying fit seconds after being in a happy mood.  Starting the Seroquel, within a week, my depression seemed to lower, my extreme paranoia disappeared, my anger subsided.  I have discovered (after reading another review on here) that after alcohol drinking I get crying fits and anxiety attacks for a few days.  I am excited to feel &quot;normal&quot; for once."
"I had clonazepam for four years and was told by dr to take as and when I needed it and unknowingly I took as many as four 2mg a day , plus propanonol and naratriptan along side thyroxine125 mg for I had a thyroidectomy , when I realised what they were all doing I eventually weaned myself off two years ago but my head aches are back with a vengeance ,33 days now non stop and now I know the pitfalls do you think I would be silly to start again say o 0.5 as its the only thing that actually has worked , a massive dilemma but I need help"
"Believe or not, I lost 15 POUNDS in one week, thats incredible, when I start my weight was 185, now one week and one day my weight is 170, I combine the pill with a littl work out and healthy food."
"I have been taking this for 3  months now and I feel we are getting somewhere.  I am taking 15 mg in the morning and 15 mg at 1pm.  I feel I could have the dose increased as I have only one side effect which is dry mouth.  No decreased appetite and no jitters.  I have decreased my coffee in take and am much calmer than I have been in years.  Before I had trouble with focus and gnatting about.  I know we are getting close to where I should be.  I am 44 and have suffered too long and so has my children, boss, friends, etc."
"September 5th 2016 at 4:30 p.m. It was me and my fianc"
"I started taking Saphris 10 mg at bedtime 2 months ago and I have never taken a medicine that is so powerful but without the horrific side effects of it.  My mother and I take care of 6 children and so I have a bunch of different personalities that are around me each and every day. When I started taking this medicine it took a great deal of heaviness I was carrying around with me off and that is exactly what I needed. The only side effect it gave me was the bitterness as it dissolves under your tongue, but that is well worth it for me.  I am on Depakote as well, I started Saphris about a month ago. I am getting off of Depakote and staying on Saphris - it is a miracle."
"I had been abusing alcohol for around 3 years when I landed myself in the hospital ED and the ED doctor prescribed me baclofen. I started on 40mg per day, and this was not enough as I relapsed several times. I am now on 150mg a day which is my perfect dose. I no longer crave alcohol like I used to, and my anxiety feels more under control. I have gone back to study and started to rebuild broken relationships. Baclofen has been my miracle drug!"
"I have not smoked in over a month!  I am so glad I tried it!"
"2 years"
"My doc prescribed this pill to me for insomnia and at the time i was started out with depression. She thought this pill would kill two birds with one stone. All it did was make me feel very drowsy and groggy the next morning. Did not cure my insomnia nor depression. Not to mention everytime I took it I would get very bad nasal congestion and pressure. I didn&#039;t like this med."
"I&#039;m getting married and was prescribed Sprintec as a form of birth control.  The side effects seem to run the gamut from &quot;it gave me terrific mood swings!&quot; to &quot;I was so sick!&quot;  I seem to be fortunate in that I experienced absolutely no negative side effects.  My sex drive has increased slightly, but otherwise my body tolerates it extremely well."
"I used them during this past quitting attempt and found them to help my symptoms of getting healthy again to the point where I could actually get to work while kicking my habit. Two orange flavored thumbs up."
"I have had two lower back surgeries (L4-L5) and (L5-S1) which has left me with severe pain in both feet and severe sciatica in the left leg radiating down to my left foot. I have tried Oxycontin and oxycodone with limited success. Now I take Opana ER 20 mg twice daily with about level 1 to 2 pain instead of the constant level 4 to 5 pain reaching level 7-8 when the dose wore off."
"I was on Azor 10/40.  It worked perfectly. Steady 120/80 reading any time of the day.  My new plan doesn&#039;t cover Azor and I&#039;m trying the generic equivalent of amlodopine and Benicar.  On the generic my blood pressure is 150/100.  I guess I&#039;ll have to pay the huge out of pocket price for the Azor.  I&#039;ve had no noticeable side effects on Azor."
"I&#039;ve only been on Lo Loestrin for a couple months, but I am very pleased so far. With other pills (and I&#039;ve been on plenty) I break out, gain weight, am extremely moody, but this one has been a breeze. My skin looks great, haven&#039;t gained weight (my breasts are slightly bigger), and my mood is great. I think I finally found a pill that works for me. Also love that they offer a coupon card which makes my payment $35!"
"Hydroxyzine is a pretty great medication for me. I mean, it isn&#039;t a perfect drug; I feel slightly foggy and out-of-it whenever I use this medication and the only thing it does for my anxiety is to take the edge off. 

That being said, hydroxyzine is pretty much exactly what I&#039;ve been looking for. It takes care of my anxiety when it&#039;s worse than usual but not nearly intense enough for me to feel justified in using a benzodiazepine while only causing a minor degree of cognitive impairment. 

Be sure to take this medication with a few glasses of water and some food (and maybe even an antacid), as hydroxyzine is dehydrating and can cause heartburn or other stomach issues if taken on an empty stomach."
"This is the only birth control that doesn&#039;t make me crazy. It does take at least 3 months for your body to get used to it and you have to take it at the exact time to prevent spotting and/or breakthrough bleeding. I don&#039;t gain any weight while on it and it clears up my acne. Once my body became used to it, my periods were not painful, lighter and shorter. Everyone is different but the key with this one is you must take it on time!!"
"Reading the reviews on people&#039;s experience with pain I feel they are missing the point that the pain is all the crap moving its way down. I experienced the same sort of pain this morning but it&#039;s the same pain I get when I haven&#039;t been for days and it all finally starts moving. It doubles me over and takes my breath away. So I think the pain is a sign that there&#039;s a lot of crap inside that needs to move."
"Really good experience with stronger dose. Now on lower dose and after a year or so the effect is nothing like as good. As atrophic vaginal conditions increase with age, it is obvious that what once worked well will no longer be effective at lower dosage. It is a shame that so many women will have to suffer this painful condition because of a shiort term study of a very small sample of women."
"I&#039;m 20 and this is my first birth control. I got it to control my acne and to prevent pregnancy. The very first day I took it I felt horribly nauseous but thankfully it went away and hasn&#039;t come back since. My complaint is the cramping! I basically cramp everyday or every other day. The pain is on the outside &quot;lady bit&quot; region too. So far this is the only side effect for me. My sex drive is the same, still waiting for acne control, and I haven&#039;t experienced increased discharge. I&#039;m on my first month and only have been on it for two weeks. So hopefully the cramps stop and my acne calms down."
"This drug has changed my life. I never thought I could get my life back but Methadone allowed me too. I can do everyday activities that I wasn&#039;t able to do before. I am able to focus on everything around me now instead of the pain. I have not had any bad side effects. The only thing that I noticed was when my dose is increased for the first 2 days I am a little sleepier at the end of the day but after those 2 days I&#039;m back to normal. It&#039;s so good to be able to say that now, I&#039;m normal. This has been my miracle drug, the people who say bad things about this are the people that don&#039;t know anything about the drug."
"I&#039;ve had bacterial vaginitis for years on and off. I really have never taken any serious medication because I prefer to do things naturally. I can say that candy triggers my odor a lot but I&#039;ve tried to cut back and the odor still exists. I finally got tired of the odor and over excessive discharge and was prescribed Metronidazole 500mg by my Dr. The first day no change, the second day no smell. I was so excited I had to tell people. I was so in bondage by the bacterial vaginitis. I haven&#039;t had any of the symptoms listed! I was fearful at first because I always feel like pills are going to make my heart race but it was fine. No headache, no drowsiness. I ate a meal with every dose and drank plenty water. This is my third day and I am supposed to take medicines for 7 days. It works."
"I&#039;ve been getting chronic gout for about 9 years. Was given Prednisone for the first time last week (50mg once a day) it seems to work fast but I found that the pain starts coming back between doses. Still find it to be working better than the usual indomethacin and colchicine. The only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is trouble sleeping."
"I have chlamydia. My doctor prescribed me this medication (two 500mg to be accurate. 
I don&#039;t know why people are complaining of vomit and diarrhea, I would consider myself a person with a weak stomach. I get nauseous easily over anything. This medication did not give me any side effects. 

I took the two pills at the same time then ate some food (not a lot) a couple hours later I lost my appetite but I felt fine besides that. 
 Without insurance the retail price for this is about $40."
"I was prescribed propoxyphene after having my first child, which went smoothly, but after complaining about my discomfort while in the hospital and nurses checking on me and my recovery. Everyone I had, said I was very swollen, after they started giving me propoxyphene I was much more comfortable. My doctor prescribed me some after I got home and it helped me take care of my new baby without any side effects."
"This pill is effective never had any problem."
"I&#039;ve been on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for about 7 months now, I only have one complaint and that is that it makes you super super dry. My boyfriend understands, we use lubricant but its not the same. Besides that I have no complaints, not pregnant and barely any periods. No weird mood swings either."
"My life has gotten better and brighter since I started taking this medication.  It has helped me get through a very hard time after losing three family members in a car wreck."
"I was having a severe, excruciating pain in my leg. It was tender to the touch and even putting on pants was such a struggle. I had an appointment with my doctor and from what I explained, he told me I have Fobromyalgia and put me on gabapentin 300 mg 3x daily. Ever since I very rarely have flare ups. I have been extremely stressed and have minimal to no pain. I still have a little pain. But it&#039;s not as severe as before I was diagnosed. So it works for me."
"This is like poison. Made me dizzy hand and feet sweating legs hurt. This was only taking one 1mg pill."
"My mom was switched to Rytary to decrease off periods.  She used to be able to walk one mile.   At first the Rytary seemed great, but then her neurologist couldn&#039;t get a dose that worked consistently.  The manufacturer says absorption is 70%, her Neuro says 50%, but sometimes it was 0% and when we would add some immediate release levodopa, she would get horrible dyskinesia.  She could barely walk and we&#039;ve switched back to old meds with little improvement.  I regret ever switching!!"
"It worked on an established migraine (six hours into a severe cluster headache) but took about three hours for the full effect to kick in. The fast dissolve pill was really nice."
"Took it while breastfeeding to help increase my milk production. While it worked for that, it also put me into a severe depression, which I had never experienced before. My family and doc were convinced I was suffering from PPD (just the phrase, &quot;How are you?&quot; would send me sobbing). After doing a little research, I learned of the side-effect and stopped taking it. The symptoms ceased almost immediately. About 2 weeks later, as my milk production slowed, I thought I&#039;d give it another try (thinking I&#039;d be able to combat the feelings, now that I knew the cause). Within a few hours I could literally feel the black cloud of depression descend. It was terrifying. I never took another pill, and have never had another bout of depression."
"I have been taking this medication for a month now and have noticed a big difference in the amount of times I go to the bathroom.  It is great, but like with all the other medications you must watch the amount of caffeine you intake because it doesn&#039;t work as well.  Caffeine will relax the muscle, but if I drink water or anything caffeine free I am fine. I can drink up to 3-4 glasses and still be ok. It worked better than all the others I&#039;ve been put on."
"So I&#039;ve been reading other reviews for this, and I really think that people should wait until after the first month to decide if this is a horrible birth control because OF COURSE we&#039;re going to have the bad side effects the first few weeks! Our bodies are adapting to a new drug so just be patient! The first three weeks I had nausea, mild mood swings, loss of appetite, and EXTREMELY sore and swollen breasts. Since then I&#039;ve been side effect free. I&#039;ve been on it for three months now and I have to say it&#039;s amazing! I take it for PCOS and because of my PCOS I would be having periods every 6 months and they would be KILLER! I would literally be in bed for days, but with this birth control I have mild short periods. It&#039;s fantastic. I definitely recommend it."
"Was put on Victoza 5 weeks ago for a high AIC of 7.8 even on metformin 500mg 3 times a day. At first I had a few side effects like pressure in the head and not having bowel movement for 4 days. Some nausea but not much. I went to 1.2 mg the 2nd week and I have lost 14 pounds. And my sugar is down each morning from 200 to 120 most morning. I feel very full so I eat small meals, or I get heartburn from hell. I only take the 500mg metformin each morning and the Victoza at 1:00pm each day. I hope it stays this good for me, I didn&#039;t realize just how bad I felt with high sugar until it isn&#039;t anymore. "
"I had a incident on 11/26/14, so that same morning 11/27 I went and got a Plan B, that same day symptoms kicked in hard headache, Severe nausea and cramps and its still going on because today I started bleeding 12/5 and my period always come at the end of the month. I guess this is just confirmation that the pill work and I will still get my period around the end of December."
"I have had Implanon since early May 2010 so about 7 months now.  I think that Implanon was definitely the right choice for me but it&#039;s different with everyone and anyone reading these comments should keep that in mind.  I was previously on the Depo shot for 2 years and have the same side effects on Implanon that I did with the shot.  I haven&#039;t gotten my period since it&#039;s been in, not even a little bleeding.  I have gained about 5-10 pounds but I am not a very active person.  I love not having to worry about getting pregnant or using a condom.  The only problem I have had is the extreme bruising and pain when I got it put in and it took a little over a week to heal all the way but I have a very minimal scar now."
"Best diet pill so far. I&#039;ve been on 25mg twice a day for a week and I&#039;m loving it. I&#039;m usually not good on any medication. Even some medications for my stomach can make me feel dizzy and weird. I&#039;m so happy with Tenuate. I don&#039;t feel nothing but like a good feeling. I&#039;m way more energetic. My mouth is always dry but I&#039;m drinking a lot of water so it&#039;s ok. I haven&#039;t felt dizzy at all. Haven&#039;t had any weird heart beat. Nothing. I&#039;m eating half of what I was eating before I was put on Tenuate.  So far so good!"
"Have been on this for a week, severe headaches and difficult to sleep. Have faith I will improve mood and depression state, but still waiting for those effects. I find the lack of sleep is difficult to deal with."
"After reading this forum, I cried.  For more than fifteen years, mania and depression were tearing me apart.  Lamictal seems to have changed this.  I notice a major difference.  Those around me notice as well. People are no longer afraid of me. I have had no side effects.  This drug has saved my life."
"My doctor suggested switching to Embeda from Oxycontin -he said there was no reason to tempt my teenagers. He warned me it might take a few weeks to find just the right dose, he was right, after a couple dose adjustments I feel great and now I only have take my pain medicine twice a day."
"Chantix is a miracle drug. The best way for me personally to describe it is that it makes you feel as though you&#039;ve just had a cigarette - all day long. Lighting a cigarette becomes a pointless and gross task as you&#039;re already feeling fulfilled and relaxed. I&#039;ve been a smoker for 12 years and haven&#039;t felt so relaxed since before I began smoking. Stay on Chantix for at least 3 months, and don&#039;t ever go back to smoking/stressing out!"
"I tried several medicines before finding success with this one. My depression and mood swings are under control, and life is manageable. My friends and family tell me that I&#039;m much more enjoyable to be around now. I feel that this medicine saved my life. The only negative effect it has is that I&#039;m hungrier and have gained some weight. I&#039;ve just had to make adjustments in my diet to eat healthy, but this is a good thing for my overall health too. I feel so great on this medicine that the negative effect is worth it."
"Worst medication I&#039;ve ever been prescribed for anxiety and depression. Took it for a little over a month (50 mg) with absolutely no change in symptoms. Absolutely not my doctors fault, she wanted to try something new to see if that would have a better affect on my mental health. Originally I was on Lexapro 20 mg and have since gone back to that. I feel like this really made my mental health worse and not better."
"Mirapex is a godsend.  Before Mirapex, sleep was non-existant unless I took a sleeping pill.  Now I get peaceful nights sleep. The only drawback is, it&#039;s expensive and insurance barely covers any of the cost.  But I can&#039;t live without it."
"I have been taking Lamictal/lamotrigine for over 10 years now to help treat my bipolar 2. I think the fact that 10+ years later and after trying other meds during my hard times I always come back to this one. Life does have ways of kicking me and those times are when other meds have been added or tried, but I always end up on Lamictal regardless."
"To all the negitive reviews it really depends on the person I had my youngest december 26 2015 and in mid January I got the depo shot and I&#039;ve lost weight I hadn&#039;t had a peroid I only had two days of spotting my sex drive is starting to come back and as far as moody goes I&#039;ve been Moody my whole life here my skin is clear that&#039;s about all I can say so please don&#039;t listen to the negatives I know there&#039;s a lot built depends on the person"
"It is only my fifth day on this medication, and I have only had a tiny bit of nausea. No headaches or anything like that. But I have a long list of mental health problems,  and I dont know if I am just having an episode, or if this medication is causing the depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts to be so strong. I am stuck. Prior to this medication I was taking seasonal, and it was my favorite birth control. You only got your period every three months (which I would even skip sometimes), but I ended up constantly having break through bleeding after being on it for over a year. I&#039;ve tried others. But now I&#039;m trying Alesse. And so far its not going well even the slightest bit. I cant handle the intensity of this emotional breakdown lol."
"My doctor gave me samples of Viagra 50 mg. tabs on Friday 2- 17- 17.
I took one at 2:10 pm. on 2 -18- 17.
I waited an hour tried to test it
I tried for about 30 minutes to get an erection and nothing happened.
I gave up on trying again after that point. I may take another 50 mg. tab on 2- 19- 17 to see what happens.
I am 65 years of age, but I thought for certain Viagra would help.
I will have to let my doctor know that there was no erection with a 50 mg. tab. and see what she says to do next.
"
"Over the years, I have tried a lot of different antidepressants. Some have been absolutely terrible for me and others have been alright, but Cymbalta has been life changing. I was initially very worried about taking Cymbalta after all of the horror stories, but it has worked wonders for me. It really is an amazing drug!"
"I&#039;ve taken Correctol several times in my life and it worked without any horrible side effects. I had back surgery and was on oxycodone for two years. Now, off of oxycodone for over a year, I have taken Correctol. I get VERY &quot;jittery&quot;, feel like I have to vomit, and pretty heavy cramps. Using Correctol all while taking oxycodone I had no side effects. Evidently, the oxycodone exchange something in my body chemistry which causes me now to have bad side effects. But, the good outweighs the bad. I&#039;ll still use Correctol when I have to, but now with side effects."
"I smoked for over  thirty years. I tried to quit numerous times using a vaiety of other smoking cessation aids and techniques including the patch, gum,hypnotism, cold turkey etc.. Over three and a half years ago, my physician suggested Chantix. Within two months I was smoke free and have never looked back.
I had absolutely no side effects and and almost immediate effects in that I had no craving for cigarettes.
Thank God for this product!"
"I have been taking Pristiq for about 4 weeks now. I have minor depression. I was mainly feeling overwhelmed and super emotional. I am so much calmer now and feel I can handle problems better that come my way. I have a slight decrease in appetite but at times I am actually hungrier. My gynaecologist said it would also help my hot flashes and it definitely has. The hardest thing about taking Pristiq is giving up my daily glass of wine. I feel it is best to follow the precautions totally. Overall this medicine has worked wonders on my emotional state."
"I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis in 2008 treating it with Canasa and Protofoam. It reoccurred in 2010 which had to be treated aggressively with prednisone, Asacol HD, proctofoam and Canasa. I did not continue taking the Asacol HD because of the price. My ulcerative colitis reoccurred again in 2011. Currently, I am taking prednisone plus 3 Asacol HD a day and am very satisfied with the medicine. No side effects for me. Once the prednisone is finished it&#039;s Asacol HD forever to prevent flare-ups/maintenance. Great medicine."
"I&#039;ve had it for a year and three months and it was alright up until I couldn&#039;t feel the string anymore and now I&#039;m having pregnancy symptoms. It was very painful during insertion. I will be getting it taken out due to pregnancy. But it&#039;s was a good birth control until now."
"Diagnosed a year ago. The tegratol helps with the pain massively, reducing it to more of and ache. My g.p has me on a step up and and step down routine so I&#039;m not in them long term. It&#039;s working for me at the moment"
"Diagnosed with depression, S.A.D. and anxiety, all because of my sleep, or lack of. 
Felt like a zombie everyday and would wake up on average 40 times a night, falling asleep for no longer then an hour then anxious all night and angry knowing I was wide awake. 

Prescribed mirtazapine 15mg one tablet before bed. It has worked wonders for me, I&#039;m able to go to sleep for about 3 or 4 hours then when i do wake up in not wide awake or angry and can go back to sleep. 
Granted I only sleep for 20 mins at a time afterwards but I&#039;m calm. 

It has been 3 months on and im still going OK. 
Id like to get off them soon so fingers crossed!"
"I&#039;m 56 had little energy, slept a lot and gained a good deal of weight. I have felt really good since I started Axiron. The change was immediate and dramatic. I look forward to taking it. My levels were very low and after two weeks of using Axiron the test showed the level was higher and the doctor was pleased. I feel a libido again and I have a lot more energy. My appetite is way down too, not sure that&#039;s an effect. When I use the applicator I hold it in one place against the skin for a few seconds before I move it around, then I slowly move it while pushing it in and out a little. Don&#039;t let it come off the skin and it now runs down my body rarely. Hopefully it keeps working. I like it a lot."
"Just started on 10mg  at night to help me sleep I have degenerative disk same symptoms as fibromyalgia. Sleeping better now, feel a bit better . Only my first week no side effects my GP told me to drink hot water everyday. "
"I received 3 pints of blood in 1982 when my son was born 10 weeks early. I found out I had 1aC in 1995 w/mild cirrosis, 600,000 VL. Today marked the end of my 4th week Harv. I had blood work done n find out Tuesday if the virus is gone. I&#039;m on the 12 week treatment and I&#039;m terrified of medicine but I stay focused on the end result of being rid of this. Take at noon with food on my stomach. Drink lots of water. ALT was 100 now 21. No diarrhea or insomnia. First 10 days flu like, dizziness, stuffy and hoarse ,mild headache. Already feel like a new person tho. Side effects almost gone. MORE ENERGY and enthusiasm. Take rest time when needed.. Just hold my breath and counting the days. Try to not dwell on it. Thankful for cure!"
"At 45, I began a two-year battle of hot flashes and excessive uterine bleeding.  My gynecologist prescribed various HRT with little to no relief.  At 47, I had a total hysterectomy.  The morning after my surgery, I put on my first Vivelle Dot patch (0.1 strength). For three years,  I have had wonderful results with Vivelle Dot from the beginning, no skin sensitivity, great sleep, very little hot flashes."
"Was on my 3rd week of the starter pack and loving the medicine when I found out my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it. Devastated because I hadn&#039;t had that much energy in years. I&#039;ve had chronic pain for 18 years and constant muscle spasms. It didn&#039;t get rid of the pain and spasms but it seemed like it was working on it, but with no side effects and the increased energy, I was enjoying the break from and 18 year exhaustion."
"I used to suffer from terrible restless legs syndrome, with countless sleepless nights. My doctor and I tried all sorts of medicine, from Sifrol/parkinson&#039;s medication, to valium, but none were very effective and/or had way too many side effects.

Then I started taking 100mg Tramadol and I haven&#039;t looked back since. I sleep well each and every night, wake up refreshed and my restless legs syndrome is totally eliminated. I&#039;m not having any side effects either.

This is a wonder drug for people with RLS. It really gives you your life back!"
"It works, but do not take three! I woke up out of dead sleep three hours after ingesting with SEVERE pain. I have irritable bowel syndrome with internal hemorrhoids so constipation happens often and always hurts.  I took three thinking because I&#039;m almost never regular and my last movement was over a week ago three would probably work best. I ended up pooping, but also had a heavy vomiting episode at the same time. Take two at most, do not take three!"
"I started Victoza 3 days ago.  My blood sugar readings were around 200 when checked each morning.  No change really until the second day at 136.  It&#039;s never been that low (morning reading).  I also in three days have lost 4 pounds.  I have been very sick to my stomach, and today had a very bad headache.  I hope this passes because I think if I can continue taking Victoza that I would be able to lose weight that simply won&#039;t come off any other way."
"I have been on this medicine for 7 years and cannot imagine life without it.  It doesn&#039;t seem to work for everyone, but is a lifesaver for me.  I had a headache for 3 days when I started it and lost my appetite for a week.  After that it was fine.  I can get by on 200mg if I need to, but feel tired still most of the day (but won&#039;t fall asleep unless I want to).   My usual dose is 300mg which keeps me alert and I can&#039;t even take a nap if I want to."
"IBS- D for over 30yr , tried everything but nothing worked. Took Viberzi and immediately my D was gone. Life was so much better. For those of us who suffer with IBS-D it was a miracle, I felt normal and healthy first time since the 80is. No side effects at all. Unfortunately after 3 months is stop working, like some other users noticed, the symptoms slowly started to come back. First the gas then the diarrhea. It has been 6 mo since I started to take it. I am about 20% better than I was before Viberzi &ndash; I guess I will take it and pray that it will not get worst, but it is a little disappointment"
"Amazing! My stress after my tonsilectomy led me to relapse into anorexia. This medication saved my life allowing me to enjoy flavors of food &amp; gain 10 needed pounds. Amazing life changer and my depression is less chronic."
"Works great for anxiety. Never had any problems with it %u263A"
"This pill does not work, I went to the store to purchase Plan B but they were sold out. So I decided to try Aftera.  Yea BAD IDEA.  I&#039;m now pregnant. Don&#039;t risk it with this pill, does not WORK!!!"
"This is making me vomit, giving me migraines, making me more irritable and I have dizziness."
"I smoked for 20 years and knew I needed to quit for my kids, so I decided to try Champix.  I quit Oct 15, 2015 and after 3 months I can honestly say that I have not had one craving since then.    Also, I did not have any side effects at all (vivid dreams etc).  I have been off Champix for the past 2 weeks and again there have been no cravings.  Champix has helped me quit the habit for good."
"I love this birth control. Face is absolutely clear, weight is constant, sex drive is amazing, periods are light, PMS is a little higher than usual but nothing excessive. The only thing I worry about is anxiety has increased, but so have other factors in my life that could cause increased anxiety so I don&#039;t want to blame it solely on BC. I&#039;ve been on this birth contol for 2.5 years now- no complaints! However, probably looking into an IUD very soon...Easier for my busy lifestyle. If you take a pill I would recommend this! Makes me sad it has such a low rating."
"I&#039;m devastated to learn that Meridia has been taken off the market. It is the only thing that has worked for me in terms of weight loss. I can walk, eat healthy all day, but Meridia is what gave me portion control. It turned the cravings off. I am so sad. I was just going to get another prescription after being off it for 2 years. In the last 2years I&#039;ve tried loosing weight without Meridia and have been very unsuccessful. Now, I don&#039;t know what I&#039;m going to do. I&#039;m about 90lbs overweight and each time I was on Meridia I lost about 40lbs in 2 months. Both times, Meridia had given me the energy to exercise. As I said before, I&#039;m devastated. I was really looking forward to getting on Meridia to jump start this weight loss and now I don&#039;t know what to do."
"A miracle. I stopped taking Methadone (60 mg/day for 11 years, then I weaned at 30 mg/day for 90 days), waited 24 hours, and took my first dose (2 x 8mg).  RLS was all the withdrawal I had! No stomach issues, but for the first 48 hours I was out of it but felt fine. Slept 18 hours, woke up, took my second dose and felt twice as good in minutes. Within 7 days I felt like my old self again. Take it, for yourself and your family. It works. I only had to take it for 14 days, and the physical addiction was gone. "
"This made me break out in broken blood vessels that became swollen. My lower extremities began swelling up first, I had had issues with swelling in my legs before so I though that was it, but it became much worse than I had ever experienced. It spread to my arms. I got red and blotchy and itchy. At that time after a week and a half of misery, I realized it was the drug. My previous treatment worked fine, I don&#039;t know why they had me switch. I assume to try out the new drug. I&#039;ve learne my lesson &quot;if it ain&#039;t broke don&#039;t fix it&quot;"
"Works great and does not cause erectile dysfunction like other classes of blood pressure drugs."
"A 1-pack smoker for 50 years. Legal professional (not an atty). Lung cancer operation coming up on 7/8/15. Pretty healthy otherwise - Stage 1A or 2A. Nicotrol prescribed by my Providence primary. Both my Providence pulmonologist and 30-year cardiocthoracic surgeon are fine with my taking Nicotrol even going into a lung operation where the lower half of my right lung will be removed in robotic surgery as nicotine itself is not a carcinogen. Upon my diagnosis I stopped inhaling cigarettes and switched to only 1, yes 1, Nicotrol cartridge per day. More and I would be dizzy, etc. No crankiness or cravings, not even right after a meal. Nicotine intake can be controlled with this product. Highly recommend."
"I have been on Vyvanse 30 mg for a year now and have had success taking it. I can work full time, have time management, take great care of my kids and keep my house clean. I sleep just fine at night. I do get irritable throughout the day if I don&#039;t eat. I feel nauseous and sick if I don&#039;t snack and stay hydrated. Hate to say it but it also worsens my anxiety slightly in the morning. Pros have outweighed the cons. As for weight loss I lost 7 pounds when I started taking it but have stayed at 130 pounds same weight for a year I am 5&#039;5 and 28 years old. I feel healthy."
"I think this drug is great! It makes me a little sleepy, but it works wonders for me."
"My doctor perscriped it and I am alcoholic.  That is not a good combination; espesically since he knew I was alcoholic."
"I took this pill immediately had trouble breathing nausea diarrhea, followed by a month so far of getting my period twice sore breasts, weight gain weakness, tiredness, heavy cramps lower back pain bone crushing headaches, mood changes, hot flashes and worst of all lethargic out of it brain fog. The worst mistake I made taken this garbage I would have rathered been pregnant. My advice is don&#039;t take it its poison."
"I actually don&#039;t know how long I was on Tanzeum, but it was 6mos-1year. Insurance stopped covering and it wasn&#039;t quite doing what it needed to for my blood sugar. I had some stuff going on that I am not positive was related to the Tanzeum (like joint pain) but it is worth mentioning because I see some other people saying they know that their joint pain was a side effect. However, I am happy to report that I didn&#039;t have any notable side effects or injection site reaction etc. This needle is so tiny that it does not hurt like Bydureon&#039;s big needle."
"Exceptional!  
For me, It takes between 1 and 2 hours to fall asleep.  Therefore, take well before getting into bed.  Once asleep I wake up in approximately 6 hours completely refreshed.
I concur with the others: Do not let your prescriber talk you out of using this extremely effective medication.
PS I only use this medication on an as need basis (2-3 times per month and do not have any underlying conditions)."
"I unfortunately have my first yeast infection of my life due to antibiotics.  I have been putting off trying to see if it would go away on own but after a week, I went ahead and tried monistat  1. Oh my goodness was this the worse mistake of my life. The burning and itching is so bad, all I want to do is cry! I have tried washing off as much as I can but nothing is helping. It is now almost 3 am and I have been trying for 2 hours to get some kind of relief. I hope this eases soon because I have to work in the morning."
"I have been depressed most of my life and especially during my menstrual cycle.  I have taken Zoloft to start with, Effexor, Paxil, Prozac and finally Cymbalta.  When I started taking Cymbalta I had such heart palpatations and other bad side effects, but I thought I&#039;m going to take this even if it kills me, better it, than me killing myself!  So I stayed with Cymbalta and I don&#039;t think I could live without it now.  It has taken care of my severe depression and anxiety problems.  You have to give it a chance.   "
"I can not believe the cost of OPANA ER!  After my wife and I pay our deductible for the OPANA ER we still get the shaft!  I take four a day and after insurance I pay $250.00 for 30 days and my wife takes six a day for 30 days and hers is $350.00 after insurance pays!  This is ludicrous. When I was given this medicine last year I decided that I was not going to take any more test or take any more medicine unless if is generic and cheap and that the tests were paid a 100%. "
"I have had mild asthma from being a child, however due to smoking I now have both asthma and COPD. I have always struggled with beta-2 agonists like albuterol or terbutaline becuase they caused a lot of side effects for me such as palpitations, tremor and nervousness. I relied heavily on ipratropium (Atrovent) and inhaled beclomethasone before trying salmeterol. This is a great drug because it prevents wheezing, tightness, coughing and breathlessness without causing and side effects. I take it before going out of the house on errands or physical activity and in combination with the steroid I now rarely need to use ipratropium as a rescue medication. I have tried both the powdered form and the MDI and I can definitely say the MDI is better."
"It worked well for sleep but I could not remember eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I woke up with it all over my pillow and cheeks weird.. I felt hung over in the morning. Also was taking Geodon and Effexor. I don&#039;t take anything now. It&#039;s been 3 years. I&#039;m doing good."
"Mood is calm after taking 1mg in the afternoon. If I have an outright panic attack I take ativan and 25mg of seroquel at night to help sleep."
"Sporonox works so much better than other medicines or vaginal creams."
"I experienced 2 attacks within 2 years. The Last was August 2014. On November 1st 2014, I was diagnosed with MS. I started Copaxone 40, 3x a week. Fast Forward to now, 4-25-16. I have had no new attacks since and no permanent damage. Sure the injections are a pain sometimes, and I was nervous at first. Plain and simple - If I mess up an injection. It Hurts! If I take my time and do it right I feel nothing. I have never dieted in my life, but now 38, I need to change my diet and exercise again. The medicine has worked for me. Aside from my weight gain, I am 100% grateful for the drug and will keep it going. Stay Positive ! Good Luck everyone. &quot;It is what we make of it&quot;"
"I was put on Sronyx in January, first time being on birth control, and I just started my forth month pack. I was nervous about being put on this birth control because of all the negative reviews I read about it. So I can say that I was a little timid. DON&#039;T LET THE BAD REVIEWS SCARE YOU. After 4 months, I haven&#039;t had not one bad side affects with this birth control. I haven&#039;t gained weight. My acne hasn&#039;t gotten worse. My periods went from heavy 6 days to very like 3 days. I was a cramp sufferer during my period since I started for the first time at the age of 13 (I am now 28), to the point where there was a few times I was almost rushed to the ER for them and I haven&#039;t had any cramps whatsoever ever since being on this. Give it a chance!"
"Only use this product if you are having a very bad case of YI. I was burning like hell and itching BEFORE using this product. I put the egg in, used the relief cream and went to sleep. It worked for me, it relieved my vag. Like someone else already pointed out, do not use this if you are having a mild case."
"I started Saxenda August 2017 and in 3.5 months have lost 33lbs. My doctor and I are very happy with the results. Started at 202lbs and now am 169lb. I was very anxious to start Saxenda but I am glad I did. I do feel nauseous often, but it is worth it. I also exercise 2x/week. I have more energy and it feels better to work out/move because I am not carry as much weight around. Good luck to everyone- I hope to keep on loosing!"
"This doesnt help at all I bought it or 4 yr old daughter and each time she took it the cough worsened I wouldn&#039;t recommend it to anyone."
"Relieved some nasal pressure and drainage.  After a month of continuous use, developed insomnia and muscle spasms around ear and eyelid areas.  Discontinued use and after 2 weeks, these symptoms disappeared."
"I won&#039;t stop bleeding"
"Was on Aviane for a year with no problem, switched to Ortho for 3 months and gained weight, got acne, and my sex drive DIED. Back on Aviane for 3 days now and can already tell things are getting better.

In my initial experience with Aviane, I felt a bit nauseous at times after taking the pill for the first couple months, but that went away. I didn&#039;t really gain weight, and didn&#039;t find it hard to drop some weight when I started a workout regimen. My skin was clear, sex drive great, maybe a little more emotional around period time but nothing out of control, really helped with cramps, and had a predictable and short/light period. I even skipped a period once on Aviane because of a vacation and had no side effects."
"I tried everything over the counter and prescription with no success until Dexilant, now I sleep at night and eat normal food. note: I do take a fiber to help with a bit of constipation. note:you can get a discount card on the Dexilant website."
"I&#039;m 22 years old . 5&#039;2 &amp; I start taking Adipex 01/27/2015 my starting weight was 227lbs so far in the past 12 days I&#039;ve lost 12 pounds. And I&#039;ve had no side effects. 

My goal is to fit in to my skinny jeans again ( 5/6 ) &amp; my goal weight is around 130lbs."
"Female 21yrs old. I have had severe anxiety attacks for the past 2 years, OCD since I can remember, and feel like I can&#039;t breath when I think about the what-ifs. I was on Prozac for a few months and absolutely loved it until I started grinding my teeth in my sleep. I tried the Buspar. I&#039;ve been on it for 2 1/2 weeks. It took most of my anxiety away. But I got so dizzy I couldn&#039;t stand it (15mg). Started halving the pills, still makes me dizzy. Gives me headaches and doesn&#039;t help with the stress or obsessive compulsive disorder. My doc is adding Paxil to the Buspar and hopefully it&#039;ll help more."
"I started on this pill 5 years ago (at age 20) due to extremely painful cramps that prohibited me from attending class. 
5 years later and I still love it! I went off it once for a few months at one point to see if the pill had caused weight gain; it hadn&#039;t. 
I do not get acne outbreaks, I&#039;ve only had a handful of times where I had to take two due to forgetting the day before, and have overall had a positive experience from this pill. Libido has decreased a bit but that&#039;s the cost you pay to not get pregnant.. My cramps are significantly less, perhaps every other month I do feel some pain but it&#039;s manageable by over the counter meds, which before was not possible. I&#039;ll likely stay on this until starting a family/make the IUD switch"
"It&#039;s been 5 weeks since the last shot in a series of 4 Orthovisc injections for my torn meniscus. My right knee is now super swollen, and my pain is now Twice as bad as before the injections!! I drug myself up to get to sleep, but I am awoken each night/morning with excruciating pain!! I don&#039;t know what the heck went wrong! I&#039;m only 47, with bone on bone, arthritis, etc. Had surgery to repair meniscus, but it was torn again! Only &quot;fix&quot; the doctor&#039;s say is a total knee replacement. Trying to push it back till I&#039;m older, but I&#039;ve had problems with this Knee since 2008!!! Can&#039;t take it anymore! Am I supposed to keep waiting for something to happen miraculously? I ice it daily, exercise, stretching, hot tub, etc. Any advice would be great!"
"In 2010 I take Zyprexa 20mg for 2 months. Now I manage to eat one meal a day cause I got diarrhea up to 5 times per day. I&#039;m surprise to be alive.
I hate so much what Zyprexa did to me cause it&#039;s so awful."
"I have been taking this medication for two months now. Overall it has been good and does what it needs to do, I have had nearly NO bad side effects: no weight gain, no headaches/nausea, no mood changes, spotted only once, lighter &#039;period,&#039; etc. Slight improvement in acne that wasn&#039;t bad to begin with, no change in breast size. The glaring exception to this is a drop in sex drive that was low to begin with, which kind of negates why I chose this form of birth control in the first place."
"I had a paranoid stint and was getting no sleep. My Doctor gave me Zyprexa and it pulled me out of that state very quickly. I like to refer to it as pulling out the big guns. It had no side effects for me and I was on it a short while."
"I have been taking this for a week now. It worked the first time I took it. But now 6 days later, I still can&#039;t go.  I take it at the same time daily, with water, and before meals to no avail.  I am disappointed it doesn&#039;t work as I am running out of options."
"I am in my early forties and menopause hit me at an early age. I struggled with whether or not I should go on HRT due to the risks.  With that said, the symptoms were creating shear havoc in my life (severe hot flashes, night sweats, insomnia and decreased libido-my poor husband).  I am happy to say that after my first application, I slept through the night for the first time in two years!  My hot flashes have decreased and I don&#039;t have that foggy feeling in my head. I am on Vivelle dot and a progesterone regimen. (light doses).  I began Vivelle dot two weeks ago and would highly recommend it."
"19 years old, suffering from extreme acid reflux for the past year... after getting to the point where 4-6 Rolaids wouldn&#039;t cut it after a meal, I started on Protonix-- bad idea, make me so sick I couldn&#039;t stand it. Tried ranitidine next... so much better! I hardly ever feel sick, and when I do, it&#039;s only from super-spicy food. I love ranitidine!"
"I was put on this medicine for post traumatic stress disorder. 1st day took about 4 hours and bam total toilet bound but after that good and gassy on 3rd day. So far so good. Been on a lot of medicines but they always burnt out within a week. "
"This is my third day on flagyl and cipro, 3 flagyl and 2 cipro per day. The flagyl does not leave an awful taste in my mouth but some food smells awful...the herbs and flowers in my garden smell nice however. I also feel very anxious, but know now this is a possible side effect. It is a slow depressing recovery but flagyl worked for me before. I will be very careful what I eat from now on and I am going to try some liquid meals and eat gelatinous foods...chicken stew, avocados, beetroots, prunes....its very hard to maintain a healthy diet when you have to work."
"It cleared my skull based osteomyelitis fast."
"I have been on this birth control for about 7 and half months now and it&#039;s my first birth control I&#039;ve ever been on and I love it! I use to have very heavy period that would last 7 days but now I don&#039;t even get one at all (no cramps either)! When I started it I had my period for about 13 days, then it kept getting lighter and lighter until there was nothing. I highly recommend it!"
"Started first dose at 5pm. The taste is bad, but not completely horrible. Imagine cherry cough medicine. Drank it with a straw and sipped Gatorade in between to clear the flavor from my mouth. Probably finished it in about 2 minutes. Then drank the 32oz of water over the next 45 minutes. Started working 20 mins in. Had the bathroom set up with cell phone, tablet, book, wipes, etc. Sat there for 2 hours instead of getting up and rushing back. Lumpy at first then pure liquid. Slowed after 2 hrs and went a few more times before bed. Did second dose at 5am. More difficult and lasted a little longer. 10:30am appt. Was out in 2 hours. Anesthesia knocked me out and woke up alert in recovery. No discomfort other than gas. Not as bad as I expected!!"
"Relieves major case of anxiety at 2 mg for 4 to 6 hrs."
"I was prescribed this for anxiety and depression and can honestly say I wish I had never taken the first pill. I was told to take 50mg a day and after the first one I felt unwell with huge pupils and &#039;out of it&#039; but thought I&#039;d need to get used to the pill. After the second dose it was hell, no appetite, being sick, unable to keep anything down, a pounding headache that wouldn&#039;t stop, blurry vision, hot sweats, waking up every hour in the night, shaking and horrid thoughts. I contacted a pharmacist friend who said I had obviously got the worse end of the side effects and if I continued it might get better or stop and ride out what I was already feeling. I chose to stop, I thought this pill would solve my problem- it did not."
"I have a 10 yr old daughter ( Bi Polar, Anxiety and ADHD ) who has been taking Geodon for about two months and it&#039;s been working great! I think the most important thing to remember is to go slow.  20mg for a couple weeks then 40mg for a couple weeks and so on and so forth.   It does make you tired at 1st but it wears off after a while. My Daughter was 1st on Risperdal for a couple years starting at age 6 but it stopped working well and she was gaining a lot of weight.  Then we eased her into Abilify and she was on it for 2 years and still was gaining to much weight.  I don&#039;t think the Abilify ever worked that effectively and she was just getting out of control."
"I have been on trazodone for about five years, ever since I was going through a nasty downward spiral due to my personal situation at the time and couldn&#039;t sleep for three days/nights in a row. 

The doctor who prescribed it for me was an &quot;old-time&quot; doc who wasn&#039;t into unnecessary medication (or any, most of the time) but saw there was a need that day with me. The fact that it was also an antidepressant was also a plus (but ultimately it wasn&#039;t effective enough on its own for that purpose). 

Taking trazodone at night (50mg) plus 1/2 a typical Ambien pill helps me sleep a good five or six hours straight--beats the way I used to sleep and thought was normal for most of my life; waking up every two or three hours."
"I have only been on Seroquel 25 mg for just over a week. So I cannot say if I will experience the weight gain or not. But so far this is the best thing that&#039;s worked for me. I was horrifically depressed and anxious for over a year, and before that moderately. But after just 1 days on the Seroquel I felt a huge difference. My thoughts had slowed down, my anxiety and depression got cut in half, my appreciation of time and continuity came back a bit, the disassociation was appeased. For the past year I felt like I was on one giant bad paranoia trip, and only after I started taking this medicine did I feeling normal again. There are still major things that are a problem, but the Seroquel makes it way more manageable."
"I was on the Depo shot for 3 years and was fed up with feeling hungry all the time so i decided to go with Skyla, my first IUD. Insertion was not the most comfortable feeling,  cramps.  I have two children and it wasn&#039;t anywhere near the pain of labor. I had cramping for several days afterwards and that went away.  I got Skyla put in last December and I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects. My period had stopped when I was on the Depo and I still haven&#039;t gotten it while being on Skyla. It&#039;s really nice to not have to worry about birth control. Only thing I do is check every 2 weeks to make sure I can still feel the strings"
"Former BC pill hater here. Other brands gave me massive mood swings. On Yaz and Apri I was basically Jason Voorhees. Swore I&#039;d never take BC again, but now in my 20s, irregular periods and recurrent ovarian cysts forced my hand. 
Bottom line: I LOVE this pill!! Cons: Sensitive breasts. Pros: Greatly improved mood; I feel like I&#039;m always having a good day. NO mood swings. Minimal cramps, light periods, fuller breasts, skin is great, can&#039;t stay away from my husband, and condoms are out of here. Doesn&#039;t get better than this.
If you&#039;re on the fence, or sensitive to hormones like me, this may be your good stuff. I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t listen to anyone else and just tried it for myself."
"Horrific side effects and incredibly difficult to wean off of as well because of the withdrawal symptoms. When I first started taking it, I felt some relief but it didn&#039;t last very long. I&#039;d taken Lexapro and Zoloft in the past and felt that, over time, they were no longer helpful in treating my depression which is why my doctor put me on Effexor. It took me a while to realize this medication was worsening my depression symptoms and I didn&#039;t realize it until after a botched suicide attempt. I don&#039;t recommend this medication to ANYONE for any reason. Worst of the worst as far as I&#039;m concerned. It&#039;ll trick your brain for a little while into thinking you&#039;re improving but the depression and anxiety will come back and hit you ten times worse!"
"After surgery long term nausea due to pain medicines"
"Excellent Medicine, I had a presentation which i always feared to take and used to avoid it, This time it was mandatory. i researched a lot on the net and found lot of good reviews about proprapronol - Inderal. Doc prescribed 40 mg. Although taking medicines is not good always, but very rarely when there is a presentation it should be ok. I was skeptical though about working. Had one 40 Mg dose 2 hours before, it took 2 hours to start working. In the meeting, i was as usual feeling tense before my turn. till i started the presentation i was feeling tense as soon as i started, donno what happened, but i spoke very fluent. Although i was prepared but still the fluency showed up and it was really a good feeling, This really really worked today"
"This is only medicine that works for me."
"I don&#039;t know what to do. I just started taking Bryaz a little less than 2 weeks ago. And already I wanna cry when I wanna hear sad music or music for reminiscing. I am tired all the time.  I have some trouble sleeping and did get nightmares a few times. I have the PCOS and Endometriosis. But I am missing my sanity. My Dr. prescribed me Beyaz for 6mo. And I am to skip the sugar pills which I read can be deadly."
"Was on Oxycontin 160mg every 12 hours for 4 years and had tried Opana at same dose last year WITHOUT BEING TOLD TAKE ON EMPTY STOMACH, so when my new doctor changed me at first I was scared and skeptical, however 25 days on 40mg Opana every 12 hours ON EMPTY TUMMY and I am AMAZED. I believe if we increase daytime dose a tad I will feel better than I have in 18 years, so anyone who didn&#039;t have a good experience with it needs to think if they ate with it. My doctor said if there is ANY food in your stomach the food absorbs part of it and it doesn&#039;t get in your system as well and it WILL NOT WORK FOR THE 12 HOURS IT SHOULD. I saw people making both statements so I hope this will help others."
"Horrible experience with Prozac! Started taking it on  a Thursday, and by Saturday had a buzzing in my ears, a full feeling in my head, and couldn&#039;t sleep. On Sunday, I completely lost my appetite, and became very jittery. I was barely able to work on Monday, and called off Tuesday because of generalized anxiety, not sleeping or eating.  I ended up taking three total days off of work due to side effects.  I literally had to force myself to eat a single slice of toast for breakfast... and barely got it down! I finally went off of it on Wednesday and went back on paxil.  By Friday, I am feeling like my old self again.  Plus, I had startling dreams.  I won&#039;t ever take this drug again!"
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon in for a little over a year now. I absolutely love it!!! I actually experienced weight loss but that is probably due to new workout regiment and diet plan. Periods are all over the place but I&#039;ve had maybe 4 in the past year and the only long one was probably due to a reaction with an antibiotic I was on. They were all super light.  I think it&#039;s the best thing since sliced bread."
"I&#039;m giving this medicine a 9 out of 10  And if it wasn&#039;t for the severe stomach pain I would give it a 10.  For the past seven years I have experience IBS-D. In the past 5 years it has gotten so bad where I choose to stay home rather than facing the consequences that come with traveling outside of my home. I have had my gallbladder cheeked a colonoscopy an UGI (scope) biopsies ultrasound CAT scan numerous blood work tested for parasites  not to mention all of the embarrassing stool samples given throughout the years. It&#039;s safe to say it&#039;s been a dark road with no light at the end. This medicine makes it a little better and manageable. Hoping  the cramps will stop"
"I take 0.25mg - 0.5 mg of this to help manage anxiety heading into public speaking events (about once a month). It helps me feel focused and relaxed instead of being anxious and worried for no reason. At a low dosage (once a month or so) I don&#039;t feel any of the major side effects people have described. For awhile I felt guilty about taking this and tried to work with a therapist instead and doing meditation which did not entirely relieve my situational anxiety."
"I was prescribed this drug for migraine prevention,starting at 4mg and increasing the dosage by 4mg until I got to 16mg,if the migraines had not improved. They didn&#039;t and the side effects I experienced were extremely loud tinnitus at 8mg and above,hair loss,acid reflux resulting in the need to take omeprazole to counteract this,insomnia,hot sweats,nausea and weight gain of 22lb due to the fact of feeling so ill,I was unable to do regular exercise.Not a nice drug and did not reduce the severity of my migraine."
"This is definitely not the same Differin Gel that the doctor prescribed years ago.  Don&#039;t expect the same results from the over-the-counter Differin Gel.  The products are not the same!!!"
"Had Diprivan for a colonoscopy. Woke up feeding normal without any drowsiness. Highly recommend."
"Didn&#039;t do a dang thing ! I took it like I was told to, and I waited &amp; waited &amp; waited some more! After a few months of not feeling any difference, or any better at all I quit taking it."
"My idiot dermatologist prescribed me finacea for acne. Absolutely terrible for me. I used it for 2 months during the summer, made my skin so much worse than it was in the beginning and gave me huge cysts on both my cheeks. Self-esteem had never been lower. Do NOT TAKE for acne. It was also very expensive ($80). Biggest waste of money."
"I have Firbromyalgia and I take 3 to 4 daily depending on how bad the pain is for that day. Less pain and it&#039;s way worth it."
"Update: I guess my cervix lowered and my strings are hanging super low. Hurt my SO while we were having sex and now i have pain of a uti not sure if it is(going to the doctor tomorrow)"
"I started Taytulla during the last few days of December 2016. I had no problems--no fatigue, no stomach ache, no headaches, just basically nothing out of the ordinary. Within the first couple of months, I had mild spotting, and the side effects of my period did not go away. I still had terrible cramps, stomach bloating, and my acne actually seemed to get worse as the months went on. 6 months later, I am seeing no difference in anything EXCEPT! My period DOES come at the right time at the end of my packet every month. The real issue? EXPENSIVE!!! With insurance only covering part of the cost (Original price is almost $200, it costs $80 a month. Who has that kind of money??"
"I&#039;ve had problems with birth controls since I have started taking them.  I was started on Ortho Tri-cyclen and was extremely moody and had issues with tearing of the vaginal walls during intercourse so I was switch to Ortho-cyclen, and the problem persisted.  Finally I was switched to Sronyx which solved the problem and the moodiness.  I was on it for three years until I was switched to Lessina because my pharmacy didn&#039;t carry it.  Within the two and a half months I&#039;ve been on it, I have gained about 5 pounds, have the worst acne I&#039;ve ever experienced, and cry over NOTHING.  Desperately trying to find a pharmacy that carries Sronyx."
"This, by far, this is the worst tasting stuff I have ever, ever, ever tried to ingest. It tastes like somebody had dumped a box of salt in water w/a little grape juice. I squirted lemon in my mouth after each drink. It took me nearly one hour to get 16 ounces down. Drinking the 16 ounces of water later was so much easier. I gagged and gagged and gagged! The straw did not help, so little by little I drank it. So, I&#039;m waiting for it to work. This is the first time I&#039;ve used the liquid prep. I usually use the gigantic pills, and while they are huge, it is so much better than this liquid stuff. I cannot believe that the drug companies can&#039;t come up with something that is tasteless. Or, leave out the flavoring.."
"I am 20 years old and I have always had problems with weight loss since I was in middle school. I went to the doctor and was prescribed Adipex. I have been on a low carb diet and I have been on Adipex for 9 days now and have lost 6 pounds so far. I am very happy with the results right now and I&#039;m hoping to keep at it and try to reach my goal weight! I am 5&#039;4 and before I started the diet I weighed in at 192lbs and so far I am down to 186lbs. My goal weight is 145 to 150lbs!"
"I just recently experienced my first urinary tract infection. I was on Cipro for 3 days and I thought it cleared up. But symptoms got worse within a couple days after I had stopped the Cipro. I was then prescribed sulfa... After 45 minutes within taking this pill I got terrible cramps, to the point where I couldn&#039;t even sit in a certain position or drive myself home. The second time, same thing. I have yet to take my third dose, but I&#039;m honestly scared and annoyed that I&#039;m probably going to have to go through the cramping again. Although, I must admit, after the first pill I feel my UTI is gone, but just to be safe I&#039;m going to take it for one more day. I didn&#039;t throw up or anything, I did experience nausea but I made mint tea and that calmed my stomach."
"I&#039;ve just had the Liletta IUD inserted and one of the first things on my to do list (besides mentally recover from the trauma) was to add my comment to the plethora of literature on the internet. I read so many terrible reviews concerning the Pain, and I honestly thought that the women who posted about that either had a low pain tolerance, or they were just expressing their unhappiness with the other side effects of the IUD. I am here to set you all straight... it&#039;s about 3 hours now since the trauma.. and ... it.. was.. the WORST PAIN OF MY LIFE. I don&#039;t even know how to describe it. Imagine a period cramp, except instead of being dull and spread across your lower abdomen, it&#039;s concentrated to one exact spot. Multiply by 1,000,000."
"It works for me.  I have been taking the generic for about 2 years.  I find it works best when taken immediately when the headache starts.  I take the orally disintegrating ones and place them under my tongue for quickest results.  The only side effect for me is I get very tired; but still can work and function which as you know can not be said when you have a migraine!"
"I am 34 and have suffered from severe anxiety. To the point that I fear leaving home. In 2010, I started having seizures in my sleep. I have done everything every doctor has asked and nothing works other than diazepam and/or clonazepam. Yet, I am repeatedly refused prescriptions of either. I swear by it as I have no control considering we all need sleep. I am seizure and anxiety free with medication."
"Migranal works for me 100% of the time, although somewhat slow acting (1-3 hours).  I used to get migraines about once a week, with duration of 1-3 days, sometimes severe.  For the past 3 years, I have been taking 10 mg of amitriptyline at night, and 37.5/25 mg triamterene/HCTZ in the morning.  Under this program, I get the beginning of a migraine about once every 1-3 months, and these events have been 100% controlled by Migranal.  Btw, the addition of triamterene/HCTZ was for Meniere&#039;s syndrome, and the effect on migraine was a positive, unexpected side effect (amitriptylene alone had reduced the migraines to about 1-2 per month)."
"i have had an excellent results with trazodone.  I take 50 mg at bedtime and fall asleep within minutes.  i then sleep for about 7 hours.  I wake up completely refreshed and ready to go.  I am not groggy or tired when I wake up.   I recommend trying it for insomnia and hopefully you will have the same results I have had."
"When they first tried to insert the Paragard the doctor had a problem. My uterus is flipped some type of way. Anyways it took the doctor and assistant to do it. A little pain but nothing like giving birth. I do have heavier period but no bad cramps. Might be too much TMI but my Sex drive has gone up since having the Paragard because it doesn&#039;t have hormones. I was on birth control and felt so tired and lazy. I love Paragard, best birth control for me."
"When I first began this medication, it increased my suicidal thoughts but that was expected. After about 2 weeks, I began to feel better. I was more cheerful. After a month of taking the medication, I was completely happy. There are days when it does not work but that is expected. Recently, my dosage was raised from 75mg twice a day to 150 twice a day. My body is still trying to adapt to the recent increase. I am more sensitive to touch. Almost everything tickles. I don&#039;t mind it. This is a good medication. I&#039;m a little sad that I have to get off of it in July."
"What a God send! After menopause at 50 I first thought &quot;yes! no more periods&quot; then the fun started, night sweats, hot flashes at the worst times like during business meetings, my Dr. started me on the patch .50 and within 2 days it was like a miracle - I could sleep without a towel on my pillow and the hot flashes disappeared. After a year he dropped the dose to .375 and it&#039;s still working. If you are having to fight the sweats and flashes - talk to your Dr. This stuff works!"
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz since I was 23 and I&#039;m 28 now. In the first month or so I had mild side effects-felt a bit dizzy and had some breakthrough bleeding, but they subsided after a month or two. I have PMDD, and Yaz has been a Godsend in regulating my moods-instead of being out of control for 3 weeks, I only have PMDD for little less than a week.  It&#039;s definitely helped me and I&#039;d be a hot mess without it!"
"I was getting nasal infections every 3 months that would last for weeks without treatment. I&#039;d go in and get antibiotics and within a week it&#039;d clear up. Then another 3 months later I&#039;d get another infection. UNTIL I started using this spray! As long as I continue to use it, I don&#039;t get nose infections. And, it smells like flowers, which I like. :)"
"I tried this after experimenting off and on with pills, Depo-Provera, and barriers over the past 5 years.

Pros: Transitioning immediately from Depo-Provera to Nexplanon, I have had 0 bleeding. Convenient. Insertion was quick, easy, and I experience little pain. No need to revisit the clinic every month or three months.

Con: I have noticed some weight gain. After receiving the implant on Dec 6, it is now Jan 7 and I have gained about 3-4 lbs. This makes me a little nervous, as I feel this could easily spiral out of control quickly. I&#039;m afraid to think of what the scale will say in another month."
"I&#039;m blown away by the bad reviews. However I fully believe every birth control affects people differently. This pill changed my life. I&#039;ve had bad endo since I was 13. I&#039;m 32 now. Bleeding to the point of not being able to leave the house and pain to the point a bottle of vodka was the only fix. Since I started this pill 2 years ago I haven&#039;t had a single period. No cramps! I still bloat near the end of my pack but not bad at all. No acne. Only negative side affect I think is slight unusual nausea but coming from awful endometriosis, it seriously doesn&#039;t even bug me. When I started it took a month for break through bleeding to stop. Body had to get used to it."
"Very good! I use it for insomnia and I fall asleep in less than 30 mins after taking 10-15 mg. I sleep for 7 hours after that, a completely recovering sleep and I feel very good and awake the next day! I even don&#039;t need my coffee in the morning. "
"I have been on Sexanda now for a little over 3 weeks.  24 days to be exact.  I have lost 7 pounds to date.  The first week was awful for me.  I experienced terrible headaches, nausea, heartburn and insomnia.  I was hesitant to continue the drug as I felt terrible.  I spoke to my doctor who advised me not to up my dose the second week so I continued taking Saxenda at 0.6 for 2 weeks.  Miraculously, my side effects lessened up by the 10th day and I was happy I didn&#039;t stop.  I just increased my dose to the 1.2 and feel some nausea and a slight headache once again but no where near as bad as previously. My doctor said everyone&#039;s tolerance level is different and as long as I am losing I could go back down to .06. No need to increase if losing."
"I used this pill years ago when I was early 20&#039;s.  Had NO side effects.  I&#039;m nervous about taking it now because I had some side effects I had with my old  BC of 3 years ago. I had severe nausea. I&#039;m too nervous to take this pill. But I know the longer I wait more my chances are of being pregnant. My Husband and I don&#039;t want anymore kids. I&#039;ll suck it up and take it."
"I was given Ativan for occasional use. I try to use it once every week or once every ten days for sleep. (0.5mg). I&#039;m lucky that I don&#039;t have to use it any more regularly because I don&#039;t work right now. I find that it helps me relax to sleep, and I wake up feeling and looking rested. The looking rested part is important because it tells me how good it is at actually calming the anxiety. I know that when my anxiety is high, even if I sleep 10hrs, I&#039;ll wake up tired and looking tired. But I think this medicine actually does a good job of getting rid of that anxiety, so your body can rest and get into some level of &quot;deep&quot; sleep.

But absolutely, really only use it on the day that you must."
"This antibiotic is the best, hands down.  The Z pack doesn&#039;t even come close to this. I take this when I get really bad sinus infections that go into my chest and I start feeling better within a couple days. I specifically ask my doctor for this when I get sick because it&#039;s the one that really works."
"I took this pill on June 16th 2015. I was really scared &amp; nervous because he came in me. A week later I had some break through bleeding. I took that as a good sign that the pill is working. I got my period July 12th, which was right on time! I will say that I did become a little moody &amp; I gained some weight, but it was all worth it!"
"I developed severe pancreatitis and hepatitis due to gallstones. They tried morphine  first, but it makes me vomit even if they give me Zofran, Phenergan or Reglan with it. I&#039;m allergic to many medications and latex. My only previous experience with painkillers was codeine for a severe cough and Percocet for a gynecological issue. I had an anaphylactic reaction to the Percocet. Not fun. So they decided to try Dilaudid on me - at least if I had a bad reaction to it, they could treat me immediately. I was so grateful! Complete pain relief and no vomiting. No side effects either nor like I was on anything, it just made the pain stop. IV Dilaudid worked within 30 seconds. They gave me pills to take home, the pills take about 30 minutes."
"lupron is not for everyone! I must admit I was horrified to try it, but it came a point I would rather die so had nothing to lose. In 2011 and 2012 both 9 months each. Then after treatment was birth control ( levora) high dose. Now 2015 just started having severe pain uncontrolled by anything else so started Lipton injection yesterday. This med made me forget I had the disease. I&#039;m not saying there could be long term issues or anything else. But right now in this moment I&#039;m not sick and every time before it was a god send. Hopeful this time will be as smooth as last couple times. Good luck."
"It&#039;s better than using nothing and provides a modicum of relief.  The biggest problem is that it only lasts 8 hours. I have to use two back up antihistimines once the xyzal wears off."
"Over years have tried several antidepressants.....in my younger years Prozac, zoloft, Paxil, horrible side effects! Now that I am in my fifties I have been dealing  with depression? Menopausal related,stress ,life.....tried natural Sam e  and some others with no results but only side effects....Finally started Wellbutin and finally feeling black cloud lifting with No weird side effects....Hopefully continue and feel like my old self again:)"
"I&#039;ve been on Atripla for a year and a half for HIV and HBV co-infection. My viral load is undetectable and it has also been very effective in treating the HBV as well. The side effect I experience is dizziness which my doctor was able to correct with a low dose Restoril (7.5mg) which completely eliminated the side effects. I take both at bedtime and do not suffer the insomnia common with Atripla."
"I had unprotected sex with my ex (first mistake) but he did not ejaculate in me on December 26. Planned parenthood wasn&#039;t open on that day, so I thought I could get Ella the next day, than I went in on the 27th but my prescription was out and I had to get take action plan b instead. So it was a little over 24 hours since I had the unprotected sex. Since than I feel super nauseas and my breasts hurt but not anything crazy, my period is due 1/8... I also have a white filmy discharge. I&#039;m so beyond terrified that I&#039;m pregnant I can&#039;t barely function. The day I had sex I was trying so hard to not let him have unprotected sex but he was not listening. I gave in but I am suffering the consequences with the stress. Am I ok????"
"I was taking Toviaz 4mg and that wasn&#039;t working for my bladder pressure. I doubled the dose and had some relief but the pressure wasn&#039;t totally gone. I get severe dry mouth and constipated. I have also noticed weight gain. About 7 pounds in 3 months even with exercising."
"Haven&#039;t had an exacerbation since."
"Hi, I have had this aggressive illness since the age of 20. I am now 31 and have been put onto cosentyx. I just had my first injection today and have had less pain and stiffness already. Given that i had tried every other treatment option this was the last form of treatment for Ankylosing spondylitis. No side effects as yet. Hope this treatment is the one. 

Regards,

Posso"
"My Anxiety symptoms before Lexapro
I was always paranoid of people judging me and just wasn&#039;t myself because I always felt panicked.  I would socially isolate myself from friends and family, which then drove me into depression.  My anxiety inhibited myself from learning and grasping new knowledge because I was too anxious to even learn.  Even doing the smallest tasks (paying bills) would cause an overwhelming amount of anxiety.

Now (after 4 weeks on 10 mg)
- I&#039;m mellow, feel confident. Someone I just met pegged me as an intellect! God knows how long anxiety has made me doubt my intelligence.  I&#039;m able to do tasks easier, which has reduced my procrastination.  It hasn&#039;t completely reduced my depression, but Im thinking of trying 20 mg."
"I was recently prescribed Suboxone by my Neurologist to Detox off of Oxycontin. I was taking 180 mg of Oxycontin daily and struggled with keeping a regulated amount constant throughout the day and had many side effects from the Oxycontin.  

My Neurologist prescribed me 8mg/2mg tablets full time for not only detoxing off of the Oxycontin but also to treat chronic pain that I deal with daily from damage to discs in my spine from T4 - T11 and L5-S1.

On Suboxone, my pain levels are very low (1-2), depression is minimal and the obvious, withdrawal symptoms from the Oxycontin were suppressed completely 20 minutes after my initial dose approximately 16 hours after my last dose of Oxycontin.  Excellent Drug for Pain Management."
"I have had chronic back pain for years, taking pain pills and was always constipated. I was miserable. My doctor prescribed Amitiza and I have had excellent results. No more straining and trying one laxative after another. Absolutely no side effects. What a great medicine!"
"I&#039;m a hoarder. Depressed all my life. My dr. Said lexapro would work. I tried it and took 20mg then 40mg. I don&#039;t go garbage dumping anymore, gained weight and sleeping problems. I don&#039;t know if its working very well. I know I get a little angry without it. I&#039;m taking wellbutrin too. I wish everyone luck."
"Unbelievable! I think and concentrate much better , focus, it does effect for men a little down below, but it makes you focus so you are very hi libido. Men know what I am talking about. It is great for that you mind does not wonder.  I&#039;ve only been on it for a week, it works immediately. And yes you worry because you can see things so good, and you are not used to it. So I get scared, that should go away. try it. you don&#039;t like, try something else, controlled substance, hard to get. Psychiatry will get this for you, and you need prior authorization depending on insurance."
"Chantix really ROCKS!  I have been smoking for about 12 years and have was up to smoking about 2 1/2 packs a day.  I started taking Chantix and followed the directions and I have not smoked a single cigarette in 5 months now.  I have tried other methods with no luck. I would recommend this drug to anyone who is actually serious about quitting."
"Iron sucrose in injectable form is a safe option for IDA and PRE AND POST OPERATIVE ANEMIA. Clinical experience of gynaecologists showed very fast Hb rise. Moreover it has no severe side effacts and is rated class B drug in pregnency so no anaphylactic reactions are observed."
"Been on Mylan Estradiol transdermal 0.1mg for 4 months. Apparently it&#039;s the generic version of Vivelle Dot. Well, it&#039;s been great in handling the symptoms of surgical menopause. No headaches or migraines, no more brain fog, lots of energy. However, I have gained weight, have trouble sleeping (never had that issue in my life!), and feel like scratching my skin off everywhere I affix the patch. No matter how dry my skin is, this large, thick, ugly patch has trouble sticking and moisture always gets under it. I end up with an angry itchy red ring that lasts for a week after its gone. So I&#039;m switching to name brand Vivelle Dot. I hope to get the same benefits with a smaller, less ugly patch, and hope it resolves the irritation!"
"I&#039;ve Been on this medicine for about 4 months. Completely changed my life"
"I have bipolar 1, GAD &amp; PTSD. I can&#039;t rage antidepressants (even on mood stabilizers) because of the bipolar disorder and buspirone proved useless for me. Xanax has really helped me keep my anxiety under control. I don&#039;t get the sedating effects that most people seem to. I&#039;ve been on the same dose for over five years. When my mother passed away, I was also on ativan PRN for a short period of time and sometimes I wish I still had that, too. Not for everyday use, just for extremely triggering events."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena for almost 4 years now.  I got it a month after I had my second baby and I love it.  I had little cramps during insertion and light bleeding but that was it.  I only had some spotting after that for a few months then it went away.  Now I don&#039;t have my period at all.  I don&#039;t get crazy moods, weight gains, acne and more like how I did get with other birth control methods I&#039;ve tried in the past. I may want to stick to using the Mirena still after my 5 years are up."
"I had it inserted when I was 20, almost two years ago. I have no kids, pain from insertion was ok. It hurt for about a week. I rarely had cramps before I got it,  but since then I get pretty bad ones every few months. I broke out horribly from July-Dec, and it only got better because I took medication for my skin. The acne left dark purple marks on my cheeks, that are just barely disappearing. I gained about 10-15 lbs, but after about a year my body dropped back down to what I weighed before. It has prevented pregnancy, sex drive is about the same. After that year mark things were going great until about four months ago. Apparently my uterus lining has been getting worn down by the IUD. Bleeding for months straight. Every day."
"My 16 yr-old daughter started using it. For a few days she was ok. Things soon changed however and the rest of the 2 months she was on it were horrendous. She is usually a very happy, optimistic and easy-going person. She became highly irritable, having frequent outbursts of anger over seemingly nothing. Her boyfriend, my husband and I were walking on eggshells around her constantly, as it seemed anything would set her off. She broke up with her boyfriend 3 times during that time, which she had never done before.
I was super scared and wondered what was going on. It took us a little while to realize it was probably the Lutera, and we took her off it as soon as we were able to convince her it was clearly unhealthy for her."
"Worked very well controlling migraines and increasing sexual performance."
"I really wanted this medication to work and took it for 2 weeks.  The side effects were unbearable (I am not a weenie)!!!  Headaches, nausea, dizziness and tinnitus were continuous.  I think you lose weight on this medication because you feel so miserable you don&#039;t even think about eating.  I want to lose weight, but don&#039;t want to feel totally crappy doing it.  Back to weight watchers for me!! BTW-I dos lose 6 pounds in 2 weeks but not worth the side effects!!"
"I got my first vivitrol shot 2 days ago. I was going through opiate withdrawals and alcohol was my daily coffee. I don&#039;t hurt or think about using. I actually drink coffee in the morning again. And my family is slowly coming back together. The only thing I have negative about the shot is I am only getting 3-4 hours of toss and turn sleep at night. I work in construction and I need my sleep. But what is weird with little sleep I still can perform my job just the same (commercial plumber/hvac)"
"Me and my gf met on dec 29, 2015. I thought that I pulled out at right time but am not sure.  I got too worried and she took planB after 7 hours.  After two days there was heavy bleeding to her with some cramps.  Then she fell sick for one week with cold, fever, stomach ache, dizziness and head ache.  The symptoms are severe that I was too worried and thought of taking doctor appointment.  But after one and half week she became normal but suddenly breast tenderness started, there was enlargement in breasts and soreness troubled her a lot which lasted for two days. Finally, today she got her period which is four days earlier to her regular cycle. It worked :) The symptoms are common please don&#039;t stress yourself a lot."
"I had mirena from February 2015, to help with heavy bleeding (but periods were regular). After four weeks I started having unpredictable flooding episodes, with frighteningly huge clots, and quickly became anaemic. After six months the bleeding was if anything worse so I insisted the mirena was removed. Six weeks  after removal I am bleeding more often than not, but with less flooding and clotting. It will surely take a while for my system to adjust, to get into cycles again, after being messed with quite so dramatically. If my doctor had indicated that mirena might in some cases make bleeding worse, and become frustratingly unpredictable, I wouldn&#039;t have gone ahead."
"I have been on Aviane for three months and I can&#039;t stand it. I&#039;ve had horrible mood swings and very emotional. My breasts have gotten bigger but I had extremely bad stomach aches from it and was miserable for the first month. Plus I&#039;ve gained about 10 pounds from it."
"I have been taking Paxil for 15 years now and it does the job most of the time.  I still have bouts of depression when things in my life go sideways.  The worst part is the weight gain and the lack of sex drive.  It is a tough choice but without Paxil I was suicidal.  It is a part of my life now."
"Stop stressing ladies I came back to give a review. I had sex on my ovulation day took it 3 hours later. I had to wait two weeks before my period was due...the first couple of days nothing second days and there on cramps nausea ....came on three days earlier. Okay let&#039;s make sense out of the ones on here that say it didn&#039;t work. Number one you must have been pregnant  already ITS NOT AN ABORTION PILL..if the  egg and sperm has met and attached to the wall you are pregnant that&#039;s why it&#039;s important to know if you had sex once and taking the pill thereafter. You can&#039;t have unprotected sex after taking pill you can still chance a pregnancy. You might want to wait until you come on before having sex again."
"I began taking Phentermine 37.5mg on Jan 28 2015.  In addition I am doing a low carb/low calorie diet of 1000-1200 calories a day.  I walk two miles a day and do approximately 1 hour of cardio a day.  My doctor prescribed it for 2 months on and one month off. I am currently two weeks into my &quot;off&quot; month of phen. As of today, April 10 2015, I have lost 40 lbs.  I find it to be an excellent appetite suppressant.   The only side effect I experienced was vivid dreaming the first week.  Cigna doesn&#039;t cover the prescription but with the GoodRx discount I purchase a months supply at Kroger for $11.96.  The doctor co-pay is $25."
"I&#039;ve been on the nuvaring for about 4 months now and I absolutely hate it. The only reason I have continued to use it is because I don&#039;t have a period while taking it. This BC gives me the most extreme mood swings I have ever experienced. I can be happy one minute then be mad/depressed the next. This has caused me to have relationships to fail in my life. I absolutely hate it and I would never recommend this to anyone!"
"My OBGYN gave two months of samples. She suggested this due to pre-menopause symptoms, heavy monthly bleeding, no sex drive, weight gain and no energy. I&#039;ve only been taking for four days and take the pill at night. I seem to be doing very well. I have energy and sex drive. No real side effects. I did today have a pimple on my face. I&#039;ll be turning 44 in July. I so far would recommend this birth control pill. I"
"Absolutely love this IUD. I had severely heavy and long periods (changing tampon and pad every 30-45 minutes for two weeks every  month) while on many different types of pill birth control, so I decided to get an IUD. The first 2 months were frustrating because I had heavy spotting and heavy periods, but then my 3rd month was a little better, and my 4th month, I didn&#039;t have spotting or a period, and it&#039;s been great since. Every month I still take a pregnancy test just to be sure and they&#039;ve all been negative, so I would definitely say it&#039;s doing it&#039;s job. I went to planned Parenthood to get it, and it was much more affordable than mirena."
"I just had my first child at 42. Had to have a c section. Went to the Dr. for my 6week check up and was asked about birth control. Didn&#039;t really do any research about this just read a few brochures. The insertion was painful almost teared up. Had bad cramps all day. Now it&#039;s been a week and it&#039;s like I can feel it. I have a strange discharge and feels like my last month of pregnancy all over with the pressure on my uterus. I&#039;m making me an appointment cause this thing is very uncomfortable. I&#039;m about to check to see if I can feel the string cause it feels like it&#039;s hanging really low."
"Ocella is a good birth control medication. For the four months I&#039;ve been taking it, my only complaint is the multiple periods of breakthrough bleeding, bloating and nausea. I&#039;m sure weight gain would be on my complaint list but you just have to maintain a really good diet and exercise whenever you can. But it&#039;s great."
"Started taking Camrese to combat PMS-related anxiety, and it totally leveled me out. Now I take it for contraceptive purposes and it has worked great. I gained 20 lbs the first time on it, went off, lost some of the weight, went back on it, and haven&#039;t gained since. No spotting after the first pack, once my body was regulated. The dose of constant hormones really helped me feel in control and normal again."
"I really wish I had this in high school. It really does help you focus on the task at hand."
"I got the implant on may 10th of 2016.
At first it messed with my period , I got it for a week and a half straight after it got inserted. But after that my period stopped coming, i had light bleeding which eventually turned into spotting now I don&#039;t get it at all. The only side effect I&#039;ve personally had is mood swings. At first the mood swings were pretty bad i would be happy as can be, than i would be so upset or down i. The dumps it sucked, but after being on it for 7 months I&#039;ve learned to control it tremendously and have not had any other problems with the implant."
"Not bad! I&#039;m taking other meds as well. I recommend everyone gives it a chance before judging to harshly on this site."
"Was given my first  two shot booster and nothing happened at all. After 5 weeks with one shot a week I have no improvement  at all. Suddenly felt sick and sleepy all the time and got the worst vaginal yeast infection I have ever had a long with urinary tract issues.  Not going to continue this treatment.  Just glad that my medical  insurance didn&#039;t pay the 16 thousand dollars that  big pharma  mercy wanted for a three month treatment!"
"I have found Seroquel to be an excellent option for individuals like myself who may have formed an addiction to the regularly prescribed sleep medicines.  I have suffered with insomnia for over 30 years. On this medicine, I have experienced sleep without morning grogginess; however there have been severe muscle jerks of my legs - more severe than my regular restless leg syndrome which I have already been diagnosed.  This side effect is why the medication is not rated at a higher level.  But I would rather have the muscle jerks of my legs than to go through the drug detox process again."
"It helps but there are times I just do not have time to get to a bathroom. I am 69 and have trouble getting a erection. I do not know if the drug is part of the cause."
"This is probably the best thing to have happened to me this year (discovering these magic pills). I had my first cold sore about 6 years ago and had been getting them 3-4xs a year and then it gradually went down to 1-2yr. I would normally let it run its course (usually 2 weeks ), which was not only embarrassing but painful, and treat it with over the counter gels and home remedies. My most recent one came back ALL over my top /bottom lip...so I got prescribed 1500mg, took them the 3rd day (by this day the bumps had already risen up and where visible), packed on some abreva and by morning the bumps were almost gone. My bottom lip cleared out and all that was left on top was redness. I cant stress enough how good these are."
"Waking up with negative thoughts and anxiety mostly in the morning, most of my life. Due to major problems at work, Dr gave me Zoloft and the like--- all were HORRID. Finally heard about Paxil, got on it, and the days all became sunny, with birds singing outside, even in winter. Was on it (20mg I think) for more than 8 years. The ONLY downside was major loss of sexual interest. Perhaps the dose was too high. Easily weaned off of it 2 years ago, over 1 month, without problems, except that the anxieties are back. At age 70, I may go back on it."
"As very effective this drug is I beg people not to take! The withdraws from this drug will kill you! I am fighting every month to be on time with these patches ! I am dropping to 25mcg tomorrow and it has been such an unspeakable fight ! This will take your life away ! Please seal alternative pain relief! This drug should be for hospice only and special cases!"
"I have been on this Birth Control pill for 2 years now. I have not had ANY trouble with it ever and really was happy with it. I&#039;ve heard my girlfriends talking about their birth control pills and how they have horrible side effects with them. I have always been happy with this pill and would recommend it to anyone!"
"Lost 8 pounds after 7 weeks on Belviq with no pain because I lost my cravings for sweet and chocolate! Never hungry anymore. Piece of cake! I wish I could have that wonderful pill years ago."
"Had hives nearly every day for 3 weeks (at first I thought I was getting bug bites).  Went to the Doc and she told me to try Zyrtec.  Last night was the first time in 3 weeks I&#039;ve been hives and itch-free.  It&#039;s amazing.  I just wish I could find out what&#039;s causing the outbreaks!"
"I decided to take birth control just in case I decided to become active in the future. I wanted to start taking the pill before the school year to see how it would impact me and to get adjusted. At first, my acne flared up more than usual. Once I got my period, I experienced horrid and uncomfortable cramps one of the first days, that I had to call out of work for being sick (I was crawling, crying and threw up once). The period lasted about 2 weeks. I&#039;ve had slightly bipolar moods before but once taking this pill, the moods were extremely hot and cold. For two hours I would be angry and then I would experience happiness for a bit, just to go into another anger/sadness. Depression was worse with bad thoughts. I&#039;m stopping the pill now."
"I had no noticeable side effects at all.  I did have some cramping the first month that was slight.  I took some ibuprofen when it bothered me.  I spotted for about 3 weeks and had one small period.  Then my periods stopped.  Once in a while I get a little pink speck on toilet paper, none on my underwear.  It is wonderful having birth control and not worrying about pills, periods, mood swings, or headaches.  It is the best birth control ever!  I also like the shorter commitment and the extra low hormone content.  No weight gain.  I love that is pretty much stopped my PMS completely.  I notice a slight mood change once a month-ish and it used to be really bad for me.  It is a big improvement.  I am 42 and I plan to stay on this until menopas"
"I&#039;ve only been on it for 7 days at 30 mg. My Dr said to increase to 60 mg after a week.  I feel it&#039;s working for my anxiety at this level so I don&#039;t think I should go up. Thoughts?"
"Hey everyone, told you I&#039;d be back. Lol
So I&#039;m still on the AK 100mg. pill. I have lost over 3 pounds. I haven&#039;t changed anything since before taking this medication. In fact the only thing it changed is my mood, and stress levels, an of course my hormonal issue.
I do have a tiny list of effects it&#039;s had on me so far. Ok so, my voice before was deeper an more loud, angry so to speak.(Which was because of too much testosterone in my system.) So my voice started to change 3 days after starting this pill. It gave me a slight sore throat at first. Then my voice would cut out, or crack. So embarrassing...but now I have a softer tone. My depression is much less, I&#039;m much happier now an positive. Acne is gone now too. Btw I&#039;m 38. An progesterone works."
"I am 20 years old and this is my second time using the Skyla as my birth control method and I love it. It hurts slightly when it get put in and then cramping for a day or two but then it&#039;s mostly bliss! My periods are very rare, maybe 3 or 4 a year, no severe weight gain or skin problems. My cramping is much more manageable than it used to be. I&#039;m not pregnant and have never been so obviously it works. It does however sometimes make me nauseous and have bad acid reflux but other than that I&#039;ve enjoyed my experience with it."
"I started on Lomaira about a month ago and I&#039;ve lost 25 lbs about 10% of my body weight. Ive been dieting and doing light exercise. 

I don&#039;t have any side effects and I take the full dose 3x a day. Hopefully I will continue to lose weight. Price isn&#039;t too bad and way cheaper than anything else my doctor recommended."
"I got Skyla inserted yesterday so this review is only on insertion and the 24 hours after. 
I was seriously freaked out about the insertion after reading so many bad reviews. I took Misoprostol 6 hours before the procedure, and 550mg of naproxen an hour before. My gyno told me everything she was doing and told me when there was about to be pain. The whole thing took about 90 seconds from start to finish. There were three cramps, a small one, a medium one, and then one big sharp one that made me close my eyes. the pain really was not bad, it just caught me by surprise. After it was over I had light cramping for a few hours, and have been spotting with brown discharge. Other than that, I can&#039;t tell its in there!"
"I took this pill less than 24 hours after having unprotected sex and now I am pregnant. The pharmacist told me it is the same thing as Plan B. It is not. It might work for some people but it is hit or miss. Spend the extra $10 and get the name brand, I really regret not getting Plan B."
"Hi, 
 I would like to share my story with you, I am a 29 year old Female from South Africa,  Extremely overweight.   I started my weight loss journey on the 23 May 2017.

Weight Started: 90 Kg &ndash; 23/05/17
Current Weight: 83.4Kg &ndash; 01/06/17
Weight lost: 6.4Kg &ndash; 8 days
Goal Weight: 60

Symptoms were extremely mild, Slight nausea and vomiting."
"I have struggled with severe acne on my face, chest, and back since I was 14 and I am now 22. I had cystic acne that was so painful and embarrassing that I would often cancel plans so I wouldn&#039;t have to go in public. I have seen multiple doctors and dermatologists and nothing has worked for me. I have tried everything but accutane because I&#039;m too scared about the side effects. I wanted to try spiro because my sister who had acne worse than me is taking spiro and it completely cleared her acne. I started at 50mg per day in April and it did cause an initial flare up but after the flare up subsided I didn&#039;t get anymore cystic acne. I still got smaller spots of acne but no more painful cysts. Now I am at 75mg per day and I hardly ever get acne!"
"Thanks to God, my dr and the makers of sutent, I&#039;m still here. I got my left kidney removed and three years later I discovered a mets in the spine and liver which was treated with radiation followed by sutent. I started with 50mg but couldn&#039;t tolerate so it got reduced to 25mg. The condition is stable for 8 months now and the side effects are bearable. I&#039;m very grateful and recommend this medication to anyone who needs it"
"Thank you for inventing this drug!!!! I was in so much pain, I truly wanted to end my life, until my doctor finally prescribed this! I have a whole new lease on life now. My only worry is, he&#039;s worried he will have to take me off it soon because his clinic doesn&#039;t want to be in bad standing for prescribing it. That would be just awful if he stops my prescription."
"I was personally not on this pill, but my mom was and currently still is. Though she has lost about 20 lbs in the last month or so, she has been experiencing side effects. First off, she&#039;s had severe headaches since starting the medicine. She&#039;s had extreme mood swings, and is very nauseas and dizzy at times."
"Following major jaw surgery, wires and screws were to be removed from my upper jaw, extending all the way to my eye sockets. I arrived at the center, was asked to sit in a dental chair, and had both arms strapped down. I wondered about that.

Then, versed was administered. Off to neverland? Never. When I awoke, thinking it was all over, the doctor was quite upset with me. I had unknowingly become agitated and combative and he was unable to begin.
Versed didn&#039;t work for me. I was very embarrassed to hear how the drug caused me to behave."
"Well i have been on this medication for about 5 months so far i been loving it periods have decrease so is cramping . I did gain weight with this medication (5lbs) which is not bad for me because i was way too skinny ,  no mood swings no acne. the only thing i do have to say is that  this medication is expensive but worth it"
"Hot flashes were relieved; however I suddenly (never before experienced) a migraine with some nausea after 2 months on this medicine.  I used ES Tylenol and felt better in 3 hours.  Since this is the only medication I was taking and my overall health is very good, I decided to reduce the dosage by taking the medication every other day.  The hot flashes were still relieved and this half dosage was for one month.  Last week I suffered another migraine and vomiting and was under the weather for an entire day.  I have decided to go off the medication completely."
"This medication has helped me a lot. I am taking 1mg of lorazepam and 1/2 mg of Xanax and this together works really great. Thanks"
"I had been on Asacol HD until my insurance Cigna stopped covering it. I had been okay, but had to watch what I ate and often has loose bowel movements.

First night after taking Apriso was terrifying. I felt like all my muscles were numb in the middle of the night and I had night sweats. (I had drank some wine that evening)

But when I awoke the next morn, by bowel movements seemed okay. I kept on Apriso and saw the numbing impct at night dwindle. In fact I seem to be getting more restful sleep.

It has been 3 weeks so far, and I feel this is the best I have been with my UC single I was diagnosed 18 years ago.

Certainly recommend trying it out!"
"I have had IBS-D for the past 8 years and am able to manage it with a regular regime of Xifaxan for the past several years. Every 6 weeks, I go on a 10 day regimen of Xifaxan and, yes, it does get worse when I&#039;m not on it.  But I can control the diarrhea, and somewhat the bloating. The bloating gets worse with my diet.  So watching gas producing foods is a must."
"My PSA was going up, it was up to 381.2 when I was put on Zytiga within a 2 month period my PSA was down to 2.2
some side effects, swollen legs, some loose stools and hot flashes."
"This is perfect for sleep at 7.5 or less. Get to sleep easily, with no worrisome thoughts before bed. I was taking it for depression after a no-go with Prozac. I couldn&#039;t handle the fatigue at therapeutic dose and now I use Wellbutrin XL 300 in morning and Remeron 7.5 at bed. I take the wellbutrin at 6am then go back to bed. When I get up at 8, I already have a lift from the Wellbutrin, one cup of coffee and absolutely no fatigue. Happy, less anxious, lost a few pounds and no sexual problems. I love this combination, and don&#039;t feel a need to change or add anything. I am curious how a higher dose of Remeron would be now, but I would hate to lose the fabulous sleep effect I get now. I am guaranteed to sleep within 30 mins. Great meds!"
"I was taking Lorcet and Soma&#039;s for about 4 years.  I was taking anywhere from 5 to 20 a day.  I heard about Suboxone a while back. Finally I decided it was my time to stop using so I did a little research on doctors that prescibed it in Houston,  found a reasonable clinic, and I love it.  I have already referred 2 friends, that thought like me, that they couldn&#039;t live without the pills.  If you are serious about quitting, I definitely recommend suboxone. IT WORKS. Good luck to those of you trying to get sober."
"I personally had a horrible experience with escitalopram. I was admitted to a hospital  because of a severe depressive episode. I was feeling that I was in a very dark place where everyone is going to abandon me, on top of depression I also felt extreme anxiety. It was my first time in the hospital for depression and I have never tried antidepressants before. They game me escitalopram (10mg) and abilify (1mg). For about an hour after taking the pills I felt more apathetic - which was better than I felt before but after one hour passed, I started to feel very nauseous and my heart rate increases, I felt that I was going to have a panic attack. For several hours I felt extreme fear, worse than before and I threw up several times."
"My Pain mgt. doctor switched me from Demerol to Nucynta for break-through pain of chronic migraines.  Surprisingly, I found it to be effective, but I noticed from the start that it greatly diminished my language skills:  reading, writing, and speaking.  As per doctor&#039;s orders I stayed in bed while under the effects of Nucynta so this weird side effect didn&#039;t cause me any issues.
     Until...After using it for 15 months, I found my language skills to be extremely loopy, creating comments from friends and neighbors, DAYS after taking Nucynta. That scared me and my doctor immediately took me off this medicine when I finally advised her of the language problem it presented.  I could be reading a sentence and forget a word&#039;s meaning."
"I have had asthma since infancy.  (I am now 81!)  I have probably used all the common medications - i.e. albuterol, singulair, etc., etc. in my lifetime.  Dulera allows me the luxury of one puff at night, and a good night&#039;s sleep.  I am otherwise very healthy having long ago given up the things that are bad for health, like smoking, eating sweets, alcohol, and I have a wonderful life!  So part of it is the medication, and part of it is up to me - my lifestyle."
"I&#039;ve had ongoing PTSD for the past 15 years, including nightmares almost every night. My neurologist finally started me on prazosin to see if it would help me get any sleep. I had to go up to 4mg to make the nightmares stop. I tried to go back down to 3mg but had nightmares so went back to 4mg. 

After 2 months at 4mg I&#039;m back to not sleeping well and having nightmares 4-5 nights a week. I&#039;m concerned that I will continue to build up a tolerance and it will become less effective. 

I did have one incident where I got up in the middle of the night and passed out, remaining unconscious for over 40 minutes. I have to really watch out for low blood pressure when taking any BP altering meds like this. A salty snack before bed seems to help."
"I have lost 66 pounds since last July.Since Jenny Craig,Adkins,Lipozene and everything else is a yo yo trap. I am happy to be where  I am now based on past failures. Do not lose hope this will change your life for the better. Headache yes, great sleep yes. No lap band, no awful gastric bypass for me."
"Have taken it for one day and I feel better already. When you go to the bathroom once a week, you look for anything that will help. It&#039;s Tuesday and 2 movements already this week. It&#039;s great."
"I was prescribed after having neck fusion for neck and shoulder spasms prescribed over a year ago.  I didn&#039;t take it but recently started having worsening symptoms that are not managed by alleve and were disrupting my sleep so started taking them. several episodes over the past couple months of indigestion (not common for me).  was only taking once a day but have increased to taking 2x so I can get sleep and function.  no lethargy but have been having horrible nightmares.  also wake up sweating, with extreme fluctuations from cold to hot.  have gained 10 lbs in past month and probably 15 in last 2 1/2 months but it is not listed as a side effect????  not sure how much it is helping and looks like I will have to discuss other alternatives with docto"
"I took Next Choice One dose after unprotected sex in late Dec 2014. I just had ended my period a couple days prior and probably was not ovulating but took it just in case. After taking the pill I experienced tiredness the first day. Awful cramps for a couple days after and then started to bleed for about 4 days which seemed like a period. This is a common side effect I read. I was also told if you bleed after the pill, that usually means it worked. My period ended up coming last night which is 8 days after my normal period date. I was stressed the whole time waiting for my period to come. Finally it&#039;s here. This pill works!"
"This is the best out there. I have been on Roxicodone for 2 years and it is the only pain medication that actually takes away the pain and it doesn&#039;t even make me tired."
"I started to notice that I sweat a lot so I went to the doctor yesterday and she prescribed Hypercare. When I got home I put it on and about 30 minutes later my under arms started to burn and swell and was red. I was up all night long in pain and couldn&#039;t do anything about it and I&#039;m still sweating today."
"I have not seen Tresiba do much of anything. I was on Lantus @ 60 units 2 sX daily, along with Metformin 1000mg 2 X daily and Victoza 1.8 mg 1 X.
I switched from Lantus to Tresiba @ 70 units daily, maintaining my other meds. My morning readings sky rocketed from 85-140 to 275- 340. My diet stayed basically the same. Over a period of 4 to 6 wks, I increased the Tresiba slowly and am now up to 110 units daily. NO CHANGE !!! THIS IS CRAZY. I&#039;m going to try one more increase to 120 units. 
I had to stop Lantus b/c my ins comp (PPG / CVS- Caremark) decided not to cover Lantus."
"the alternative, which was 5 months of back to back Plan B, followed by a surgical abortion, which was followed by yet another dose of Plan B.

This is my first experience with birth control other than condoms. It&#039;s only been 2 months for me, but since getting paragard my sex drive is super high and I&#039;m really glad I did it. I spotted for 2 weeks after insertion. Then 2-3 weeks later, my period came. My first period was long- 2 to 3 extremely mind bogglingly heavy days, 3 normal days, and 5 extremely light days (spotting). No cramps though.

My insurance covered the entire cost. My only concern is I&#039;ll end up being part of the 0.8% that gets pregnant."
"It worked for about a year and then the panic and anxiety came back. Even being weaned off of the drug I had the most horrible side effects, mood swings, 40lb weight gain in only one month to name just a few. I have been off of it now for about 6 months and still experience the brain jolts.  "
"I&#039;m not sure why this medication is considered a schedule II &#039;narcotic&#039;. Perhaps having been prescribed Oxycodone, Hydromorphone, and Fentanil in the past is a factor in forming this opinion, but I have been fortunate enough to find a specialist willing to treat fibromyalgia-related pain with Nucynta.

This medication does not give me any of the usual negative opioid side effects, nor the weird SSRI/SNRI type mental side effects of Tramadol. Nausea is rare and possibly unrelated, no itching, or lack of mental clarity. I can see why it would be inadequate for post-surgical or trauma-induced pain but it works perfectly for my current state of managing physical therapy after a long period of inactivity."
"I was addicted to pain killers for about 2 yrs. I lost everything, my family, my significant other, my beautiful convertible. My parents called the cops on me all the time. The pharmacist knew exactly what I was up to and would always look down on me when I would get my pills. My dr would just give me whatever I asked for, she had no idea I was abusing all these pills. Eventually I got caught and had no way of getting the pills so I decided it was time to get help. I found a Suboxone Dr and it was the best thing I have ever done. I will be clean for a year on May 8th of this year."
"Im 28 no kids never pregant. I&#039;ve expelled paragard twice so tried skyla because it is smaller, more flexible and had less hormones than mirana or ocella. I had skyla insterted 3 weeks ago and have yet to stop bleeding - which is getting very frustrating. It&#039;s not a full scale period but heavy spotting enough to fill a few panty liners a day or a thin pad. From everything I&#039;ve seen online and on the skyla website prolonged bleeding is common in 59% of women for the first 90 days. Hopefully this stops soon because I would really love for an IUD to work for me."
"I am a wife of a man that has bipolar disorder and he takes depakote er. We love it. It is easier for him to control his mental illness."
"Decided to try this medication over the counter, all I have to say is.. it is evil! This medicine burned me instantly. It was the worst pain I ever felt. It also cause intense itching and swelling in my vagina. Lord I tried so hard to deal with the discomfort but I was in the bathroom soaking in the tub trying to wash it away. DO NOT TRY THIS MEDICINE!! It should be taking off the market. It was worse than the YI itself."
"I have had an upper back molar removed today due to a root abscess I didn&#039;t even know existed. My head felt like a pressure cooker, I got an ear infection and the mucus drainage was terrible. I went to the doctor who diagnosed a sinus infection, he told me to get my dentist to X-ray my teeth, which revealed a big abscess at the root.
I Had been put on amoxicillin 500mg x3 daily but it wasn&#039;t doing a great deal after four days so my GP replaced it with Augmentin)500/125 X 3 daily and after another four days minus a molar the mucus and swelling have improved massively. I can breathe again, plus the head pressure has subsided. Works well at the moment with 3 days of the 7 day course remaining. Hope it works for you.
GOOD HEALTH TO YOU ALL."
"I just got my Mirena IUD inserted yesterday. I am 20 years old, have a very small physique, and have never been pregnant so I was very nervous about insertion pain. Most women have claimed their insertion pain to be &quot;the worst pain&quot; they have ever experienced. This was not the case for me, at all. The procedure was surprisingly quick. The most painful part for me was when the doctor measured my cervix. Very intense pinching. I experienced a few of the most intense cramps I&#039;ve ever had, but they were bearable. My doctor suggested I take 600 mg ibuprofen 40 minutes prior to the procedure, which I did, and she also used a local anesthetic on my cervix which probably helped quite a bit. Very little bleeding now. Happy so far!"
"Have had paroxysmal atrial fibrillation for 14 years, Now age 67. Took &quot;pill-in-a pocket&quot; approach (200 mg flecainide initial dose at onset of symptoms, 100 mg every 12 hours thereafter, and 50 mg of atenolol every 24 hours. Episodes would typically last 4 to 24 hours. Hard to say whether the medication shortened episodes when used in this manner..
After recent PV ablation failed to eliminate AF episodes, started taking 100 mg of flecainide daily and it seems to prevent episodes (2 months so far). If this keeps up, flecainide will restore my quality of life."
"I was on Seroquel XR 350 mg for 3 years to treat clinical depression and anxiety. The only problems were the weight gain (about 80 pounds in 3 years), a general &quot;zombie&quot; feeling that made concentrating a little difficult, and some short-term memory problems but all of that was worth it since my moods were finally stable. Come to find out I was misdiagnosed and now I&#039;m being treated with Topamax for Bipolar II, but if that doesn&#039;t work, it&#039;s back to Seroquel. I suggest trying it to anyone who hasn&#039;t had luck with other medications. Once you get past 150 mg it might knock you out pretty quick, so take it at night and give yourself enough time for a solid 8 hours because you might not wake up before that."
"I had my first shot when I was 18, I had heavy bleeding and weight gain for the whole 3 months. My doctor told me that was normal that when I got the second shot it would stop or lighten up. Well I got my second shot and it still wasn&#039;t stopping. So for a total of 6 months I was bleeding heavily. By then end of it I found out I was pregnant and had a miscarriage. I had only been about a month or two along. So just be careful and if you aren&#039;t using anything else but the shot, still pay attention to your body, and take pregnancy tests. Just to make sure. Because I got pregnant a month after I took the second shot."
"I have been on zyvox for 6 weeks now and have 6 more to go. My experience with this medication Is not a pleasant one. I am on 2 anti-nausa pills plus the scalopine patch to be able to eat and not throw up. I am also taking a pill for loose stools so I stay hydrated. Spending a day in the emergency room getting fluids is not a good way to spend your husbands day off. My legs and feet swell to double their size and are very painful. I have no option  but to be on zyvox since I failed vancadymicin. My doctor keeps on eye on me but the brown tongue and funky taste is disgusting. I pray none of these side effects are permanent."
"Hi all thought I&#039;d leave a wee something. 8 weeks ago suffered a 1st metatarsal break on my left foot was in a boot for 5 weeks towards. The end of the 5 weeks I felt pain in exact position on my right foot that I had with left got checked out at docs they took bloods turns out gout by this time I&#039;m walking like a penguin "
"I have been on Ortho Tri Cyclen for almost nine months. I had to switch from Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo because my insurance no longer covered it but I had zero problems with that birth control. Within the first three months of Ortho Tri Cyclen, I didn&#039;t notice any significant changes, however, over the last six months I gained 9 pounds. My weight has been consistent for the last six years until I started this pill. Other than weight gain, I haven&#039;t had any major issues but I will be switching pills due to weight gain."
"Zoloft has given me the last leap I need to heal my mind. I have been struggling with severe anxiety, insomnia and bouts of depression for 3 years. While I have been off work into therapy and other means of rehabilitation, for the first time in years I actually feel calmer most the time, and mostly happy. I&#039;m so grateful. It&#039;s been trial and error and a slow process, but I know my self-care is my main priority now. See more of my story:mental-health-matters-a-womans-story-of-the-struggle. Good luck to all."
"I&#039;m 49 years old and T level was 254. Normal for a 75 year old and that&#039;s how I felt. No energy, depression, lack of motivation, libido zero. I felt like I had turned into a fat 8 year old girl. After only 4 days on the Androgel, I feel better than I have felt in 15 years! Lots of energy, thought processes sharper, motivation has returned. Too soon to tell on the ED symptoms but otherwise it feels like a miracle. I think I&#039;m getting my life back."
"I developed Occipital Neuralgia, left side, some years ago.  After several treatments with pain specialists and no results, I tried Cymbalta.  In 7 weeks I was pain free. This continued for a couple of years until I broke my leg and had to spend 3 months in a nursing home.  At the nursing home, the physician switched me to Wellbutrin [less expensive] which was OK but not as good as Cymbalta.  After about two years on Bupropion my left side is still OK but it has now developed on my right side.  Since I am still taking Bupropion, it obviously isn&#039;t working.  I&#039;m going to see my physician for Cymbalta."
"Just finished my first week on the generic form of Wellbutrin (bupropion 150 XL) and have to say the first few days were tough:  dizziness, anxiety, and muscle pains.  But now those symptoms have mostly gone away.  I do feel amazingly clear headed and have lots of energy.  My appetite is gone so I hope to lose about 20 lb if possible.  I don&#039;t feel the need to drink at all (used to love my wine every night!)  The strange part is most people talk about insomnia and vivid dreams.  I suffered from those before I started this medication!  And now, I sleep a full 7 hours, have no trouble falling asleep and don&#039;t remember any dreams when I wake up!  I really like this stuff!!"
"In the past 7 days, I&#039;ve lost 4 pounds. I&#039;ve experimented with the dose. One day I forgot to take the pill until 3 PM. I observed that I still had the &quot;not much interest in food&quot; effect. I took a whole pill at 3 PM. For the rest of the week, I took only one pill at 3 PM each day. Afternoons and evenings were the time I was most likely to crave something or overeat. When I came in the door from work (in the past) I felt ravenous. No more. I know the 1/2 life is 11 hours, but I don&#039;t feel this wearing off till about 2 PM the next day. I&#039;m very happy, because this doubles the time the pills last! 4 pounds in a week is  unheard of for me. No more headache or dry mouth either. Reduces desire for food! No sweets/carb cravings. I&#039;m amazed!"
"I am in my second full month of taking this pill and it&#039;s the best I&#039;ve ever been on. My period is so much shorter and lighter...before this pill it was nightmarishly heavy. I haven&#039;t experience any side effects. I feel less bloated and moody than any other pill I&#039;ve ever tried. I actually just feel normal, like I&#039;m not on any pill at all. I&#039;ve tried 4-5 other BC pills and all gave me side effects like melasma, spotting, bloating, or yeast infections, but I have none of that now. I couldn&#039;t be more pleased."
"I started takining this medication about a week ago, AMAZING! My Dr prescribed for the pain shooting down arm and hand from cervical and thoracic issues. I was writhing in pain at night so much so I could barely walk. After just 1 dose total difference, I take just 75mg before bed, I do notice a feeling of doppiness upon waking but it is usually gone a couple hours later, unless I take Tylenol Motrin . One of the side effects I have had is the swollen eyes and crusted eyes. I am very tired and need a nap, I Find the pill seems to work for about 20hrs for nerve pain and the it starts screaming back."
"I took the first dose tonight at 7 pm. It was the most horrid thing I&#039;ve ever tasted. I gagged several times. I honestly didn&#039;t expect it to taste so horrible or I would have asked about ways to disguise the taste or chasers. I see that several people recommend using a lemon wedge, which I will try. I&#039;m also wondering if I can sip juice or ginger ale after each taste? I am a small person, weigh under 120 and I feel like everything has already passed out of my body. Just clear liquid for the past hour. I&#039;m wondering if I need to take the entire second dose in the morning? It seems it would just dehydrate me."
"Hey guys so I had mild acne for about half a year now. Got loads on my nose and my dermatologist gave me epiduo despite me warning him that I had a bad reaction to Duac too. It&#039;s been 4 weeks and I stopped using this after day 3. My entire face was swollen and whole face red. The redness is still all there and it still hasn&#039;t gone at all. I have marks all over my nose and face and just don&#039;t know what to do anymore. Please help. I wouldn&#039;t even rate this a 0 it ruined my skin. Never use this again"
"Been on it for about 5 weeks now with a 1200 calorie diet. I am a 39 year old male that is 5&#039; 11&quot; and started at 287lb. I have lost 24 lb. So far and love this medication. I have had no side effects other than a little &#039;fogginess&#039; here and there which may be more of the calorie restriction than the medication. I have no problem with sticking to my diet plan thanks to this medication. I highly recommend it. My insurance doesn&#039;t cover it and it is a little pricey though."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for over a year now. The insertion was fairly painful, some very intense cramping that lasted about 3 days. In the first month I gained 15 pounds (after remaining the same weight for over ten years now) which I have since lost. I no longer get my period but will have random spotting that has basically ruined all of my panties. Also random extremely  intense cramps that I never experienced while on oral birth control. My acne is worse now then it ever was in high school, but then again I was on oral contraceptives that whole time. Lately I have noticed cramping and pressure during intercourse, which is worse during certain positions and has basically made me not want to have sex anymore."
"I&#039;ve had asthma ever since I quit smoking.  I&#039;ve quit twice and each time after 3 years, the asthma kicks in - bad!  I&#039;ve tried everything and am now on Dulera, which helped tremendously.  My insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it; $375 for one inhaler.  Found PAN online and they are taking care of the cost.  If not for PAN, I would not be able to take Dulera.  However, after several months on this med, my teeth starting rotting - very quickly.  My dentist said he only sees this kind of deterioration in chemo patients and someone who hasn&#039;t brushed in 20 years.  I&#039;ve had two teeth pulled already, and another is scheduled to be pulled.  Also, started with thrush a day ago and today I can barely move my tongue.  (Yes, I&#039;ve been rinsing.)"
"It comes down to a very basic choice: DO I want to remain semi-comatose, in pain from head to toe, or remain drugged up and semi-sentient from the cocktail of potions meant to ease my &quot;depression&quot;?

NUVIGIL is a third, best option. NUVIGIL brings back your ability to focus, concentrate, persevere, work at whatever your body can handle that day... all the things that make living productive and rewarding.

Before NUVIGIL, I was losing, or had lost so many parts of my personality to just EXISTING from one prescription of AMBIEN, CYMBALTA, LYRICA, AMITRYPTILINE, FLUOXETINE, DOXEPIN, ZOLPIDEM, HYOSCYAMINE SULFATE, CYCLOBENZAPRINE, HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE, LISINOPRIL, METHOCARBAMOL, PROPANOLOL, etc."
"I have had trouble getting my blood sugar below 200.  My A1C went from 6.8 to 7.2.  Last Friday my Endo added Victoza in addition to the Metformin I&#039;ve been taking the last couple of years.  The Victoza is an easy injection with a very tiny needle -- hardly noticeable at all.  My blood sugar has dropped to a more normal range.  I barely have an appetite at all.  The only complaint I have is the terrible nausea I&#039;ve had since Day 1.  I am hoping it goes away soon since I am already seeing benefits from taking this medicine."
"27 year old female. Suffered with plaque psoriasis since age 12 (15 years) just woke up covered from head to toe one morning. Tried every treatment avail in Canada- nothing worked. Parents went on a year hunt for a cure the first year I had psoriasis,  but turned up with nothing that remotely worked.
Two years ago I was prescribed Stelara , best decision I ever made. Price is insanely high but with the right teams amazing coverage became available. So far no noticeable side effects other than my common cold lasting longer than usual. Blood work and tests always come out fine.
Only problem I have had while on this medication is I was diagnosed with strep throat and because of that my psoriasis came back very drastically and over night."
"I had a spinal fusion that didn&#039;t fuse, 3 spinal surgeries total, broke hip, broke leg, several more bad discs in back. Opana is the only medicine that actually relieves the pain without the bad side effects. Take Opana 30 every 12 hours (twice daily), with Opana IR 10s in between. Doctor gives me 3 10s per day.   

Best medicine on the market as far as I know.   I can work and function now, where before I could barely get out of bed.   It is expensive, but so far insurance covers all but $100 per script per month.   High, yes, but worth it."
"I live in Central Texas where we have allergens year round. I have suffered from allergies all my life and eventually everything just stopped working, and nasal sprays made things worse. Xyzal has been amazing for me- I take it at night and have zero side effects (that I&#039;m aware of!) 

It is TOTALLY worth trying if Claritin and Zyrtec don&#039;t work for you anymore."
"I had 3 injections in 3 weeks. That was two and a half months ago. I have gotten not one ounce of relief. Doc gave me prednisone today hoping it will give me a boost."
"Been taking 40mg of citalopram for 10  years, I felt I was not getting the benefit of them anymore, so Doc has switched me to 50mg zoloft. Been on them for 1 week, anxiety is through the roof, crying for no reason, I am gonna stick with it and hope it kicks in soon"
"I currently take 300 mg of carbamazepine a day. 100mg in morning and 200mg at night. Which is hard for me to remember the different doses because this medication causes me to forget everything. I also had really bad nausea and hot flashes when I first started taking it.  I quit smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol on this drug. Super amazing accomplishments, but on the other hand I have lost three jobs in six months. Before tegretol I was taking 300mg of seroquel XR a day and it made me a completely unemotional zombie. So It&#039;s hard for me to control myself sometimes because I&#039;m feeling all these things I haven&#039;t felt before . I hope tegretol can work for me though and be my miracle drug, because changing meds is my living nightmare."
"I have been taking phendimetrazine 105 capsule for about 3 weeks. I am on a 3 month cycle and I am not going to weigh myself until the 3 months are up. I am 6&#039;1&quot; and 298lbs. I put on 98 pounds in 18 months due to various stress related issues in my life ranging from a new house to a new baby and the death of my father. So now I am on the road to recovery and need to get back into shape. People are telling me I look like I lost weight and I can tell that my pants are fitting a little loser and my shirts aren&#039;t as tight, so I guess its working. I don&#039;t have any real side effects I already suffer from anxiety and the pill does not really get me anxious so that&#039;s a plus. I am going to continue with the medication and hopefully lose 100lbs."
"I have RSD a nerve disorder caused by a broken ankle. This is the only medication that gives me relief from the extreme pain and burning sensation you get with RSD. I&#039;m so happy with the results along with my nerve blocks."
"I had a ruptured cyst on my ovaries and had just came out of surgery, the pain was so intense I had Demerol and Gravel in an injection. It was very good but extremely strong. The only side effects I found was a dry mouth but it helped me. Best medicine I have had in a long time."
"I have been on several antidepressants and/or anxiety meds over the past 15 years. This is the first one that I can actually tell a difference without having to take a cocktail of other Drugs with it. The ONLY downside was the nausea. The first couple days felt like morning sickness. Once I got through it it&#039;s been well worth it. And unlike many other drugs there isn&#039;t the overwhelming weight gain."
"I have had very bad anxiety and subsequent depression now for about 8 years. I also come from a background of extreme emotional abuse which I think was the largest contributor of my panic and high anxiety and fear. I just began Paxil last week....WOW...I really don&#039;t know why I waited so long to seek medication advice. Unfortunately it took a suicide attempt to get me where I am today but even after 1 WEEK I feel just so much better. I&#039;m not having severe side effects becasue my Dr. told me to start gradual, which I did and I think that lessened the side effects signifigantly! I will keep updating with my progress but so far so good!"
"I&#039;m 25 and am basically taking birth control for acne. I have tried many different pills but this was my least favorite, I took it for 2 months. I am small framed about 98lbs and 5&#039;. I feel this was too much hormone for my small body. First month I was getting anxiety around my period time, crying spells, very crampy, a heavy flow, and mood swings(my poor boyfriend). This has never happened with any pill I&#039;ve taken the anxiousness scared me. I gave it another month and not really much of a change. My acne did not clear up at all! No weight gain and sex drive was great. Overall not for me. I switched to monessa, few weeks ago, a much lower dose BC pill and so far so good! Everyone&#039;s different good luck!"
"WARNING!!  Do not take this medicine.  The withdrawal from it even per the Doctors schedule is horrible......I can&#039;t even tell you how bad of an experience I had with it!!!"
"Well, I have been on the 1 mg for years. It really helped make my hair thick. It quit working as well as hair falls out some in the shower. Plus I have a lower sex drive but that is good. I am more concerned about my hair than my sex drive. Anyway I am starting on the 5 mg today. I will see what happens. I am 49."
"I am 22 years old. I have been on just about all ADHD medications. For the last 4 years I have been on Adderall XR 20mg (just got put on Adderall XR 30 mg). This drug is amazing in helping wake up, pay atteinoin and working better. "
"Diag 2010 at 46yo.  Currently on year 6-7 of taking this combination of drugs.  Still doing good but have noticed more off time as the years/months go by.  I know the 10 year time window of losing its effectiveness is fast approaching for me. 

Generics are not all created equal.  You need to try every mfg for a few months to see which one works for you.  For me the only brand that works is mfg by Mayne Pharma (formerly Teva).  The other mfg: on one I can never get stabalized (to much/too little in a pill) the other one gives me night terrors."
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for a year now. I went to the doctor because I had horrible cramps. The pain from the cramps made me vomit and have diarrhea. In the first 2 months or so of starting Trinessa I had spotting. After this it was gone. My period came every 31 days or so (which was how it was before birth control) for 6 months. After six months on being on Trinessa my period regulated to exactly every 28 days. Triness has definitely made my period cramps lighter, which is great. I just take two Aleve before and during my period and I feel better. I have not gained any weight from it. But I have noticed my sex drive is way lower. If you take two pills at once because you missed one, be careful! You may get nausea."
"Most effective and longest lasting medication on my son&#039;s symptoms. I was also informed by the pharmacist that It was no longer available. No explanation available either. I&#039;m curious as to why manufacturing has ceased. "
"I feel sane and stable after being on divalproex for only a short time. The violent, gripping anxiety is gone for the first time in years. My doc gave it to me to help once I realized the suicidal thoughts I was having were caused by the fluoxetine (SSRI) I had been using for my obsessive compulsive disorder and anxiety."
"Have had headaches almost daily for over 4 years. I have been given several different medication. Most not very affective. The pain has completely changed our  lives. I was recently put on Maxalt. It is helping more than most.  I have been prescribed 10 mg of Maxalt  that I can take two a day over a period of 24 hrs. Sometimes I have 3 headaches a day so that limited amount doesn&#039;t  keep me very functional. 
Does anyone have suggestions?
How is their Maxalt prescribed?"
"Diagnosed with breast cancer in 2010. Double mastectomy, chemo, radiation, &amp; 5yrs on Tamoxifen. Just switched over to Anastrizole in Aug. By early December I just couldn&#039;t take the joint pain anymore. I developed tendinitis on my wrist so I made the choice to stop taking it. It has been 2 weeks and the tendinitis is slightly better, but I still have really bad ankle, knee, heel, hip, shoulder, &amp; elbow pain. I was perfectly fine before the anastrozole. How long will I have to be off the meds before the pain goes away? The oncologist highly recommended I go back on anastrozole or tamixifen again. She said the percentage was 4% better if I stay on. I have made the decision to eat healthy, excercise and NOT take anymore cancer meds."
"I&#039;ve had sinusitis for 9 months. Tried to treat it with natural remedies but it finally affected my lungs causing severe chest infection. I&#039;ve been taking trimethoprim 400mg twice a day for 3 days and I can say that I am feeling much better. No major side effects apart from nausea bit eating small amounts of food at regular intervals is helping. No upset stomach or stomach pains which surprised me due to having IBS. Anyone suffering side effects always remember that any antibiotic will cause you to feel unwell. You have to persevere with it and they will ease. Failure to compete the course of medication will result in the infection coming back."
"Had a severe reaction, my tendons swelled up."
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for one month. I&#039;ve lost 29.5 lbs, and I&#039;m thrilled. I&#039;ve also stuck to a 1500 calorie diet.  The biggest thing it did for me was take away the thought of cravings. I would pay any amount of money to have these kind of results."
"September 8, 2015
I&#039;ve been on Contrave since June19 and I&#039;ve lost 32 lbs. I completely stopped drinking Pepsi and I drank alot of it, lol. I also am a diabetic and my sugar was running over 400 (probably from Pepsi), and taking care 4 shots of insulin a day. Thanks to Contrave I don&#039;t take shots anymore, my diabetes is under control and I feel great. I need to lose about 100 lbs more, but this is a great start. I didn&#039;t really start losing til the 4th week but once I started taking 4 pills a day I wasn&#039;t hungry anymore. Well thats my experience so far taking Contrave. I can&#039;t wait to see what happens in the next 3 months. Good luck to everyone."
"Methadone is my lifesaver. I have had back pain associated with nerve damage. Degenerative disc disease, herniated discs, bursitis and some other minor/major problems here and there. I was taking ten to twelve Percocets a day. I heard about clinics that give doses of methadone daily. I went and now I&#039;m happy to get my methadone daily. I take nothing else and couldn&#039;t be happier. Methadone works the best for pain and its long-acting and I take it for opiate addiction as well. I&#039;m on 50 mg and it just works great."
"I&rsquo;ve been on this for 4 months. So far; no weight gain, my acne cleared up, no pregnancy issues, my breast size has increased (yay!), periods are really light and consistent. But I&rsquo;ve been very emotional (which I hate), my libido isn&rsquo;t as high as it used to be, it&rsquo;s difficult to orgasm sometimes (which I never had a problem with before this birth control), I also think I&rsquo;m starting to lose some hair. But overall it&rsquo;s a great type of birth control to try out."
"I have used Maxalt for the past 7 years and I swear by it.  If I feel a migraine coming on I put my melt into my mouth and I am free and clear in less then 15 minutes. Some people call this medicine Migraine Gold.  To me it is a lifesaver."
"I have had restless legs for over 50 years.  It started when I was expecting my 1st daughter.  I was told it was common in pregnant women but mine has NEVER let up - in fact has gotten worst over the years.  I tried drinking quinine water until that was banned, it helped some but not much. I also &#039;held up the wall&#039; with stretching exercises. 

I started taking ropinirole about 10 yrs on the advice of another person who called herself &#039;the queen of restless legs&#039;,  I was given 1mg and told I should start taking 1/2 pill per day, increasing it weekly until I got &#039;results&#039; - that one could take as many as 8 pills per day! Well, the 1/2 pill worked just fine for several years - I now take 1 to 2 per day depending."
"Moderate pain relief. Non-diabetic nerve pain in legs and feet..60 mg daily...caused erectile dysfunction and tiredness but worth the relief of pain. 8 yrs Now."
"After years of migraines which continued to get worse. I was getting them almost everyday, and ending up in the ER several times Depakote has come to the rescue. I tried Neurontin, and Topamax both did nothing. It&#039;s been several weeks and no headache...what a relief this has been for me. I am praying this continues to work."
"I got Skyla inserted yesterday &amp; I have to say I was terrified considering I read these horrific reviews while my boyfriend &amp; I waited for the doctor. Not smart lol. I went in with no medicine what so ever even though they strongly suggest it, which made me even more terrified to get it. The process was soooo quick. 3-5 mins. &amp; didn&#039;t hurt at all. It was uncomfortable, a little more intense than a Pap smear, but it was very tolerable. the only thing that was a little on the irritating side was having your cervix clamped. It just feels like cramps. I felt great after a little bit of cramps but nothing to much. It varies on the person how the experience is. Don&#039;t let a review discourage you."
"Torsemide has really been effective in reducing the edema that I suffer from Pulmonary Hypertension.  IT really gets out the extra fluid without any harsh side effects.  I used to take LAsix (furosemide) and I had to be taken off it after I suffered painful red nodules all up and down my legs. Furosemide was far more harsh than the Demadex and I&#039;m glad my doctor switched me to it."
"I have had chronic constipation for most of my life.  I have had to take a laxative on a weekly basis to be able to go once a week. My Doc gave me this at my request and I have to say it has been a lifesaver.  I now am able to go every day.  I have some discomfort in my abdomen that lasts for a couple of hours but it is minimal and certainly nothing like the discomfort of being blocked up. I am so very pleased and hope it continues to work.  I would highly recommend this drug!"
"Been suffering hirsutism since I was 17, course, dark hairs on my neck, chin, and up the sides of my face, its got worse as the years have went on I&#039;m now 25 and couldn&#039;t cope any longer, I kept this to myself and it drained the life out of me, I didn&#039;t go out, I suffered depression I had to shave twice a day depending on what I had to do on that day, if I wasn&#039;t at work I wouldn&#039;t shave and stayed at home because shaving every day was ruining my face with so many rashes, i finally got the courage to visit my gp and she prescribed me this, I&#039;ve been using this cream for 4 weeks and I&#039;m already seeing an improvement, don&#039;t suffer ladies, get vaniqa!!"
"I&#039;ve had the mirena for 2 months now I been bleeding the whole 2 months.  It finally starting to lighten up.  I have gain 15lbs and it makes me eat a lot. I had really good eating habits before I got this.  I was thinking of another contraception but my doc told me give it sometime.  I had pains in the beginning not anymore.  If I could stop the weight I would be OK."
"Wonderful results after only a week.  Not nearly as stiff, does not make me tired, and effects last 10-12 hours.  A blessing it can be bought over the counter."
"This continues my previous review, why I gave it a 7 when I&#039;d have given it a 1 last night...

I have constipation, and it still worked.  I had a previous prep that didn&#039;t quite do the job even after 2 self administered enemas before going in.  Saying that, I was in serious discomfort after the first Liter... my abdomen was huge and hard and hurt and I didn&#039;t go to the bathroom for almost 3 hours.  

So for all you constipated ones, hope you read beforehand... I&#039;d get things moving before this prep and eat what you know will move easier out the other end for a few days beforehand."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about a month now. I&#039;m actually bi-polar, but this medication was less risky. It has helped with anxiety. The side effects of nausea are controllable with watching what I eat - nothing too greasy, and no big meals. I am tired a lot though and am still depressed but not as extreme as it was.  Takes longer for orgasms, but they are much more intense when it does happen."
"I have been using this pill for almost three months now. It has worked great for preventing pregnancy and has made my periods lighter with less cramping. At first I was experiencing some abdominal cramping, but that went away after a while. The only side effect that has caused me problems is it made me very emotional. I get depressed easily, but not on a daily basis. Usually every one to two weeks I go through a phase where I cry a lot and think about things from my past that upset me. Judging from what I have read, the emotional side effects go away after a while so I want to keep taking it and I would recommend it for anyone."
"I took this medicine for about two weeks for high blood pressure.  I took the dose of 10 mg at night.  Halfway through the night (about 2-3 a.m.) I would wake up with an extremely dry mouth and lips.  After three days, I took the medicine in the morning.  However, the extremely dry mouth, swollen tongue and lips and the feeling that my throat was closing drove me to the doctor who immediately gave me Benadryl and told me to stop this medicine for one week.  I am now in that one-week waiting period and will try another blood pressure medicine (Cozaar).  However, please note that the side effects were cumulatiive--I did not recognize them immediately.  "
"I am 51and female. I have been on sertraline for 3 months and I love it.  I have not had or needed an alcoholic drink since I started on this med. I never thought I could give up my multiple glasses of red wine every night but, after taking a pill, I feel good for 24 hours at a time now instead of just for a few hours while drinking...and without the hangover or expense! 
Also, my Blood pressure and pulse are MUCH LOWER now; My body no longer aches all over; I&#039;m not so nervous, agitated or angry anymore.  I no longer constantly think about death. I am satisfied with my job now, too, and no longer desire to quit.  I&#039;m also beginning to like myself.
Side effects for me have mainly been: lack of appetite, some weight loss, and boring dreams."
"I have to take Pyridium. Have been taking it for many years. My urologist says I don&#039;t have Interstitial Cystitis but my bladder started burning in 1992 and hasn&#039;t stopped, so it may be urogenic bladder. Pyridium does seem to make me drowsy and I itch a lot. But not sure if the Pyridium causes it as I&#039;m on many other medications. It does help the burning of my bladder."
"Friday night I began Tamiflu with 600mg of Advil. My symptoms had grown into full flu agony since Thursday afternoon. 
By Sunday I wanted to eat solid food. My complaint is that I have become dehydrated. Drinking fluids whenever I am awake. No nausea, or diarrhea. Miracle drug in my view. I am 64 years old, in pretty good health otherwise, diet and exercise are good as well. Your medical history will determine if this is good for you. My husband had the flu shot. Within 24 hrs of me getting the flu he got it, and not a light case. We are waiting for the Dr today for him."
"I took this for 10 yrs. began experiencing severe leg cramping and depression. During a routine exam found a lump in my breast at 31. Had a hysterectomy at 40 due to Adenomyosis and eventually had a bilateral mastectomy at 51 after developing breast cancer."
"I was prescribed epiduo about 3 months ago. All it has done is make my face 10000 times worse. I understand that it was a reaction the first two months, but now it is out of control. I went to my demertorolgist and the prescribed me a pill to take with it. Both have failed miserably."
"The only bad thing is it acts like a diet pill, so I hardly eat. It seems to make me act like an efficient robot, so I always have to be doiing something productive, without showing emotion or change in facial expression."
"This was the only medication that helped me to deal with morning sickness, that actually it was never just in the morning, I was sick all day and all night... It makes you sleepy but it&#039;s not like you can&#039;t get out of bed, they tell you to take 2 before bed another one in the morning and one more at noon, but I&#039;m just taking one before bed time and one in the morning so I don&#039;t feel super sleepy and it works perfectly for me! No more sickness and I can eat anything I want :) plus it&#039;s super safe for the baby!"
"For those of you with Acne and suffering mild to moderate acne like me. I dont have severe acne and like red big ones filled with puss or anything but I have like some along my jawline and next to my lips and this medicine along with onexton and retin A micro and the inflammation has really gone down like a lot! Its working great and its only been 1 week and 2 days. I cant imagine what its going to be like in 2 weeks. Staying positive. Hope this works."
"When I was 17 I was scared to start on Birth Control. My doctor had suggested Yasmin to me. I was glad I did start it. I had no problems. I never got sick from it, gained any weight, had any pains etc. Even every time I stopped taking it there were no problems. The birth control was very effective even if I missed a few days. My face was also clear of acne. No changes in sex drive. I am very sad I cannot go back on it because it is no longer free with my health care. "
"I took for a constant, deep barking cough.  I worked quickly and well, calming my cough and allowing me to get sleep.  However, it makes me incredibly drowsy - way worse then unisom.  There was also bit of dizziness.  I did not have any gastrointestinal side effects.  I will use it again but only at night since it knocks me out"
"This medicine is awesome for migraines and lower back pain"
"I did a 6 week trial of this and it made me psychotic for about 2 hours once I had gotten my blood level up. High as a kite, aggressive  and talking backwards. So I went off it and had terrible withdrawal in the form of depression and suicidal thoughts. I have temporal lobe epilepsy and I think I am on the more psychotic end of the spectrum so I was more vulnerable to those side effects. I was a second degree black belt at the time. I judge all drugs by my ability to do a decent back kick  without falling over. It failed the back kick test as well."
"I decided to try Montelukast(generic of Singulair) after a severe bout of cough/flu aggravated by my asthma; which lasted for well over 8 weeks.
Initially I had a very bad headache for at least a week, unabating, and the unusual fatigue and tiredness regardless of what activity I did.

The headache dissipated but the lethargy has continued and I never felt like I regained the energy I used to have.
So this is very disturbing.   I had hoped that after persisting with it for 4-5 months I would feel better but I don&#039;t.
The tiredness pretty much starts almost immediately after I have taken the tablet in the evening.
The other thing which is annoying is the stupid, senseless dreams which I find very hard to wake up from!"
"Alesse is NOT an appropriate birth control choice to help with hormonal acne. One of the main causes of hormonal acne is a rise is androgens (male hormones) which you do NOT need more of if you are experiencing hormonal acne (jawline, chin, cystic). I did not realize that Alesse had added androgens and went on it for just short of a month. Needless to say my face, back and chest area have broken out worse than being off birth control altogether. I am sure this is a great birth control option for some but keep in mind that it is probably not your best bet if your main focus is to decrease your acne. Hope this helps!"
"I&#039;ve been on Xiidra for over 3 months after using Restasis for 5 years.  I&#039;m seeing vast improvements, although there is some burning (which is no worse than the burning I experienced with Restasis).  I did have the severe tearing as mentioned by Twiggy123, but my doctor advised me to quit all other non-prescription dry eye drops and the tearing stopped."
"I love this medication.  Yes it makes me tired, but it beats going to the bathroom all day.  I have little to no cramping anymore and owe it all to this.  I would be the perfect poster child for this medication."
"Zoloft has given me my life back. I had anxiety during my pregnancy that turned into OCD when I was 3 months postpartum. I was a mess, but I kept telling myself that as long as I was still functioning I didn&#039;t need medication. There was an adjustment period where we figured out my ideal dose (100 mg) and I had to get through a sharp increase in anxiety while my brain adjusted, but little by little, I started to notice changes in my thought patterns. It doesn&#039;t happen suddenly, you may not notice how much better you&#039;re doing until you stop and look back on situations that used to give you terrible anxiety and realize that you weren&#039;t nervous much at all. I continue to notice improvements after almost 4 months on my ideal dose (100 mg)."
"I was given both samples of relpax or zomig for migranes from my neurologist. He said try both and he would Rx what one worked better. The zomig was a nasal spray that I did not like, the the relpax was way better for me. I&#039;ve been on this medication for about 6 months. I take it about 2 times a month. I can feel my migraine just melt away in about 30 minutes after taking this. It&#039;s really a miracle pill. Only side effect is the next day my head feels spacey, but I would take that over a migraine anyday."
"Had bronchitis after five weeks from having CABG surgery. My doctor prescribed Augmentin and it worked  after having the first pill. At this time I am in my second day and the fever is gone minor cough and to my surprise my sinuses are clearing too since I have chronic sinus alergies."
"New reports are claiming Ultram to be highly addictive - the FDA must have decided that the drug works to well and it is too cheap so they put out these reports.I have never felt
anything that would make me addicted except pain relief that enables me to perform my daily tasks.  People need to speak up quickly. My Doctor has decided he wants me to try Elavil which caused rapid weight gain and Cymbalta or Celebrex (very expensive - hmmm!) which caused sexual dysfunction and I felt like a zombie."
"It&#039;s amazing how many symptoms come about because of anxiety: chest pain, chest squeezing, dizziness, light-headed feelings, feeling faint, sweating, nausea, heart palpitations. I could go on. Xanax is practically a miracle drug. It stops most of these symptoms cold after about 45 minutes of taking it. You feel better, and you look back at one hour ago, and you&#039;re bewildered that stress and anxiety caused you to feel so badly."
"I had the implant inserted 5 weeks after giving birth. I have not had a period since my postpartum bleeding. It has been about 4 months and it has worked great. I am currently thinking about having it removed due to wanting to try for another baby. Still not decided for sure yet. Insertion did not hurt at all. Best birth control I&#039;ve tried so far."
"I&#039;ve been using Implanon since June 2009, after being on the Depo shot for 2 years. I love Implanon even more than I loved the shot. There&#039;s no checking its placement-as you have to do with the Nuvaring and IUDs. You don&#039;t have to remember to &quot;take it&quot; everyday, as you do with the pill, and unlike the Depo shot you don&#039;t have to hope that your practitioner has your Depo in stock. If you&#039;re in the military (as I am) when you move from station to station-I think it&#039;s best to have a birth control that &quot;sticks with you&quot; LITERALLY. I don&#039;t have to worry about refills or not having time to run and take my pill. I also haven&#039;t had a period since June 2009, and I&#039;ve NEVER BEEN PREGNANT! It&#039;s very reliable!"
"I&#039;m 25 and I&#039;ve tried lots of different approaches to get rid of my acne. This is the first time I&#039;ve had any success. I should add that i had been prescribed benzoyl peroxide in the past but I think i started getting side effects and stopped. I SHOULD NOT HAVE STOPPED. That is my advice to anyone who starts using any benzoyl peroxide creams. Stick with it through the first few weeks of pain. It gets better. At least it did for me. It was so painful to begin with. My skin was red and so sore. It felt like a stinging burning itchy graze all over my face. No, it&#039;s not an easy treatment but this is exactly what i do...clean my face at night, one pump of epiduo, then BIO OIL not moisturiser, wash off in the morning. 1 month in and I&#039;m spot free"
"Tried to make a longer post but had to cut it short. I have been on birth control since around age 21, originally for acne.  I&#039;ve been on Ortho tri cyclen, Yaz, Ortho tri cyclen lo.  My doctor advised me to go back on BC for at least 3 months after returning from zika zone. I was sent Tri Lo Sprintec from my mail order pharm. NEVER AGAIN!  In no particular order, I have extreme irritability, extremely sore boobs, INSOMNIA, experienced my first panic attack, ZERO SEX DRIVE, vaginal dryness, and the worst acne i have had since age 13.  This med is NOT the same as ortho tri cyclin lo, so make sure you insist to your doctor that you do not want it. in all my years of taking BC with little side effects, this has been the worst 3 months ever."
"I got this implant October 2014. I had terrible side effects for about the first month. Dizziness, diarrhea, nausea, and I was always tired. Like. Always. I would fall asleep and my boyfriend would wake me up and I didn&#039;t even know I was sleeping. 5 minutes later I would fall asleep again. It really sucked and I thought about removing it. I also had very irregular bleeding for maybe 5 months. I&#039;m glad I did not get this removed!!! All of those symptoms stopped after the first month (besides the bleeding). Now that I&#039;ve had it for over a year and a half, I never get a period, just occasional spotting every 3 or 4 months. Besides when first inserted, I haven&#039;t had any pain in my arm. Despite the initial side effects, I recommend this"
"I have nausea and vomiting in my first trimester. But for me it does not work I am completely miserable missing school and work. At my wits end I don&#039;t what to do."
"So I had implanon for 3 years and loved it. I got it because my cramps would so bad I would have to leave school, and my periods were really heavy. For the first year, I had really irregular heavy periods, but after that my periods stopped all together and now I don&#039;t have one at all. After the implanon my doctor told me about nexplanon which is basically the same thing but it&#039;s not. I&#039;ve had nexplanon for 1 year and have had no sex drive, terrible anxiety attacks, and have gained about 15 pounds. Getting it taken out ASAP"
"Took plan b within 30 hours of unprotected sex &amp; it didn&#039;t work. I&#039;m currently 5 weeks pregnant"
"I have had severe, life altering migraines for 30 years, more severe since I had children. Tried every preventive-- lyrica, anti-convulsants, anti depressants. Had so many side effects from the medicines that I had given up hope.
Moved from a metropolitan area -Phoenix, to a rural town near Maryland. Local neurologist gave me Inderal and treximet. The Treximet is pure magic!  No side effects, sometimes I need 2 but I can LIVE a normal life now!"
"I have been on this medication for about 6 weeks and have lost roughly 11 pounds.  This is disappointing considering the amazing results that others have reported.  I am so nauseated in the mornings that I can barely function.  My doctor put me on a month to month script so after this month is up I will not renew."
"Yes it is great at preventing pregnancy because you loose your entire sex drive. I&#039;ve had mine in for a year now and I&#039;ve seriously only had sex with my husband twice and I basically made myself because I felt so bad for my husband. Bleeding was non-stop which I was told would be..got on the pill to control bleeding because I passed out at work and was alone..not sure how long I was out for before a guard found me. Mood swings are insane crazy. Either I&#039;m a zomby or I&#039;m completely pissed at everything. I would NOT recommend Nexplanon to anyone. I get that every women&#039;s body is different and reacts differently to different medicines but don&#039;t take the chance with Nexplanon. I am getting mine removed ASAP."
"This is my 2nd time around with the neplanon. And I have to say the 1st time around (3 years) it was great. But the 2nd time I got extreme acne and acne scaring. I am going to get it removed and try something different."
"I had Skyla placed just over month ago. I read the reviews and was expecting some really bad cramps during and after insertion. The cramping during insertion was minor and after insertion I experienced cramps for a day. These cramps was comparable to a bad period. As for the bleeding some people experienced, I still have yet to bleed or have my period. My doctor told me that this is can happen and I may not experience bleeding while on Skyla. Overall, I am so far pleased that I have had minor if any side effects and would recommend this to people."
"I have a 2 year old and a 4 month old. I received the paragard on Nov 22,16. The insertion wasn&#039;t painful at all. Just a very uncomfortable feeling. When the insertion was finished, the nurse provided a pad to put in my underwear, and stated that I will spot for about 2-3 days. But before getting the IUD put in, I had taken 4 200MG of ibuprofen 1 hour before. 3 days after the insertion, I started my period. The cramps were TERRIBLE. The cramps lasted for about 1 1/2 weeks. I had to continue taking the ibuprofen for that long. The bleeding is not that bad. Its the same amount as it was before. I&#039;ve had a heavy flow before the IUD and its still the same. I use the overnight protection pads. Overall I&#039;ll give it a 7."
"The best so far. I have had very good results - stopped itching and flares. However, I still have dark scars that need to go away. "
"I got mine put in Jan 2014, and I loved it. The first like year and 6 months I had no actual periods, but I would get emotional and have a few cramps but nothing too bad. Then the next year I had a period every month but it only lasted maybe 3 days tops. Now the down side.In August 2016, I started bleeding for like 3 weeks at a time very heavily. I finally had enough and went to the doctor in November 2016 and he told me it stopped working. So i got cheated a few months, but I like it so I do plan on replacing it. I did gain a little weight, but due to the fact that when I started it I was an athlete and now i&#039;m not, I don&#039;t really no how much of it has to do with the nexplanon."
"I love, love, love my Zoloft.  It&#039;s been a life-saver.  I&#039;m on 25 mg and I did have some insomnia and jitteriness for the first two weeks but that has subsided.  Doctor tried to &quot;up&quot; my doseage to 50mg but side effects came back and I was happy at 25mg so I went back down in dosage and I&#039;m content.  For the first time in my life I feel like I have some self-control and not constantly on the verge of a meltdown. I feel put back together and I can enjoy my family. I am a 35 year old female who works full time and have two children."
"I suffer from panic attacks that have been occurring for the last four years, the had me on a medication regiment of Xanax, two mgs four times a day and Clonazepam 1mg two times a day, and I in turn became dependant on those. So for the last month I tapered myself off of the Xanax and Clonazepam and was subsequently put on Gapapentin and I have to say I&#039;ve never felt better. This medication has been the only thing that has helped as much as the better than Benzo&#039;s. I must say this medication really is a miracle anxiety drug. Nothing has EVER worked like this and I shoud add I&#039;ve tryed over 30 medications to stop my severe anxiety, I hope this helps at least one person."
"After being on the same birth control for 2 years, with very little positive feedback, I decided to switch it up. I tried lolo because I had received a free trial from my doctor. OH MAN was it ever the best thing for me. Previously I had pretty severe acne, which nothing could help, but after 2 months my skin is completely clear. The only downfall is that I have experienced some weight gain. Overall, I would recommend this form of birth control to anybody who is struggling with skin issues."
"I get sciatica often due to a spinal injury. When the flair up are at their worst, I&#039;ve always taken Soma. I&#039;m the type who does not like to change meds. If it works, why take a chance and mess that up? So I was skeptical when my doctor gave me Robaxin. But it worked! Yesterday I was tilted to the right and couldn&#039;t walk with my back straight up. Today I am so much better. What a relief! The pain can be a nightmare!"
"I had to stop taking Cymbalta after the first pill (30mg) caused side effects for me. Nausea, chills and hot flashes, cold sweats, no appetite, insomnia. Too much for me but I know this medicine has worked great for others, just not for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking Remeron for about five months.  I was prescribed this medicine to help me fall asleep and I&#039;ve found that it does work.  I haven&#039;t had any side effects from it. I also take Effexor XR for depression."
"I take 3 to 5 x 750 during the day(work days) for my back and shoulder pain, due to a car accident. I take 1 before bed time for my shoulder and it works fine. I only take them if I really need them. But they work for me."
"I have been on this birth control for almost 2 years now. It has worked wonders even though I did gain 30 lbs mainly because of the way that I eat. My acne has cleared a lot and it works definitely for birth control. I am active a lot and not pregnant. I&#039;m also moody at times but I don&#039;t want to switch pills because I feel no side affects. Light periods as well and always on time."
"I was on immediate release version of Seroquel 200mg and the side effects were horrible! Everlasting hungover and craving for foods like if it&#039;s a drug or I would be going withdraw aka blood sugar crashes. So my Dr switched to seroquel 200mg extended release and it was a GODSEND form of drug! Barely any of sedating effects and even lack of any hungover.... And the best part was that I forgot to eat breakfast by accident several times in a week.... If for immediate release I would be going crazy for missing breakfast. Imagine that!"
"I have been on Venlafaxine for 10 years now and couldn&#039;t be happier. I see all the negative comments on here but you need to remember that these reviews are our experiences, how our bodies reacted, your body may react different. How many times have you changed meds in order to find the right one? It&#039;s no different with this one, well maybe a little because you need to lower your dosage slowly or you will get violently ill. I didn&#039;t refill my prescription in time and I was so miserable I had to go to the ER. I gained weight on Paxil but not on Effexor but some people do. Take all these reviews, evaluate, make a list of questions for your doctor and then decide if you want to give it a try."
"10+ years on it. Can&#039;t feel it. Never falls out. Husband notices it but is used to it. Leave it in for vacation so I don&#039;t get a period (in on 1st, out on 25th for period on 27th is my normal routine but if I want to skip, I take out and replace on the 1st).  

Removed it to try and conceive and got pregnant the following month. I feel bad for the women that had poor experiences. I love nuvaring."
"I have given this to my mother, 2 courses (2x15days) after a C.Diff infection. Beside it so expensive (C$540) it made the diarrhea symptoms goes away for the duration of course then comes back again! 
So disappointed, Dr. Now indicated that third course maybe in the way."
"Horrific RX! Belsomra had absolutely NO effect in inducing sleep. I have been awake all night-every night, feeling like my heart is racing and feeling flushed. This script is fabulous if you&#039;d like bouts of diarrhea and headaches."
"I tried Lexapro prior to Celexa and it really revved up my anxiety.  I was afraid Celexa would do the same since it is almost the same medication, but Celexa seemed to calm me down a bit. I believe that was because of the inactive part of it.  It is only the first day but I feel subdued. My main problem was restlessness, so I needed an antidepressant that would settle me down more so than perk me up.  Settling down would essentially perk me up. If that makes sense. So far so good."
"I have been taking this med for almost two years. It doesn&#039;t help with the insomnia because I still wake up. I gained over 100 pounds since being on this drug because of my increased appetite. I take 45 mgs at night. No other side effects other than the first few days I took it I had really bad restless legs."
"I suffered a bilateral subarachnoid brain hemorrhage and am happy to be alive.  However, one of many hurtles left behind for me to deal with was laughing at inappropriate times and crying at the drop of a hat. My brilliant Doctor, prescribed Nuedexta.  I have not had an outburst since taking the medicine and no side effects at all."
"I had extreme stomach pain within 1/2- 1 hour after taking Lexapro. I ended up in the hospital, dosage was 20mg.  I had taken Lexapro a few years ago with no side effects.  I have gained weight while on this. "
"I take 5 mg daily in addition to 60 mg Cymbalta. Works for me, however I think it makes me crave sweets. I have gained about 10 pounds in the last 3 months. I guess it&#039;s just a matter of willpower to stop. As my psych said, &quot;who&#039;s putting the food in your mouth, you ,right?&quot;"
"I just finished 3 weeks of Clarithromycin for chronic sinusitis. I was on Augmentin for 2 weeks prior to that. I&#039;ve had a cough for 3 months. My ears have been stopped up for months. My cough is maybe 20% better and there is no improvement with my ears. My main concern is I have almost totally lost my sense of smell. Will this resolve now that I&#039;m off the drug?"
"Epiduo has worked for me tremendously. I was having cystic acne . It was getting bad , I had a reoccurring spot above my lip . Extremely painful . The epiduo gel exposed the core of the infection brought it to the surface dried and cleared and healed nicely . Hasn&#039;t been back since . 

1. This medicine brought all reoccurring pimples to the surface , drained .. sore gross I know . Then it dried it out minimized site like over night . And I believe helped it heal with way less scarring than without intervention . 

2. It dries out skin . Sloughes off all dead skin . New pimple free skin emerged . Years of intervention and this worked ! It reveals brand new skin . I&#039;m sure it helps with scarring and wrinkles . ----"
"At first I thought since 1 pill was for kids I guess I&#039;ll take 3 pills since I&#039;ve always had problems with constipation.. WORST MISTAKE EVER! I took these 3 horrid pills at 2am.. Thinking they would work overnight.. Here I am at 12:25pm.. With extreme nausea &amp; vomiting my guts out &amp; major diarrhea.. My stomach feels like I&#039;m going into labor these cramps are just too unbearable.. I shouldn&#039;t have taken 3.. I took 1 too many and now I&#039;m learning my lesson the hard way.."
"Can&#039;t get hard or stay hard when on this medication....."
"I was prescribed Spiriva Respimat just three weeks ago and the results have been amazingly effective. I was a smoker from the age of 12 until the age of 71, and was finally able to quit 11 years ago. I have been suffering the effects of COPD for at least the last 3 or 4 years (maybe longer) but the condition has gone undiagnosed until very recently. I was unable to walk to my mailbox or take a shower without becoming extremely exhausted. I was constantly coughing up large amounts of phlegm, both day and night, making getting a good night&#039;s sleep difficult, if not impossible. I have not woken up once in the past two weeks to cough up phlegm, although I still cough up small amounts of phlegm during the day. I have not suffered any allergies."
"I got this medication after a hysterectomy. It worked very well on my pain. I would recommend this if you are in severe pain. It works."
"I only took it for two weeks. I have been told to stop by the nurse at shared solutions. Right from the get go I was getting bad reactions. There was the normal hard swelling 3&quot; rash at the injection sight and the stinging pursued for hours. the next week, after an hour of the injection weakness throughout my entire body, all of my joints hurt especially my spine, horrible cold chills, and extreme nausea. These effects were lasting up to 6 hours. The injection site swelling would continue to get bigger for 3 days. I tried the massaging cold packs and warm packs... Nothing worked. I know this an extreme way to put it, but it felt like chemo...."
"I&#039;ve had acne for two years (currently in year 9) and have tried all creams, but the creams never used to work for me since it wasn&#039;t my skin that caused the pimples, apparently there was just too much hormone production, so the Dr. prescribed me with 50mg of Doxycycline about two and a half weeks ago. The first week there weren&#039;t any signs of success, the second week it just seemed to get worse, (which everyone says is the side affect of this drug) but i haven&#039;t experienced the third week of being on this drug so i just hope my pimples clear up."
"I loved Depo. I used the generic from age16-21. My insurance stopped covering the shot. I miss it!

On my first shot of depo, my period got shorter and lighter each month, and on my second shot, I don&#039;t think I had a period. I know by the third shot, I trusted depo.

I threw away my emergency period travel purse before the end of the first year and never had a single drop of period for 5 years. Miracle.

No condoms, no pregnancy. 

It helped my acne.

My negative side effects were it changed my personality. I felt less social, lower libido (still functioned well), and some doctors tried to diagnose me with depression. I experienced sleep paralysis once every 6 months. 

Those negatives don&#039;t outweigh the positives for me!"
"Paxil is good at first but the &quot;good&quot; influence will wear out as soon as your body get used to it. While on it, I felt confident but only on the surface (the med alleviates the physical aspects of SA). On the inside however I&#039;m filled with self doubt, negative thoughts, jealousy of naturally confident people etc. It also made me (careless) not give a damn about socializing so I&#039;m less interested in social situations = more isolated = fear people&#039;s views of me. Anyways, please do not consider taking it as it&#039;s only a temporary fix. I was dumb enough to believe the success stories written here and tried it. I now have trouble quitting because of the nasty withdrawal symptom.."
"taking this drug was the biggest mistake of my life.... this drug destroyed my life... I was on this drug for total of 30 days... I have permanent ED...anxiety ..and muscular distrophy as the result of taking this drug, be wise and never touch this drug....even one pill can destroy your life,,, it dosen&#039;t worth it at all"
"I see many comments about the cost. Google Myrbetric copay assistance and you can get the first script free (By The Way a 90 day works for the first script free) after that it will cover up to the first $50. You simply fill out the form and print the card then bring to your pharmacy. Unfortunately you can&#039;t use with government insurance."
"I tried Chantix after smoking for 20 years, I did have horrible GI side effects, and vivid weird dreams. I was only able to tolerate for 3 weeks -- BUT, that was all it took to kick my 1 1/2 pack a day habit.  I never obsess about smoking like I did when I tried to quit with patches -- then I was following the guy who did smoke around after he went out for his smoke break.  I don&#039;t think about it, crave it, have any negative thoughts when I see someone ELSE smoking.  I love that."
"I just started the patch a few days ago and I&#039;ve been selling myself on the idea that it WILL work for me. I then sat back and looked at what was happening:
Day 1: got my period (full blast) for 10 hours
Day 2: emotional wreck
Day 3: even more of an emotional wreck. Even a little depressed.
Day 4: got my period again.
Day 5: over it
I don&#039;t think it&#039;s for me."
"I have been using this product since I was a teenager and it works and changes lives... Too bad the company knows this and the price has jumped in my area from $10 to $40 in the course of 15 years...

Some advice:
- apply to area and wrap in clear plastic wrap overnight. It will increase effectiveness 100x. It would take weeks to stop sweating initially until I learned this trick."
"So I&#039;ve been off accutane now for 4-5 months. My skin is still amazing. I had awful scaring and spots on my arms back chest and face before, my skin is now flawless. My Dermotologist said that once I stopped accutane My face would get inflamed however it didn&#039;t. I only get few spots now, only on my face which is great. I&#039;ve become less paranoid about my body and face. I strongly suggest accutane. All the side effects are worth it. I suffered from awful anxiety which accutane has resolved for me. I feel so happy!"
"I took it for insomnia. I&#039;ll give a two because it definitely knocked me out.  I tried it for about a week or so and the side effects didn&#039;t go away.  I was mindless - a zombie.  I was interested in absolutely nothing.  A friend would point out hot chicks walking by and the most I would give was a &quot;meh&quot;.  I did my school work, ate food, and sat around with friends - just sat there as everyone else had fun."
"I have suffered from urinary urge incontinence for a number of years.  It has gotten worse over time until now, I have had no control at all.  My doctor prescribed Vesicare and I have been taking it for two days so far.  I can&#039;t believe the difference.  I am now able to control the urge and even postpone the length of time between toilet visits.  It will be so nice to be able to leave home and not worry that I&#039;d better pass a toilet every half hour while I am gone."
"By chance I started taking Depakote around the time that my SAD normally kicks in and after a month it had stopped it dead in it&#039;s tracks; no depression and only very mild manic episodes. I&#039;m also now experiencing a sense of inner calm and mental clarity than I ever thought possible. No side effects other than vivid dreams and some weight gain, which is par the course for me this time of year anyway and a small price to pay for the improvements I&#039;m seeing."
"Well I&#039;m not pregnant, but my period is VERY irregular. I have it in a shorter time before I&#039;m done with the active pills. Then it lasts almost 1.5 weeks. Also breaking out horribly during the whole month (possible to be unrelated)."
"I&#039;m 24 and received the shot. Although painful (stinging), I experienced no extreme side effects as mentioned in numerous reviews. It was quick and I plan on returning to receive my second, then third."
"Let me start off saying that this birth control is the worst. I have been taking it for a year now and I have never felt worse. The first 4 four months were okay I didn&#039;t notice any bad side effects except for minor cramps everyday. After about five months it started to get worse. I have gained 15 pounds and it&#039;s extremely noticable. All I crave is junk food. I&#039;m way more irritable. And all the time. The week before my period is horrible. I often get bad PMS before my period. But the pill amplified it. It&#039;s even effected my sex drive, which is now non existent. The pill works for pregnancy prevention. But I would not recommend taking it."
"Amazing! It was very difficult at first -- had a lot of peeling, dryness, and breakouts but I stuck it out. After about 4-5 months I starting seeing a major improvement and now my skin is very smooth. Not only does it take care of acne but it smooths out fine lines. Great product, highly recommend. Try to stay patient through the first couple of months."
"I&#039;ve had Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) in my ankle/foot for about 9 yrs now work injury. 1st thing tried was cortizone shots directly in my ankle then after diagnosis I was given ext release morphine an vicodin for break through pain. Due to one of my more unpleasant an turned out dangerous side effects I have which is the random feeling of lots of ants or spiders running all over my Foot &amp; Leg biting me It feels so real that twice I ignored the feeling an found I was really being attacked by dozens of ants Doc decided to add Gabapentin and even thou that side effect has tapered off I had no real improvement I stopped taking it after 4 months. For about 5 yrs now I&#039;ve been taking exalgo, dilaudid, flexaril, &amp; cymbalta this combo has helped the most for me so far"
"I have been on Nuvaring for four years. 
I had major cycts on my overies when I was younger and was forced to change my birth control medications six times in three years. I was skeptical on taking the Depo shot and any IUD for fear that I would have cysts develope again. My doctor wanted to conduct an exploratory surgery. I had to try something immediately.  I asked my doctor about the Nuvaring. If it didn&#039;t help, I would go through with the surgery. I was constantly in pain and I was fed up with it. I read the information and started my dose. After 24 hours, I felt wonderful. In four years, I haven&#039;t had a cyst. Lighter, shorter periods, no weight gain, less acne, healthier skin and hair, and very little PMS. I highly recommend it."
"I started the NuvaRIng in January, as directed. This is the second birth control I&#039;ve used (had the pill Seasonale back in 2005, did nothing but spot all the time for six weeks), with the NuvaRing it is easy to insert, easy to remove and doesn&#039;t dislodge or fall out unless you might have some other issues. I have not gained weight or had any significant side effects. It made my period A LOT lighter (went from seven days with heavy bleeding to four days of just spotting), and the only downside I can find with it are the cost ($78). Overall I have liked the NuvaRing and would recommend it for use, however this is my experience. Some women may not have the same. We are all different. Very satisfied with the NuvaRing!"
"Having read all the reviews here I nearly cancelled my appointment to have Mirena fitted, I was terrified not having a high pain threshold. Anyway decided to go and have a chat with the doctor first, I took 500mg of naproxen an hour before my appointment. My description of it is this ... to start with it feels just like a smear, then slight stomach cramps (not as bad as my usual period pains) then another bit of cramping then done. I was so shocked at how quick it took and how little it hurt, I really was expecting to be in a lot of pain.....now 2-3 hrs later I&#039;ve got no bleeding and a bit of a dull ache like a period pain. I&#039;m really glad I plucked up the courage to go, it was no where near as bad as I was expecting."
"On the 10th day of my treatment I started itching. Mostly in ankle area, middle of stomach and hip area. Have noticed small itchy areas elsewhere, but not as much as the aforementioned."
"My 16 year old son has had acne- not to the point of scaring but enough to really affect his self esteem.
He is now under a specialist and has been taking Accutane for about 3-4 months.40mg per day.
After a month or so his skin was even worse and it was quite horrific but now he is nearly clear !
He has always been very moody and I have constantly been worried that he may have depression.
He has shown NO signs of being any worse on this medication !
Dry, dry, dry lips is the worst side effect and his self esteem is better."
"Got it 2013 after having my son October 2012. I was 17, period was stupid for three months after that it was gone till spring 2014, then started getting it regularly but light. Taken out and got a new one same day in September 2016, since then my period still been light and regular, but best birth control. Btw- Weight gain is never caused from BC ladies lol. Everyone&#039;s body is different. After pregnancy you&#039;re chances of pregnancy are higher and this BC saved me, works like a charm and it&#039;s not up your vagina nor is it a pill you may/may not remember daily"
"I have Diabetes, and get frequent bladder infections.  This medicine has always given me a quick relief of the symptoms."
"Started this medication 5 days ago after 3 years on Sertraline. Severe stomach cramps to the point I can&#039;t stand up which lasts all day.  I have severe bowel movements, skin itchy, headaches, feel sick all the time.  It&#039;s too early to say if it has helped my mood as I am only on 5 mg at the minute and will move up to 10mg in 3 days. I am hoping these side effects will pass soon as very hard to cope with. If you have a low pain threshold I would not take this medication, but if you are determined to feel better in the long run I would give it a try. Will update in next few days."
"Worst medication I&#039;ve ever taken. Experienced every side effect except sudden death and compulsive gambling.  Started to feel like a zombie devoid of anything real.  If you&#039;re not psychotic, don&#039;t take this!!!"
"I was 19 years old when my family doctor prescribed me Xanax 0.25mg. for my stress and anxiety from work and life at the time. I&#039;m 43 now I only take it when I&#039;m under a lot of stress or when my anxiety level goes up in any situation in my life. At the same time when I&#039;m stressed out I go walking and running because it helps too. I wouldn&#039;t know what I would do if I didn&#039;t have Xanax to help me."
"I experienced a really bad stress breakout on my face, chest and back. I was on an antibiotic for a bit and it did nothing. I finally saw a dermatologist and she prescribed me Atralin. After about two weeks of consistent use, I started seeing results. I now have been using it for about 6 months and am so happy with the results. It cleared up the acne on my back permanently, and I went from having big cysts on my face to now only a few blackheads once in  awhile, and I don&#039;t use it everyday anymore. My chest was the worst, and it cleared up cysts that I had struggled with for MONTHS, and even helped to lighten the red marks they left behind, although they are still somewhat visible. Overall I really liked this product."
"This was very, very good. I have MDNOS (Mood Disorder Not Otherwise Specified) however, it is likely that I have Bipolar 2 Disorder, and my doctor has used the terms hypomania and major depression to describe elements of my condition. I also experience some anxiety.

I tried Zoloft before, but as many people with Bipolar Disorders know, that can lead to some bad things happening. I had significant side effects and it made me irritable. 

When I got to Lamictal, I immediately noticed how much better things were. First, I began to feel less depressed, and I noticed that I had virtually no side effects. I have never even heard of a psych medication with no side effects (for me at least). It worked well for all of my problems."
"I started taking Phentermine in June of 2015.  By June of 2016 I had lost 100 pounds.  I stopped taking them in October of 2015 and gained about 5 pounds back.  I just recently started taking again today."
"I have had really bad experiences with birth control in the past. My doctor gave me Natazia about 1 1/2 years ago and its been doing awesome since. My one and only con is that you have take it around the same time every day or it will mess with your cycle a bit (causing ovary discharge and such) but if you  miss a pill and follow your chart it should work out with no problems. It has reduced my cycle to about 2 days and reduced cramps. Highly recommend!"
"Don&#039;t waste your money....Its all in your head. You think it is working, but it is your mind playing tricks"
"I&#039;m 18 and I&#039;ve been on Zovia for about a year. No weight gain, acne completely cleared up, and never gotten pregnant even if I did miss a couple! However, very bad PMS and irritability. My boyfriend of 2 years finds it very frustrating around the time of my period because I turn moody. Love it though."
"No side effects"
"Interesting reviews. Over the years I&#039;ve been on one cholesterol drug or another. My numbers are down and acceptable to my GP. The latest is the generic simvastatin . Muscle soreness in legs, hips, wrists have seemed to be my life. Up every two hours to pee like clockwork, sometimes more irritable for no apparent reason and irregular heart beats I can feel, and are picked up by my BP machine. After reading these reviews, I&#039;m going to self de-medicate for a spell to see if my sleep pattern changes as well as other possible side effects I&#039;ve listed. It seems too many people have the same symptoms as me, and have stopped taking the medication with positive results."
"Had been in a flare for a month that gradually worsened to the point where I was doubled over in cramp, vomiting and passing blood up to 15 times per day. I am on pred now for the last 5 days and after the first day nearly all symptoms went away! Only going once per day now and feel great. I was so against taking pred but as of now I think I&#039;m it&#039;s biggest advocate :) great stuff."
"0, zero, Nada. No weight loss. Been on it for 5 wks. Expensive wasted money. Maximum dose is 4 tablets daily. That should tell you something. If you have to take so many pills, be on diet, and exercise why take these. Just diet, exercise and buy over counter medicine. Stated at 230 lbs 5 weeks later still  230lb. Company will still profit at one month supply from each person taking this. LET&#039;S SEE IF THEY POST THIS"
"I am 62 years old. Took this for a urinary tract infection.  I had no effects except mild hives and I am usually hypersensitive to all antibiotics. It cleared up my UTI after 10 days of taking it and I am very pleased. Don&#039;t be afraid to take it just because some have bad effects. It may just work for you!"
"I have been taking Saxenda since July 2016.  I had severe nausea for about a month once I got up to the 2.6 dosage.  It has since subsided and the only side effect I notice now is the dry mouth.  I make sure to drink  2.5 litres of water a day (about 10 glasses).  This helps with the weight loss as well as the constipation.  I have been reducing my dose to find a comfortable spot where I am still losing weight but don&#039;t feel like I am over medicating.  For me, 1.8 is working very well.  I also feel wearing a Fitbit has really helped.  I can track my food, water, exercise and steps - it keeps me moving more.  When this started I could barely walk the length of myself without getting winded - I have lost 58 lbs so far."
"I was diagnosed with severe painful and silent migraines a few months ago, but the neurologist said I&#039;ve most likely suffered from silent migraines my entire life (I&#039;m 17 by the way), but recently they have started getting painful. Imitrex was the first medication I was put on. I was excited to start feeling better, but imitrex made me feel awful. I suffer from extreme nausea before, during and after a migraine and it&#039;s completely life ruining. I&#039;ve tried imitrex many times, in hopes of it finally working. Every time I&#039;d take it, I&#039;d get a horrible burning in my throat, and my migraine would worsen. It didn&#039;t help nausea, aura, pain or any other migraine symptoms I suffer from. I&#039;ve recently been put on another medication that&#039;ll hopefully work."
"I have had acne right after I got out of high school (which is weird right), and I have tried all kinds of stuff (proactive,PObagai, and a long laundry list of other stuff) and none of it has really helped. I tried Differin and I must say my skin is really smooth and has way less acne. I must admit when I first tried it, my skin didn&#039;t fair well with it and began to peel horribly. After reading a few posts from other people I used a moisturizer first and then used Differin, and no longer did have dry peely skin. I used Cerave cleaner and their am and pm moisturizer, and now I can say my skin looks fantastic with Differin and Ceravae. Acne takes time to heal and Differin will make a difference for you!"
"I started taking Flecainide Acetate , it  was prescribed for two 100 mg tablets  twice a day.  I took one the first day and no ill affects. Took the second one the next day and during the night had a bad attack of diarrhea for over twenty minutes  in the bathroom. After that it hit again about two hours later the same thing.  I won&#039;t do into details about what happen then, but I had a bad problem with it. I never had anything like that in my entire life. will talk to the doctor tomorrow about it , or his nurse. Last time I had a bad reaction from a medicine I told the doctor and she said ( it might of been a virus)  I had viruses all my life including the flu, and none every acted like this one did."
"There are few good things with this birth control and a few bad. 
1. My adult acne has cleared up. 
2. Makes me want to eat EVERYTHING a week or 2 after my period. So you gain weight. 
3. Makes me really angry, really quick."
"I took Norvasc for three years. I feel that I have lost my passion for life and any motivation to do anything. By careful dieting, mostly portion control, I have been able to lose over 10% of my weight and my BP dropped.  I asked my doctor if I could stop my BP med.  he approved that as long as I monitor my BP at home. I stopped it about a week ago and I feel better each day.  I didn&#039;t know that my feeling of depression was due to the Norvasc but I&#039;m starting to come back to life."
"after being on imagrain for years it finally stopped working.
i was put on rizatriptan and luckily it has worked perfectly. once again though the down fault with any of these drugs is that you have to catch the migrain as it begins or else the drugs wont work. fingers crossed it keeps working as i suffer up to 3-5 migraines a week."
"I was on this birth control for 6 months and I have nothing negative to say about it. I didn&#039;t have a period the entire time I was on it. I didn&#039;t deal with any of the side effects. Although, I did experience hair loss. Which isn&#039;t a problem to me because it grows back."
"I opted for Nexplanon after giving birth to my now 9 month old daughter. The first 7 months, I bled continually. This month I haven&#039;t had one at all. I have not gained weight in fact I am losing weight, and no problems with acne.  Only complaint was constant bleeding at first and my arm was real tender for a few wks in the beginning.  Oct 2016, will  be  my 3 yrs and I plan on getting it removed and a new one inserted."
"I slept well as a young adult, but by my mid forties I was only sleeping about 4 hours per night, and only 2 or 3 hours if I was under stress. It finally got to where I having a lot of anxiety, grinding my teeth at night (with a sore jaw in the morning), and even started showing symptons of ocd. I started Elavil (Brand name in Canada) 10mg at bedtime six years ago, and it has made my life so much better. I sleep a solid 6.5 hours every night, and feel great. The teeth grinding and the ocd symptoms both stopped within the first 2-3 weeks. It took a few days to start taking effect. I also had a slight tremor during that first few days only. I had a somewhat dry mouth for the first two years or so, but not at all now. 10mg still works for me.."
"I was given 7 monthly injections of Lupron, given to me at my PCP&#039;s office each month.  This was done for the fibroids I had and for the fact that I was on a plan to have an entire hysterectomy at the end of that 7 months. I bled very little really, but overall thats about the best thing I can say about that drug

After every injection I was an emotional basketcase before I could even get back to my car from the doctors office--emotional to the hilt.   I&#039;d go home and then...become lost in my own surroundings in my own home.  I would not recommend anyone who&#039;s planning on having a hysterectomy to use this &#039;pre-surgery&#039; drug. Ever.  I mean, its hard enough to have to get a hysterectomy to begin with, then make it harder on yourself?"
"I had the worst migraine of my life for three days. I felt like I&#039;d tried everything possible. Nothing touched the pain. It was blinding. My husband brought me the Goodies powder. It was awful tasting, but within a half hour my migraine was gone. It&#039;s a miracle. I&#039;m grateful."
"Simponi has helped my symptoms tremendously. I did not have to take methotrexate along with this. I am very happy to be almost pain free. But I do notice maybe psoriasis beginning on my scalp."
"I got the Nexplanon on April 10, 2013. So I&#039;ve been on it for 8 months. I was warned about the side effects and that some woman&#039;s periods go away. The day after it was implanted, my period stopped and my arm ached for a few days. For two or three months I had very light periods that started on the 10th of each month. No joke. Then my periods disappeared for a few months. Which was awesome!!! The past few months I have had my normal period. Other than randomly not having periods or having my periods and my arm sometimes aches, I have had no scary side effects. I definitely recommend it."
"3 years at home has been a relief for me. Needle area sites takes about 2 hours to disappear. 10 grams per week of Hizentra keeps my level normal and I have not had any infections or illness. The cream is applied 15 minutes
before the needles and very smooth going in."
"I have been on this birth control for about three months. Although my periods are shorter, I have had really bad side effects. It has made me very moody, I have had really bad headaches, and I have experienced major hair loss. It freaked me out and I switched back to my prior birth control."
"I am 75 year old and have taken Clonazepam 0.5 mg tablet for about 4 years for restless legs and insomnia. I take 1/2 of the tablet every night, along with vitamin D and magnesium &amp; Aleve for arthritis pain. It has been very effective for me, it lets me sleep with no hangover but I do have vivid dreams every night, not nightmares though.. On occasion I have taken a full tablet but I keep them cut in half and usually only need the 1/2 dose. My new doctor is taking me off of them and putting me on Mirapex for restless legs and melatonin to sleep. Melatonin has never helped before but I will try again."
"I was told that this would cause gastroparisis, and it has. 7th week on it and it is so bad that I can&#039;t sleep. Bloated abdomen and sharp cramping pain in upper abd. No appreciable impact on daily blood sugar. No wt loss, rather a gain. Muscle tightness in heck and head, leading to headaches. 
I was doing ok with daily victoza but insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it and made me switch."
"I started taking Benicar HCT six years ago. I have no side effects from taking this medication. My first prescription for 30 tablets cost me $75.00. My refill cost me $183.00 for the same quantity of pills. The medicine has increased in price 2.4 times since I have been taking it. Usually pharmaceutical companies decrease the cost gradually over time of the product, but price of Benicar has increased by leaps and bounds. Very difficult to handle due to my income."
"Im 20 and Im on week 4( 2 pills in the morning and 2 at night) i am 16 pounds down already. I am experiencing mild nausea, but it&#039;s only when I eat certain things. Once I throw up, I feel much better. I am trying to include more fruit into my diet to compensate for the food I have been throwing up. I have heard these symptoms don&#039;t last but 2 weeks max. If they last longer than that, I&#039;m going to go back to the 2 pills in the morning and 1 at night since I did good during that. This pill has been great at eliminating my cravings. No constipation or headaches so far."
"I had gone through 2 doctors, and 2 different prescriptions before going to a third doctor and getting these drops, They worked great for me, however, I developed another infection in my other ear and so far these drops are doing nothing for the second infection. And as for the cost, I don&#039;t know about States... but in Canada it&#039;s around $60 without a plan and I got it for $7.47 with my plan."
"Following a knee replacement surgery, I had breakthrough pain (I had a nerve block in place) the first night that was about a 9 out of 10. I was not due for my oral meds at the time but for some reason, I was eligible to receive an IV dose of Dilaudid. I would say within one minute, the pain was minimal and I was able to get some sleep. It did make me drowsy. I&#039;ve never had it before or since, but absolutely credit it with some major pain relief the one time it was administered. It&#039;s a shame that we have to almost beg for pain meds and often are made to feel like drug seekers when we do. I&#039;m still on the recovery path for the surgery and have been using an oral med. Next will be ibuprofen, then nothing, I hope."
"I&#039;m 23 and I never had acne in high school until I stopped taking my birth control due to health conditions. I started back on it and acne came on with a vengeance. No matter what I did if I was on or off BC the acne never stopped flaring up. Some days were good and my face &amp; back clear but I was tired of battling not looking in the mirror and being happy. I tried minocycline. I&#039;m not going to say it didn&#039;t work because it HELPED. Acne still horrible. First month, some dryness, second month more dry, nosebleeds and cystic acne popped up. I&#039;m finishing my 3rd month and more of my friends say my face is looking AMAZING. Can&#039;t wait to finish treatment. Patience is key for this medication for sure!!"
"After trying Vesicare, Enablex and Gelnique, I was giving up.  My doctor suggested trying this one...Sanctura. I saw results the very next day. I can not only sleep through the night, I am no longer running to get to the toilet in the morning. I&#039;ve only been on it 5 days. No side effects yet.  But I also take stool softeners. No dry mouth...no sleepiness.  I also have given up caffeine at the same time I began this pill. Not sure if that helped as well, but I am now very happy!"
"I have gained so much weight, and I can&#039;t seem to lose it.... I&#039;ve tried everything. I am always keeping headaches and mood swings. The only good thing about it is, no periods."
"Exceedingly dry mouth causing broken sleep and frequent drinks, blood sugar ebbs and reduced stamina, encourages me to eat up to five times a day. Osteoarthritis worsens with the dryness however mentally stable. Wary of this drug being only a stop gap and apprehensive what&#039;s next on the medication menu as all have unbearable side effects."
"I started the medication on 1/8/2016 as directed weighed myself this morning with the scale down scale and it said that I lost 21 pounds in less than 2 weeks"
"Fantastic. I use to suffer with nasty migranes that would leave me in bed, in too much pain to even cry. I use zomig rapi-melt 2.5mg. It takes between 20-40 mins to work, at any stage of the attack, and clears all symptoms."
"I moved out to Arizona 6 years ago. Since then I have had difficulty transitioning from the Midwest to the southwest. I struggled keeping a job and maintaining any relationships due to my depression and anxiety. I tried Prozac , but had to many highs and lows. After 5 years, I finally got relief. Doctor put me on Zoloft. Zoloft has been a miracle drug for me. I have maintained the same job for over a year and have been in a munogonus  relationship with my boyfriend. I sleep better and don&#039;t think so much. My family is so happy for me that i got the help i needed and we get along better. My thoughts would go into turmoil before and I would think the worst of everything then get stuck in a rut. It was hell."
"Omg my vagina was on fire!!! On day 2 :( this is a torture! I rather give birth without epidural, so unbearable the burning. I took Motrin, I applied ice pack and vagisil maximum strength, finally calmed down after 2 hours. I really really really hope after 3rd day it goes away."
"I have really bad asthma and nothing seemed to help.  I recently started taking Singulair and my asthma has improved unbelievably.  No more wheezing and severe headaches.  I feel like a new person."
"At first, i thought this was great.  Same as Yaz, good for menstrual regulation.  However, after three months, I felt like I was losing my mind.  I was moody, depressed, anxious, irritable, and felt completely crazy.  My friends and co-workers started noticing my mood swings too.  I stayed on the med because it was fully covered, whereas Yaz costs a significant amount more.  Recently I switched back to Yaz and couldn&#039;t be feeling better.  I feel like my normal self again.   I would rather spend the extra money on the name brand than ever go through that feeling again."
"No relief."
"I have been on the NuvaRing for one week. I came off of Tri Sprintec. I was so hormonally messed up from going to a combination pill to an estrogen only back to a combination. I bloated out and looked like 6 months pregnant. So I got off all birth control for one month and inserted the NuvaRing when my period started. I have been constantly nauseous with no appetite at all. I also have SEVERE diarrhea. I&#039;m still going to give it a try for another month to see if those side effects wear off. Every time I start a new Birth control pill I get sick to the stomach. So this must be the case. I love it&#039;s convenience. I have no other side effects."
"I started using the patch when I was about 9 and using it now. I&#039;m 13. I was in the lowest classes and now I&#039;m in the highest class in my grade. I used to have to sit in my room for 4 1/2 hours until I finished my homework. It got so bad sometimes that I didn&#039;t even finish my homework because It was getting too late. I couldn&#039;t hangout with friends. Now it only takes me about 30 mins to an hour to finish. This patch helps me throughout the day. I only use it on weekdays when I&#039;m at school because I only use it when I have to finish a task. But during school I find my stomach rumbling in classes. I ate breakfast every morning, and tried to eat lunch but I loose my appetite. I find myself sweating during class also from not eating in the day."
"For the past few years, my friends all made fun of me for how many naps I took.  Eventually, I was not able to leave very far from my house lest I get a sleep attack and need to lay down immediately.  I&#039;ve slept everywhere - from the bathroom floor at my work (before I was fired for leaving early so many times to sleep) to friends cars during the middle of the day.  After FINALLY getting a narcolepsy diagnosis (good luck getting insurance to pay without it - even the Patient Assist Program won&#039;t send you meds unless your diagnosis is documented) I am now experiencing how normal people must live.  As long as I take the Provigil at the exact times I need to (100mg at 8am, noon, 4pm) I can work, making me feel like an asset to society again."
"I was in a major depression: I had considerable lethargy, anxiety, weight loss, racing thoughts that I could not seem to turn off and I felt suicidal. I couldn&#039;t make the smallest of decisions. I was terrified to drive and I&#039;ve been driving for over 30 years! I also had great difficulty performing even the simplest of tasks- some things I could not do at all!  After about a month I noticed tremendous relief. It was like a huge cloud had been lifted and that  I had been pulled out of a &#039;huge hole&#039;!  I definitely feel Cymbalta saved MY life."
"I started this birth control because other birth controls were either not working for my acne or giving me bad cramps. I wanted to quit after week 8. I was moody all the time, my appetite grew, and it really did nothing for my acne. My boyfriend thought I was pregnant it was getting so bad. I am now on my period with the worst cramps I&#039;ve ever had, they started at least 2 days before my actual period and I feel like I have bipolar disorder. One minute I am crying over not having tea, the next I am happy and bubbly like nothing was ever wrong. I am changing back to a previous birth control as soon as possible."
"I&#039;ve been on Topamax for almost 2 months now. My migraines were out of control and this has definitely helped them some and I&#039;m extremely grateful for that. However, the side effects hit me really really hard! In the beginning, the pins and needles in my hands and feet were so, so bad. I would wake up in the middle of the night yelling about how bad my feet hurt, because they woke me up. I had trouble touching things and picking things up because of the pins and needles in my hands (and occasionally still do). And for a while I was really, really spacey and slurred a lot of words and couldn&#039;t hold a conversation or do much of anything. I go back to the doctor soon for my follow up appointment, so I guess we&#039;ll see what happens."
"I read the reviews on Champix and thought maybe my experience maybe helpful to someone. I stopped smoking for 2 months cold turkey and experienced nearly every side effect listed by people as being caused by Champix.  Could these be possibly caused by nicotine withdrawal ?? And not the drug?? Cold turkey, l suffered anxiety, low mood, felt like time was standing still, difficulty concentrating, headaches, irritability, insomnia, vivid dreams that actually seemed real, restless legs, gastric disturbances and tingling of my hands and feet and cravings. I found lots of water and making myself exercise helped. Starting Champix today and nicotine patches as recommended by my Dr."
"PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS! I bought the generic brand and I am itching like crazy as of right now and I am bleeding and I am burning inside. It hurts to pee so much I literally am wanting to cry! Please do not ever use this."
"Effexor XR treated my depression very well. It relieved me of the despair that kept me from leading a productive life. On the other hand, I felt an inability to feel strong emotion of any kind. I didn&#039;t get excited by anything, I didn&#039;t laugh in funny movies or cry in sad movies. I felt generally good, but also felt that I was missing out on something. I quit Effexor cold turkey - NOT a good idea - and experienced terrible withdrawal symptoms. Don&#039;t expect to come off this medicine easily, though it is possible. As a side note, I experienced intensely vivid dreams while taking Effexor, dreams that made absolutely no sense. I gave up telling anyone about them because they thought I was lying."
"Have used Multaq for almost 2 years. No side effects. I have noticed life is good (normal. Thank you Multaq."
"klonopin has definitely given me my life back!"
"Been on and off Prozac for depression. Very effective for turning negative thoughts into positive ones, increased energy and motivation to get things done and get through the day, less fatigue from stress and worry, better sleep at night, better appetite, able to cope with life&#039;s stressors, feel like spending more time with friends and family and doing activities when not depressed, more social/talkative when not depressed, increased confidence when not feeling anxious or depressed. In better health, feel more in control of my life, more optimistic and positive."
"I am 24 and had Nexplanon put in around January of 2016. The first year was fantastic. Normal period, light bleeding. This year has been awful! I was depressed all of the time, sore boobs, feeling fluttering pregnancy movements in my belly, acne all of the time and I had a very heavy 8 wk long period before I had enough. Told my doctor to take it out ASAP. At the time of having it taken out is when my doc told me it TRICKS your body into thinking its pregnant. Thats why all of the symptoms are so terrible! I&#039;ve been 3 weeks without it and I&#039;m still working to get my energy back. Period is back to normal. Ladies, beware. Just do your homework."
"This is the only drug doctors recommend for sarcoidosis. The side-effects of other heavy-duty immune suppressant drugs are considered worse than the sarcoidosis symptoms. It&#039;s a dual edged sword. It does reduce inflammation and makes breathing easier but it also has permanent effects. For me it permanently reduced thyroid function, increased puffiness in face, overall weight gain, insomnia and overall muscle stiffness to the point of spasms. "
"I have been on Pristiq for 6 days now. I am feeling better, but still have nausea and dizzy but it&#039;s getting better. I have never been on any kind of medicines except antibiotics.  I am also still tense but hope that will go away soon.  Reading all of the comments have helped."
"Wow, on my second use I had total control.  Now I can stretch out our love sessions and let her REALLY enjoy it. We love it."
"I&#039;ve tried many antipsychotics in the past like Risperdal, Geodon, Abilify, Saphris and Seroquel. My favorite has to be Seroquel. Latuda compared to all atypical antipyschotics is better tolerated than most second generation atypicals and it doesn&#039;t have the drawback of extreme akethisia like Geodon. Also glucose and lipids levels changes where compared to that of placebo so I&#039;m happy to say this purchase was worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on Xanax for over half a year now and it has really been a life saver on a lot of occasions. If it wasn&#039;t for these Xanax&#039;s I think I wouldn&#039;t have made it through because it&#039;s like they save me from having a heart attack or stroke and dying or at least that&#039;s what it feels like to me. Thank goodness for this kind of medicines."
"I&#039;m in my third week of Victoza, 2nd week at 1.2.  Also take Actos once daily.  No side effects except loss of appetite and fill up quickly.  No weight loss and no dramatic drop in blood sugar readings.  I&#039;m sticking with it for a while.  All of the positive reviews give me hope."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 months and I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds. I&#039;m bloated the first two weeks of my pills. It&#039;s terrible. I always start in the middle of my row of my active pills and my period is long. Like 8 days. Not happy. I&#039;m calling to switch. I switched from Minastrin Fe which was terrible too."
"Second time taking this medication.  The first for an upper respiratory infection this time a tooth infection.  First time I took the medicine I had the worst stomach pains and diarrhea. Read online that eating probiotic yogurt before you take the med no stomach pains will happen ...IT WORKS! Had no problem the rest of the week. 

This time my dentist prescribed for a tooth infection.  Well, I didn&#039;t realized it was the same devil medicine from before. Took the pill, ate waffle house, puked 1.5 hours later.  Took a nap. Stomach feels a little better but still a little queasy"
"This is the best migraine medicine I have tried.  It has been the only migraine medication to work on my migraines and with an immediate result. It works most of the time, but not always.  Restated, I have never had a migraine medication work."
"I&#039;m a 62 year old male and have been smoking since I was 19. For the past 20  years pack a day. Tried to quit before, cold turkey. Tried the patch 3x... Wellbutrin last time. PCP had prescribed Chantix before and I chickened out on using it.  

Am now 8 weeks on Chantix. Last smoke was at the end of the first week. Have not smoked since Quit Day... and haven&#039;t had an awful lot of urge to smoke either.  I&#039;ll sometimes now forget to take my pill until 9-10am when I remember it ... same in the evening... which means if I wake up at 2am.  I am AWAKE.  Bummer.  So definitely need to remember the evening pill at 6pm ... which is when I get my daily phone call from Get Quit.

Just picked up my 3rd month of Chantix."
"Been using in alternating with Xanax for 15 years, and there are times I would (and sometimes did) end up in the hospital without it."
"I am 52 years old I&#039;ve struggled my entire life with anxiety phobias depression intrusive racing thoughts etc I was diagnosed with PTSD MDD and panic disorder. I have tried every kind of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants. Sometimes with absolutely horrible side effects. I am disabled with disc and bone disease my pain doctor added amitriptyline to my meds. I never would have imagined my pain doctor giving me a drug that could change my whole life, especially at my age. I gave up on  finding a medication that really helped. I have been home bound for the past 3 years I have become a recluse. Now, I look forward to getting out of the house! I actually feel happy!  THANK GOD!!!! AND IT&#039;S ONLY $4 CASH !"
"I started this about a week and half ago and I haven&#039;t had any nausea a little dizziness or more of an off balance feeling. Went to the doctor today and am already down 6 pounds! She upped my dose to the 1.2 and after reading the reviews I am a little worried with the side affects seeing how they didn&#039;t really affect till they increased in the dose. My sugar has seen a little decrease but still needs some work. My appetite has also decreased. Thanks for all the reviews it helped me a lot!"
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for 3 years now. I would not recommend it to anyone because the side effects are horrible. Periods are very irregular and last a really long time when I do get them. I get really bad headaches and pains in my arm. I&#039;ve gained a lot of weight since on this BC and have been on others in the past but this is by far the worst one."
"71 y/o male, been on Apriso for 17 months.  Was on Asacol, PRN,  since 1st dx of &quot;Crohn&#039;s colititis&quot;  in &#039;03, refined to Crohn&#039;s, with stricture @ splenic flexure (caecum) in 2013.  In June drove 4000+ miles without butt cushion and have exacerbated hemorrhoids with minor bleeding X3 mos.  Saw anesthesia yesterday and ECG looked better than 40 years ago, but worried about H&amp;H (rectal bleeding), liver and kidney enzymes (long terms NSAIDS) and C-reactive protein (indicative of autoimmune antecedents).  If labs are OK, will go next week for UGI endo (1st time), and bottom peek, with possible repair of hemis.  My Apriso co pay went from $47 to $169/mo.(donut hole) and I wonder if we might switch back to Asacol?"
"I had been on the pill for nearly a year before deciding I should find an alternative form of birth control since I had trouble taking the pill on time and every day. I decided to get the Skyla IUD because my doctor kind of talked me into it, but when I brought up my fear of the IUD embedding into my uterine muscles she said she had never heard of such a thing, which seemed sketchy because I had personally known people it had happened to but I still went along with scheduling my insertion appointment. I went in for the insertion and it was a very quick process. Worst pain I&#039;ve ever felt and I have a high pain tolerance. Cramps and spotting on and off thus far, but I love this IUD! Definitely worth the short 15 mins of pain"
"For 30 years I have struggled to quit smoking. I quit smoking in 7 weeks with Chantix!!! I feel free!"
"I&#039;m on day 3, have had a glass of wine the past couple of days and have not had any crazy drug interactions? I felt a little hot sweat but that&#039;s it! I&#039;m hopeful I&#039;ll be completely fine. I only have 2 more days to go."
"Was in an accident and have really bad whip lash pain in back, shoulder, and hands. This literally knocked me out and in this situation work superbly, only downside is the sleepiness."
"I have experienced severe sinus nasal congestion and the resulting headaches for over 10 years. I have basically tried everything out there, and Drixoral is the only medication that works for me. I too agree-- please put Drixoral back on the market!"
"I have debilitating seasonal allergies, to the point where my eyes swell up completely.  Doctors kept saying take zyrtec, take claritin, nasonex, etc.  Nothing made even a dent in the symptoms, even benadryl barely helped.  When I was finally prescribed xyzal it completely changed allergy season for me.  I feel like I have no allergies at all (almost a problem because I forget to take my meds).  Anyone who is miserable during allergy season should seriously consider xyzal."
"I took one tablet in the morning and I was fine until the afternoon. In the afternoon I had a debilitating headache and could not function. The pain spread to the back of my neck. I could hardly move. Then to top it all off, I started feeling nauseous. I lied down on the couch and stay still but I still threw up."
"2 days taking phentermine 37.5 and I feel great. I am 5&#039;10 and 40 years old- starting weight 224.8 and two days later I at 218.0lbs. I&#039;m under doctors care while taking these and she has me taking them for 2 months maybe 3. The only side effects for me is dry mouth and the first day taking them a little blurry vision only lasting 1 min. My appetite has completely vanished and its easy making the right food choices.  My goal weight is around 170.  I have a very positive outlook now that I can do this and will start exercising 3 days a week."
"Got this prescribed to me when I had a bug a few months back. Recently I have had recurring Clostridium Difficile (infection in the stomach) for a few months. I take Promethazine when I feel nauseated and it always works in about half an hour. It makes me extremely tired, but its worth it if it combats the nausea. That being said, it doesn&#039;t work for any stomach ailment other than nausea (pain, cramping, bloating). I love knowing it&#039;s around just in case I need it. (PS if you are really going to throw up, it will come out the other end after promethazine.)"
"Took Ranexa for a short period and experienced severe urinary symptoms. After being examined by a Nephrologist, I was found to have an acute kidney failure. He immediately took me off Ranexa - and with long and disciplined treatment I was brought back to &quot;almost normal&quot; kidney function. However, it is clear from my regular blood tests over several years that Ranexa has caused lasting kidney damage which shows evidence of being permanent.."
"Great for dental pain. Toradol was better than the narcotics prescribed (Lortab) for managing the pain."
"I am on my second pack of zarah and I started taking the pill because of my acne. My family says my acne has gotten a little better but I don&#039;t see much of a difference. Some side effects I found are that I am extremely unmotivated and tired. Being an elite athlete I am struggling with exercising and just want to sleep all day. I also only crave junk food. This may be mental but I usually love fruits and vegetables but I feel like throwing up just thinking about eating them. I hope I can snap out of it and get back to my life."
"This is an amazing medicine and I lost 42 lbs on it but maybe that&#039;s also why I&#039;m this crazy now because I barely eat anything and it needs to be taken with food to be absorbed properly and I don&#039;t eat enough or exercise, which I need to start doing but I hate the fact that it makes me not enjoy eating and plus I need to take it with food. I wish it was like Risperdal and I don&#039;t need to take it with food but Risperdal didn&#039;t work for me. "
"Had BV and prescribed 2 pills a day for 7 days. Cannot drink alcohol for 10 days which sucks but worth it to be healthy again. I tried the gel before and was messy and didn&#039;t work. This pill makes me feel nauseous especially at night time. Bad headaches and tired 24/7 I can barely make myself get up and out of the house. I forgot to take 2 twice a day so had to take them longer than the 7 days. I think it worked, hope it is gone for good. I also have no appetite nothing sounds good to eat. Force yourself to eat something when u take it and coat the pill before putting in your mouth the taste is horrible like no pill I&#039;ve ever had before, I dipped mine in random foods to avoid taste (frosting, pudding, peanut butter is a good one)."
"MY EXPERIENCE with Effexor XR vs Prozac

1) EXR eliminates ALL PANIC ATTACKS
2) Prozac eliminates ALL OBSESSIVE THINKING
3) Prozac made me sleep like a fat cat even tho I RARELY ate, and I gained a ton of weight when I was only 106 lbs to start.
4) EXR did not cause me weight gain (or loss) however it made me very irritable and I caught myself clenching my jaw all day, however had a lot more energy than Prozac.
5) BOTH meds I used over 12 weeks to make a fair comparison.

6) I saw a bio-identical hormones therapist to see what&#039;s going on.  No clear cut answers.  So here is my thought.  You&#039;re a normal person being a normal life with a normal energy level. You take Prozac and Wham! You&#039;re  sleeping 10 hours a day............................."
"I just had Mirena inserted a few days ago. The insertion was not as painful as I had expected, mainly uncomfortable. I had it put in as a reliable contraceptive after my first baby was born. My OB told me numerous times that the mirena is recommended for women who have already had children. I have no complaints about it so far. There was some pretty bad cramping after it was first inserted for maybe 10 minutes. But that&#039;s kind of a given considering something is being placed into your cirvix hole.."
"I used this product in combination with Aczone prescribed by the dermatologist. I&#039;m very disappointed. The acne didn&#039;t improve at all. I have the impression that this gel worsen the skin. I have stopped using it after 2 weeks."
"Was taking 100mgs but was slow moving all day. Causes confusion and difficulty with short memory. Cut down to 50 mgs a day. Been on Topamax for a year. Still about the same side effects. Still get migraine every week too. Think time to ween off the pill popping."
"Works great for the heartburn. Received a sample from the Doctor and took it for 10 days no problem till day 9/10. Started with terrible abdominal pain, gas, and diarrhea. Still have diarrhea about an hour after I eat and first thing in the morning. Stopped taking the medicine about 5 days ago. Will have to go back to the Protonix and deal with the breakthrough heartburn. The difference between Protonix and Dexilant is that the Dexilant has a short acting and long acting medication in it to prevent break through heartburn."
"Great for &quot;resetting&quot; at bedtime when feeling a little upswing with Bipolar.  I have noticed after a day of being a little up, the Klonopin drops the intensity and brain energy nicely to allow for rest and relaxing.  I do notice that if I don&#039;t take it, because I may not feel like I need it one night, that it is harder to get to sleep.  I also have experienced some short term memory loss when taking 1.5 mg (3 x .5 mg) the next day.  It has also helped me with anxiety when depressed.  Great drug!"
"Just had it inserted today, and holy crap the pain. it was a 15/10 when she put it in. I came home and threw up from the pain. After napping with a heating pad i felt a million times better though. Even though the pain was awful, I&#039;d do it again if it means not having to worry about BC for 3 years."
"I struggled with severe anxiety and panic attacks since I was in early adolescence. I have also been through almost all the SSRI&#039;s which make my depression worse and did nothing for my anxiety. I had lost all hope until my Doctor suggested I start on clonazepam 1mg x 2 daily and it was finally something that worked. He increased to 1mg x 3 daily and have been doing great on it. "
"So, I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was like 16 years old - I&#039;m 24 now. I started taking Loestrin 24 fe for a while, which I loved! Then I tried out the Depo shot, that was cool as well. Got back on Loestrin 24 fe since it&#039;s holy grail for me! Never had any problems with this birth control. I stopped taking it for a while, then of course, it was discontinued. Now here&#039;s Minastrin 24 fe. Well, I began taking this medicine and would become so ill that I wanted to cry literally every day for about an hour. Not only that, but the mint taste makes me very nauseous to this day and it&#039;s been 6 months. I&#039;ve lost all attraction to my boyfriend after starting this pill.  IT SUCKS!"
"I absolutely hate the depo shot. A few years ago I was on depo but was receiving the doses completely wrong. My doctor was having me take the shot once a month. After a year and a half of bad luck trying to get pregnant I finally did and had my daughter in June of this year. I received my first shot in August. The first w weeks I was fine and had no bleeding then it all started with some spotting here and there. Some days I wouldn&#039;t have it and then I would go back to spotting and then full on bleeding. I have been bleeding for the past 2 months and I can&#039;t stand it. I don&#039;t have my life anymore. No sex drive, moody, always hungry. I will never get depo again and I don&#039;t recommend it to anyone."
"I was switched to ortho tri cyclen lo but the pharmacy gave me this birth control claiming it was the same thing, i have been on it for almost 2 weeks and I&#039;ve had all sorts of side effects. I&#039;ve had nausea and vomitting, blurry vision, trouble concentrating, itchiness, dryness, zero libido, recently i&#039;ve experience episodes of anxiety what i believe, high blood pression, high heart rate then drops to normal vital signs. It&#039;s just been an awful 2 weeks so far. I don&#039;t think i can handle continuing the pack."
"Having osteoarthis,fibromyalgia,osteoporosis along with RA this medication is a wonder drug for me.I take the mythlpred 4mg pak.It gives me the relief to be able to live a normal life even it is for 2 to 3 months at a time,"
"Started taking this medication about a week ago for Sciatica related pain, I had L5-L6 back surgery 10 years ago and get flare ups of pain from post surgery. It has helped the pain a fair bit, I still feel the right buttock pain when driving my car but other types of sittings is much better. The side effects are not so good, ablot of bloating. I feel like I have a balloon in my tummy; upset stomach; light headed and dizzy. With having vertigo in the past its hard to tell if is Vertigo or the medication.  Doctor wanted me to try it for 2 weeks but will go see him today after 1 week and have a chat with him about it. My dosage is 2 pills per day with food 50MG. I will ask if taking 1 per day may be and idea and who knows it may be enough?"
"I have suffered from severe underarm perspiration for many years. I would only wear tops that were black or white. Even through many layers of clothing, my shirt stains under my arms were terrible. I would worry that people could see my sweat, and that would make me sweat even MORE. This product is AMAZING! I never thought it would be this easy to get rid of the problem! Just follow the instructions on the bottle, and your life will be SO MUCH BETTER! Sometimes it feels like it is warm in my underarm area and I freak out that I am sweating, but when I look there is nothing there! This is an incredible product... VERY highly recommended!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about 3 years. I haven&#039;t expirenced anything unusual...I initially started taking it for irregular periods (I&#039;d only get 11 days between each, which sucked) and to maybe clear up my acne. It definitely got me regular, although didn&#039;t help much with acne, it didn&#039;t make it worse or change the current condition.  It has worked 100% of the time for me, even with not being perfect while taking it.  It&#039;s a great contraceptive if you&#039;re good at remembering to take it everyday...(Which I&#039;m not sometimes) so I&#039;m currently in the transition of trying out the nuvaring, it has one different hormonal ingredient then sprintec, but I&#039;m not too concerned the side effects will be any different (if any at all)."
"I get situational panic attacks in high stress meetings or interviews - these started a few years ago.  

My doctor prescribed me 10mg of Propranolol to take 10-30 minutes before meetings, speeches, etc. This calms me down, stops me worrying about the possibility to have a panic attack, and makes me a much calmer person.  Having a pill on me at all times in case the situation arises has given me such confidence that I won&#039;t have an attack now that I rarely get them anymore."
"I have been using Levemir for seven years now and find it to be a very user friendly, but as commented above I have found that a steady increase in dosage is needed to keep the effectiveness of the medicine."
"I am currently on Buspirone 7.5mg twice daily for postpartum anxiety. I&#039;ve only been taking it for about a week and I, and my husband, can already see a dramatic improvement. I&#039;m not too fond of the dizziness that I experience when I take it with no food, but it never lasts too long."
"Used as directed for six months and saw no results whatsoever. Don&#039;t waste your money."
"I&#039;ve been on Saxenda for 10 day, now on 1.2 dose.  No nausea, but a little heartburn and burping and thirsty.  Haven&#039;t lost a pound yet.  I&#039;m going to keep goining.  Insurance does not cover this...."
"I have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia as well as degenerative disc disease/arthritis in my cervical spine. I was given several different meds, eventually ending up with 50mg of tramadol. I recently had spinal fusion in my neck and have been in OxyContin/oxycodone and have had good post op pain relief, but little to no effect on my fibro symptoms. I&#039;ve been asking my doctor for tramadol for several weeks (I&#039;m 9 weeks post op) and he has said I wasn&#039;t ready for that weak a medication yet. Finally today he agreed to take me off of oxycodone and let me get back to tramadol for my main pain, which is fibromyalgia. It does not make me sleepy like oxycodone and it controls the pain in my legs/hips that just doesn&#039;t get relieved from oxy."
"I took 7 temazepam 30 milligrams and I still can&#039;t sleep."
"I am a 37yr woman diagnosed with ADHD. 1st try with Ritalin made me feel overwhelmed, sad, uncontrollable spurts of crying for no reason, tired. Dr. switched me to Straterra. It&#039;s only my fist week, but had to share. Ok, 1st the &quot;bad&quot;: mild headache, SUPER DRY mouth, hot and sweaty, weird tingly sensation that comes in waves. Feels like my hair on my arms and head is crawling and tingly and cool for a few seconds and goes away. Clenching my jaw. No noticable improvement with racing thoughts or concentration as of yet. Now the &quot;good&quot;: This pill should be called &quot;Lady Viagra&quot;, lol! That cool, tingly, hair crawling sensation is AMAZING when being intimate. Everything is more intense and indescribably WONDERFUL...and I have been married 10yrs!"
"Absolutely and utterly, awful. I wouldn&#039;t recommended this to anybody. I had the implant in for 5 days and suffered a very severe panic attack which led me to the hospital, it was very scary. After this I suffered awful, awful physical symptoms such as: weakness in limbs, extreme dizziness (vertigo symptoms) sickness, my whole body even went numb at one point! I&#039;ve been on and off anti depressants which made things worse until I went back to the family planning and asked if it&#039;s this that&#039;s causing it of course &#039;no no!! absolutely not&#039; went to my doctor who told me &#039;you need to have that removed&#039;. A week after having it out and I&#039;m starting to feel myself again, I&#039;m not saying don&#039;t have it but I&#039;m not saying have it either, it&#039;s awful."
"Love it. Dont have any side effects, acne has disappeared. I&#039;m really happy with it."
"Xyrem has changed my life.  For the first time, I can awaken from sleep feeling refreshed.  For the first time, I can achieve a deep sleep.  The quality of sleep that I get while on Xyrem is a miracle.  Before Xyrem, I used to sleep extremely light all night long, while waking dozens of times and tossing and turning.  Between constant REM (dreaming) and spurts of very light sleep, I was so exhausted in the morning and I could barely function during the day.  Also, I had a hard time with falling to sleep at night.  And trying to maintain a set sleep schedule was nearly impossible."
"Since starting this pill, I&#039;ve had a three week cycle, major breakouts, mood swings, and lack of appetite. I&#039;ve only been on it one month, but that was enough."
"After reading all of the reviews, I was very scared about the insertion pain. I have been on skyla for about 2.5 weeks now. The pain was short lived (strong pinch), maybe 20 seconds. After 5-10minutes of being in the room, I left with 3 years of 99.9% effective birth control. Definitely worth it!! Mild cramps after insertion, and regular /light period. Menstrual cramps are new for me now, although I just got my period back after having my 1st kid. I am 20 years old. Also a little moody, but probably due to PMS and cramps!"
"I have had the Mirena for about a month. The insertion was easy and it took my very experienced ob about 5 minutes.  It honestly felt like a pap smear.  I also have 3 kids and a retroverted uterus for what it&#039;s worth. Unfortunately, I have had spotting every day since. I hope it stops soon because I have no other side effects. No weight gain, acne, etc and my sex drive has actually increased (weird right?). So if you are considering having a Mirena inserted my advice is to try it and see how it works with YOUR body. Yes, you can read the horror stories on this site and others. People are much more inclined to share a negative experience than a positive one. Talk to your doctor and look at actual peer reviewed studies."
"I&#039;m gonna share my full story to try to bring relief to anyone freaking out. I am 18 and my boyfriend is 19. We&#039;re clearly not in a place to be parents at all. We had sex with a condom a week ago and as he was pulling out it slipped off spilling who knows how much in me. I immediately took plan b. I got my period a week later and two weeks earlier than it should&#039;ve been. But my period was weird, it started off brown (which it normally is at the end not beginning) and it was very light, me freaking out took to the Internet. I was very nervous that this could be implantation bleeding instead of my period because it met the qualifications of implantation rather than a period. I waited it out and now my period is regular. Hope it helps."
"My son started zanatane 5 months ago after trying EVERYTHING  else. This is the ONLY thing that has cleared his skin (took almost 5 months) His Dr started him off w/ 20 mg twice a day..now he is taking 60 MG twice a day.  To those complaining about side effects...his Dr stated he must take this w/high fat foods...peanuts, peanut butter, bacon, etc.(2 help absorb the med)  His 1st 2 blood tests came back a little high so she did not up his dosage. He ate more fat when taking the pills (few scoops pb)&amp; now on higher dose his counts are good.  Do not listen 2 scary stories about this med.  His Dr said she has been prescribing for 12 yes &amp; NEVER had a bad side effect reported (other than dry skin, lips). Wish he went on this sooner (18 yrsold)"
"Took Milnacipran during the drug study - I felt the best I have ever felt. Cannot wait for it to be in the Pharmacy&#039;s."
"I had Durolax Overnight. The first couple times I I took a Durolax Overnight laxative it worked just fine.  But this time was very scary. I took the normal amount that I usually do 3 at the same time (which is recommended). I got woken out of my sleep at 430am and I felt really odd. I ran to the restroom, and I realized my vision was blurred, I was sweating, my heart was beating fast, scariest part was my hands were locked in a certain position! I couldn&#039;t move them,  and my stomach was turning. I sat on the toilet to go and it wouldn&#039;t come out. Finally after a few minutes it did, and as this was happening I was throwing cold water on my face, I felt I was going to black out. After I finished I threw myself in the shower. Never again."
"I started with the 37 mg dose for mild-moderate depression I had experienced this past year.  I felt calm and peaceful for the first few weeks.  The doctor had me increase the dose to 75mg.  I tried for a month to adjust to it, but all I wanted to do was sleep.  It took away my energy and I fought fatigue.  I reduced back down to 37 mg and felt pretty good for a couple of months, but started to notice trouble responding to people around me.  It felt like being in a daze that took some effort to break.  I also started to feel out of sorts and frenzied.  I decided to stop the medicine a few weeks ago and feel 100% better.  No more confusion or anxiety!  This medicine was definitely not a good match for my body chemistry."
"This medication has allowed me to avoid the ER/hospitalization for several years. Prior to taking it I was in the ER 2 to 3 times a year for uncontrolled tachycardia episodes."
"I didn&#039;t even know I had hypothyroid until my Dr ran tests based on family history.  Once it was brought to light, all the symptoms made sense (I had equated them all to weight gain due to change of lifestyle).  I&#039;m still in the process of finding the right dosage, but even on the first legs of that journey I&#039;ve felt better.   Less lethargic (I&#039;m going to the gym 3 x a week now), less mood swings, a bit better mental clarity, etc.  I haven&#039;t noticed nails getting better, but I&#039;ve always had weak nails.  I have noticed an intense melancholy and inability to focus and stay awake the 1 time I missed a pill.  I&#039;m glad I started this early (29) compared to my poor mom who didn&#039;t learn of her deficiency until her late 40&#039;s."
"Ever since I took this shot I have been having extreme shooting pains up my arm and terrible headaches. I am really scared and have been bleeding for three weeks straight. I would give anything to have never taken this shot right now."
"At the beginning of take this medication I didn&#039;t notice any bad side effects until a few weeks after I began taking it. I would get heavy periods throughout the entire month, bad cramps, weight gain like crazy, and it&#039;s making my hair fall out. Also my mood swings have been all over the place. I would eat like I&#039;m pregnant and be tired all the time. I haven&#039;t had any breast growth or pain, but my acne is horrible. I&#039;m not pregnant so the pill worked there, but I&#039;m going to stop taking it."
"My wife tried to find out from Lourdes Hospital &quot;How much are these injections? &quot; Insurance billing claimed &quot;Oh your Blue Cross covers it!&quot; Had to get 3 injections, once a week for 3 weeks. Injections weren&#039;t painful or helpful. Have patiently waited, for Dr said sometimes it takes awhile. No IMPROVEMENT,  In fact knee is WORSE. But worst pain was the C O S T!!! Could have gotten 1 SYMVASTIN injection, that cost my wife $1,200 instead of 3 injections of the miracle drug SUPRATZ for ,get this .....$6,600 !!! That&#039;s right people $2,200 an injection &amp; my knee is so very very MESSED UP!"
"I&#039;ve started to have trouble sleeping due to hot flashes periodically.  I also have arthritis in my left knee and foot which causes aching.  I have found that when I take 1 Aleve pm, I don&#039;t have to worry about waking up during the night for either of these.  I just need to do some research on repercussions if I continue to take these."
"Awesome post surgery drug. I got to stay away from the morphine and other narcotics. You can only take it for a couple of days, but if you don&#039;t want narcotics and want to keep a clear head ask for Toradol.

"
"I have been taking 20 mg of Viibryrd for 5 months. I titrated up very slowly and found that 30mg cause restless leg so I went back down to 20mg.  The side effects, like day time sleepiness and gastrointestinal annoyances must be worked through.  They pass.  My anxious depression has lifted and I feel better that I have felt in years.  In conjunction with the meds, I have continued to do depth psychology and psycho-spritual work which I think have also contributed to how well I feel.  People notice how bright I appear.  I am doing better than ever at work and still have energy to run my household. Recently, I was even able to return to the gym.  The only side effect I notice is gas and loose stools, a bit of bloat in the gut."
"I&#039;ve been on vyvanse for about a year maybe a year and a half but damn this medication is amazing when you take it normally, I say normally because I usually only take it when I know I gotta focus so like for school, work, a project, etc but when I&#039;m just home I don&#039;t take it. Now vyvanse has helped me so so much its just the getting the medication on time is what I struggle with, because I&#039;ve noticed now that when I&#039;m off vyvanse my ADHD is way worse like the anger and getting distracted part. Yet I don&#039;t like taking pills in general I know they do damage inside but if it works it works you know I&#039;d rather struggle with the medication than have to deal with ADHD alone."
"Has helped me sleep and be in a general calm state every day that I take it, which has helped me tremendously. No hang over or grogginess. Just calm."
"Extreme sickness while taking over 2 months I had no idea it was making me sick. I am diabetic and was also on metoprolol. Shortness of breath, chest pains, extreme nausea, diarrhea, back burning, joint pain ,leg pain and twitching ,organ pain, high wbc count, hypoglycemia, insomnia  and worst of all headaches.  I just found out it was this after they almost sent me for a bone marrow biopsy. I was sure I was having a reaction.  I stopped 3 days so far no problems anymore.  Now just worried about damaged it caused.."
"So, the insertion process for those who haven&rsquo;t went through it was extremely painful for me. I passed out twice but and the pain lasted two weeks but right now it&rsquo;s all good. I do like the freedom it gives me to have sex with my boyfriend without a condom. However recently I haven&rsquo;t been able to lose weight. I go to the gym for about an hour and a half a day and yet the weight is sticking to me like glue. Also I&rsquo;ve gained 4 pounds since I got it (three weeks ago). I don&rsquo;t like the weight gain at all and if it continues I might get it removed. That was a big worry for me when talking to my doctor and even though the IUD is a great form of birth control I&rsquo;m on a weightloss journey and this is causing a lot of issues."
"Just started Epclusa a week ago for genotype 3 Hep C which I was diagnosed with a year ago that&#039;s why I only gave it a 5-rating. It&#039;s been a rough first week with fatigue, headaches and nausea. I&#039;m trying to remain positive after reading all the success stories below. I go for my first blood test in another week and will post follow-up with results. Fingers crossed I&#039;ll be another success story! "
"I went on this BC because I do not get regular periods, usually just random light spotting. I wanted something to regulate it. I started it and 3 days later got the worst period I&#039;ve ever experienced. Lasted 10 days (I stopped the pill after 7 days) with heavy bleeding and severe abdominal cramps, very clotty. Lost my appetite and got acne in places I&#039;ve never had it before, like my back and chest. After that period ended I decided to give it another try. Exact same experience as the first time as well as nausea, vomiting, dizziness, lightheaded and constipation. Stopping it immediately and going back to my doctor."
"Just took my first does of Tysabri on 10-18-2013. Copazone stopped working after 5 years, Rebif did nothing to help. I tested positive for JC in February, then another doctor tested me in August and it was negative. So a third test showed inconclusive in Sept. Since I was on the decline I decided to take the infusion. I am 49 and want to live another 49 years. No real problems but my nerves. Slight itching the next morning and sore stomach. A lot less side effects than Rebif for sure! I worry about PML but I cannot change it. Praying for the best."
"Excellent alternative to oxycodone/hydrocodone based pain killers. Eliminated the pain very effectively once I got home from my ACL/MCL left knee surgery. I used the 75 mg IR version as needed every 4-6 hours but the pain relief routinely lasted the entire 6 hours. I experienced no nausea or stomach discomfort of any kind. Most importantly to me, while I did feel the usual significant euphoria associated with most prescription narcotics, it was not overwhelming and no dizziness or disorientation accompanied it. This gave me the confidence and therefore the ability to drive safely only three days after my surgery while taking the Tapentadol. Just needed it for 7 days and was easily able to switch to only Ibuprofen and start physical therapy."
"EXPENSIVE! Taste is salty grape disgusting even mixed with gatorade. Sucked on ice cubes in between gulps &amp; sips. Works well. Do liquids only for 2 days before &amp; light food the 3rd day before. Cover your bum with petroleum jelly mixed with Vit A&amp;D BEFORE the prep &amp; reapply as needed/use tucks or baby wipes."
"I&#039;ve had it for a year this month and have had quite a bit of sex, and still nothing thank the lord. My periods are usually on for a month, off for two and repeat. My periods are not crazy, no awful pains, no headaches, no weight gain. All these women complaining about this birth control.... Maybe this form just wasn&#039;t meant for their bodies. Its turned out to be a wonder for me. Free at the health department, its worth a shot. I recommend it 100% based off of my experience."
"The very first day I took Pristiq I had severe headaches and I never get headaches. I had diarrhea within the first hour that I took the pill. I couldn&#039;t finish my food because I haven&#039;t been feeling well, and I felt extremely dizzy. I haven&#039;t been taking it very long, but I&#039;ve been sick ever since I started taking the pill."
"I am very happy taking Zanaflex.  I was originally put on it for migraines but after a major car accident they tried to put me on Soma which caused some side effects.  I went back to Zanaflex and have never looked back."
"I am 23 yrs old I have never been on birth control nor have I been pregnant before. I just got my Skyla inserted a week ago on the second day of my cycle. I took the cervix softeners the night before as well as ibuprofen the morning of and it did absolutely nothing. The procedure was quick but it was extremely painful.! I cramped up so bad I had to lay there on the table for about five minutes in tears before I was able to move and then had cramping for several hours following the procedure. At first for two day I could feel my IUD well at least the strings poking/stabbing the inside of my vagina if I walked or sat a certain way. It was extremely uncomfortable but it decreased  early and no complications so far."
"I have been dealing with migraines for 20 years. Tightness in my neck, and head along with sensitivity to light. I always just dealt with them and took excedrin, aleve, Tylenol, motrin, just to name a few, and nothing really worked. I ended up finally going to a neurologist who happened to suffer from the same migraines that I have. He prescribed treximet along with amitriptilyne daily and my life has changed forever since that day. It WORKS! Once I feel a migraine coming on I take it and it is gone in 20 minutes. When I would get migraines before they would last for up to 4 days."
"Bacterial vaginosis the entire entire time.  As soon as I had it removed, I never got bacterial vaginosis again."
"This drug worked like magic for me, going from not being able to dress myself, tie shoelaces or buttons to being totally mobile again within 2 doses! Also worked wonders on psoriasis, all with no outward side-effects for more than a year now! Thank you!"
"I don&#039;t take this medication for weight loss, I take it to stay focused. I have ADHD and had it for years before it was ever defined, or diagnosed. The nuns tested me out of school, I started college early and graduated. What it does for me is level me out, by that I mean, I can do my job, keep order at my desk and function like a &quot;normal&quot; person. It helps with my impulsive tendencies. I feel more controlled and less agitated, it mellows me out. My job as a legal assistant/paralegal is defined by order and ability to concentrate, this drug has been a miracle for someone like me. I have no side effects and never have while taking it, I sleep whenever I want, I feel great, eat normally. Without this drug I don&#039;t know where I&#039;d be."
"Immediately relieved coughing and respiratory problems.  I had a bad flu with severe coughing that lasted for 2 weeks.  Every OTC medicine would not stop my dry cough.  My doctor prescribed Tussicaps and after taking one capsule, the coughing stopped.  I did experience drowsiness, so do not take this medicine if you need to drive or operate heavy machinery.  Dosage is easy since it is just a capsule (no more measuring cups or overdoses) This medicine is fantastic!"
" It got rid of my cough but then made my nose run like crazy. Allergy symptoms while suffering from flu is a terrible combination. I am angry that my husband bought me this stuff instead of what I asked for. It kept me up all night and is making me irritable."
"I have suffered from anxiety since I was in my teens, I&#039;m now in my 40&#039;s and have GAD.  I first started taking this medicine and it gave me really bad diarrhea and I stopped taking it but it was definitely helping with the panic attacks, I didn&#039;t have them at all!  I could feel one like it was about to come on but would go away just as quick.  I stopped taking it because of the diarrhea and tried others like lexapro which didn&#039;t do anything at all for me.  I was on 100mg sertraline and talked to my doctor about lowering my dosage to 25mg to start with so I don&#039;t experience the side effects so much, I&#039;m up to 50mg now and it&#039;s working great."
"awesome been using it for years"
"I was prescribed sitaGLIPtin (Januvia) 50mg tab every morning and had my insulin reduced from 42 units in the morning and 26 units at night to 20 units and 12 units respectively. Metformin was taken out by the renal specialist.

After taking this medication for 2 weeks, I noticed my blood sugar reduced from 9.5 to 5.2 upon fasting. However, I started experiencing tightness of the lower limbs with swelling on the ankles and stomach which felt bloated.

Could this be the side effects of the drugs and should I continue taking them."
"Been using for 10 months and no improvement whatsoever.  Very frustrating.  Terrible packaging.  I accidentally knocked over bottle and lost half of it on my sofa.  Waste of time and money."
"I have general allergies, cats, dust, etc. and have used this drug for 15 years off/ on.  The generic name is Beclomethasone Dipropionate.  I used it as Vancenase, but it disappeared off the market.  (Did the patent expire?)  It&#039;s now OTC from New Zealand as Beconase and generic as Alanase. I find its incredibly cheap price ($10 vs $30 co-pay for Nasonex.  "
"Developed asthma 3 years ago when I was 50. Tried all kinds of controller medications.  Switched to Symbacort after about a year and things have been great ever since.  Yes I have had some minor side effects, occasional agitation and some muscle cramps but I run 5k 3 times a week without any difficulties (well I am 53, so some difficulties).  I am very happy with this medication.  I hope that all asthmatics find their ideal medication.  Difficulties with breathing can be so scary. Work with your doctor, educate yourself on all the different meds available and find the right one for you. You can be happy and live the life you were meant to."
"Why wasn&#039;t I given this medication long ago. Works great for me don&#039;t have one little bit of anxiety anymore except when I forget to take it lol it&#039;s helped me a lot I do more exercise can get out more and enjoy life and I&#039;m not stuck at home anymore being anxious about things hope this helps other people with the same problem."
"I have been taking this medication for almost a week, and I noticed immediately that the hunger decreased. I find myself hardly hungry, and when I do eat, I notice that I am full alot quicker. So full to the point of getting sick with another bite. Lunch time seems the meal where I can eat the most, but still that is hardly anything. "
"I&#039;ve injected three Humira pen needles so far, been on the treatment for six weeks. I&#039;ve had Psoriatic Arthritis for 13 years.

Humira began clearing up the psoriasis on my elbows after the second injection. My scalp is beginning to flake a bit less. My actual arthritis feels about the same so far.

My rheumatologist wants me to stay on Humira at least 6 months to try it on my psoriasis, as long as I don&#039;t have an adverse reaction to it.

It took about six weeks beforehand, after I got the written prescription for my BCBS insurance to approve the twice monthly medicated needles. It&#039;s around $5k per month for the two needles but I pay only $90 month co pay after the coverage. 

I will report back here again if I have further significant recovery, I&#039;m hopeful."
"In a nutshell, even though I did not want this drug to work because I hate taking medicine, it really does help me! I refuse to take benzos. My therapist talked me into trying buspar. It made me really tired at first. But honestly, now that I look back, I think it did that because it seemed to slow my racing mind down. So naturally, once I relaxed a bit more, my body finally could rest. My anxiety is not gone. But when I am in a place where I feel safe, I am able to relax and my mind isn&#039;t so noisy. It is a strange, new feeling."
"I am currently using Compazine to combat nausea resulting from chemotherapy.  It seems to work better for me than Zofran did.  It does cause fatigue but that is a small price to pay for not vomiting."
"Worst medicine I have ever tried.  It gave me the worst migraine I&#039;ve ever had they lasted 13 hours. I had to call out of work and I couldn&#039;t move or get out of bed. No medicines worked and I was vomiting."
"Experienced no side effects and more importantly passed my kidney stone without difficulty."
"I have had migraines since I was twelve
Especially on cloudy rainy days. Imetrex works but makes me so tired. Today I woke with a terrible migraine I got up took a Clonazepam 1mg and it went away I feel great ."
"I took the morning after pill because the day I was having sex was the day I was due for ovulation. Me and my boyfriend had sex however the condom slipped off so to be safe I decided to take the morning after pill roughly 3hrs later . About 3 hours after taking the pill I had clear discharge which I assume was ovulation discharge WHICH FREAKED ME OUT. After that however I didn&#039;t have any other symptoms till a week later . I had nausea , nipple stings/ boob pain &amp; fatigue which was all caused from the pill I then got my period 2 days before my due date! So relived for everyone going through the anxiety just relax and listen to your body!"
"I first took this medicine in high school and was only on it for 2 months because the side effects were so bad.  Now, approx. 4 years later, I&#039;ve now been on it for 4 months.  My side effects are much reduced.  I have experienced dry, peeling lips and dry eyes.  Suspension for 1-2 weeks allowed my lips to heal and I resumed the medication.  This occurred about 3 months in.  After 2 months, after much debate, I did get a tattoo which healed beautifully, quickly, and with no color degradation.  
I highly recommend this medicine only if you have consistently struggled with acne and no other medicine has worked.  Some side effects you just have to tolerate."
"I started taking clonidine December 2015. I had to stop because of the side effects were terrible . I&#039;ve struggled till today which is the 6 May 2016 . The doctor told me to take them again . A smaller dose . I&#039;m 56 and  been on the menopause for a year . I&#039;ve not slept properly in all that time . If they don&#039;t work again . I think I&#039;m going to take hrt. I don&#039;t really want to take it cause I&#039;m scare of the risk with it . Wish every one well who going through the same as me ."
"I had Lyme disease, misdiagnosed and untreated, for 12 years.  By the time the wise doctor sent me out for a blood test, I was basically a vegetable.  I have gone from a high-performing, athletic lifestyle, and having a very sharp wit, to being unable to care for myself, unable to read, to sit up, even to watch a TV show. 

 I have been on IV Rocephin now for 4 1/2 months.  I take 2 g, every 12 hours, four days in a row each week.  In addition, I take IV clindamycin, 900 mg , Six days in a row each month.  I also take ursodiol to prevent gallbladder failure from rocephin. 

 I have gone from completely bedridden, and suffering unendurable agony, to being semi-functional, able to care for myself, and  almost able to Work."
"I am in the same boat as harley7373.  This ointment kept me up most of the night because it was burning my eyelids and it still is and it&#039;s been more than 12 hours since I put it on.  If you have very sensitive skin and always have, this may affect you the same exact way."
"I have been taking this medication for a little over 2 months for scalp psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.  I have been lucky and experienced no adverse side effects except for several  minutes of minor nausea during the  first week or so of beginning it. My scalp cleared almost completely within 2-3 weeks.  The itchiness is gone as well. The swelling in my hands has decreased  about  20 to 25 percent and I am hoping for  more  as I reach the 4 to 5 month mark. I was able to  remove  a ring that I was sure would need to be cut off. I also have had no other side effects that others have reportedsuch as mood changes, headache, diarrhea,  etc. I want others to know about good  experiences so they won&#039;t be scared off. I will report back soon."
"I started Latuda about a month ago so far I feel amazing. My negative thoughts (voices in my head) are not gone but more positive and not so attacking. I havnt had any erges in my body to yell scream or cry for no reason. I havnt yet to pop off quick like I did before I have no feeling to even be upset. I&#039;m Feeling as if iv let go of all the bad energy I had inside me. A lot more tired and restless I&#039;m sure I will get more use to it later but it&#039;s help me not wake up in a panic like I did everyday before. I would truly recommend to anyone who just wants to figure out who they truly are somone who wants consistency with there self If that makes sense? I love the person I am now and I hope to keep feeling this way. Good luck"
"Well my experience isn&#039;t as positive as most.  I&#039;ve been on Axiron for about 4 months, 2 pumps a day.  When I began my total Testosterone was 209.  Today it is 130, so it dropped about 80 points in 4 months while on this.  Early on it did seem to improve things. Application isn&#039;t the best as it tends to run and drip. I also burned quite a bit which I eventually got used to.  I am switching to Androgel which I&#039;ve used in the past, and will hopefully have better results with that one.  Overall Axiron is worth a shot if you have low T because it does seem to help quite a few guys - just not me."
"This stuff absolutely cranks. Wonderful! Take half or less of a 20mg tablet for 10 hours of powerful performance."
"Emergency angioplasty on June 19th - 56 year young woman,  LDL was 150. 6 weeks on Simvastatin 40mg before bed, stopped all butter changed to Smart Balance, 80-100 oz water daily, lost 15 lbs, LDL is 54. WOW. On other medicines, so really can&#039;t tell if any side effects as associated with Simvastatin, but great results."
"When I first started taking birth control, I was started on Aviane and I really loved it.  I lost weight and I went from an A cup bra to a C cup bra in just 2 months. After a year or 2 I go switched to Lessina and I didn&#039;t like it! Got horrible headaches, gained weight, and cramps were horrible. After 2 years of Lessina I begged to be switched back to Aviane, and now only after 2 months of taking it I have lost 11 lbs and the cramps and headaches are gone. I do get tender breast while on my period but I rather have tender breast and moodiness and cramps! Oh and my sex drive is up the roof!"
"Viibryd does a fair job with my depression, which is better described as low frustration tolerance and rage issues.  The side effects I had included horrible nightmares, a very frightening condition known as sleep paralysis and brain zaps, described by many of the users on this site.  I rate it a 2 and am now transitioning to another SSRI"
"After only a few days on Parnate, my mood declined, my sex drive totally disappeared, I lost my appetite completely, and I could only sleep 4-5 hours a night. Then my blood pressure dropped and I wasn&#039;t able to stand much. I had heart palpitations after taking it. My mood was so dark, and my body so weak, that all I did I was lie in bed for 10 days. I already have problems getting out of bed but this made it feel impossible to move. It was absolutely miserable. I had to stop taking Parnate because it made me SO MUCH worse and I couldn&#039;t work, eat, sleep, laugh, nothing. The reviews on here are not a balanced representation of this drug. (I have bipolar 2 depression, social anxiety, GAD, ADHD)"
"This medication is hard to open. Almost impossible. It doesn&#039;t last 12 hours. I am still in pain. I am on low dose and I take twice a day. I have had no relief. Last week went through two injections to my hips and lower back. I have been dealing with my lower back since 06 due to a car accident. I&#039;ve had two back surgeries. I have been on all kinds of pain medication. I don&#039;t know what to do. I don&#039;t like how the medication makes me feel. It&#039;s too expensive even with insurance. There is no way I can afford this medication. Without the coupon I would of paid $120.00. 
I got to my pain doctor on Tuesday. I am hoping that I am taken off this and put on something else. I would not recommend this medication to anyone. 
Not happy at all."
"I have been on 20mgs of Lexapro for about 2 months now. I love it! I went from crying everyday and wanting to kill myself to being a normal person. It also relieved some of my social anxiety. I would definetly recommend it."
"I&#039;ve been taking ambient for 2 years and it stopped working. We tried sonata (no), lunesta which does work some but I need a boost from another drug to get a FULL NIGHTS SLEEP! I&#039;ve been on klonopin forever too. So after trying many of the options, my doc suggested vistaril. At first I couldn&#039;t take it, it made me too tired, but that was just a bought of exhaustion that sometimes happens from the fibromyalgia. I just started taking again and WOW! I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t get rid of them from before! One 25 mg at bed with my klonopin and other meds and less than half hour later, I&#039;m toast. Sleep all night now, yay! Only side effects are dry mouth and occasionally morning hangover, but thats ok"
"Whenever I suffer from common cold/allergic running nose without cough, Polaramine gives me relief within two hours. When it is very urgent, there is appointment with customers/vendors or important meeting, this is the only medicine I take. It requires dose of 2 tablets (2mg) one time only. I did not need second dose any time. I have been using these tablets for more then 10 years. There is no side effect that I faced. I feel little drowsiness, but I can do my normal office work/study without any hassle."
"Took away my desire to over-drink too much coffee. I even gave up smoking."
"Very effective but bad side effects. I&#039;m 17 and I&#039;ve had two doses of it but I won&#039;t be continuing it. I have gained weight that is IMPOSSIBLE to lose, I get head rushes and I feel dizzy almost every time I stand up and lots of cramping. I stopped getting my period but one every month-two months I have a few drops of blood but that&#039;s it. I&#039;m not happy with the shot but it was effective."
"My anxiety is a daily struggle. My heart races, body tremers, I mentally freeze, over any contact with people I don&#039;t  know. Even walking by people set me off. I&#039;m prescribed 20 mg  twice a day. It&#039;s a life saver. No more negative  thoughts, unexplained irritability, etc. I love you propranolol."
"Used for one week in the worst allergy season of my life.
Fantastic product! I can tell exactly when twelve hours are up!
To avoid the after taste I sucked on flavored hard candy."
"58 years old and still having a period with heavy bleeding and clots due to fibroids. FSH and estrogen test results show no sign of menopause happening soon. Starting this medication, 3 days 3 pills each day then, 2 days 2 pills each day , then next 7 days/1 pill per day. Just finished this pill cycle and no bleeding. I have a second prescription but I always want to eat on this medication and fighting not to eat all day is  just wearing me out, along with chest pains and tired. And oh did I mention eating.....gained 5 pounds. Adominal Hysterectomy  in 2 months."
"Love this med. The only issue I have is that I get a hot flash/face flushing feeling 10 minutes after taking it. It stops 10 min later. It is well worth having the migraine gone all day!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4.5 years. Started right before freshman year and I gained 20 lbs within a couple months which left HORRIBLE stretch marks. I lost that after a year and got back to original weight. Good for birth control but i have to switch due to spotting after period and periods becoming heavier... it&#039;s just not strong enough for me anymore. Would recommend but unfortunately I just need something else. It also really helped my acne. Switching to the shot now."
"I am 17 years old. Since I was 10 years old I have had mild acne. I used to cry to my mom before school at least two times a week because of my acne. I would stay home on weekends instead of going out with my friends because I was ashamed of my skin. I tried every pill and cream out there. Literally. Right now I am on my last month of accutane. It is still clearing up a bit but it is almost all the way clear. My skin was very dry in the beginning but then I started taking vitamin E and I got a dehumidifier for next to my bed which both helped a lot. My lips also got very chapped and dry but I put aquaphor on to help it. My mouth was more dry than usual but nothing severe. It changed my life and I&#039;m so happy that I started taking it."
"I am genuinely surprised at how many people have had bad experiences on this drug! It&#039;s interesting since I&#039;ve had an amazing time with symbicort and it&#039;s made my life a lot easier.
I had mostly allergy and exercised enduced asthma and growing up only occasionally needed my blue puffer. It was when I started to get nocturnal asthma and a hard time breathing in the winter that my really frequent use of the rescue inhaler was not a good thing.
Symbicort has made everything a lot easier. I finally sleep the entire night without waking up thinking I&#039;m having an attack. Only downside is when my asthma is very persistent, 1 puff doesn&#039;t last the entire 12 hours for me but I can always up my dosage with my doctor if needed."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for around 7 weeks and so far so good. I have a bit of bloating/gas pain and breast tenderness but other than that I am thrilled. The cost is a bit high as there aren&#039;t any generic versions of this exact pull out there but, to me, it&#039;s been worth the cost."
"Still take metformin but I&#039;ve been on Victoza about 5 weeks and lost 15lbs. My appetite is gone. "
"Very little relief.  I finished PT and after a year it still wasn&#039;t great.  Due to other issues a physician switched me to Diflofenac Sodium (Voltarin?) which has been a wonderful.  It takes away all my joint issues."
"Breast Cancer in 1999 Stage 1 Distant recurrence lung tumor in 2012.  Given Femara (letrozole).  After two months tumor shrunk.  Almost 3 years now on letrozole.  No side effects and no evidence of disease."
"I used the 1 a day miconazole treatment and OMG! MY VAGINA IS ON FIRE! soon after I inserted the capsule I felt very uncomfortable. Like the capsule was stuck in there. Finally I couldn&#039;t take the feeling of it and it started to burn so I tried washing it out with a cold wash cloth. I took out as much of the creamy substance as I could. And now my vagina is red, swollen and I have a ice pack between my legs to relieve the pain. I wish I would have read the reviews before using this. I&#039;ve used the 3 days treatment before nd didn&#039;t have a problem. So I thought the 1 day would treat it faster. Boy was i wrong and completly regret buying this."
"Besides the tingling in the feet and hands or weight loss, I can&#039;t think of any other side effects I&#039;ve had. This was an absolute miracle drug for me for the first two months I was on it before a string of horrible tension headaches started to ruin its effectiveness. My neurologist just increased my dosage. I was taking 100mg once a day. I&#039;m now at 150mg. I&#039;m in a size of jeans I haven&#039;t thought about for almost 20yrs. I did find that drinking more water cuts down on the tingling, too."
"So far I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 2months now with that being said I&#039;m also a &quot;smoker&quot; on the label for its warnings it specifically says do not take if you smoke. I called my doctor and she said it will be fine well now I&#039;ve been bleeding longer then 2weeks now so I&#039;m going to finish out this week and see hope it will get better:) but please do your homework on this medicine but also on any and all kinds."
"Out of all the birth control pills, this one is best!  Gained some weight in the &quot;right&quot; spots :)  Less PMS, if any @ all, lighter periods/flow.  And this pill is safe enough to take for 3 consecutive months, so you can have your period only 4 times a year!!!  That&#039;s so AWESOME!"
"I was prescribed spironolatone 50mg for my acne breakouts around my chin and jaw line some other areas also. I use this in combination with aczone and they are a great team together...Amazing and fast results. I also have very oily skin along with big pores and it has decreased my pores and I have very little oil now. I&#039;m amazed and very happy."
"Severe leg cramps at night......charlie horse.....one 5 mg pill at bedtime as needed REALLY helps. 1/10 the amount of cramps and much milder."
"Always take this pain pills is the ONLY ONE works for me and I visited to many doctors office and change medication but always back to advil because is more safe to take this compare to the doctor prescription."
"Dx with SLE at age 40, after years of searching for a reason why I was feeling so awful.  Treated with plaquenil and Arava  for years, with positive results.  But, recently started to have hearing issues and less relief then in the past with joint pain and stiffness.  So, my rheumatologist offered me Benlysta as an option....had first infusion on 6-22-17.  Felt tired after infusion, went right home had dinner and went to bed for around 8pm.  Woke up in the middle of the night with an awful migraine ( which last 3 days)....also felt just &quot;run down &quot;.  Having 2nd in fusion in another week...hoping for no headache this time."
"All was fine first week, a little nausea. Second week was fine as well but a little redness/itching around injection site. Third week injection site immediately started to turn into a giant hive across my entire abdomen and I broke out in hives in all other areas of my body.  Went to ER and was taken off medication, but it took over a week for the serious reaction to stop.  Developed 1 inch knots at all injection sites which lasted for a couple months. I&#039;ve been off the meds for several months and still break out in hives around my waist and on my bra line. Prior to the first hive outbreak, I had never had allergic reactions to anything."
"There is no weight gain on this, this is not the type of medication that has those side effects. My periods got crazy and irregular, but that isn&#039;t a problem, they warned me in advance they would be like that. I personally loved it, it lasts a long time and you don&#039;t have to do anything to care for it."
"I get better results with Rapaflo than Flomax. I have no ejaculate, which feels weird, but OK.  It&#039;s dropped my BP about 10-15 pts, I&#039;m a bit calmer, and its helped with some mild erectile dysfunction.  So, it&#039;s a winner."
"I found that Xanax is the only thing that can calm my panic disorder. I take 4mg a day and I have not had an attack in about 3 months."
"Nuvigil works so well that I am now able to function in most aspects of my day.  Before Nuvigil, I was hardly able to perform activities of daily living.  Now, I am able to do grocery shopping, run errands, etc.  I am much, much more alert.  I had tried Ritalin before Nuvigil and Ritalin made me a nervous wreck whereas Nuvigil is easy and without the shaking.  The cost of Nuvigil is outrageous.  "
"I&#039;m 18 years old and I started taking Yaz when I was 14 for the use of treating acne. It did not do much for my acne so I began taking Accutane. I stayed on Yaz because you need to be on 2 forms of birth control when taking Accutane. My acne went away, and then I got a boyfriend so I stayed on Yaz. I&#039;ve been using Yaz for over 4 years in all of my teen years and let me just say, this stuff is amazing for preventing pregnancy. The pills are a miracle. I didn&#039;t really gain weight on this product, I developed breasts rapidly! I&#039;ve never taken any other types of birth control, but I give YAZ five stars. Good luck!"
"I&#039;ve had the implant in for 7 months.  It is awful.  My depression/anxiety has been all over the place.  I started spotting after 6 weeks.  I have been spotting/full on bleeding ever since.  I was told that only 10% of users have this problem but the more I talk to the people I know, that&#039;s an extremely low percentage comparatively.  I&#039;m tired ALL THE TIME.  I already have depression and anxiety and this is most certainly not helping.  I have endometriosis so I need to be on birth control but this just isn&#039;t worth it."
"I began to use these medications about a year ago. It worked wonders then and I was extremely happy. I went about 6 months without out it and I began to have my cystic breakouts again but this time they were extremely worst. Felt like grapes in my face. They would burst and leak at any given time. I started back on the gels and now 3 months later I have not seen any results yet. I have noticed that &quot;knot&quot; look red and look bruised. My entire face looks like a scab and is very tight. I can feel it crack at times. It is oily but I still have to use bio oil to keep it from cracking and drying more. Lord I need help. I&#039;m 34 and work for the government so imagine the embarrassment and shame when I walk in to a board room of 50 people or more."
"I&#039;ve been on Topiramate now for 3 yrs after switching from Lamotrogine, on which I had a full-on epileptic seizure. My experience on Topiramate however has been fine. I lost weight like others seem to have, but have since put it back on. I surrendered my driving license for a year after the seizure but have since got that back. I carry out my job with ease as well so really can&#039;t complain there. The only issues I&#039;ve had are the side effects of tingly hands and feet, sudden dizziness, becoming very, very tired all of a sudden - and more recently - losing my train of thought, getting confused easily and being unable to focus. I&#039;ve noticed this mainly happens though when I&#039;m bored and have nothing to do. When I&#039;m busy, all works well."
"Amazing medicine. Helped with my recently diagnosed ADHD-PI (ADD). I am on 27mg and have no known side-effects. It has boosted my grades and my work is done quicker. It is the best thing that has happened to me. I haven&#039;t registered my ADD as a chronic illness, but know I will get it covered fully if I do."
"This medicine saved my sanity. I had crippling anxiety/panic attack disorder that forced me to take a year and a half off of college. I was a complete and total wreck. After a year and a half of rest/therapy I decided I was ready to go back to school, within 3 weeks I was totally crumbling, and was completely overwhelmed (anxiety disorder I had worked so hard to treat was rearing its ugly head). I was scared to try another med because my old one made me gain 55lbs (despite dieting), but at this point I was so desperate. My psychiatrist gave me Pristiq and BAM a week later I was like a different person. No more constant crying and confusion. Now 10 months later I am doing really well in school and have lost 40lbs."
"Followed the instructions. Two (2) of the shots were defective (Out of 6).  One was harmless and did not fire which only cost me $100 for the non performing shot.  The other did nothing until it fired accidentally into my eye.  Seeking regulatory and legal help."
"I have found that MetroGel clears up the pustule like eruptions within 72 hours."
"Amazing medication in its capabilities.  The challenge is staying healthy and avoiding infections, specifically sinus infections for me.  It has been a miracle drug and I hope to continue using it because it&#039;s given me back my life."
"It keeps me from being suicidal. I have to have this. Great medicine."
"Was up 5 times a night coughing. This did the trick. Only take the prescribed dose because it is really strong."
"Risperidone has a noticeable effect on my post traumatic stress disorder and also on my rage. The only real problem I have is weight gain. I read the reviews as soon as I was prescribed the medicine and I thought, &quot;How hard can it be to keep my weight under control?&quot;  Answer...very hard! I&#039;ve gained about 20 pounds. My pants are very uncomfortable trying to stuff all my fat into pants designed for a smaller waist size. Next Drs. visit I will see about other options."
"The side effects were almost unbearable the first month. The second month has been better now that I am used to Coreg. Feeling so much better now. My Left Ventricular Dysfunction has improved."
"I have taken luproid deposit 4months ago. For me its waste of money and time. One good thing is no periods but i still have heavy pain in intercorse.thinking to go for homeopathy"
"I&#039;m almost onto my 3rd week of this medication &amp; so far I&#039;m completely almost satisfied with it. It does leave tonnes of breast soreness I NEVER had before. But it did relieve my cramps and heavy bleeding, which is the reason I started taking it. No weight gain or breast growth though!"
"I have taken Lexapro for 3 years. Crippling episodes of OCD-generated anxiety and depression have been put to rest with Lexapro. I am taking 40mg/day, which is higher than typical 20 mg/day for depression. The OCD itself is essentially gone, and what&#039;s left of it (mixed rituals and obsessions) can be very easily controlled and does not scare me at all.  I have had no episode of major OCD/anxiety/depression for 3 years, which has never happened to before (I am 49). Lexapro, together with behavioral therapy, has saved my life. I am working a great job and enjoy my family life."
"I have taken Contrave for several weeks and while it diminished my appetite, I started to really not like food at all.  Mealtimes became drudgery (and I usually love food) and I had a constant upset stomach.  I felt so miserable, I missed my gym workouts.  I stopped taking it and felt fine within a day.  It&#039;s not for me.  It&#039;s important to feel good."
"Although Roxicet is identical to Percocet and Oxycodone made by other manufacturers, the tablet is not easily split into two along its score line, and, inconveniently, a sharp, heavy knife must be used if only half a dose is required.  Oxycodone marked 512 is easier to use."
"I got Nexplanon 6wks post partum. August 2014. I have loved it! No periods, no weight gain, no mood swings. I am back to my normal pre pregnancy weight. Best thing about it is I am still able to breastfeed! I have had no negative side affects. Definitely getting again if I decide to not have another baby."
"This product needs to come off the market! 
I landed in the hospital for 4 days with severe Acute Pancreatitis, Renal Failure, Liver Hepatitis, Oddi spasm, etc. I am 38 female, I don&#039;t drink or do rec drugs. After taking this, my liver &amp; pancreatitis enzy. where over 10x the norm.
I had L10 stabbing pain, within 20-30 mins of taking Viberzi for the first time. I thought I was dying, I could barely breath &amp; I buckled over in pain.  I took antiacid thinking it might help, but it didn&#039;t &amp; with time the pain transformed to my mid back, my entire GI felt like it was on fire, &amp; if My belly got touched it would bring me to tears, a fever started a few hours later.
I have had a MUCH milder pain belly reaction to Vicodine/Oxi, but never like this"
"This pill seriously makes you psychotic. Within three months I was crying and screaming at everything as little as somebody not picking up their phone. I am not an emotional being at all so this worries me. I would get severe panic attacks and break out in shakes and sweats whenever I started feeling anxious, which was daily. Stay away from this pill, it is probably better to get pregnant than take this."
"I&#039;m writing a second review on Vaniqa.  I started using this in February this year. Twice a day although some days/times I do forget. I just want to say how delighted I am to have found this. It has totally and completely changed my life! I had terrible male pattern hair growth all over my cheeks, chin, upper and lower lip and starting to grow down my neck. I used to pluck for up to 2 hrs a time every 3rd day but was never hair free. I wouldn&#039;t kiss anyone hello or goodbye as even plucked the stubble could be felt under my skin. 3 months on im not scared of being caught in bright sunlight I pluck around once a fortnight and it takes around 10 mins. The hairs that are coming through are soft and downy. My life is transformed."
"Copaxone has been excellent, for me, as far as slow -&gt; minimal progression. I hate injections. However, I much prefer the 20 mg daily injection over the 40 mg 3 x week. I have fewer localized reactions."
"This medication worked wonders for my 17 year old. Caught it within 24 hours. She has PTSD, and is on other medication as well. Never seen aggressive behavior out of her at all. Every medication works differently on people. I paid 60.00 with insurance, but in my opinion it&#039;s better than thousands on an ER Bill, OR hospital stay. My daughter felt better after the 2nd dose. She&#039;s 5&#039;6, and 104 pounds."
"Seems like it makes poison oak itch less, and reduces swelling/redness.  "
"I&#039;ve had the skyla for about a year now and for the most part I love it.. kind of. The insertion was very painful, I left the office right after trying to bare the pain (I usually have a high pain tolerance) but driving home I had to pull over twice and practically curl up in the fetal position for a few minutes before I started driving again. First few months I had bad cramping, spotting, and a regular period for the most part. Since the third month I&#039;ve haven&#039;t had any periods just some discharge.. I went to the doctors they assured the discharge is normal and can change due to the Skyla. Also I get more UTI and yeast infections since insertion (not sure if they&#039;re related).. I really want to take it out but I love having it usually."
"If you are prescribed Bactrim, take a probiotic with each pill and the side effects usually go away. Probiotics are over the counter. Before I could not take Bactrim or Keflex. Now no problem. I am on Bactrim for boils and taking the probiotic. "
"Does not improve my quality of life.  Depression continued and developed major cognitive disfunction.  I could not even communicate what was happening to me or for any wants or needs."
"I have suffered with anxiety and panic attacks since I was 7. I&#039;m currently 33 and just discovered Klonopin. I was on Paxil for 12 years and it was a miracle pill until I built tolerance to it and it stopped working. I&#039;ve recently switched to Zoloft and it&#039;s been a rough road. However my psychiatrist put me on klonopin to help ease the anxiety and it has been amazing. I only need .25 mg 2 to 3 times a day, but it gave me the ability to function. Even with withdrawal from Paxil and start up side effects from Zoloft, I can still keep my head straight. Anxiety and panic are dibilatating and when I weigh my options, I&#039;d pick klonopin everytime."
"I am female, age 58 years.  My bone density for my spine was -3.5 when I started Forteo injections in April 2014.  After 6 months my spine improved to -3.0.  I just completed by 11th month on Forteo and will have another bone density test at 18 months.  I have not experienced any side effects from this medication to date except for some minor back ache the first two weeks of starting the injections, which I am not sure were actually attributed to the medication."
"I used Natazia for 2 years.  I was with my boyfriend when I decided to use it.  He noticed my moods improve and more stable PMS.  Only got period 2 days, when I was used to get it for a week.. really light.  I was less anxious, and didn&#039;t gain much weight.  I actually lost weight on the pill with an exercise schedule.  Breast enlargement was extreme.  I went from a 34C to a 32DD --not right away, but within the 2 years.  The enlargement was unbearable.

I&#039;ve been off of it for a month and I got my period back in 31 days.  Everything went back to the way it was before, weight still staying off so far."
"I have had my Mirena IUD for 2 years now. The insertion was something I was not prepared for. I wish I had been sedated. Heavy cramping and bleeding that entire night and next day. I am a RN so I wish I&#039;d have been forewarned because I had to work the same day I had it inserted. Word of advice take the day off, rent a movie, and vegetate on the couch. I had to have an ultrasound because the strings vanished into thin air. But other then that no issues. I love it. I no longer have the crazy mood swings that I had with the birth control pills. I have no children. No weight gain I can associate from the IUD. I will occasionally have periods of spotting. No side effects. Worth it."
"I just started the Gel, which I choose because it does not cause high blood pressure and I did not want to take any more pills. So far so good. If you follow the directions, and rub the gel in until your skin is dry, there is no sticky residue. I then just put regular cream over the sight. I&#039;m currently having some stomach cramping but I&#039;m not sure if it is because of the medicine.  "
"I have nothing bad to say about this medication. It really worked for my pain. I have lots of culprits causing me excruciating pain to the point where it hurt to move, talk, or cry. I am in constant pain all day and night. At first the 5mgs every 8 hours worked, but as time went on the pain would come back sooner than the 8 hour time limit. Tried to tell my doctor but she always preached how she knew that I was hurting that bad. She kept telling me (she never looked or listened to me) how she couldn&#039;t justify going up on my medication. This drug really helps."
"I am currently half way through my 3rd month.  I was on the NuvaRing which made my skin immaculate, but because it caused low libido I stopped. After 4 months being off of the ring, I started getting acne again. I finally decided to try birth control again to help with my skin issues and my doctor recommended Junel.  My skin has gotten way worse than it ever was.  I am getting acne on my back and neck as well.  "
"I started taking Cialis when I reached 60 last year, when I started to lose my erection too quickly. As I have always enjoyed a good sex life, but suffer from diabetes 2 and high blood pressure, I consulted my doctor who prescribed Cialis 20 mg. The effect was nothing short of miraculous. I take it 40-60 minutes before sex. When stimulated my penis gets as hard as in my 30&#039;s. I last much longer, can repeat as needed, and the effects last for 24 hours so morning sex is back on the menu. My penis is also longer and more importantly has a bigger girth.  Now I am having lots of great sex with both my wife. Highly recommended."
"I am a male, 66 years old. Suffering from IBS/SIBO  for 20 plus years. Check out SIBO on google. Side effects for this medicine give me extreme headaches. I have started using my old standby Peppermint Plus with no LSD affects. I also take peppermint tea with ginger powder."
"This is my Wonder medicine for my 11 yr old Son. He hates taking the Pill&#039;s and they were making him sick so we went to Dr in Aug 2014 &amp; I asked him if we could try the patches he said sure and I Love this Patch. Thank&#039;s for making this. And I did not know about putting the patches in the fridge because I do have a hard time peeling them so I&#039;m going to give that a try."
"About like
Placebo"
"Suffered depression symptoms, as I continued medication depression got worse. Stopped taking it and it took 1 week for depression to diminish."
"I love it honestly it&#039;s just that my skin is really irritated for the first couple of days. No matter where I put it I&#039;m constantly scratching. It really is better than birth control pills because I only have to worry about it once a week. It&#039;s a myth about the whole use a patch on your patch free week if you don&#039;t want to get your period. I still ended up getting my period the next week so it&#039;s not like you won&#039;t get your period at all. I must admit that it did shorten my period and I don&#039;t really get cramps anymore. I still get acne during that time of month but I&#039;ve always been like that so I don&#039;t blame the patch. Overall it&#039;s great I&#039;ve been using it for over a year."
"Was prescribed Gabapentin for Neuropathy from Type 2 diabetes.  Developed swelling of feet and ankles, but did not help the &quot;numbness&quot; of my feet and ankles.  Praying for something that would help with the numbness without the swelling occurring!"
"I have been on this medicine now for 3 weeks. 1.2 dosage.  My blood sugar normalized almost immediately. Highest reading has been 137. Before this medicine I had been on 2 types of insulin for 2 years with very poor results.  Blood glucose readings all over the spectrum. A1C also poor at 8-9.
With Victoza I have lost 5 lbs. At first I was a little nauseous. My appetite has decreased. YEAH! The nausea has gone away now and my readings remain very good.
I had lost hope of ever regulating my glucose but now with the Victoza I have hope again. Thanks Victoza."
"I&#039;m an aging jock.  I have many old injuries, but take Robaxin primarily for spinal pain - (L1-L2-L3) disk problems.   I start dosing 3 days before I am scheduled to do something stupid, dose through the activity, then wind down for a day or two later.  It makes my 60 y.o. body work like a 30 y.o.  Unfortunately, that doesn&#039;t always work out so well, but with an NSAID like Naproxin Sodium, and a muscle relaxant like methocarb, I can stay immature for many more years.  I find my only side effects come from playing too hard.  I have experienced no other ones."
"This drug was prescribed by a Dr to me to help me with weight loss.  Following the instructions to take the medication was to say the least was a problem. I had to get one of those pill boxes to make sure I did it exactly right.  About the third week I was not feeling very well and I had not lost any weight to speak of.  However I was feeling agitated and sleepy during the day do to anxiety when I would try to sleep. My Dr. didn&#039;t help me with this medicine and never talked to about side affects. I asked for some help with my weight during a yearly check up and she gave me this prescription and said to come back in 3 months. this medicine cost is very high. I came off of the medicine the same way I started taking it lowering my dose slowly."
"Quit in a month, side effects include strange dream every night and massive headache. Cut down to 1 pill a day due to massive headache after 3 week. Stop taking the pill, and stop smoking on the same day."
"Years ago, I took Zoloft while going through chemo, and it helped me cope better. I wasn&#039;t crying as much. But, now you can only get generic, so I tired Sertraline for depression and panic attacks. It wiped me out. I could not keep my head up unless I had slept about 12 hrs each night.

When I tapered off, I began to experience some cognitive issues. My typing speed dropped, and my error rate went up. I&#039;d type things (words &amp; phrases) I didn&#039;t intend to, and not type things I intended to. A neurologist said the med was likely helping my serotonin levels, but, when I tapered off, my brain was having issues. Varied doses didn&#039;t help either problem, so I tapered off. Tiredness stopped quickly. Typing issue slowly improved over 2-2.5 months."
"This was not painful to me and was told to be one of the best birth controls with very little hormones. I think the only reason it hurt is because I was thinking about it too much but honestly not hard at all. My doctor did a good job inserting it I&#039;m 2 months post partum 
C section baby . It was scary but honestly didn&#039;t hurt. No cramps no blood just easy 3 year birth control method"
"I was 24 when I was prescribed Wellbutrin supposedly to stop smoking. All I wanted to do was sleep and when I couldn&#039;t just sleep I was very moody, more so than if I would have just quit without the drug. "
"I bought Tiger balm over the counter to help ease my shoulder and neck pain and possibly to try on my back as I get stiff and feel constant pain due to a previous back injury. I use this ontop of strong medication (after consulting the gp)  to help my muscle pain. It leaves a cold tingly feeling if you use it on a large area but it doesn&#039;t last long, helped the flexibility in my back and eased off the muscle pain in my neck and shoulders. It lasts for a few hours and doesn&#039;t smell too bad. I have the red ointment one with cinnamon in and its not an unpleasant smell. The balm does stick to your fingers a bit and takes a bit of scrubbing to get off. But overall a very good option for topical pain/joint medication. Would recommend trying!"
"It&#039;s effective but it has side effects 1-It makes your face red 2- It makes wrinkles (benzoyl peroxide 5mg) but its better than have acne scars."
"Had abnormal bleeding after getting double dose that was a month before next dose"
"As a birth control, Mirena works.  But I had the most horrible and excruciatingly painful experience when my doctor inserted it. I was 40 years old at the time, have had no children. I learned after my doctor inserted it that it was less painful for women who have had children.  Had I know this prior, I would never have done it. Just be aware when you go in to get it inserted."
"I&#039;m 30 years old weight 210lb and started using Contrave 8/8/2017. I haven&#039;t had to deal with all the negative side effects that come with this drug thankfully. I&#039;m wanting to lose 60 pounds by May 2018. Don&#039;t know if I have lost any yet told myself I wouldn&#039;t weigh in till my doctor appointment on 09/05/2017. I do feel that it&#039;s working I don&#039;t feel like I have to eat all the time which I like because that is why I started taking contrave. All in all I&#039;m liking contrave -  it&#039;s doing what I wanted it to do. Will update after doctor appointment. Good luck to the rest of you on your weight loss journey."
"Started with 48mg a day the fever start dropping down but still had chills after a week the pain was gone but I started being deaf on one ear, depressed, had tremors inside of me, sleepless nights, salty metallic taste in my mouth so I had to reduce the dose to 10-15mg a day for 2.5 month, the pain is back, the neck is stiff it seams like someone twisting my arms and shoulders ,have my legs swollen from night to morning,t errible stomach pain. I need to get off it. The only drug that might help is actemra, now waiting for insurance approval if don&#039;t get it will go on cannabis hopefully the law will get through by the end of Jan 2017 in NY. Suffer from terrible pain in my neck and both shoulders"
"My last hope! Catastrophic!! So much acne and blackheads (which I never had) after 4 weeks with soolantra. Worst worst experience ever. So, so sad!"
"My 25 year old son was prescribed this medication for his aggressive behavior and inablity to concentrate. As a child he was diagnosed with ADHD with aggressive behavior. His behavior only worsened as he got older and was not on any medication. He was unable to keep a job and was always in trouble with the police for fighting and just unable make good decisions. After starting Abilify he has had a steady job for 6 months and his agressive behavior is gone. I have my son back."
"I rated this Trinessa Low with five stars because this is my first month on the medication.  When taking the pill I did not experience any mood swings, dizziness, or sickness. I felt great...the ok only problem was that my face broke out like a pizza! I was on the shot 6 months prior to the pill and had very minimal acne. I&#039;m hoping that if I stick with it, the acne will subside and I will be happy with the overall results!"
"I&#039;m  on Day 11 of 84 (3 month treatment)...I take Harvoni at 6pm religiously and find that I sleep through most of the symptoms. First 3 days were hard...nausea , restless legs, fatigue, weakness and headaches...couldn&#039;t finish any gym sessions. But Day 4-6 were &quot;miracle days&quot;...I think my viral load dropped dramatically (Will find out Viral Load in week 4 and week 12 and at 6 months). Zero Viral Load means the Hep C is Non-Active...which is as much as being cured as we can get. 
I have heard that a lot of patients are non-active in week 12 but are relapsing 6+months after treatment. To prevent a relapse...I&#039;m taking Spirulina, Vitamin C &amp; B Complex, Banana and handful of nuts and seeds every day. http://www.realnatural.org/chlorella-found-to-improve-hepatitis-c-infections/"
"I was in therapy for two years for anxiety,my anxiety got so bad I couldn&#039;t drive hated traffic,basically didn&#039;t want to leave the house only for business,I was so scared to take medicine so I decided to go get on meds I had the bottle for two days before I took it finally last night I took it guess what I&#039;m fine no side effect .nothing!I worried for nothing so don&#039;t listen to all the negative stories try for yourself I&#039;m very new on it but I had to write this review for someone who may be as scared as I was .I was scared I even was going to go the emergency room and take it and I wasn&#039;t going to sign in I just thought I would feel safer if I sat there  to take it haha Im on zoloft 25 mg if your wondering  and I&#039;m so glad I gave  it a try!"
"Day two and I&#039;m feeling a little weird but better than yesterday. I&#039;m on 50 mg to start. I&#039;ve been on Zoloft before and don&#039;t remember feeling like this. Last time I felt better almost instantly. I been off it for about 6 years. I&#039;ll stick with it this time because I know it does work."
"My son has been on since 3 he is 12 &amp; this shortage sucks"
"I&#039;ve been on Mononessa for about 5 years now. I started the pill because of irregular periods and extra protection against pregnancy. The first two to three months my body was adjusting to the change which caused nausea and mood swings but afterwards I was back to normal. My appetite has gone up, my sex drive has gone down just a bit but not to the point where I was worried about it. I have clear skin and my periods are shorter and lighter. By far the best pill I have been."
"The worst experience of my life I was crying liters. This thing has me on fire burning itching. This is a piece of garbage beware of this horrific product."
"I&#039;ve been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder with a secondary diagnosis of Depression for almost 2 years. I used to be on 200mg of Wellbutrin, but recently, was switched to 300mg of the extended release due to a relapse in anxiety/depressive symptoms. I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;ve had more energy since switching and my mood has been elevated. HOWEVER, be extremely careful with alcohol consumption!!!! My tolerance lowered and 8 hours after I stopped drinking, I ended up in the hospital for uncontrollable vomiting. Depressive symptoms and stomach issues persisted for 4 days after being hospitalized. For me, not drinking isn&#039;t a big deal since I don&#039;t really drink much to begin with, but if you&#039;re a huge social drinker, be careful!"
"Cataflam has helped but I have to take at least 4 - 6 a day to be able to survive the pain of my period. But once it starts working I feel so much better I have tried so much but only this works for me."
"Background: 18 year old, 5&quot;4, 115 pounds and works out regularly. Overall I think it is good. I&#039;ve always had clear skin so acne wasn&#039;t a problem at all. PROS: super light periods that only last about 5 days (sometimes so light I can&#039;t even put a tampon in), no weight gain, no acne, no pregnancies lol. CONS: discharge (fair-quite significant amount), back aches and sometimes I get moderate-severe headaches. Overall I would recommend this form of BC. One thing I did notice: I don&#039;t get my period until 4 days after I finish the birth control packs, is that normal? Considering some people get it at the same time every month and/or the day after they finish the pills."
"I had the Liletta IUD inserted on April 22nd 2017. I am 19 and did it mostly to not have to worry about taking a pill everyday. Insertion was extremely painful. Like a mix between losing your virginity plus the worst cramps you could imagine. Cramps were horrible after insertion. (DON&#039;T GO BY YOURSELF TO PUT THIS ON). I almost fainted on my way back. I was dizzy, weak and in a lot of pain. Really painful cramps lasted 2 days after insertion  and then milder ones on and off for the first week, especially when I worked out. It&#039;s been about 3 weeks now and I have been spotting every single day which is really annoying, but I am a lot less worried about pregnancy and pretty much everything about my life is normal."
"It started to work during the two weeks I was one it. I was still going to the bathroom but it wasn&#039;t that awful urgent you better go now or have an accident. That two weeks was much better. However, once it was over I have been worse than I was even before the medicine. Now I have severe stomach pain, foul smelling gas and stool, I&#039;m very bloated and when I get the feeling I need a bathroom I need to find one fact because it WILL come out no matter if I&#039;m in the bathroom or not. I really had very high hopes that this would be just what I needed to help. I&#039;ve had IBS-D all my life but it was diagnosed years ago when I was 16."
"I started Tirosint after Levoxyl was taken from the market. It is the best. I take this in combination with Liothyronine. Aside from insomnia, which I have experienced with every other medicine as well, and I&#039;ve taken them all, this is the best I&#039;ve felt in years. "
"I have been on Latuda for about 3 years! I was struggling so much with other meds, I was either too tired, wired or depressed! Once I started taking Latuda I was feeling like a new person. I wasn&#039;t nervous or scared anymore it saved my life."
"I would rate this a 0 if it was an option. Biggest waste of money. It says 60 doses, but yet you have to spray it twice before every use to have a steady mist. That being said, you only get about 30 doses if your lucky. I have always used a afrin and I will continue to use it."
"I had the skyla inserted on 6/25/15. I was given a medicine to ripen my cervix, but since I have never had children, it really didn&#039;t help. The procedure took about 5 minutes because the doctor had trouble inserting it due to my cervix being curved. It was was high intensity pain while it was being inserted. Afterwards it was just regular menstrual cramping. I did take about 800mg of ibuprofen beforehand. The cramping subsided after about 3 hours after the procedure. No cramping or bleeding after that evening.  
I had previously been on depo shot for about 16 years."
"I&#039;ve been on Gilenya (Fingolimod) for 3 years through the clinical trial.  I could not tolerate the other medicines and have seen so much improvement with Gilenya.  If it came only in shot form I would still take it.  Being a pill is a plus, but the effectiveness and minimal side effects is what I&#039;ve been impressed with.  "
"Helpful for preventing Migraine headaches. I am on Amitriptyline 20mg, 3 hours before sleep every night. It helps me to sleep well and also prevent headaches."
"I had a car accident 2013 Nov ..,concossion, ptsd , etc . and finally the best treatment is zolof I feel better, ,,no panic attacks anymore and nausea almost gone, ,and frustration almost gone"
"I have been on Nuvaring for approx. 14 months, and have loved it. I am 23, no kids, and this is my first time using hormonal birth control. I was nervous at first about the hormonal side effects and scary articles online about the Nuva, but decided for it because of the convenience! Before taking birth control, I had regular periods and am not sensitive to medications.

Neither me or my partner can feel it during sex. Occasionally, it will slip down and I&#039;ll push it back up, but not too often. I brought it with me travelling. I don&#039;t believe I have had any side effects except perhaps slight dryness - but nothing abnormal or distressing. I use a divacup for my (now, very light and short) periods and have no issues with the ring). Recommend!"
"I have had rheumatoid arthritis now for about 4 years, mainly in my neck and shoulders. I&#039;m a school teacher and it would be excruciating to raise my arms to write on the board. I&#039;m also a musician with allergies. A year ago last spring I decided to get an allergy shot to reduce my allergy symptoms before a performance and was astonished to experience that my rheumatoid arthritis pain literally left my body. I didn&#039;t attribute the regression to the Kenalog but while talking to my doctor she made the relationship.  The Kenalog shot for allergies was suppose to be good for a year. A year later my arthritis started to seep back into my neck and shoulders.  I went back to the same allergy doctor and got exactly the same shot and my rheumatoid arthritis symptoms left again. My life has changed tremendously."
"Simcor 1000-20 is what I take one time a day at bed time. I have experienced side effects but the good out weighs the bad. Make sure you don&#039;t have spicy foods or peppers that are HOT. This will cause flushing. Also make sure you read all about the side effects like you can&#039;t have eat certain foods."
"I have depression and high anxiety, I have had these most of my life but refused treatment. Now having a son of my own I have realized I need to be better for him. I have only been on it a week and have noticed a lot of improvements! 
I no longer feel upset about my life,I can talk to my child like he should be talked to and not because im stressed and anxious  all the time. I have had a few side affects  so far.
Weird dreams, headaches, muscle spasms, dry mouth, and tiredness. but to feel &quot;normal&quot; is worth it. I final feel like im going to be ok."
"I started Jolessa for severe PMS symptoms that border PMDD. I was extremely irratable and was depressed and anxious. My doctor recommended Jolessa to help with the mood swings i had during my period and I have had almost no issues since. Its not a cure all, but it has been extremely helpful. I havent had any weight issues and the spotting hasnt bothered me, its barely noticable."
"I have been on this medication for 9 years straight. I was prescribed it when I was 18 and had been having awful cramps and nausea during my period, as well as it being irregular. Since I started this birth control I have only had minimal cramping and have never been sick from my period again. I did not feel any different when I started it and I have never experienced a negative side effect. I have nothing bad to say about this medication; all I have gotten from it is regulated, shorter and lighter periods, pregnancy prevention and bigger boobs. All great things in my opinion"
"I suffered for 39 years of chronic anxiety. I&#039;ve taken many meds (SSRIs, benzos) CBT, meditation, etc.  They helped to certain extend but the crippling anxiety was always there, waiting for me every morning. Anxiety affected everything in my life, the job I did, the women I dated, the manner I interacted with others and many other aspects of my life. Then I tried Lamotrigine and once I reached 100 mg I felt normal for first time in my life. This is a miracle drug. I&#039;m currently taking 300 mg.I had a had a rash when I was in 100 mg. Many people overreact and stop taking it thinking there skin is going to fell off. I just went back to 75 mg for few more weeks and slowly increased the dose without any issues. 99.9 of the rash is innocuous"
"Drysol actually works!!! Please give it a try before considering any surgical operations or botox injections. I&#039;ve been dealing with excessive sweating for about 2 years and finally decided to do something about it. And by excessive I mean sweat running like faucets, my underarm sweat would run right through my shirt and big sweaters and I&#039;d have to change my shirt 4-5 times a day. I&#039;ve used other antiperspirants prior to this one such as certaindri but they had very little impact on this problem of mine. Yesterday was the first day I used Drysol and I did not sweat at all. I&#039;m so happy I can finally wear t-shirts again and not have to worry about my sweat stains. I did experience some itchiness yesterday but not as much today."
"My son(11) was put on 10mg of Focalin for ADHD.  We have been trying different meds to treat his ADHD without making his anxiety/trichotillomania worse.  This med by far was the worse!  It did seem to help at school for focus, but he had extreme rage issues.  It got so bad that we called the police to find out what our options were if he were to actually hurt us or his little sister.  He never hurt us, but did break a window, the screen door, and throw objects.  Needless to say, we stopped the meds and thankfully we have our sweet son back (although he can&#039;t focus and is annoying to other kids in his class).  Please beware of mood changes with this drug."
"It has almost been two weeks since I started taking this. It was a rough first three days but after I hung in there, I started to notice some changes.  Today is day 12 and I came to work.  My boss gave me chocolate, and there were homemade treats in the break room.  Not only did I not taste them or eat them, I didn&#039;t even want to.  That has never happened.  I hope this trend continues but only time will tell."
"I was a long term opiate addiction, and even with this had horrible insomnia so would buy black market temazepam.  I am 3 months clean but still have crippling anxiety and insomnia.  This drug works wonders. Keeps my anxiety at bay and last night I slept for 9hours!!! Just scared they will try and change me to something else again.  Works wonders"
"This medicine is great. I have been taking Pain Medicines for 20  years and this is the best so far. I take 3 x 60mg in the morning and 3 x 60 mg in the evening and haven&#039;t been in pain for the last 2 years."
"It is prescribed to my father-in-law because he lost his legs in a fire. He has phantom pain and he was given Neurontin.  It doesn&#039;t really help his pain."
"I&#039;ve had two shots already, and so far it&#039;s been almost perfect. I actually switched to this because I&#039;m slightly underweight and I&#039;ve heard many stories about women gaining weight on the shot, so I switched in hopes that I would. So far I haven&#039;t noticed any significant weight gain, the only side effects I&#039;ve had are headaches for about the first week after getting the shot and I started getting acne on my face. I&#039;ve never had acne, so this was kind of disappointing for me. It&#039;s nice not having to remember to take a pill every day and my periods are already almost non-existent. Plus my insurance covers this so the prescription is free and there&#039;s no fee when I go to get the shot!"
"I LOVE Cymbalta. I&#039;m taking it for anxiety, depression and fibromyalgia pain. It is the best medication I have taken for depression. I have tried numerous other depression and anxiety medications and nothing makes me feel as good as Cymbalta. Do not miss a dose though the withdrawal symptoms are terrible!"
"My experience on Cymbalta has been rather a positive one.  As mentioned by others, in the first 2 weeks it does have side effects, I felt tired and was a little nauseous.  I was put on Cymbalta as the entire country that I live in ran out of my previous medicine.  I have suffered from anxiety, OCD and depression on and off for a few years.  Since the Cymbalta has &#039;kicked in&#039;&#039;, I have hardly any anxiety and no depression.  I think clearly and rationally and not as emotionally as I always used to.  I still do not have an appetite and I have been on this for over a month now and when I sleep, I sleep soundly and am able to fall into a deep sleep as well.  I highly recommend Cymbalta and am very happy with the positive effects it has had on me."
"I am losing quite a bit of weight 65 pounds, but I do not want to lose my hair in the process of it. It is really falling out and I don&#039;t know what to do. I went to a dermatologist and after a few treatments and a biopsy she told me there was nothing she could do."
"I had been on and off this drug for years and it significantly improved my depression and anxiety. It also helped me sleep (I took it at night because it made me nauseous). Unfortunately, it also contributed to weight gain, so I switched to Prozac and it made a big difference. On Zoloft now because Prozac gave me fog and I think it&#039;s my happy medium for now."
"I am so grateful for tamiflu right now. I haven&#039;t been nauseous with the flu, but tamiflu (along with duraflu) has cut my symptoms by 80% in one day! The only side effect I have had from this medicine might be slight diarrhea, but nothing too bad! Definitely recommend! But Its very expensive without insurance ($160)."
"It was terrible! The beginning was fine I was having sex and wasn&#039;t pregnant so I was fine then 3 weeks into using the depo I was bleeding everyday !! Not even exaggerating it was so unpredictable I had maybe one day without bleeding a month and it wasn&#039;t a full day it was a half day! I was bleeding for 5 months and went to the doctors and they said I was anemic and gave me a hormone medicine to stop the bleeding I was still bleeding. Maybe around the 6 or 7 month I stopped and just gained a massive amount of weight I was 170 and went all the way to 250 while I was playing sports and working out. I finally got off and they told me it could be in my system for up to a year while I&#039;m still trying to lose weight. I DON&#039;T RECOMMEND"
"Terrible experience. Had sore nipples, tightness in chest; abnormal bleeding as well as loss of sex drive. Was on this  for almost 6 months and side effects did NOT subside"
"I just started my second pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and so far I like it. I haven&#039;t had any noticeable weight gain or acne. The first month of pills I did not get a period but I have had minor cramps around period time. No spotting either. I would prefer to have a period since I do worry about being pregnant but I think this pill is much better to my body than my previous birth controls. I will continue this pill. Initially I was worried about its effectiveness since its such a low dose but I&#039;m glad my body can handle it better. 
Also, I took this birth control for a month before taking Beyaz. I didn&#039;t have a period that month but got regular periods on Beyaz. I have heard that not having a period is very common so I don&#039;t think I need to worry about it."
"I started Chateal four months ago. Bad  idea, I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds, something extremely unusual for me cause I had the same weight since I was 15 and I&#039;ve been having acne episodes which is even more rare cause I never had it before either. No severe mood changes but I&#039;ve been very tired and sleepy too. 
Conclusion: This pill sucks I can&#039;t wait to change it."
"I started Norco 7.5 3 months ago for neck, arm, back and leg pain. I thought this was a low dose since I have tried much stronger medicines in the past i.e. Oxycontin, Roxicet and fentanyl..bad side effects.  Norco so far has sufficiently controlled my pain. Dose may have to be increased in future but now ok."
"Caused persistent coughing"
"I took this exactly how the instructions show. I started at 4pm as told and still wasn&#039;t done with the process 6+ hours later! I will never use this product again! It is not worth it. It was so hard to get down and keep down as well. Very unsatisfied with this product!"
"I got nexplanon in August 2013, the procedure was not to bad it just felt like a bee sting. At first the bruise lasts awhile and I had spotting for 8 months after insertion which was fine except it made sex a lot messier. During this last 2.5 years I have been bloated had nausea and horrible IBS symptoms which I believe to be associated from the birth control. I had diarrhea almost everyday and I&#039;ve had to call in to work sick because of diarrhea up to 15 times a day. I&#039;m not sure why I&#039;m getting horrible bloating weight gain or diarrhea. But aside from this my periods have stopped and it has been wonderful not bleeding but the diarrhea has made it almost worse than having a regular period. I would have kept this in if not for the diarrhea/weigh"
"I started 10mg of  brintellix over a month ago for depression.  no side effects or any issues,i feel great!"
"Had dark lines in my forehead from the clippers burning my skin. On my 8th day and the cuts have vanished about 70%. I used all types of creams and nothing worked. Triluma is the best. I would recommend this to anyone with dark spots. "
"Been taking Contrave for 3 weeks. Excellent experience so far. Down about 12 lbs in 5 weeks with the last 3 of those weeks on Contrave. Was very drowsy the first day, other than that the only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is mild constipation. I take one pill in the morning and one at night, I will stay at the lower dose for as long as it works for me. It took about 2 weeks for me to really notice the effect, but now I am never famished, rarely hungry between meals, no longer obsess about food, get full quicker and find it easy to turn down my normal trigger foods and to stop eating while there is still food on my plate. I should point out that I am very motivated to lose weight which is probably contributing to my success so far."
"I&#039;m not good with any Atypical-Anti-psychotics. After the third day I swelled up 7 pounds, my face, hands, calves and feet were swollen. I was VERY asthmatic. I&#039;m Schizo-affective Depressive Type. Mentally, for three days on 5mg morning and evening I didn&#039;t feel half bad. But I got a little strange mentally that I cannot quiet describe. Almost as if it made me somewhat loopy. It never made my tongue/mouth numb, had a bad taste for about 5 minutes. I don&#039;t know quiet what happened but it was lousy waiting out the Half-Life to the drug. I don&#039;t know if it interacted with one of my other medications."
"The taste was ghastly for me--so salty, bubbly, and fake limish but not in a good way.  But it was effective.  One bottle at 5 p.m. and one at 8 p.m. with lots of water after each.  I wasn&#039;t expecting to have to go all night so that was jarring.  Followed all of the doctor&#039;s instructions to a t because who wants to go through this again anytime soon.  Ten years ago the prep lasted longer so I thought starting the prep at 5 was an improvement, but anyone who can figure out how to deliver this efficient of a bowel prep with a pill and avoid having to down nasty tasting stuff like this should earn the appreciation of all of us and the Nobel prize in medecine.  The prep is the worst part of a colonscopy--ask anyone.  But they can save lives."
"I just had my Mirena placed today. There was some strong cramping during placement, and that was it! I feel nothing right now. So far I think its great. I read alot of horror stories, and I assume its because only the people that have a problem with it want to post anything...I never had issues with my period in the past, or Birth Control Pills, and I have always been healthy, and do not have children. I think its great...and so far its totally worth it!"
"I am a 29 year old female that started to get acne about 8 months ago. After trying several different medications including antibiotics and getting no results. My doctor discussed Claravis (Isotretinoin). I was a little scared at first after reading about the side effects and the length of time you have to take the medication. But after no results using anything else and my acne getting worse, I started Claravis on May 9, 2009, 40mg once a day for 5 months. After only two weeks, I have already noticed a difference in my acne and have not had any breakouts since starting it. I had very oily skin before and now I am dealing with a little dryness around my forehead and eyebrows and yes very chapped lips. Overall, good results."
"Can someone help me?  I have been using Efudex once a day for 5 weeks and nothing is happening.  Wondering if I should try using it twice a day or wait untill I see my doctor?"
"It help with the palpitations cause by anxiety but the side effects are horrible .they includes being dizzy,upset stomach,tired and pain. Really trying to get off soon."
"I took this for about four months and I loved it! I did not gain any weight at all. I missed maybe twice and did not get sick when I took 2 the next day. I did break out with acne at first and it wasn&#039;t the best while I took it but it wasn&#039;t bad. I only felt sick the first week I started and never to my knowledge had any abnormal mood swings. The first couple of months I did spot some throughout the month but I figured my body it just getting used to it. I had to stop taking it because it was $75 with insurance a month."
"I have trouble falling asleep, and staying asleep. I have tried lunesta in the past and it didn&#039;t work. It put a terrible taste in my mouth for days. I have been on silenor for 3 nights now, and it isn&#039;t working for me. I took 6 mg at 9 pm, and was still awake at 3 am this morning, hadn&#039;t slept at all. It has been this way for all 3 nights. I have again developed a terrible taste in my mouth, so bad that I am going off this pill."
"I had a major trauma happen in my life about 11 yrs ago. Although I have been depressed for most of my life I went to the doctor for extra help during this stressful time. My doctor prescribed Effexor XR and I was on 75 milligrams per day and then within the last 4 years to 150 milligrams. I truly do not know what I would do without this medicine. It really has improved my life, my mood and lessens the depression. I too once tried to wean off on my own and it was very emotional time. I will never do that again without my Drs knowledge and help. Effexor xr has changed my life and improved it greatly. I say try it and if it doesn&#039;t work for you, continue to consult with your Dr to find a medicine that helps your depression. Best wishes."
"I&#039;ve been battling Depression for 5 years. It got really bad right after I gave birth to my son who is now turning 5. I would cry for no reason and get really upset over the little things. My depression got really bad last year and it affected my relationship. My confidence got really low and I would constantly put myself down. I had several bad Panic Attacks while at a restaurant which caused us to immediately leave.  I have a great support system with my boyfriend and started Lexapro two months ago.  I feel so Great about Everything! I&#039;m currently taking 10 mg and I finally feel a better me and truly seeing life.  Thanks Lexapro!"
"I was diagnosed with H Pylori and I was throwing up and nauseated every day for an entire month finally I was hospitalized and they gave me phenergran and God Bless the person who created this drug. Even now when I feel the slightest bit of nausea I take it and it&#039;ll knock me out and wake up feeling great"
"I&#039;ve been using it for 4 days and hasn&#039;t made the sores any better only worse . Waste of my hard earned money ."
"Redness, blured vision, pain in and around affected eye, feeling of something in my eye,  Have been on 
Restasis for 2 weeks but felt the side effects right away."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for almost 3 months now.  The first month was bad with pain and cramping, constipation, and diarrhea alternating, and constant nausea and fatigue.  The second month my period barely showed up but I was stuck with all the cramping and spotting randomly.  My sleeping has gotten much worse.  I&#039;ve been on ambien and lunesta and doxepin, nothing really keeps me asleep.  I find that when anything goes wrong I slip into a prolonged depressive state that includes me being on the verge of tears all day every day.  The cystic acne comes at all times of the month.   I&#039;m getting this thing taken out.  Not worth it."
"The only side effects I get are stuffy nose and headaches. Stuffy noses are supposedly an unusual side effect, but I get one every time I take cabergoline."
"First time user...Never again!!! Never. 

My yeast infection was very minimal. First night it burned like crazy, and itched to the point wear I had to soak in a bath tub to keep from clawing my  vagina off. Second night I had such bad cramps that I just stopped. Third day my discharge has increased. I made an appointment with the Gyno, &amp; was cured with one pill."
"So I have had eczema hayfever and IBS. It&#039;s 2 days since I started this med and all of my systoms are 80 percent disappeared."
"Hello again everyone! I have been on Paxil now for 9 weeks and it has still been a very beneficial addition to my life. I&#039;ve started to feel like the real me now. I don&#039;t feel subdued or Zombied out like some people report. I started on 10mg then my Dr. moved me to 20mg about 2 weeks ago. The only main side effect I&#039;ve had in transitioning to the higher dosage was severe mania for the first couple of days. It wore off significantly as the days passed. As for the weight gain that &quot;Paxil causes&quot;, I think it&#039;s just that I&#039;m not so anxious to the point of nausea and disgust in food. I love eating and enjoy my food again! My biggest positive in Paxil is that my generalized anxiety is SEVERELY reduced. Panic attacks are down 85% and I feel great!"
"Controls pain in my hand, arm, shoulder and legs, due to stroke. Pain has definitely decreased."
"I&#039;ve had horrible insomnia since I was a child. Diagnosed with severe sleep apnea a few years ago.  Ambien is not the holy grail.  You build up a tolerance over the years but 12.5 is as high as most doctors will go ) from 10, 8 years ago).  Pluses for Ambien - it will put you to sleep; no half-life so no grogginess in the morning.  Minuses- it will put you to sleep but generally not keep you asleep.  Thus the waking up wide awake at 3 a.m.  There is now intermezzo - and sublingual 3.5 dose of Ambien meant for  this problem - works for me 50% of the time- otherwise I just stay up.  Another minus - if you take Ambien on a full stomach IT WILL NOT WORK. I generally eat before 5 and allow 5 hours before I take it.  But in all - a savior!"
"I just wanted to add in my positive experience with Nuvaring also! I figured that the majority of women who were having a positive outcome werent commenting. After being on this for 3 cycles I have to say that I do enjoy the convience. I did notice in the beginning a little bit of acne but that was expected for the first month according to my Dr. I didnt experience any weight gain it was quite the opposite I have noticed that I am losing weight but in a healthy amount. I did experience some of the nausea the first week but it quickly went away with time. My aunt was on the nuvaring for over 4 years and she had great reviews as well."
"I&#039;ve been taking 200mg Zoloft for the past 3 and 1/2 months (started 5 months ago) for (severe) depression and social anxiety disorder as well as other (less severe) conditions. I think this medicine is fairly effective for the long-term, but it was very hard for me to wait for it to &#039;kick in&#039; after several months of taking it. I cannot compare this medication to other antidepressants, but it was pretty good; it was also much more effective (for me)."
"I am fifty-nine years old, I have been on 40mg of Micardis for over five years now, it does control my blood pressure, but the side effects include the following. When first subscribed Micardis, leg pains were like charlie horses, lasted about 7 months, mostly at night. For the last 2 years, my insomnia is getting worse, so I started taking 2000mg of vitamin D3 that helps with insomnia, now I&#039;m dealing with the constant coughing mostly at night. I will meet with my cardiologist within the next week, will ask for another blood pressure med."
"I had severe headaches every day (Imitrex didn&#039;t touch them).  After starting this I became migraine free. It honestly felt like a miracle drug to me. I had to go off it to get pregnant and the migraines came right back.  I am counting the days until I can go on it again for the relief from the headaches."
"I have been using Zolpidem for about 6 mos for chronic nerve pain and anxiety. I take it before bedtime instead of another painkiller to help me relax before bed. You must be going to sleep at least 15-20 minutes after you take it because it will only initiate sleep, not meant to keep you asleep. I get at least 7 straight hours sleep without noticing my pain gnawing at me all night. It helps a lot!"
"Was in the hospital for AFib with RVR which came on about 3 days before an ablation procedure that had been scheduled for the AFib.  After two days of trying other drugs to keep my rate down and them working but barely the cardiac ICU decided to try this drug to break me out of the rhythm.  Apparently I&#039;m allergic to it because within minutes of starting an IV drip of it I started getting flush and getting that same feeling as when you have the contrast dye for a CT.  Of course we immediately shut it off and there seems to be no lasting problems since I had so little of it.  Definitely can&#039;t recommend this drug unless it&#039;s an absolute last resort based on my experiences with it and everything I&#039;ve read after the fact about the side effects"
"I just started my 2nd month of Zarah. I switched to this one because my precious BC was causing spotting. This is by far the worst birth control I&#039;ve ever taken. I&#039;ve been having severe mood swings and crying spells, which never happened before. I cannot take it anymore."
"I would only recommend this for hormonal cystic acne, it did nothing for my blackheads and closed comodones and after one year I stopped taking it. There were a few side effects, especially lowered libido but nothing scary."
"I&#039;m 46 and I have been having menopausal symptoms although  I still get my period.  My doctor prescribed me camrese thinking that regulating my hormones into a consistent level would help,  and it would also allow me to have a period every three months which she considered healthy.  The first month was OK,  I even lost weight, I&#039;m now into my second month and have been Spot bleeding for about 2 to 3 weeks. These last two days I have been extremely tired,  unable to concentrate, work, depressed and with a migraine that will not go away. I have read that these are symptoms of low estrogen. And I now Believe this medication does not have enough estrogen to deal with a perimenopausal condition in which you already have a low estrogen level."
"My 6 year old was prescribed this and when I found out the cost I googled coupons for it and got it cheap! Had the pharmacist try a few of the codes until it came down in price. Works great too!"
"I am 19 and started taking otezla 4 months ago. First 3 weeks had terrible stomach upset and loose stool. Also got headaches. Continued with meds as directed and to this day see no improvement. And still occasionally get GI upset. Now I am moving on to Stelara. I have severe plaque psoriasis and without the use of my creams I saw no improvement for otezla and only gained stomach problems."
"I tried Savella for about 2 days.  I had severe nausea, rapid heartbeat, and horrible hot flashes.  It also ran my blood pressure up.  Started with a 12.5, then the next day broke the 12.5 in half and still had the same side effects.  I have tried everything from Neurontin to antidepressants and I have bad side effects from them all.  So as of now all I&#039;m taking is tramadol as needed.  I give up on all the other medicines."
"I&#039;m 16 and I was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome about 2 weeks ago. I was basically not getting my period. My pediatrician recommended Beyaz to control my Hormone level and some other things. I was skeptical about taking Birth control because of side effects such as depression and weight gain. I tend to be a very happy and energetic person and honestly I was scared to lose that, I was VERY SURPRISED THOUGH, Beyaz hasn&#039;t changed my mood at all, I haven&#039;t gained weight and overall I feel fine! Except for its made me TIRED. I work around that though and its no big deal. As for acne, Beyaz controls it amazingly. So far THANK YOU BEYAZ! You&#039;re really helping my future."
"I have been taking Vyvanse for 4 years now and I have been on the same dose of 30mg for severe ADHD. A lot of people have trouble staying on the same dose and need to increase because they get used to the drug. Just a tip: take as needed and when you feel the effects wearing off? Drink a one-shot espresso drink NOT an energy drink. Overall, if you are looking for a good ADHD medication I would recommend either Focalin OR Vyvanse. Best of luck!"
"So I started this birth control because my periods are so bad, I bleed a lot. This birth control made me extremely sick, I had to go to the hospital. On the first day, I threw up and by the next day, I woke up sicker than a dog, it was terrible. I was having trouble breathing, my chest hurt, I was throwing continuously, my breast ached very much, and my legs went numb, along with my arms. This medication has 60% more estrogen than birth control pills. I would not recommend this medication if you have any type of allergy."
"My second try to share what happened to me after trying this RX.  I have a nerve injury in my face and use oxycodone as needed.  I tried this patch and after a few hours my voice became hoarse, nose plugged, sore throat and minor wheezing.  I applied this to my right shoulder and my armpit swelled and became very painful!  After searching symptoms I found a long word that meant my lymph node had swollen and was painful!  I find it hard to believe that this thing would help anybody&#039;s pain."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for about 3 months now and I love it! My periods are shorter, I haven&#039;t gained any weight either. Only thing I&#039;m on the edge about is that my boobs are more bigger and perky which I love, but they&#039;re more sensitive and sore. But other then it&#039;s great. Mood swings aren&#039;t that bad either. :) I recommend it, ladies!"
"I got my implant in late June of 2015 because I was told by a colleague that her periods completely stopped immediately after she got the implant. I was sexually active at the time, and the thought of not having periods intrigued me.
 I had my period the week before I got my implant. My period skipped a month after the implant. Then the second month, I was bleeding heavily and then it became spotty over the course of two months. Then my period stopped completely for 10 months until late Aug of 2016. Now I&#039;ve been bleeding off and on for almost a month and I hope it stops soon. I haven&#039;t had acne or mood swings while on the BC. I did have weight gain (30 pounds)."
"I have M.S and a syrinx, have had neuropathic pain for 17 yrs. Neurontin being the only thing that helped, but even it didn&#039;t remove much of the pain.  I have now had Ketamine twice. The first time was I.V. It removed 90% of my neuroppathic pain and lasted for about 8 months. When the pain came back I was shocked at how bad it was.  I have just finished my 2nd dose this time I was given it subcutaneously.  I have only the smallest amount of neuropathic pain left. The whole thing went very well so now when the pain is back I will go back and have another infusion. This time I only have a very small amount of pain left. I feel this has been the biggest thing that has helped my quality of life. I wouldn&#039;t hesitate to recommend it to others."
"I have suffered from moderate to severe acne for years. I have always had bad breakouts that coincided with my cycle in my teen years. I assumed this would go away once I got older. However, it seemed to get worse throughout my mid-twenties. I am now 28. I would get cystic acne mostly around my mouth &amp; chin area. I always had 4 or 5 huge red pimples.  Not only unsightly, they were painful &amp; would last for weeks.  I tried everything - cleansers, masks, creams, toners, diet, antibiotics, &amp; bc (10 ). Accutane was the last on the list...until Spironolactone appeared. My doc prescribed me the min 25mg dose per day. The 1st week I noticed a change! My skin cleared right up &amp; I have had ONE pimple in the past 3 weeks.  I am amazed.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
"I&#039;m so glad I stumbled onto this site and comments. This pill has been a nightmare. I bleed HEAVY constantly for weeks at a time. I&#039;m now severely anemic and am going through iron (iv) infusions. YES like another commenter I have my period for weeks, last month I was on my period 3 weeks. I&#039;m so tired and frustrated that I&#039;m 38 and considering a hysterectomy. I started this pill 9/28/16. Every time I called about the heavy long periods I was told it takes 2 to 3 months for my body to adjust its now been 6 months and like I said I was on my period 3 weeks last month and just had my 1st of 5 iron infusion treatments. Nightmare.. AVOID THIS PILL :("
"I got it put in almost 3 years ago (my time to get it removed is November). It is very effective I&#039;ve never had any type of pregnancy scare at all throughout the last 3 years. I did lose a lot of weight mostly in my boobs and butt, which was annoying but I guess better than gaining it. At first my period was very irregular I&#039;d get it randomly for a few days then it wouldn&#039;t come back for months then I&#039;d be on it consistently for months at a time. Now I haven&#039;t gotten one in at least 6 months. Overall, very effective and I liked it cuz it&#039;s just there you don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill everyday or anything. I don&#039;t even feel it or notice it there, first couple days I got it it was really bruised but after that it&#039;s been fine."
"Was on Lo Loestrin till I changed insurance and they are making me take this new birth control pill. I loved the one I was one it helped a lot with easing my menstrual cycle. Now that I&#039;ve taken this. I feel like I want to be sick almost every night and my acne is terrible.  My breast have never been this tender. I absolutely hate this product! Calling my doctor for something else especially after they said it was going to be almost the same. She described it like I was taking advil but now I have to take Tylenol. Well just like with Tylenol I can&#039;t take it."
"Very relaxing not something that will get you high but will ale the spirit lifted and relaxed safely...being an ex heroin addict my anxiety is always crazy kava does help significantly."
"Had sudden deep cyst acne - getting on face, arms, and even backside. I could not understand it- doctor prescribed minocycline and everything cleared up immediately.  Unbelievable results with not one pimple since.  Thanks to your notes, I now know why I have been dizzy and sick feeling lately.  I want to come off- also do not want discolored teeth as side effect too but will go back on immediately, if needed."
"I have Epididimitis- the doctor put me on Percocet 5/325 1 tablet every 6 hrs. If you have ever had this kind of pain it hurts. Percocet didn&#039;t help. I have an upcoming knee surgery in December and my surgeon usually prescribes Percocet. I have taken Lortab for months for my knee and its effectiveness has worn out. "
"First time ever having Chlamydia my doc sent script for two pill treatment took last night on full stomach has had diarrhea every since a good 2 hours after I took the pills..on the toilet currently really can&#039;t tell if there&#039;s a change or not I had no symptoms at all and I am like 11 weeks pregnant so maybe this has something too do with me having poop problems"
"This drug is totally ineffective."
"I had sex for the first time ever, unprotected, on my day of ovulation. He pulled out but I was still anxious because I knew that my sisters and I were all a result of the pull out method... So we got Plan B and I took it probably an hour and a half after sex. I was really worried because I had no immediate side effects and I had &quot;the feeling that I was pregnant.&quot; (The only side affect that I ever got was bloody noses for about six days after I took the pill.) After reading the reviews on here  I felt a lot better, but the thought of pregnancy still nagged at me. A week after sex I took two tests, both negative. My period started about five days early. Try not to stress out, this pill actually works"
"I used it in the early days of my psoriasis and it worked wonders.  I use it now because I&#039;ve tried so many natural &amp; Rx meds that did worse for me.  It has cleared my plaque psoriasis totally and a trick I learned from my Dr. is put some water on the skin and it will spread more easily and you&#039;ll use less of the cream.  It doesn&#039;t take much to work.  Make sure if your taking supplements that you get off them. Especially vitamin D3.  You will notice deep dark scares from the plaques, but they will eventually fade over time.  I&#039;ll put up with the bruised look rather than the silvery, scales.  Also, you can use a foundation make up (yes I am a guy) to cover them up.  I got that secret from my wife.  Everything is fine and cleared up."
"Suffering from debilitating depression and anxiety for many years I&#039;ve tried many meds that have very little effect and made me feel just emotionally numb. I tried Viibryd. My life has changed. The restless legs was definitely uncomfortable. But after being on it almost 2 years I only take 10mg every other day since it has had time to clear my head so I&#039;m able to learn some life coping skills. Love me some Viibryd!"
"I&#039;ve had Paragard since middle 2009  and we&#039;re now in middle 2016 so a total of about 7 years. I&#039;m in a serious relationship and have intimate relations a lot and have not gotten pregnant at all. The first 6 months I had internal pain with my body getting used to a foreign object becoming permanently a part of me, but after those months I get my regular monthly cycles (sometimes they are off but that is normal) and my cramps are the same as before I got it inserted. I would recommend"
"At first I hated this pill but had a 3 month supply.  In the first 2 months I had spotting all the time, crazy mood swings, intense cravings and cramps around PMS time and was loosing a dramatic amount of hair.  On the bright side my acne was non existent and I noticed weight loss. By the 3rd month I feel most symptoms cleared."
"Malarone is as safe as you can get. I have used it for 12 months without any symptom at all from the medicine or the parasite. My wife has taken it for 7 months and likewise no problem at all. The best part, while 12 colleagues have fallen and become hospitalized with the prevailing malaria in West Africa they were not taking any anti-malarial."
"I took Cozaar 50mg drug for one week and yes it was very effective in lowering my blood pressure to normal.  However, it gave me terrible insomnia so if I got two hours sleep a night I was lucky.  Also upset my stomach and gave my heart a big &#039;thump&#039; every now and again.  Also vision became fuzzy."
"My depression is more work related as I&#039;m a happy camper when I don&#039;t have to work, but I get nasty and temperamental at work.  Also I wanted to quit smoking.  I take the generic brand since I&#039;m VA so I have no choice but it works fine!  I am much easier to get along with at work, I have quit smoking (YAY!!) and I have zero side effects.  Some may say I&#039;m sleeping more than usual, but I&#039;m OK with that."
"I was diagnosed with chronic migraine at 18 yrs old and put on topamax which helped until recently. I am 23 now and was in a car accident several months ago  started having vertigo, dizzy spells before a migraine, and almost everyday is a headache day. I went to a new neuro who started me on 120 mg verapamil, increased to 180 mg,then 240 mg at 240 mg the side effects were too much and am back to 180mg daily. It has def helped reduce vertigo. I still get some dizziness and lightheadedness every now and then. The migraines ate still almost every day. Waking up with a headache and going to sleep with a migraine many days."
"The packaging is too much. Too much foil that rips and cut your fingers when you&rsquo;re trying to tear one of the applicators off, which does not come off evenly ever. On at least two occasions there was no tablet in the applicator, therefore useless. One time the applicator didn&rsquo;t have a plunger and I could not get the tablet out to insert it manually. Never ever had any of these issues with Vagifem."
"I like Microgestin. My doctor originally put me on Lo Loestrin Fe which caused me breakthrough bleeding everyday. Since Microgestin has double the estrogen if Lo Loestrin Fe, but still considered very low dose. Had minor spotting only in the beginning. No other negative side effects."
"My back and hip pain started back in 2001. I seen soo many doctors for it and was told I was too fat so I dropped 100lbs and the pain got worse. Then I was told I was pill seeking. Told that doctor if a fricken Midol took away the pain I would take that! Finally after 10 years of pain my gastroenterologist tested me for AS and it came back positive. I was diagnosed with Colitis back in 96 so I&#039;m not sure why they didn&#039;t put two and two together and as a result since I went untreated for a decade my spine and hips are really messed up. I was on Enbrel which was amazing. Just switched to humira. Praying it kicks in soon!!! Tired of the pain!!!"
"I started using Epiduo in June and since then my acne has been improving dramatically. When I first started, I made my skin breakout for about two weeks, but from there my skin has gotten clearer and clearer. Although, everyday when I wake up I have a thick layer of oil on my face, but I just wash it off and its fine. I strongly do recommend Epiduo."
"Dried up the sinuses pretty well and helped me sleep"
"I started taking 50mg at night about a year ago. I love the sleep I receive on this medicine. I sleep deeply through the night without any crazy dreams.  I jump out of bed in the morning feeling refreshed and ready to start the day.  I only gave it an 8 rating because it has affected my sex life.  I cannot achieve an orgasm while on this medicine.  It is effecting my life tremendously. My doctor switched me to Ambien.  Hopefully that will help."
"I had it for four years already, at first it feels a little uncomfortable, but as time passes you don&#039;t feel anything and you live your life as normal. The only side effects is longer periods but is worth it instead of getting pregnant."
"I was taking cipralex/lexapro for a little over a month. It really helped my depression but gave me minor erectile dysfunction, delayed orgasm and blocked orgasm. This was not worth staying on the drug. I have switched to trintillex and now my mood is still great and all the sexual problems are gone, great drug"
"I started taking Tri Nessa in November and this is by far THE WORST PILL ever. During the first and second month of taking this pill I was super naseous and I experienced terrible ovulation pain if I did not take my pill at the exact time everyday. Currently, I have horrible mood swings, depression, and my skin is breaking out like crazy. The only thing this pill didn&#039;t do was gain weight. Going to my doctor next week to change my bc plan."
"I NEVER write reviews, but after trying to use this product I felt a duty to warn everybody!! I barely had a YI, I had gotten it from the antibiotics I was on. Honestly within 10 minutes of having this in I was burning like a bat out of hell, I was so damn itchy . I rushed to the store to get the &ldquo;azo yeast&rdquo; to get relief from the cream that was suppose to be helping me. I am writing this now in my shower trying to get this product out. I wish I would have looked at reviews before I bought this.  WORST PRODUCT EVER. SAFE YOURSELF AND JUST CALL A DOCTOR."
"I&#039;ve used a numerous of medicines over 25 yrs. Gabapentin helps but not the best. THE type of my insomnia is rare. Only 1 in 100 thousand have the type that I have. Been to sleep studies, programs, special diets and alot of therapy including psycho therapy. The sleep specialistat the university said there is no cure and best to fall asleep when possible. BUT that&#039;s very hard when trying to hold down a job and maintaining my family.

Since, well in certain states, including mine- medicinal Marijuana is legal....

I smoke Indica strains and if still having problems, I take a 1mg Klonopin or Xanax and lights out!

It&#039;s Nighty Night instead of Wakey Wake! Now it&#039;s trying to go pass out before I eat all my munchies for work."
"5 weeks after I started Nardil my life completely changed. After 15 years I could smile again.
I have tried every drug under the sun for my depression and social anxiety (SSRIs, SNRIs, TCAs, APs, benzos, opiates) but nothing has worked until Nardil."
"I am currently on day 5 of the patch and have had very very light spotting, but have been an emotional wreck all day. I think this is due to work related stress too though. 
I thought it would be just another form of contraception that is useless to me, but after reading everyones reviews, I feel sooo much better! 
I have PCOS, so I am using it to regulate my periods. I also feel better that some people got pregnant as soon as they stopped using it. "
"I have had constipation all my life I am now 31. When I had my children my constipation turned chronic. I tried all the normal things in the chemist. Agarol. Metamucil. Senna. Nulax. Movicol.....the list goes on.
I had a colonoscopy which confirmed nothing .
This was frustrating as I&#039;m glad it was all clear but the nothing diagnosis didn&#039;t help me fix anything. The doctor said I have  lazy bowel as I never got the urge to go to use my bowels . 
After the children I tried dulcolax which I wanted to try earlier but couldn&#039;t because pregnant. 
My first time was horrendous haha the cramps oh my goodness but then the relief oh my was I cleaned out  felt amazing.  
Unfortunately I take 2 every night before bed and have done every day for the last 6 years ."
"Made me very sick at my stomach"
"I was on Lutera before it was suggested that I switch to the generic form of Yaz in order to help clear up my skin.  so I did.  For the first weeks or so I was very tired and had excruciating headaches, both of which were very out of character for me.  This resolved after about a week.  As for my skin it took probably about 4 months to clear up, but after it cleared up it stayed that way, thanks to Yaz.  On the negative side, this pill brought my libido into the negative.  Also dryness became an issue which of course further effected my libido in a negative way, besides just being embarrassing in general.  Now my insurance has decided to no longer cover it so I am switching, I am worried about my skin, but excited to have my sex life back."
"I have been living with HIV for the last 13 years and currently been on Atripla for the last 18 days. I must say that it gave me very restless nights, insomnia. But the bright side is that it works perfectly if taken last in the night when about to go to bed. My question is, does this medicine also deposits fat from the hips to the waist? It&#039;s been working well as its one tablet a day. I thank God for giving me a second chance and praying that I will live to see the next 20 years."
"&quot;just stopped because I have been on it to long, it will cause bone loss&quot;

--&gt;Actually, this has recently been refuted! I almost had a hysterectomy last summer after my GYN told me I had to stop for bone loss &amp; the surgeon&#039;s a leading expert in her field - told me to ride the Depo Train as long as it prevents my god-awful periods &amp; then come back for the surgery.  She emailed me the studies, so I verified the info myself."
"Use with caution! I was stupid enough to take a whole pill and I thought I was going to die. My heart was racing even though I was laying perfectly still and the world was swimming like I was drunk. The effects have lessened over the course of a few hours but I will definitely not take more than 1/4 of one of theses pills in the future!"
"I&#039;m 32 and have been diagnosed with depression since I was about 21. I know that I was depressed way before then but, did not have the diagnosis nor knew what depression was. I was on Celexa 40mg and lithium 600mg for about 4 years. I was functional but, there was a dimension of life that I knew was missing. I did not have a taste for life. A few weeks ago, I had another major depression episode and found myself bed bound. Could not get out of bed. Would sleep for hours on end; I no longer counted days. My trichotillomania had returned with a vengeance and it brought a binge eating disorder to boot. Psychiatrist prescribed Abilify. It has been 4 days since I have taken my first dose (2mg) and I already feel like I am healed. I smiled."
"I have had insomnia for years. In 1991 I had surgery for ovarian cancer. The chemo made me very nervous.  My dr. Prescribed this medicine and it worked great.  Since then, I have continued to take.  I have worked in a health food store for years and have tried all the natural supplements.  So far this is the best and safest medication I have taken.  I usually only need 1 mg. at night.  I also have irritable bowel syndrome and fibromyalgia and it works great for it also.  My dr. said this medicine is much safer than over the counter sleep aids."
"I was diagnosed with IBS when I was 26.  I am now 37.  It has only been the last year and a half that my IBS decided to SERIOUSLY kick in.  I was going up to 7 days with no bowel movement and when it did come the only thing I can compare it to was labor pains.  My insurance finally decided they would pay for the Amitiza.  I have been on it just over a month now and the results have been WONDERFUL...I am more regular, the longest I go is 3 days but usually daily, and there is NO PAIN associated with it.  Thanks Amatiza you have been a GOD SEND TO ME."
"I smoked for 45 years, sometimes more than 2 packs per day. I tried just about everything and then gave Chantix a shot.  First I had the weird dreams (which I can still remember) and my cravings diminished.  Since I loved to smoke and still do, it took me over 3 months to finally quit.  However, I took it up again after 3 years of being smoke free.  Started Chantix again and now I&#039;m smoke free.

All I can really say is that this stuff works but give it some time.  You need to remember than a lot of it is mental and breaking the habit and pleasure isn&#039;t easy.  I know that I&#039;ll never start again after my slip-up and having to do it over.  Do I still want a cigarette?  Yes, but only because I enjoy smoking.  It&#039;s not a physical craving now."
"This medication has really helped me a lot! I feel energetic, happy and my mind is clearer, along with no more memory loss! It was rough the first day though. I felt drugged, restless and couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open. Now I&#039;m on day 3 and the restlessness still remains along with hunger pangs and slight agitation, but overall I&#039;m pleased with Saphris."
"I have been diagnosed with depression and panic disorder (for 20 years now). I learned over the years that if I could keep my anxiety/panic under good control I would be much less likely to go into depression (uncontrolled anxiety greatly increases the chance I will experience depression). Xanax works extremely well at keeping my anxiety (and hence depression) under control. These days I don&#039;t need to use it continuously because just knowing that Xanax is there and works so well if I need it has a calming effect. I didn&#039;t give Xanax 10/10 though because it has one annoying side effect for me: it kills my libido rather effectively if I take it for a few days. Apart from that, very tolerable - way more so than any antidepressant I was on."
"It worked very well for my allergies but the problem was I couldn&#039;t function due to extreme dizziness to the point of vomiting.  I cannot take it so I&#039;m taking Zyrtec."
"I am currently on day 5 of the patch and have had very very light spotting, but have been an emotional wreck all day. I think this is due to work related stress too though. 
I thought it would be just another form of contraception that is useless to me, but after reading everyones reviews, I feel sooo much better! 
I have PCOS, so I am using it to regulate my periods. I also feel better that some people got pregnant as soon as they stopped using it. "
"Have taken the medicine for an essential tremor, in conjunction with primodine, and have found my condition to be stable."
"I have been on Suboxone for at least 4 years. I went from 3 times 8mg to 4mg 1 time daily and I felt just as a normal functioning person with regular feelings. Everything was normal. Now I am in a country where they don&#039;t have such a medication and I am back on methadone and feel as I felt before while being on heroine and other opioid substances. No feelings, no nothing. I can&#039;t wait to get back home to keep taking Suboxone because this is a miracle pill if you even decided to stay on maintenance. I felt just fine on 2mg 1 time daily but I tapered myself gradually over months. So I can just recommend for people who have opiate addiction problems to switch to Suboxone."
"I have been taking 8mg Suboxone for 2 years and switched to Bunavail because myinsurance would cover it. I am switchng back after taking it for 2 weeks because 4.2 mg of Bunavail does not equal 8mg of Suboxone regardless of what the manufactor claims. I started feeling bad around day 4 of taking it and have not felt better. I would not recommend switching to this brand."
"The only great thing about this is that I didn&#039;t get pregnant. Seriously I cry at everything and I have horrible depression. I get mad at my boyfriend for everything and I am always upset. Don&#039;t recommend"
"Well I am 23 and I have been smoking for 8 years, I have been taking Chantix for 6 days now and I have cut back to just 4 a day. I was smoking 1-1.5 packs a day. I have not had many side effects from taking Chantix so from, only some mild unusual dreams and some what irritated. I believe I will be done with smoking by the middle of my second week on this."
"Vyvanse is probably one of the more successful attempts by pharmaceutical companies to create a medication for ADD/ADHD that doesn&#039;t carry the negative repercussions other, older medications have, i.e. anxiety, anorexia, insomnia, etc. It&#039;s amazing."
"Started xenical 6 days ago. As I&#039;m a nightshift worker without bathroom conveniently available all the time I decided to start on days off &amp; with some fat in my diet to see how severe the consequences maybe. Ate cheese salami &amp; crackers and took a pill..thinking the effects would follow soon.  Some 12 hours later the oil / fat passed..&amp; for 6 days that has been my experience. I&#039;ve lost 2.1 kg so far I&#039;m really happy but have been really thirsty. Which is o.k. Not hungry though.."
"Have chronic Lyme disease - causing depressed immune function. Ceftin eliminated my urinary tract infection in one week without any side reactions.  Felt better after first dose.  Love this medication!"
"Citalopram has literally given me my life back.  I have suffered, largely untreated, with mild-moderate depression for most of my adult life (and likely as a teen).  About 10 yrs ago, I had taken Zoloft, but hated the way I felt on it.  Since then, I had sworn off anti-depressants.  The past few years have been stress-filled and in the past year or so, I have been on a downward spiral.  I was holding it together well enough at work, but would crash when I got home.  I wasn&#039;t being the mother or wife I wanted to be (and knew I could be), and was likely headed for a divorce.  I was diagnosed with PMDD (though I think it is more general depression as well) and started on 20 mg of citalopram.  I am me again! (side effects=dry mouth, sweating, high sex drive)."
"I suffered terrible depression and anxiety after I had my son. It was the worst experience because I had no control over the worrying, sadness and hopelessness. I wasn&#039;t able to enjoy my newborn because I felt so down and anxious about everything. After I developed insomnia and would sleep for 3 days at a time I decided to get help. I felt embarrassed and shameful for feeling this way, but I can assure anyone dealing with postpartum anxiety/depression that it&#039;s NOT your fault! It&#039;s a very real disorder and can take a person&#039;s life if they don&#039;t seem help. Zoloft literally saved mine, I have been on 100mgs for one year and feel like the happy person I was before pregnancy. Best decision I&#039;ve ever made!!"
"I&#039;m on my 3rd week of bupropion and I have finally started seeing a difference in myself. It was a Thursday and I was in clinicals, I&#039;m in college for athletic training, and I was just my normal friendly happy energetic self. Out of the three weeks I have had dizziness once and I have noticed some trembling but so far so good and I really feel like I&#039;m getting back to my normal self. I had been down for so long I&#039;m just glad I finally did something about it!"
"Finally, a medicine prescribed by my psychiatrist that is non narcotic and actually works. Due to a severe auto accident fifteen years ago, I am now 40 yrs old, and having suffered a closed head injury, fractured pelvis, 4 fractured ribs and tailbone fracture. I have suffered with chronic pain mostly my adult like. I have undergone nearly every pain management regime one can think of: Epid nerve blocks, rhizotomy, physical therapies and of course every narcotic medicine that was available. Yet within just a few months, and after all these years, Doctor and I have finally found a medication regimen that truly works! Lyrica 75 2x a day and MS 60mg 2x daily. And since starting Lyrica, my acute pain episodes are less frequent."
"This pill does work! Trust me. I took this pill literally 20 minutes after having sex and I had bad cramping and nausea and breast tenderness for about a week. I didn&#039;t get my period on time, I got it 5 days late. But hey, I got it! And I&#039;m so glad. This pill really does work."
"Was only on this for 4 days. I yook 25mg in the mornings. The side effects were bad and got progressively worse. My head felt weird and also headaches that lasted hours on end. Took extra long to fall asleep the third day. I barely ate the third and fourth day because the naseua was so bad. I would eat something small then feel like vomitting. The last day I tried to take it before bedtime as directed to try to sleep through the bad parts, but ended up calling off work because of severe insomnia. I would not recommend this stuff for anyone. Stay away from this stuff!"
"I&#039;m 21 years old and have been on this birth control for almost a year now and I absolutely love it. No weight gain, no headaches, no acne, no side effects really except I no longer have a period at all. Just to be cautious I take a pregnancy test every month, but so far there hasn&#039;t been a need for it. My sex drive is the same and hasn&#039;t changed at all. The pills are easy to swallow. I would never switch birth controls!"
"I started taking this because of the painful cramps I get once a month. I&#039;ve only been on it for a little over two weeks, and my typically clear face is now covered in cystic acne that nothing seems to get rid of. I feel tired and just want to spend my days sleeping or resting (even when I get 7-9 hours of sleep at night!), I&#039;ve gained a few pounds each week, and now I&#039;m getting painful cramps (the reason I even started taking this stuff) weeks before my period is supposed to start. I went online and realized many women are having the exact same symptoms as me! I wish I would have read reviews before just doing what my gynecologist suggested. I do not recommend this to anyone!"
"I&#039;ve only been on this half a week, but I&#039;ve already lost 2 lbs. I&#039;m on the lowest dosage of 0.6 mg. I&#039;ve had chronic weight gain for 2 years and lost 30 lbs last year, but in 2 months gained it back plus an extra 10 lbs (while still dieting). The doctors are speculating I have PCOS or it&#039;s birth control related as I am only 18 and this quite abnormal for my age. After my first shot I felt the effects immediately. I have 0 hunger and 0 cravings. I&#039;ve been forgetting to eat actually because I always feel full. I do have some minor nausea which makes it hard for me to eat, but I think that&#039;s a plus because it&#039;s making it easy for me to stick to my diet. I&#039;m on weight watchers and sticking to a low sugar high protein diet."
"I was prescribed 20mg before bed to alleviate the pain form arthritis in my neck.I took them and after the second night I slept good and awoke with very little pain in the morning.However after 5 days I was not sleeping well and was like a zombie in the afternoon/evening and became very short fused.I returned to the dr who prescribed Temazapan to help me sleep and he said to increase the dose of Nortiptyline to 25mg.I discussed it with my wife and she said she would prefer if I didn&#039;t as she was not happy with the side effects.I stopped taking them and felt &quot;normal&quot; again by the next afternoon.I have found that ibuprofen helps when the pain is severe although that doesn&#039;t happen so much anymore because I have discovered Gelatin."
"Since I have had this implant in my arm I have been bleeding for almost 3 months. I have also formed breast masses that have continued to grow and as of today I have an abnormal heart rate. I asked my doctor (whom I work for) if the heart condition is associated with my birth control and he confirmed that it is (through stat blood work and an echocardiogram). My body is now out of wack and I have to get it taken out 4 months after having it placed in my arm. It has made my life a nightmare."
"I have moderate acne, cysts blackheads white heads on cheeks and chin. Applied nightly to face for 6 weeks, no improvement noticed. Got the purging period I think, but it never got any better.
Am taking anti-biotics now hopefully those help instead"
"While doing a twist in Zumba in January I felt a pop and terrible pain in my knee.  I was in great pain when walking, for a month, with a knee I have never had a problem with. When I went to the orthopedic Dr he told me I was bone on bone and a candidate for knee surgery.  I am 68 yrs old, very active and have never been overweight, I was shocked at the diagnosis.  Cortisone gave me no relief.  Starting in March I had one injection for 4 weeks, with minimal relief.  A month after the last shot (middle of May) I got out of bed with 90% relief and a bit more improvement for 5 to 6 days.  It is now 5 months and I am almost pain free!  I will have this again when it wears off."
"I was diagnosed with MS at 41 in 1998..I was relieved when my doctor recommended the once a week shot Avonex thinking it would be the  easiest.  Not so...bad side effects.  I went from cane to walker to wheel chair to hospital all in the few years I was on it. Just before I  went into the hospital I went on 20 mg seven days a week of copaxone. It gave me my life back.  I then went from wheel chair to walker to cane and then nothing in about two years time.. I&#039;ve now been on it for 17 years with no major relapses. Not a day goes by that I don&#039;t feel the effects of MS but nothing compared to what it was before copaxone.."
"It works well. The first day I notice itching and swelling around my vagina I went and got Monistat. The itching was getting worse, then day 1 I still had a lil itching day 2 no itching but still swelling day 3 no itching no swelling but the infection was coming out. Good to use"
"I do feel like this medicine calms me, without any side effects whatsoever. Not for someone looking for a mood change like with benzodiazepines (Xanax, Klonopin). I love that it doesn&#039;t make me tired or loopy feeling. That said, my anxiety is not as bad as some people have it, so maybe  this is not strong enough for others. No withdrawal or addictive qualities make it definitely worth trying before going to something stronger, though."
"I was completely disabled by my nausea. I had zero appetite, simple tasks seemed impossible and went 2 weeks without working. At approx 7 weeks my doctor prescribed Diclegis. I must say I was extremely hesitant but after another week of constant nausea I decided I would give in. The change has been miraculous. I can sleep better, have an appetite (limited to salty or sour things only) and nausea almost completely gone. 

After a few weeks or taking Diclegis, I decided to test not taking one night and spent a full day in bed with nausea and not being able to eat. Later that night I took my 2 pills again and next day feeling absolutely wonderful. This medication is a life saver."
"I have had my Paragard for one year, and it&#039;s been great! Insertion was not pleasant, but it only lasts a moment and now it&#039;s nothing but a distant memory. My periods were heavier and my cramps more severe for the first three months, but after that they returned to nearly the same as before. So many people wrote about their terrible experiences that reading up almost stopped me from doing it, and now I&#039;m so glad I got it anyway. Just remember that those who had a negative experience are more likely to post about it, so there&#039;s a bias! It&#039;s also totally possible that it will go just fine and be a fantastic BC method. Don&#039;t be too afraid to try it and see if it&#039;s right for you, you can always take it out if it&#039;s not."
"This birth control has worked very well for me. I&#039;ve tried 3 other oral contraceptives in the past (all for 3+ months each) and I tried the Skyla IUD for 6 months. All of those ended up absolutely ruining my body, my clear skin, and my moods. I became borderline suicidal. My OBGYN recommended me this brand due to its low hormone levels and the fact that it is mostly estrogen based. I&#039;ve still been having some spotting still 5 months in, but that&#039;s my only real complaint. My skin has stayed clear, my sex drive is normal, and I haven&#039;t gained any weight. The fact that it&#039;s SO EXPENSIVE sucks though. $37 per month...I wish I could get it free like the other forms of birth control I&#039;ve gotten in the past!"
"This drug is the first to relieve some of the severe symptoms  associate with severe back and leg pain from a work-related injury. I found it to be effective in reducing the pain level from 10 to about 7 (1-10 pain scale). There were no side-effects that I am aware of when given an injection in the ED setting."
"Fourteen years i have been taking Aggrenox. Total life saver for me.  Headaches when I first started, took Tylenol if absolutely necessary. 
? Generic.  Am I going to be forced to take generic?  Pretty scary."
"I am 27 years old and have had fibromyalgia for 5 years.  I&#039;ve been to many drs and always left feeling crazy or like they didn&#039;t believe me, &quot;I was too young to feel that way.&quot;  I&#039;ve tried numerous drugs related to fibro and nothing has helped.  I felt as if I was getting worse and got almost every side effect of each drug I tried.  I was giving up.  I switched to a new doctor last year and she is amazing.  She hasn&#039;t given up on me.  She told me about Savella and asked if I&#039;d be her guinea pig.  This drug has changed my life!  I can get through the day normally now.  At first, I had some hot flashes and nausea but they subsided after a few weeks.  I still have a little pain but nothing like it was.  I am so thankful for my doctor and Savella."
"I have been using Epiduo for about 6 months and I&#039;m in love with it. I travel a lot and even so much as got samples from my dermatologist since I don&#039;t check my bags and because of the airline restrictions. I haven&#039;t had any bad reactions and noticed just after a few days of using it a huge difference in my skin. I have tried several acne regimens from Clean &amp; Clear to Proactiv and nothing worked until I started using Epiduo."
"Prescribed 25mg for GAD. It didn&#039;t do anything so I requested an upped dose. They prescribed me 50mg and it still did nothing. I have tried Benadryl, Lemon Balm and so many other things thag never worked. I am on Xanax now but it still really doesn&#039;t do much. I am on a 0.5dose and it works more maybe 30min and not very well."
"When I was 18 the first time I saw a gyno she prescribed me Tri Lo Sprintec. She gave me a packet of Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo which I think the pharmacist said it was basically the same thing. For both I had no problem. To start off, I never really had bad cramps or anything major and I definitely didn&#039;t feel anything after starting birth control. After the price for Tri Lo-Sprintec went up I got off of it. I am about to go on Tri sprintec which my doctor said it&#039;s just a little higher dosage so that&#039;s probably where all those other symptoms come from (nausea, mood swings, acne, weight gain). As for everyone else who has been experiencing these symptoms, they are also very common when you PMS, except for the nausea but mainly I think it&#039;s psychological."
"Worked fast"
"My  scalp psoriasis began about 5 years, about the same time I was put on high blood pressure medication. I&#039;m not sure if there is any connection.  I have tried all kinds of medicines as well as laser therapy with no success. Recently, I went to a new dermatologist who prescribed Taclonex with great success. However, if I stop using it for more than 3 days, the psoriasis starts up again. One of my complaints is I have a hard time washing it out of my hair. The day after I use the medicine, I wash my hair at least 4 x) and it still is greasy."
"I have been using Mucinex for 6-9 months for Fibromyalgia and Chronic Cough (20 years).  Started with 600mg twice a day for about a month, then I switched to 1200mg twice a day for about 2 months.  1200 was way TOO Much, it made my joints burn with pain and my left leg swelled up. I switched back to 600mg twice a day - still had the pain and swelling - then dropped the dose to 600mg once a day - the swelling went down and the pain was much less.  I got very tired -hard to work.  All this time the Mucinex worked to control the Fibro and helped me to function and think clearly.  I will try an even lower dose of Mucinex. Can&#039;t get it over the counter. I&#039;ve been off the medicine for 2 days with lots of rest. In a few days I&#039;ll be back on with a lower dose."
"I have had the Mirena placed 16 months ago.  I am 30 and have 3 year old twins. It was a little bit painful to have it placed.  The Mirena has helped my mood swings and not so much for the acne.  I was iffy about if the first 5 months I had it.  I cramped hard and the bleeding was heavy. I have always been a spotter not a bleeder.  But after 6 months, it lightened up and now I only have light spotting.  I don&#039;t miss taking the pill everyday.  My moods are wonderful!  I used to be an emotional roller coaster with other birth controls.  I am retaining my baby weight.  I can NOT shed it.  I exercise,  I don&#039;t know if it is just me or if it is the Mirena holding onto what I have.  I don&#039;t plan on having it taken out any time soon."
"Ended up with bad inflammation in the chest. Felt like I was being stabbed while breathing. Other medicines did not work. As soon as I was given my first dose in the E.R., 15 minutes later I was feeling better and not suffering anymore."
"I have been addicted to Percocet, Lortab, Morphine IR, and Oxycodone for almost 6 years since a horrible accident. I was so fed up with feeling like shit every 15 days after I ran out of my medicines. I couldn&#039;t wait to make another excuse to my pain doctor to get more pills. On Monday (1/12/09) I was done. Live or die? I chose to live. I went to my doctor and told them that I wanted to change - NOW! They referred me to a specialist in addiction. I was given 8mg of Suboxone immediately upon arrival (I was in SEVERE withdrawal). One hour later, I felt ALIVE again. I don&#039;t mean high, I mean alive! NO WITHDRAWALS! COMPLETELY GONE! NO CRAVINGS!- NOTHING. I have lost EVERYTHING but now I have my life. Suboxone is a miracle!"
"I think this medicine is a wonder drug. When I was 15 I took this medication for severe cystic acne and within 5 months my acne was completely gone except for the redness that eventually went away. I only experience dryness of my skin, lips and hair and very mild depression (but hey who isn&#039;t depressed when you have acne that bad). Now I am 27 and some minor breakouts but I wouldn&#039;t go back and change my decision to take accutane for anyting in the world. It changed my life for the better in so many ways."
"My asperger syndrome is many times better now because of zyprexa."
"I took Valium for nearly 20 yrs for anxiety and functioned just great. My Dr retired and I had to find another. He is weening me off, now down to 2.5mg twice a day. I am miserable ! I&#039;m stuck in my home, can&#039;t sleep, and my heart and stomach are going wild. I don&#039;t know how much more of this I can stand ! I feel I&#039;m going to have a heart attack, I&#039;ve lost so much weight I look terrible. And my Dr doesn&#039;t seem to notice or even care. He says he cannot be writing for it. I am not a dope head. I am a 53 yr old grandma who needs help. My children worry about me all the time. What is a person to do ?? Go to the street ?? I don&#039;t know that kinda life and don&#039;t want to. I can&#039;t afford a psychiatrist, just a Dr that cares !"
"Cozaar 25 mg was effective in reducing blood pressure but very expensive and possibly caused dizziness.  It was replaced with Amiodipine Besylate 5mg (generic for Norvasc), and it works just as well at a much, much lower price.  Dizziness has eased."
"I found that Lexapro really elevated my mood drastically and helped my anxiety, but it also gave me severe insomnia, dreamy thinking, and the inability to pay attention."
"Love/hate relationship with the nexplanon it&#039;s so convenient &amp; easy but it has caused me to bleed for a year straight &amp; mostly heavy bleeding, going to the gyno for the 4th time since having it tomorrow to sadly get it removed, I&#039;ve had stuff prescribed to stop the bleeding but it only takes affect for a week &amp; comes back. I&#039;ve lost 10-15 pounds while on nexplanon which is a plus. Everyone reacts different &amp; this birth control would be so perfect for me if I would stop bleeding!!!!"
"Great hormone balance. I&#039;ve had issues before with other pills (Microgestrin, Aviane, Kariva)...you name it... breakthrough bleeding, depression, headaches, low drive, etc. I thought I was just not someone who the pill worked for without major side-effects...but LEVORA IS GREAT. No issues whatsoever, higher drive, absolutely no weight/depression/spotting/tenderness issues. Amazing pill - highly recommend it if you&#039;ve had problems with other pills before."
"I took Ortho Tri-cyclen for a few years when I was younger. During the first month I gained 5 lbs, but that was it.  I did notice I was very emotional for the first couple of months and I was told by others that I got angry or upset easily.  However, while taking Ortho Tri-cyclen, I never got pregnant. It helped decrease my acne, my period went from 5-6 days to 3-4 day, my period was also very light (almost no heavy days), and I almost never had cramps. I switched to Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo after and I was less moody and less emotional so I guess the decrease in estrogen was better for me and the pill was just as effective as the regular Ortho Tri-cyclen for me."
"Topamax has really decreased my seisure activity, and as a bonus my headaches. However; I do still take a nap everyday after school. It is a must."
"As far as control, this drug has been a God send.  In way of weight gain, this drug has been a nightmare.  I have gained 90 lbs in the 10 years on this drug.  I have tried switching medicines, but have had two seizures doing so.  I am healthy other than the weight gain.  The drug has done what it is meant to do, stop seizures. I call it being Fat and Functional."
"I have a ruptured disc at c6/c7 and the pain became excruciating and really took over my life. I&#039;m a single mother of two small children and work a demanding job. I didn&#039;t know how I would make it through the pain got to be so bad. Tramadol didn&#039;t even take the edge off of the pain anymore. Saw my pain doctor on Monday and he prescribed Nucynta and Zanaflex. Let me preface it by saying that I pretty much couldn&#039;t move on Monday my mobility was so bad. I took both pills immediately upon picking the prescriptions up. Within a half hour I could feel my super tight muscles starting to loosen up a bit. By the 2nd dose of Nucynta the pain went from a 10 to a 3. I have super dry mouth as a side effect but I&#039;ll take that over the pain."
"Omg I will NEVER buy this EVER AGAIN. I&#039;m itching and burning so bad it&#039;s unbearable I used monistat 7. Honestly al rather just deal with the infection then use this stuff. OMG .!!!!!"
"I am almost done with the Prevpac, after I take it I have a really bad taste in my mouth. I&#039;m hoping that I will be cured and that all the money that was paid is worth it."
"I have had nail fungus on my big toe and two little toes for 10 years. The big toe Nail fell off 4 years ago and I was told by a doctor that it likely won&#039;t grow back at all. The nail did grow back but ugly, crooked and still with the fungus. I used all sort of remedies, oil of aregano, tea tree oil, vinegar, mouth wash, nail lacquer and nothing worked. Jublia cleared my Nail entirely in approximately 8 months (I forgot to use it/didnt have prescription here and there). You have to use it daily and apply to nail and surrounding area. My nail is clear and smooth now, I can&#039;t believe it! I thought I&#039;d have to deal with it forever. Where I&#039;m at (ontario,canada) it&#039;s only 40$ after insurance coverage..not bad compared to others I&#039;ve tried :)."
"Made the switch from Byetta to Bydureon with no problems. Numbers are staying consistent. The convenience of a once-a-week injection is well worth the extra work. I&#039;m very pleased with it so far."
"It is the best. My husband is on this one. Without this we would be lost."
"After 3 shots, the pain is worse. I think I have a injured ligament.
Knee cap doesn&#039;t hurt. It hurts from above the knee going up my leg about 4 inches. One surgeon said, I need a knee cap replacement, yet the knee cap doesn&#039;t hurt. It&#039;s under the muscle going down my leg to the top left edge of the knee. The Euflexxa made the pain even worse. I&#039;m not a good candidate for surgery, and I&#039;m at a loss at what to do next."
"Felt horrible, very depressed, lethargic, tired all the time."
"I have been taking Cozaar 50 mg a day combined with Coreg 25 mg 2x daily for about 10 years. My blood pressure was 200/120. About 2 years ago Coreg CR 20mg replaced the  Coreg daily. This regimen slowly reduced my BP to 100/60.  This BP was too low so I stopped the Coreg CR completely. I am now on Cozaar 50 mg 1 per day and my BP is averaging 125/60-70."
"Before taking the medication I had debilitating headaches which are horrible to begin with but adding 3 kids under the age of 6 it&#039;s a nightmare. Ever since I began taking them I&#039;m function again within 30-40 mins. LIFE SAVER!!!"
"Hi , just wanted to share my melatonin experience after my travel to thailand. 
My jetlag has been really bad for days and of my friends had melatonin pills with him. 
The effect is fast and stronger then a sleeping pill. How can that be possible ? It could be a dangerous thing and becoming a addiction on people. 
I did it 3 times. And I felt super depressed the next mornings.  So I guess something is not right when people are saying.... OH NO WORRIES MELATONIN IS IN YOUR BODY ALREADY. IT IS NOT DANGEROUS."
"Topamax has really decreased my seisure activity, and as a bonus my headaches. However; I do still take a nap everyday after school. It is a must."
"This medication can damage liver function. I was prescribed with Lamisil, after 3 days, I discovered my urine turned into dark tea color,  I fell into sick. I go my liver test result came back, it showed my liver was damaged, it&#039;s 3 times beyond more than the normal result. I wasn&#039;t able to continue to use Lamisil. I also checked if I got any kind of hepatitis, the results came back which indicated that I had never been affected with any kind of hepatitis. Eventually it took me almost 1 year to recover from using Lamisil."
"I was given the pill 2 times per day at 500 mg. I am in my early 30&#039;s and feeling still overall blah on the 4th day of the meds. Feeling numb on my feet and nausea after taking the pill. I am on no other medications. Normally I rarely remember my dreams, but last two nights I have horrible nightmares."
"I put on 40kg over the course of 12 years of this medication but I don&#039;t have migraines. The generic ones don&#039;t work at all except Derralin (can no longer get inderral in Australia) I would recommend anyone with life altering migraines to try it for 3 months. It just might be the cure you are waiting for."
"I too took suboxone to treat opiate withdrawal and it truly is a miracle drug. However, after 7 years of being on Suboxone daily, I&#039;m now dependent on this. The withdrawals are just as bad as withdrawing from any opiate and some say worse. So my advice to you from my own experience is to immediately start tapering off suboxone the second you start taking it. My first attempt using suboxone only took 3 days of usage, I stopped before my body became dependent and for a month after I felt perfect. I then started taking it regularly out of fear of relapsing with opiates. Now I&#039;m haunted by the fact I&#039;m totally dependent on suboxone. It&#039;s a very strong drug and I personally think way over prescribed dosage wise."
"I have been taking Concerta 54mg for 10 years now. In early 2002, I was put on Adderall 10mg. The first day of the 10mg, I came home from school and said, &quot;I&#039;m never taking this again.&quot; Twice I tried to pick a fight with my classmates. Concerta was like a miracle. I could focus on my work (instead of splitting my attention between my work and drawings or books or video games), and I didn&#039;t feel any major side effects. A couple years after starting it, the difference, minor at first, was remarkable between the days I would and would not take it. I&#039;ve had increasing depression for the past 5 years, though, and I&#039;m wondering if it&#039;s because of the Concerta..."
"I have/had severe OCD.  I have been on citalopram, Zoloft and Prozac.  I was started on 150mg Anafranil and within what seemed no time at all my OCD disappeared.  Prozac did work for OCD but not on clinical depression.  I am now on 200mg.  I have had no weight gain (nor did I have on SSRIs).  I get a dry mouth sometimes but counteract this with a anti dry mouth toothpaste."
"The Suprep has been easier all around  than the large volume of liquid in my one and only other colonoscopy prep.  I drank the whole 16 ounces in one steady gulping, and chased with a jolly rancher.  I had to wait 90 minutes for any effect, but then it came.  It was pretty thorough, but the main part was over in 30 minutes, followed by a few trips to the BR, but with ample warning.  My second round at 1 AM went down fine, I also had to wait 60 minutes, but this was about the same, 30 minutes, and I could tell it had done it&#039;s job.  I stayed up later and watched a tv show to catch the few remaining BR visits.  All in all, it isn&#039;t fun, but so much better than the last time.  I would ask for this next time."
"very good drug .. it helps me to beat my fearing to talk in front of people .. I took 40 mg an hour before my presentition and I feel comfertable without that annoying rapidly heart beating .. highly recommended"
"I&#039;ve been taking clonazepam for 18 months and it has changed my life around. I suffer from R.E.M behaviour disorder, night terrors, sleep paralysis and the ability to act on my dreams which has caused harm to partners. I take 7mg at night and so far I&#039;ve had no problems.
 The only side effects so far have been dry mouth and slight unbalance occasionally, I&#039;m a bit groggy in the morning for a little bit but that soon wears off."
"This medicine saved my life. I have IBS and got some virus or something that attacked my bowels and made me sick for 6 weeks until a new doctor gave me this. Within days I was back on track. From six weeks of weakness and extreme diahrrea it was nice to be normal again."
"This turned me from a deep, suicidal depression into a happy, productive person in 2 days. I am also able to sleep without any sleep medicines (first time in years). My problem is that my insurance refuses to pay for it because using Provigil for depression/bipolar is off-label, and it is so expensive that I&#039;m just starting to wean myself off of it, sadly.  There is another drug, Nuvigil that is supposed to be even better, and is currently being tested (very positive results so far) for FDA approval in the use of it for depression and bipolar.  It&#039;s been a long road for me, so I can only pray that the FDA moves quickly on this."
"Thank the gods. We&#039;re not pregnant. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s fair to credit this pill with saving us, because our incident happened approximately 2 days after ovulation. Nevertheless, we&#039;re saved. She experienced 2-3 days of brown discharge/spotting, which can be a sign of pregnancy (panic). but then, sure enough, her period came around on time. we&#039;re fine!"
"I took 1 30mg and it has made me so sick. I&#039;ve been having flu like symptoms and my anxiety is through the roof. I couldn&#039;t sleep last night and this was just taking 1. I normally take Valium 20mg a day and Ativan 1mg and I&#039;m ok but lately with all meds I think my body after so many years is used to the benzodiazepines they aren&#039;t working as well. I&#039;m still having panic attacks that are disabling. I need help. Every SSRI or SNRI  doesn&#039;t not work at all. I took from my teens until I was 22 ecstasy everyday and when I stopped is when the anxiety started and has never left even though I&#039;ve been quit for 11 years. I don&#039;t want to be on medications any more I just want to live life that&#039;s all :( this medicine ruined an entire day for me."
"I started to take Victoza 0.6 mg for weight loss, three weeks ago. After jumping through several hoops with insurance to cover the med, I was hopeful and excited to start this med and get results. First day was awful; headache, fatigue as I have never experienced in my life (shoulders/back/neck), nausea (like at sea), dizziness, blurred vision, constipation, GI issues I&#039;ve never experienced before, dry mouth/dehydration, nightmares (when able to sleep) night sweats and insomnia. I tried to stick it out (2 HORRIBLE wks) in the hopes the side effects would subside; they got worse. I ended up passing out; hot/cold clammy sweats as if hypoglycemic, yet was not (140). I was taken by ambulance to the ED where I was given 2L fluids... BEWARE!"
"Taking Sonata was like taking a placebo.  No matter when I took it - 5 minutes before bedtime, 1 hour, 2 hours, I would lie awake for hours!  I even tried doubling up with no change.  Once I did fall asleep I would wake up 2 hours later, then 2 hours after that - never getting a restful nights sleep."
"Hypokalemic Periodic Paralysis is an ion channel disorder which causes me to have partial to full body paralysis and daily generalized weakness, not to mention other medical problems. Acetazolamide helps keeps my potassium up (along with Potassium Chloride - immediate release) to a safe level the majority of the time. I have chronic mild metabolic acidosis and have had one kidney stone in the past 16 yrs due to Acetazolamide, but it has been well worth the side effects."
"I was concerned about starting Safyral after reading some of the reviews here, but have been pleasantly surprised by how easy my transition onto it has been. I was not on any contraceptive previously, and when I started my Safyral regimen my ONLY side effect was very light spotting for the first month. Not only did I escape mood swings, weight gain, acne, nausea, etc., but my usual menstrual symptoms (bloating, cramps, breakouts) have become almost nonexistent. I am not yet sexually active so I can&#039;t speak to Safyral&#039;s effectiveness as a contraceptive, but I&#039;ve been very happy with it in the meantime."
"Effexor is the only antidepressant that has helped my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, and I have tried quite a few. It is the only one that has had very few side effects as long as you take it regularly. It has greatly helped me deal with my OCD and has greatly improved my overall mood and outlook on life. I take it in conjunction with Pimozide which has eliminated the intrusive unwanted thoughts and also Dextrostat which helped eliminate the tiredness associated with with taking the previous medications.  These 3 medications have given me a new lease on life.  Prior to this mix of medicines I must have tried a couple dozen that either didn&#039;t work for me or had too many side effects."
"I switched to Xulane from Mirena. I am on my second week. I am so nauseous and my face has broken out badly. I feel tired all day, I&#039;m simply miserable. I&#039;m constantly eating. I actually miss my Mirena. I&#039;ll try to stick it out a little longer."
"This is quiet literally a miracle medicine.  I used to give presentations all of the time to big groups of people but over the years seem to develop a fear and would be anxious for days leading up to the presentation ... not anymore.  I take 1 10mg red pill 1hr before the presentation and because the heart is not racing the rest of me is perfectly calm and relaxed.  You still need to prepared and know your stuff or be well rehearsed for a speech but outside of that you now have nothing to worry about.  This is truly a life and game changer for anyone who has to give public presentations."
"After having Catapres given to me at a detox I cannot imagine detoxing without it. Whether detoxing cold turkey or through tapering I would recommend Catapres for anyone who&#039;s going through opiate withdrawal."
"After my second child I decided to use the Mirena. I have been using the Mirena since 2005! The insertion was not painful. A little cramping about a day after but that was it. I would occasionally get spotting a few weeks after insertion but nothing heavy. Haven&#039;t had a cycle in years. I had the Mirena replaced in 2010 with no problems. The Mirena is a great choice for birth control. "
"Constant nausea there are flare ups where I have no appetite and I&#039;m very tiny so losing the weight I have on this pill is scary. Also the nausea flare ups are horrible. constant vomiting and trying to eat anything only makes it worse. Sometimes I have to go days without eating just waiting for my stomach to calm down enough from this pill to eat. The longest I&#039;ve gone is 4 days when the nausea finally subsided I am currently on a two day no eating period  because I&#039;m nauseas and throwing up everything I eat. This pill is a nightmare stuck it out for 6 months. Switching today to Gianvi. Was previously on Loloestrin which was wonderful for everything except mood."
"I had my first shot December 19 , 7 weeks after having my son and I was still bleeding from that  within 2 days my bleeding had stopped and I was excited. Well that was short lived as the next week I started bleeding/spotting for 2 weeks then stopped for a couple of weeks  only to start again. My doctor gave me a second shot Feb 1 stating it would stop the bleeding  well it hasn&#039;t.  It&#039;s now been 5 weeks of spotting/bleeding. This is horrible.  I also have horrible hot flashes that come from no where.  Do not take this medication"
"I&#039;ve been taking this for 9 weeks - on 40mg daily. No headache - after having daily headaches for almost a year."
"Ive always been skinny but not to a point where people would point it out or say i need to gain weight. I tried taking this because sometimes ill lose my appetite and i can go days without feeling hungry. I took half a 4mg at night before bed and i couldnt get out! I slept from 10 pm all the way to 1:30 in the afternoon and i was still tired! It makes your bones feel like jelly. It does help you gain weight but when i took it, all the weight just went to my stomach. So now im just forcing myself to eat more and i hit the gym 5 times a week for weight lifting and i look better than when i used this pill to gain weight. If you want to put on healthy weight aka muscle this isnt the pill to try- 16lbs of muscle =1 year to put on."
"To be more effective Tinea versicolor has to be treated on the inside with the pills, and on the outside with the shampoo. The dermatologist informed me of this. "
"I love gabapentin, it works I am no longer in constant pain. "
"The 10 is for effectiveness, but for nothing else. Generess kept me baby free. I have Endometriosis, why my dr prescribed this med, and my cycle is only 2 days but still pretty heavy. But oh the side effects. I&#039;m 21, breaking out worse than I did even going through puberty. My appetite has spiked, I&#039;ve gained about 8 lbs, and can&#039;t seem to get it off with my usual gym/boxing class regimen, I already practice a mostly yeast-free eating lifestyle and still nothing helped. Further- my anxiety is OFF THE CHARTS, I have a history with depression but haven&#039;t actually experienced it like this in years- which adds to the constant fatigue. Switching to Mirena this cycle- I hope your experience is better than mine!!"
"I have had the skyla in place for little over a year and recently found out that I have become pregnant while the skyla was still in place. I would recommend you be very cautious while using this birth control."
"I have had psoriasis for over 15yrs and Taclonex was the only medication that actually cleared it up. It worked quickly and the psoriasis stayed gone I was only fortunate enough to experience this medication because my dermatologist gave me free samples and I was able to spread that out for a year. My psoriasis stayed clear for about 6 months after I stopped using the Taclonex.  My only cons to this medication is it tore up my fingernails (I recommend applying it with gloves) and the price! I was very disappointed when I went to fill my prescription and found out the price. I just cannot afford it. Almost $800.00 with ins! That is the only reason I gave 7 stars.  If it were actually affordable I would give it 100 stars."
"Suffered from post traumatic stress disorder for over 17 years.  This was the best thing to keep me from having anxiety, triggering a panic attack. Other meds made it worse. Especially if you take an antidepressant like Lexapro. Lexapro alone will not work. Together with the Xanax and Lexapro is the best combination for PTSD!"
"Suffering badly  from sleep deprivation due to  being woken to pee 6 times a night , prescribed Tamsulosin Hydrochloride , minimal  reduction doctor  then prescribed  Finasteride to assist  Tamsulosin  which  after  3 months  was  not achieving  a result . Finasteride made me  very ill within days  of taking it ,  dizziness, nausea, some loss of  feeling in finger tips , build up of  calcium in tendons on hand . Made  an appointment to discuss with doctor  ( two weeks 3 days  earliest that  could be  booked ), week and two days before doctor appointment  sudden loss of  sight in left  eye  due  to a blood  clot behind the Retina ."
"Although this drug is effective for pain; I experienced horrible withdrawls from it.  I was awake for over 30 hours."
"Absolutely awful side effects for me after taking for just 6 days. Insomnia (it&#039;s 4am and I&#039;m wide awake right now, if that tells you anything), diarrhea and vomiting (both of which I had within the past hour), and exacerbating my pre-existing depression and anxiety, inducing a very negative generalised sense of unease and dysphoria. What&#039;s more, apparently it takes months and months to get this poison out of your system entirely, even after taking it for just a few days. If I can deter just one person out there from starting this medication, it&#039;s worth it: this drug is the stuff of nightmares and should be pulled from the market. Buyer beware, it&#039;s not worth the risk. Read all the negative reviews out there."
"I just had my first mirena replaced. I had it for 8 years! It was expired but the doctor said it was ok. After 8 years my periods began to come back. 8 years of no pregnancy, no periods, and no complications. I just had it replaced today and once again it was a horrifically painstaking experience but well worth it. Hopefully this one works for me as well as the last one did."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for a little over 2 months, no bad side effect to report, unless you call loss of appetite and a loss of 20lbs bad. Blood pressure has lowered from 160/89 to 118/76."
"I wish Xifaxan wasn&#039;t so expensive, because it has changed my life. I noticed a huge change in the range of foods that I could eat, and the level of chronic pain and diarrhea I was having, after taking a full course (which left me broke)."
"I suffered years and years of migraines. I had to wrap my head in a rag with alcohol to get some relief. My migraines stopped when I was prescribed Atenolol for high blood pressure. Have only had a couple of mild episodes in two years taking Atenolol. Yey!"
"I started with the 2.5 mg dose and neurologist increased it to 5mg due to the severity of my migraines.  This medicine makes me itch horribly.  I drove my son nuts last night, making him check my bed every few minutes because I just knew there were bugs crawling on me.  I haven&#039;t stopped scratching, I probably look like I have scabies or something.  I need to find out if I can take a benedryl with this.  Also, I&#039;m on the fence about this medicine as it doesn&#039;t always work for me."
"So its been about a month and a half now since I had gotten my IUD inserted. Now the pain for the insertion was about a 5 out of 10. I have never been pregnant and certainly don&#039;t intend to. So I was debating whether or not to do this for almost a year. I knew all the side effects and I went along with it. Probably the best decision I have made. I don&#039;t have to take a pill anymore. I was reading some reviews and it scared me on the pain tolerance but everyone is different! Anyways I&#039;ve had mine in for about a month and a half I am spotting but so far I lOVE IT!!! DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED"
"Cymbalta has been an incredible drug for me.  Since taking Cymbalta, I have been able to enjoy life more, sleep less and feeling more refreshed, reduction in pain, and improved memory and concentration.  Recently, I have been studying for an exam.  This is a hard exam, that I previously had failed before, while not taking Cymbalta.  I started taking Cymbalta, approximately in January.  The months leading up to the exam, I was more focused, and able to concentrate better than I can last remember.  I know that Cymbalta doesn&#039;t treat concentration or memory problems, but I think that sometimes if you are depressed, it can have a severe affect on concentration.  Thank you Cymbalta for helping me in my life."
"Had the 3 shots in 3 weeks. No results until about 2 months later. Very pleased at that time. Six months later, ready for another round of 3 shots &amp; the return of relief."
"OMG I think I&#039;m dying. Have been having bronchial spasms for weeks and stomach had swollen to twice it&#039;s size so I went to Dr and was put on zpac , steroids, neubilizer, singulair and gas x. Four days later I feel 10 times worse. Not sleeping at all due to it causing my chest tighten and bronchial spasms to worsen. Stomach is so naseauated I can&#039;t stand it, severe night sweats and dizziness. Oh yeah and add to that a yeast infection..smh I am pretty much set against another round of doctor visits so fresh garlic for me from now on."
"Agree, unbearable itching almost instantly after tube application #1. 
My Dr. recommended this stuff (Monostat) said it works fine....... she&#039;s insane! How do I get this stuff out of me now!!!!!!!"
"Thank you SCIENCE for this medication! My migraines used to immobilize me and now I finally have relief thanks to this med. Better living through modern science."
"I had Nexplanon for 3 years and didn&#039;t have a period once, it didn&#039;t hurt getting it out in or taken out. I thought that it was making me gain weight but in all honesty I&#039;ve had it out for almost two months and my weight hasn&#039;t gone down so I&#039;m getting it replaced for another 3 years!"
"Tried it for foot pain, diabetic neuropathy, terrible results. Pain increased, had to wash it off. Wash your hands very well after use, even if you don&#039;t see the cream on your hands, some residue may still exist and if you get it in your eyes, it will really burn."
"Other than the expense, this medication is outstanding.  No headaches or nausea for me.  It is the first medication to not only soften and move stool effectively, but it seems to target that awful gas pocket that causes so much agony normally.  I have a twist at the splenic flexure that is so tight, the gastroenterologist could not get the scope through, despite tripling the medications.  So this medicine is a miracle.  Without it, only surgery could get me this comfortable.  Wish I could afford to take it twice a day.  I only do that occasionally.  Still have to use Miralax since I can&#039;t afford to take Amitiza twice a day.  "
"Lexapro saved my life. I have been on this medicine for about 7 weeks now.  At first, I was hesitant because I have tried them all--Effexor (constantly exhausted and edgy), Paxil (worked great for anxiety but had horrible sexual side effects and brain zap feelings), Zoloft (didn&#039;t help), Celexa (helped a little but Lexapro is definitely better for me).  Finally I found one I can rely on! The first week my anxiety got worse, which my doctor warned me of.  Luckily I had Xanax to get me through the first couple weeks. But now, I find myself not needing the Xanax at all anymore. I haven&#039;t had a panic attack since the 2nd week I started this medicine, and I am loving life! Thank you Lexapro."
"I &#039;ve taken paxil in the early 90s .After a bad relationship and drinking lots. It has helped with social anxiety to a point.  But I have gone through crying periods that didn&#039;t seem right. It&#039;s soon to be Jan 1 2016 and I have noticed these electric shocks if I miss a day or 2.  And also my memory has gone to crap as well . Is this drug habit forming Yes I&#039;m a recovering cocaine addict and free base addict.  I got off that but this plays with your brain worse ! We should be compensated for the use as guinea pigs and the torture we face to get off this medicine it does work but too much is unknown. "
"Wonderful. Took 20 mg for the first time and erection was hard rock.   Though I was low on food and alcohol during this time. It really works for me though, I have been diabetic for the last 14 years and am 49 yr old"
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 10 years ago and have watched in horror as the pain has increased each year. I have tried antidepressants with no help. I have tried NSAIDS with no help, including prescription. All of them.  I have tried Vicodin with limited help. Cymbalta helped a little, but made me gain weight. I am currently reconsidering it. As for Lyrica, I started this about 6 months ago and for the first 2 months it was a MIRACLE; however, it was short lived. Once my body gets used to taking a medication, the benefits begin to decrease, eventually dwindling to nothing. Lyrica has been no exception. As for side effects, have weight gain."
"My daughter has used it since she was 6 months old.  However I am unable to consistently give her the treatment because it is too expensive.  It&#039;s too bad that something that can really help to keep kids from suffering costs so much that hardly anyone can afford it. Insurance pays half and I still have to pay $287/mo.  "
"My most noticeable symptom is all-night long sweating.  Otherwise, no other symptoms (!).  I&#039;m aged 75, have had prostate cancer for 4  years, on Zytiga for two years."
"I am going on 65 years old and overweight  and my doctor started me on topiramate ( Topamax) medication on July 1st, 2015 at that time I weighed 318 lbs today is August 20th and I weigh 292 lbs.  I am taking one 20 mg at night and have had no side effects yet!. I do not plan on increasing the dose as I feel there is no need.  I document my calories and hold them at 1100 to 1300 a day. ( I eat very healthy ) I will be checking back with my doctor in the next few months for a follow up. My goal is 133 lbs loss."
"This is the third time I had asthmatic bronchitis and using Levaquin. First time I had been given Biaxin which not only didn&#039;t work but I almost had to be hospitalized. Then prescribed Levaquin and by the fifth day felt 100% better. Side effects get less with each day.(Mine are stomach upset and drowsiness) But without this medicine I would need oxygen. Thanks there are better options."
"Lyrica is the best thing that happened to me in 15 years. I have tried nearly every medication on the planet for my severe anxiety and untreatable depression: SSRI&#039;s, SNRI&#039;s TCA&#039;s, MAOi&#039;s, Benzos, Ketamine infusions, ECT, CBT 
 and many illegal substances with zero help. I&#039;m on 150mg twice a day and it has literally made me a new human, I feel like when I was teenager, before the depression and anxiety started to ruin my life. I expected it to ease my anxiety somewhat, but what I didn&#039;t expect is, that it completely killed it along with the treatment resistant depression, I have no side-effects! Thank you science!"
"I am back to live a normal life.  Almost 2 years ago got depression and anxiety after my divorce and started taking Cymbalta 60 mg. For one year, but was still having problems with anxiety which is one of the side effects of the medicine.  Two weeks ago I started taking Paxil 20 mg at night and I noticed change after a week and today I can say that Paxil gave me my life back.  Please if you start new medicine give it time and you will see light at the end of the tunnel."
"Pristiq has significantly helped my depression.  I am finally able to wake up and get through the day like a normal person!  Initial side effects (first few days to a week): Dizziness, blurred vision, dilated pupils, fatigue, waking up in the middle of the night, jitteriness.  Ongoing side effects: dry mouth, frequent urination, jaw tension, falling asleep earlier than normal, inability to have an orgasm, and decreased appetite.  The side effects can be a bit annoying, but the benefits far outweigh the side effects."
"Worked perfectly"
"I have been on 800mg of Nexavar for thyroid cancer since 6-15-2011. Have had issues with the hand/foot blisters, thinning of hair, and diarrhea and blood pressure. My Oncologist has had me back off the pills several times to try and alleviate some of the blisters, but am off work and decided to just deal with it while off. As of 7-30-2011 the blisters have stopped, but I deal with the peeling and re-peeling of my skin. On blood pressure medicines now and have pills for the diarhea. No appetite loss, and thankfully no nausea. A visual inspection from my Oncologist approx. 1 month after beginning the treatment determined that the pills may be shrinking some of my tumors."
"The first time I took Latuda was in the hospital and I was put on 40 mg. I had a little nausea, but no other side effects. Later my psychiatrist raised the dose to 80 mg. That&#039;s when I started having severe akathisia and vomiting (no weight gain or loss though). It seemed almost intolerable, but I stuck with it for several months. I then switched to Abilify but soon was taken off antipsychotics all together. I was stable for several months, but then started having mania again. Recently, my psychiatrist recommended that I try Latuda at a smaller dose. I was skeptical, but I decided to try it. I love it! The dose is just enough to control my symptoms, and I&#039;ve had no side effects. My new insurance is denying it though, so I&#039;m on samples."
"Geodon has saved my life. Completely crushes my mania. It&#039;s practically cured my irritability, paranoia, suicidal ideations and memory loss. Only side effect is slight lactation."
"This medication totally changed my life. I was previously suffering from intense suicidality and intrusive thoughts, overwhelming social and physical anxiety. After about 1-2 weeks, I noticed a significant improvement. After 4-8 weeks, things were 100% great. My job isn&#039;t the best job to have in the world, but I feel happy to get up and be productive and am proud of working hard. I am happy and confident and wish I would have known about it sooner. The side effects have been minimal, a little bit of restlessness and waking during sleep, not 100% sure if it&#039;s attributable to the medication. Overall from my experience I would completely recommend it."
"I was prescribed citalopram for GAD and thought it was awful. I started on 20mg which did not stop my panic attacks or anxiety levels, this was bumped up to 40mg which made me feel very ill, so brought back down to 20mg. I found this medicine did not help me at all, I had the negative effects with no positive."
"Never saw the tick, but saw a quarter-sized rash with a distinct edge on my leg, so went to my doc immediately. Was put on a 2-wk course (100mg twice daily), Dr told me I could take it with food. Then had 2 wks off it (on vacation, and lab took forever to turn around my blood work). Tested positive for Lyme; Dr put me on 2nd 2-wk course. Since it&#039;s absorbed better on an empty stomach, started taking it that way. No ill effects, no nausea. However, blood tests still positive. Did a 3rd round; still have Lyme disease. Am now on my 4th 2-week round and am seeing a specialist in a few days. Worried that it&#039;s not working, but hopefully I just need a longer course. No side effects other than exhaustion."
"I&#039;ve been on TRT for 10 years, was managed well initially with injections, saw a new MD who switched me to testopel.  I have not had a great response, I am on maximal dosage   2 compounded pellets added.  The levels of Free T I achieve are only good for about a month to month and a half post  implant.  It has been a year since starting them, I do not like them and will request to return to injections.  This is just my experience, I understand it works well for many others.  My T levels total when diagnosed was 54 ng/dl.  I have crashed multiple times going below 90 twice."
"I have been on lo lostrin fe (it is my first birth control pill I&#039;ve ever taken) for about 1 and a half months. This is overall an effective product; although, I&#039;ve been having a few side effects including very light cramping and continuous spotting, which I hope will wear off. I have easily gained 4 lbs (which I wanted to do intentionally) and my mood has been a lot better than before! No PMS or anything. I haven&#039;t once been nauseous while taking this; I always eat right after I take the pill at the same time every morning. I would recommend this to anyone who wants an effective low-dosage contraceptive."
"General Pros:Easy to use and low maintenance, No weight gain (butnever had issues w this), Doesn&#039;t affect my moods.
Below is a timeline with my experiences. Age:22 Note: I have had a lot of acne issues w BC in past.

Feb 2015 (month 1)
-Breasts are fuller
Cons: 
-More acne
-Annoying and sometimes painful when it slides partially out 

Mar-Apr 2015 
-Breasts are still fuller
Cons:
-Still lots of acne 
-Still slides partially out
-No sex drive (sex hurts.. no natural lubrication)
-Excessive discharge 
-Considering changing BC

May &ndash; Jul 2015
-OMG I love my NuvaRing!
-Acne is 99% gone!
-No excessive discharge
-I take NuvaRing out for sex and sex is great!
-Breasts back to reg
Cons:
- falls partially out sometimes"
"I have been on 40mg of this medication for several years now and it has worked very well in treating my Obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety and panic disorders. Over the past 6 or so months, however, I&#039;ve noticed it had become less effective and I eventually experienced the &quot;pop out&quot; effect. I am still taking it until I can see a psychiatrist, but the past few weeks have been agonizing.

Overall, I would recommend it as an effective medication with very few side effects. It&#039;s just too bad it didn&#039;t last longer for me."
"I think everyone is different with their experiences with this product...with that said I love it! I have had it for about 2 months now and I have only experienced one period that lasted 2 weeks. I never thought it would end but it did and I haven&#039;t had one since. I like not having to take a pill because I am the busy and forgetful type. I still do have a scar where they inserted it but it&#039;s discrete. No weight gain and no noticed change in skin and I love that."
"I had a really bad experience with xulane and have since switched to the pill. For the first month or so, I didn&rsquo;t have any dermal reactions to the patch that I noticed. I found them impossible to keep in one place on my body however, and they always slipped around or started coming away from the skin at the edges. I also noticed cramping, and never felt secure that my birth control was effective. For some reason, the worst side effects started occurring after about a month of using it. As soon as I scratched anywhere the patch was located the skin would become red, puff up and secrete a clear fluid. It was gross and left dark marks on my body which are still here a year after. The patches would then come off because of the reaction."
"I gave this medication a 9 despite some uncomfortable side effects because after 6 months of treatment my spine BMD has increased from 3.4 T score to 3.0 T (+ 8 %) but my hip has gotten 5% worse.  I experienced a lot of nausea (especially about 2 hours after shot) but I also experienced about 15 pounds of weight gain.  Shooting pains in my legs and arms occasionally and small bruising around injection spot sometimes.  I am stopping medication for other reasons but I am happy about the 8% gain in my spine after 2 previous painful spinal fractures."
"For myself, I say it&#039;s been a wonder pill. All it does for me is it makes me normal after many years. Never knew it could be possible.  Shift work, odd hours, 30 years of bad intermitant sleep? NOT NO MORE!"
"So I got Nexplanon just under a year ago. I originally got it because it was supposed to stop my period (and mine is generally on the irregular side) and because it was free with my student insurance and lasted 3 years. So my first ~2 months were terrible. I bled every day and it ranged from a regular period flow to spotting that was on the heavy side. Then for the next 6 months it was regular period timings, but they would often last longer than my previous periods had. 7-9 days instead of my usual 4-6. Now, in the last 3 months it seems to have tailed off and my period has stopped, as the product promised it would.
Now that the product is working as promised, I&#039;m extremely happy with it. It just seems to take around a year to settle."
"Let me start by saying that I love this birth control. I started taking it at the age of 14, I&#039;m 24 now, and have never had any pregnancies! I have taken it at 8pm every night, and that has worked wonders. I notice that if I do not eat something with the pill at night, I am WAY more likely to wake up and feel sick. Now that I know what to do it&#039;s not really an issue anymore. I never gained any weight, and didn&#039;t notice any out of ordinary mood swings. Breasts did get bigger though! I tried a generic version of this about 5 years ago and had TERRIBLE results. I&#039;m so scared to try it again, but I can barely afford the $150 it costs every month for this pill. Please lower the price!! It&#039;s a wonderful product!!"
"Stops you from getting pregnant but I have gained so much weight it&#039;s crazy, my periods are basically gone and I&#039;m about to stop taking it."
"I dealt with anxiety and depression for several years. I had high social anxiety, and pleasure in isolation and darkness. I started on one SSRI but the side effects turned me into another person completely, I experienced emotional, spiritual, and creative numbness, weight gain, and overconfidence. So I got off of it because I wasn&#039;t myself anymore. So I tapered off of that and then I got on Lexapro and it immediately took care of my depressive symptoms and anxiety. I bumped up to 20mg after a couple of months and I am perfectly back to normal. I feel like myself. No side effects at all! I highly recommend Lexapro. Just be patient and wait it out."
"I use Frova to prevent menstrual migraines.  I take it when I feel a migraine coming and I know I&rsquo;m close to my period.  Then continue taking it as directed, usually with some Ibuprofen, too, and it eliminates the migraine.  I used to be in bed for 1-2 days around my period because I got such a bad migraine, but now I have it under control.  Also, I have not experienced any side effects.  I order Frova from Canada Drugs because it is expensive even with insurance.  Local pharmacy co-pay was around $500.  Online order was $240."
"I have been living with chronic pain from fibromyalgia for 15 years and have tried all different meds. Subutex is the only med that gave me a quality life ."
"Latuda has changed my life.  I&#039;ve been treated with everything under the sun since I was 20 years old.  Within days of taking the Latuda I felt like a normal person.  I don&#039;t know if I EVER felt so genuinely happy, light-hearted, motivated to make life changes.  It&#039;s like a miracle.  I don&#039;t experience any side effects.  I don&#039;t feel tremendously hungry either, as I have with other anti psychotics.  I only hope it continues to keep my bipolar at bay.

"
"I have been reading reviews for days on many different meds for anxiety. I was put on Effexor and I read reviews and possible side effects and I became too afraid to take it. So I recently spoke to a friend who has been on Zoloft for 2 months and has great results. So today I&#039;m starting 25mg and bumping it up to 50mg in a week. For years I have suffered with anxiety. But over the last couple months I have had 2 panic attacks, 1 of them actually put me in the hospital. The one I had last night I was able to talk myself out of it after about an hour. Now I feel like I&#039;m always waiting for it to happen again. Which causes anxiety.  I&#039;m very afraid of taking meds in fear of side affects. But after last night I&#039;m just gonna do it."
"I started saxenda  on September 16 with 226 lbs now I weight 198 lbs I lost 28 lbs in six weeks!!! No side effects i just  feel a bit hungry at times before bed. I did changed  my diet,no wine,sweets or junk food,also I try to avoid carbs, instead I eat lots of fruits, vegetables and protein in small portions. I alternate the medication every other day 1.8 to 2.4 in the morning.
So far Saxenda has been the best I ever tried. October 28 2016"
"It is great. I take 350mg and only when I need it. I haven&#039;t felt like I could be addicted. Just relaxes the muscles and lets me sleep!"
"I used Suprep one year ago to prep for a colonoscopy, and asked for it again specifically this time around. (Colonoscopy is tomorrow.)

The taste is tolerable. I used a straw and sucked 16 ounces of it down in 3 fell swoops, and chased it with some plain water each time. 

It began to work for me within approximately 20 minutes. I had slight cramping, which is to be expected given the nature of the product. I also got a little chilled, which I suppose has to do with my electrolytes being thrown out of whack. 

All in all this works well for me.  I&rsquo;m just glad that I live in the day and age where a colonoscopy is an easy and available procedure."
"Mucinex D works, but do not take the medicine at night. I cannot get to sleep for nothing, and the heart palpitations are really bothering me."
"I have had nexplanon for 6 months. Having it put in was painless, I had a little bruising and was a little sore for a few days but nothing bad. It was a little swollen and warm, which was to be expected, it healed over well. For the first two months, about a third of the time I had spotting. Since then(last 4 months) I&#039;ve only had a few days of spotting, hoping it stays that way. For the first 4 months, I suffered horrible hot flashes constantly, now they have tapered off. What I really don&#039;t like about it is the awful body acne its given me, and for this reason I am considering having it taken out, but I do really like how convenient and effective it is."
"Have been on Reglan over 1 year. With Reglan I am again able to participate in physical activity without vomiting and nausea AFTERWARDS.
Last week Dr says we still don&#039;t know why when I get over heated or stressed I vomit get light sensitive nausea etc.
Put me on Zofran, blah feel like rubbish with a constant headache now.
What do I do."
"I have taken lisinopril htz for about 10 years, for the past 3 years I&#039;ve had pancreatitis once every year but for the last 6 months I have had 3 episodes and finally my Dr looked up side effects and pancreatitis was indeed one of them. Just in case anyone else is having the same problem. My Dr switched me to a different Bp medication, I feel better with the new meds."
"I&#039;m 18 years old, I&#039;ve been on this birth control (aka bc) since I was 13. I was diagnosed with severe chronic migraines because of my period well one way to stop it was taking this bc, and not getting pregnant. Anyways, it stopped my migraines and headaches I didn&#039;t have cramps much anymore, I use to wear night pads during the day because of how heavy my flow was and now I get my period maybe every 3 months and its only for a couple of days. I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain or hair loss! I love it! But it is different for everyone like when I first got it, I had my period not kidding you, 5 months straight, IT WAS HELL! but after that 5 months I didn&#039;t have a period for over a year! It really works"
"I had a real rough patch of depression and over the last two years I went up from 180lbs to 275 lbs and seemed everything I tried failed.  at 5&#039;10&#039; I was diagnosed as obese, developed high blood pressure, pre-diabetic &amp; cholesterol was high. I couldn&#039;t exercise because I was so winded all the time.     Started on Saxenda November 9.  The goal is to introduce more physical activity as I start to drop the weight that&#039;s contributing to my being winded. 

I&#039;m now up to the 1.8 dose and in the first 18 days I am down 10 lbs.    Better food choices help too. 

Side effects: Slight nausea, fatigue/sleepiness and morning headaches. 

Insurance co considering entitlement because of the other comorbid factors. otherwise it&#039;s damn expensive."
"Don&#039;t let all of the internet stories about painful insertions scare you away from getting a Paragard. I had mine inserted today and it was really no big deal at all. I&#039;m 20 years old and have never had children. I also was NOT on my period when I went in for the procedure. The doctor didn&#039;t instruct me to take any pain killers beforehand, but I went ahead and took 2 Advils one hour before insertion.

The procedure was extremely quick. Its uncomfortable for sure, but I didn&#039;t really feel any pain at all.  You feel stuff going on down there, and you can feel the thing inside your uterus which is weird, but there wasn&#039;t actually any pain. I only felt a slight pinch when IUD was passing through my cervix, but that&#039;s it! Piece of cake."
"Thank you &#039;Drugs.Com&#039;. for your list of severe side effects, I was able to explain to my Dr. why all these side effects that occurred within (3) weeks were the result of Trileptal. High fever, kidney infection with blood in the urine, extremely high PSA (from 0.5 to 13.3), elevated liver labs, positive/reactive for hepatitis B (after several labs, it was confirmed that it was negative), insomnia, total fatigue, etc. And the list continues, again this all happened within (3) weeks. After (2) rounds of antibiotics (PSA dropped down to 2.5), x-rays, cat scans, bladder/kidney tests confirmed that there was nothing wrong with my prostate, kidney or liver. Even after my experience I&#039;m happy so many of you have wonderful results! Good luck to all."
"Works like a charm! Very effective. 

Miserable side effects. I would take this only for emergencies."
"I can&#039;t stand up without it."
"I have been on contrave for a week now and have lost 10 pounds along with a strict diet. I have not been exercising much but want to start. It made me nauseous only once and other than that I have had great results. Controls my appetite and doesn&#039;t let me overeat. I am very happy with this!"
"I have been taking oxycodone for almost a year now for severe back pain. Not only did they not work, but the side effects were terrible!  Really bad constipation and dry mouth so I had to get two other prescriptions for those. Back in June, I was admitted to the ER locally, and at first they gave me morphine after they figure it out that it was acute pancreatitis. Right before the ambulance came to take me down to the VA Hospital in Pittsburgh, they gave me dilaudid  in the IV and within 10 minutes the pain was pretty much gone. So they continued me on it while I was in the hospital and afterwards for my back pain. It&#039;s been the only thing that has helped with both. oxycodone and morphine have no real effect on my pain."
"Wonderful antibiotic did not have any side effects whatsoever. It also cleared my tonsil infection."
"I&#039;ve gotten cold sores since childhood 40+ years ago.  I&#039;ve tried many remedies, Denavir is by far the best I&#039;ve ever used, especially when used at the first sign of an outbreak."
"I tolerated the medication very well.  It actually was kind of pleasant.  However, based on my experience, I would not recommend it.  It made me lethargic and seemed to increase my appetite.  Sure I was comfortable, but it was supposed suppress the appetite, thus lose weight.  
However,  It did reduce the desire to drink a beer or two.  It was very good at that!"
"My experience of the Mirena has been nothing but good. Perviously I was on the pill for less than 5 years, and that worked fine, but I wanted something that I didn&#039;t have to take everyday and refill every month. Getting the Mirena inserted wasn&#039;t any worse than period cramps, and very quick. Afterwards I had very slight cramping (didn&#039;t even need to take pain killers) and spotting for 3-4 days, then everything went back to normal - no cramps, no spotting. The string is not noticeable at all by my husband, it even took me a second to find it when I check the strings to make sure the Mirena is still in place (which you are supposed to do every month)."
"I have been on this pill for 5 months and have put on 8 pounds which is very uncommon for me. I also have zero sex drive. I am getting off this pill immediately. I&#039;m going back to a regular monthly period pill."
"I took Sprintec for two weeks and couldn&#039;t stand the side effects any longer. They seemed to help me get a grip on my hormone levels but I became overly depressed and for two nights, sat awake and contemplated suicide. I cried for an entire night. I discontinued Sprintec the next day and haven&#039;t had the severe depression or suicidal thoughts. Never ever again will I take Sprintec. The side effects are NOT worth it!"
"The first month I got nexpanon on in my arm I had some bad side effects like back pain cramps and nausea  but after that first month I didn&#039;t have any other side effects I did have a longer period I usually had literally a 3 day period in the first month of using nexplanon on I had it for two weeks but then I would miss periods or they would be short and now I don&#039;t get them at all I think it takes up too atheist 3 months for it to settle in your body which is why I was having some bad side affects but now I love it and it really at depends on  your body as we are all so different  ...So before you decide to get rid of it wait at least 3 months and if you don&#039;t like it after that remove it try something else."
"Have been using Benicar 20mg for a couple of years now (age 47). Slight dizziness first week after hard exercise in sun (bike riding up steep hill, singles tennis in 85 degree sun). Doctor suggested taking at night before bedtime. Now no problems. Was 140 /95 . Now 122/70 still exercising (tennis, biking) 3-4 days per week without dizziness. Feels like no side effects. Love it."
"This pill was horrible! I got cysts and had terrible bleeding and pain and was very moody on it. "
"I was taking Percocet for Facial and Scalp Neuralgia - very similar to Trigeminal Neuralgia 2 (TN2 or ATN) but instead of just face, nearly my whole scalp can have nerve pain. I was referred to a pain control specialists who initially put me on Nucynta ER. It was far less effective then the Percocet. Since I have a history of problems with extended release (ER) versions, I begged them to let me try the IR version instead. VIOLA! Real pain relief. I&#039;ve been able to lower my overall monthly allotment of pills. I feel so blessed to have such good pain control."
"Constant bloating, my breast have grown from a small C to large D. Gained about 20 lbs since March. I have no bleeding but I do get acne and cramping."
"I started birth control because I was sexually active. I started using Ortho Tri Cyclen, but 2 years after using, I began having very bad Cystic Acne. At this point I was no longer sexually active but needed a bc to help my acne problem. My doctor recommended Yaz and my pharmacy gave my Loryna because it was in my insurance budget. After 2 months of taking this pill consistently, my acne stayed the same, I also started to experience stomach discomfort and bad migraines atleast 2x a week. Now on the 3rd month, my acne is the worst it&#039;s ever been, same with my migraines. I also have gained 11lbs since the first month I started Loryna (&amp; I&#039;m a VERY active person). It is very discouraging. Any advice?"
"So I had the mirena put in about 2 years ago after migraines and worsening of depression made practically every other contraceptive contraindicated for me. 
The mirena left me with spotting for a few weeks, and light periods for a couple of months but since then I have only had about 3 tiny bleeds over the last 2 years! 
I have also been on the implant in the past, which left me constantly spotting brown blood for 6-8 months at a time. It was horrible for me and my partner, but now nothing!
However despite eating healthier than before &amp; exercising more I did gain 8 pounds that I haven&#039;t been able to shift. I also put weight on much easier. 4 of my friends had the mirena removed due to weight gain and when removed immediately lost it all!"
"I was suffering from acne since childhood.I tried Accutane but doesn&#039;t work for me.Tried any kind of drugs and creams prescribed by Dermatologist but nothing works.Recently I went to one dermatologist its Hospital Base clinic and she prescribed me Bactrim DS.I took it for a week and suddenly I just felt terrible I had severe fever and chills and after two days I noticed the rash all over my body I thought it&#039;s measles.but ouch! tachycardic,dehydration for just a week.When I visit my derma she said its Bactrim allergy.The bad thing is she has to send me to the Emergency.

I was so happy at first because Bactrim cleared my acne in just a week but in the end it&#039;s horrible feeling that I almost dead."
"Great for any type of yeast infection. I always take it or give it to my toddler when either of us gets put on antibiotics."
"I started taking Bactrim on a Tuesday. By Wednesday I was depressed and had terrible knots in my stomach. I was going to bathroom almost every hours and had hives all day and night. Thursday, I felt a lot better and my symptoms were mostly relieved as well. I thought it worth the hives and frequent bathroom breaks. On Friday my lips, gums, tongue and face were all swollen. I didn&#039;t think it was the medication at all. Doc&#039;s nurse called to tell me that my culture came back and that they are switching my medicine.

When I changed the medicine on Saturday I had sores in my mouth along with the swollen gums. I made a dental appointment thinking that it is due to an immunization problem, by Sunday I called my doctor and learnt that I developed allergies."
"Very effective. I had very low numbers and bad muscle aches that made it difficult to walk more than a few blocks. I considered this almost a miracle because it helped so much, so fast. I have found men hate the smell and women love it. Women say, &quot;I don&#039;t know what you have on but you sure smell good.&quot; On the other hand in a group of men, I see them moving their chairs to get further away from me. No comments, they just move. No known side effects for me."
"Restoril really helped me sleep.  Sleeplessness was the cause of fibromyalgia for me and my rheumatologist prescribed it and I was able to sleep and deal with physical pain. What he did not tell me at all was the potential dangers of it. DO NOT drink and take it. You could die because it can cause your respiratory system to shut down.  If you have taken it a long time, DO NOT wean yourself off abruptly.  You could have seizures.  I am being slowly weaned off of it by a doctor who is alternating dosages from 15 mg. to 30 mg. per night. I plan on giving myself plenty of time to get off of it.  Be careful which medicines you use with it such as anti-inflammatories. They can increase the effects of the medicine without your expecting it."
"Doctor gave me citalopram as I was having really bad anxiety attacks, the first 2-3 days were awful, I kept being sick, felt so tired, dry mouth and bad headaches. It is now just starting to work for me I am on 10mg. Got to give it time to work."
"I have been taking Enbrel for 6 months now and I haven&#039;t looked back. The side effects have been minimal. Without Enbrel I am quite sure I would be in a wheel chair. I was getting very depressed, I couldn&#039;t live a normal life and I couldn&#039;t walk. I would shuffle around and in great pain also. I can 100% recommend Enbrel to sufferers of Ankylosing Spondylitis. I was very scared of giving myself an injection every month but the discomfort is minimal. I wouldn&#039;t care if it cost me $1000 per month it is well worth it."
"My son was diagnosed with Tourette syndrome at the age of 6 and he is now 12. He has taken everything clonidine, klonipin, seizure meds, topmax, haloperidol, and a host of other meds at first the Orap was a God send because he went from a lot of meds to only 3 meds. His doctor had a hard time getting approval at first because he wasn&#039;t quite 10 yet, but after the approval, for the first 6 months it worked well, my son began to gain a little weight but it was a good thing because he lost so much with the other meds but after that first 6 months his tics began to increase."
"Been on Camrese for about 3 years, after trying 2 other birth controls. For the first two months you will have a lot of spotting, but if you push through those two months it goes away completely. I haven&#039;t had any spotting in months and used to have an extremely heavy period. I have endometriosis and this pill helps a lot. If I forget a day by accident, I will have endo pain the next day almost immediately. I did use to break out the first few months as well, but not anything anymore. No weight gain or any other side effects."
"Used nuvessa a few nights ago for recurrent BV . Has worked so far. If it does not come back I will get back on and give it a 10 rating. My prob is it always comes back. Will let you know later...."
"I was on this pill for about a year and a half, and at first I would have light spotting for normally a month or so which was quite annoying, however it was light enough to tolerate. After being on this pill for about 3 cycles, I discovered the trick to getting rid of the spotting is to take it within the hour every day. My periods were 3 days long on the dot when I was on my inactive pills, and we&#039;re not too heavy. Considering I never missed a pill in the whole time I was on this and did not get pregnant with a regular sex life and not using another form of contraception, it does seem to be very effective. With my last cycle taking it always within an hour, I had almost no spotting at all."
"I have been on Plavix for a little over 5 years. It was prescribed by my Cardioligst following a vascular blockage and placement of a stent. Other than bruising and bleeding at the slightest contact, I have had no known side effects. I give Plavix a 10 because I am still kicking at 73."
"Savella has changed my life. I can&#039;t believe that I do not have anymore pain after 15 years. My legs, and arms would ache me so bad. I would cry day after day. The only thing I hate is the out of pocket money I have to pay, because of insurance not wanting to pay. They wanted me to try the other drugs first. Was not on their list I guess UnitedHealthCare. They approved, but I still have to pay a lot."
"I&#039;d been having problems with insomnia and anxiety, both conditions feeding off each other and making the other worse and creating mild depression. My GP prescribed 0.5mg to be taken at bed time as needed, to be increased to 1mg if needed (only gave me 14 tablets as they are habit forming). Amazing results! I slept through the night and woke feeling calm and NORMAL for the whole next day AND the day after! I&#039;ve taken 3 doses in the last 11 days, and took 1mg after a particularly stressful day with the same good results. No side effects of note except for a very mild headache 24 hours after the first dose. 

I&#039;m expecting to have a decreased need for these after starting a new job in the next week but so happy to have them to get me through."
"If I could give this birth control a 0 I would because of the side effects.  I have been on it for almost 3 months and I have developed horrible acne all over my chin and side of my cheek. It is red, bumpy, and painful. Makeup won&#039;t even cover it effectively. It looks like I have some sort of skin disease. Nothing helps it to go away. I am intensely moody all  the time and cry almost daily. I have constant bloating and seem to be gaining weight even though I have not changed my diet or exercise amount. Stopping this immediately and going back to Tri-cyclen. I wish I had never taken this."
"I had extreme vision changes, loss of memory, extreme depression with long crying spells, anger, and suicidal thoughts. I have tried it at 3 different points in my life and have had the same experience each time...NOT GOOD. I tried the medication 3 times because the doctor and I thought that perhaps the side effects were from a mix of other medications I took with the pill. I did have weight loss but it was not worth it at all. I could barely drive and soft drinks (although not really important) tasted amazingly disgusting. I had no warning about all of the things I might experience and it was horrible trying to teach middle school, raise two young children, do daily tasks, and drive. I&#039;ve had friends get divorced due to side effects."
"I was born with a club foot, my legs aren&#039;t the same length so I&#039;ve had back pain since I can remember. I&#039;ve always had a hard time when it came to bed time, my pain would be in pain that it would keep me up. My doctor gave me Xanax and perscribed pain killers. I got married was stationed somewhere else and had to get a new doctor, she said she would start me in muscle relaxer and ibuprofen. I was given cyclobenzaprine for muscle relaxer. It was such a change that I feel like it doesn&#039;t do a thing for me whatsoever."
"I can still remember that appointment were I started laughing by myself like a crazy person at the doctors office because the itch was finally gone, all those sleepless nights, all the sleeping drugs, all the oozing, bleeding, cleaning the floors several times a day were gone!!! I got my life back!!!! I certainly do not miss the bleach baths!!
I suffered SEVERE eczema for 5 years with no diagnosis for 3, no answer with any medication.
I am one of the lucky ones who entered the clinical trials since July 2014, felt the difference after first dosage, clear skin after a month, I know my skin will NEVER be normal, but thanks to this drug I have a normal life again!!! so blessed."
"Can&#039;t sleep. All other things are good."
"Two herniated disks in cervical spine, too much acetaminophen for me, but definitely eased my pain. 
It really helped me play and take care of my daughter with much ease of pain."
"When I first started this medication the whole first month I would feel super nauseous and sick. This continued for about a month. I had no spotting at all until the 3rd month. My spotting lasted about 3 weeks until I finished my first 3 months and had my first period. Those would be the only down sides this has given me. The positives though are that I have had zero cramps which is huge considering I used to have horrible ones. It has also cleared up all my acne and my periods only last about 3 days. I have been on this for about 5 months now and it is great to me."
"In the sense of clearing skin, yes it did amazing, 
Almost to good to be true. I honestly told everyone about it.
I took it for 6 months,
Later that year I self harmed for the first time, this continued for years after taking Accutane I&#039;ve suffered from depression, my weight starting changing dramatically I went from almost 200 to just just below 100 back up to 170 in a short amount of time. Around that time I was checked into an eating disorder center. The depression plus eating issues and lack of energy I looked for another way to be okay, I started on street drugs to control my depression, before Accutane I was such a happy guy, I know it&#039;s discounted, and for good reason too I just thought people might be able to relate."
"I have been on tramadol for for years first giving to me for pain. It is an incredible pain medicine that gives me so much energy and makes my anxiety and occasional depression non existent, however, I have tried so many times to get off because I am now completely addicted. When I want to get off, even taper down enough to get off, I get the most horrible lightening zapping going thru my brain along with other withdrawals. It is an incredible drug for pain and depression BUT be careful if u stay on for a long period of time u will become a prisoner just like any other pain, depression medicine and the withdrawals are ugly."
"This is a miracle drug for my husband. This drug saved his life."
"I started taking 50mg of Zoloft about 6 months ago.  I started taking it for depression, stress/anxiety.  It does the trick but there are two side effects I don&#039;t like.  First I have put on weight and second climaxing is near impossible.  "
"well I started with phentermine 37.5 mg June 28 2016...it is now July 26 2016  and im down 23 pounds .....start weight 302 I actually did a weigh in today and I was 279... I was skeptical first cause I herd about all the side affects but I really wanted to lose weight and im glad I trusted my self the only side effects I have had is dry mouth and constipation my legs are a little jittery every now and then but I sleep really good at night.....I walk/run 3 miles every day and I already lost 5 % of body fat every person body is different .....I will highly recommend this pill"
"i decided on Implanon instead of pills I&#039;m horrible with remembering to take them I got mine in 09 had it removed mid October 2014 Implanon works amazing as a form of protection. However I did have crazy side effects I guess that&#039;s the cost of prevention. I instantly gained 15 pounds i hardly ever got periods Maybe every 6-7 months rarely had them went a whole yr with out period but had severe cramps.I was Very hormonal but I will say even though I had all these problems Implanon did what it was supposed to do and I do not regret getting it 3 months after getting it removed I became pregnant with my first child. every womens body is different so everyone experience is going to be different."
"I&#039;ve been on the 50 mcg fentanyl patches for approx. 10 years. I&#039;ve found out using the Mylan brand covered with a Tuff strip extra large size Band Aid (cloth or waterproof type) stays in place for the 3 day period very well. The patch is the same size as the cotton square on the Band aids."
"Miracle drug.  My son (age 35) has had gout since he was 16.  He had gotten so bad that he literally could not get out of the house without crawling.  His quality of life was limited and I was beginning to worry about his mental state.  After 12 treatments, not only was he walking but he was able to dance with his daughter at my wedding. We&#039;re hoping for a maintenance program now. Thank You!"
"The month I was on Paxil was the worst month of my life. It made me even more depressed and I just felt an intense numbingness along with severe nausea and when I sleep I absolutely knock out for far too long. It also lead to crazy stomach pain that persisted for months until I took an antibiotic. Not for me or probably any one. Just terrible."
"First of all girls, don&#039;t worry about not getting a period while on birth control pills. It&#039;s only breakthrough bleeding, not an actual real period at all. I may spot for a day every couple of months on this pill, so my boyfriend definitely likes this.  I&#039;ve taken it for about a year and a half. Only complaint I have is that it costs more than generic, but otherwise I am very happy with it.  On the 4 days a month I don&#039;t take it, I may have some mild constipation and moodiness but that&#039;s it (and that&#039;s from not taking the pill those days)."
"45 years old.  Original test 160.  Two pumps of 1.62 a day retested after 2 months tested 492."
"From one who judged harshly people taking this kind of medication I now find myself taking it for the last 3 years. It does not eliminate the pain however it does take it from a 9 to a more tolerable 3 or 4. I am and have been very concerned in regards to addiction and will periodically take myself off for 3 or 4 days, of course the pain is terrible but I need to know I can go without taking it just in extreme pain and can&#039;t ambulate without it. I call it my mini test. "
"I&#039;ve been on Prozac for a little over a year for depression and anxiety. I&#039;m on 20mg since I was 14. Personally I think it was too much for my system when I first started taking it. I was like an ADHD child. Couldn&#039;t calm down. Jumping around everywhere and could barely sleep at night. And with me being a 100lb 14 year old; my mother thought so too. Now that I&#039;m 16, I think this medication isn&#039;t working for me anymore. I&#039;m becoming more and more depressed and my anxiety level is at its highest. I keep having panic attacks also. Prozac was amazing for me up til now. But I do believe that my body has gotten used to this medication. I&#039;m talking to my doctor soon as possible to maybe raise my dosage."
"I was diagnosed 3 years ago with severe Ulcerative Colitis. Asacol and predisone worked at first, but after each outbreak the medicines seemed less effective. My last attack left me under 100lbs, severely anemic, and in enough pain that I needed to be kept in a continuous Dilaudid-induced daze. So many people have told me how terrible Remicade is and that I just need to, &quot;find the right diet&quot;. If diet works for you, great! Remicade was the only thing that worked for me. The cons: It&#039;s expensive, but luckily my insurance covers it. It&#039;s inconvenient to go to the hospital every 6 weeks. I havn&#039;t noticed any side effects except hair loss at first, but now my hair is growing back. I&#039;ve been told that the hair loss could also have been from all the weight loss."
"I have fibromyalgia and for the past year, I&#039;ve been struggling with pain.  My doctor was very hesitant about giving me percocet, being that I am only 22 and was without diagnosis for awhile, but after being diagnosed, has given it to me without a problem.  It works wonders, and although it doesn&#039;t last as long as I would prefer it to, it makes it so that I can resume some normal activity.  My life is back for the most part."
"I started this pill 4 months ago, and my hair is breaking badly. I have mood swings very very badly.  Also I&#039;m totally emotional all the time.  You would think I was pregnant, no sex drive and my husband is fed up with it! "
"I was prescribed Blisovi 24 Fe after my insurance decided not to cover Minastrin 24 Fe. I have taken Blisovi for about 8 days now and I have had TERRIBLE side effects. My breasts and nipples are in extreme pain all day, bad headaches, and today I fainted. Earlier today I was speaking to a peer and all of a sudden broke out into an entire body sweat, got extremely light headed, and extremely nauseous. My blood pressure was taken immediately after my fainting spell and it read 85/60. I&#039;m typically anywhere from 110-115/75-80. I will no longer be taking this medication due to the side effects. I told myself I would try it for a month but after the fainting spell today I will no longer be taking Blisovi 24 Fe."
"Having developed increasingly severe asthma symptoms over the last year, I was up to using ventolin daily with little relief.  Today I finally went to the doctor who immediately put my on Symbicort.  I took my first dose just 1 hour ago and this stuff clearly works well.  I wasn&#039;t even feeling particularly tight when I took the first dose but within minutes my breathing was noticeably easier.  I will post again once I have been on it for a few weeks but so far my expectations have been exceeded."
"I have been taking this since december and no results
i dont find it helps at all but rather makes me hungrier"
"I&#039;ve been begging for years to take an anti anxiety medication. I was initially diagnosed with depression &amp; anxiety. My neurologist increased my Effexor from 75mg to 150mg/day to treat the numbness and tingling in my feet due to diabetes. I became manic with my driving and spending habits. I was then re-diagnosed as being bipolar. I went years without anxiety medication and had several trips to the hospital with anxiety attacks that felt more like heart attacks. 
I was put on Buspar and took my first dose last night. This morning I couldn&#039;t find my wig. I ended up late to work in hopes of locating it. It&#039;s not where I left it and I wonder if I was sleep walking. Anyone experience anything similar?"
"Thanks for sharing about the hair loss after several months on the medication.  I had the same experience.  I thought it was helping me with water retention and joint aches but I got carpal tunnel syndrome and had significant hair loss, and I coming to realize it may be from Jolivette.  "
"I was taking this for three months and will be switching. I&#039;ve had &quot;spotting&quot; for about 2.5 months (some days worse than others), and I feel as though I am overly emotional and anxious on it. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s due to BC, but I also feel as though it&#039;s causing my hair to fall out much more rapidly. Giving it a 3 only because I didn&#039;t gain weight while taking it, which was a concern for me."
"I&#039;m 17, and this is the first type of birth control I&#039;ve tried. I got it inserted in October of 2013, and have been bleeding ever since. It&#039;s not heavy, and I don&#039;t experience any cramps. Although it&#039;s still a huge annoyance. I have experienced a lot more acne problems than before, I had completely clear skin, and now I get painful, large pimples. I have gained a little weight, but I&#039;m quite skinny, so I don&#039;t mind. I haven&#039;t noticed any more mood swings than normal, I am a teenager and that teds to happen a lot anyway.  
I&#039;ve had it in for about 5 months, and my doctor told me I might experience bleeding for up to 6 months. If it continues after 6 months I plan on getting it removed."
"zarah was my first form of birth control. ive been on it for about 4 months and it&#039;s been pretty only a bad expirence. I&#039;ve became very depressed and anxious. I am naturally fairly moody... but this has been terrible. It made me think my boyfriend was a monster. I would yell at him and in my head I. would blame all my depression on him and &quot;how he treated me&quot; which was fine. it the pill made me thing otherwise. it did clear up my skin and I&#039;ve actually lost weight... but not worth it because my mental health is so poor. I&#039;m very very sad and emotional ALL the time. it&#039;s not only sometime. I need to make a switch soon to a different one. don&#039;t recommend because of how I feel about myself and others. makes you very depressed can&#039;t stress it"
"This did nothing to relieve my back pain or migraines. It was useless an a waste of money."
"I started taking Minastrin October 2015. I lost weight taking this pill, have had great skin, and I don&#039;t really have a period. I am 24 years old and have one child. This pill has been great so far, but after reading other people&#039;s experiences with side effects I feel relieved knowing that I&#039;m not the only one that has frequent mood swings the week before I start my placebo pills. I don&#039;t take my pill at the same time everyday. Overall this has been a great contraceptive."
"Losing weight slowly, full head of hair grown back, eyebrows back, sleeping much better, and skin conditions calming down."
"Best med for bacteria inbalance in the Vijay jay.  It stopped the terrible smell I was getting from my ph-imbalance just that it gave me diarrhea,  stomach cramps n metallic taste in the mouth but who cares about those when u have a clean Vijay jay? 
Also I stopped having pimples while on the meds I don&#039;t know if it will come back after I stop but hey I love this med it works great"
"I dont know what I am doing wrong, but it is not working for me. I am gaining weight. It has not decreased my appetite at all."
"Works better than others for me.  Also, no interaction with Tylenol."
"I would get cold sores all the time so finally my doctor recommended valtrex. I only took it once and have not had a cold sore since! It&#039;s been a year!"
"I did research before deciding on the shot. I was well aware of the weight gain and the irregular periods before going on it. I considered it to help me with the pain I get from PCOS and I gotta say I don&#039;t hate it but I don&#039;t love it. It has a different effect for most females and I would definitely see a medical provider before attempting the first injection. For me, I got my period a week after the shot and I went for about a week, the second month was spotting for almost 3 weeks, the third month was spotting for 2. I went in for my second injection after being warned that the spotting is a normal occurrence as long as it is not followed by pain and that the DEPO doesn&#039;t work overnight. I haven&#039;t had a problem yet."
"This medication saved my life. I had allergic reactions to some medications and was afraid that I would never find something to help me."
"I only use this medication if I have a cold sore forming on my lip. Valtrex ( valacyclovir ) greatly reduces the healing time as it keeps the cold sore from getting larger if taken upon onset of &quot;tingle&quot; sensation. In the long run helps prevent scaring on my face."
"I&#039;m 19 years old and I&#039;ve been getting cold sores ever since I was young...the last few years I would get them a couple times a month sometimes a new one every week. I&#039;ve been taking valtrex for a few months now and I&#039;ve gotten only 3 times (which is a major improvement) because I was sick and my immune system was down. But they went away after a day or so. I&#039;m so so happy"
"I started it freshman year of high school because it would clear up my acne (not bad case of acne at all) But I went on it and it worked. I saw that my skin was clearing up and I was very pleased with it.

I had my first serious relationship freshman year of college and thought the pill would help if anything were to happen with that I was at least being safe, if anything were to get to that point of the relationship.

I see a lot of people saying they were moody that isn&#039;t the case at all with me. I was fine when TOM made his visit I would get on the first day I would get the occasional cramp then it would go away. My mood never change, I was still happy and healthy.

See what your doctor recommends, every pills is different for everyone."
"I have been trying lose weight since I had my son two years ago. I worked out with no results. I have been taking Adipex for two and a half weeks and I have lost 13 lbs. I had a big burst of energy the first day I took Adipex, but could not sleep that night.  The next day I did not have any side effects or burst of energy. The only problem I still have is the dry mouth.  This has been a miracle drug."
"I love this so far I have had it for a year!!! I have not had a period the whole time which is amazing!!!!! No side effects for me I can&#039;t complain at all I will deff get this again after my 3 years is over!!!!!!!"
"I have been using Veltin gel for a week now. I haven&#039;t had any of the side effects. I use Veltin at night after washing with Cetaphil daily facial wash. I also take 50 mg of doxycycline hyclate twice a day. As a former Proactiv user, this is wonderful. I will not waste anymore money on Proactiv or any other over the counter acne medication."
"I have suffered from chronic pain since I was 19. I&#039;ve taken just about everything available to treat this curse. After about 5 years of refusing Gabapentin, I finally tried it. Don&#039;t let the side effects scare you, try it for at least a week and let your body and mind get used to it. This stuff really works for pain relief. Also, the combination of this with your narcotic pain relievers will help greatly. The key to treating pain is moderation and avoiding alchohol. I have had great success combining my pain reliever with this and Naproxen or APAP. Help with depression , mood and sleeping. Some side effects can be dizziness. As your body gets used to this it will start working subtly and relieve your pain and help you rest."
"I took Plan B with 6 hours of having unprotected sex. Long story short, it worked. Long story long...I have had regular periods for as long as I can remember. I&#039;ve had 26 days on my cycle and am a day late at the most (I keep track with the Period Tracker on my iPhone for over two years). Well my period did not come on day 26...or 27...or 28.. But on day 31 so my period was 4 days late which may not seem crazy but for someone who is always on time it was pretty scary. So I read a lot of reviews where girls get their periods early so I wanted to comfort those who are late after taking Plan B. side effects after 1st pill: fatigue, after second pill 12 hrs later: no side effects."
"I want to I really say people should wait at least 3 months before they rate Deplin or any psychiatric medicine, unless you have some major horrible reaction. Deplin gave me a kick start the first week I took it for some reason but then the effects disappeared.  I talked to the P-doc and he said it takes something like 6 weeks to build up in your system. Well after about 6 weeks or so I started to notice the effects. It gave my Wellbutrin a huge boost and my energy level rose through the roof. People rating a medicine after 2 days is just ridiculous and annoying. Even the SSRI&#039;s take a couple weeks to work. Stop it people."
"I have had asthma all my life. As I got older it has worsened. I was continuously on steroids. I&#039;m 1 1/2 years post op of my Bronchial Thermoplasty (BT) procedures. 
I receive Xolair once a month. To be honest it was the best decision I&#039;ve made. My asthma has remarkably improved and I&#039;m living a life I thought I&#039;d never have. I went dancing and I actually stayed up on the dance floor waiting for the next song. I&#039;m able to go motorcycling and not worry how long I can stay out if I&#039;m going to get winded, where I&#039;m in need of a nebulizer treatment.  
I&#039;m fully aware I still have asthma, where I go my rescue inhalers and my EpiPen go with me. 
I&#039;m now enjoying my life thanks to BT and XOLAIR."
"I took this for a little over a year before stopping it. I was on Minastrin (insurance stopped covering). Got switched to Gildess &amp; was fine until they discontinued it. Then came this horrible monster. The pharmacy ensured me it was the same thing, but I didn&#039;t feel this awful on the other 2. For months I wondered why my mood was so awful. I would snap at everything &amp; I would cry for no reason. I started feeling horribly depressed. The one way this pill prevented me from getting pregnant was by completely killing my libido. I started taking it to get my hormonal acne under control, but I think I&#039;d rather deal with the acne than these side effects."
".Scariest drug reaction I have ever had.   Started with being awakened by difficulty breathing (middle of night).  took some antihistamines, and tried slow controlled breaths;  then used an inhaler.   Frequent urination (really frequent  with some leakage!).   
   By morning had sores in mouth from the swelling,  red tissues in mouth, swollen eyelids, lips and face.   Started a fever which went up to 103,  Then got big leopard spots all over (why not, in Africa?)
   a pharmacist in our group insisted this must be anything  but the Malarone because even he and his wife were taking it.!!!  Don&#039;t listen to people like that, almost continued to take it.  Horrible experience, quit it and did not get malaria which would have been preferable."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for 11 days now, starting the 1st pill in the pack the first day my period started (Sunday). I&#039;ve now had my period a full 11 days and it&#039;s starting to get really annoying. My sex drive has decreased a bit, I have vaginal itching, burning and redness, and I find myself becoming frequently dizzy. My breasts have become extra sensitive and seem much fuller than normal, my acne/ clearing of face seems the same as before taking the pill, but my mood swings have been the worst. One moment I want to cry, the next moment I&#039;m cheerful and happy towards everyone. "
"I started taking this Nov 27, 2013 for ovarian cysts.  I also have been having issues with acne for about 2 yrs.  I am 21.  As of Jan 14 all my cysts are gone, my acne has improved although not resolved.  I have gained only 5 lbs, but have increased a whole breast size.  I have a some headaches, but Advil takes care of that.  My main issue is some moodiness, however weighing the pros and cons there are pros.  All in all it hasn&#039;t been bad at all."
"My wife&#039;s main tumors in her lungs and liver were 75% smaller last month as indicated by CT.  The number of tumors remained unchanged.  She has shown an increase in the size and amount of bone tumors in her spine, however.  She will be undergoing cyber knife treatments for tumors on L2-L5 in the next two weeks.  Hopefully, she will have a good outcome."
"I didn&#039;t know anything about Mirena except that it was a little T-shaped piece of plastic that lasts for 5 years.  So I chose to get it. I&#039;ve had slight occasional cramping and rare bleeding that&#039;s very light and only lasts a few hours when it does occur.  I&#039;ve had it in for about 2 1/2 years.  The only scary thing is reading the horror stories all these women have about it.  I have had no problems since it&#039;s insertion aside from terrible cramping for about a half hour while my cervix adjusted to it once it was put in.  I know that as long as nothing bad ends up happening that I&#039;ll be having it replaced once my 5 years is up.  I love Mirena."
"Fantastic- you can no longer see my scalp in the front. I am going to try it on my eyebrows!  It&#039;s not often a product works as promised- but it did for me. I lost hair at 50 and am now 54. I will continue to use Rogaine for women."
"I went on yaz about 2 to 3 years ago to cure acne and very heavy periods. It worked brilliantly for both but it has caused extreme weight gain for me. I gained 10kg (around 20lbs) in the first few months and now I am considered overweight on the BMI for the first time in my life. I have tried everything from gym to cutting out carbs and can&#039;t lose any weight. I put this down to being a Estrogen Dominant pill. I just had my period and do not plan to go back on it."
"Hi today is nov 12 2013. I started taking phentermine 37.5 on nov 6 2013 my weight on the 6 th was 198lbs. Today i am 191.. I have not worked out on the pill because i have a cousin who lost 50lbs without working out.. I eat 3 small meals a day and 2 snacks. I Don&#039;t eat after 6 pm and i drink plently of water. No juice or soada.. My question is to all who has taking phentermine 37.5 along with a b12 pill once a week. Will this pill continue to work like this?? I am getting married in 6 months and i am so worried because i would love to get down to 150lbs by that time.. I plan to get of this pill in 3 months.. I have been loosing so quick and it has not been a week yet..My weight loss doctor prescribed them to me."
"I was on Adderal at 9, it worked okay. Then I was taken off treatment until the age of 19. I&#039;ve been on it for a couple of weeks. I can tell that my focus is starting to get better and I notice that when I do certain chores around the house I do them to such depths and extremes. "
"Excellent product."
"Absolutely terrible. I would never recommend this to anyone. I had this in for almost 3 years and was a completely different person. My mood swings were horrible and I bled all the time. I had it taken out a month ago and already feel better. I had to change doctor&#039;s because I was ready to have a hysterectomy done I was so miserable. He told me he would never recommend this and has never put one in because it makes you bloated, bleed and hormonal. I&#039;ve since changed to Nuvaring and have been happy with that."
"I have nerve damage and muscle pain.I absolutely love this drug. It gets rid of ALL my pain in my back, shoulder, and neck. I take it along with gabepentin."
"The first few days on the medication I was sweaty, more agitated and slept alot. I lost six pounds within the first week, was nauseous and had no appetite. I had a lot of doubt and thought to myself it would go away. I stayed away from most everyone because I felt my mood swings. Today marks the second week. I switched to the night time until this past weekend because it made me sleep like a rock (I have really bad insomnia). I just started taking it during the day and it makes me slightly drowsy, but nothing I can&#039;t push through. I just think that maybe I am less stressed now and more relaxed. So, not drowsy.....just calm, hopefully. Not sure. I&#039;ve always been a work hard and told I don&#039;t relax (runs in my genes). I am getting more done."
"I have been on this for about 2 years, I barely get any periods mostly just spotting, no weight gain, you don&#039;t have to think about it but every other three years, and it just goes in your arm. I think it&#039;s the best birth control out there for now. I think it is perfect for me but everyone&#039;s body will react differently."
"I have had my Mirena in now for about a year and I couldn&#039;t be happier. I am a mother of two young children and wanted a fool proof method of birth control as the idea of possibly having a third scared me! I decided to try out Mirena since I was terrible at remembering to take the pill. I am not going to lie. I think the worst part about the IUD was the pain following insertion. I had really intense cramping after insertion that lasted for a full day. After that I bled for weeks. The bleeding eventually stopped and now I don&#039;t have periods. I haven&#039;t gained any weight or had problems with acne, mood or libido. Most of the time I forget I even have it. I would recommend the Mirena."
"I&#039;m not pregnant, my skin is clear, my period is lighter/shorter, my cramps are gone, and I lost weight!!!! I tried four other birth controls before this one and I hated all of them because of the side effects, but this is amazing."
"It worked for me! Had to keep increasing dosage about every other month. Wasn&#039;t putting me out like it was in the beginning. Started out at 75mg, now I&#039;m at 200."
"Living with a depressed husband and my parents passing within 16 months of each other threw me into two years of depression.  When I finally sought help, my doctor put me on generic Celexa.  Within a month, I felt a lot better; however, I was nauseous and woke up at 3am for the first 3 months.  I&#039;m glad I stuck it out because after that, I was fine for about 2 years when it stopped working.  Over the past 3 years I have tried 3 other anti depressants but nothing has worked or they increased my blood pressure so my doctor suggested trying Celexa again.  I&#039;m hoping I won&#039;t have the side effects this time but feel they are worth it for two years of normal living."
"Just starting 37.5mg Venlafaxine, and I am at day 13. At same time weaning down from 50mg Prozac. At day 7 I began feeling more nervous, anxious, no drive, I awake and want to stay in bed because if I get up I don&#039;t know what I should do. Tomorrow I increase dose to 75mg. I hope the medication begins to take hold soon and what I am feeling are short term side effects. I hope in a week or so I can update and give a higher rating."
"Male, 55, been on Inderal for close to 30 years. Switched to Toprol. Had to return to Inderal because of increased arrhythmias."
"Had a insect bite that got really badly infected on my calf to the point where I could barely walk it was that painful I was on penicillin but that did very little but after taking this it cleared up almost immediately. Although it&#039;s making feel quite nauseas where  all it takes is a buiscuit to make me want to throw up also having headaches and my heart beat keeps going fast but it worked a treat on my bite"
"I got the nexplanon implant in March of 2015. I chose the implant because unlike every other form of birth control (except the iud), you don&#039;t have to remember to do anything. It just sits in your arm and does it&#039;s thing. I started bleeding about a week after I got it and have bled every day since March 31. Its September 24th today. I have an appointment tomorrow to get it taken out and on something else. The only way that this BC was effective is that I didn&#039;t get pregnant (because who wants to have sex when you&#039;re always bleeding...). I had high hopes for Nexplanon and I really wouldn&#039;t recommend that anyone get it."
"I&#039;ve had insomnia and anxiety problems since 2005. I was on Paxil for around two years because I had really bad muscle tension and excessive worry. I finally got to the point where I could not sleep two hours at night. I&#039;ve tried Effexor, temazepam, trazodone, Lunesta and Paxil is the only medication that calms me enough to go to sleep and stay asleep. I can easily get eight hours after being on Paxil for 4 days to a week. I tried to get off of Paxil once to see how I would do with no medication at all and after 9 months my insomnia came back again long term and lasted for over 3 weeks so I went back on Paxil again and I&#039;ve been getting quality sleep ever since. Paxil was a lifesaver for me."
"I got Nexplanon inserted 5 months now and the first 3 months I was spotting non-stop and after that I would lightly spot once a month for 2 days which I assume is probably my period. In the beginning, I had a horrible time with the nonstop bleeding and the crazy mood swings but stuck through it and now everything is clear blue skies! Definitely a great option to consider if you&#039;re forgetful and can&#039;t remember to take a pill everyday."
"My partner and I were having sex when the condom accidently broke!  It was the 14th day of my cycle, so I was fertile. As you can imagine, I was terrified. I took the pill 13 hours later. I was worried that it wasn&#039;t taken soon enough. But if you take it within 24 hrs, you&#039;ll be fine. I experienced lots of cramping and mood swings for 2 weeks. I seriously thought I was pregnant. I&#039;m not ready for a child and sadly was contemplating abortion. My period came on the day it was expected and I couldn&#039;t be happeir to have my period! I&#039;m going on the BC pills so I never have to experience this! Just relax &amp; take this pill ASAP as timing is crucial."
"I have hirsutism due to polycystic ovarian syndrome. So I started using this product 5 days ago and oh my! I don&#039;t want to tempt fate but wow, it&#039;s working already. 
Over the past couple of days I&#039;ve seen the biggest improvement. The stubble that&#039;s growing through isn&#039;t coming in nearly as quickly and when I shave you can barely see the little black hairs under the skin. 
I would normally have to shave at the very least, once a day and again if I was going out in the evening. Evening comes and my razor is still attached to my bathroom wall. 
I will say that I am using slightly above the recommended dosage. Sometimes three times daily, rather than two and a slightly thicker than thin coat. I live in the UK where a 60g tube on prescription is only "
"I&#039;M 21 YEARS OLD AND HAVE A LOWER BACK PAIN FROM BEING OVER WEIGHT AS A CHILD. I HAVE LOST THE WEIGHT BUT STILL HAVE THE PAIN. I HAVE TAKEN 3 x 5MG OF OXYCODONE AND IT HELPS ME WORK A FULL DAY."
"I am in my 9th month of taking Invokana 100, glypizide 10 mg, and metformin ER, 2/750 mg.  My A1C has increased from 5.6 to 7.2, but I have lost 40 pounds!  I see here that a lot of people have yeast problems.  I had one and immediately started using coconut oil as a moisturizer at least 3x day, and have not had a problem since.  This is just the coconut oil that can bought at the grocery store.  I put a scoop of it in a smaller container that I keep in the bathroom and use it liberally.  My endocrinologist is not happy with my A1C being this high, but my primary doctor is fine with that number.  Endocrinologist may put me on insulin, so I don&#039;t know if I can take both.  I don&#039;t want to give up Invokana in fear of gaining the weight back."
"Hey! I am super on top of things and birth control pills were still not my thing. I suffered from dryness and irritation. Worst of all  I lost my sex drive. I started the NuvaRing because its simple yet effective. I only have had it for a bit now and I have 0 dryness.  I love it!"
"I&#039;m 22, and my doctor changed me from Effexor to Pristiq for my OCD and OCPD. Most noticeable side effect is definitely the appetite loss, but I don&#039;t seem to be losing much weight thankfully. If I&#039;m busy and don&#039;t think about it, I go all day without food- it&#039;s nuts. Also I am having a lot of headaches, but I cannot be sure its the medicine. I sweat A LOT on this, and if I take it too late in the day I cannot sleep. My OCD seems to be in check- much better than Effexor. I&#039;ve been taking 50 mg for 5 months now."
"I took 40 mg of Paxil for about 2 years over 11 years ago for panic, anxiety and moderate depression.  It worked very well for me.  I did take Xanax while the Paxil was building up in my body.  After about 4 weeks I didn&#039;t need the Xanax any more.  About 6 weeks ago my anxiety and panic began to increase to a point I knew I needed help in addition to my exercise, healthy eating etc.  I went to my doctor to get Paxil.  I started on 10 mg for a week and had increased anxiety, which I controlled with 0.25 mg of Xanax once a day.  I went up to 20 mg on day 8 and had severe anxiety and bad thought for about 36 hours.  Suddenly, just like that it was all gone.  I now feel great!  Some side effects, but worth the sanity!"
"I&#039;ve tried a few antidepressents. Zoloft, Wellbutrin, Remeron...

I&#039;ve been on Prozac for nearly three months. I was prescribed 20 mg a day for the first month and told the doctor I didn&#039;t notice anything. She still kept me on 20 mg a day for the second month. Still nothing, but drowsiness was a problem (gone now).

I&#039;ve been on 30 mg a day for the past three weeks, and in the past week or so, I think something about me is different. I rarely have the suicidal thoughts I did before (I still do though). I&#039;m also normally really awkward, but now I feel natural when I say something, no shaky voice. Idk how to explain what I&#039;m feeling.

The past week I&#039;ve been pretty nauseous though. I usually eat a LOT though so I don&#039;t mind it"
"I have had pretty severe breakouts and my dermatologist first prescribed epiduo to me, i take it, and for the first week, the only change is my skin getting incredibly dry (which is odd because my skin is not normally dry or oily) but the dryness was tolerable. The next week things went very bad, i had terrible breakouts on my forehead, and on my cheeks, chin, and nose, i was incredibly dry and my face turned completely orange, after that week i stopped using epiduo and my skin continued to stay red and acne-y and i had to call in sick to work because it was intolerable and felt like my face was on fire. DO NOT RECOMMEND"
"I was diagnosed in June 22, 2012.  Started Tysabri August, 2012. I have never taken any other disease modifying medicines. I am JC negative. MRI in July 2013 shows no new lesions, no active lesions. I have never had a side effect from Tysabri. When I was diagnosed, my right leg shook so badly, I could barely walk.  I have drop foot, and weakened thigh and hip flexor muscles.  These symptoms have improved slightly.  I do not know if it is due to Tysabri or just how my MS is presenting.  
I chose Tysabri because I fall into the optimum category...no other meds and JC neg."
"Best product ever can&#039;t believe it&#039;s discontinued!!!"
"I believe this is the safest MRI contrast currently marketed.  It is a 4th generation contrast with a dual excretion pathway and as far as I know there are no know cases of NSF associated with this.  The few minor side effects I have seen are similar to placebo.  The key is the low dose of gadolinium and the 4th generation liver excretion which makes this safe in patients with renal compromise and still have normal liver function."
"I have suffered from PMS or PMDD most of my life. It was such a horrible experience for me that I would have crying spells; have arguments with people; I would shut down at work or would have to take at least 1 day off during the week of my period. I tried several different birth controls but they didn&#039;t work so I finally asked for Prozac after hearing it did wonders for a co worker. Ive been on it one month; my cycle came on today (TMI) and I still feel great!  I can&#039;t believe it!!"
"I had been a smoker for 27 years off and on; mostly on.  In 2008, I decided to use Chantix.  It has been 4 1/2 years and no more smoking! I never realized how much smoking dictates to your life. I feel free!"
"Excellent product."
"It was efficient to have no anxiety. 

Except 2 weeks before my final exams, I&quot;froze&quot; = I had anxiety attacks.
The big side effect was that it was extremely difficult to reach an orgasm / ejaculation + I lost more than 50 % of sex pleasure. Not good for couple life. Also I sweat A LOT during the night + big traumatizing nightmares if you forget your pills +  I think I did sleep apnea + sleep paralysis. All those things at 75 mg. An other bad effect was that I became over confident / maniac.

Also better to use Effexor than generics. The real brand seemed better for me"
"I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism at age 14 although I had a high TSH (in the normal range) since  I was born. I was treated with Synthroid and levothyroxine for the past 7 years and I never really thought about how it was affecting me. Within these 7 years I gained and lost and gained again 75 lbs which was due to the depression that Synthroid was causing. I recently began feeling so bad and decided to stop Synthroid and asked my doctor for Armour...one month later and I am as happy and optimistic as I used to be before Synthroid. I have also lost 12 lbs within a month (with proper diet and nutrition of course). I have had no side effects on this medication and I am 100% happy I decided to switch."
"I was on Yaz for years. Even if I would skip a week or two on it, my face would start breaking out and literally within three days of taking Yaz my face would be crystal clear again. I completely went off the pill for a year due to prices, but now just went back on to BeYaz since it is cheaper and supposed to be the same thing.
I&#039;ve been waiting it out for three months, hoping I would improve- but my ance is actually getting WAY worse! I thought Yaz and Beyaz had the same ingredients...did I become immune to the effects."
"Ok so I have a minor yeast infection I brought the monistat 1 and I&#039;m doing just fine all these post I see about burning intensively is crazy maybe your are allergic to the product or you have something way far worst than a yeast infection. We are not Ob/Gyno&#039;s to diagnose anything.... anyways ladies my Na Na feels just fine, just use a panty liner to catch the medicine coming back out... there&#039;s minor discomfort because I feel the meds working but all this itching and burning excessively not my experience"
"I have no idea where some folk get their MoviPrep from, but I&#039;m in the UK and got it free through the NHS to use in preparation for an endoscopy to check my bowels. 
First off, the taste was fine - just like a powdered lemon juice - absolutely no problems drinking it - in fact I enjoyed watching TV whilst sipping it! 
It took about 1.5 hours before I had my first toilet visit, but at no time was I concerned that I might lose control. My stools became watery after the second visit and continued that way for about 10 or more visits. To my surprise, I went to bed, about 2 hours after my last drink, I didn&#039;t have to get up in the night. In the morning, slight watery movement and then went to hospital. The surgeon said that my bowel was clear"
"Started Victoza 1 month ago.  I have mild Diabetes due to Metabolic syndrome. FBS off meds is 117-130. Have been on Metformin Januvia Invokanna without weight loss.  Had a lap band since 2006 but not very tight. Had prostate biopsy last week {benign}.  In 1 month I have lost 6 lbs. After Victoza injection, it is very difficult to eat even small portions almost like the band being temporarily tightened. Another weird reaction was that the prostate after biopsy is slightly swollen for a few days. After Victoza injection, it felt like there was more swelling in the prostate region for a few hours.  Have not had any unwanted nausea during the month. Have just renewed my prescription"
"I have tried it twice already. It did not speed up the healing process both times. It takes 10 days with or without Abreva. Waste of money."
"I also started an endless period beginning month #2 of the pill. It started as spotting, then turned into a full-on period. I&#039;m going on week 3 of bleeding and maintaining worse cramps than I had before I was on the pill. I&#039;m calling my doctor today to see if I should stop taking the pill, I just don&#039;t understand why it is extending my period."
"I was prescribed effexor for GAD with severe mood swings - im a busy person and have always said a &quot;slow you down&quot; type of antidepressant would not work for me I&#039;ve tried ones that have left me feeling like a zombie (numb and lethargic) effexor is not like that, it really lifts my mood and keeps me stable.  I experience little to no side effects. I have a good insight to my moods and work with my gp changing dosage when required I can be on anything from 75mg-225mg. I&#039;ve also worked out I cannot take any dosage later in the day as I would go to bed feeling wired and not tired so I take them in the morning only.  Only negative is if I miss 1 dose I&#039;m ok, miss 2 and the withdrawals are so shocking! If you come off effexor it must be controlled"
"I&#039;ve gone the rounds with sleeping pills since I suffer from a CNS disorder. Belsomra is different from the others I&#039;ve tried in that, at least for me, it isn&#039;t incapacitating, meaning I get no &quot;high&quot; from it. At 20mg, the largest dose, it doesn&#039;t feel anything like Ambien did, where I was seeing things that weren&#039;t there. In a way, this was a little disappointing as I like that tired/druggy feeling to ease me to sleep, but what Belsomra actually did was send me off to sleep without me knowing about it, which is how I remember falling asleep as a kid. One minute you&#039;re laying there thinking, then the next you wake up and the clock has passed several hours. That&#039;s good enough for me."
"I have a lot of inflammation relief with Indocin. The problem is that I can only take it every other day. I am 37 and very active, train Brazillian Jiu Jitsu 2 days a week. Get tendinitis in my shoulders easy. I would recommend this medicine."
"I have been on the depo shot for almost 10 months now and it hasn&#039;t been too bad. The only problems I&#039;ve had is severe mood swings, nausea, and headaches daily. I&#039;m a sick person anyways so I&#039;m not sure if I&#039;ve gotten other side effects but I do know those are from the depo. My periods are now pretty much gone. My second shot I had a period for about 2 months but it wasn&#039;t heavy. I plan on getting off of it though after this shot wears off because I have been reading a lot of bad things about the shot. Severe mood swings, depression, anxiety, hair loss, osteoporosis, infertility, etc. I eventually want to get pregnant but you can lose all options if you continue the shot for an extended period of time and I don&#039;t want that to happen."
"Well I&#039;ve only been on 1 400 mg dose and in less than 24 hours I do notice a difference already. If any side effects occur I will update.  So far just dry mouth.  That is great though if you can notice a difference in less than 24 hours! Hope it stays that way!"
"I thought it was super easy, didn&#039;t have any nausea or cramping.  Was fearing worst and it cleaned me out by 3 am.  Expensive at $50 but covered by my HS card."
"My doctor put me on this medicine for hot flashes and the roller coaster emotions that come along with pre-menopause. 37.5mg. After I took the first dose I started sweating, shaking,  got nauseous and started violently vomiting, along with diarrhea. I had the dry heaves for 4 hours. Very scary. I almost went to the ER. I will not be taking this medicine! I&#039;d rather have the hot flashes!!"
"I love this birth control. I never had any problems other then the one side effect that was cysts on my ovaries, which I took high doses of Motrin for, and they went away within days. I did stop having a cycle for two years but 6 months ago it started up again super light, not a problem."
"I have suffered from anxiety for about 20 yrs my doctor switched me to Prozac and I have to say I&#039;m always been anxious but now I&#039;m anxious AND depressed! What&#039;s the deal? It&#039;s been almost 3 mos and I&#039;m taking it religiously, are there any long time users that can shed some light? Does it get better? I&#039;ve had over 4 panic attacks since I&#039;ve started this medication."
"Worst supplement I EVER took. I developed cystic acne. Large pimples continued to develop even after I stopped taking the Biotin. I could not believe how huge the cysts formed under my skin. My chin literally was deformed with the cysts. I had one on my left side of the chin and one on my right. They were the diameter of a dime and massively swollen. I was so embarrassed, there was nothing to make them go away. I continue to get small cysts of acne randomly on my face, I never had acne like this before. DO NOT take this product. Terrible doesn&#039;t begin to describe it....and reducing the symptoms by drinking water with it does not help, nor taking a b vitamin, as people suggest."
"I got my depo shot the 27th and started bleeding the 18th, and it&#039;s been 2 weeks and still hasnt stopped. It cleared up my acne, but the bleeding is beyond annoying. What&#039;s the point of being on birth control if you&#039;re bleeding and can&#039;t have sex? I would not recommend this. I&#039;m going to the doctors tomorrow to see what I can do about the bleeding, and then as soon as my third month is done I&#039;m switching to the pill."
"I was diagnosed with perimenopause in 2010 which included anxiety depression and mood swings at the age of 40. I had blood clots flowing down my legs for ten days then in 13 days I would bleed again . I would be double over in pain. I became anemic and still am . My Dr has me on anti depressants for anxiety which is working. After 4 years I was sent to Gyno. She did ultrasound and discovered I had adenomyosus and endometriosis.  She did a D&amp;C it was too complicated to do ablation or hysterectomy.  The Gyno recommended mirena. She put in 3 weeks ago . Dr cut string so can&#039;t feel it. Some light spotting and cramping and no period for 31 days now. Gyno will check in five weeks  it takes 7 months to get full effect.  give it a chance ! Love it so far."
"I am amazed at how this medication changed my life. I often compare myself to a duck in water, where the problems just glide right over me, which never used to be the case.  Issues that may have cause depression or anxiety in the past are now handled without confusing emotions.  The only reason I give it a 9 are the horrific side effects if I miss even one dose.  Strange nightmares, shaking, confusion and even an odd ability to sleep for more than 10 hours straight. Does it deter me from continuing with this medication? Absolutely not."
"I took Harvoni for 8 weeks and before finishing it , doctor told me that my blood test did not detect any virus.  So I am do for another blood test in 2 more months.  I am not using and I am not drinking."
"This medicine has been prescribed to both myself and my husband. It made both of us feel much sicker than the original conditions it was meant to treat."
"I was prescribed Zuboxone but my insurance covered Zubsolv instead. From the first time I felt tremors and told my Dr. He prescribed increasing the dosage and it got worse. It felt like I was trembling from my core along with anxiety. I just was switched to buprenorphine alone and can&#039;t believe how much improved I am. I wouldn&#039;t recommend Zubsolv."
"I have been using Nuvaring for a year now and have decided to take it out. In that year I gained almost 30 pounds and have had insane mood swings. I kept it in so long because I thought other things we&#039;re causing this untill I talked to my doctor."
"I have been prescribed Oxycontin 60mg for well over 6 years now in just in the last 2 months I have gotten a refill  I know for a fact that either the manufacturer or where they get  their medication through there has been a shortage of the medication per the dosage compared to what it used to be. I don&#039;t know at what level this is occurring .  Whether this is another Government regulation that says if someone is prescribed 60mg tablets the manufacturer is only allowed to put 30mg in that tablet?  I have been on this same medication for a long time and starting December 2015 and January 2016 my medication has been shorted. My body goes through tremendous withdrawal symptoms each month I refill this medication.  I need an answer."
"When I had it inserted it wasn&#039;t too bad. Some minor cramping and a few pinches and pokes it was over. After however I felt nauseous and crampy the entire day. After about a week i got my period (even tho I wasn&#039;t due for another 2 weeks). The cramps , headaches , and mood swings were crazy and almost unbearable. I called my doctor to move up my follow up check up and talk about why my symptoms were so severe even tho I knew they weren&#039;t completely abornmal. A week before the appointment my boyfriend and I were having sex and he felt it half out of me with his finger. I called doctor and between my symptoms and the way it was positioned out of me my body just rejected it. It was scary. Probably not,something I would ever recommend."
"Had kyleena inserted 5 days ago as I decided to switch from the pill. Having never been pregnant before insertion was uncomfortable for me. I felt some strong cramps during but was able to return to work as normal about half an hour later. Cramping was not enjoyable the first night, and I had Advil and Tylenol on repeat with my hot water bottle, however I woke up the next day with no cramps and a few spots. Same a few days later. Time will tell what it will do to my period but overall a great experience. Everyone&#039;s different though, and please don&#039;t believe every bad thing you read online. I love my kyleena and it sure beats taking the pill everyday."
"I have been taking fluvoxamine for at least 8 months &amp;  have had no change in my feelings.  I started at 50 MG, then went to 75 MG, then to 100 MG."
"Thank God for Zoloft! I wish I knew about depression decades ago! For the first time in years I see the world in color, have patience and actually care. Zoloft makes me a better me, a better parent and better person.  I take 100 mg in the morning and 100 mg at night.  NO SIDE EFFECTS! Sure wish I had weight loss, though!  A smidge of loss of interest in sex, but can still enjoy."
"Normal BP is in the 160 range. The first medication for blood pressure they put me did not work.  This is my second medication, doctors put me on 50mgs. My BP did not drop much after three months , the doctor moved me up to 100 mg. And it still does not work. BP still 160 to 180. I go back in next month Doctors a medication review."
"Smoked for 21 years and tried several times to quit.  CHANTIX WORKS!"
"Made me so irritable! I&#039;ve never experienced PMS, but when I was on this medication, I was so emotional - even when not menstruating. "
"I was first prescribed it in a psych ward as a PRN.  I take a cocktail of sedative drugs through the day and at night including: 90mg Phenobarbital, 15mg Zyprexa, 2mg Klonopin, and 200mg Vimpat all at night.  I still have had major trouble sleeping.  I got put on 10mg Sonata and the first night it didn&#039;t work.  The second night I laid down and tried to sleep on my own, after about two hours of no sleep I took the sonata and within 15 minutes I was asleep and slept all through the night till I was woke up for breakfast at 8:00 am, oh and I laid down at 9:00 pm and took the sonata at about 11:00 pm.  It works wonderfully for me but I think it has its own effects to each individual user and the meds they are on too. I love it"
"I had it put in about two years ago after my 3 rd kid. I was pleased with it at first but now I have noticed extreme hair thinning, low to no sex drive and gained about 10lbs I can&#039;t seem to lose. Calling tomorrow to have it yanked. My hubby is fixed so I can do it with out worry."
"My son has been taking Abilify to help his aggressive behavior associated with his ADHD.  He plays with the other children like he did before the aggresive behavior developed and is doing a lot better."
"Had thrush for 2 weeks over Christmas and New Year - driven mad with pain and horrendous itching - used Canestan twice. Went to doctor as soon as they were open again after hols, got fluconazole 1 tablet yesterday - miracle pill. Feel much better already. Hope it works and clears it up."
"Worst ever experience!! Do not take this unless you like pain, nausea and a severe burning sensation in your stomach and intestines! Took the pills at 9 pm with water as directed. Woke up at 2 am sick as can be. It&#039;s 4:30am, I&#039;m wide awake and sick. If this is no better by 8 am, I am calling my doctor to see if there is anything I can take for some relief!!"
"I was nervous to start taking chantix because of the cautions of having Bipolar Depression and ADHD. I am currently taking Lamitcal and Ritalin daily, so I had my concerns, but I figured being smoke free was worth the chance of spiraling mood swings. I had an appointment with my psychiatrist and ask him versus my general doctor to make sure he was ok with it and he thought it was worth the shot. It hasn&#039;t been long, but I am happy to say I haven&#039;t had a smoke in 2 weeks. I tried once with a coworker, but took 2 drags and lost all desire to continue. Granted I have only been smoking for 5 years, but it was my solace with work. Barely any side effects and I think my bipolar meds helped control some of that."
"I have had NO side effects from this drug.  I like it much more than the others.  I have been monitored very well.  I would recommend this treatment for Multiple Sclerosis."
"I started accutane late December, 2015. I was on it for 7 weeks 5 days when I had to temporally stop because my liver enzymes were elevated. At this point I was taking 60 mg per day. In regards to my acne, my skin was clearing beautifully! I&#039;m very happy with the results. However, I experienced side effects such as dry skin, dry lips, joint pain, headaches and trouble sleeping sometimes. Within two weeks after stopping accutane, I did some blood work. My results showed that my liver enzymes were back to normal so my doctor advised me to start accutane again. I&#039;m currently taking 60 mg again everyday and I have roughly about 11 weeks more to go on accutane. I do get 1-2 pimples and a few blackheads but nothing cystic."
"Never in my life have I taken such awful medication. Side effects after 1 tablet were headache, pain in eyes, dry mouth, sore throat, racing heart, insomnia, swollen hands, weakness like 
I&#039;d been run over by a bus, depression, crying, anxiety. I carried on hoping things would get better but after 3 capsules the remaining 3 went in the bin. Never ever will I take these again"
"Works great for my general anxiety.  I felt like I was trapped in my own body.  Couldn&#039;t breathe regular, fidgety, brain racing nonstop, chest pain, couldn&#039;t sleep, had to run up and down stairs to relax.  After 2 months I started to feel a difference.  Takes the edge off is all.  Doesn&#039;t change my mood, doesn&#039;t make me sleepy.  Only side effect I have is sometimes an hour or so after taking stomach is a little upset....minor tradeoff for being anxiety free.  Changed my life.  If you are living under a constant cloud of anxiety, please consider this medication.  It takes a while to really start working, but for me it has been a saviour."
"Admitted to the hospital on Monday with Nausea and Vomiting. By Tuesday the Doctor&#039;s wanted to send me home but not with out eating. So, I was giving IV push. Within minutes I felt restless, needed to run out of my skin and other all feeling of dread! One of the worst meds. The Doctors acted as if they didn&#039;t understand what was going on and the Nurse didn&#039;t care. I sat in a fetal position all day trying to breath through the overwhelming restlessness. It is now Tuesday evening and I still feel restless!! Just took Benedryl and it did not help at all. Would not recommend this med or the hospital I was at. Also, losing faith in Nurses and Doctors"
"I have been taking Belviq since July 19th (almost 6 months) and this pill has changed my life. I have lost 54 pounds and I plan on taking it the rest of my life to control my hunger. The lose it app is awesome also!!"
"They have been good and bad for myself, mostly good, I was in a accident the messed up my back and surgery hasn&#039;t been an option at this point. I started out probably like everyone taking in way to many vicoden to percocet to oxytocin it got to be a fistful of pills everyday. Made me feel like a junkie. I can honestly say I would probably be dead if weren&#039;t for the patches. I change them every 48 hours and I&#039;ve been on the same dose for about 8 years. My biggest worry/complaint is that I&#039;m physically dependant on them and Vivid dreaming it&#039;s kinda freaky and being sleepy sometimes but the pain is tolerable.  I&#039;m on the PAP program (patient assistiance program) for low income so doesn&#039;t cost anything.  They are very expensive"
"I was prescribed tramadol for the arthritis pain in my hands. I had no relief from pain so I used aleve or ibuprofen which worked slightly better. I&#039;ve read how some people have a significant reduction in pain when using this drug but I actually asked my doctor if it was a joke. I don&#039;t think it takes the pain away so much as it effects your thinking...."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for 5 days now. I&#039;m on it for 10 days, 3 times a day and I&#039;m being treated for C diff. Before I started this medication I was in severe pain, diarrhea, weight loss, constantly urinating. Now my abdominal pain is minimal I&#039;m holding weight. Gained a few pounds. Still having constant urination not quite as much and still having upset stomach, diarrhea. Now going back to the Dr. to see if I still have C diff."
"Chilled the stuff and also used Berry propel the taste was not bad it took about an hour to kick in.  But I did something different. My procedure is on a Tuesday  morning. I did not eat anything SUNDAY OR MONDAY - NOTHING BUT SWEET TEA AND WATER.  So far so good.  I have to do it again at 5:30 in the morning for 9:30 procedure..............No problem right now"
"My 4 year old was put on a quarter of a 1MG pill. Take in the mornings. He&#039;s been on it for little over a month, at first I kind of saw a little bit of a difference but then things took a dramatic turn! He became very mean, aggressive towards everyone, hitting,biting pushing and crying all the time.:(   his emotions all over the board and he him self could tell.. he would say he donesn&#039;t feel right. So we took him off it. I&#039;m not sure if this pill just did not mash well with him case of his age but I will never recommend this pill for a toddler with adHD"
"I have been on so many drugs I lost count and cannot remember all the names. Lamictal has really improved my life. My mood swings have diminished and my depressive episodes have nearly gone away. I have a couple of year now and they don&#039;t last nearly as long. I also don&#039;t get suicidal anymore. So much gratitude for this medication. I&#039;m on 100 mg right now and when I had my last depressive episode my doctor wanted me to increase my dose but it has a tendency to make me feel out of it and unable to experience any range of emotion really. I just try to make it through the depressive episodes instead."
"I started Nexplanon about 2 years ago. At first I thought it was a great option for my lifestyle and my goals, but I just yesterday had it taken out. Yes, it is effective in preventing pregnancy, but the side effects snuck up on me and I just realized that a lot of problems I&#039;ve been having emotionally and physically are all due to the implant. I&#039;ve been getting angry at things that don&#039;t even make sense, feeling depressed even though my life is great, eating a lot better than I ever have before and doing thousand calorie workouts five times a week, yet my weight has not gone down at all! I used to be able to lose weight crazy fast, and now it&#039;s impossible. I&#039;m going back to the patch. Going through the side effects is NOT worth it!"
"I was put on Enbrel in 2007. The change it has made in the quality of my life is amazing.  I prefer the mix-it-yourself 25 mg vials because they don&#039;t have preservative like the pre-filled syringes, which causes the horrible burning sensation.  These also have tiny thin needles, which make the shot almost pain free.  I  haven&#039;t had psoriasis since about 2008, and my rheumatoid arthritis slowed in progression considerably."
"I am 50 years old and have had severe rheumatoid arthritis for more than 6 years. I was taking Advil like candy for years until I was diagnosed with Arthritis. My 1st Rheumatologist put me on 7.5/750&#039;s 3 times daily and it worked well. After changing doctors after major Lung Surgery they sent me to a Pain Management doctor who put me on Duragesics then MS Contin. That sure got rid of the pain, but the depressant effects of Morphine based medications made me miserable. Hydrocodone or even Oxycodone work very well as long as you don&#039;t abuse them. I&#039;d wish more Pain Management people would get off the Morphine dependency. This kind of treatment makes it hard to treat pain after major surgeries."
"Xyrem actually worked! For the first time in my life, I felt like a normal person. Then, the migraines to beat all migraines began. I was awake but in so much pain and the only thing that helped at all was packing ice all around my head. I hoped the headaches would go away but, after a couple of weeks, I gave up. I didn&#039;t want to be awake with that much pain."
"I suffer from moderate to severe OCD (with mild depression due to it) and I was prescribed Zoloft. It helped me to control my obsessive thoughts, I was able to get fully-rested sleeps and I was more social and outgoing.  Unfortunately, I stayed on it for only 6 months before weaning myself off of it due to weight gain (20 lbs) in a short amount of time and my lifestyle was a lot more active when I started taking it too, I also had very vivid and detailed dreams, which wasn&#039;t horrible, but it was nice to be able to fall asleep easier."
"I took Elavil 100 mg for migraine and sleep back in 90&#039;s wow solved my problems. Quit taking, and now I&#039;m on 200 mg sleep and neuropathy from diabetes, sleep and stress. I take other medicines. I&#039;m not healed just no more pain. Sometimes fall asleep and times just breeze through the day. Elavil helps for many medical problems. Don&#039;t like the new medicines. The old medicines work best for me."
"Paxil not only helped with panic attacks, it cured me of my fear of heights! The down side was the 40 pound weight gain over 3 months (exercise didn&#039;t help). Vivid dreams and it took over 40 minutes to achieve orgasm (no complaints from the wife!)"
"I have been on Elmiron for 8 years (2 a day). I started out on 3 a day. Tried everything before this medication including DMSO treatments. (Horrible and no relief, 8 of them a week apart. Water distention. Nothing helped until Elmiron and also take 1 Bactrim DS at night. Have been symptom free for the last 3 years. Wish it were cheaper."
"My insurance no longer covers the preferred Androgel (ugh!) so I ended up with this.  The medication smells like a cross between cheap &quot;old man&quot; cologne and ant and roach killing spray.  I used it one time in the morning before work and the smell lingered in our home for the better part of the day.  The offensive smell is embedded in my clothing and has now permeated the closet.  The odor is bad enough, but it also makes my wife cough violently and impacts her breathing.  The physician is looking for an alternative as this is an unacceptable side effect.   JUST SAY NO to this drug. It will disrupt your entire household."
"I&#039;ve had awful eczema for as long as I can remember, which has been completely debilitating when at it&#039;s worst. When I was referred to the dermatologist I was given everything under the sun to try and combat the worsening skin condition. Finally, after months I was given elocon and now I can&#039;t go a day without it, absolute skin MIRACLE. Please ask for this cream first when seeing a doctor, after hunting for something like this for years I couldn&#039;t imagine my life without the stuff!!"
"Okay, so I have been on the Nexplanon for almost fourteen months, and let me tell you, it has been THE WORST almost fourteen months of my life. Not only have I had extreme bleeding issues the WHOLE TIME, but I have also re gained weight that I previously lost. Now, back to the bleeding issue. About two months after I got this implant placed in my arm, that is when the bleeding decided to start. I thought that it was just a normal period....until six straight months went by and I was still bleeding heavily. I went to the emergency room at least three or four times within the past fourteen months, and all the doctors told me was that it was a normal period. I am getting this taken out tomorrow.!!!!"
"I started taking microgestin the end of March and by the 3rd week I had been crying, MOODY, and had uncontrollable actions.  This pill needs to be wiped off planet earth.  I cut all my hair off during one of my uncontrollable incidents, took off all my clothes in front of my partners family,  and had to go to a behavioral unit to calm me down. I was tested and nothing else was in my system but bc. Im off bc thank God but that experience isn&#039;t worth not having a baby... I&#039;ll stick to condoms!"
"After over 1 year without birth control, I tried lo lo estrin at the insistence of my OB. I tried it for 4 months, waiting for the bleeding and spotting to stop, despite making sure every day I took the pill at the exact same time. Besides the non-stop spotting, I also found my libido affected. I stopped wanting and enjoying sex. I finally went back to the pill I had previously used and am back to normal periods and enjoying sex."
"I took Savella for 1 week. The side effects I had were worse than the benefits. I had chills and then hot flashes. I would wake up feeling as if I hadn&#039;t been asleep. I also experienced dizziness and fatigue."
"My sleep doctor, I use a CPAP every night, gave me a sample to try as I work a &quot;baby owl&#039; shift from 5:00pm to 2:00 am. Best way to describe this medicine is a slow release caffeine pill. However, zero jitters and zero over active bladder. No buzz, no altered feelings of any kind. I can focus better with this in my system. If I can get a full six hours on my CPAP and take a 250mg pill an hour before my shift I can get my job done with an amazing amount of focus. My insurance was slow to cover, and even with them covering over half of the cost these little pills cost a bundle. Worth it for me, as I was spending close to the same amount per month on Red Bull and coffee."
"I have tried multiple forms of birth control and have always had a problem with the side effects. Went from Nuvaring to this and became a complete PSYCHO! Almost ruined my relationship and it affected my job. Gave me severe anxiety, nausea, stomach cramps, every side effect listed I got."
"On it for almost 2 years.  8 mg&#039;s /day all taken in the morning.  Sets me up for the day with no anxiety."
"I started 0.6 dose of Victoza and started feeling side effects right away.  Stomach felt empty and a bit nauseated and a headache.  My appetite is really down.  Last time I weighed myself I lost a little over 3 pounds.  I wasn&#039;t planning on the weight loss, but it&#039;s good.  I&#039;m at a loss of what to eat since nothing even sounds good.   I barely ate a small salad and a potpie this evening.  Ate about 2/3 of the potpie and I was no longer hungry.  Have my better days, but today I just didn&#039;t feel good at all.  Hope this phase ends soon."
"I ran out of room with writing my other review but I use cetephil daily face cleanser and daily advance lotion. I use aquaphor for my lips. I keep it at all times. With my side effects I also have severe muscle aches!!!!! I hope this helps anyone who is considering to use accutane. I recommend it but keep a close eye on your Side effects. I&#039;m happy with how it&#039;s working as of now just my complexion isn&#039;t good. I also HIGHLY recommend to not pull off dry skin! As it will lead to a red mark and become dryer and will become a scar. And do not pick at any zits. I&#039;m a big picker, I&#039;m constantly feeling on my face and pick if I feel anything. It leads to scarring. Be patient with it. You&#039;ll look great afterwards."
"I hate this medication! Yes it controls my seizures but it makes me a horrible human being. It causes me to be mean, moody, and angry.I would almost rather have the seizures than have these horrible side effects. next neurologist appointment I am begging for a different medication. And not dilantin or gabapentin either. Both those have given me nasty side effects as well.but what works for one does not necessarily mean it will work for another. Good luck to those of you who are taking this medication. I pray that the side effects are not as bad for you as they were for me."
"I&#039;m 16 and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder type II a month ago. I was put on Lamictal six days later. Around two weeks of the effective dosage, I started to see stability in both my depression and hypomania without any personality change or affective flattening. I did get canker sores however, but no signs of the SJS rash yet. This is overall a pretty effective medicine from my experience."
"So, I started Belviq a few weeks ago. I sometimes had headaches but nothing a few advil wouldn&#039;t cure. It took about 2 weeks for the medicine to start working. You have to be patient and remember this is a serotonin drug, it affects the serotonin in your brain which controls hunger and feeling of fullness. Its just like when you take medicine for depression, anxiety, OCD, they take time to work.
  I was very surprised I did not have any side effects to speak of because I am super sensitive to medication. I am less hungry and I do not find myself thinking of food all the time. I have lost 4 pounds thus far and am hoping to continue losing weight."
"It made my white zits disappear. 
Made my skin smooth
So yeah this works for gross zits that you can pop &amp; the tender red bumps."
"I seem to have a different experience with it than most people. I&#039;ve only been given the injectable form in an IV while in the hospital before 2-3 times, in a fair degree of pain on each occasion. While it did work well for a short time, maybe 45min, I not only burned through it far faster than I did other pain medicines, but I got a nasty side effect of a truly horrific headache each time."
"I am on my second week of Lo Loestrin and have had break through bleeding for about 2 days now. I haven&#039;t experienced any mood swings, acne or weight gain, however it is early on and I will be watching out for that. I have been on the pill for almost 10 years, and this is the first time I have ever had breakthrough bleeding. I will try it for another month and see what happens!"
"Dangerous for me. It raised my BP from 144/89 to 188/119 fairly quickly. It caused a dull headache. I feared stroking out. I stopped using it immediately."
"I was given my first injection with Eligard on December 1st 2010. I started to have bone pain a little before this and a PSA of 116. It took control in about 2 days and the pain went. As I decided to wait until the pain returned (to see how long it would last) I had to have another one 6 1/2 months later. My PSA dropped to 0.17 the first time and 2.6 the second (where it is now). I will take a 3rd one in 5 months time and see if it goes beyond the 4 months for the 30mg to have effect. The date is 8th December 2011 and the 3rd one is due in March 2012."
"For me Suprep was very effective, but very unpleasant.  I have an irritable bowel already so this was like adding a turbo booster.  First dose at 7pm kicked in around 45 minutes after I started.  I was back and forth to the bathroom for about 3 hours and then was able to sleep until 4am for second dose.  Forced down about 2/3rds of that dose (gagging badly) and was on the toilet for another 2 hours.  Like many others, I found the taste to be terrible.  It started out as bearable, but with each chug it got worse.  Was swallowing so much air that I was nauseous until I could finally get some burps out.  I also had chills (normal).  Following a smooth procedure this morning, lunch went right through me.  Took Imodium, hoping things settle down"
"I was put on Xarelto after a small P.E. in the lower lobe of my right lung and have not felt right since. I am tired all the time, have no energy, migraines, dizzy, and also increased anxiety. The reason I decided to take Xarelto over the other blood thinners was because of not having to go to the doctor monthly which I believe is the only good thing about this medication. Can&#039;t wait to go off of it in a month. I&#039;m so thankful to read the comments and see I am not the only one suffering these side effects."
"Works very well but very strong. Stop using as soon as your problem stops. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
"I have had hyperhidrosis of my hands and armpits. It made many things in my life extremely uncomfortable or impossible to do. (Even simple things... shaking hands, raising my hand in class (which I never did because I would be to embarrassed wearing grey or any non-dark T-shirts, wearing my hoodie would sometimes make it better but sometimes I would just sweat through it, the list goes on and on). I&#039;ve been hyperhidrosis for 3 years now. I tried Hypercare yesterday, it&#039;s affordable and effective. I recommend to anyone suffering from hyperhidrosis.
Hope this helps because I know how hard life is when you are stuck with this awful sweating."
"Today is day 1 on contrave. I am very hopeful that this will help me to lose weight. I will continue to post on my progress and continue to read postings here! Good luck to everyone and good luck to me!"
"I have absolutely loved being on Yaz! I have taken every kind of birth control you can think of, and had terrible side effects. I have tried at least 5 different kinds of pills, the shot, an IUD. ( I&#039;m also allergic to latex so yay for me). All gave me terrible mood swings, weight gain, and acne. Although, gaining weight when you only weigh 103 pounds shouldn&#039;t be an issue. It still bothered me enough to make me stop taking other things. With Yaz I had none of these side effects and felt better than before. "
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for 2 months now and I seem to be nauseated all the time! I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;m getting mild acne and experience minor fatigue. Thinking about switching."
"I was in Phoenix for a business trip, and went to bed Sunday night feeling great. 8am woke up with scratchy throat, and 4 hours later in the ER with a 102.5 fever. They gave me a spinal tap, CT scan, so much blood was drawn for test that came back good, chest X-rays. After spending 6 hours there they released me with a virus. They said they couldn&#039;t test for flu because they were out of test strips. WTF! So I flew home Tuesday night and was back in ER yesterday 8/31..They also did blood, chest X-rays and lower GI MRI. They did the flu test and it came back positive. I was given a prescription for tamiflu which was around 60 hours after my first symptom. It&#039;s now 24 hours after ER with 2 doses in and  I feel 60% better already. TAKEFOODw/it"
"I got type 2 diabetes at a very young age and tried all the regular stuff - metformin and victoza but It made me sick and sleepy at work! I had heard about this new pill with invokana and had my doctor prescribing me it and get more information on their care program. I&#039;ve never felt more better I lost around 55 pounds and feel amazing I highly recommend, besides a few minor side effects I wouldn&#039;t change it for the world!!!!"
"I have tried all of the proton pump inhibitors and had some reaction to each of them. Nexium worked well, but it is WAY expensive. Generic Prilosec (Omeprazole) was hit or miss. It actually gave me heart palpitations, so no more of that. Doc recommended I try Zantac 150 and it seems to work pretty good. I notice that it doesn&#039;t last 24 hours, so he recommended that I take 1 twice a day as needed. Have not noticed any side effects as of yet, so working pretty good."
"WORST BIRTH CONTROL. I was on it for a little over a year and just got off of it (thank goodness!!)
First 3 months of taking the pill I gained 18 pounds... And my diet and exercise did not change whatsoever. I developed these extremely painful vaginal infections while on this pill and my sex drive dropped significantly. Never suffered with acne, not even during my awkward teen years, but as soon as I started taking this medication I broke out EVERYWHERE... Face &amp; body. 
But worst of all, this pill made me absolutely PSYCHOTIC. I&#039;m generally a really happy person, but all of a sudden I became EXTREMELY testy, angry, and teary all the time. Even had quite a few gnarly panic attacks. I would never recommend this to anyone..."
"The packaging is very easy to open and easy to read.  A yellow tablet for the morning and a blue tablet for the evening.  It&#039;s not much easier than that.  I started noticing effects within about 20 minutes.  The congestion was breaking up enough that I didn&#039;t have to breath from my mouth, which is great.  I cannot comment on the longevity of the drugs effectiveness, but so far, so good.  I do feel a bit drowsy."
"As I get older my asthma worsens which I know is not usual but in my case it is.  Advair has been a blessing."
"Doctor put me on this (20mg) because I told him I had really bad heartburn that wouldn&#039;t go away. Started taking it and felt immediate relief from the acid coming back up in my esophagus. I didnt really have any feelings of heartburn while on it. The only problems I experienced were a little indigestion in the beginning, like there wasn&#039;t enough acid in my stomach to digest to food properly. So make sure you chew your food really good and sip water with your food here and there. My bowels were okay, it just looked like my food wasnt 100% digested and that maybe I didnt abosrb all of the nutrients from the food. But it is well worth it because after a month of taking it, I stopped completely, and have only had heartburn a few times since then"
"I am starting it tomorrow and I am really growing increasingly nervous by every review I read. I know that every body is different but some symptoms freak me out. I have never had any health problems or sensitivities whatsoever, I don&#039;t get nauseous easily so I guess those won&#039;t apply to me. I hope it will be worth it. Btw, as a friendly advice, try not to read up everything the internet says because you can&#039;t know for sure how your body will react to the drug so the only way to surely find out is by simply trying it."
"Pristiq has significantly helped my depression.  I am finally able to wake up and get through the day like a normal person!  Initial side effects (first few days to a week): Dizziness, blurred vision, dilated pupils, fatigue, waking up in the middle of the night, jitteriness.  Ongoing side effects: dry mouth, frequent urination, jaw tension, falling asleep earlier than normal, inability to have an orgasm, and decreased appetite.  The side effects can be a bit annoying, but the benefits far outweigh the side effects."
"I was given a prescription of Lisinopril 5 mg. to reduce my high blood pressure.  First med. I might add I&#039;ve ever taken being leery of any medication short of aspirins.  Not only has it reduced my BP to normal levels, my nighttime trips to the bathroom have ended and I&#039;ve never felt better.  I&#039;m over 65 and other than the BP, I am in good health."
"Medication worked great. Was hospitalized for diverticulitis for 8 days about a year and a half ago. Had second flare up. Been on medicine for three days and feeling much better. Only side effect is bad taste in my mouth."
"I smoked on average 1-2 packs a day for 15 years.  When I was finally ready to quit, I used this.  It took some getting used to, but ended up working.  I only used this for 2 weeks and I was done.  I quit in November of 1999 and am still not smoking.  I am an RN and trust me, I tell many co-workers and patients about this product and my success with it."
"Went from spending two days unable to sleep due to absolutely unbearable tooth pain to more or less no more pain in 24 hours. Slight feelings of nausea but it doesn&#039;t even register compared to the horrific pain I was experiencing before it."
"I have been taking this medication for a while now, along with Azathioprine and Prednisone. Just today I stopped the Prednisone, after decreasing by a half each week. I experienced some remission of the Prednisone after I was at 2 and 1/2 pills, and bumped it back up to 5. I haven&#039;t experienced any bad side effects of the Sulfazine, and my only complaint is that it is really chalky. I am 13, and was diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis almost a year ago."
"I got the Implanton ... The insertion wasn&#039;t too painful the numbing stuff they put in first hurt the worst! I had a lot of spotting at first but now I don&#039;t really have a period at all. I have noticed a little weight gain but nothing too bad. The worst side effect is my loss in sex drive. It is GONE but I&#039;m hoping for my boyfriends sake it comes back. All in all I like the Implanon and think that it is a great choice for someone like me who will not remember to take a pill at the same time every day."
"I have had acne since puberty; I&#039;m 26. The first time I was ever happy about wrecking a motorcycle. I had to take Doxycycline Hyclate to clear up the infection on my knee due to the motorcycle wreck. I didn&#039;t even realize it but after 7 days my acne on my back was gone. I woke up in complete disbelief. I never really looked in a mirror because of my acne and now I look in the mirror every day. No acne. I cannot believe it. Going to a dermatologist in the next few days to receive an actual note to take more of it. "
"I had to start off at a very low dose, 12.5mg.  Starting at anything higher made me feel like I was having a heart attack.  Gradually increasing by just 12.5 mg for dose increases were much kinder.  My mind is becoming more clear and focused, my thoughts dont seem so cluttered, and I have a little room for improvement so far.  I target between 75-100 mg for feeling my best.

Typical warned side effects (GI upset) is as expected but with each small increase, resolves.

Sticking with it! :)"
"When I 1st heard of this pill I went straight to Google to see peoples experience ....which everyone was saying how much weight they lost so I had to try for myself ! I&#039;m 5&#039;2 n weighed 160 ! The 1st day I took it I was shocked on how high it made me feel. I had no trouble sleeping no bad side affects . After 6 days on pill I went from a size 10 to 8. I dropped 9 pounds. I just weighed myself and I&#039;m down to 146 and it hasn&#039;t even been 2 weeks. Yes this pill works but if u want to loose weight don&#039;t skip pills. Trust me its worth it. Good luck to y&#039;all !!"
"I haven&#039;t taken any other birth control pills prior to lessina but while on it my extremely heavy, 6 day long period has subdued to a light non-painful, 2/3 day period which to me in itself is amazing. I&#039;ve been on Lessina for about 7 months and the only side effects I can notice are that my breast are always sensitive and about 5-10 pound weight gain. No moody-ness or random crying. I&#039;ve always had headaches so I don&#039;t think I could tie that in with the BC pills."
"I was diagnosed with  neuropathy in my right knee down to my foot. This pain started when I was pregnant with my first son 23 years ago. It has gotten worse over the years. To make matters worse, I tore ligaments in my ankle from a fall at work. Finally after worker&#039;s comp. only with my ankle, I was referred to a neurologist. They did many tests and indicated that it was a sensory  nerve injury. He gave me a sample of this gel and told me to apply it 4x a day. It worked wonders. Pain was gone! I hope it continues to works this well in the future."
"I have had anxiety and OCD for as long as I can remember. I have also been on tons of SSRI medications (Wellbutrin, Zoloft, Cymbalta, etc). Celexa (Citalopram) has been amazing! I currently take 40 mg after starting on 20 and have been on it for about a year now. My mood is so much better, my anxiety is almost completely gone and I can now do things that I never could before such as going out and socializing with people without reservations or panic attacks. I have some side effects, the two main ones being some weight gain (about 15-20 pounds) and difficulty achieving climax at times. Considering how much this medicine has allowed me to &quot;live again,&quot; I can deal with these side effects."
"Hello I am on week 4 of Contrave and I have lost 22 lbs. I did experience some negative side effects mostly headaches and fogginess. I feel much better now the side effect have seemed to subside. My dr put me on a 1000 calorie diet and it has been rough but the Contrave helps by no means does it eliminate your appetite completely. I don&#039;t think I would have been able to stick to such a ridged diet if not for the medication. Also I walk 45min daily and do occasionally go over my calorie limit but just by a few hundred. All in all I would recommend this medication as long as you stick to a calorie reducing diet and some exercise. The pill doesn&#039;t make you lose weight it just really helps you stick to a healthy eating plan."
"I took this pill for birth control and to help my cramps.  It made my cramps so much better, hardly any at all.  When I got my period it was very light.  Spotting and just slight cramps.  I also did not get pregnant on this pill.  Those were the pros.  The cons were the lack of sex drive.  My sex drive greatly diminished, which was very frustrating for me and my fianc"
"Sometimes I get headaches that started when I switched to this from metoprolol."
"I was switched to Viorele from Azurette about 3-4 months ago. Azurette was amazing. Light periods, no cramps, no acne, no mood swings, no weight gain and did not mess with my Libido what so ever . It worked with my body perfectly. Since I&#039;ve been put on Viorele, I&#039;ve had the WORST mood swings, and bad depression. My boyfriend has even noticed that I never want to do anything anymore and am on the verge of crying/ having anger episodes. I have not been myself since I&#039;ve been on Viorelle. I was on my period for literally the first 2 months of taking it. I also have had NO sex drive. Which is also affecting my relationship. I know different medications effect differently to each person, but I wanted to share mine with this medication."
"I was prescribed Amlodipine for high blood pressure, and within six hours of taking the first tablet, developed severe tinnitus. I was advised to persevere with the medication, as the symptons often subside - they did not! After six weeks I ditched the dreadful Amlodipine, but still have tinnitus five weeks later, plus very unpleasant migraine type headaches ( something I had never had before ! )  Beware !"
"the only medication cleared my sinus infection. i have been on it for a month and my dr wants me to continue for another 4 weeks. I have not experienced any of side effects so far."
"I&#039;m currently not on any birth control and the condom broke, we noticed it after the deed was done. I was on day 16 of my cycle (day after ovulation) so I was in a very fertile stage. I&#039;ve never taken plan B before so I wasn&#039;t sure what to expect. I took it within 2 hours after the incident. The next 24 hours after taking it, I felt really nauseous and tired. I also had bad cramping on and off, mostly in my right side. My period started one day early and 12 days after taking the pill. Not sure if the pill had anything to do with me not getting pregnant or if I just got lucky. I&#039;ve read in numerous places plan b won&#039;t work if you&#039;ve ovulated already. Just something to keep in mind but it&#039;s worth a shot forsure."
"It didn&#039;t work and made me gain 70+ pounds. Conning off was AWFUL!"
"True effectiveness against pregnancy but I would definitely not recommended it!!! I had to get it removed!!!! I literally had a head ache that never went away!! Major migraines! I had lower back pain as if I was getting contractions.. I was so miserable! I could also feel it poking out through my skin! If you grabbed me touched a certain way it would hurt! I know taking the pill is a drag but I think out of all the methods that&#039;s the best!"
"At my job I needed medication that would last for up to two shifts or more 16 to 20 hours a day .I have been taking Hysingla ER 40 mg tablet, what a big difference. "
"I&#039;ve been using nuvaring for 4 months... so far so good! I have not experienced any side effects other than I&#039;ve lost almost 10lbs. I noticed my weight loss which is a great thing.. but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s directly from using the nuvaring either way I&#039;m very pleased. Nuvaring is convenient, nice not having to take a pill daily. My sex drive might be down a little bit but nothing major. My biggest issue is remembering that I even have the nuvaring in and remembering when to take it out."
"Saved my life."
"I am 25 years old and I have been dealing with anxiety and depression for most of my life. My GP prescribed me Fluoxetine 20mg and I have been taking it for 2 months now. I could see results within the first 2 weeks - things that bothered me everyday were slowly diminishing. It&#039;s not like they weren&#039;t in the back of my mind but it&#039;s almost like a wall was keeping me from thinking about those issues excessively. Essentially I don&#039;t care about petty things anymore and I am genuinely happy now! I still have anxiety/panic attacks but they are not as extreme as they once were. I did have side effects initially: indigestion, headache, fatigue, weakness, yawning, loss of appetite, and nausea. Those have diminished greatly now."
"Start a low fiber diet 6 days in advance w?lots of liquids, 3 days in advance start a soft food/soup diet using laxatives periodically throughout the week. The day before make sure the Suprep &amp; water are ICE cold in the fridge, when drinking the solution use the straw &amp; sip ice cold white grape juice (it&#039;s so sweet it cuts the taste of the Suprep). Process began about an hour afterwards.  Didn&#039;t have to sit in the bathroom just made sure I went when the rumbling began. Overall, WAAAAY better experience than 10 years ago!"
"I started smoking when I was 15 and quit when I was 25. I started again at age 42 and was unable to quit on my own. I used Chantix successfully for a year, but relapsed.  Subsequent quits would last a few weeks, then I would go back to a pack a day. I got a Rx for Wellbutrin.  It made me feel high at first but that has gone away.  No other side effects.  

With Wellbutrin SR, 150mg 2 X day, I was able to quit for 60 days.  After 60 days, I gradually worked up to a pack every 3 days.  That&#039;s right, a pack every 3 days.  Since I couldn&#039;t give it up completely, I am now on Chantix and Wellbutrin and have been smoke free for 3 weeks and 3 days without cheating.  Never stop trying to quit."
"I&#039;ve been on this now for just over 3 weeks and I can honestly say I have not had 1 single craving it is a miricle drug that I had never heard I till I was asked 4 weeks ago if I wanted to try it. The 1 down side to it for me is I have a very bad memory now I yak it amd was told about the side affects and they said memory function problems was the most seriois side affect but do you know what I don&#039;t care about the memory problems cos I have got my life back and I can as I have NEVER been happier then I am now. The stuff is amazing"
"Anxiety lifer here. My demon has gotten cruel in the past few years by manifesting itself in severe premature ventricular contraction (PVC&#039;s) every time I start to leave the house or get in a slightly stressful situation.  After a massive panic attack on a flight home from London to DC, I decided I had enough. I told my GP I want to go back on Lexapro. Like every other time, Lexapro works almost immediately for me - my PVC&#039;s and agoraphobia have muted drastically on only 5mg a day! Yes there is slight weight gain and potential sexual side effects but I&#039;ll take those over the other stuff any day. It&#039;s cliche but I do feel like I have my life back. I even ventured out for a run around the city tonight with zero PVC&#039;s. Sucks being on a drug but I&#039;m ok with it today."
"I&#039;m 28 yrs old and just started taking this 2 months ago. I abused med&#039;s in my teens &amp; for the past 6 yrs have turned down prescriptions for fear of addiction &amp; losing my personality and control. I gave Ritalin a shot at 10mg 2/day, 5 day/week none on weekends. I wish my parents would have taken me to a doctor to get checked out about 20 years ago. In 2 months I have been able to focus and concentrate on things like never before. I went from being an average student and poor test taker to above average and testing well. I don&#039;t snap at people as much as I did prior to taking. And still feel in control of who I am. The down side is I had to cut back on my coffee consumption. Its a good cause!"
"I have been on sertraline for 6 months now. In the beginning I experienced delayed ejaculation, followed by nausea, extreme dizziness and exhaustion. For three days I was on bed with these symptoms. Later condition improved and I felt better. But now I have body pain with continued dose."
"As an opiate addict for about 10 years with a nasty addiction this drug helped aid in the withdrawal/opiate detox. 

Needless to say it still wasn&#039;t easy. This made those long painful nights just a little more tolerable. It helped with the muscle pains where other opiate substitute medications failed me. Also I didn&#039;t feel the need to continue taking these once the opiate addiction was driven down to a tolerable rate.

As for the the upset stomach, I just tried to keep healthy foods in my diet and that slowly went away. This medication didn&#039;t help in that regard.

I had no side effects."
"Wonderful drug.  Kept pain at bay between 1st and 2nd surgeries for broken leg and ankle, compound fracture.  Is also working to mantain quality of life while bones are pinned waiting for 3rd surgery."
"It&#039;s working for me with no visible side effects to this date."
"My only regret is not trying this sooner! Could not have done it without the patches. Thank you so much for helping me quit! Officially a non smoker after 35 years!! I will never smoke again!! NEVER!"
"I was diagnosed with RA just under a year ago. I started with 10mg tablets with Folic Acid.  Initially I suffered from a lot of nausea and bad sleep etc.  I must confess though after the first diagnosis every twitch or cough made me think the worst.  My Dr. upped my dosage to 12.5mg and changed me to the injection which she said should take away the nausea which worked but the pains remained.  She also put me on anti inflamatory pills.  Shortly after my last check-up in July, my pains have nearly completely subsided so I didn"
"My Dr put me on crestor 6 weeks ago and my ldl went from 283 to 83.
He couldn&#039;t believe it.
I don&#039;t have any side effects or pain."
"Really effective, but really terrible side-effects. UTI and kidney infection both cleared up quickly, which I&#039;m grateful for, and ultimately that&#039;s the point. But I had nausea and vomiting, dizziness, diarrhea, joint aches, itchy skin, sore throat, loss of appetite... I felt way better with the infection than I did on the medication. But it&#039;s all temporary."
"Disclaimer: this is MY personal experience

Started Prozac at age 19 after issues with Effexor and after a few months I felt on top of the world--the happiest I had ever been. This was short lived. After 6 or so months something inside me snapped. Sex drive=0. My conscious turned into someone that wasn&#039;t me. Never heard voices before but they became overwhelming/evil &amp; I couldn&#039;t shake the suicidal thoughts. I ended up quitting cold turkey as I noticed myself double dosing, then triple dosing. My sex drive is still 0, I&#039;ve gained a ton of weight, and have been dealing with severe depression without meds because I&#039;m scared to take them again."
"I am an 18 year old female. I started taking Wellbutrin about 7 months ago for depression/anxiety. Honestly, I haven&#039;t noticed much of a difference. I think it has helped me control my emotions a bit more though/feel more stable. I&#039;ve just started my first year of college and I&#039;ve had a rough time but I think the WB helps keep my meltdowns to a minimum (sort of). I was hoping to lose a bit of weight but I didn&#039;t really notice any loss of appetite. I&#039;ve DEFINITELY noticed that if forget to take it for a day I feel absolutely miserable. Even if I take it a bit off schedule I feel sad for a day. Also, if I drink a bit too much, my hangover is AWFUL and I feel very sad the next day. Keep the drinking to a minimum or don&#039;t."
"Drug works if you can stand the side effects of constant Nausea."
"I love zolpidem, it works great for me. I&#039;ve been using it about 4 times a week for 9 months and so far I haven&#039;t had any tolerance or loss of effectiveness.  I&#039;m asleep within 30 minutes after taking it, every time. I have noticed that it makes me drowsy for a while the next day (not as bad as Tylenol PM or Unisom can).  There has also been a couple times when I have woken up in the middle of the night and done weird stuff that I don&#039;t remember, which is kind of scary. Overall though it has been a God send."
"When I first started take Sprintec, I had mild headaches for the first 3 months. I was on Sprintec for 1 year and had an insatiable appetite the entire time. I did, however, love that my periods got MUCH lighter, easier to track, and my horrible PMS pretty much disappeared. I got married and stopped taking it because my husband and I are ready for babies!"
"Works but I guess I used it too often and it made my nose bleed badly. The child proof cap is terribly designed and obviously not tested before hand. I had to use pliers to open the bottle and that still took time. I&#039;m looking for another brand because of this."
"I&#039;m a 22 year old college senior, and I&#039;ve been on Generess Fe for 7 weeks now. It&#039;s my first birth control pill and was prescribed to me because I hadn&#039;t had my period for 6 months, and I was also diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS). After a week of taking it, I was severely depressed for a day and a half, to the point where I considered seeking professional help, then I remembered that depression was a side effect. However, that was the only negative side effect I&#039;ve had. My periods have come like clockwork, and my cramps are not nearly as bad as they used to be. I don&#039;t mean to sound like I&#039;m actually selling this pill, but it&#039;s one of the best things I&#039;ve ever taken. It does exactly what it&#039;s supposed to do."
"This is the only birth control I have ever used &amp; I can honestly say I&#039;ll never use another one. I have been on it for about 3 1/2 years now. In the first month I gained about 5 pounds or so in water weight but after that I lost it, began getting lighter periods(now I haven&#039;t had one for about a year) &amp; my skin is clear almost 100% of the time. Everyone&#039;s body is different but I would definitely recommend this birth control to anyone looking to get on one."
"I&#039;ve been on Yasmin for 11 months, I switched this year because on Yaz (5 years on it) I was spotting fairly regularly (more in the last 1.5-2 years).So we decided to try this one because it was the next closest to Yaz (just higher estrogen) and I did not do well on Mirena (18 months on it and I got awful cystic acne along my jaw line, I was losing my hair, and getting body hair in weird places lol I&#039;m not a hairy person, nor do I have acne problems). I love Yasmin, it stopped my spotting, but my sex drive is basically non-existent. My skin is fine, I didn&#039;t have any strange side effects other than the decreased libido. It isn&#039;t 1 pill fits all Don&#039;t let the negative reviews scare you, talk to your DR and pharmacist about what&#039;s best for you"
"I had been trying to convince my boyfriend of 6 years to go to the doctor and get something prescribed to treat his panic attacks, GAD, etc. At the beginning of last year he finally went to the doctor after enduring panic and anxiety for 5 or 6 years. The doctor prescribed him Xanax which helped a lot but he still was unable to do a lot of things. Today is his seventh day using Lexapro and I am already beginning to see a difference in him. The first 4 days he had some pretty shocking side effects, i.e. dry mouth, nausea, bit of dizziness and unable to reach orgasm. However judging by how well he is doing on day 7, I have very high hopes for this medicine and am excited that he is finally going to get to really enjoy life the way he deserves."
"I get flare ups of gout, almost always in the largest toe joint sometimes often, and then not for months.  But I ALWAYS have an 11 pill series of Colcrys with me.  I don&#039;t travel ANYWHERE without it and my indomethicin.  4 pills the 1st day, then one a day for 7 days.  The pain is better after the 1st pill, less the second day and usually I can put a shoe on, walk and drive on day 3.

I suffered for years before I found out about colcrys, and spent many attacks in horrible pain, in the military, where all I could do was lace up my combat boots and soldier on.  I tried the &quot;home remedies&quot; with NO relief."
"I had L4 minimal evasive surgery on a Tuesday, went home Wednesday and Wednesday night my sciatica was killing me which was what the surgery was to correct. Called the Dr on Friday and was prescribed to take all the 1st days dosage at once and to continue to with regular dosage. My Saturday evening I was feeling 90% better, by Monday I was still doing well with a bit of an ache. My biggest issue was no sleep. I was awake until 3 and 4 am during those days. I will trade the not sleeping for the reduced pain."
"Prescribed for acne, 50mg capsule once daily. Had a few blemishes I couldn&#039;t get rid of and it helped clear up a few. Experienced  dizziness when first taking it then a couple days later developed small, red bumps on shoulders, it stayed that way and I really didn&#039;t see anything to worry about until the 6th day when I had a terrible swarm of symptoms occur that indicated a strong allergic reaction. I really didn&#039;t feel right when I first started taking it but no major symptoms to worry about, little did I know my body was having an allergic reaction for 6 days straight and then it became severe. I called my doctors office to let them know about the rash and they didn&#039;t contact me back in time to inform me that it was the start of an allergy"
"Great when used safely!"
"I had very good experience with this medication. Very few side effects or I should say none at all."
"I&#039;ve been getting cold sores once or twice a year for the past 20 years and they&#039;ve always been the same size, so I know my personal cold sores. I felt the signs of getting a cold sore so having heard abreva actually worked I thought I&#039;d give it a shot. At this point the cold sore was a tiny bump no bigger than a pinhead. After trying the pump bottle, my cold sore got a little bigger but I didn&#039;t think anything of it at first other than that I must not have caught it in time so that&#039;s why it grew more and I kept using abreva. THIS WAS A TERRIBLE THING TO TRY. This cold sore is now the biggest I have ever had in my life, has spread to HALF of my upper lip, and it is so swollen and painful! This is because of abreva  DO NOT USE!"
"Didn&#039;t do a thing"
"I am male with Fibromyalgia since the early 1990&#039;s.  Have tried a variety of regimens and some medications to help.  Started Savella the first time late in 2009.  Side effects became so bad that I chose to stop.  Fibromyalgia got to the point that it was ruining quality of life, so I started again in February.  This time, I decided to go really slow with the titration.  Two weeks at 25 mg a day, 2 weeks at 37.5 mg, etc.  Now at 50 mg a day in 2 doses.  Have occasional nausea, prostrate-like issues, headaches, and rapid heartbeat, but not severe enough to stop.  Pain management is much better.  May try increased dosage to see what happens.  Stick with it and go slowly is my advice."
"I have been taking Lexapro for over a year. Have gone from 10mg per day to 20mg per day. Switched between taking in the morning and taking at night. It has done nothing for me. I still have anger episodes, still worry constantly, and still big ups and downs. Hope to find something that helps soon. Good luck to all who are trying also."
"I have used this birth control for over 4 years. This birth control is AMAZING. 4 periods a year maximum. Sometimes I would only have 3 or 2. Recently though I found out that any birth control with estrogen is a health concern for women who get migraines that have vision issues, it can lead to stroke. My new insurance provider refuses to provide me any birth control with estrogen it. I started to cry when the doctor sprung this on me. I am so sad about not being on this birth control now. The only side effects that I have had is 1. I don&#039;t lubricate well when trying to have sex, so lubricant is a must. 2. Loss of sex drive."
"I&#039;ve been on this particular birth control for a little over a year now, I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 Fe and Lo Loestrin 24 Fe. It&#039;s helped more than Loestrin itself did. I haven&#039;t had bad acne, no weight gain whatsoever (it&#039;s extremely hard for me so weight gain is welcomed for me), no crazy mood swings, no nausea. Cramps haven&#039;t been the greatest, but they are better than they used to be on the other birth controls!"
"I&#039;m  33yrs old and have been on Victoza since 11/2010 starting weight of 202lbs and I have Insulin Resistance Pre-Diabetes. I&#039;m on a 1.2mg dosage.  I&#039;ve been following a low-carb diet (50g/day) and have lost 36lbs so far. I&#039;m no longer experiencing any side effects. I&#039;m amazed on how things I struggled with over the past 10 years are reversed.  I no longer have migraines and even my eye sight has improved."
"I am 33 was tested and had low t my results were 39 which is extremely low.  I started on androgel 1.62 two pumps made me very aggressive and I would snap and get angry so I went to 1 pump in the morning my sex drive went through the roof :) . After 6 wks I was tested the results were 432 that was exciting I also gained 15pounds I use to weigh 140 now I&#039;m staying between 150-156 I am stronger more energy can think better but I do have my days that suck it&#039;s all part of the test now not everyone is going to have results like mine so keep trying to find what it is that works also if your eating poorly that maybe the reason also try to eat healthy and workout"
"As soon as I began taking this medicine, my vision became incredibly blurry. Nausea and other stomach issues not as bothersome, but present daily nonetheless. Neorupathic problems in legs occurring daily. Tingling, sharp pains and numbness in different areas of feet and legs come on intermittently."
"In summer 2016, I decided to quit smoking after 30 years. I was able to cut my smoking back from 1 pack to 1 half pack a day, but always had cravings. A friend suggested I try Chantix. I went to the doctor, got the prescription, filled it, and promptly set it on the countertop where  it remained for a few weeks because I was afraid of the side effects being publicized. Finally, I told myself that I had one week to quit on my own or that I would try the Chantix. I couldn&#039;t quit on my own. I started Chantix as prescribed, and one week later on December 22nd I smoked my last cigarette at 6:35pm. Ten months later, I am smoke free and no longer think about smoking or the fact that I quit smoking. I live my life as a nonsmoker and its fabulous."
"I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder in 2006. My depression comes in cycles, but I take this medication every day. I was on Zoloft for about 3 years off and on and gained about 30 pounds, was tired all the time, and had some discouraging sexual side effects to top everything off. I did my research and discovered Wellbutrin, which other people said was more stimulating and had no sexual side effects. I asked my doctor if I could switch and started tapering off Zoloft while starting 150 mgs of Wellbutrin. My doctor upped the dose to 300 mgs and I had never been happier! It has drastically changed my life. Lost weight and can get up in the morning without being a total grouch. I only gave it a 9 because of the cost."
"After a few hours of taking the first pill, I felt slightly sick and sleepy. I woke up feeling down and took the next pill, about three hours later I was nauseous and sick to my stomach. I threw up after the 5 hours of nausea and finally felt a little better. On the third day I didn&#039;t take it because I was already feeling emotional and depressed, not to mention still sick and slightly week.

A birth control pill has never affected me this way before."
"What would I give to not take medication! I am 18, and have been taking Concerta for 3 years now. It helps me to keep things in order, stop forgetting things, concentrate in class for long periods of time, do mundane tasks I hate. However, within the first week of taking it I will feel very moody, have tics, etc. I get excited and anxious easily. In the evenings, it is impossible to concentrate and it gets me often very frustrated or irritable. I have been considering changing medications or stopping because it suppresses my creativity and will have me concentrate on negative thoughts causing depression. However, the withdrawal effects will make me very lazy, depressed, or even manic. "
"It makes any impossible situation more possible, it controls violence rage temper anger towards others. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, panic attacks and keeps you calm.  The best!"
"My SUPREP kit had the mixing cup and 2 bottles of the solution. It smelled like grape soda. 20 minutes or so prior to use, I put it and the water in the freezer to chill, mixed it, used a straw and - it tasted like the &quot;Nugrape&quot; soda I drank as a kid. I was easily able to drink it. No nausea. Did it&#039;s job. No sweat."
"Relpax has been a wonder drug for me..other than having to wait an hour for it to kick in, I&#039;ve had no side effects at all.  The only worry I have is the neurologist told me that it can stop working if you use it too often."
"Day one.  This is the first day in the past two years that I haven&#039;t over-eaten.  I had gastric bypass and lost lots of weight.  I thought i was fine.  Then I was attacked by a co-worker.  It set off massive depression and PTSD.  I moved from Hawaii to PA-and I cant eat that much, but slidder food-chips, bread, eggs, diet soda and coffee with cream.  I don;t like sweets.  But, I eat crap. This is the first day without Chips/mcdonalds/fries....I have no heart racing, No problem with anxiety, no jitters.  I was able to chose a nice low cal dinner, and no CHIPS...they are my weakness.  I am so happy to stop the binge."
"Just great. I do not use the prescribed amount (0.5mg every 8 hours or every 4 hours as needed). I have not used for a week now but just took 1/2 pill and 25 minutes later I feel good."
"I&#039;ve been taking 25mg twice a day for about 6 weeks and have experienced no side effects whatsoever. I feel normal and competent for the first time in years. Prozac and Celexa both gave me such bad dreams that I had to discontinue them. That being said, I consider my anxiety and depression to be largely situational and temporary, and I hope eventually to be drug-free."
"I was prescribed Loestrin 24 Fe a few years back by my GYN. I only took it for about a month then stopped due to side effects such has dizziness and chest pain."
"I reviewed this site because I have been on Invokana for a month- and I&#039;ve noticed significant hair loss.  I see that at least one other person has mentioned that."
"I had acne since the 7th grade. Tried everything from prescription topical creams, laser treatment, etc. but nothing ever worked. By the end of my sophomore year in high school my dermatologist prescribed me a 6 month supply of Accutane. I can&#039;t stress enough how amazing this pill is. Yeah, I had dry skin and lips like the rest of you but who cares? That stuff CAN be fixed with simple solutions...obviously severe acne cannot. I&#039;ve been off it for about 3 years and the acne has not come back. If you have bad acne and you&#039;re contemplating Accutane..give it a try. It&#039;s worked for many people and really boosts your confidence."
"Asked my doc for prescription 5 weeks ago. I was shocked when I weighed myself. First month I gained 16 pounds. I had two kids both one year apart. Started losing weight like crazy. Too busy to eat. Well, it keeps you hungry. However, if you go out and buy protein bars and the weight gain shakes, they help fill you up. Ensure is good too. Also on depot so not sure which one makes me crave sweets. I&#039;m suppose to be 150 I&#039;m solid about 5&#039;8. Went down to 118 within weeks. Perfect health just no appetite. The shakes are easy to make and buy some already cooked meals and lots of snacks. I thought my stomach was going to eat itself. I do recommend taking an allergy pill with drowsy affects at bedtime a week before you start. 140 last check"
"After experiencing a nasty bulge disc , L5/6 and diagnosed with retro lethesis I spent 3 years from chiro to physio , but couldn&#039;t kick the intense pain in my back which would go all over my back. At times I&#039;d be in bed for days. 
I saw a pain specialist and was given norflex. I took 100mg once a day and after 2 days I was pain free.  I now only take it when it flares which isn&#039;t often.  It changed my life for the better."
"I have had chronic neck pain for years. It flares up in the cold weather. I was recently prescribed Mobic and I tried it for a week, with no difference in pain. I was later prescribed Voltaren which works great."
"Today is 1 week of the two drugs in contrave, taken separately, and in different doses than contrave. (Cheaper w/ insurance to do it this way.) So far I am very pleased. Down some, the scale is flipfloping a bit--it actually broke-- but think I&#039;m down between 5-7 lbs. My energy has increased, and the SEs are minimal. I take a homeopathic called nux vomica the second my stomach feels funny, and I&#039;ve not really experienced and feelings of nausea because of it. Dreams are interesting and pleasant. Overall, I am extremely happy with my results so far. Three questions: Anybody else taking the drugs separately? Any girls out there still feel PMS cravings? Any reports from long term users?"
"After only 2 applications my skin had a nearly normall appearance and feel."
"My testosterone wad 153 and on the second test was 125. The doctor started me on two pumps a day and after 90 day it. Was 194. The only change was my atomic hot flashes had stopped. They were really bad and after the flash I would freeze in my soaked clothes.

So now it has changed to bad night sweats. I do not feel the heat but wake up covered in sweat. I now use four pumps a day and it has been a week. I know I have to be patient, but if two pumps increased the reading by less than 70 I do not see that four pumps will bring me above 300.

I have chronic pain and have to use a lot of opioids every day. This likely caused the problem and continues to fight the testosterone. My pain doctor told me I need to get on with my life as much as possible "
"I wish I could give this medication a ZERO. I had been on Ortho Tri-cyclin Lo for 8 years with no side effects. My insurance switched me to Sprintec and I only took it for a week when my entire face broke out which never happens to me, I had horrible head aches and developed an ulcer which I&#039;m not sure is related."
"Has done a very effective job with my bipolar. Got off Xanax and Cymbalta.  The best thing is no side effects and has helped my social anxiety. Only need 0.5 mg. highly recommend. Never posted on meds before but feel strongly about this one."
"I am 39 years old now, and have been on Tegretol since I was 20.  I have not had a seizure for 19  years.  Then, this past weekend, I went on a trip and did not take my Tegretol for 3 out of the 4 days I was there.  The next day, I had a grandmal seizure and the ambulance came.  I attribute it to becoming complacent and it really bit me, but I will not make this mistake of being lazy and not taking it again.  I was on 200 mg for the last 3 years without a problem, but will increase it to 400 mg just in case.  Tegretol really does work wonders and I hope to be seizure free the rest of my life, if I can faithfully stay on this medicine."
"Vyvanse is hands down, in my opinion, the best ADHD medication out there. I was on Concerta from the ages of 7-13, then again from 20-21. I received genetic testing and it came back that my body doesn&#039;t metabolize Concerta very well. So the doctor gave me Adderall, which was too harsh with the come up and come down. Then made the switch to Vyvanse. Best decision. 

#1. You don&#039;t crash when you are on it. It has the smoothest come up and come down compared to Adderall and Concerta. 
#2. Vyvanse lasts a good 10-14 hours in the body 
#3. It has the longest duration of action
#4. It has low addiction potential 
#5. It also is the only one that helps manage my binge eating disorder"
"Extraordinarily overpriced since it is plant based - which means it is probably just soy. Even with my medicare drug insurance, it was going to be over $200. I called a Pharmacy where I used to get my compounded hormones - $27 plus shipping. Suggest you do too.
"
"I was a little apprehensive about using Chantix, but I&#039;m glad I did. After 50 years of smoking, I am smoke free. The first week, I cut down to half a pack of cigarettes, 2nd week I lit a cigarette and put it right out...smoke free ever since.  No side effects at all. At times I think of a cigarette, but that fast the thought leaves.  I recommend this to all smokers who want or have to quit.  Today, 8/21/09 is my 5th smoke free week!  So far, just the first 4 weeks on Chantix worked, I don&#039;t feel as though I need to renew.  Time will tell.  Thanks!"
"I had diarrhea for almost a month I have tried everything over the counter that you can find is this the only thing that has happened to stop the diarrhea it&#039;s been around forever and it&#039;s the only thing that&#039;s worked"
"I had problems with Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome (POTS) fainting around my period. I was tested negative for anemic. The doctors tested everything and everything was negative. I started the shot in March and it is now July and I gain 10ish pounds (which is common) and have not fainted at all! Great medicine. Works different for everybody."
"I&#039;ve only been taking Yaz a month, but in that month I dropped ten pounds. I started having this weird burning sensation in my stomach. I get really bad dizzy/spacy spells. I&#039;m switching back to my other birth control!"
"I take Augmentin when I get a sinus infection and it works fast."
"After completely stopping my antidepressant and then making a disappointing career change, I slipped into a permanent state of anxiety. I couldn&rsquo;t sleep, eat or function. Unfortunately there were not any reliable mental health resources available. I was not in the state of mind to make any decisions regarding my care and unfortunately all mind altering meds take time to work. My unbearable anxiety turned into the darkest depression I have ever experienced. I felt completely worthless, hopeless and suicidal. I would spend the days ruminating. The simplest of tasks felt like a marathon. I became afraid of everything with no explainable reason. The Effexor helped but it takes time. Be patient. Withdrawals are bad but I&rsquo;m alive."
"I am a 52 healthy 4 days a week workout no health problems at all in my life. Have this medicine for 4 days and sent me to the hospital for 4 days. Chills High Fever, body ache and an infection I previously did not have before: c Diff and a bloody eye. If this medicine do this to a healthy woman I cannot image what would do to somebody not that healthy"
"Started spotting 3rd week starting seasonique generic camrese.  Bleeding was very minimal spotting the first week.  But I am now on my 9 th day and started passing clots.  My periods before starting seasonique were at most 5-6 days long I&#039;ve never in my life experience bleeding for so long.  I started this bc in hopes of not having so many periods and since I was very irregular I wanted to control it.  Only thing so far I&#039;ve experienced is more bleeding!!!  I&#039;m getting married in 3 months what am I supposed to do if this bleeding doesn&#039;t stop?!  Does anyone suggestions?  Otherwise I&#039;m thinking of just stopping altogether"
"I had Mirena placed in on September 12,2014. I just had my second child in July 2014 so the insertion was not painful! I liked the concept of having Mirena but now that I have it, I have not stopped bleeding since!!! I can&#039;t have sex ever because I am always spotting! It is just annoying!! I am really considering getting it removed! I would much rather have my period once a month then bleed every single day!!"
"I went to my primary doctor for a check up. I told him that I just was not feeling right. He referred me to the mental health clinic. The doctor there asked me a lot of questions about how I felt, was I suicidal. Discussed my military life. And any combat experience. That was to check on PTSD. She started me on Paxil. I had the usual side effects of dry mouth, couldn&#039;t sleep, excessive urination, constipation, and diarrhea. But I got over the side effects when my body got used to the medication. 
One of the main problems with this medication is that I cannot get an erection and cannot orgasm. "
"I just  started taking 35 mg 3x a day and the only side effect is the bad taste in mouth. But as an appetite suppressant it is great! I just chew sugar free gum if it gets bad. Sometimes the taste will make you not want to eat which is good 2!!!"
"I never had depression in my life. Then I went through a major depression episode 2 years ago. I tried 7 different antidepressants none worked some made me even worse my doctor decided efexor  I was very reluctant after reading horror stories about coming off of Efexor well I&#039;m happy to say it worked for year-and-a-half, it had made me better within two weeks of taking it however I started to experience depression while taking it I decided to wean myself off and had no problems coming off of it. I did it slowly and it&#039;s been a month with no side effects of coming off this drug saved me from the deep dark hell of depression. Every drug is different from everybody this drug work for me I only took it for a year-and-a-half 37.5 mg."
"I have only been taking Contrave for 3 weeks. I have felt a little nauseous occasionally. The worst side effect is insominia. I started at 241lbs and after 3 weeks 233lbs. I feel happy, like I could take on the world. Perhaps the antidepressant is responsible. Certainly not like past diet pills that make you hyper and nervous. I really think this drug is a miracle so far. I make better eating choices and don&#039;t eat as much. I attribute this to not having cravings and not really caring that much about a meal any longer. Wish my insurance would cover it but it&#039;s well worth the price so far."
"First and last month on this. I did notice mild nausea for a half a day at the start of the pack but that went away quickly. I&#039;m not sure if I&#039;ve gained any weight but it sure does seem like it. My breasts are wayyyy more tender than they ever have been but the worst thing is the spotting. I&#039;ve been spotting for the last three days and its so painful. My periods are usually easy and last only a few days. The cramps I&#039;ve experienced before this pill were mild compared to the cramps brought on my Tri Lo. I was on Yaz when I was 18 and had NO issues with it so I&#039;m going to try switching. The spotting is horrible and I think it&#039;s given me a yeast infection or something cause I&#039;m unusually itchy. I&#039;M DONE WITH THIS PILL!!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lutera for around a year and I think it&#039;s a great birth control. My periods are usually pretty light, but one thing I&#039;ve noticed is that I get brown discharge quite often (no I don&#039;t have STD&#039;s). My doctor told me that Lutera would be a better birth control for me because it has a lower dose of hormones than many other birth controls since I&#039;ve had bad experiences with others. I&#039;ve had no weight gain, and have actually lost around 40lbs since I switched from the Depo shot to Lutera. I recommend it!"
"This pill is total shit. it was prescribe to me to regulate my periods and while it did do that, the side effects were horrendous. The third week of the third month I suffered a severe panic attack at work and was out of work for the rest of that week. I barely left my house and was afraid to drive for the remainder of the week.I had subsequent panic attacks and severe anxiety for the rest of that week along with chest pains and heart palpitations. At one point my anxiety levels were so high I thought I would vomit. I was so scared that I would drop dead any minute from a heart attack. This drug made me a severely anxious emotional irrational mess of a human being. and many of the side effects have lingered for the past five months...."
"I was told to take 500mg twice a days for 20 days and after 7 days I developed Severe vaginal itching and discharge severe itching on arms and face burning of tongue. I continued to take the rest like I was prescribed and have been done with it for 5 days and just now overcoming the side effects"
"My 37 year old son is a Type I diabetic-totally insulin dependent. His endocrinologist put him on 10mg Jardiance last Saturday. We were initially impressed that his sugar readings were better but Wednesday night he started vomiting uncontrollably and in severe pain all over. We rushed him to hospital. His kidneys were not functioning. He went from ER to ICU with keto acidosis.. I read all over the internet that this medication is NOT for Type I diabetics. When we called the doctor,he blamed his condition on SCUBA diving which is ridiculous. We always SCUBA and he has never had a problem as he monitors his diabetes carefully. He got sick hours after SCUBA diving. ICU kidney specialist said he should never had been put on this medicine."
"I had been on Allegra for allergies for almost 10 years. This year it stopped working and began to make my heart race. I also developed new allergies (to foods). My general practitioner mentioned Xyzal to me, gave me some samples, and instructed me to start out with the pediatric dose 2.5mg to see how I reacted to the medicine and how effective it was for me. All I can say is, it&#039;s AWESOME! It is fast acting, stopping the itchy nose, throat, ears and non-stop sneezing soon after taking it. No crazy heart rhythms, hung over feelings, or depression with this antihistamine. It&#039;s a keeper!"
"The combination of antihistamine benefits along with the codeine to calm the coughing is a necessary combination to help the healing process. Recommend only in uncontrollable coughing spells this combination."
"I love it honestly it&#039;s just that my skin is really irritated for the first couple of days. No matter where I put it I&#039;m constantly scratching. It really is better than birth control pills because I only have to worry about it once a week. It&#039;s a myth about the whole use a patch on your patch free week if you don&#039;t want to get your period. I still ended up getting my period the next week so it&#039;s not like you won&#039;t get your period at all. I must admit that it did shorten my period and I don&#039;t really get cramps anymore. I still get acne during that time of month but I&#039;ve always been like that so I don&#039;t blame the patch. Overall it&#039;s great I&#039;ve been using it for over a year."
"Had Othro tri cyclen lo for many years pharmacy switched to this generic prescription horrible spotting between periods, acne,bloating,hives,and missed period called Doctor to switch back my normal pill othro."
"My doctor told me he takes 50mg to help me sleep while his mind relaxes after a stressful day so I have been on the same dosage for almost a month now.  It really works for me.  I have bladder problems and been dealing with being very anxious about some other issues as well.  I have less trouble falling asleep and my mind pays less attention to the call of the bathroom.  At one time I was getting up 5 or more times and now I get up about 2 times a night.  I am getting more deep sleep and feeling more rested when I get up."
"It has improved my husband&#039;s life. His heart doesn&#039;t beat so weak or irregularly. Doctor says it is essential to his remaining heart muscle to beat strong &amp; regular. Has lessened some of the chest discomfort. Only side effect noticed (at initial dose,) was the effect it had on his appetite. Initial dose was w/a.m. meds; but, went all day without eating a thing. I suggested taking w/p.m. dose. Cardiologist approved; works great. Now eats his 3 regulars daily and looks a lot better."
"Execedrin Migraine works GREAT. I have experienced migraine headaches since age 14. I am now 23 and there has been no other over the counter medicine that has worked like Excedrin Migraine. The only thing that has me concerned/worried is that I don&#039;t know if it has or may have a long term effect. If anyone knows please post a comment. Other than that I love this medication and I have recommended to friends and anyone I know that has migraines and they even say it works! I can wake up with a migraine and feel confident that as soon as I take Excedrin Migraine the pain will start to minimize until it completely goes away and after the pain goes away I feel lots of energy and fully awake."
"This was the first prescription for a salivary gland infection - 150mg x3 a day. I wasn&#039;t given any information about it, which is alarming after having looked up the side effects. I have thalassemia and Irritable Bowel Syndrome, so this was definitely a bad choice for me. Had to stop taking it after 6 doses, as I nearly passed out at work. After being off of it for 4 days and taking so little of it, I&#039;m still experiencing the side effects as if I were still taking it, even with probiotics. I would recommend taking it as a last resort, but not at all if you already have digestive issues or blood disorders."
"I took this for a year and one month and unfortunatly I&#039;m switching to a generic brand since it&#039;s becoming very expensive even though I have insurance. It started off at $34 last February but now (as of this March) it&#039;s $44. The first few months were terrible. I was extremely moody and I felt like I was becoming depressed. Every week I was crying and somedays I had migraines and felt nauseous. I stuck it out and after those first few months my mood went back to normal. I didn&#039;t gain any weight and my sex drive remained the same. I rarely get cramps now &amp; my period is pretty much non existent which I was nervous about at first but now I&#039;m ok with it. I really wish I could continue with taking this brand but I&#039;d rather get free birth control."
"I guess I can&#039;t complain. You get on birth control to not get pregnant. I&#039;ve been on Levora for about 5 months now and I have recently decided I AM DONE. Since starting this pill I have gained 12 pounds. For the past two years of my life I have weighed between 108 and 110. Levora makes you crave food like crazy. I have turned into an emotional wreck. I cry all the time, I am easily annoyed and fly between depression and feeling fine within minutes. I have lost all sex drive. Its absolutely gone."
"Just a bit of info before I share my experience. I never had kids. Recommend taking 4 pills of Ibuprofen with food before your IUD placement 1 hr before. My pain level is not very good so that is another thing to keep in mind. I chose paragard because hormones BCP makes me gain over 30 lb in 1 year was on ortho lo and nuva ring. Did not like it at all. Paragard IUD so far placement was painful. Most painful part was dilation and placement of IUD. Pain is like abdominal and vaginal cramps that are 7/10 scale. my periods are heavy I&#039;m lucky to not have cramping on my IUD but man I had really heavy period for 3 weeks. Dr. State that this is normal. Other than that my appetite is back to normal. Weight is finally dropping too. Very happy."
"It seem to start out good, then I noticed I was bruising very easy and with my period and or if i cut my self I was bleeding pretty bad. Went to ER one weekend because I felt so bad and my blood count platelets where 53.  I have been battling that for the past month saw the hemotologist today I have been off the med for a month blood count is slowly going back up. Just be careful and watch for the side effects."
"I love Lexapro! It helps me stop drinking, lose weight and I have way less anxiety now. For all those people that have sexual dysfunction, try taking it at night right before bed, after sex. I have no problems in that area now!"
"Worked both times I took it, no side effects, period came right on time. DO NOT STRESS!"
"I was given this drug as a prescription for sleep issues that I was having.  At the time I had no known indications of depression or anxiety. It was simply to help with my sleep patterns since I travelled extensively.  After taking the drug for a few months I simply stopped because I was on a more regular sleep cycle.  Within a week, I was completely incapacidated, diagnosed with severe depression, anxiety and exhaustion.  I also became terrified of daily activities and was incapable of even showering myself.  I have never experienced such a dark space in my life.  It wasn&#039;t until later that my symptoms were tied to this medicine withdrawal.  I am furious about that and now taking another med to recover from this one, and then weened off."
"I have a severe acid reflux and my doctor recommended Nexium. I took it only 5 days and experienced no difference whatsoever. Absolutely no change. I still have severe acids and to be honest the drug seemed to make my symptoms worse. As well I am 100% sure it interacts with antidepressants and lowers their effectiveness! So if you are taking SSRI, please be aware!"
"i got the litletta put in about 3 weeks ago. I had started my period a day before normally last only a week or so , putting it in  wasn&#039;t that bad I did flinch a little but wasn&#039;t too bad.... I had just had my baby 7 weeks before. it only felt like a pinch and I was cramping for like 20 min afterwards and that&#039;s it. I have felt a bit bloated here and there and iv been spotting since.... ill update in a bout a month to see how its going. oh and that same day my doctor did a sonogram to make sure it was in place and it was. but so far so good just waiting on the spotting to stop."
"Not sure why you all have had issues. Mind us not taking it correctly but I have never took BC before so....I have been taking this birth-control for nine months now with no side effects whatsoever. I take it for three weeks, get my period on Monday and start taking another pack the following Sunday (only 3 rows). I don&#039;t take it as regularly as I should, I skip a day or two and then take the two that I missed. I&#039;ve been doing that the last 3 to 4 months. I started spotting but I have another week left of birth. I know this happens but hasn&#039;t with me missing pills. Should I be worried that I have not gotten pregnant (I have never been pregnant before and worry I may not be able to) or is this just normal."
"This medication has honestly changed my life.  I am now at 10 days binge free (it took me a while to find the right dose) and I am feeling so much better!  I started on the dose of 30mg but I found that it was wearing off in the early evening and I had a few binge episodes.  I am a college student so I couldn&#039;t get into my family doctor to adjust the dosage until I went hope for reading week.  When I followed up with her she started me on an afternoon 10mg dose and ever since I started taking it I have not binged.  I feel so much better about myself without binging and without consuming way too much food I have so much energy to go to the gym.  I would recommend giving this a try if you have the opportunity to do so :)"
"I went on Levora because I wanted to skip and reduce my heavy periods as well as clear up my hormonal acne. At first my acne cleared, but around 6 months later, my acne returned and seems to be worse, some actually cystic. My periods are still immensely heavy and around 6 days, but I skip my period for 3 months at a time so I am thankful I have birth control to be able to only have it a few times a year. I get terrible cramps and even my parents noticed that my moods are inconsistent and that my depression seems to have worsened. I have gained weight that is seemingly impossibly to lose and my sex drive is so low for a teenager. I&#039;m going to stop taking it after this pack and see how my body reacts."
"Constant bloating, my breast have grown from a small C to large D. Gained about 20 lbs since March. I have no bleeding but I do get acne and cramping."
"I tried this med and I cant say I had a good experience. I guess it did suppress appetite but it also made me feel really down and tired. I wasn&#039;t even able to work out when I was on this med. I took it for 3 days and could not tolerate it any longer. My doctor switched me to Belviq and I love it its wonderful."
"It has worked really well for my severe OCD, depression, anxiety and panic.  It stabalizes my mood too.  The side effects are awful for me, though.  Sexual side effects (like my genitals are numb) and severe constipation are the two side effects that keep me from being on a more therapeutic dose.  At 100mg, the side effects are bad.  At 50mg I&#039;m OK in terms of side effects, but the benefits are minimal.  I will be going up to 75mg and see how that goes.  

In the past I had been on 150mg and then 200mg.  I had never been happier.  I think I may have been too happy rather than normal happy, though."
"In 2010-I arrived to the Emergency Department, believing I was trying to pass a Kidney Stone...After 7 hours, I felt a razor sharp pain, and was rushed into Surgery, after it was discovered my Appendix had ruptured. When I opened my eyes, I was terrified!  A Nurse was leaning over me, trying to calm me, explaining that I had a bad reaction to the Anesthesia, &#039;Rocuronium&#039;, which was why I was on Life Support, and totally Paralyzed! I have never been so afraid, in my whole Life! Luckily, I had a Great Team looking after me, and in time, was able to have the Breathing Tube removed, and breathe and move, on my own. I have since had over 7 more Surgeries, and have been fine-now that I am aware of my Allergy to Rocuronium!"
"Very few (one, normally) will cure any headache I have had."
"so i just got my 3rd one put in yesterday ! my last 2 were perfect . i think the whole &quot;weight gain&quot; is in peoples head! and a lot of people use it as a quick cop out. &quot; oh i gained weight because the birth control.&quot; but my personal experience is great no periods. no crazy mood swings. no weight gain. and no babies !! i definitely recommend it! but everybody has their own experience and everybody reacts to things differently , but me personally i love it !"
"This drug is amazing. Lost 2lbs first week. No cravings.  I have to remind myself to eat. I do have a lot of dizziness."
"I started back in October after suffering about 6months with acne that just kept on getting worse.I had pus filled pimples and small cysts. I didn&#039;t see major results until about 2 months in and even then I was still getting one or two cysts. On my third month I wasn&#039;t getting cysts and would only get small pimples. I suggest if you start the pill and don&#039;t see results immediately to just stick with it for at least 3 months. After my pimples went away I got red hyperpigmentation (which alot of people have been blaming on the pill; its not its from the old pimples) so now I put a little bit of lemon on those parts to lighten them &amp; its been working. As for my period it last for 4 days now instead of 7 but I still bleed alot."
"Hello everyone I was 13 years old when I started the depo. I finally got off the depo at 28 then turned around and got the 10 year IUD at the age 29. Now I&#039;m 30 years old turning 31 in July. I never been pregnant never had no abortion. Now I want a child and can&#039;t even get pregnant. I just don&#039;t know what to do. If you know any fertility pills let me know please."
"i started taking 50mg just yesterday and immediately i noticed a huge difference. i have tried so many other antidepressants that were just awful on my system but this one so far seems to be great. i have noticed an immediate appetite decrease which is perfect since i tend to eat due to anxiety and depression. food just has lost its magic and a lot of its taste. but i still feel hunger which tells me it&#039;s time to eat, and i eat only till i am full. i have also noticed a slight tingling and twitching in my arms and hands, but only slight, and i am sweating more than usual. my jaw feels a bit tense as well, and all of these mild symptoms should go away once my body becomes accustomed to this new drug so i&#039;m told by my doctor. happy times!"
"I am on 80mg of Latuda, 1050 mg of Lithium, 12.5mg of Ambien CR and can say I feel normal and happy again. I got my life back!"
"I use Xanax (1mg) for anxiety and panic disorder. This medicine has been the only drug that has brought relief to to my constant anxiety. I don&#039;t know where I&#039;d be without it. I take the use of this drug very seriously and don&#039;t abuse it. I use it only when needed for panic or when anxiety is so intense I simply can&#039;t tolerate it any longer. When used properly this drug is safe and you will not become addicted. It&#039;s very fast acting (15 min) which is important when a panic attack hits. Side effects are minimal for me. I get the &quot;jelly legs&quot; and that&#039;s about it. It&#039;s never made me stumble or fall though. The generic version isn&#039;t quite as good as the real stuff, but if you must use generic, the round blue tabs are better than the oval ones."
"Only took 3 pills - was sent to the hospital for feeling like I had the flu with intense body aching, chills, migraine, and fever. I was in so much pain I cried. I am 18 weeks pregnant. I wondered why my OB office prescribed me a different antibiotic than in the past but I knew right away something was wrong. It left me feeling poisoned and extremely ill. It&#039;s been 2 days since my last pill and I still have pain behind my eyes, my neck, head, and back. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS. IT&#039;S POISON."
"I&#039;ve been on Minastrin for 5 months now. The first 3 were horrible. I had every possible side effect- bloating, mood swings, sore chest, acne, spotting, you name it! About my fourth month, my body got adjusted and I now love it. No spotting, mood swings, and my acne has subsided. For those who are just now on it, push through."
"I have suffered from anxiety/depression since I was a teenager. I have tried various medications, but I have never stayed on anything too long because they always made me feel like a zombie or the side effects were worse than the symptoms. Celexa really gave me my life back. My racing thoughts and manic mood swings are long forgotten. I have never had any side effects while taking Celexa, but when I stop taking it (i.e. waiting for refill prescription), I crash pretty hard. I can&#039;t sleep, have HORRIBLE restless leg syndrome (which I use to swear was made up), and anxiety 10 fold. Other than that, its amazing, and it completely gives me back my normal self."
"I have been on Viibryd for about 8 months now. In the past, I have been on Zoloft, Effexor, and Pristiq. The Pristiq seemed to work okay for a while, then it seemed to slowly stop working, so my psychiatrist recommended trying Viibryd since it has an added built-in benefit similar to Abilify&#039;s low-dose impact when administered with an anti-depressant. I think the worst part about changing medications is coming off of older antidepressants. With Viibryd, the added &quot;spark&quot; appeared during week 2 (20 mg). I have never felt better in my life. Anxiety ran high for the first couple of weeks, but that was the only side-effect and it was short-lived. Additionally, zero sexual side effects."
"Works great on pain. I would be bedridden without it."
"I started this medication a week ago and I have already seen fantastic results! I went to the dermatologist thinking that she was going to put me on another medication that wouldn&#039;t work. I was pretty much hopeless. But within almost 3 days of being prescribed I saw my skin clearing! I know what it feels like to have no hope that your skin will get better, but this worked so well for me. I highly suggest it. So far I have no side effects. Loss of appetite is the only one I&#039;ve noticed, which isn&#039;t bad at all."
"I tried it and had a big attack. But I guess that&#039;s normal when you have anxiety. I read some of these comments and decided to give it another try. Lets see what happens. "
"I had my mother taking this for her allergies.  It did nothing for her.  After taking for almost 3 weeks, she broke out in hives.  We stopped immediately.  Went back to Clariten"
"Since I was 16 years old I&#039;ve been in so much pain!  I also deal with endometriosis and TMJ, so the pain can get pretty unbearable! I&#039;m only 23 and a stay at home mom of a two year old, so you can just imagine how bad things can get! I was finally diagnosed with fibromyalgia last month and my doctor gave me Savella. I can honestly tell you within one week the huge difference it had made! I was very emotional the first time I finally felt relaxed, as you can imagine 7 years of constant pain had taken a huge tool on my young life (which I pretty much missed out on college, parties etc.) I haven&#039;t had any side effects with Savella, it has saved me! I really hope it works for you as much as it does for me!"
"I have suffered from depression on &amp; off since childhood as I had gone through a lot of trauma in my childhood. I believe my brain was rewired due to the depression I&#039;ve endured since - that first started when I was 9 yrs old. I&#039;ve been on about 14 different antidepressants of all types (including MAOI &#039;s &amp; mood stabilizers &amp; none of them had really worked for me. I gave up on everything - &amp; truly believed I&#039;d just had to accept wanting to die almost daily for the rest of my life!!! I finally asked my Dr. if I could try any new antidepressants &amp; he prescribed Pristiq. 
This is the start of my 3rd month on it &amp; it&#039;s changed my life! I&#039;m actually feeling wonderful &amp; have found hope again! On 50mgs/day."
"Was totally lost, unable to work, even come out of my room. Still not perfect but a huge improvement. Able to even travel a little."
"Best medicine for anxiety."
"I&#039;m only a few days in on my 1st injection  and can not wait till its gone thru me. I will doubtfully be continuing this med. I was told about the possible nausea and that it usually presents 3-4 days in. To that I timed my dose to not  present while I was on shift as I work 4days straight thru @a group home. Well it wasn&#039;t 3-4 days in, rather 4 HOURS in. I am working a shift from hell VERY sick. Extreme acid reflux, gas, horrible smelling burps, extreme nausea, headaches and dry heaves as can not eat. Can&#039;t even hold down water. Sure! Losing weight is inevitable if you can not even hold down water or eat! With that low #s are a no-brainer if you&#039;re unable to eat!"
"My doctor started me on a very low dose of this (100mg). I have anxiety, depression, and (a questionable diagnosis, pending review) of bipolar disorder. The first day I took this I had a full blown panic attack. My heart was racing so fast and I was experiencing pretty bad chest pain and heaviness, so much so that I called the office and they wanted me to stop taking it and go to the ER to have an EKG done. I stopped taking it for about 2 weeks, but wasn&#039;t ready to give up on it - big mistake. So I went back on it for 3 days. Each day I had elevated heart rate, and felt anxious all day long. I was EXTREMELY irritable to the point of rage, my ENTIRE face broke out with painful cystic acne I&#039;d never had before - basically over night. Skip!"
"After years of taking the pill and going through rigorous mood swings and having to remember to take the pill, I wanted a better option. I did not want to take the shot every few months or have in implant in my uterus, I read for awhile on the nexplanon implant and the reviews were a bit here and there. After speaking with my obgyn about it, I made the decision to use this method. The implant appointment was painless and my doctor has never had an issue with the insertion moving from the location. My moods are much better, I do not have to take a pill or even set a reminder anymore. I have had it a few weeks and my period has gone away completely. This so far has been one of the best decisions I am happy to have made."
"I have been on Belviq for just shy of 10 months. I started at about 288 lbs. I got an Eat Smart scale the second week on Belviq. I was a 54 year old male. Today, I weighed in at 226 lbs. That is 62 lbs. lost in almost 10 months. The week I started, my A1c was 6.6. My PCP has been having blood work done every 3 months. My A1c is now 5.3 and I am no longer taking Metformin or Simvistatin. Side effects are very minor, compared to how it has changed my life. And the second best thing is, I sleep much sounder. If I do wake up at night, I fall back asleep right away. When I make it to my goal weight, I will probably talk to my doctor about continuing Belviq at a 1/2 dosage."
"I have a 44 year old daughter that is proof that Delfen Foam is not effective."
"I had the worst time trying to get the cap off. Its child proof and adult proof. I had to end up cutting the cap off. This my first time using. It seem to be working and I just used it less than 5 minutes ago. Well one side of my nostrils is open."
"5&#039; 10&quot; 55 yo female, started on 11/5/14 at 217, today I weigh 206 (28 days-11lbs). Minor effects: dry mouth at first, going away now. This included a 6 day business trip to SF and Thanksgiving. I am extremely happy with results!"
"Tried for several months.  Wasn&#039;t sure if problem had resolved or drug was actually working.  Stopped SLOWLY and within weeks noticed return of symptoms - starting back tomorrow - slowly up to full dosage."
"I have tried every antidepressant in the books over the past twelve years, you name it, I&#039;ve been on it for an extended period of time &quot;waiting for it to begin working&quot; I have bipolar tendencies and panic disorder which has been so bad at times I&#039;ve literally fallen down and been physically crippled for long periods of time, sometimes up to four hours due to hyperventilation.  Recently traumatic events one after the other left me also with a whopping case of depression to top everything off.  My doctor began a starter pack of the Fetizma and now I&#039;m on an 80 mg dose.  My anxiety is all but gone, it leaves me extremely calm without feeling sedated and as an added bonus it seems to have greatly reduced my chronic pain. Life just seems better."
"I have been through so many medications it&#039;s ridiculous... most of them didn&#039;t work AND caused severe side effects. The last one I was on before Depakote was lamotrigine (which really is better for bipolar II, from what I understand). I tend to run very manic (and don&#039;t have a thyroid anymore - cancer), so my doc and I decided this would probably be my best option. None of the new drugs worked on me. Depakote has been amazing. I can think a lot more clearly and I&#039;m still me - just a lot more toned down. I&#039;ve had no negative side effects except a slight tremor, but I&#039;m also on xanax for severe anxiety, so its only noticeable when it&#039;s time for that. No weight gain, either. In fact, my appetite decreased. I haven&#039;t gained or lost, really."
"Been taking Tikosyn for about a year &amp; a half.  I&#039;ve found that this is a great medicine for me!  At this time, Tikosyn IS NOW AVAILABLE IN GENERIC FORM!!  So grateful!  The worst side effect was &quot;sticker shock&quot;!!

In 03/2009, I was placed on Verapamil, Flecainide (Tambocor), Cozaar (Losartan) &amp; warfarin (Coumadin).  These did a pretty good job of taking care of things...but it got progressively worse until I really had no choice but to have an ablation.  Had hoped that would &quot;do the trick&quot; but no such luck.  Still suffer from a-fib occasionally, but it&#039;s NOTHING like what it had been before the ablation &amp; switching to Tikosyn.  SO grateful it pulls my heartbeat back to normal rhythm!  Others didn&#039;t!

No noticeable side effects.  I&#039;m happy!"
"Have been using the lotion form of clindamycin for about a week. It&#039;s working wonderfully. The only drawback is that it makes my skin somewhat oily, but not enough to be a big problem. It&#039;s the only thing that I have used that&#039;s actually working so well."
"I suffered a reaction to this product. I bought it for help with sleeping and I  was unable to sit or lie down for the restless nerve endings that lasted all night and most of the following day."
"I had mild symptoms of a YI... It wasn&#039;t bad at all, but I thought I wouls treat it with some OTC medicine. So I just inserted this and within a minute or two it started itching wayyy more than before. So I run to the bathroom and put some of the cream on the external area... And as soon as it touches my V, BURNING!!! So like crazy, I wash it off with warm water and apple cider vinegar (while crying)... That didn&#039;t help so I run to the kitchen (while my boyfriend is lookig at me puzzled and worried) and grab an ice pack. I went to bed with the ice pack, and after crying a little and findind this page (which kept me giggling and distracted) the itch is FINALLY going away... I think... I hope.... Not sure if I&#039;ll be doing this tomorrow..."
"I battled with severe panic attacks and generalized anxiety. It got so bad that I was unable to leave the house. The panic attacks would happen everywhere and would feel dizzy, sweat, have palpitations, and diarrhea. I would eventually run out of the store crying. I turned to my doctor who recommended 20mg of Celexa. After about 5 weeks of pretty harsh side effects such as extreme tiredness, restlessness, and agitation, the panic attacks stopped. Thanks to Celexa, I got my life back and was able to go out again. It was a lifesaver. I&#039;ve been on it for about two years now, and have started to successfully wean off. 

The reason I didn&#039;t give it a 10 is because it took a while to kick in and the side effects were pretty severe."
"As a result of thyroid/parathyroid cancer, I have a hypocalcaemic and hypoparathyroid condition. Therefore I must take rocaltrol to maintain adequate calcium levels and to lower TSH levels to prevent the return of cancer.  The supplier to my pharmacy no longer has any rocaltrol in stock , and I am in desperate need.  Can you help?"
"Okay so I have been taking Necon for 9 months because of heavy cramping and long periods. The first couple of months were fine. I was just always emotional and sometimes have a bad attitude. The last past month I have been kind of depressed and having anxiety attacks. It didn&#039;t come clear to me that it was the pills until my friend stated that was once her side effect. I have put on a couple of pounds and I am now able to feel out a complete D cup. (Unfortunately) and my  acne isn&#039;t as bad as it was. It&#039;s a 50/50 good product."
"This is a life altering treatment also know as Opium 1% Tincture. After several surgeries (bowel resections on the area of the ileum) I suffered year of ironic diarrhea 20 plus time a day I had no life quality, lost my job, lost my insurance. Tried every OTC medication and numerous RX with awful side effects or no relief at all. Developed Crohns and finally found a Dr to prescribe Opium Tin for me. With very little daily .5 to .7 cc twice daily the big D stays in check and I can resume a &quot;normal&quot; life with BM only 4 or 5 daily and no accidents. Life is great. With the current trend 2017 war on opioid abuse Dr are becoming reluctant to prescribe the medication."
"On victoza for 16 mo.  Prior to Victoza, I suffered severe fatigue, high blood pressure, hypo thyroid, depression, epstein bar and other symp.  Prior to endo, went to 5 different drs and they all medicated me w/out results.  After Victoza, nausea and headaches for about 2 weeks, then I felt like a new human being.  Energy, no depression, lost 30 pounds.  Endo &amp; I decided to slowly come off the meds.  After 1.5 weeks, began to feel fatigue and began to gain weight.  TERRIFIED... that I would go back to my old self again and of all the reports of pancreatitis, thyroid n pancreas cancer.  If I go back on, am I taking a risk?  Scared..."
"I started taking GABA four nights ago as prescribed by my doc for severe trouble sleeping due to cold turkey stopping alcohol.   Just taking the low dose, 300 mg.  Before GABA I&#039;d lay there, I swear, up to all night long without falling asleep.  Now I&#039;ve four awesome sleep nights, I sleep around 12 hours normally.  I&#039;m used to 7 or 8 trips to the bathroom during night, now its like around 2!   I experimenting using with different dosages of Trazadone, 100 to 200 mg, and mixing in with my marijuana or not.  Great sleep!"
"23 male, been taking buspar for 3 years now for anxiety/ocd with intrusive thoughts. I originally started with 10mg 2x a day. Took about 2-3 weeks to take effect, after that I really noticed a difference in my anxiety and intrusive thoughts. It really helped me get through the day and feel normal. I occasionally still had panic attacks that would eventually pass with drinking a bunch of water and sometimes taking an extra &quot;helper&quot; dose. Recently switched to 3x a day still at 10mg since the med doesn&#039;t seem to last as long as it used to. Still occasionally take a &quot;helper&quot; dose to fall asleep. Side affects were/still are antsy legs, dizziness, drowsiness, and extreme appetite all for only about 30 min. Overall better than anti-depressants."
"This birth control is the second brand i used and i love it in comparison to the other one (aubra) i used! aubra made my acne worse and gave me horrible mood swings. I honestly thought i was becoming another person. Switching to tri sprintec was a decision i do not regret. This medicine works like a charm! Cleared up ance, lessened my pms, and so far no mood swings! Gained no weight but make sure to exercise a normal amount a week and watch your diet while on this pill!"
"Stick with the medicine, it truly does take 6-8 weeks for your body to adjust. I take 75mg in the morning (keeps me up at night with RLS) and my anxiety is under control and I am able to go on with life and my day to day activities. The side effects I had in the beginning of being tired, RLS, yawning excessively...did go away with time and now I experience none of those things."
"Just finished pylera last night and still have the symptoms as if I was still taking the meds. I&#039;m so happy I&#039;m finished and can&#039;t believe I got through it...it was really tough. Good luck everyone and remember it&#039;s light at the end of the tunnel"
"Dreaded starting after reading some of reviews. This was VERY easy - taste was not as bad as some said. Didn&#039;t need to chase it with anything, drank tepid water after (cold would have caused me to cramp). Worse part was lack of sleep due to second dose. Will use product again......in 5 years!"
"I have intermittent problems with mild depression and moderate anxiety usually due to financial stress. I have been taking 50 mg for a week and I have noticed that my anxiety has been substantially reduced. And I notice no negative side effects with Pristiq. I only notice that I am more energetic and awake all day long. I have no sleepiness during the day or trouble sleeping (problems I&#039;ve had on other drugs). Really good medicine so far. I don&#039;t give it a 10 only because I have only been taking it for a week. I&#039;m curious to see if the effects last longer term."
"Received my 2nd injection this week. So far, so good! No cravings and no discernible side effects from the shot. This has become a very tool in my sobriety toolbox, which includes AA, outpatient counseling and antidepressants. And, of course, my higher power, who I call the God. This shot is definitely worth a shot. "
"I&#039;ve been struggling with severe anxiety and depression since I was a child. I&#039;ve tried everything for anxiety: lexapro, Celexa, Effexor XR, Prozac, and Xanax. It&#039;s been the only medication that has really saved my life from this illness. Otherwise, if I don&#039;t take it, I won&#039;t be able work or live. I know that there is so much stigma about how it&#039;s addicting and it&#039;s abused. If you genuinely have a serious anxiety disorder, don&#039;t focus on the stigma. Take them! Or try to live the severe anxiety. You sort of have to pick your poison. I have never abused xanax. I started taking Klonopin for about a year, and was switched to xanax. I&#039;ve always taken my medicine as prescribed. Right now, I&#039;m taking .25 mg and it does wonders for me."
"Actually I&#039;m pre-diabetic and have polycystic ovarian syndrome. I&#039;ve been on Victoza since Aug. 2014. I dialed up to 1.8 over two weeks. Was a little sick on my stomach for about a week. Prior to starting I was on 2,500 mg of metformin with no change in weight or blood sugar. As of November 15, I was down 35 pounds.  I&#039;m still on metformin and my doctor and her staff are amazed. I&#039;m very seldom hungry. Sometimes I experience a weird feeling in my stomach and not sure if I hadn&#039;t eaten enough or ate the wrong thing and nothing makes the sensation go away except for sleeping. I&#039;ve lost over 10 inches in my stomach and am complaining because I&#039;m losing so fast that people think I&#039;m sick/clothes are falling off. I&#039;ve struggled with my weight for years and finally this has worked. At 173lbs."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for almost a month. My doctor told me it could easily take a month to get used to it.  I started out with headaches, extreme tiredness and excessive sweating.  The tiredness was gone after about 10 days.  The sweating is the worst side effect and I still suffer with it daily, though I am no longer dripping with sweat like I was when I began the medication.  I get occasional headaches, but nothing more than a slight headache to remind me that I have one.  I do feel better and am less stressed."
"If you are addicted to narcotic pain killers I would definitely recommend this drug to you."
"I&#039;m 17 and have been taking 18mg Concerta every day for a week and a half. This is the second medication I&#039;ve tried after being diagnosed with ADHD (I was also diagnosed with major depression). First I tried Adderall, and while it made me feel very alert and productive, I could not handle the severe depressed feelings from the comedown. So far Concerta has made me feel productive and positive for about 3 hours, and then depression slowly creeps in and gets progressively worse for about 8 more hours. It&#039;s not as intense as the depression from Adderall (which even led to suicidal thoughts), but it lasts longer. I also become irritable, anxious, and tired. I&#039;ve also lost weight because trying to eat makes me feel queasy."
"I&#039;ve been taking Phentermine for 2 weeks. For about one month before that I was taking Bontril (Phendimetrazine). I liked the Bontril but it didn&#039;t curb my appetite as well as Phentermine does. I try to stick to 1100 cals/day but I do some calorie cycling now and that way I&#039;ll go above 1100 so my body doesn&#039;t think it&#039;s being starved long-term. I hope that will help prevent a rapid gain when I go off the medicines.

Since starting these various medications I&#039;ve lost about 11 pounds (from 200 to 189 as of this morning). The Tanita scale at the clinic indicates that my water composition has remained about the same while fat percentage has decreased and muscle mass has increased. And I&#039;m not even exercising, so that&#039;s pretty cool."
"I have SEVERE chronic insomnia. I alternate between Ambien, Belsomra and Trazodone - so as not to build a tolerance to any one of them. After nearly two years of following this protocol, it turns out that the lesser of these evils is Belsomra. At first it didn&#039;t help, but after a few months it started working pretty well. Ambien causes rebound insomnia. Trazodone causes horrific nightmares. Belsomra is gentle and increasingly effective.

Whatever you do, don&#039;t take Benzodiazepines. It&#039;s easy to become tolerant and then form a physical dependence. Anxiety and insomnia WORSEN. Withdrawal is a living hell. I speak from experience."
"This was the first and most amazing birth control I have taken. My breasts went from a large B, almost C to a solid D cup and I was slightly more emotional, but all of that went away after a few weeks. My skin was flawless and my hair felt healthier and thicker and even my eyelashes were thicker. My sex drive seemed to increase and to be very honest, I no longer had any use for lubricant other than what my body produced. However, after about a year and a half, a horrible smell started and my periods were mostly just intense discharge and sometimes it would last for a couple weeks. I wish that hadn&#039;t happened, because now all the birth controls I&#039;ve tried have been horrible to my body. I wish I could go back to it!"
"I was breaking out badly on the sides of my cheeks, then I couldn&#039;t take it anymore so I went to the dermo and they prescribed me Acanya. After 2 weeks I noticed a difference for sure. The big cysts I would get or just all these pimples I got in 1 spot started fading away instantly. It is take time, I had to pop some and then put the cream on. It&#039;s been 3 months so far and no breakouts or acne whatsoever. I just use cetaphil and that medication and done. (:"
"I am 25 years of age, and I am a chronic pain patient. 3 years ago (2009) I began to feel chronic pain all over my body; more and more as time goes on. There isn&#039;t a muscle in my body that doesn&#039;t hurt. Vicodin has saved my life! I&#039;ve been on 8  5mg tablets daily. Were it not for Vicodin, my ability to perform everyday tasks would be severely compromised. Normal activities whether is mowing the lawn, or even getting out of bed are difficult. My pain level ranges between 5-9. Vicodin always takes all the pain away. I highly recommend this medicine if you are seeking relief from chronic pain.













"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine since I was 12. I&#039;m now 21. I have yet to experience any major side effects. Just recently I&#039;ve noticed that it upsets my stomach if I don&#039;t eat with it but I guess it&#039;s because my doctor just upped the dose because I gained weight."
"I suffered from severe panic attacks and OCD, particularly checking. I have been on 20 mg of Celexa for 7 years and am a new person. I have never had a side effect and handle stress with ease. I still engage in some &quot;checking,&quot; but have been panic attack-free and lost many of my other OCD behaviours."
"Has helped control my pain for a long time."
"After trying everything under the sun...nothing ever worked. Not to go into a long drawn out story....tried linzess 145 didnt work...tried the linzess 290 got results within hours all that day. I am very happy with it. I done colonics, all kinds of laxatives, detoxs, enemas...etc. The best thing in my life right now is LINZESS"
"I was like one of those fluorescent bulbs flickering out..had ADHD and depression. When I was upped to the 300mg in week two the bulb was changed, light was on. Forget the light, I was solar powered. Sexual side effects nymphomaniac 1st 2 weeks. Healthy by week 3. Husband couldn&#039;t keep up. I woke up without an alarm went to bed slept great. I started working out. Then I got a rash. I was devastated. I wanted to explore the possibility of continuing while living on allergy medicines. I tried that for a few day but the good feelings were gone. My body refused to cooperate with my mind and emotions. Drug Companies please come up with another antidepressant NDRI I can take. Goodbye Wellbutrin, with you the honeymoon was grand. Going to try out Cymbalta."
"I have struggled greatly with Bipolar 1 for many years. The past two years have been horrific for me. I am a rapid cycler and it has been so unrelenting that I have had to fight my company through a legal battle to stay employed through the ADA act. Finally I got a new doctor who discontinued me from taking Depakote, Klonopin, Trilifon and Trileptal. He started me on Seroquel XR which was too sedating and now I&#039;m on 40 mg of Latuda. It is wonderful! I have only been on it for 4 days but I feel human again! My appetite is normal and I am losing all my weight from the other meds. I want to socialize and don&#039;t feel manic or depressive. So excited. "
"I was told this Medicine  used for chronic pain which is what I&#039;ve got ( I have Degentive disc and three slipped discs) I was told by the Dr that it blocks the pain but I sure can&#039;t tell and I&#039;ve been on it for a year or more. And it doesn&#039;t help at all like I said it did in the very beginning, but as the years has passed my situation has gotten worse. I would really like to know if this medicine is used for pain?? "
"Diagnosed with TN two weeks ago. Within first 24 hours of taking Tegretol, I felt amazing. No pain, clear head etc. A week and a half after starting the medication, I had a horrific TN episode for twenty hours. The pain was so bad it woke me from sleeping. I&#039;m not sure whether to go back to Dr&#039;s for an increase or just put it down to allowing the meds to do its thing. Can only wait and see."
"I had struggled with severe acne ever since I was in 6th grade. It was all over my face and even my shoulders. Of course, as you would suspect, I got bullied big time for it. My dermatologist put me on so many different types of pills that helped a little, but my acne was still horrible. Then she put me on accutane. Accutane is a miracle process is a pain and the side effects made me want to just quit. I struggled with very dry skin &amp; lips, sensitive to the sun, and soreness. I went through 6 months of the pill. I am now a sophomore in high school and I have perfectly clear and smooth skin. Yes, I still have battle scars but they are tiny. I have never been so happy with myself. I recommend it to anyone and everyone."
"The worst! I&#039;ve been on Lutera for over two years. While taking this birth control I experience headaches, mood swings, depression, weight gain, drop in sex drive, and extremely long periods.my period will last 8-9days with occasional spotting between periods and other months 3-4weeks (&lt;--maybe 3times since I started 2yrs ago) I was told this would make period lighter... Yeah not as heavy but longer :(   After the 1st yr i spoke with my ob to make sure I didn&#039;t have any issues like fibroids, etc... And everything was normal so I decided to keep trying Lutera in the hopes my body would adjust. Boy was I wrong. The only pro is I&#039;m not pregnant :)
I&#039;m definitely switching birth control #2years2long"
"So the first dose didn&#039;t do a single thing but make me have gas so bad my back was killing Me! Just did my second dose so I am hoping and praying this Works! I&#039;m on the fence about this product"
"I had my first shot when I was 18, I had heavy bleeding and weight gain for the whole 3 months. My doctor told me that was normal that when I got the second shot it would stop or lighten up. Well I got my second shot and it still wasn&#039;t stopping. So for a total of 6 months I was bleeding heavily. By then end of it I found out I was pregnant and had a miscarriage. I had only been about a month or two along. So just be careful and if you aren&#039;t using anything else but the shot, still pay attention to your body, and take pregnancy tests. Just to make sure. Because I got pregnant a month after I took the second shot."
"I started taking these pills for a bacterial infection.Mine were 500mg and I had to take them twice daily and they taste awful!The taste lasted at least 3minutes.Drinking water didn&#039;t work at all,I had to drink a flavored soda and goggle my throat with the soda so the taste could leave.But,other then that they&#039;re very helpful I didn&#039;t have any side effects"
"I HAVE MY LIFE BACK. Currently taking 2mg day 8, with 50mg Lamictal, 50 mg Seroquel, Lexapro, elavil and Klonopin. Started with the 5 mg, 1st day slept all day, 2nd day increased back pain, 3rd day woke up with severe sweats lasted 7 hours. The nurse said don&#039;t take it tonight and come in for 2 mg. IT WORKED. I am no longer sleeping 12 hrs a night and playing computer games 7 hrs a day. I WANT to go out, shop, dress up, wearing makeup doing hair. People literally don&#039;t recognize me. Everybody wants to know what I&#039;m doing to feel so good. FINALLY! I have CPTSD, MDD, Bipolar 2, OCD that I know of. I pray it lasts. I am a little on the manic side, but I suppose I will mellow out in time. THANKS MAKERS OF ABILIFY!"
"Patient exhibits no improvement after 12 months of supervised treatment."
"After decades of battling post traumatic stress disorder and anxiety, I finally have found a medication that helps to calm the revved feeling I constantly battle.  It is not complete gone, but I feel as if I can breathe again.  The tightness in my chest has reduced and my upper back no longer hurts because I can relax my shoulders.  It is as if someone has loosened their grip on a rubber band!  Best of all, self-help techniques, like relaxation, now work!!  Gabapentin has helped me to feel like I have a fighting chance against anxiety."
"So me and my bf had unprotected sex June 6th and he did the pull out method but at the time I was very fertile so I was worried and took the plan b exactly 12 hours after. Trust me the two week wait is long and waiting for your cycle to start can be so stressful but plan b does work and I got my period on time. Well a day earlier. My period is really heavy which is a side effect of the pill. But trust me y&#039;all everything will just be fine. Try not to stress!"
"This has helped so very much. I still have the attacks and energy is still very low but, this has given me the best results so far."
"This is my 5th and last day to take lozenges, yet I haven&#039;t seen a significant difference on my tongue. Baking soda paste showed better results. Yogurt does not work for a lot of people due to intolerance to lactose. It just makes the situation worse with digestive problems and acid reflux. Going to ask Doctor to do lab test to see if it&#039;s a resistant strain before spending a lot of unnecessary money on more pills."
"I was bleeding very heavy, I could soak through a super plus tampon and a huge after pregnancy pad within minutes. I was passing clots so big they wouldn&rsquo;t fit down the shower drain. My doctor put me on 40mg of Megestrol 1x a day over 3 months ago, so far I had 2 days in a row of light spotting. I love this stuff!!!! I&rsquo;m actually taking this instead of getting a full hysterectomy. My only concern is I had laparoscopic gallbladder surgery about a week ago and I&rsquo;ve had some pretty intense uterine pain with heavy bleeding and blood clots since. I stopped taking the Megestrol for a few days thinking nature would run it&rsquo;s course, I started taking it again and the uterine pain started back up. I hope this surgery didn&rsquo;t wreck Megestrol for me."
"Wonder drug for me only downside is stuffy nose it&#039;s like having a constant cold. As in U.K. Prescriptions are free for over 60"
"it works right away."
"I was diagnosed with bursitis of the hip.  I was in severe pain and went to go see multiple doctors before even being diagnosed. I was given Vicodin, Tramadol and an Anti inflammatory drug.  None of them did the trick.  After months of being in pain and to continuously argue with my Doctor that those prior pills were working he prescribed me Percocet.  It works wonders.  The first encounter with it made me feel really nauseous but once I was able to lie down it was amazing.  I don&#039;t feel as though I am &quot;high&quot; on it but do feel as though I am back to my fun loving self.  My libido has increased and I am sleeping much better.  I work the graveyard shift and it&#039;s hard enough to sleep and this puts and keeps me asleep.  Awesome to say the least."
"Excruciating pain from swollen ear canal, whitehead on floor of ear canal in front of ear drum, and Otitis Externa. Began working in about 1 hr (Lortab 7.5/500) in 350 lb grown man. Took first time at approximately 12:35 PM, made me sleep from 1 to 5, didn&#039;t wear off until about 8:20 PM."
"After having osteopenia progress to osteoporosis  and not tolerating oral medications, my doctor suggested Reclast. I had my first infusion on Dec 26, 2015 and within days suffered incapacitating  pain in my hands. It was so bad, I couldn&#039;t hold a toothbrush without tears due to the pain. Additionally, I started to have severe upper jaw pain. The hand pain has improved but not gone away entirely. The jaw pain has not resolved at all, making it hard to chew.   I would not recommend this drug to anyone and would NEVER, NEVER use it again."
"My husband has Stage IV Tongue Cancer. He was put on fentanyl patches starting at 25 mcg &amp; was raised to 150 mcg q 72 hrs. What determines 48 hours or 72 hours the ins.? How do they know what relieves a persons pain especially one with cancer! It has been terrible watching him in such pain because the ins. won&#039;t cover the patches when necessary with the Drs. approval due to increase until pain relieving amount was reached! Any ideas what I can do??"
"My husband and I both have been popping pills for years.  Hydrocone, Oxycodone, barbiturates, whatever we could get.  After trying to quit cold turkey, or going in a detox center, whatever is was, always failed us....or we failed it.  Now we are winning the battle.  Hubby went on it about a week ago, and I just started a few days ago.  Neither of us had withdrawals from the opioids we were taking, and neither of us has cravings. Thank Goodness.  So our livers are now getting a much needed rest, and our money is going where it SHOULD go to now.  We both have experienced some headaches on Suboxone, but they aren&#039;t that bad, and go away after a bit.  It gives me dry mouth really bad.  So, remember, this drug is just a tool in the road to recovery."
"I have taken my first dosage and my BMs have lasted five hours since I started it (so far) and by now everything is clear. I do NOT understand how they give the same dosage of two bottles to everyone. I am 20, 5&#039;5 and 115. How can someone much larger than me take the same dose? Am considering not taking second."
"My first few days I had a lot of nausea as expected then some increased anxiety. But after a few week to around 6 weeks in I was back to my old self. Life saver for me! Everyday prior to taking lexapro for months was a struggle with anxiety and random panic attacks, face tingling, unbalanced feeling and just feeling off all around. 4 months of taking 10 mg and what a relief. Back to socialization, eating better, feeling better With no face tingling. Give it a try for about 6 weeks for full effects and side effects will subside. They did for me."
"Have used this for one week but began to have serious side-effects including hives all over my back, severe diarrhea, terrible cold/flu, headache, joint soreness.  I do have an autoimmune disorder (endometriosis and Raynaund&#039;s) and the medication has warnings for people with autoimmune disorders so that may be why I am having such an adverse reaction.  Will see doctor tomorrow to learn if I should switch to Efudex maybe but will probably look into the genetic testing for DPD before I start that one."
"I am a former college football player who has had narcolepsy for years. I have been on Provigil for over a year now. I started with the lowest dose possible and after 3-6 months am now on the highest dose possible. The medicine has little side effects for me which is great except it curbs my appetite a bit. But I find my body has become immune to the medicine as the impact becomes less and less. I take 4 pills a day and even though I am not falling asleep as much and wasting the day away, I still have no energy. When I am sitting there awake I&#039;m just useless. I don&#039;t want to go on an amphetamine but this medicine just isn&#039;t working to well for me."
"Viibryd worked wonders for me.  I have to admit the first week was hell as it made me extremely anxious but after the transition I couldn&#039;t believe the difference it made.  The only problem I ran into was insurance companies don&#039;t want to pay for  it because it is expensive. I ended up having to switch to another drug that was not nearly as effective.  I&#039;m thinking about going back on Viibryd and paying for it out of pocket.  I just have to ask myself what is happiness worth??"
"Treated for a UTI, was given a 7 day dose to take twice a day. After two/three days it cleared but still could feel a slight infection, it ran me down completely and I developed a YEAST INFECTION with itching and redness . I&#039;m  sore in my heels and extremely tired.  I hate this pill ."
"This shot is horrible! I got 3 rounds of it and each time I would not bleed for a month, then be bleeding the rest of the two months until it was time to get the shot again. Well after my 3rd and final time getting it I&#039;m still bleeding going on 4 months later!!!! I don&#039;t recommend this shot for anyone!!!"
"This is my third treatment in a year and a half. My doctor says it will probably come back every 6 months, and it has. I take 300mg !!! It clears up in a week but as prescribed I still take another dose a week after first dose."
"I have been on belviq for a month now- no change in appetite at all &amp; I have gained weight.  I am tired all the time &amp; get awful headaches.  How can I exercise &amp; eat right if I am so tired I can&#039;t get out of bed?  So far a big waste of money."
"Been on Abilify for 8 years. It completely removed my delusional thinking patterns at just 5mg and at 10mg it resolved a mania psychosis, and helped me get my life back on track. Only side effects were insomnia (which I took Imozop for) for when I initially began taking it, but 2-3 weeks after trial I was side-effect free."
"Works very well at keeping me awake. No euphoria like amphetamines, very few side effects in fact aside from a very mild headache, which aspirin can fix. It seems like all it does is remove my chronic fatigue.. without giving extra energy. Perfect in my opinion.

Anxiety can be a problem, especially at the 250mg dose. If it is a problem, I would recommend breaking the 250mg in half and taking them several hours apart, which also helps with the late afternoon crash. 

If you have high blood pressure or heart problems, probably not a good idea to take it. 

Also, there is a generic.. not sure of the price difference."
"I was diagnosed with ET 6 weeks ago. I was prescribed Primidone. To date, I still am having serious side effects. My tremors are continual, even to the point where my left arm feels &quot;dead&quot;. Generally I feel drained, dizzy, and sick to my stomach. My voice is halting, with shaky patterns, and is more affected when I am tired. I find it very difficult to take this medicine and will be calling my Doctor to discuss any other options."
"I was able to quit after 40 years of smoking. Have not smoked since 2008. Only side effect was strange dreams."
"Very effective from the beginning! Although I came across a few side effects - redness, dryness, peeling of skin - this cream completely eliminated most of my acne. I particularly found it astonishing that over the space of a few months my Cysts had decreased - in size -dramatically. They&#039;d shrink and leak until they vanish usually not leaving any scars, only marks - which will fade over a period of time. When my skin was feeling painful due to the side effects - stinging at night - I&#039;d stop using duac for a couple of days and moisturise up. Once the side effects decreased slightly I&#039;d go back on it. I took Duac along side the antibiotic erythromycin - however I didn&#039;t find that drug effective."
"I have been taking the generic brand of Alesse since I had my baby! She&#039;s 11! This birth control works perfect for me! No side effects! "
"Doc said I had pneumonia, but I had very few symptoms: runny nose, sore throat, and cough. Only went to the Dr. when pain started in my right lung when I coughed. Went through one 10-day round of Levofloxacin. Around day 3 my right elbow got a little stiff (no pain) but it stopped after 2 days. Around day 7, my right knee developed a pain that came and went for 2 days. I can&#039;t be sure either was caused by the drug since neither issue lasted more than 2 days. After x-rays and CT scan, Dr. said infection much improved, but not totally knocked out. And I&quot;m still having pain in my chest and back. So after a break of several days, I&#039;m starting a second 10-day round. My main point is I did not experience the bad side effects."
"I was on Peganone when I was  about 10 years old. I am 54 now.  At first I thought it was the best thing out there.  Had just changed from one medication to add Peganone to my routine instead of that one.  Then came the side effects.  I didn&#039;t notice them at first because I wasn&#039;t sure which side effects I was feeling.  The effects of going off the one, or on the other.  I loved it though through the horrible side effects, because it took my migraines away.  My mom told the doctor about the side effects, and he decided I needed to get off of Peganone and that it shouldn&#039;t be used by anyone not only because of the side effects but because even though he weaned me off as slowly as he could, I had LSD withdrawal symptoms for all 6 weeks!"
"I have been on it for about a year. I haven&#039;t had any problems with it."
"The liquid tastes terrible, but is very effective."
"Well I was just prescribed Flexeril yeaterday for the pain I was experiencing from a L5-S1 herniated disc &amp; Sciatica. It made me feel like a zombie about an hour &amp; 1/2 after taking it. I took a shower and after getting out I had no strength in my arms or legs. Dry mouth &amp; lower leg pains when laying in bed later. It did help with the pain but will be taking but 1/2 a pill AS NEEDED vs the 1-10 mg 3xs daily."
"I&#039;ve been on Gianvi for 3 months. I feel like a crazy person. My emotions are through the roof and I get random spurts of horrible anger and irritation. The first two months I didn&#039;t notice much, it all came at once. My breasts are almost unbearably sore, and it has done nothing for my horrible heavy period and painful cramps. I feel like I&#039;m PMSing constantly. It&#039;s just not working for me. Hopefully others have had a better experience than I. I can&#039;t wait to switch to something new."
"I am on my 4 week of this medication and I would have to say its the only thing that has ever worked for my acne. I&#039;ve probably tired every over the counter acne medication with no results. I&#039;m 23 years old and this is my first time ever being on birth control. I would have pimples on my chin, jaw line, cheeks, chest and my back. I&#039;ve haven&#039;t have not even 1 new break out in the last 3 weeks. Everyone&#039;s body is different but its definitely worth a try."
"This medicine is wonderful for people who suffer from panic attacks, any type of anxiety, or seizures. It has a double life. So its always in your system to help control the panic/anxiety attacks. It doesn&#039;t give you a high feeling. It just calms you down. It&#039;s a long acting benzodiazepine."
"I felt very nauseous the whole time, and suffered from a hyper sensitivity to smells which only compounded the problem. It happened from the very first day that I took the birth control and lasted a few days after I quit."
"I was prescribed for night terrors. I tried it for about 4 weeks. I had a significant improvement but the side effects included feeling drugged all day and twitching muscles in my ears. I stopped taking It because of the side effects."
"I started Adipex-P nine months ago and I&#039;ve consistently lost weight. When I weighed in at the Dr.s today, I am down 20.6lbs since last month! I&#039;ve lost a total of 83lbs and was approved for my left knee replacement on Nov 18. When that heals, we do the other one. I have battled obesity my whole life- had gastroplasty (stomach stapling) back in the early 80s and I&#039;ve lost and gained hundred pounds during  time periods in my life and I&#039;ve got hope now that there may be a light at the end of the Tunnel.  When I get my knee joints in and get active I think I really might be able to get down to a decent weight and make it stick. I&#039;d like a second chance at life, to find a wife to spend my retirement years with. Staying Positive!"
"really no idea if the medicine works or not because they do not stick. If you can lay on your stomach for 12 hours and not move then maybe you can figure out if they work. I cut one in half, stuck in on my low back, got in bed and 5 minutes later I feel something I am laying on. I reach down and pull out something that looks like a French fry only to learn it is my pain patch that lasted a total of 5 minutes. I put the other half on and sat down to type this review and when I got up out of my chair, it was all rolled up..PITIFUL, PITIFUL PRODUCT. I AM RETURNING IN AM FOR A FULL REFUND...DO NOT BUY THE MYLAN LIDOCAINE 5% PATCH....NOT WORTH $5.00 MUCH LESS $200+.. DON&#039;T BUY IT...."
"Absolutely the worst birth control. My skin has become horrible and I&#039;ve had to start other medications to help my skin this last month, The mood swings are horrible and I will be switching to Yaz."
"Three days of this drug and I feel like the walking dead. Fevers, extreme body aches and bone pain. I feel like I&#039;ve been beaten by baseball bats. No vomiting or diarrhea, but I would have gladly accepted these symptoms in exchange for the ones I have. Strep throat and natural childbirth have nothing on the effects of this drug."
"I agree that Flexeril is helpful because it helps me relax enough to sleep when I have a severe migraine.  I can only take it at home at night though because it makes me tired."
"Before I started taking Zoloft for depression and anxiety I was also suffering from insomnia. Was taking Ambien and Valium to help but the Ambien was not really helping my insomnia. Maybe get 3 hrs of sleep or 5hrs on a good night. Suffered from panic and anxiety attacks. Went to therapy and after some time Dr Recommended Zoloft. Was hesitant at first but could not live like this anymore so I started taking it about a year ago. Zoloft is the best thing I could have done. The first week or too I had side effects. But soon after depression lifted anxiety gone. I sleep great now."
"I hate this vile tasting substance more than anything. And the flavored ones do not help the taste. However, it works every single time with out any cramping. I have tried every laxative out there and this is the only one 100% reliable and 100% cramp free. It also comes in a concentrated form and so, less is consumed for the same results. It comes in tablet form but is not as reliable. I wish that there could be a better way to get the gentle, reliable relief that Milk of Magnesia gives."
"My daughter had great symptom control, but developed urinary and fecal incontinence after being on it for over a year.  Back to looking for the next best medication."
"I have a hiatal hernia which can cause bad reflux, etc. I&#039;ve been taking Prilosec at least ten years (probably closer to fifteen) and I&#039;ve never had ANY negative side effects. It has been invaluable for relieving the inflammation and irritation associated with reflux, gastritis, GERD, etc. Awesome medicine, never had any interaction issues, and I&#039;m on a number of serious medicines (heart, blood pressure, anti- anxiolytics, and pain meds). I&#039;m 58, and will probably be taking it as long as I&#039;m around. Great medicine."
"I&#039;m 18 and I have had the implant for about 3 months. Overall, it has been very effective for it&#039;s main purpose and my skin has improved massively. My periods are still regular but now last much longer (about 8 days) and are so light that using tampons is out of the question. I do experience more mood swings and often cry for no reason. The biggest side effect I&#039;ve noticed has been my weight, I have lost a lot of weight and have nearly no appetite and when I do eat I feel nauseous. I also can&#039;t drink alcohol without being sick all of the next day, not sure whether this is the implant but it only became an issue after getting it. I much prefer this method than the pill and would recommend, still waiting for my body to settle down!"
"I first started with 27 mg or concerta when it was giving me no effect my doctor increased to 54 mg. At first I loved it. So great...motivation, energy, concentration etc. But then I realized how bad my anxiety was getting and that my prozac was no longer controlling my anxiety and depression. Concerta caused me to have very severe migraines which cause nausea and dizziness. I would have a migraine in the morning and the only thing that would take it away was the concerta and as soon as it wore off around 5-6pm there came the migraine again!  &amp; I obviously couldn&#039;t take the concerta or I&#039;d be up all night. I am not switched to vyvanse but haven&#039;t tried it yet. If concerta did not cause migraines and anxiety then I would really recommend it."
"I was put on Lexapro 4 years ago. I didn&#039;t think it was doing anything except keeping me from having to run to the bathroom all the time after an intestinal infection. It did a good job at that but 3 months ago I did not have the money for the copay and thought I could do without it. I was so wrong. I am so depressed and anxious I can barely stand it.  I started back on it last night and hope it kicks in soon. If this Lexapro helps again I do not plan on going off it again. The side effects are minimal. "
"i recently went to see a doctor for weight loss! Before I even had a minute to fill out my paper on my history, he asks me what kind of pills I want? I was like (huh?), then he explained about adipex, when I say explained, all he said was take it once a day, diet , come see me in 30 days! I thought this was crazy, he told me to bring back my paper work Monday! ANYWAY, I took it as he prescribed one a day, for only two days and have to stop! I am a recovering alcoholic /addict, this crap gave me the exact same feeling as meth, in which I have not used in 15 years. I was high!! I cannot jeopardize my sobriety so I guess I&#039;ll stay fat! But this doctor maybe should have took 5 minutes with me to explain or ask something about me!"
"I never have side effects from medicines so I foolishly took Nuvigil without reading the literature. Couldn&#039;t figure out where the headaches, fever and general feeling of &#039;being sick&#039; came from.  Palpitations, the tingling in extremities, feeling as though my mind was always two steps ahead of my reactions...just too much.  I feel fortunate nothing worse happened."
"I have had chronic back and neck pain since 2002. I have had back surgery twice and neck surgery once.  I have tried a lot of different options and the OxyContin, Oxycodone combination has been the best for me. Since the onset of all this &quot;Opioid crisis&quot; has happen it has been harder and harder to get my meds. The old saying &quot;don&#039;t let one bad apple spoil the whole bunch&quot; says it all. That&#039;s what the government has done, let a few bad apples spoil the whole bunch. People that need these meds need them and with the way it is now doctors don&#039;t want to give them out. If I could I would get off them in an instance but my life is miserable without them from the pain I have so here I am, stuck getting what I can to get at least some relief."
"So I had intense itching and burning before taking this medicine that was killing me ! I took it and instantly got relief! So far so good no side effects so far only giving it an 8 because idk if it&#039;s cleared yet since I just took it a few hours ago but I feel sooooo much better !"
"I was on celexa for a few yrs.n when I started feeling &quot;well&quot; again decided to stop taking it. Within a yr. I was constantly crying n went back on it but it affected my ability to Fully enjoy intimacy so the mental health nurse told me ask my Dr.for pristine, which I did n he prescribed my cymbalta instead which I took a long with my celexa. When I went back to c him he said that he told me stop the celexa n prescribed me 60mg.of cymbalta a day which I now have been on for about a yr. To say it&#039;s a godsend is an understatement. I actually went to an outside concert with approx.5000 people in attendance. Although I was still a little anxious a couple drinks helped me to somewhat enjoy myself. Normally crowds cause me unbearable anxiety."
"I have migraines really bad, my neurologist prescirbed Stadol as a last resort medication.  So far it has not worked.  Just made me nauseated and gave me a head rush.  It&#039;s very discouraging to read the comments about ER&#039;s thinking migraine sufferers are drug seeking people.  It&#039;s sad that we get no attention or help.  I would rather suffer than go to the ER and be put in a group that I&#039;m not in.  Good luck to all of us :)"
"I have been taking this for almost 2 years and I can tell you I feel like it has been a miracle drug with all the side effects of endometriosis. Although you have to take a pill each night, who cares when you have 1 period to get through over 3 months and on top of that its short and usually pain free. The excess bleeding, the long periods, unpredictable start and stop...that&#039;s all over with this birth control. I really feel like I gained at least 2 days out of every month that I had once lost to bed rest from the agony of endometriosis. I love it and wish I had heard of it sooner. I highly recommend it. Be sure to always ask how it will interact with any other drugs that may be in your system. Always consult a doctor on change in medication."
"I&#039;m allergic to codeine and NSAIDs rip my stomach apart and cause GI bleeding so this is what I take for pain. tramadol 50 mg two or three/day. I broke my foot recently and was literally screaming in pain. Took Diclofenac, tylenol, no relief. Took 100 mg tramadol and feel much better now. I had to get off Prozac to take this but I&#039;m glad I did. Prozac made me eat all the time, I put on 20 lbs. tramadol actually suppresses my appetite which is a plus. If you take this longer then a few months make sure to taper off."
"I found this to be more effective than other drugs offered. I can&#039;t understand why it is not used more for the treatment of ADHD compared to other drugs, which have many side effects."
"Cost reduced because of discount card.  Had bad gas, stomach upset after taking each dose until I read about taking Zantac before eating and then taking Pradaxa immediately after meal.  I had been taking Pradaxa before breakfast which resulted in burping and gas, and a few hours after dinner which caused bad bloating and stomach upset.  Took Nexium for a month incorrectly also, taking before breakfast along with Pradaxa.  First time I used Zantac 30 min before dinner and then took Pradaxa immediately after eating I had minimal gas and stomach issues."
"I have been on this med for a week and so far, so good.  It is working much better than Buspar, which I was using for 6 months which is good for mild anxiety, but not for extreme anxiety (IMO).  Of course, Klonopin is the best but it is an addictive Benzo and docs dont like prescribing it...too bad, cause that would be rated a 10!"
"Let&#039;s be perfectly clear on this: the condition designated as opioid-induced constipation (OIC) IS NOT a recognized medical condition, it is not in the PDR. 

It is nomenclature that has been synthesized by AstraZeneca purely for marketing purposes and intended to be used to enhance selling points for their new pharmaceutical Movantik.

"
"I have had a cocci infection in my left knee for 25 years (research says it will be chronic).  It took 5 years and 3 surgeries to get a diagnosis.  I got relief the first day I started with Nizoral.  After seven years, I switched to Sporanox 200 mg per day.   Efforts to stop the therapy always followed with relapse.  However, dropping to a 100mg per day maintenance dose after another 5 years kept all swelling and symptoms at bay. In 2004, I was able to stop taking Sporanox and was symptom free until last month (Sept, 2011). Swelling and heat disappeared within a day of restarting Sporanox. Titer blood test results have varied over the history of my infection from 32:1 to negative to 16:1 to again being negative at this time."
"I have had the Skyla IUD for a full year now. When I first had it inserted, I basically felt very extreme sharp cramps. I became very nauseous and had to wait at the doctors office before returning home. I was in a lot of pain and the rest of the day I just felt sore. The pain continued for about 3 weeks so I had to take a lot of ibuprofen. After awhile, the pain was less frequent but I experienced somewhat heavy spotting for months. Eventually the pain and the bleeding was less frequent, only occurring when it was my period. However the spotting is quite consistent (even still) and when it&#039;s not spotting I have a brownish discharge. Basically, I always have to wear a liner or light tampon. And I occasionally experience cramping still."
"During the first two weeks the fatigue was pretty bad (even though I only took it at night).  The dry-mouth condition seems to be ongoing, but the migraines are completely gone!  Three weeks migraine free so far!!"
"I&#039;m 19 and taking MoviPrep for my first colonoscopy. Or should I say WAS taking it. First glass was terrible but with a plugged nose and a strong chaser, it was possible. The second glass was absolutely horrible. About halfway through it I vomited twice, got the chills and called my Doctor to cancel. I&#039;m rescheduled with a different prep (with only 4 total tablespoons of prep and a ton of water!) The rest of the day my stomach was upset and came close to vomiting multiple times. It&#039;s now 12 (did the half a liter at 5) and the bowels just started moving. Would not recommend, it&#039;s terrible and there are better alternatives!"
"BONIVA is the only drug that has improved my T-Scores since I&#039;ve began my DXA scans over 4 years ago.  "
"I used 2 of the Salonpas with Lidocaine patches for muscle pain in my shoulder and neck area.  Started getting a rash after the second application.  The rash is in the shape of the patch, very itchy and bumpy and looks like it could blister."
"I am a 23 year old male suffering from occasional (about once a month) migraine attacks which are often accompanied with uncontrollable vomiting. My neurologist prescribed me this medicine saying that it is the most advanced one currently available and made specifically for migraines. Unfortunately, after taking the medicine several times during various attacks, It had about as much effect as an Aspirin and it stop the pain or the nausea.

My mother, who suffers from more often and severe migraines then I do, got prescribed the same medicine, but it didn&#039;t help her either. I ended up switching to Ketoprofen based painkillers which have been most effective for me, but don&#039;t work during the worst attacks."
"Had Othro tri cyclen lo for many years pharmacy switched to this generic prescription horrible spotting between periods, acne,bloating,hives,and missed period called Doctor to switch back my normal pill othro."
"Suffered with ED for years.  Had slowly gotten worse to the point of zero erections.  My Urologist prescribed Cialis.  The first time I tried it results were poor a few flacid short lived erections.  I called my doctor and he said try again as it might not work the first time.  The second time was fantastic.  The second time almost as good as the first.  The third time poor results only one erection capable of intercourse.  The fourth time even worse, fifth time nothing at all.  Switched to Viagra on Dr.s suggestion.  Cialis side effects were moderate headache, moderate back ache, stuffiness and sinus pressure."
"Started taking Singulair with Zyrtec 3 weeks ago for a severe allergy I developed to my 3 pet rabbits. No side effects to speak of (I did have a headache one day, but I don&#039;t think it&#039;s related) and today I held one of my bunnies for the first time in 6 months without allergy symptoms. Now I don&#039;t have to get rid of some beloved family members!"
"I&#039;ve been dealing with extreme nausea and vomiting for the past 6 months, and it finally got to the point where I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and went to the ER. They gave me Zofran through IV and was feeling better in about an hour. After I was released I was on 4 mg every 8 hours and for about a week I was back to my old self. Then things started to go down hill, and they boosted it to 8 mg. Now it doesn&#039;t evenwork anymore and makes me more nauseous than I was before. I also got pretty bad constipation and headaches after taking the medication. Not to mention, if you&#039;re taking the tablets be ready to handle the taste because it is DISGUSTING."
"My head spins with overactive thoughts at bedtime causing insomnia. Ambien worked, but changed to Trazadone 100mg. I fell asleep quickly, but woke up feeling dizzy, as if hungover. The feeling lasted throughout the day. I didn&#039;t  like the lingering feeling, so I halved the dose, 50 mgs. Same side affects, felt drowsy and dizzy in the morning. I will go back to using Benedryl, as it didn&#039;t give me the Zombie feeling like Trazadone. (Xanax worked for me, but I didn&#039;t want to get addicted to it, so I don&#039;t take it.)"
"My bf came in me right before my period was due so just to be safe I took this had cramping. 2 days after I took the pill he came in me again which was stupid. My period was 4 days late but it came! This wasn&#039;t my first time taking it it works."
"I recently started having problems in bedroom.I was diagnosed with low testosterone and decreased blood flow to penis. I was prescribed for daily use of 5 mg of Cialis for 30 days. Took it for first time and I got to say I was VERY impressed with the results. Instantly got an erection upon intercourse and lasted for 45 minutes. Only thing though felt kind of funny when I first took it but felt better after 30 minutes. Check with your doctor first if you are on any other medicines. I currently take blood pressure medication but it does not interact with it. I highly recommend this medicine."
"I have been on depo for a year and 3 months and have had no issue until now. It worked perfectly after I had my laparoscopy when I was diagnosed with stage I endometriosis. Now after this past month I&#039;ve had bleeding and I have had 4 flare ups.... more than I had before my laparoscopy had been done. Went to the doctor with severe abdominal pain, nonstop bleeding and he had to take every gynecological test your mind can come up with, all of them came back negative. Doc is suggesting I go onto Lupron with add-back therapy since it&#039;s a lot stronger. Didn&#039;t have any side effects with the depo at all. I just hope with my new medicine administration of Lupron on the 24th of this month I will feel some much needed relief"
"I had this test today. I did feel somewhat dizzy and flushed but for only a couple of seconds, I did get a headache that did not go away so they gave me the antidote and it went away almost right away. It was not as bad as I had expected. The only thing I am wondering about is later in the day I became very nauseated not sure if this was from the medicine."
"Well it being the only medicine from my problem I felt better after 2 weeks of taking it. I had Interstital Cystitis for 10 years. I thought it was a urinary tract infection and took too many antibiotics. Sadly the pain came back every time. I have no side effects from Elmiron it helps me a lot, also no weight gain or swelling."
"I&#039;ve had horrible traumas happen when I was younger that still haunt me. I wake up shaking and can&#039;t sleep on my own. I&#039;ve been on Seroquel, Buspar, and Vistaril. None helped. My doctor finally prescribed Ativan and it has worked wonders! I feel great, don&#039;t wake up shaking, can actually sleep, and feel calm. Love it."
"Severe panic attacks, couldn&#039;t drive much, never on freeways, bridges, etc.  I can do it now after so many years of being unable to and even housebound for a while."
"I got the Mirena inserted about 4 days ago on the first day of my period. Since I&#039;m 19 I got it for free at a teen clinic! I experienced bad cramping with insertion because I have not had a child, but it was nothing I haven&#039;t felt before. I have a heavy menstrual flow so I bled and cramped a lot the first three days, but now it&#039;s day 5 and I am not even spotting at all. Obviously it&#039;s soon to tell if I&#039;ll have other symptoms or irregular bleeding but so far the process has been a breeze for me and I love my Mirena!"
"I have been on Viibryd 10 mg for about a month. For the last week or so I have become a nasty monster that no one wants to be around. Getting in touch with my psych to get me off this asap!"
"I LOVE this birth control. I&#039;ve had mine in since December of 2009 and have had no regrets. I&#039;m very forgetful which is why the pill would have never worked for me. I&#039;ve had my occasional mood swings and excessive periods but I would rather deal with that then to have a baby! "
"This is my first time taking birth control pills and I have only been on this pill for almost a week but I already feel like I am going to love it. My mood has improved and my appetite is also suppressed. I have already lost a few pounds. One negative side effect is that I have been spotting since day 1 but its manageable and they say this goes away after your body adjusts to the hormones."
"This is my second time on Lo Loestrin Fe and I love it. The difference is I consistently have a headache this time that I didn&#039;t have before. No acne, a little weight gain, and tender breast. I wish the price was more affordable it&#039;s $100 a month without insurance."
"I started with migraine aged 2 and suffered all my life. Going through the menopause it got worse and I was given Topomax. It changed my life in fact it gave me my life back. I titrated the drug super slow from 5 mg up to 50mg twice a day. The only side effect I had was pins and needles in my hands for several minutes after taking the tablets, that was bearable. Within 3 months I was migraine free. 12 years on I am still taking the tablets and still migraine free. Drugs affect individuals differently so don&#039;t be put off by the bad experiences of others even though I feel heart sorry for them. If you are suffering badly with migraine as I was then at least give them a try and I hope they work for you as they do for me."
"My knees were in so much pain that my doctor recommended me have euflexxa shots in both of my knees.  I had my last injection, number 3, on June 16th and I have no improvement in my knees.  This was very costly which I really could not afford and my knees are in just as much pain now as they were before I had the injections."
"First of all, not all doctors are trained in how to properly insert Nexplanon. The wrong doctor may embed it too deep, causing a 20-30 minute removal. Make sure the doctor has done is at least 20-30 times. The only pro of this BC is that its the most effective BC out there and you don&#039;t have to consciously think about it. Nexaplanon made gain weight, bleed for a month at a time, cost me hundreds of dollars in tampons &amp; pads, caused a yeast infection and completely changed by personality (caused depression and horrible anger spells), it affected my relationships with everyone I know. Just had it removed last week, emotionally I feel like myself again, however horrible cramps &amp; morning sickness have been present."
"I definitely can&#039;t say my experience with Mirena has been anything but crappy. The initial insertion of the IUD wasn&#039;t as bad as I imagined, didn&#039;t take more then 20 minutes. I was crampy for about a day and was already bleeding as I was on my period so I wouldn&#039;t have known the difference from spotting and my period. But its been over 4 months now n I&#039;m still spotting. Mainly that brown end of the period kind of junk, can&#039;t really tell whats my actual period anymore. I do lighty bleed for a few days then it&#039;ll just go back to that brown spotting. Doctor said 3 months for spotting but the actual Mirena site said up to 6 months so well see here in a month or so. I don&#039;t know how much longer I&#039;ll keep it after 6 months..a year seems unlikely."
"Concerta makes you focused and and concentrated. If you wanna get stuff done you can get it done in a breeze. You won&rsquo;t notice that your enjoying what your doing, what I mean by that is like u know how homework is boring and especially if you have ADHD you have impulse problems, when you take concerta it&rsquo;s like when your doing it, time passes by a lot and you won&rsquo;t notice. Like you look at the time and for example it&rsquo;s 2:30 while your doing your homework like I said the time will be 4:00 when you look back at your phone"
"I had such high hopes for this to help me control my cravings etc.  I did lots of research and talked at length with my doctor about side effects (lingering minor headaches, nausea).  Took one pill in the AM Saturday, had marked dizziness, nausea, and headache (borderline migraine).  Made it through the day.  Took one pill in the AM Sunday, and about two hours later it triggered the worst migraine I have ever had.  It was excruciating! The next day (Monday) I didn&#039;t take any, and went to Urgent Care, where I was ran fluids and given meds for migraine pain and nausea.  It&#039;s now Thursday of the same week, four days off the meds and I&#039;m finally beginning to feel normal.  While Contrave may work for some, it will absolutely not work for me."
"I have been on Cymbalta for 6 years. I am 51 and have a family history of depression and only recently have I accepted that I may have it very long term. For those in Australia I recommend the generic version called Coperin (I get it from Priceline) which reduces the &#039;brain fog&#039; of Cymbalta. I have been very happy on Cymbalta (Coperin), it changed my life. I hate that I rely on a tablet to enjoy life, but it is a small price to pay. My GP occasionally suggests I try a new drug but I always refuse. I have much improved relationships with people and it is great to have lost the anxiety which has completely disappeared. I have been on 30mg for 4 years, but am increasing to 60mg for a few weeks as I seem to be going through a bout of anxiety."
"Yesterday was 2nd instance that I have been prescribed the 200mg Benzonatate. I take religiously 3 times per day and yet no change. Last time I was prescribed I have a terrible sinus infection and bronchitis and all my symptoms continued for 8 days after taking this and a nasal spray for 10 days straight. This time I have upper respiratory infection and pharyngitis and after roughly 36 hours of meds there is no change in cough.....I think a cough drop does more. Don&#039;t think this works at all."
"It has been a great medicine to help with my anxiety.  I feel much calmer and more in control of my circumstances.  I have, however, also had the sexual side effects of a lower libido and difficulty with ejaculation"
"Aftera does not work!!! I took it maybe 12 hours after I had unprotected sex and it failed me. The box says you have up to 72 hours to take it. I am now 6 weeks pregnant. So disappointed"
"I am 25 and unfortunately have always had irregular periods. My husband and I have been trying to have a baby for over 3 years now with no luck. My doctor proscribed me medroxyprogesterone 5mg for 10 days in hope for a period followed by ovulation  After day 7 on my pill I started bleeding lightly. It wasn&#039;t too crazy until my last day on the pill [day 10]. I have now been on my period  for 12 long days [&amp; going strong]. It has progressively gotten heavier and clotty [I have to change my pad &amp; tampons every hour or so]. Anyone have a similar story? I&#039;m worried I have been bleeding for so long. I have a doctors appointment Tuesday to see what&#039;s going on."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from manic depression and anxiety since I was a teenager. I came to my breaking point last month and finally sought professional help. I&#039;m now on day 3 with taking Zoloft 25mg twice daily and I&#039;ve noticed some difference already and it&#039;s for the better. 
I&#039;m not really experiencing the side effects everyone is talking about and I&#039;m sleeping just fine. I was a little sleepy the first day and body was a little sore but nothing like everyone is describing. I know its  only been day 3 so its not really in my system. So I&#039;ll check in in a few weeks. Wish me luck"
"I have had a lot of bad things happen in my life, and sometimes I wondered why. I felt like I didn&#039;t want to live in this world full of evil, hate and violence. Xanax has helped me for over 18 years to calm me and let me understand that no matter what happens, I will be ok.  "
"I was always tired and lethargic. I thought it was from the chemo I was taking but when I switched to Anzemet, I realized it was the Compazine that made me tired."
"Had dvt in my calf, had a couple of clots get stuck in my lung 2 weeks after starting xeralto. Now after 2 1/2 months on it I get headaches, dizzy, light headedness, weakness in legs and arms and tingling in arms and hands. I had to leave work today because I was so weak. Going to have doc take me off it."
"Singulair is an effective medicine -- but can have significant side effects.  I experience a foggy head and depressed mood.  I have also experienced muscle cramps in my back while on this.  I have noticed in reading through the comments that quite a few people are suffering with some for of side effect from this medicine.  One recommendation:  I talked to my doctor about cutting he dose in half, from 10 mg to 5 mg.  I now take a childrens 5 mg tablet.  I still get relief but don&#039;t experience the same level of side effects."
"I have been on birth control pills for 26 years and switched to LoSeasonique to help with PMS that gets worse as I get older.  Half way through the first 3 month pack, I stopped taking it because of hair loss, headaches, breast tenderness, fatigue and weight gain.  "
"The 10mg didn&#039;t seem to help at all so after few days they let me up it to 20mg. I had a little trouble sleeping my legs would twitch and it made me feel really angry for few hours. I took Tylenol PM for a couple of days after upping it and it seemed to calm me down so I could sleep.  Then I was fine until it was time to up it to the 40mg.  I could not sleep at all, my whole body would twitch and I just felt out of it and like I was going to have a panic attack.  Finally took a bath and it helped me relax enough to sleep for couple hours. It was very scary but after a couple of hours I felt fine. I am a little scared to take the second dose of the 40mg but I think I&#039;m gonna try taking it in the morning.  I feel great on the medicine. other wise.."
"I am 35 and never had acne in my youthful ages until now. Acne all over my face and went to see a dermatologist who prescribed doxycycline for me. I have been taking this medicine for a month now and always experiencing acne on my face. Hope it gets better. Somebody help me."
"It&#039;s effective in the sense that it has done it&#039;s job well, it prevented pregnancy but I absolutely hate it. I switched over from Try Cyclen due to it&#039;s cost but honestly, I&#039;m planning on switching back. Severe cramps, headaches, and mood swings galore. The worst part of it all? I have been in my period for THREE WEEKS. It&#039;s ridiculous, I&#039;ve never had issues with any other birth control. My regular period usually lasted 4 days maximum, compare that to constant bleeding for almost a month now. No thanks. Do not recommend this for anyone."
"So, I had been experiencing irregular and painful periods due to low body fat and my lifestyle (I am an avid runner). My doctor said I was suffering from Amenorrhea. So he placed me on Minastrin. Literally within a week and 5 days of taking the medicine, I broke out in severe hives on my legs and arms which were red and itchy. I called my doctor and told him and he suggested that I take benadryl for the allergic reaction. The benadryl did not help. I also was experiencing mood changes where I would either be down in the dumps or angry at the world. I was then instructed to stop taking it and begin a new one. One day after not taking the medicine, I started bleeding heavily and having severe cramps. 1st time I ever had BC."
"I took clomid last January from day 1-5 of on period to induce ovulation because I have pcos therefore my periods are irregular and don&#039;t think I ovulate normally. I got pregnant the next month, unfortunely I lost my baby in May of 2016, I was about 18 weeks. So in June I got a period but kind of long one, not too sure if it was a normal period anyway, after 36 days I had another period which was on june, in July I had my period on the 25th which seems to me like a period so I took clomid again I the first day through the 29th so five day starting from day one of my period, not like day 2-3 like some do. I follow the calendar and it predicted that I will be ovulate around the 3-8th of August, I had intercouse on those day, I&#039;m pregnant 16th"
"This medicine has allowed me to function as a &#039;normal&#039; productive person. With the proper use of this medicine others have no idea that I live with severe chronic, intractable facial pain. As with any medicine, I can&#039;t give it a 10 because I wish I didn&#039;t have to take it. There is always the hope for a cure."
"I am a 50 year old male and pre-Axiron, testosterone tested out at 323 in the morning.  I was feeling tired, sluggish, no sex drive and falling asleep in the early evening.  I started using 60 mg a day of Axiron.  I noticed a huge increase in energy and increased libido during the first two days.  Day three I could feel the effects of Axiron tapering off and I returned to feeling tired and sluggish.  After one month of using Axiron, a morning test of my testosterone tested out at 257.  Axiron dosage was just increased to 90 mg a day.  I am not sure why Axiron would work initially and then stop working.  I will give the 90 mg a day of Axiron a try for another month and have my testosterone re-tested."
"I felt less pain but the side effects were NOT worth it. I ended up becoming very depressed and apathetic and slept for 12+ hours a day, missed work, didn&#039;t clean or eat. I was taken off after I crashed my car."
"Brilliant. Day 3 of taking microbid and UTI cleared up. Still 4 more days to go.

Very happy."
"After trying numerous antidepressants years back and having bizarre reactions and becoming a walking zombie I was prescribed &quot;Cipralex&quot; 3 weeks ago tomorrow. I started with only 1/4 of a tablet as I was apprehensive but beside a bit of an odd smell when going to the bathroom they are amazing.

After only 1/4 pill the first day about 4 hours after I took it I found myself laughing for the first time in years and now feel calmer, and much more focused with more drive. A month ago I could barely read a paragraph without losing my concentration or re-reading it over and over,now I WANT to read and read. I feel so much more in control,then again I have been experiencing depression for about 20 years so do something about it now no regrets here!"
"I was prescribed augmentin for a dental infection/tooth abscess. When I went to the dentist, I had already been on 3 or 4 days of penicillin. The penicillin didn&#039;t seem to be clearing the infection, and the dentist couldn&#039;t get me in for a root canal for another week. There the augmentin came into play. The first dose I took on an empty stomach (couldn&#039;t eat with my throbbing face). So I had some nausea and just figured it normal. The next dose I took with food, as directed. I puked viciously. I took another dose or two and had similar results... so much nausea and vomiting, it was hard to appreciate the fact my face wasn&#039;t throbbing. So it works well on infections, hard on the stomach though."
"Great for the annoying hayfever/runny nose through the year - once I feel my nose close up I pop a pill and I&#039;m actually able to BREATHE and hear properly (deaf as well). Couple times I&#039;ve been told to take the Phenylephrine version at the pharmacy, but told them sorry it doesn&#039;t even work so stop."
"My bra size definitely got higher, and my sex drive hasn&#039;t changed at all. I haven&#039;t noticed that I have gained weight, but I am always hungry and have a lot of cravings, period is regular and its nice to know when the time comes. I think Apri is good and I would not change it for another brand."
"I had gall bladder surgery and got narcotics for pain afterwards. No matter what pain killer I got, they made me vomit even at half the dose. Ondansetron (Zofran) helped some but not fully. Once I got my first dose of Phenergan my nausea was completely gone. It made me very sleepy but I was very happy about. This was the best anti-nausea medication that I ever had!"
"This creme has done absolutely nothing but make my skin worse. I&#039;ve been doing it for about 4 weeks now and have seen zero improvement at all. I do not recommend."
"When I first started NuvaRing the doctor gave me 3 rings. Within that time I loved it. However when I actually picked up the RX for it I&#039;m kinda hating it. At times it&#039;s very hard to put on, anytime I use the bathroom it slides out halfway. This time I don&#039;t think it&#039;s in right no matter how many times I adjust it. I have also been on my period since the time I put it in which was two weeks ago, and the cramps have been extremely painful. I thought BC was supposed to help with cramping? On the plus side I do like that I don&#039;t have to keep switching it out, and I have definitely seen alot of improvement in my acne. I&#039;m willing to try it out for another month and see how it goes if not I would like to try the depoProvera injection."
"I was so very excited when I found out that I could be helped after being diagnosed with MTHFR, I was on Deplin 15mg a day, I actually felt fantastic after about 2 months of treatment, after about 8 months I slowly started getting severe muscle pain and weakness also extreme joint pain as to where I could barely work or do the slightest of activities. Doctors ran a ton of blood tests but found nothing, I recently stopped taking Deplin and have found that the issues have disappeared! I loved Deplin and am very sad I can&#039;t take it any longer! It really also helps with depression and mood!"
"This artical says it&#039;s not known what happens with overdose of Prometrium but I can tell you do not take 2 doses at once. I normally take 800mg/day for last 1/2 of my cycle to suppress catamenial seizures. It works great with no negative side effects. I take 200mg every 6 hours. I recently missed a 200mg dose so I took 400mg at once. I was completely anesthesized for a couple of hours. Body went jelly-like. Everything slowed way down to the point that words came too slowly, if at all. Family opted to take me to the ER. Later was determined I was likely not in danger of dying but was clearly knocked out for a while. Memory of much of those 2 hours is totally lost to me. Family says I was pleasant and cooperative but out of it."
"I received this treatment and as far as I  could tell there were no side effects except for fatigue and some pain. I am not sure if it was really any worse than usual because I have chronic pain anyhow. It did get rid of the Hep C though so it did what it was meant to do."
"I have been taking these pills for abnormal cycles.  I&#039;ve had an ultrasound and a biopsy and doctors couldn&#039;t find anything.  Have to take 3 pills a day just to slow up bleeding.  Has anyone else had this problem if so did they finally get some relief."
"After a long period of stress I developed functional dyspepsia, which included ulcer-like pain, lots of belching, a horrible taste in my mouth, and nausea. It got so bad that I was struggling to eat anything at all without being in pain; I lost weight and started to become depressed because I felt like life wasn&#039;t worth living. In desperation, and after a lot of online research, I went to my doctor and asked for amitriptyline. I started on 10mg at night, and my symptoms began to disappear almost instantly. By day 4 or 5 I was virtually symptom-free. I upped my dose to an extra 10mg in the morning, to ensure that the effect didn&#039;t wear off during the day. I can now pretty much eat what I like, and I have hope for the future! Give it a try :)"
"I have had my Mirena for over 2 years and I LOVE it! When I had it placed I had some moderate to severe cramping but I was given pain killers to help that. For the 1st year I had some random cramping but no periods, but now I hardly think about it (unless my friends are complaining about theirs). I am 23 and have no children and want to keep it that way. I plan on getting another one placed when this one is done."
"Helped a bit but not even close to being worth it considering the  very dangerous possible side effects which may include death.  Much better alternatives are now available without the high risk."
"Such a great pill! I contracted HSV 2 when I was only 17 by my boyfriend that cheated on me. One week before my highschool graduation. I started taking it only when having outbreaks until shortly after I was having 3-4 a month. I was beyond depressed. My doctor told me about suppressive medicine taking it twice a day (500mg) and ever since then I have been clear of any sign of an outbreak. I&#039;m going on month 5 with no symptoms. Makes me feel myself again! Remember ALWAYS USE PROTECTION!"
"I&#039;ve been using this for almost 2 months now and it helped clear my face. It also regulates the skin&#039;s sebum production hence reducing oiliness. Side effects are peeling, redness, increased sun sensitivity, burning and itching. I recommend to first time users to put a very small amount to parts affected. Patience is the key. For a week or two your face will really adjust to it but it works. My face even has a pinkish glow to it now and I feel more confident."
"I&#039;ve been on oxycontin for a few weeks and this medicine is amazing. It totally kills all my pain and gives me energy. I can have a normal life because of it. "
"I have rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia and also arthritis in my neck and spine. I take the 100 mg tablet and it works just fine for me. I take it with Zantac 150 to protect my stomach. I only need 1 pill a day. If in severe pain, I will also take a muscle relaxer called Norflex and I am able to rest and function and get much needed relief."
"It&#039;s my third time returning back to Zoloft and I&#039;m 21. First time I&#039;ve used Zoloft I was only 15 and it was for Social Anxiety/Severe Depression and it helped me tremendously. Stopped it after one year and maybe... 6 months later my anxiety was back along with obsessive compulsive disorder.

Anyway, I&#039;m back on it and after 1 month I can say this IT&#039;S PERFECT. I&#039;m lucky to not have any side effects (except maybe a little bit of diziness but I don&#039;t care) and I feel so much better!!! 

I&#039;m way LESS ANXIOUS, OCD is diminished by 3/4 (I still need to follow therapy for this problem), no more black thoughts, I&#039;m also more focused at school and my thoughts are more coherent/clear. 

I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll ever stop this medication... For me, it&#039;s a life saver."
"I am 24 years old and have a 14 week old son. I have fought with depression most of my life due to childhood and what not. After having my son everything came crashing down. I was on the brink of a divorce and suicidal. So I ask my Dr, he put me on 50mg of Zoloft and I&#039;m now on day 4. Side effects for me are headache, tired, dizzy nausea. But I&#039;m sticking to it hoping those will go away. My mood is so much better."
"After not being on Birth Control since I was 19 years old &amp; &quot;considered&quot; dating men I took the Shot in September 2016 just to play it safe. I bled for 1 month straight, then nothing the next month, then bled whole month in December. I said NO to getting it again as it made me feel bizarre. Well....I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since. Massive amounts of blood clotting &amp; 36864157963 Tampons &amp; Pads later, swollen 10lb weight gain, headaches, mad burning cramps, melasma on my face and an atrocious attitude directly from HELL still bleeding something fierce. This &quot;wonder shot&quot; should come with a lifetime supply of Femme Products &amp; masseuse named Hans. I was prescribed Provera yesterday. Dear Lord let it work! ! DO NOT TAKE THIS FORM OF CONTROL"
"I have been on Abilify for three weeks now.  I also take Klonopin, Celexa, and Trileptal for bipolar II disorder.  The Abilify was added to control my anger and aggression, because sometimes I just wanted to SNAP!  I feel much better now.  So far I&#039;ve only lost weight because it makes me feel queasy and kills my appetite in general.  However, I give it an 8 because it costs a small fortune to be on this medication ($600 a month since I no longer have insurance). It&#039;s made my insomnia worse too. Overall though as long as it doesn&#039;t make me gain weight it still rates high on my scale."
"Miracle worker.  Took about six weeks to start fully working and the side effects were not so pleasant at first.  Now taking 20mg daily, I have no side effects and feel great.  During the first few weeks taking it, I would have extremely good moods that almost seemed imaginable and then I would go back to feeling sad.  Then eventually that went away.  One negative about Lexapro is that my stomach isn&#039;t as strong as it was before and a lot of foods bother it.  All I can do is eat healthy and take pro-biotics.  VERY HAPPY with Lexapro."
"I love Junel Fe. Been on it for a year a half the only side effect is I usually get migraines around my period. But I also have had migraines prior to beginning the pill. Periods are easily predictable and little lighter than they were before (4 days long). Cramps are the same for me, no weight gain, no difference in moodiness, and actually helped stop breast tenderness for me. Love the iron pills as the placebos. And best of all it&#039;s free."
"This does not take the pain away."
"Does not help, makes my legs, knees and hips hurt. Very tired and no energy also."
"After several weeks I finally got the doctor to change my script to Armour Thyroid I have begun to feel better.  Now I have to convince him to increase the dose.  He first told me he would &quot;get in trouble with the law&quot; if he prescribed Armour but when I told him I would call a pharmacy to check what he said, he recanted and ordered me Armouor Thyroid 15 mg.  I have had Armour on and off through my life.  The lab tests were not right as they had the level ranges too high.  Now I am back to square one.  I am looking forward to feeling the way I should.  God bless Armour Thyroid."
"The very first day I started on this pill I went looking for reviews. To be completely honest I have no idea why I did this because it just scared the crap out of me and made me believe I was going to have some crazy side effects or symptoms. I believe most of us go out of our way to write a review when a product is negative, therefore we see all the bad. From my personal experience this pill was AH-MAZING. Firstly, I was terrified of weight gain. I already struggle to keep my weight low and suffer from a slow metabolism. I have to workout and eat healthily regularly. I have gained no weight. I&#039;ve had a regular period. No break outs and no long lasting spotting. No sex drive issues. No mood swings. I have been completely unaffected :) y"
"I&#039;m not sure yet what to think. I&#039;ve been on 300 mg of Bupropion XL for one week and feel angry, edgy and cranky. "
"I am a 30 yr old disabled army veteran. Got my prescription of Viagra in the mail today from the department of veterans affairs medical system. Took it around 10.45pm and around 11.30pm started to become flush in the face and a slight head ache. But when it came down to do business it works great I stay harder longer and don&#039;t go soft as quick can satisfy my significant other with great pleasure now.  I am glad I talked to my doctor about my erectile dysfunction. I never would have thought that the VA system would ever give the pill to veterans who have erectile dysfunction. But they do."
"Works great. I&#039;ve taken them for 6 yrs until switched to diazepam."
"I have suffered with migraines for over 10 years, was presribed Imatrex, which gave some relief, before being given Amerge. Usually the migraine would return within 4 hours. My headaches usually last between 4-5 days. With Amerge, if taken at the first sign of the headache, I can have relief for 24 hours at a time. Much better control. Side effects are very minimal, some nausea, but hard to tell from the migraine itself. Try it, it&#039;s is definitely worth it. Also, see if there are food triggers."
"My daughter had a baby Dec 2015 and got the Nexplanon at her checkup. She loves it!!! She has now had it about 9 months and has never had a period, and hasn&#039;t gained any weight. Actually lost all her baby weight and is now modeling. She loves it! I wanted to get one so bad, but im 40 and not sure which route it will go with my body since everyone is different. I wish i would be as lucky as my daughter. Until then, im on the pill"
"I have had grand-mal seizures since age 7 due to an AVM in my brain. Previously during childhood, I was on Dilantin (major rage problems) and Tegretol (caused liver damage). When the Tegretol caused liver disease and brain surgery was complete, I was switched to Keppra XR (2 pills 2x a day) and seizures have been under control for the most part."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE Mirena! I was on the pill for 6 years, which killed my sex drive. And after a while started giving me migraines, which became more and more frequent with time. Now with Mirena I am migraine-free! So nice not having to worry about either migraines OR taking a pill everyday since I am a busy medical student working crazy hours in the hospital. I knew it was time to switch and I&#039;m so glad I did!"
"I&#039;ve had this in for around five months now , when I first got it in I bled so bad for the first two weeks I became anemic , the bleeding stopped eventually but my period were very irregular and random  I didn&#039;t bleed for around three months but I just got my period and I have the WORST cramps nonstop I feel nauseous and its never been like this before  it also made me gain a lot of weight, other than that its very easy insertion and you don&#039;t have to worry about it unlike the pill or other birth control methods  but I don&#039;t know how I&#039;m feeling about it now"
"Yes, the Ortho Evra was effective, but it made me feel absolutely horrible.
I faced terrible depression and would cry for essentially no reason, I became hostile and irritable to even my best friend, and didn&#039;t even feel like myself. I experienced issues with anxiety, including anxiety attacks and a sense of uneasiness when in public places. I can&#039;t recall ever feeling worse about myself."
"I am 25 years old with no kids. I got the Paraguard inserted 3 days ago and it has been the worse pain I have ever felt. The procedure only lasted for about 5 minutes so it was quick, however; the after pain has been nonstop. I have not been able to leave my couch for 3 days. I am just rating the insertion process. I feel like the doctor did not prepare me because I had no idea I would have this much pain. This weekend I had a wedding and many family plans that I had to cancel. I am taking 6 ibuprofen a day and when I stand up I feel like someone is stabbing me with a knife. I had a bowel movement and I literally felt like I was going to die. If it doesn&#039;t go away in a week I will have to remove to be able to work."
"Your body will either love or hate the Implanon. I had the Implanon for one and a half years, and for me it was bad. I gained 5kgs, and would go through these cycles - two weeks on, two weeks off - of non-stop bleeding, mood swings that nearby altered my personality, and a huge increase in anxiety. I actually thought I was mentally unwell, and my doctor was so reluctant to take it out, over and over again convincing me to keep it in. But then I insisted on switching to Yaz, which worked beautifully with my body- I am myself again, losing weight was easier (I&#039;m back to my usual weight) and my cycle is back to normal. "
"I started Prozac after a bout with anxiety and depression with insomnia.  I had probably depleted myself nutritionally and emotionally after a really rough year.  Lost my Dad, on-going struggles with eating disorders, chronically ill husband, etc ... what a difference.  I have been on it for almost a year and I am fine.  I feel  great - like myself.  Just need to give it time in the beginning.  I think the medication and eating healthy and exercising has helped greatly.  My stress level is just as high -- just able to take the problems now with normal reactions."
"I&#039;m on my first week of using this. I don&#039;t have bad acne, I just wanted the blackheads on my nose to go away. The first week has been awful. My skin is so dry, red, burning, and now I have so many pimples. I never have pimples. My dermatologist said this would make my skin worse but I&#039;m starting to wonder if this is worth it. My skin is disgusting. The other reviews say to keep using it and it will get better. I&#039;ll keep updating."
"Taking 20 mg for 2 months. I take in the morning on full stomach and don&#039;t have any nausea. I had nausea for a few days but it went away after taking high doses of calcium. I also had itching the 1st week but that went away with Benadryl and applying anti-itch ointment. I&#039;ve taken just about everything for depression and suffered intolerable side effects - but not with Brintellix. I feel much better. IMHO, side effects can be easily treated with OTC medicines. I have noticed that people who have bad side effects from it are also taking other medications, i.e. for bipolar, depression, etc. My Dr said taking Brintellix with medicines like Wellbutrin can have serious side effects like mood swings, disorientation."
"I started taking Zoloft 50mg for 2 days now and really felt no change yet. My Doctor said it could take up to 6 weeks to get the full effect. Think I had an anxiety attack the other day at work. Blood pressure was up, nervous, sweating, throwing up.  "
"I deployed to Iraq in 2012. I had my grand mal seizure at the age of 21 after a mission. Was sent home for testing. I was put on other sezuire meds that absolutely sucked. Then my neurologist prescribed me Topiramate. It was a rough first few weeks with new tastes and tingly hands and feet but slowly the almost constant minor seziures I had in my right arm were gone. I love this medicine. I haven&#039;t had a grand mal sense October 2013."
"I was very pleased with my Lupron experience.  I was on a six month course and found the first three to four months easy.  I did experience hot flashes, mood swings, and slight insomnia.  My fifth and sixth month were a little more difficult for me.  The hot flashes became a little more apparent, the mood swings more frequent, and my face began to break out.  To me, that was the worst.  Along with the Lupron, I had a laproscopy 2 months before the medication and I started acupuncture treatments about a month before beginning Lupron which really helped with the side effects.  My pain levels before medication were unbearable.  I could hardly bring myself to get out of bed.  I now notice that my pain level is low if I have any at all."
"my hubby has been on the  med since Sept 2015.   It is not working..  they  put him on the Gaba to remove the morphine.  In the last 4 weeks  by 11pm he is wide awake in pain and in tears.  In the last 2 weeks the heavy pressure on  his right side just below the shoulder is worse each time.  He has developed a cold  that will not go away  starting in Nov. We see the Doc on Feb 3rd. He is taking a sleep aid  and med for really bad  headaches.  I am  so  afraid of what will happen when  the next dose falls.   We have been married for 24 years.  He  has had problems with drugs and drink all his life  from 9 years of age on..  yep   .. people  9 years of age..  Started smoking pot and drinking.. "
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for roughly 6-7 months now and at first everything was going great. the past month or so however, I&#039;ve had the most horrible anxiety, panic attacks, and irritability ever. Even more recently I&#039;ve had nausea to the point where I&#039;m throwing up periodically through the night. My anxiety was so bad I was having so many negative thoughts and didn&#039;t have the motivation to do much anymore. I couldn&#039;t come up with any other explanation until I thought about my birth control. I&#039;m stopping immediately and will be seeing my doctor soon to switch pills hopefully!"
"I smoked for thirty years. I thought I&#039;d die with a cigarette in my mouth. If tried everything and I still went back to smoking. Zyban was my last chance. I smoked at first and started to taper off. If there were side effects I don&#039;t really remember them. It took three weeks before I had the guts to not smoke. I list the cravings rather quicker than I thought possible. I haven&#039;t smoked for 12 years now. I still can&#039;t believe I&#039;m a non smoker. Even at the worst time in my life I still never felt like a cigarette. I can honestly say I&#039;m not a reformed smoker. I  truly a non smoker."
"I am only on day one but I have terrible side effects. I was told to take 1 x 500mg twice a day. I don&#039;t know if I will be able to go the full 7 days. I feel incredibly hot, rapid heart beat, nausea, body aches, unpleasant taste to mouth, headache."
"My Neuro put me on Gabapentin 300m every night, and I went from chronic migraines 3-5 a mth, to only 1-2 a month.  If I take my Sumatriptan as soon as I feel a migraine coming on (along with ice bag rotating on my head) it goes away within an hour or two.  Miracle medications!  They have saved my life!"
"Please please do not take this drug it destroyed my life,once you take it you are completely dependant on it and trying to stop it can cause brain damage,It is the most horrific med."
"I had struggled for around 3 years after recovering from a heart attack with problems achieving and maintaining an erection during foreplay and attempting penetration during intercourse. At 64 and sexually active, I&#039;m glad I listened to my wife who is 12 years younger than me, when she encouraged me to speak to my doctor about it. I finally plucked up the courage to speak with him about my problem. Being aware of my health status, he prescribed Viagra 50 mg saying that I should start with 1 tablet on an empty stomach 1 hour prior to sex. We gave it a whirl and WOW what a difference! Between 30 - 60 minutes after taking the Viagra I am erect and rock hard with little stimulation. It&#039;s great to know my performance in the bedroom is back."
"I was diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis at 22 years. For decades I was bounced from one specialist to another and my diagnosis would be rejected and Crohns would be the alternate favourite. Currently Crohns is the diagnosis. 

First prednisone (I was overdosed and had a nasty reaction, it was decreased as fast as possible), 5asa (3 years with moderate benefits), Flagyl (caused extreme gastro pain and discontinued immediately) Pentasa (it worked for about 2 decades), Humira (1 year) Remicaid has not been effective. I will have the third infusion in a week but I have been declining steadily. Soon I will be in the hospital again. 
Is there anything left to try?"
"A year in on this med and feeling extreme fatigue. When I say extreme fatigue, I mean exhausted and out of breath. Not sure what and when will it go away!"
"Plan B one-step worked on me. I waited roughly 18 hours before I took it and it worked great. The only hard thing to deal with were the side effects. I had bloating and cravings and that first week was just the worst...but then I got my period."
"I started having inflammation in both of my shoulders where I had a very hard time raising my arms to apply deodorant.  I also had pain behind my knees where I could kneel but I could not sit on my heels as the pain from inflammation was so bad. I also had a hard time moving my wrists from inflammation. I also had pain on the sides of my hips evenly which was scary.  I had tests done many times for R/A and Osteo  and I was told that I did not have either one but something was causing inflammation which in turn caused pain and stiffness. After taking the first day of a 6-day 4 mg Medrol does pac, I felt 10X better. It was like a miracle drug with no negative side effects for me."
"I Watson NuvaRing for 1 year 2 months and now I am writing this review because I am currently in a hospital with blood clots in my lungs. I won&#039;t know if the NuvaRing is the definitely blame for this until tomorrow but its most likely. As far as preventing pregnancy, the product works well. As far ad comfort, I give it a 9. Unfortunately, this is one if the risks that occurs with taking any birth control. So I want to say be careful. Any changes in your body, please report them to you obgyn. I had chest pain and thought I pulled a muscle. Thank goodness I followed my instincts and went to the ER. These blood clots could of traveled to my heart."
"This medication has been a life saver for me in getting my ears to drain.  I suffer from year round allergies and have been diagnosed with eustachian tube disfunction.  This is the only medication that works to keep my ears drained so I don&#039;t get an ear infection. I only take 10 mg. total daily broken into 2- 5 mg. doses.  To those that this med does not work, I say they are very wrong.  I have tried regular psuedofed and had to stop it due to excessive nervousness and insomnia.  This med on the other hand works great.  I have been taking it daily for 20 yrs and have to due to the my allergies/ ear disfunction.  If I miss a few days doses, I get an ear infection every time."
"I have had the implanon 3 times now. 2 out of 3 were fantastic and got no periods. The other time i didnt stop bleeding but they gave me some tablets to stop it. I gained a little weight but nothing dramatic. Bonus is i never got pregnant :). Got the last one out three months ago and went back on the pill but it put me in so much pain so im getting the 4th implanon back in tomorrow. It works great for me but everyone is different."
"I have been taking Zanaflex for about a year now and it has been wonderful for me.  I have Ankylosing spondylitis and fibromyalgia.  I have a very hard time sleeping at night but Zanaflex helps me sleep and keeps down the muscle pain."
"Taking montelukast for a week now and I do notice improvement with my asthma. However, the side effects are not worth dealing with. Right away I started having crazy dreams every night while on it. I also felt very anxious. As much as it did help with my asthma, I will not continue to take it. I will be just fine with just the Advir Disk."
"Been on the pill for 20 yrs and over the past few years have noticed more nausea.  This plus often forgetting it made me inquire into alternatives.  My Ob suggested the ring which sounded great. Am heading into my 3rd week already decided to go back to the pill.  First, it was unsettling getting it in and I felt it constantly. To not feel it requires it going pretty far in which makes it hard to find. There is also: discharge, acne, nausea and stomach cramping/bloating.  I feel like I&#039;m on my period all the time and the acne (like a kid). I think it&#039;s a good fit for some, just not for me."
"Started on Contrave almost a year ago, was @ 417 lbs at the time.  My goal was to lose 10 lbs. per month setting 100 lbs. as my main goal.  I have had no side effects what so ever and was able to get to my goal.  I am now trying for 5 lbs. a month, but my cravings at night are back and I&#039;m trying to maintain.  Wondering if they have a stronger dosage?"
"First off, I must say &quot;do not be afraid of this product! &quot;  It does burn and itch, but it&#039;s not as bad as some describe. I was able to work all day after I inserted it.  When the burning got bad I just went to the bathroom during my break times and used the cream and wipes. Any medicine at prescribed strength form inserted into you is going to hurt. We as women do so much to our bodies, and this is nothing compared to a lot of these things that are a necessity to our health!"
"I had the MRSA virus i my thigh and it was the size of an enlarged grapefruit and nothing was working. My doctors gave me 4 doses of IV Zyvox and I was discharged in under a week."
"Trying good results"
"I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s 28 years ago and have been on multiple medications over the years. I had a flare up in January of 2000 after being admitted to the hospital for a failing appendix. That is where I met my current Gastro Doctor. 

I was put on Imuran with a side of Asacol, but was taken off the Asacol around 7 years ago. I have been taking 100mg of Imuran for 16 years with virtually no side effects and haven&#039;t had one flare up to speak of since 2000. 

I know everyone is different, but Imuran has been super good to me!"
"2nd month. Weight gain, horrible acne, nausea, and SPOTTING EVERY DAY. Even started 2 full blown periods during this month and a half. Trying to stick with it, not sure."
"I was prescribed Ultram for a severe sore throat, couldn&#039;t eat or drink. I was taking Cymbalta. The combination caused a seizure. "
"So me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex. My period ended December 27th and we had unprotected sex on January 1st. He didn&#039;t know if he cummed or not so to be safe I took a plan b pill about 3 hours after. It caused my period to be 3 weeks late, but today February 8th my period started. I was constantly on here reading reviews and stressing myself out. So if you are stop it!! It works!! Just give it time"
"I just want to say that this is the best medicine because if it were not for clonidine I wouldn&#039;t be here."
"I have taken Lunesta 3mg for about 5 years now.  Never have had bad dreams or any instances of sleepwalking, etc.  I take it &amp; about 45 minutes later I am fast asleep until my alarm clock goes off.  Prior to finding Lunesta, I had insomnia for years &amp; I cannot tell you how much of a lifesaver this medicine has been!  Tried Ambien but it did not work for me at all.  Also tried Sonata, but would wake up a few hours after going to sleep.  I&#039;ve had no problems with tolerance, either.  The only &quot;bad&quot; thing is the crappy taste in one&#039;s mouth, but I discovered that brushing my tongue when I brush my teeth before going to bed gets rid of 90% of it, along with using Biotene mouthwash (the dry mouth brand).  Hooray!  My insurance will now cover it, too!"
"This works great. I was on 300mg for insomnia. Since I started working I&#039;m only taking 150mg. I fall asleep about 30 min after taking it.  No problems getting up in the morning. Also,  not groggy after 7-8 hrs of sleep."
"I am torn about this particular pill, because in some ways it has really helped me. I have insomnia pretty bad and at times I just didn&#039;t feel tired and would pull all nighters due to sleep onset insomnia. This pill helps me feel tired which is what I really needed. I have been sleeping really well. Another pro is that my periods are very light, short, and predictable. The biggest problem, however, is the weight gain! I gained 10 lbs that I cannot seem to lose despite counting every calorie that I eat and working out to the point of nearly killing myself. I get on the scale and the damn thing doesn&#039;t budge. Also, sex drive is almost gone. Acne flares up still. I&#039;m not thrilled with this pill and will be switching."
"I have been on Klonopin for over 6 yrs now.  Has been working great. I take it for Bipolar Disorder and Panic Disorder without agoraphobia.  I have had my times off of it, but also experiencing Epilepsy. I usually  have seizures within 48 hrs of being off Klonopin.  Needless to say I&#039;m still taking it (0.5mg tabs 4 times daily).  Works great, and it was the first benzodiazepine I&#039;ve been prescribed and only one that works for me.  I&#039;ve tried Ativan, Xanax, Valium and Restoril. They all work great, but I&#039;ll always prefer Klonopin."
"I have been using differin for 15 weeks and this is the best my skin has looked in years. And I am excited that it&#039;ll keep getting better from here. The Initial breakout phase was terrible! So for anyone going through that now... keep going, there&#039;s a bright light at the end of the tunnel!! Antibiotics won&#039;t hurt too!!!"
"Due to allergies trimethoprim is the best choice for a bladder infection for me. Used once before about 4 years ago after infection from catheter after surgery. Works fine for me and I have not had the side effects some experience. So in my case a very good choice."
"I started this medication over 2 weeks ago and I have lost 12lbs. The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced are occasional headaches here and there, but Advil cleared that up. Changed my diet and definitely not having cravings any more,  so much that my boyfriend bought me a donut and I told him no thanks!  Super proud of myself.  Can&#039;t wait to see my results after a couple of months,  have to lose 40 lbs in total."
"Switched from lexapro to pristiq because of DNA test but even after a month on it I felt more nervous than normal and made my OCD worse. Horrible drug- stick to lexapro, Zoloft or Prozac."
"Update: Started Saxenda on April 1. I started at 238.5 and today 221. Lost 17.5 lbs. so far. No side effects at all since starting medication. This medication works great as long as you exercise each day and learn how to eat and what not to eat. If you think you are going to eat bad things and still lose weight you are only kidding yourself. Things to stay away from are of course anything with flour or sugar, no bread at all, no red meat,and definitely no soda or alcohol. You need to learn how to eat while on the medication because you will need this knowledge when you get off of it.  Make water with lemon slices your new friend!"
"I&#039;m a 29 yo male who has had Supra Ventricular Tachycardia since I was 22. I&#039;ve been on metoprolol ever since I was diagnosed. Over the past year I started having episodes of Atrial fibrillation, right when I started medical school. I was hesitant about an ablation, so my doc tried 150mg Propafenone every 8hr and it&#039;s been helping! I still take the metoprolol, but at a lower dose (to prevent 1:1 conduction), and it works great. I still get anxiety occasionally at night when I lay down and feel my heartbeat, but that&#039;s only because I was used to it happening every night. I&#039;ll probably still get the ablation, but I&#039;m in no rush!"
"Was on Prevacid for over a year. All of a sudden it stopped working. Tried Protonix, all I can say is never again. So then Dr. prescribed Nexium 40mg, been on it for about week, so far so good. No side effects that I can tell and acid is definitely under control."
"The only thing about this pill is, it gives me a headache."
"Doc prescribed this after I&#039;d been having a lot of stomach cramps followed by diarrhea after eating. I have mixed IBS and cycle between diarrhea and constipation. 
It worked but the side effects were a bit much It kept having mixed effects on my sleep. I either was wired all night or slept through my alarm. 
There didn&#039;t seem to be any buildup effect, if I missed a dose I was screwed for the next two days. Also noticed a decrease in my sex drive but my increase in episodes was definitely stress induced so who knows. 
Eventually the constipation got to be too much I will only take it if I&#039;m having more diarrhea episodes. 
I&#039;m still dealing with gas pain (which I think this medication may have helped with, not 100% sure) and constipation."
"Much better than Preparation H or any other type of Hemorrhoid Cream"
"I have taken Lomotil for 11 years 2 in the am &amp; 2 in the pm which controls my diarrhea except I am good for six/eight weeks and then for whatever reason it doesn&#039;t work for a week or so.  I even up my dosage but it doesn&#039;t help thankfully the Lomotil starts working again.  Just wish I didn&#039;t have the time it doesn&#039;t work."
"Hard for treating my 20mos old daughter as the granules are gritty and the whole suspension isn&#039;t very exciting to taste. It works, but make sure your baby does not spit up medicine or get something else if they do."
"On Zolft 25 mg / day and my anxiety attacks have stopped. I haven&#039;t woken up depressed (used to wake up depressed and stay in bed) or had suicidal thoughts (had suicidal thoughts almost daily.)  It&#039;s like this medicine has filled in the blanks for me. I don&#039;t feel high or euphoric or excited or anything other than what I think normal must feel like. It&#039;s quite a change from what I was used to, nonstop anxiety, depression and I was always thinking about suicide but all that has stopped and is a thing of the past. I can&#039;t even believe I was feeling like that. I now know that something was wrong with my brain and this medicine has fixed it for me. I am so happy to wake up not feeling sad."
"Beware!! Make sure your podiatrist tests your nails for fungus! I saw 3 podiatrists that did not test and wanted me to take Lamasil. I refused to possibly trade my liver for pretty nails. So, when podiatrist #2 suggested removing the nail and using topical Jublia when it started growing back in, I jumped on it, thinking topical is safer. Within 2 weeks of using Jublia ALL my toes became affected and red and blistered. I thought I had athletes foot, so I continued while using foot powders and sprays too! 2 dermatologists later I never had fungus; it was psoriasis!! 

Jublia was a &quot;traumatic &quot; event to my toe nails and made the underlying psoriasis go nuts. Now over a year and a half later, I have psoriatic arthritis in my feet and hands."
"No side effects and cut my LDL cholesterol in half with 10 mg dosage in 10 days. Taking Crestor for 45 days now."
"I went to the doctor having hard breathing, weakness, aching, headaches, and a nasty cough. I had it 3 days before going in. I was prescribed Clarithromycin &quot;Biaxin XL&quot; 500mg x2 per day. Taking it with my morning meals I started feeling better after 2 days. The cough and 100 deg temp stayed until day 4 I woke up soaked in sweat. Here I am 8 days later, I feel better but the cough still remains and I&#039;m hacking up clear thick liquid. I have enough pills for 4 more days so I will write a re-review once it has taken its course. It most defiantly helped. I did not taste any metallic taste nor did I get diarrhea. I do get a loopy sensation about an hour after taking it witch lasts for approximately 10 hours. They also prescribed me a cough syrup and codeine."
"DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG! Point blank period it should be illegal! It gave me tendinitis only 4 after starting"
"I have been dealing with severe anxiety and depression for 16 years and it keeps getting worse and worse. I have no drive or ambition, lost my girl friend and job came to an end. It finally made me realize that I have to do something about this problem. I have been totally against medicines and have always disregarded mental illness but I now think it is mental illness that has put me in this terrible place. I have started taking Celexa 10 (20mg) days ago and am so excited to see the results. I have not noticed much response yet but I am generally less negative and have more excitement for things that I once loved."
"This medicine shouldn&#039;t even get a 1. Hopefully you were smart and read the reviews before taking because I didn&#039;t. First night I took it, I woke up in the morning and vomited three times. Continued to take it the following day (thought the vomiting was due to something I ate) and continued to vomit. I will never take again."
"Day one:  no side effects so far, and no cravings today.  Was easy to choose fresh fish and veggies for lunch with a high protein dinner.  Completely stuffed very quickly.  My expectations are very high as I&#039;m so hopeful.  I have PCOS so it&#039;s even tougher to lose weight.  Current weight:  193 5&#039;5&quot;. Will post in a week or month if I lose any weight."
"I have been taking Syronx to calm my cramping and bleeding on my period and I have not been pleased. I take my pill around 8:30 every night and since I have been taking it I have woken up each night with nausea, dizziness, and bloating. I am not too pleased."
"Took for several months with no improvement to the peripheral neuropathy.  In fact the symptoms have increased in severity.  It does make me drowsy which helps with insomnia, but I really need something to control the spreading numbness."
"I&#039;ve experienced RLS for over 20 years. After trying various techniques I finally resorted to medication. I started with 2.5 mg diazepam before bed time with good success. After some major back surgery, I could no longer use diazepam and was prescribed all Clonazepam 1mg before bed. After a few months due to excessive drowsiness I lowered to 0.5mg and was able to reduce the overall drowsiness factor and still able to control the RLS. If I have a bad night I will take another 0.5mg if needed. I&#039;ve tried Lyricia and Oxycodone with poor results. I have not had any addictive issues with any of my meds. As a side note, I&#039;ve also tried 420 with poor results."
"Brain rot. I have been on dilantin for over 40 years. Have just discovered dilantin is cause to numbness in legs, feet, balance and walking control. How so?&quot; It&#039;s called cerebellum atrophy.  Thats where your cerebellum shrinks (my case about 40%) 
It will get worse if I continue to take it, putting me in a wheel chair. Only one medicine does that to you- Dilantin. DO NOT TAKE IT. If you are on it, get off it (as I am about to do) It was also considered at one time the most toxic medicine out there. Look it up in PDR. Did it stop seizures? yes. Do I want to be a cripple and eventually have to be fed. No. Get off it."
"I have been on celexa for over 15 years, I can tell when I am not taking it. Its not supposed to make everything perfect just better then it was and it doesn&#039;t work for everyone. There is no perfect drug but this one had helped me focus much better.
also I have not noticed any side effects"
"This medication has been a miracle for me. After loading dose, by day 5 it was like a light switch was toggled. I&#039;ve been 95% better and feel normal again for first time in 15 years (I&#039;m 36). Nothing else worked and I was miserable with low quality of life. I still have to change my automatic way of thinking: scouting out nearest bathrooms, foregoing meals before social events, etc. I&#039;m gradually branching out from my safe foods list (very small by the time I started Humira). The only side effect had been more severe allergies than usual and a few headaches here and there. The shots are extremely painful for me, but 10-15 seconds of extreme discomfort for 15 Crohn&#039;s-free days seems like a very fair trade. So thankful for this medication."
"I took Tylenol PM for several years and then I started needing more help.  I was not able to go to sleep and stay asleep.  My doctor prescribed Sonata.  It is mostly wonderful.  My doctor prescribed 10 mg.  If I take 10 mg, I have terrible nightmares.  So I take 5 mg about an hour and a half before I go to bed.  It does not work immediately on me.  I also take 2 Tylenol PM tablets. Sonata helps me go to sleep and Tylenol PM helps me to stay asleep.  Even if I wake up in the middle of the night to go to the restroom, I usually don&#039;t have difficulty going back to sleep."
"I went to the gyno for the first time in April. I was not on BC but I was sexually active in a committed relationship. My German gyno with 50  years of experience recommended BC but I said I was not comfortable with it because of hormone things and other side effects I had heard of. She insisted and I caved. She told me to stop using condoms after the first two weeks of BC. I had never done that before. I read the BC prescription insert when I picked up the meds and decided it was safe to follow the doctor&#039;s advice. I TOOK EVERY PILL AROUND 7:00 EVERY DAY. Many won&#039;t believe me, but that doesn&#039;t matter because it&#039;s true. It is July. I am 6 weeks pregnant. Trust it if you want to, but mine isn&#039;t the only I got pregnant on Tri-Sprintec story."
"I was on Lyrica for 3 months and became suicidal for the first time in my life.  I quit taking it right away and after two weeks I was happy and back to normal.  It also made me skin burn all over like a sunburn.  It hurt to even have my clothes touch my skin.  "
"I have a combination of dry eyes and allergies. Started these drops on Jan 22, 2015 and have already felt some relief from that scratchy feeling in my eyes, especially my right one. Doc said I wouldn&#039;t notice an immediate difference, but I do feel much better. I&#039;m just appalled at the price of the drops (hence a 6 rating)."
"This medicine works better than any other allergy medication with decongestion that I have ever tried."
"Works well."
"Before Climara, my menopause symptoms were out of control, hot flashes and feeling moody. Climara changed my life and helped me enjoy it again without the hot flashes and weird symptoms that menopause was bringing on. Bye bye menopause."
"I have been on and off ambien for 6 years. Well I decided to try lunesta 3 mg. It gave me a nasty metallic taste for a whole day. I couldn&#039;t go to sleep. It was horrible."
"I have bad anxiety, the worst is the shortness of breath, I feel like I&#039;m going to pass out. When I take the Ativan it works and calms me. Works great."
"I am 7 years post gastric bypass had lost 90 lbs, had a baby and gained back 40lbs mostly because I was hungry all of the time.  I should have talked to my surgeon sooner.  My daughter is now 4 and I just talked to him last week.  He said it is common and in his experience qsymia works well because it stops the hunger and allows the surgical tool to work again.  Okay.. worth a shot, even at the cost. I was 194 last Tuesday. It is Monday and I am 188. I&#039;d say it works pretty damn well. I have not been hungry at all  I have had some strange side effects. Day 2 was the worst with some confusion and fatigue but it passed soon enough. Today I have some tingling in my face that I am really hoping is related to waxing and not the drug."
"This drug is terrible.  I am a 13 year old girl and I was put on Guanfacine to treat ADHD (combined).  I started on 1MG and for the first 3 weeks it was great and then all of a sudden, I started to lose energy at 3:00pm.  I would miss out on softball practice because I was so tired.  To fix this, they decided to put me on 2MG.  It worked for a week but then I became really irritable.  Then, I would start getting extremely tired in the afternoon and it was worse than before.  I have schizophrenia as well, so of course I start having hallucinations."
"Was first prescribed this on my discharge from the hospital with pneumonia. Had me feeling great within a few days. Just had it prescribed again to clear up an ear infection and a little bit of a chest infection starting. Same thing, cleared up in days. Only down side is the metallic taste in the mouth. Some people suggest taking it at night to avoid that but sometimes I will wake up because of how awful it is. I also always make sure to take with yogurt to help ease my stomach."
"I was pleasantly surprised with how easy Suprep was to get down. Taste was not great, but when compared to the gallon of  slimy, salty, and nauseating Nulytely I had to ingest with my last prep years ago, Suprep was a piece of cake! I did mix a splash of ginger ale with the prep mixture along with a light sprinkle of Crystal Light peach mango crystals. I also sliced up a lemon and sucked on those between every 4 or 5 swallows. After mixing the prep solution, I divided it into 3 cups. I chugged the contents in each cup, sucking on a lemon slice between each cup. I was able to get both preps down in less than 5 minutes each, and the 2 bottles of water afterwards with 10 minutes. No nausea or cramping. First prep worked in 40 min, 2nd in 20."
"Not as intense as Viagra, very pleasant come on, lasts longer than advertised. I like it a lot."
"This is horrible. I switch from another birth control to hopefully fix my arousal issues. I&#039;ve been on it for 2 months and my period 80% of the time. I&#039;ll have my period for 9 days then no period 3-4 days and then have my period for 9 days again. It&#039;s been aweful. I also have horrible cramps now and I never use to have them. Not to mention it&#039;s not helping with me and my partner having sex more because I&#039;m constantly riding the crimson wave"
"I have been on 0.5mg (2x daily) of the generic form of Xanax XR for about 5 months. I still get anxiety building up in my chest here and there, but have had no side effects or panic attacks since I started. I&#039;m a little worried about getting off of it eventually though. For now though, it is a miracle medicine. Now if only I could find the same kind of medicine for my depression!"
"Couldn&#039;t  breathe  for months upon the least exertion. Extreme  fatigue once the doctors figured out I was anemic due to chronic renal disease and started me on Aranesp I  have felt much, much better. The only drawback  for me was headache for a couple of days."
"Yesterday, my dental hygienist asked me how I got my skin so clear. I almost cried because no one has ever complimented me on my skin before. My skin was the source of a great deal of unhappiness, anxiety, and stress in my life prior to Accutane. Thank you, Accutane, for giving me back my confidence and life.

As for side effects: very minimal. No changes in mood. Biggest pain in the butt was iPledge and monthly tests. I&#039;m a very busy person, so finding the time to run out of work in the middle of the day was difficult. But so worth it. Don&#039;t focus on all the negative stories!! I wish I would have ignored the naysayers and gone on this drug years ago! Good luck :)"
"Today is day 7 taking it. Only lost one pound so far, but it might be giving me a little bit of extra energy. I am 60 so maybe it takes longer to take effect in post menopausal women, idk. I am 205 and 5&#039;5&quot; so hoping to lose 50 lbs. I will keep a positive attitude and hope it kicks in better soon."
"My experience with this medication has been absolutely horrible!! I have been taking it for 2 months, I have severe bloating, gas, and bad diarrhea. Can&#039;t even leave my home. My doctor told me to cut back to one pill every other day, and its like it has completely stopped working I have bad pain and nothing coming out! I have had ins-c for 14 years, and I just wish they could come up with something that works and that&#039;s not so harsh on your bowels! It&#039;s absolutely terrible!!!"
"This prescription had the opposite effect. It did not help me sleep at all, but made me want to climb the walls. Wasted $44. After insurance payment"
"I have DDD. Fibromalgia...chronic pain issues. Pinched nerve In lower back ,fushion in neck with nerve damage issues... I am taking belbuca 300 MCG 2 times a day and for the first time in years I have my pain under control with the only side effect constipation ( which can be remedied)  I love belbuca and yes I&#039;ve tried a bunch of other medication s....it works great for me!"
"I&#039;ve just started my second pack and I love it. I don&#039;t get my period and my cramps are gone along with my acne. I&#039;m loving this pill. I&#039;m so happy I found a pill that is right for me!"
"This is my first prep....luckily my doctor told me to mix my Suprep with berry flavored Propel.  It wasnt great. ..but also wasnt like some of the comments on here.  I got it down in just a minute or so...then had the other 2 glasses of water down in about 45 minutes.  1 more bottle to go...but...so far, so good."
"Great pain relief ...but was like intestinal cement for me. Was continually constipated. Nothing helped this...enemas, 
Miralax, Exlax. Was horrible."
"I received the implanon June 2, 2015 and two weeks later I started bleeding consistently, every day. The bleeding didn&#039;t stop until mid March 2016, after being prescribed birth control pills, in addition to the implanon. It sucked. Felt like I was permanently  wearing a maxi pad for life.  I&#039;m still in the works of trying to get to get it removed. The implanon sucks."
"My 8-year old son has been on various stimulants, in addition to regular clonidine, Intuniv, Risperdal, Seroquel, Strattera and Abilify.

My son is extremely impulsive and aggressive to our family on a daily basis, and I had been thinking that nothing would help our son. Our new psychiatrist recommended Kapvay and we were very skeptical, as our son was irritable and even more aggressive regular clonidine with Kapvay, there has been a SIGNIFICANT decrease in our son&#039;s aggressiveness.  He is still very obsessive, rude and defiant verbally.  So physically, we rate Kapvay a TEN in decreasing aggression.  But only rated it a seven due to other factors.  It is the ONLY medicine that has helped physical aggression for our son."
"If you take probiotics a couple of times daily between the azithromycin dose, I don&#039;t have any digestive issues, stomach ache, diarrhea, etc. Takes a couple days to start kicking in."
"I had a UTI right after the holidays, I thought too much sugar maybe was contributor. I was given Nitrofurantoin which is Macrobid is what they told me . I was supposed to take it for 3 days at  1 tablet twice a day. I brought it home , and I was scared to take it because I hate antibiotics, I took it for two days, the third day my husband rushed me to the Emergency Dept, I got checked for everything The ER doctor said, that my dizziness, vomiting , fatigue,  eye pain. really  swollen  nodes, light sensitivity, and  killer migraine were a side effects of this medicine! I was sick for five days after  praying that I wouldn&#039;t  die...when I read it can make you go blind suddenly, that was it. NO   MDs for me , I only go to Chinese med./naturopathic doc end of story."
"Mild depression, fatigue, memory and concentration side effect - but so far so good!  I just started taking Savella, on week two and I can notice a difference already. I had been taking Ritalin for years for my ADD and was on some anxiety and depression medicines, and after getting off of them all, I crashed and felt so tired and mentally out of it. On the depression medicines I felt either stupid or edgy so I went off all of them wanting to get back on Ritalin for the concentration.  My doctor tells me that Ritalin will actually make you depressed when you stop the medication and can take up to two years to repair the damage. He put me on Savella for the brain fog and the fatigue. I was so tired that I couldn&#039;t get out of bed, and I felt alive again. So far, it is an amazing drug.  Very pleased with no side effects."
"I&#039;m a 40 year old female, mother of two. I&#039;m being newly treated for depression. I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq for 5 days. I noticed an incredible difference within 30 minutes of my first dosage.(I know it seems hard to believe) The heaviness between my eyes subsided, and I felt at ease. I am loving my new attitude towards all and everything. I have noticed some side effects, a sore jaw from clenching, and a lack of appetite. I can live with the sore teeth and jaw as long as that is the worst of the side effects and a bit of weight loss would be great. I notice I&#039;m waking up happier and bright eyed, instead of miserable and heavy feeling. So far, I&#039;m loving Pristiq."
"My dentist prescribed the Clindamycine, 300 mg for treating an infection of the gum, prior root canal procedure later in one week. After taking it for 2 days, I noticed heavy rash on both legs. I immediately stop the use of the Clindamycine. I had very bad diarrhea for 3 weeks. Within 24 hours after Endodontics complete a root canal on me, I got huge swelling in the left knee. I had to go to ER due to swelling and pain. The doctor pulled 90 ml of fluid from my knee and tested for bacterial infection and got  a negative result. I took Naproxine for swelling. The swelling of the left knee went down but right knee and other joints continue swelling for month. My blood was tested for RA arthritis with negative result. Not recommended it."
"Pain Dr gave this to my son that lives in chronic severe pain for a year then his insurance changed and He couldn&#039;t afford $600 a month . He always told me, Dad, this stuff doesn&#039;t help with pain at all and when he gradually ran out he DID NOT HAVE Any WITHDRAWALS from not having it! If it had worked he certainly would be missing it!"
"I&#039;ve always been on the pill when I had my eldest then I went on the depo after I had my youngest who is 3 years old, I came off it September 2014 to try for another baby and had my period January 2015 and conceived my son (my last baby) in March 2015 and then I was put on the mini pill. When I had him and I was bleeding everyday that I&#039;ve been on the pill so I decided to finish it and wanted to go back on the depo.  I&#039;ve had the depo 2 weeks now and I&#039;ve only bled twice since been on it so its not an issue, it all varies with different people and not everyone has bleeding but for me its perfectly fine."
"So many of these reviews scared me immensely and caused a lot of anxiety leading up to my Skyla appointment. Take them with a grain of salt. This process was nothing like I expected, it was barely more than a PAP. I am 22 and was on the pill since 16. I&#039;m fairly petite (5&#039;3) and very active and athletic. My doctor prescribed me Valium and told me to take one pill along with four ibuprofen one hour before my appointment. Once I arrived he took me right in and the whole thing was done in literally one minute. I didn&#039;t even know he had finished the whole process - I felt pressure and discomfort, but NOTHING like the horror stories I had read. I had some mild cramps for about 5-6 hours after, and then totally normal like nothing happened."
"Suffered from angina on excersion. Have had now 6 cath, 7 stents and a bypass. Started on 500 mg twice a day. I was increased to 1000 mg twice a day, by the 4th day I was so sick. Dizzy, confused, high blood pressure ended up in the hospital.  Went back on 500 because I thought it was the ranexa. After another check up my doctor told me he was sure it wasn&#039;t the 1000 mg dose so I increased it , four days in and wham felt horrible. Went back to 500 and felt alright and didn&#039;t need my nitro. But then I got blocked up and had my seventh stent. No angina now and I came of the ranexa."
"I have been on a methadone for 3  years now and I can honestly say it has saved my life. If there is side effects to it, I haven&#039;t seen them or they do not matter because I&#039;m alive rather than dead and I&#039;m fortunate for that, rest is minor in comparison. Everyone is different but the main thing is being alive and free of drugs so that I &#039;can&#039; have a choice. Thank you methadone for giving me a 2nd chance!!"
"Love it! It eliminated my periods for 3 months and I clocked in regularly every 3 months, something that never happened in my life. I would have stayed on it if it wasn&#039;t that I needed a pill with estrogens. I had no side effect at all."
"I found this medication very good for my bipolar depressive episodes. No side effects, and as I take it continuously it helps prevent recurrences of my down cycle."
"I&#039;m 18 and I never had bad acne when I was younger. Then when I was 16 started on birth control. My hormones went crazy and I started breaking out everywhere. I went to my dermatologists and she recommended Aczone along with using Cetaphil face wash twice a day. I started seeing results after a couple of days. It did take time to see full results. After 2 1/2 months I had beautiful clear skin, which is something I hadn&#039;t seen in a long time. I suggest you have patience with this product. I know I did and I am very pleased with the results."
"Literal life saver. I have heart issues, so birth control doesn&#039;t work well for me as it causes arrhythmia and palpitations. It took me years to get a doc to give me something other than birth control. When I started provera, I had 10mm of lining built up in my uterus and obgyn said it was a matter of time before I got cancer had I kept going without periods.
Now, sometimes my periods come on their own. When they don&#039;t, I take provera for a few days and it seems to kick start things again. 
Worst side effect is if I take the first dosage they had me started out with for the 10 days, around day 5 I start getting horrific nightmares. Lowered the dose and days taken and it still works minus the nightmares. No problems with my heart or bp."
"Works great for me. Only apply once per day because it is expensive and not covered by insurance. I am very light skined with light hair, but a few patches of ugly dark facial hair - chin, neck, etc. Need to pluck a few every now and then, but for the most part a huge difference. Maybe my imagination, but also notice my skin is tighter. I&#039;ll like it."
"I tried this after Risperidone (which gave me dyskensia) and Seroquel. It works and makes me tired (when I was a teenager I used it as a sleeping pill). Lots of weight gain though."
"I have read negative reviews about the pill and it made me afraid to try it. Now I&#039;ve come here and read negative reviews about the shot that I had a pretty good experience with. The pros for me was the shot stopped my period for years and I loved it. I only had to take it every three months. I don&#039;t recall having any mood swings. The cons were the weight I gained. I was always at 120 since junior high school. But about six months after being on the shot when I was about 24 years old I picked up a ton of weight.  I went from 120 to 160 in two years of being on it. when I stopped taking the shot, the transition was painful but I lost weight. I want to try the pills to avoid weight gain."
"I was on this medication for about a year and never felt like it ever did anything other than make me irritable and kill my sex drive. It was extremely hard to wean off the 75mg dose which is a comparatively low dose. All up it took me about 6 months to come off it completely and the withdrawal effects after missing a dose would begin within just a few hours (brain zaps, twitchy etc). What I&#039;m amazed about is the fact the doctor who put me on it initially didn&#039;t tell me any of the side effects and didn&#039;t warn me how hard it was to come off. I realise it probably works for some people but as a dispensary tech I see people coming in who are taking 300mg of this stuff a day. I shudder to think how hard it will be for them to stop this drug."
"Still coughing after taking Tessalon Perles for 2 days.  They&#039;ve done absolutely nothing to help with my cough.  I&#039;m going back to OTC Robitussin.  Pharm tech said most insurances do not cover this medication.  Mine was no exception.  It&#039;s a lot of $ for a product that doesn&#039;t work."
"I have had both depression and pain for the past 20 years.  After having some rather intensive back surgery 18 months ago, I decided to switch to Cymbalta instead of the Prozac that I&#039;d been taking for many years to see if it would aid in the pain.  My initial result was hot sweats, but no other help.  I missed a day while I was on 60 mg and had vertigo and an electric twinging in my brain that actually made my vision jerk.  It went away about an hour after I took my Cymbalta.  This has since recurred every time I try to wean.  I cannot get down past 30 mg."
"Didn&#039;t help with pain and I  am  still tired But made me more talkative. I am not going to spend anymore money on it my insurance won&#039;t cover it  Not worth it."
"Took these for a few weeks leading up to an exam with no thought that they&#039;d help with my depression. Having suffered from chronic depression since early adolescence which was not at all helped by the numerous anti-depressants I&#039;ve tried over the years these pills were a blessing. It&#039;s the first time I&#039;d felt like myself in years; I had energy, drive, my thinking became more positive and it was like this crushing weight was taken off from me and I could actually enjoy life again. Really hope this medication becomes licensed for use in treating depression in the UK, could potentially improve countless lives."
"I used to be on trazadone, Ambien, and Ambien CR. I enjoyed both Ambiens because I did get a lot of the sleep that I have missed out, but I did feel groggy when I woke up and still tired. When Ambien CR started to not work as well, I would ride a bike and end up in someone else&#039;s lawn. My body got so used to all of them that they now after 1 year of not taking them, still treats my body as if I am &quot;high&quot;. Everyone&#039;s experience is different."
"Been suffering hirsutism since I was 17, course, dark hairs on my neck, chin, and up the sides of my face, its got worse as the years have went on I&#039;m now 25 and couldn&#039;t cope any longer, I kept this to myself and it drained the life out of me, I didn&#039;t go out, I suffered depression I had to shave twice a day depending on what I had to do on that day, if I wasn&#039;t at work I wouldn&#039;t shave and stayed at home because shaving every day was ruining my face with so many rashes, i finally got the courage to visit my gp and she prescribed me this, I&#039;ve been using this cream for 4 weeks and I&#039;m already seeing an improvement, don&#039;t suffer ladies, get vaniqa!!"
"I had a mild UTI that I was trying to treat naturally, but it didn&#039;t go away. So, I was forced to try an antibiotic. I was prescribed Cipro for 5 days. I had no side effects at all and felt 100% by day 3. I continued taking them through the 5th day even though all symptoms were already gone."
"Taking up to 800mg Ibuprofen for persistent sciatica. It is more effective than Tylenol with codeine which didn&#039;t help - relief lasting about 1 hour. "
"I got my Mirena placed about two weeks ago now. Previously I had been on Sprintec for 2 years, and NuvaRing for about the last two months before my Mirena placement. My reason for switching from Sprintec was that I would no longer be on a schedule where I could take a pill at the same time every day. NuvaRing was awful and caused me to bleed for a month straight, so I decided to try Mirena. 

The insertion was definitely painful, there&#039;s no denying that. But, the pain lasted maybe 10 seconds at the most. By the way, I have never had children.. I had pretty bad cramping for the first day after insertion. I stopped bleeding about 3-4 days after insertion (after a month of bleeding from NuvaRing!) and feel great now! Acne is getting better too"
"Tenex is great for ADHD and sleeping disorders in kids. My nephew did great on this medicine. We had tried everything and nothing worked. This is amazing."
"Withoug Zoloft I would probably be dead or killed.  I have been taking Zoloft for 19 years.  Since my daughter was born the doctors have tried to take me off, but the depression started again.  I did counseling and reduced the dose, but to be completely off makes me mean.  I snap at people, easily irritated, road rage, body feels like it will explode with anxiety.  It has never effected my sex drive.  No weight gain can be blamed on Zoloft, probably feeling more sociable and going out to eat has caused a little weight gain. No headaches. Thanks for reading and I hope I helped.  "
"Broke my hand - t3 had 0 effect on me.
Had 3 wisdom teeth taken out - guess what? still no effect.

Don&#039;t waste your time."
"I witnessed a friend get amazing results from this so I thought I&#039;d give it a try. I started at 199lbs and a month later I am at 181lbs. So lost a total of 18 lbs...not too bad. I haven&#039;t had any side effects. Maybe a few headaches when I first started taking the pill but nothing too bad. 
My appetite has definitely decreased. Normally, I am hungry all the time and never feel satisfied but now I eat a little bit of my meal and I&#039;m pretty much full. I have also lost cravings for chocolate and sweets which is nice. I drink more water than I used to because I often get dry mouth. But now, I&#039;m finding it harder to see the numbers drop on the scale. I go to the gym almost everyday for about 1 1/2 hours. Hopefully, the numbers will start dropping again!"
"This medicine changed my life.  I call it my miracle drug.  If it weren&#039;t for this drug I would never have made it back to the person I used to be before the diagnosis.  I&#039;m only 19 years old but it&#039;s made such a huge impact on my life during the 4 years I have been taking it. I don&#039;t have to worry anymore if I will ever be like I was before.  This drug works and without it who knows where I&#039;d be today."
"Tried it for a few days - just the one in AM. Nausea. Gas from the sulfur pits of hell.  The runs. Stomach pain. Jittery. sleepless. Of course I am not eating much. But. no. Just. No."
"I chose Mirena after having my fourth child. I was spotting lightly for 6 weeks and almost wanted to take it out, but I waited and the spotting passed. I had that Mirena for a full five years and only had two periods on it. I removed the Mirena and waited for three months to have it replaced. The insertion was just a tiny pinch, no pain really and lasted about 30 seconds. I had some very light spotting, this second time around, maybe a drop of blood during the first day and no bleeding afterwards to my surprise since. My doctor suggested I will probably not have any periods again. I highly recommend this wonder product. It is a miracle product. I never had any side affects from it."
"I&#039;ve had acne since I was twelve and in 8th grade I developed moderate cystic acne which progressively got worse, so my doctor put me on minocycline and it totally cleared up my skin! I stopped getting cysts and I occasionally got one or two small white heads around the time of my period. I experienced minimal side effects, mostly nausea but it went away when I switched to taking the medication before bed. I&#039;ve been off minocycline for about 6 months and since then been out on birth control, I noticed that the new meds break me out in cysts a lot more so I&#039;ve started back on minocycline for the second time and my face is already clearer despite being on it for only a week! I love this stuff!"
"My pressures were 65 at diagnosis and now 2 short years later my pressure is 13! This medication is easy to take and it very effective."
"My doctor gave me this for anxiety and depression. I took half of a 15mg pill as directed and slept for 16 hours and everytime I stood up I felt like I was going to pass out. I was unable to care for my daughter and had to have her grandma come take care of her till the side effects wore off later that evening. It was just a horrible drug for me but I know everyone is different so it may work well for someone else."
"Type 1a,   Probably contracted 25 years ago.      My liver panel was normal,  0-1 fibrosis with doc saying it was extremely mild at worse,  viral count at 500,000 at the beginning of Harvoni .

Viral count after two weeks was &lt; 20.   After four weeks,  &lt; twenty.
I&#039;ve had some fatigue and a couple of mild headaches,   More in the first week or two.    I certainly feel a bit more energized,  most of the time.    

Hope this clears,  I have 16 days to go on an eight week treatment."
"Started 2 weeks ago, love this, no more hot flashes. I was having 20-40 a day, they were terrible. It took a few days to get over feeling a little tired and dizziness but now I&#039;m fine. I&#039;m 57 and have suffered for several years with horrible hot flashes, insomnia and etc. I thank my new ob-gyn, the difference in me is amazing."
"Been taking Rytary for 5 months.  First was on 3 pills 3 times a day and did really well.  The last 2 months it has been 3 pills 4 times a day.  I have been feeling agitated, nervous, seeing things that are not there and thinking my home is the place I used to work.  I am afraid of hurting my wife and have terrible night dreams.  I feel I have no where to turn for help.  I only see a PA when I go to the doctor and she just gives me more medicine some of which has very serious side effects and has recommended DBS.  These symptoms are a daily occurrence and I hope it is not the drug."
"I have been on nexplanon for a little over half a year and it&#039;s awful! Ever since I got it in my arm my periods went from 7 days and regular to bleeding all the time and irregular. When I wake up in the morning my breasts are hard and they are sore all the time. I liked the fact that I didn&#039;t have to take a pill but this is so much more of an inconvenience. I feel like I have several of the side effects and cannot wait to get it removed. I wish I had read the reviews before..."
"I have now been on Pristiq for a month, by the way it takes that long for you to see a difference.  This is a good medicine. Calming, gives me a happy feeling upon waking. A general sense of well being.  I am BiPolar. Have Been on everything for the last 30 years. I kept going back to Prozac because it kept me skinny.  I do have to watch my weight with this drug but you won&#039;t gain if you don&#039;t increase your eating."
"I&#039;ve been a 1/2 pack a day smoker for 10years, I&#039;m now 27 and decided I was done with smoking! I&#039;m on day 4 of Chantix and today I&#039;ve felt no urge to NEED to smoke it really was out of habit this morning, so strange not having that feeling of the release when I would finally get a cigarette. I&#039;m sure I could have went without that 5:30am cig, it&#039;s 6hours later and I don&#039;t have the NEED to have one. I am expericing nausea for a few hours after the AM dose but nothing that isn&#039;t tolerable. Also I have Aetna and it was completely covered, $0 out of pocket."
"This was painful

2 minutes after inserting the cream I was in burning fiery itchy hell!  I was concerned that I was having a serious reaction to the cream, then after reading others experiences I realized that this is one of the side effects, the package says to take at bedtime, I took during the day... I can not see how anyone would be able to sleep with the intensified burning!  I too had to hold a washcloth to my crotch and cry."
"This pain reliever is not the best, but it helps sometimes. It helps me sleep at night. One thing I don&#039;t like about it is unlike some of the other pain relievers I&#039;ve taken, I built a tolerance to Ultram a lot quicker than to any other."
"It was given to my 91 yr. old mother 3 times a day for the nerve damage in her feet.  The medicine relieved her pain, but she became very lethargic.  There were days when she she was so out of it she could not sit 5 minutes without falling asleep. She had swelling in her knees, hand tremors and was not able to communicate properly.  Only after I read about the side effects did I realize her condition was possibly because of the neurotin. The Dr.  changed it from 3 times to 2 times a day and in a matter of 2 days my mother was back to herself and her foot problem was much better."
"I suffered from severe postpartum depression, anxiety, and OCD. More so horrifying intrusive thoughts that consumed my life, I literally wanted to give up. I was too scared to try a medication. I suffered from the time my baby was 6 months old to 18 months old. Finally I decided that Zoloft was my last hope. I started off at a low dose of 25mg and gradually increased it to 50, and finally 100mg. I can say I feel amazing. I don&#039;t ruminate on my obsessive thoughts anymore. Yes sometimes the thoughts still come into my head, but I am able to notice them as being an anxious thought and I don&#039;t spend hours days or months obsessing on them. They literally come in and go out, and I can function! I love zoloft! It saved my life!"
"Not sure if it&#039;s working either, following directions for how $$ it is. I use to do Electrolysis which didn&#039;t do much either;   she said not to pluck b/c it would reopen the now cauterized blood supply for the hair follicle; but idk if I should pluck for the $$ cream to get to the follicle? I also have to apply it to my &quot;happy trail&quot; and around my nipples my Doc said it&#039;s ok to use there. I&#039;m applying rubbing alcohol to clean it better?? ALSO I apply to my beard minus rub alcohol SO I have to be very sparingly w/it. I also tried for a rebate,  &gt;:[ , not fair, not covered by insurance..coupon ideas any one. Are there generics and do they work?"
"Over a 5 year period...  I started using regular Hydrocodone (Loratabs, Loracets, etc...)  and realized if I bought Oxycodone (Oxycontin) it would be cheaper because of how high my tolerance became in such a short period of time.

That did not work.  I was up to three 80 mg Oxycontin a day, and was not getting high.  It was taking that much for me to become &quot;normal.&quot;  I had nothing but a $300 a day habit.

Suboxone is the route I chose, and I have never looked back. Suboxone is a treatment plan that you follow and are tapered off the medicine, so you can be drug-free.  It has saved my life!  I recommend Suboxone to anyone.  My success stories are endless!  However, you MUST follow the treatment plan!"
"I got every side effect I think you could get.  I had blurred vision, dizziness, nausea, I got more anxiety, it was just awful. I was put on it for fibromyalgia and I had to stop taking it after 3 days due to the above side effects.  My Doctor is going to try me on something else in about a week, but even he doesn&#039;t appear to be hopeful.  If none of these work, it is back to pain management for me."
"Last year my oldest daughter who is now 9yrs old was diagnosed with ADD and the doctor put her on Aderrall but within a week took her off and right away put her on Vyvanse 30mg. It worked perfect for a while but now have to get her dosage raised because it wears off after only a few hours although the upside is that her grades have improved tremendously and now I also have an 8 yr old who was also diagnosed with ADHD and is also taking Vyvanse 30 mg and I&#039;ve noticed a real positive change in her concentration and her mood. I love it because she is also doing so much better in school."
"I have gotten an ocular migraine 5 times in my life. I haven&#039;t had one in 3 years but today out of the blue I got one and it was awful, it also had me vomitting and I took some ibuprofen but couldn&#039;t keep it down. My friend had left her goody powder at my house luckily and I decided to try to take that, it tastes awful but it worked in 30-45 minutes. Migraine gone."
"This drug saved my life. I never thought I&#039;d say that but due to a health issue I have had chronic tension headaches that have now disappeared! Oh and my depression and anxiety are gone on this. I&#039;m able to feel blissful. I&#039;m able to handle tough situations. I&#039;m able to live. Give it time to work cause it could make your life so much better."
"2 mths in now and I find it hard to put into words the difference Sertraline has made to my life.  I realised last night I actually felt happy - I can&#039;t remember the last time that thought went through my brain.  Obsessive negative thoughts just aren&#039;t there. I feel mostly calm and far far less anxious.  Enjoying life again for the first time in YEARS!"
"I&#039;ve been on lexapro for about 8 months now. It&#039;s been so good for me! I am 24 and female. I am no longer depressed. Before I first started, I was waking up every morning with suicidal thoughts. Now all of those thoughts are gone! I am so much more social! I can talk to anyone without anxiety, and I actually want to talk to people! I have more energy and have the urge to excercize and cook myself meals. These are things I wanted to do before but depression kept me in my bed feeling hopeless. There&#039;s hope! Depression is real. Don&#039;t feel weak for taking antidepressants. It can be the first step to getting out of bed and living your life how you want to live it!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin Fe for almost a year now. I really haven&#039;t had very many side effects with it.

The one thing that&#039;s been a major problem is inconsistency with my periods, which was a problem before I started taking birth control too. There have been months when I haven&#039;t had a period at all, and others when I&#039;ve had a period as well as breakthrough bleeding mid-month. I&#039;m switching to a pill with a little bit more estrogen in it to see if that will regulate my period better.

I haven&#039;t missed any pills, and I take them within two hours of one another everyday. I was initially really worried about nausea being an issue, so I take them at night - but I&#039;ve had no problems. I did have some breast tenderness for the first few months, but it&#039;s gone now."
"For about 8 months or so I had started to feel completely different than I had ever felt in life. Now at 53 years old, I don&#039;t expect to feel like 20 but I sure didn&#039;t want to feel dead either. No interest in things, no libido at all, depressed, moody and didn&#039;t care. I had no energy...none!

My first thought was it was thyroid related since I suffer from Hypothyroidism and just thought the meds needed to be changed.   My doctor and I discussed it, took the various blood tests etc.  The thyroid was fine but my testosterone levels had fallen almost 200 points since the previous test about a year ago.   So, my doc put me on a one month trial of Axiron and what a difference.  Numbers up 100   no more complaints!"
"I was diagnosed with Myasthenia Gravis. It had affected my left eye.  I lost control of the eyeball movement and the eyelid had to be manually opened.  I have been taking 2 grams of cellcept daily for six months.  I had an immediate positive response to the medication and the eye function improved 90% within a month.  In the following months eye improvement was slow with small incremental improvements.  Now the eyelid is working as expected.  The left eyeball is not following the right eye.  There are no sides effects."
"I have been on Jakafi now for 7 months.  I have had major weight gain (25lbs) and migraine headaches every day.  Before I started my counts were over a million and they are only down to 800,000.  So for me this isn&#039;t working.  The side effects and losing days to headaches are not worth taking it."
"Had the three shots back in the 90&#039;s and still walking on my leg with no more surgeries."
"Take 150 mg XR plus 12.5 of the regular strength for anxiety and sleep. Anything over 200 mg touches dopamine receptors therefore it ceases to be an SSRI/sleep aid and is best for bipolar or schizophrenia. One Pharmacologist wanted me to take much more. I did. I started hemorrhaging from my vagina until I cut all down to what I am taking now. Works well as a sleep aid and anxiolytic."
"Had beautiful results on a different once-weekly but insurance company decided I needed to be shaken around, I guess, and will only cover Bydureon. Not nice. But I&#039;m here looking for some encouragement that it will get better with time. Just started 3rd week and experiencing the following:
Spiking sugars around 300, Elevated morning sugars 180-200, Unearthly hunger - all day. Feeling low sugar symptoms (hunger, shakes, sweats, vision disturbances) but readings of 170-180, Weight gain.

No problems with injections or injection sites as I was told to expect. But the constant low sugar sensations is turning me into a recluse as I can&#039;t drive myself anywhere and I am very reluctant to go for walks or engage in any increased exercise."
"I am five hours post-insertion and I just feel crampy. 
During the insertion, I honestly hurt so bad. I think I hurt so bad because I was uncomfortable and I would not relax. 
After the insertion, I felt a really bad cramp in my abdominal region. It also made me feel like I had to pee really bad. I actually got up and I was not dizzy (yet... keep reading). So, I got up, cleaned myself up and I was actually bleeding a whole lot. But my doctor gave me a pad and some wipes. My legs were so weak after that. 
When I left, I instantly became dizzy and a little nauseated. But the cramps got worse and then when I was home, they weren&rsquo;t as bad. I also took an extremely hot bath. I&rsquo;m not bleeding right now but I am still crampy."
"Okay, I want to start off by clarifying that this med won&#039;t work for everyone. But when it does work, it is amazing. This drug has been a godsend. 

I have Lupus which has caused me to have horrible pains to where I can&#039;t sleep.
I now can sleep through the night because of this med. I was on 400 mg of methadone and I still had pain. So, the doctor added gabapentin and started to taper the methadone. I am now only on gabapentin and it is wonderful.

With that being, when you first start taking it, you will feel drink and clumsy. However, those side effects go a way.

This medication works best the longer you take it. Good Luck!"
"I don&#039;t know  how I feel about this medication just yet, as I have only taken it for about three months.  The first two months I was able to skip my period because I skipped the placebo week both months,  advice given to me by the OB/GYN who prescribed it.  I thought that was awesome. But on the third month, I started to have brown spotting every day, and the spotting became a full blown period  with the worst cramping I had ever experienced, even though I skipped placebo week and continued the full strength pills continuously.  My doctor did not prescribe this as a method of birth control, as I am in infertile. The doctor prescribed it as  hormone replacement. As far as acne, my skin has always been clear and I have not noted any changes.  I have noticed that I am hungrier more often but I am able to control how much I eat without too much of a problem. I get random cravings but I don&#039;t exaggerate and pig out either. I do feel bloated, I feel that my stomach looks bigger, and overall I feel fatter, however the number on the scale has not changed so I cannot say I have gained weight. Libido has definitely decreased, and natural lubrication is just out the window. As far as sex goes, I think about it and seek it a whole lot less, and find it harder to become aroused. I did notice that I became more sensitive to stupid things that never bothered me before, and I cry by myself almost every day about little things and then get over it quickly. I just don&#039;t know what kind of damage I may be causing in my relationship with my husband. I don&#039;t know how I feel about this pill, and I cannot say that it was successful because it prevented pregnancy because that&#039;s not the reason why am taking it in the first place. The first two months were great as I was able to skip my period but this period that develop has been the most annoying and painful one yet. I&#039;m considering asking my OB/GYN to explore other options if this doesn&#039;t go away in a few months."
"I just finished a 10 day dose for a severe ear infection. After the second dose I began to experience extreme anxiety attacks, sleepless nights, total confusion, and thought I was losing my mind. I have had Xanax prescribed to relieve the anxiety attacks and I am hopeful that the attacks will stop now that I&#039;m done with the Levaquin. "
"Beware, been on it for almost 3 yrs. Worked great on bladder but has so many side effects. Now my stomach doesn&#039;t work properly and I suffer from severe constipation and severe nausea. I finally decided i&#039;d rather be in diapers than go through what is happening.  These are just two of the side effects but it took me a long time to figure that Toviaz was the problem. Been off Toviaz for almost one week now and nausea is decreasing and I pray my gastroparesis will get better."
"Obviously everyone&#039;s experience will be different but my experience was very good. 

I thought the taste wasn&#039;t bad at all especially if its cold. I was able to drink the 16oz of mix and water and the following 2 16oz of water you need to drink within the hour. I didn&#039;t feel sick at all. 

I drank the 6 to 8oz of water every hour the day of having to start Suprep that was recommended to me and continued to drink water every hour throughout the night until I had to stop four hours before the colonoscopy. 

I followed the instructions given by the doctors and it worked for me. Everyone&#039;s experience is different but mine was good and would recommend this product."
"I have been on milnacipran (200mg) since they first started the study. First of all, the side-effects WILL go away. The pain never completely disappears, but is tolerable. I went from not being able to work at all, to managing a drug store and working 10 hour days. You still have to be careful and monitor what your body needs. Rest on a good bed (I use Temperpedic), heat (stay warm so you don&#039;t get stiff), take pain medication when needed, DO NOT let the pain run away from you. Force yourself to stay active. Do something everyday. And most of all, give the medication a chance. After 20 years, I am very grateful for this medication. I can hug my family more often than not and wouldn&#039;t give that up for anything."
"This medicine is a life saver."
"I have been taking these pills for the past two months. Usually I&#039;m a very rational person,  but after taking them I have extreme mood swings, and minor disagreements turn into week-long fights. I stopped taking them last night due to it almost ending my relationship. No pill should be able to cause such a drastic difference in personality. I also have irregular bleeding between periods, but hey at least I&#039;m not pregnant."
"I have only good things to say, just a little bad note about stopping. I started using birth control because of heavy and very painful menstrual cycles. I first was on the pill, and I was spotting almost every day for months. My Doctor suggested the ring, and things were great then after. I was on the ring for about a year and decided to stop. After birth control, I had finally become regular. About a year ago I decided to start birth control again because I was becoming more sexually active. I went immediately to the ring again, this time choosing to not have a period, and I love it! No periods or spotting."
"I tried temazapam for 3 days and got zero results.  I&#039;m lucky if I sleep 2 hrs a night.  So, the next night I took a 30 mg tablet, 2 shots of whiskey, 2 tablets of melatonin, smoked a little weed and I slept for 7 hrs.  Never felt better!"
"I was in 2 minds whether to change from the pill to the implant, I&#039;ve always been quite bad with missing pills and I don&#039;t plan on having children any time soon so I thought the implant would be a good option. There are so many bad reviews which put me off however, my doctor reassured me that everyone is different and suggested that I try Cerazette, which is a Progestogen-only pill and is similar to the implant. This way I could see how my body reacted to this form of contraception for 1 month but it would be easier to come off it if I didn&#039;t get on very well. After the month I was really happy with Cerazette so I had the implant fitted. A year on I haven&#039;t had 1 period and no side effects, I&#039;m so glad I went ahead and tried it."
"I&#039;ve been on Vyvanse for a year. I take 50mg now and I wouldn&#039;t say it&#039;s a miracle drug, but over the past year I have attended more classes and gotten more consistent grades in university. I definitely have to put in the effort to experience the benefits; it&#039;s not motivation/focus-in-a-pill for me! The side effects I&#039;ve experienced are increased anxiety, dry mouth, increased perfectionism, irritability, and some insomnia. Its impact on my mood varies. At first, my appetite decreased and I had terrible afternoon crashes, but they have levelled out over time. Overall, the pros outweigh the cons for me. I haven&#039;t tried anything except for Wellbutrin, which I still take. Not sure how they interact."
"This is the second time I have tried savella.  The first time after 3 weeks of suffering from sweats, intolerance to heat although the pain was better, I started having headaches and palpitations.  It did nothing for my brain fog.  It did however help with the pain.  Because I only have 1 kidney, pain meds are a problem for me.  I have RA, osteoarthritis and fibro.  I started back on savella at a 12.5mg dose 10 days ago but once again, the palpitations, the nausea and sweats have caused me to stop.  wish this could have worked for me."
"Ella worked with mild side effects. After being sexually active during my peak fertile time, I took Ella. I did not use any other method of birth control. I took anti-nausea pills (Meclizine, 50mg) along with Ella. Side effects were mild. A bit of nausea the night I took it, followed by some upset stomach and dizziness the following day. My period came and was normal, maybe a bit early. 

I would recommend Ella for anyone uncertain about their birth control method. Upon taking it, I would recommend staying in for the night and having healthy, light meals. "
"The positive effects of this drug were negated by the adverse side effects I experienced, which included about five episodes of urinary incontinence and slowed motor coordination (my speech and movement were noticeably delayed to the point that I was taken off Risperdal because of this).  I would recommend using this medicine to treat acute episodes as needed and not on a long-term basis."
"This medicine is a lifesaver! I have TMJ moderately severe, sinusitis frequently, and also am an anxious person. I had a headache for 3 days after working out strenuously at the gym (probably triggered my TMJ pain). I just took one dose (1 pill of Fioricet) and 20 minutes later, bingo! no headache! Even with jumping up and down, no headache! It&#039;s totally amazing and wonderful."
"This cream really works topical 0.05% I have used this since I was 25, I am now 45. I have used it everywhere I see red spots form. Scalp is a little difficult but does work your skin is clear again."
"I had an anaphylactic reaction. Within 30 sec of the drug being injected, my chest began to tighten and I could not feel my feet. The numbness continued to spread upward until I could feel nothing from my chest down with continuing increased chest pain and wheezing. They placed me in reverse trendelenburg position and called for a cardiologist. I became increasingly diaphoretic,increasing chest pressure, still unable to feel anything below my neck and I could not move my head. I received several IV pushes. It took them over 30 mins to stabilize me and return me to baseline- able to move all 4 limbs with normal vital signs. This occurred within a hospital setting, but they proceeded with the test anyway. I am asthmatic on meds."
"I have had severe depression  for about 1 year now. My psychiatrist and I have tried just about all SSRI&#039;s/anti-depressants (Prozac, Paxil, Effexor, Abilify, Deplin, Cymbalta). I started Pristiq ER about 4 months ago. WOW!I felt about 50% better in 3-4 weeks, than I had in several months. At my follow-up appointment I asked my Doctor to increase my dose and he did. I now take 100mg daily. Although my depression has plateaued, I&#039;m not AS depressed as I WAS. Suicidal thoughts, and worthlessness are a lot less. I also have very few side effects. I&#039;ve lost about 15lbs while on it. So if you are truly desperate I would recommend you try this one next."
"I had suffered restless legs syndrome periodically for many years. Then, suddenly, I was getting RLS every night.  The weird thing, to me, is that I also had the feelings in my arms, but certainly not as frequently as the legs.  After weeks of trying to reposition my legs, ignoring it (impossible!), I finally went to my doctor.  I took my first dose that night, and haven&#039;t had symptoms ever since. I read up on the long-term usage, and am a little concerned about it. I&#039;ll cross that bridge if and when I cross it."
"I had this in for three years and over the time I have gained 30 pounds and also experienced long periods, moodswings and headaches.I just had it removed today because I don&#039;t want the extra hormones I&#039;m thinking of getting my tubes tied because I&#039;m over the birth control."
"I&#039;m twenty-five-years old and still suffer from mild, cystic acne. I did my research as far as using a contraceptive to combat acne goes and found that using a monophasic pill (which keeps your hormone levels at an even keel throughout the month), such as Sprintec, can sometimes be the best choice for young women. I&#039;ve been on this birth control for about three months. It has cleared my skin like no other birth control pill I&#039;ve used before. Another positive side effect as a result of taking Sprintec has been my breasts. I&#039;ve gone up an entire cup size, with very little weight gain elsewhere. Cons: nausea. If I don&#039;t take the pill around the same time every day, and/or I take it on an empty stomach, this stuff makes me nauseous."
"With liletta I have been bleeding for 3 month s I am so so tire of bleeding"
"I&#039;m 18 years old and I started taking Yaz when I was 14 for the use of treating acne. It did not do much for my acne so I began taking Accutane. I stayed on Yaz because you need to be on 2 forms of birth control when taking Accutane. My acne went away, and then I got a boyfriend so I stayed on Yaz. I&#039;ve been using Yaz for over 4 years in all of my teen years and let me just say, this stuff is amazing for preventing pregnancy. The pills are a miracle. I didn&#039;t really gain weight on this product, I developed breasts rapidly! I&#039;ve never taken any other types of birth control, but I give YAZ five stars. Good luck!"
"This med works better than other pain meds. Knee pain was so bad from implants I was considering getting back on my crutches. No crutches needed and gained back a little energy."
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for 4 months and I love it! It has helped my cystic acne and I only had my period the first month.  No pills to remember and no side effects for me other than no more period. It&#039;s so nice not having a period! No weight gain issues either.  Very happy with this decision!!"
"I tried several generic drugs but they did not work nearly as well as Pentasa."
"I&#039;ve been taking Apri for a little over a year now. My breasts have grown almost 2 full cup sizes but I have not gained weight anywhere else. So I&#039;m ecstatic. No cramps, 5 day periods, no mood swings, not pregnant. I love this pill!"
"I have been on Errin for about a year now. I chose it because I had just had a baby and wanted to be able to breastfeed. I&#039;ve had a great experience with it. No moodiness or weight gain. I&#039;ve been on other birth control pills that were combo ones and those I could tell changed me emotionally but I haven&#039;t had a problem with this one. I can&#039;t relate to others who have mentioned having a period for 3 weeks straight because my period didn&#039;t come back for about 9 months after having my son. But now I seem to have a period every other month and it&#039;s only about 3-4 days max and not too heavy. I would recommend it to anyone especially if you are sensitive to meds or just had a baby and want to nurse."
"I wanted to do an updated review on this medication. I am in my 9th month of taking it, and, before Obama Care I ran out a few times, and the effects were very noticeable. Even though it is not supposed to have classic SSRI withdrawal symptoms, I still had severe brain zaps. I have my script filled and I am back on it. I am such a better worker, listener and planner on this medication. I am a better version of myself. Love it! I take 40mg a day, 60mg was too much.  I am 160lbs tall female 34 yo."
"Yaz has by far been the best contraceptive pill for me. I&#039;ve tried over 10 different pills and its the only one which didn&#039;t give me tender breasts and weight gain. It wasn&#039;t however strong enough to prevent my lung endometriosis, but can highly recommend it for other reasons. Also great for your complexion."
"I have been taking Belviq for 3 weeks and have lost 3 lbs so far. No headaches but I get the chills and my body is very achy, I feel like I have the flu. I crave everything! I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve eaten this much in years! I am also very tired, I want to take a nap all day! I will finish the bottle but for $83, I need to see more results."
"This was the worse,  made the worse choice in trying this new pill,  in one month I did the change slowly,   I have bad headaches, I can&#039;t sleep, I have the worse taste in my mouth, ringing in my ears, very moody and crying all the time.  We don&#039;t smoke  and all I smell no matter where I go is old ashtrays.  Never again  so back on my lexapro.  Don&#039;t try this  its not worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on citalopram for about 4 years.  I recently went off for about a month and decided to go back on.  For me the withdrawal was not bad, what I noticed was a major increase in agitation.  I have started back on and remembering the wonderful effects of starting over.  Most of the bad effects end after a few days or so, the rest after a month or so.  I&#039;m back on day 3 and feel like crap, but I know it&#039;s almost over.  The main problem with anxiety meds is that you are giving them to people with anxiety.  The off feeling turns to worry, which leads to heart palpitations, and pretty soon you are on this site looking at reviews. I would/am going into this with the idea that the drug is totally safe but will make you feel like crap."
"I&#039;m 18 with no children and had Mirena inserted about 3 weeks ago. The procedure was pretty painful for me but it went quick and no tears so I got through that. I got right up and continued on the cramping, started instantly and was pretty intense, so I took something for it and called it a day early. I got the Mirena inserted for regulation of my period, and because I&#039;m leaving for college and am aware that my schedule will get hectic so I wanted new source of birth control (I&#039;ve been on the pill since 12/13 yrs old) . I haven&#039;t had any other symptoms besides cramping. I rarely cramped before so this cramping to me is intense. They usually aren&#039;t continuous cramps, in and out something like a spasm."
"Xanax is the one benzodiazepine that actually helps. I have gone through a loss from my fiance of 10 years, he passed in September 2009 and I got on Xanax and it helps me out a lot. It is the best."
"I am very happy with my Mirena, BESIDES the horrible acne.  I was on birth control pills to help take care of it.  Every time my body thinks I am going to get my period, I break out pretty bad. Insertion of the Mirena was very, very painful. I would highly suggest asking for something for the pain if you have not had kids, get bad cramps anyway and are planning on getting this placed.  I was so sore for the first few weeks.  Every once in while I will get random cramps on the one side where I always got really, really bad cramps.  But they are so minimal in comparison.  Was good choice!"
"I smoked sometimes 2 packs of cigarettes a day just depending on what I was doing or who I was around and I started smoking when I was 15yrs old and I quit 4yrs years ago in 2010 .I never thought I would ever be able to quit"
"I was diagnosed with Autoimmune Hepatitis in Nov of 2013. I was prescribed IMURAN as well as Prednisone. I was unable to take the IMURAN due to side effect of violent vomiting. I was prescribed Mercaptopurine and within 1 week became stable and have improved weekly. Seven months later,  I now take only the Mercaptopurine and my enzymes have stayed stabilized."
"I was on this birth control for roughly 2 years and after hoping it would get better, I decided to try a new pill. It made me very irritated out of nowhere sometimes, would make me very emotional around my MS and made me have absolutely NO sex drive. When I did have sex, it was extremely painful and unpleasant(it was not like this at all before).  I also started having face/back acne right after starting the pill. The only reason I give it a 3/10 is because of 2 years of use, it prevented pregnancy and I had very light periods."
"I had my gall bladder removed in 2011. I was planning my life around a restroom and it was affecting my social life. I would not go on trips, and did not want to go to anyone&#039;s house to eat for fear of an episode. Welchol has been a miracle for me. I only take them as I need them. Sometimes even 1 or 2 a week. It is very expensive, so I&#039;m glad I don&#039;t have to take them everyday."
"So I just went on this pill 2 weeks ago. I&#039;ve been on previfem until recently when my doctor decided I needed a non estrogen birth control for my migraines. With the old pill I&#039;d get my period for maybe 4 days always the same day around the same time. Since starting this I&#039;ve had my period for 2 weeks, it won&#039;t go away! I was out on the pill originally to control my non stop periods, well obviously it&#039;s not working so well. I have awful mood swings and terrible cramps and I&#039;m so bloated I don&#039;t even want to eat. My doctor told me to stick it out but I&#039;m going to a new doctor and I&#039;m stopping this medication immediately. It&#039;s just not worth feeling like a bloated raging hormonal monster, and it doesn&#039;t even regulate my periods."
"My experience with Implanon has been very positive! The insertion was painless and easy, I did not experience any bruising, just a small dot scar on my arm. It&#039;s been 2 months and I have not experienced any bleeding or mood swings. I have been on the pill for the last 4 years and not having to remember to take the pill at the same time every day has been so liberating. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for options in birth control!"
"It&#039;s very effective against pregnancy but the side effects have been horrible for me. I got it installed in June 2014 after having my baby. In August I noticed 2 patch&#039;s of my hair gone and severely thinned out in the front of my hair. I just thought this was due to postpartum hair loss which typically happens 3-4 months after you have a baby. However it is now January 27th 2015 and the hair loss has continued and now has spread to my entire front head around the edges. Also since I have had it, I have had no desire for sex. Nothing gets me aroused at all. My sex drive is nonexistent. I am going to get it removed soon because the side effects are unbearable. I am most upset by my hair loss."
"I have a torturoed colon and IBS and nothing worked for me. Been on Linzess for close to a year now and it makes me like a normal person!  It&#039;s a miracle drug. I have zero side effects and non of that sick stomach I used to always have either from laxatives or from needing to go. I feel like I have a new lease on life. I just hope it continues to work for me. The only downside is the cost. I have great insurance (federal BC/BS) and I still pay roughly $2 a day to be able to have regular, pain free, BMs. Totally worth it to me!"
"I&#039;m currently taking Prozac (Fluoxetine) for severe generalised anxiety disorder, social anxiety and panic attacks.  I only take 20mg a day and even though the first month left me with horrendous nausea and weight loss it subsided after about 25 days and now I find that my appetite as a whole has decreased slightly but the nausea has now subsided.

My anxiety has improved so much to the point that I&#039;m actually leaving the house for activities other than work and I&#039;m having conversations with people I&#039;d usually ignore because I&#039;d feel so self conscious. I&#039;ve actually had people (that don&#039;t know I suffer from anxiety or that I&#039;m taking Prozac (fluoxetine)) comment on how well I look recently and how happy I appear within myself."
"Strattera is a wonderful ADHD medication if you know how it works for you. For me it takes a solid 8 weeks before the full effect of the Medication kicks in to full potential. When it does. I have a superb memory through paying attention. My Dr. Increased it from 40mg when it worked well but not well enough. To 80mg. Then I had to restart the 8 weeks. Like the 40mg,  I started noticing a difference in 5 weeks. After 6th week it&#039;s a perfect mix. Superb focus that seems to get better week after week. I&#039;m glad I gave the Statterra a chance."
"I got Nexplanon inserted about 8 weeks after birth, the end of April. I&#039;m breastfeeding, so I had no period within those 8 weeks. The first week of insertion, I had no bleeding whatsoever. Had a minor headache shortly after insertion and had an ugly bruise for a while, but as far as side effects, that was it. The second week on it I started my period. I bled for about 7 days. After that, I was spotting lightly on and off for another week. Since then I have not had any bleeding. I was nervous about getting the implant based on bad reviews, but I&#039;m glad I did. Love it!"
"I&#039;m just starting the journey of the medication. I never wanted to be on meds cause I am a chef and did not want my taste buds affected. I have to say in one week I feel really hopeful, less irritable and focused and CLeAR. I can see my goals clear and am knocking things out one by one and not so stressed.  It&#039;s working as a anti depressant too. I&#039;m excited. I really am. I&#039;m reading that the journey has just began but I&#039;m going to see it though. Adderall is a mess and we use it for a buzz and to be high all night. I actually am done with those days and want to start to get my life on track. How is it with drinking? I don&#039;t drink much but since I began to be a working chef we have a ton of wine pairings. Would be nice to join in with clients"
"This is my first birth control experience, and so far it is good!
My weight and acne are exactly the same as ever. Periods (though now haywire schedule-wise, and I used to be extremely regular) are no longer awful! It&#039;s been 6ish weeks since the last one so my paranoid self took a pregnancy test, but it was negative. 
The only thing is, I think it&#039;s making me a little emotionally tender. I&#039;m a generally happy person, but recently I&#039;ve sent an untoward number of tearful texts to my bf, who says it&#039;s out of character. And some random sad afternoons have happened.
I also used to do that around my period anyway though, so...? If it keeps happening I might try a month off to see if it isn&#039;t school stress instead."
"Works fast limited side effects."
"HORRIBLE side effects!  Loose tooth, needed extraction.  Dentist found a healthy root, no problem with tooth.  Lumps formed in several places.  Rashes, shortness of breath.  Hoarseness, headaches, joint pain...many more complaints."
"I&#039;ve tried several different sleep medications for insomnia and while attempting to get used to the CPAP machine for sleep apnea. Ambien CR works great, I can get a full nights sleep, however go to bed within 1 hour of taking the medication or you will feel a bit drugged. I don&#039;t recommend taking every night, it is addictive (try not to take more than 3 nights in a row). It is more difficult to wean off from than regular Ambien. Overall, if needed this is a good medication if taken responsibly."
"its been 11 days since i started triumeq.....word of advice:..u MUST eat &amp; eat well with this med(3 square meals...) &amp; drink PLENTY of water!!!"
"I have had migraines since I have been a child. I am now 51. With my migraines, I have aura, face numb, arms and fingers tingling and processing becomes slow. This is only my second Frova because I usually just take Tylenol because I don&#039;t like the other medication side effects. When I got up this morning, had awful headache with nausea. I had tried Tylenol this morning and a fourth of a Phenergan... No relief. Finally, went and got the sample of Frova my doc gave me and with much anxiety, I took it. It has been roughly forty minutes, headache easing and seems to be gone. Really no side effects yet! Great pill for me."
"I chose Mirena because The Pill became too expensive to buy every month.  I was happy to find out my insurance paid for 100% of the costs!  I only cramped for about two weeks after, and those were very mild, but I don&#039;t have a history of cramps either.  I do not have a period anymore (which is great for saving $ on tampons!) although I do still have some symptoms of PMS each month.  The only downside I have to say about it is that because Mirena doesn&#039;t have the same hormones as The Pill, my acne isn&#039;t being regulated like it was before, but it&#039;s definitely not unmanageable."
"Had pain left side. Cat scan showed 6mm stone in ureter. Started Flomax twice daily and drank lots of water with lemon juice. Started Flomax on Monday night. Passed stone on Friday morning. No pain. Never needed Lortabs. I have had kidney stone surgery twice. To be able to pass a 6mm stone with no surgery and no pain is wonderful. $12 versus $30,000."
"I been taking tramadol every four months to get a break from Lortab.  Been on Lortab for about 8 years, I&#039;m not addicted to it because I can stop anytime without any detox issues.  I have 2 knee replacements,  rod in my right femor, lower back fusion. I&#039;m only 54 yrs old.  So I need these meds.  Tramadol doesn&#039;t take my chronic pain half away, but it allows me to move around."
"My daughter was finally diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive-type at age 16 after a lot of stress regarding high school academics and feeling &quot;dumb.&quot;  Concerta has been nothing short of a miracle for her.  She finally ended up on the 54mg dosage and does very well.  The only side effect she has had is loss of appetite which she now knows to eat a healthy/big breakfast before her medication in the morning. She then eats a normal dinner. She has occasionally had insomnia if she takes her medication later in the morning or if she has accidentally had caffeine.  Overall, she is in a good groove with this medication and her SAT score went from 1600 to 2000 after medication and a prep course; GPA from 3.3 to 3.9."
"I have suffered from vaginal/vulva pain since menopause started about 5 years ago. I&#039;ve been treated by various doctors for vulvodynia/interstitial cystitis but my current doctor suggested the Estring because I have obvious atrophy symptoms that could account for a lot of my symptoms. Sadly this product just made my vaginal/bladder issues worse - pressure, irritation and discharge. I waited 3 weeks but finally removed it myself. Hoping I&#039;ll start feeling better soon. I wasted $279 to feel even worse. They should consider a redesign with a softer and more comfortable ring and bioidentical estrogen to reduce health risks. I&#039;ve seen a lot of negative reactions online to this."
"My advice would be stick with just one tablet because even though the bottle says 1-3, no matter how bad you think you&#039;re constipation is, you do not want to take 3. After 24 hours I got cramps and finally got some relief but then experienced some bad diarrhea. (Note: I&#039;m 15)"
"I love this medication. I have had NO break through bleeding and pain in my ovaries has gone away!"
"I suffer from SAD and in the winter it sometimes felt like I could actually feel the darkness, especially on dreary days. I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for 3 years and it has worked great. I only feel a tinge of &quot;heaviness&quot; if it stays dreary for several days, but even then it is nothing like it used to be."
"I am taking cholestyramine to help control diarrhea caused by irritable bowel syndrome. It is extremely helpful. The only thing I don&#039;t like is the idea that it has started to stain my teeth and can eat away tooth enamel."
"Having started a business in a high stress field, I experienced episodes of stress and anxiety that interfered with my sleep, ability to concentrate and that began to manifest physically with chest pains, headaches, etc.

The first 10 days were a nightmare.  I had a terrible spike in my anxiety and stress levels.  I considered bailing on the medication and even my business, but my wife pressed me to continue.  After 10 days I started to see an improvement.  The anxiety improved and so did my mood.  By day 14 or so I was transformed.  I completely stopped having anxious thoughts.  My entire demeanor changed.  I am now like Teflon- stress does not stick around for more than a few minutes.  This medicine was a lifesaver and my business is great."
"One month on 5mg of Trintellix.  I was on Zoloft for 3 years and was a zombie.  It is like a veil has been lifted.  I have energy like I did when I was in my 20s.  I also can see I am clearly surrounded by critical condescending people.  I never was able to give much thought to their behavior while on zoloft.  I am experiencing a euphoric feeling that was absent prior to trintellix."
"Best medicine ever! I have taken Protonix for over 5 years now with no complaints other than when I run out and have to use over the counter meds that do not work. I usually take the Protonix 1st thing in the morning. It lasts all day. There have been times  I have forgotten to take it 1st thing in the morning however, no matter when I take it the pill still works within 15 minutes of being taken as if I had taken it in the morning."
"For years I felt terrible most days.  Tired, sleeping by 7pm. No energy, gained weight, was puffy/bloated all the time. I was diagnosed with Hashimoto&#039;s Disease 9 months ago. My doctor prescribed levothyroxine.  I still didn&#039;t feel like myself.  Still no energy, breaking out in sweats (especially at night), always felt bloated.  No relief from my symptoms.  The worst symptom of all was forgetfulness and brain fog.  After reading a page (Hypothyroid Mom) on facebook, I saw how many people had success with Armour Thyroid. She put me on 30mg twice daily.  Now I am hyperthyroid.  Hoping to get this under control soon.  I feel 100 times better on Armour.  And I&#039;ve lost a little bit of weight!"
"I have been taking Voltaren for severe back pain and it is just wonderful, no back pain at all."
"Yay! This is the miracle pill. I&#039;m not pregnant. Had sex at 12:45 comdom broke at one. 10:00 am that morning I took the Plan B One Step pill immediately. Five days later I started my cycle."
"I was on Levoxyl for 15 years and had terrible side effects of reflux, asthma symptoms.  The doctors had to put me on all kinds of asthma and GERD medications.  Turns out it was the Levoxyl causing all those symptoms. Been on Tirosint for about 2 years and now off all GERD and asthma medications.  My endo did not believe there was a correlation, I don&#039;t see her anymore.  I feel pretty good on Tirosint, my new endo just upped my dosage, so hopefully I&#039;ll start losing some of the weight I gained when old endo put me on a lower dose.  All in all, I&#039;d rather pay a higher price and feel better than have to deal with all the side effects from the Levoxyl."
"Does the job. Lowered my cholesterol to normal levels."
"36 year old male when I quit. Started when I was 14. I was smoking two packs a day. I would defiantly recommend this to anyone. Worst thing for me was the dreams.  Over two years without a cigarette and much happier. I took it for 6 weeks."
"I am currently TTC and my RE put me on Loestrine 24, I thought it was crazy at first to be put on birth control while TTC but it has worked wonders. I have lost weight and I feel great I dont understand why no one had thought to try this before. My only  negative is the breast tenderness OUCH I had a heating pad that I had to use for a week straight. In the end that is a small price to pay for how GREAT I feel and how much I have to gain. I would strongly urge everyone to try this and I hope it works for you."
"So far I&#039;ve noticed hair loss, which my doctor told me will eventually go away, headaches only in morning and before bed time, mood swings. I&#039;m normally very confident but I&#039;ve been depressed and my skin has been so itchy I can&#039;t stand it. Been on for almost 3 months now, itching is increasingly getting worse for me."
"What everyone needs to realize if that everyone&#039;s body is different n reacts different. You have to see what&#039;s best for you!!! You may react differently than the next person. I was on the shot for 8 months n gained 20 pounds and fell into a terrible depression. I&#039;ve switched and have been on the implant for 8 months now and have dropped 10 pounds! No depression! I&#039;m actual happy! No mood swings. I&#039;m very satisfied so far with the results. So my advice, find what fits you and your body. You may have to try a couple till you find a fit. But don&#039;t off of how other people&#039;s bodies reacted."
"Writing this in behalf of my Aunt Stella,  She is a healthy, robust 87 year old female.  She is active, rides her bicycle, prepares all of her own meals is on a strict Mediterranean Diet inspired by the Greek Islands, Chios, Koz and Lesbos.  

As is often the case she is plied by multiple physicians with as many pharmaceuticals as they can justify.  They most recent is  Edarbi.  She has gone from an active elder to a doped out Zombie. Definitely DO NOT  recommend.  Needless to say we have confiscated the drug and will report back in a few days with the outcome."
"I have tried everything I can read about to alleviate hot flashes. I&#039;m 47 and have had them for years but still have regular period so I can&#039;t try HRTs yet. Nothing over the counter has ever worked. What has worked for me (birth control, Effexor 37.5 &amp; Effexor 75) work for about a year and then the hot flashes come back as strong as ever, all day every day. I&#039;m scared to up my Effexor to 150. Right now, I am trying combination birth control and Effexor 75. It&#039;s been a week and no improvement yet.  But Effexor did work for me and I&#039;m thankful for the years it did. I had no side effects. It helped my anxiety too."
"I have found Suboxone to be my savior. Got me off the opiates both prescribed and street drugs in the opiate family."
"My sister had a stroke 5 yrs ago and has not been able to sleep since. I read about Silenor on the internet and got her doctor to prescribe it. She has now had her first good nights sleep in almost the last 5 yrs. "
"I have genetically inherited migraines from my parents. They have been diagnosed as cluster migraines. I currently receive botox every 3 months to prevent migraines. Imitrex is a God send. It works amazing wonders, but I have to take it as soon as I feel migraine coming on. I use the nasal spray, as does my daughter. I could not function without it. "
"Wow. I have tried every medication from 6mp methotrexate humira infliximab vedolizumab etc.  all failed in the end and my latest try vedolizumab didn&#039;t work at all.
I was in a flare for 8 months my Consultant said the only option left was to remove my colon.  I have never been in so much pain and weight loss.  Then I got a call from the hospital saying the drug company was willing to offer me ustekinumab. It&#039;s not licensed in the UK yet for crohns so I wasn&#039;t sure.
But omg within 9 days of treatment  I&#039;ve never felt so good .  I must admit in those 9 days when I never felt anything I thought it wasn&#039;t going to work then boom I woke up one day and felt amazing.   If you get offered this amazing drug just give it time and it will work wonders"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for a couple of months now and I haven&#039;t experienced any of these problems others are listing. I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m going to vomit, I don&#039;t have migraines, I don&#039;t feel dizzy nor have mood swings but my sex drive has slightly decreased. I have yet to gain weight and I think it&#039;s doing a pretty good job clearing up my skin. Also, my breast have gotten little bit bigger."
"I am a leukemia patient and after all the meds I&#039;ve been on and still are on sleep can be a challenge to say the least. I was originally put on 15 mg of Remeron at 
bedtime to help gain weight for Bone marrow transplantation  (BMT) but found it helpful for sleep as well. After taking it for 2 years it started not to work as well, so now I take 1mg Ativan and 15 mg Remeron for sleep. It takes about 2-3 hours to kick in but I sleep an average of 8-9 hours a night. Cup of coffee after breakfast and I&#039;m not groggy. Hope this somehow helps."
"With all benzodiazepines you tend to build a tolerance which is why it is only recommended for short term insomnia treatment or to be taken as needed. I do have to say that when used as needed this medicine hit me like a mac truck and I would sleep 8 hours plus. My anxiety and insomnia both much improved. No hallucinations or late night grazing like with those so called &quot;non-addictive&quot; &quot;non-narcotic&quot; sleep aids. Word of advice. Make sure you take if you can sleep for at least 8 hours and set multiple alarms."
"Although the spotting does suck , its 100% effective. I would recommend it to everyone. I still have normal mood swings, bloating and cramping , but nothing like what I&#039;ve read in some of the reviews. The only real side effect I&#039;ve gotten was a really bad headache and the spotting. 
Best Perk, I don&#039;t have to worry about getting pregnant for 3 years. Suck it up ladies and use it. I didn&#039;t get mine to reduce my periods, I got it cause I don&#039;t want kids."
"Tried warfarin and couldn&#039;t get inr levels right so lots of blood tests and doctors visits, then tried riveroxiban and was nauseous the whole time. Apixaban has been problem free since day one and I&#039;very nearly been taking it for 6 months now!"
"I&#039;m a 45 yr old male tried Zoloft, lexapro but this medicine has made a huge difference in my overall mental state. I never thought I was depressed but I had severe anxiety and panic attacks to the point of almost passing out. High stress job and various changes the last year but this medicine is wonderful. I notice the gas issue and stomach issues but nothing really that bad or intolerable. My thoughts raced a little at the beginning but I&#039;m 3 weeks in and honestly noticed feeling better within the 1st week. I still want sex everyday so its good in that department!"
"I have developed allergies in my 50&#039;s. We have three cats and I am especially sensitive to one of them and will sneeze and sneeze after petting her and my nose will run continuously. I now limit my time with her. Nasacort has stopped my nose from running. My side effects have been a little nausea and a feeling of hyperactivity. For me the hyperactivity is a plus as I am getting things done.
I still want to take this medication sparingly."
"I took this medicine for the first time last night   
 I had been using Seroquel but I had so many side effects that I had to stop using it. 
 Although it was the first night I used it I could only sleep for two hours at a time  after waking up several times I am finally wide-awake at 3:20 in the morning   
 I ended up taking klonapin  because I have a very busy day at work and I need my sleep 
 I was on 15 mg of restoril.   I will call my doctor this morning and see if she determines I need a higher dose"
"I have been taking Abilify for 10 yrs.I started when I was 16 yrsold after mental breakdown &amp;going to be 26 yrsold on Oct. I never went over 15 mg. I&#039;m currently taking 2.5 mg &amp; I find it quite effective. I did gain some weight 15lb at the beginning but your mental health is very important. If you want to keep healthy and not gain weight while taking Abilify just eat healthy and hit the gym. I&#039;m 5&#039;6, have a curvy/slim toned body and I take Abilify and I feel great with my body. I&#039;m 145lbs with muscle weight and I&#039;m quite happy, im planning on some abs, thus Abilify hasn&#039;t stopped me. It&#039;s all in your head. Honestly this medication works well for me &amp; I don&#039;t think its the major reason for weight gain. Always consult with your physiatrist"
"I was having heart issues of atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter along with my other medicines. I was giving this to calm me down, when I went into atrial fibrillation or having anxiety, palpitations. It has made life better for me. Before this started I thought I was having panic attacks."
"My platelet count went down to 15k; doctor prescribed this med. Took 10, 4mg, pills in the morning for 4 days then stopped. CBC Platelet count went up to 90k.  However for the 5 days that followed; I was in utter pain. Extreme abdominal pain, voice was hoarse, felt like my throat was on fire, headache and sensitivity to light, and the worse was the abdominal bloat. I couldn&#039;t move with it being laborious and having shortness of breath. Not a pill I would ever take again. A week later, CBC Platelets were back down to 15k. I can live with that."
"I tried this medication to help with PTSD symptoms.

This medication works great for me. The main reason why I took it is for rage and dissociation/disconnection from reality, although mainly for major aggression and rage.

Unfortunately I had to stop taking it shortly after starting because I feel unsafe on it.

I get extremely drowsy and it almost knocks me out although that&#039;s not that big of a deal it fades off after 2 hours or so, the main reason is my blood pressure skyrockets, I feel like the room starts spinning and I get dizzy, my face goes numb and I feel tingly and more numb everywhere generally and I get these like jolts inside my body while I try to sleep. When I try to sleep it feels like I&#039;m getting zapped with electricity."
"I love this birth control. I am 23 years old and have tried a total of 5 other birth controls in the past, Loestrin being the best. I am very sensitive to hormone changes, the first month I was a little moody and broke out a little. After that I had no symptoms and my face cleared up. I have now been on Loestrin 24 Fe for over a year and will never change to another birth control."
"I took 2 500mg pills at one time for a total of 1gram. I felt the effects of the pills within 10 minutes. I was like wow maybe I should eat something. So I ate a sandwich. After 30 minutes of talking the 2 pills I felt weird. Hot flashes, dry mouth and lips and stomach cramps and pain in my lower back. Also A burning sensation in my uterus and stomach area and dizziness. I layed down for almost an hour. I went to the bathroom twice with watery diarrhea that burns. Its now 2 hours later and I feel okay. Just get the feeling of bathroom urgency of diarrhea. So hopefully it&#039;s all worth it and took care of my issue."
"I too have used these patches for year, the white ones. They would stay on for hours and hours. Now the new beige thin ones won&#039;t stay on at all. Used one on my wrist, fell off after 45 min of constant pushing it down in place. Use a new one after that....lasted less than 30 min. They have lost a good customer with this &quot;on the cheap&quot; adhesive."
"My doctor gave me samples of Belsomra and it kept me awake all night long. I literally got no sleep on this medication. Horrible medicine, I would not recommend this to anyone! I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t spend money on this medicine!"
"I love Nuvaring! I have been on it for a year and a half and it&#039;s great. I was on Yaz before for 2 years then I switched because I had gained a lot of weight. Yaz helped with my acne..now I break out a lot but that&#039;s okay. I never had problems remembering to take my pill but I still cannot imagine myself going back. I love this birth control but I do agree that it is very expensive. Even with insurance I&#039;m still paying $40 a month for it..but hey its better than paying for a baby! I have had some concerns with my period. I missed it one month out of nowhere after having a normal period every month. Doc said it was normal to miss one. Overall, great birth control!"
"I started it because of bad periods. I liked it the first month because of no period. After about 2 months I went to the doctor and I had gained 40 pounds. The doctor told me it was my hormones getting leveled out. So I did another shot. Within 1 and 1/2 months I gained another 30. I had not changed my diet or anything. So I had gained over 60 pounds. I stopped the shot. It gas been 6 months since I have been off the shot and I have still not got a period and I am still trying to lose the weight. "
"I&#039;ve tried several over the counter Acne medications and washes, home made applications and NOTHING seemed to work. I saw a commercial on Differin Gel and literally told myself, &quot; sure, another acne med that claims to be effective &quot; I figured, I might as well give it try considering I was beginning to accept my terrible acne.
I saw results in a week or so and so did my family n friends. I am almost 2 months in and my face is practically clear, even the dark acne scars vanished. 
I highly recommend Differin Gel to Everyone that is suffering from mild to severe acne, I promise!! 
I always apply the gel after washing my face in the evening, applying the gel all over my face and jaw bone. 
Good luck!"
"I have nothing but good things to say about this product. I first started getting small pimples around my nose when I was 13 which then gradually turned in to more persistent moderate acne. I am currently 18 and have been on so many different topical products such as Differin, Dalacin T, Clindets and other topicals, which did nothing for my skin. My dermatologist was so hesitant to prescribe me oral antibiotics (which is understandable because of antibiotic resistance) and prescribed me birth control instead (Alesse 28). This caused my acne to worsen and I was not happy at all. Anyhow, I&#039;m off that now and on Doxy and tretinoin cream. I have had no side effects so far. Happy."
"Been on clonazepam for a while. It is not as effective for me as lorazepam since most of my anxiety is due to severe, treatment resistant OCD however it&#039;s still effective in reducing debilitating anxiety. It has a longer half life than lorazepam and xanax but it&#039;s slower to take affect. My doctor combines this with hydroxyzine for panic attacks and it works quite well. I recommend this benzodiazepine over other since xanax has an extremely high chance of dependency, and over lorazepam because its just recently been discovered that lorazepam can cause dementia."
"I took Bactrim 2x&#039;s a day for ten days (should have been 14 days). The first ten days, no problems at all. On the night of the tenth day I itched all night and woke up with a rash all over my body. Dr. said to stop taking the Bactrim. He gave me two doses of steriods (40mg a day for 2 days) and benedryl. I quit taking the Benedryl on day 3 because the rash had cleared up. The next day it began to spread again. I have been taking Benedrly for seven days now and when I dont take it my cheeks get very &quot;rosy&quot;. I would love to know how long this stuff stays in your system. Even the mfg. says you can have a reaction up to 2 months later. Thats really scary!"
"Have been on Keytruda since January 2017, have completed my first 12 weeks treatment.  Main side effect has been the fatigue.  After 12 weeks had PET scan, results came back that the melanoma has been stopped from spreading.  My melanoma had been vey aggressive, it was making new tumours within 10 days, so this treatment has been positive, as nothing new has come up in three months.

We will see what the next three months brings."
"I tried the other 2 erectile dysfunction medicines and just did not do the trick. I took Levitra and it solved the problem. I take it on an empty stomach and in about 30 minutes I set to go. I have also noticed that I last much longer which pleases my wife. "
"I have used implanon for 6 years. I will be getting my second one removed next month, and another one will be put in. I love this.  I don&#039;t get a period, I lose about 7 to 10 lbs. in the first couple of months after insertion,  and it doesn&#039;t hurt at all. The only con for me is towards the end of the 3 years, I get very emotional and depressed.  For about 3 months,  everything pisses me off, and /or makes me cry. Prior to implanon,  I have tries birth control pills, the patch, the ring, and the IUD. I was allergic to the patch,  cried constantly on the pills and the ring,  and experienced my first panic attack while getting the IUD put it. (IUD was awful)."
"Taste was NASTY NASTY. Insurance only covered half so it cost $60 out of pocket."
"My headaches are tension, rather than migraine.  However, the pain was just intense and debilitating.  I was missing work a couple times a month due to these headaches.  Dr. started my on this med and since then I have had only 2 severe headaches.  Dr. also told me that if I do still get one of them, this med would relieve the pain much faster and headache would go away faster."
"3 hours after my first dose of Augmentin 875 I started vomiting in addition to diarrhea. I thought I had a stomach flu. I waited 5-6 days to restart the antibiotic. Well 3 hours after that dose guess where I was, in the bathroom vomiting again for several hours! I will NEVER take this medicine again!!! I&#039;ve had Augmentin before but only experienced nausea. Not anymore! :("
"I have manic depression and anxiety. I was moved to 100mg quite soon after starting it. I got used to 50mg after a week or two. I haven&#039;t been suicidal much since the start. They have been really effective.  My side effects have been drowsiness. It used to help with my nightmares but not so much anymore. At first I was extremely thirsty now it&#039;s not as bad. I used to get lesions of dry skin everywhere which was so upsetting. But it&#039;s gone now. I had itchy skin. But overall its been helpful."
"Hi girls,
Here&#039;s a short on my experience! I&#039;ve never taken any kind of prescribed medication or pills anything like that, I was so scared. The first few months on Sprintec was HELL. Moody all the time, chocolate cravings, irregular (but very very light) periods, always crying or getting unreasonably angry over little things, bloated as hell (despite an extremely active and healthy eating lifestyle).

2mo later everything cleared up. I&#039;m back to my normal self. I am a little more sensitive to things, I may cry over something I haven&#039;t cried over before the pill. But everything has been just fine. My skin is so clear, I&#039;m happier, and most importantly I&#039;m not pregnant! Skin is clear, and I&#039;ve actually lost weight. Just never miss a pill!"
"Works very well for heavy bleeding during menstrual cycle."
"Quit using Zyban over 29 years ago. Quitting with Zyban was the easiest thing to do. Tried to quit by ALL of the other methods without success. All I did was follow the directions faithfully and changed my routing for the first morning only. I never looked back or had those ghost cravings. 
I found I was able to have the occasional cigar without issue.
TOTALLY recommend this method... Weaned myself off Zyban by just forgetting to take the meds more frequently as time went on."
"This birth control was completely effective for me when I was sexually active. However when I was not sexually active for my last two months of taking this pill my periods were more painful and barely bled at all. But while I was sexually active I barely had any acne, didn&#039;t gain any weight, and had no problems with my sex drive. I took this birth control for almost 2 years."
"I changed doctors yesterday because my doctor has gotten older and forgetful. My new Doc is 30ish and a woman. I have had sleeping problems most of my life. I am 56. Two years ago my insomnia got so bad I was going 4 and 5 nights with no sleep. Old Doc had me on as many as 4 sleep medicines at one time.  Finally I worked out by problem by taking 3 mg Melatonin about 8:00  taking a hot bath, laying in bed watching boring TV, 9:00 taking 3 Valerian root supplements, just as I was going to bed taking 1 1/2 mg Xanax and 2 Tylenol simply sleep. Worked great. Now, new Doc says she will not give me Xanax, said it causes short term memory loss. She said to take 1, 2 or three 50 mg trazadone. I did last night and laid in bed all night trying to sleep."
"I used this twice and worked each time. However I used clav recently for swelling in my chin and while it the clav is bringing down the swelling. The sinusitis is coming back! I think I will need to go on a dose of biaxin after this clav."
"Worked great and helped me sleep too."
"Gianvi works great to control my periods.  I used to only get a period sporadically, once every four months or so.  Gianvi regulates my period so I don&#039;t have to worry about it.  My breasts grew tremendously on this pill. My boyfriend obviously see this as a pro, but some of my clothes don&#039;t look as nice with these obnoxiously large breasts.  I did gain some weight, but only because this pill increased my appetite.  I still workout six days a week and do not feel sluggish.  Gianvi totally cleared my skin except for the occasional pimple.  My sex drive is the same.  Overall I would definitely recommend Gianvi as a birth control method."
"I have been taking this since I was about seven years old to fight off the migraines I was experiencing, almost daily, that would send me home from school. My doctor prescribed this to me, and almost 10 years later my migraines are practically gone. Now and again I&#039;ll feel the sensation of a headache coming on, and I still take it to fend them off. The only thing is it causes me to become drowsy, and often puts me to sleep sometimes. I&#039;ve learned to take it after my meals in the evenings because of this, so I&#039;ll wake up refreshed in the morning."
"This is my second insertion of Implanon. The first three years I had no side effects, other than some breast tenderness and the implant site was sore for a few days. I did not have weight gain, I actually lost some weight. I did not have a single period for the first two and a half years after the insertion. Then for the last six months I began to get one every month. I recently had my second Implanon put in a few months ago and have not had a period yet or any side effects. I love this method, my only complaint is that it is so expensive! Mine cost nearly $2,000.00 for the device and the insertion. I am in my thirties and have not had any children yet, so I like the fact that my fertility will return quickly after removal."
"My mother was diagnosed in 2007 and started Tarceva treatment in 2008.  At 150 mg dose, she had a lot of side affects.  At 100 mg she is doing excellent with no sign of growth.  She was a never smoker and had 4 months of Chemo and radiation before her surgery.  It seems as if that course of treatment in women responds well to Tarceva."
"Other prenatal vitamins made me sick to my stomach, this one does NOT. Such a relief and there aren&#039;t any funny after tastes either."
"I was using Crestor (brand name version) for 2 years, until my insurance changed and I started having to pick up the entire tab myself, which was $920 per 90 day supply. I then switched to Atorvastatin (Lipitor), which doesn&#039;t work quite as well, but at $30 per 90 days, is much more affordable.

Crestor was a miracle for me while my insurance was covering it. My numbers went from off-the-charts high to absolutely perfect within a few months. It was truly amazing, even without a change in diet.

Unlike some folks, I had zero side effects, thus my 10 rating, which is based solely on my own experience with the drug. I&#039;m age 57. Started taking Crestor after a major heart attack and quintuple bypass surgery. I just wish I could still afford it."
"Sick sick with flu, tamiflu added to illness, nausea &amp; vomiting, don&#039;t know if made flu last shorter, made me too nauseous to know, just ride out the virus, plan on being sick for a week, don&#039;t burden your body with meds that may make you sick"
"I started on this almost a year ago. I noticed from the beginning my mood changed. I felt mad and annoyed more. But other than that, this is great! My period is never a surprise, and I&#039;m not pregnant, so 10 stars."
"I&#039;ve taken 25 mg for five nights and found that it does help me sleep. Unfortunately, it can put me asleep for 12 hours, leaving me feeling groggy and unwilling to do much else for the rest of the day. I might use it on days when sleep is badly needed and I&#039;ve nothing to do the next day. Possible side effects for elders are serious and apply to me, so that also will limit my use. "
"I have had the Mirena since April 08 and have had every side effect.  I&#039;ve gained 15 pounds, bloated every day, moody, etc.  I will have to get it removed."
"It works like magic. I was suffering for 4 days. Once I applied the cream the pain was gone in 12 hrs."
"I have been on Cymbalta for about four months. My doctor switched me from Zoloft to Cymbalta after I continued to experience panic attacks. Fortunately, Cymbalta worked great! My panic attacks went away and my mood swings seemed to calm down. But, about a month ago I decided that I wanted to come off of Cymbalta because my husband and I are trying to get pregnant. That&#039;s when things went down hill. Instead of tapering off of the medicine (which is not what my doctor said I would have to do) I just stopped cold turkey. I began to experience severe headaches, insomnia, nausea, tingling in my hands and face, I also began to hallucinate and the worst part has been the brain zaps."
"Female, 5&#039;2, 115lbs. First Colonoscopy. 1st dose - pretty easy to drink down and yes, it takes like cherry cough syrup that has a bunch of salt added to it. I didn&#039;t cool the solution, as I just dumped it into the cup, added the cold water to it and made sure to breathe through my mouth in order not to taste the solution. It took me about 5 sips to drink the whole thing. 2nd dose - it was a lot harder to drink the second dose, as it seemed like it was much more saltier than the first batch. It took me about 10 sips to get this batch down. It took 45 minutes to start working. It took about 1.5 hours to stop. Once it starts and you start drinking the 2 16oz glasses of water, it tends to be non stop. Don&#039;t be fearful, it isn&#039;t that hard :-)"
"Within 2 hours of taking the medication, my brain lit up, it felt like I was high. I couldn&#039;t contain the energy, so I went for a run. By midway through the day I went to the park with my nephews, I took them on the swings. I thought I&#039;d go on with them, so I started swinging and it felt like I was going to die. The most terrible feeling of fear I have ever experienced. It felt like I was free falling. I had a total panic attack. At the end of it I freaked out and just needed to get home. Could barely drive or focus. By day two I started feeling terrible raw feeling in my stomach, fought the feeling of vomiting most of the day, exhausted detached. My brain would fluctuate between euphoria and complete inability to calculate or communicate."
"Welp! 5 years later and I didnt get pregnant so thats an A+ but the largest side effect has been my plummeted sex drive. About 6 months after having it implanted, the idea of sex was so....bleh. My poor husband has really taken a blow to his ego in the last few years. Our sex life has certaintly taken a hit. So much so that he has been researching vasectomies now that I need a new BC implanted. Other than that, it worked out."
"I was prescribed this drug for major depression and C-PTSD. I only took it for one week, 5mg. It was awful. I was exhausted all of the time, had trouble falling asleep and my sleep was disturbed by very vivid and bizarre dreams. I woke up every morning shaking, dizzy and disoriented. During the day my legs hurt so bad it made walking difficult. It made me so hungry, craving carbs, I gained 9lbs of belly fat in one week! It left me with zero motivation and unable to feel any joy, excitement, pleasure. I felt detached, empty, I felt dead. I stopped taking it and while i&#039;m still struggling with depression I do feel like me again, I feel alive and have lost all of the weight gained while taking it."
"Take this when taking a triptan for headache pain, this is to bring baseline pain level down a few notches if I was late taking my regular abortive it usually won&#039;t work unless I can get a control on the pain, Ultracet is mildly okay at this, just a trial for headache pain as I&#039;ve tried many others, but not too bad to have sometimes, can be somewhat effective."
"I understand how some people say it doesn&#039;t work, because for me it took a few days. I, at times, throughout my life get sick with a cough that makes me nearly insane!
Stick with it! By the second day I was experiencing very little coughing. It just seemed to just kick in and It&#039;s saved my sanity."
"I am currently working into my second month on this birth control, and it is my first time on birth control. The first couple of weeks were a struggle for me, I got terrible migraines and  nausea every time I took the pill (I even stopped for a week and the side effects subsided, so it was the pill)! However, the side effects are only present the first week or so. I&#039;ve never been prone to acne, but lately I&#039;ve been having bumps and things pop up on my face - nothing too major though in my opinion.
I also, have cramps - every day, but I think it&#039;s just because it&#039;s adjusting to not having a period during the month. ON THE BRIGHT SIDE, my sex drive has increased now and I even have more energy during the day. I&#039;m acually pleased despite the side effects."
"I&#039;m 51 yrs old. I&#039;m active and a regular at the gym (5&#039;9 210 lbs). Healthy non-smoker and social drinker only. I&#039;ve been single and have not dated in years after a bad divorce. I meet someone a few months back and, surprise! A shocker, ED reared its ugly head. My MD prescribed 5mg daily and  goodness gracious! I hear people are having (some) bad side effects, but our only issue is soreness ;)  I&#039;m loving my life now and we have only one thing to say: Fireworks all around, Thanks Lilly!!!"
"I have been taking Gilenya for almost a year and it&#039;s improved my quality of life because the side effects have been more tolerable because they have been far less frequent. I&#039;m not happy about my hair thinning or the risk of cardiology problems. But when weighing them against possible worsening of MS putting me in a wheelchair, it was an easy choice"
"I have severe chronic anxiety, panic attacks, agoraphobia, and insomnia. Ativan helps me with every single one of them. I&#039;ve had bad anxiety since i was 20, and I&#039;m 30 now. It&#039;s got worse over the years, and I turned to medication when everything else I tried failed. It helps calm me down to the point where I am not scared all the time. It sometimes takes a little while to work, but it&#039;s worth it. The only side effects I get are the &quot;spacey&quot; feeling in my head, and my vision is a little messed up. It&#039;s a great trade-off, instead of suffering with that anxiety literally all day and night.  This medicine is great."
"I&#039;m on Day 5 out of 7 and am calling it quits and try a different one tomorrow. The side effects hit me all at once on day 3. I got extreme exhaustion and muscle weakness. I couldn&#039;t even lift my arms without feeling exhausted. I got really irritable and extreme mood swings (yelling, crying). I got heart palipitations and extreme anxiety/paranoia. Strange rubber feeling in mouth, weird thoughts. On day 4 I started hallucinating a bit (nothing extreme but it was terrifying). Every muscle in my body aches. Oh and I checked to see if my infection improved with an at home test and it&#039;s still there! I quit, this is honestly the worst drug I have ever had in my life and didn&#039;t do anything. I can&#039;t wait for this to wear off."
"Had unprotected sex (I know dumb) on my ovulation day and he decided to finish inside (dumb again) I bought this pill about 8 hours later. No side effects and my period came right on schedule. After taking it I read all the reviews here. A lot negative and have been a nervous wreck since. I conceived all my kids on first try so I get pregnant easily... don&#039;t worry or stress if you&#039;re reading this. It definitely works!"
"In my case, the convenience of only having 4 periods a year outweighs the inconvenience of having decreased sex drive."
"I have been on Risnia/Risperdal for a few years now. Currently on a dosage of 2mg of the generic Risnia. As an answer to Bipolar Disorder with psychotic features this drug works wonders and I have been without relapse for 3 years now. My biggest frustration however is the weight gain. I have put on 8 kg during this time and I eat like a bird. I have tried a number of diets and exercise 3-4 times per week.  My psychiatrist mentioned slightly decreasing the dosage every second day and see if that helps. I will try this as soon as I get a new script with 1mg pills. Can anyone recommend a good alternative?"
"Depressive mood with ability to function well but have noted a significant improvement I mood since prescribed. Thankfully. Have to monitor amount I take and should not mix with strong coffee"
"I&#039;m bipolar and has taking lamictal 2,5 years right now. It is the best medicine i ever had. Before lamictal i was given lots of ssri medicine and neuroleptika who did that i was feeling worse and gave me 10 extra kg. When i changed medicine to lamictal it took looong time for me till it start working. Not feeling any side effects and i&#039;m on 300 mg."
"Got my IUD inserted toward the end of my period on July 6th. I just had a baby in March and it took me almost 3 months to start my period. Insertion wasn&#039;t too bad. Felt a little pinching but that was it. I did bleed after insertion that that lasted about 2-3 days. After that I started having really bad abdominal pain to where I needed to take Ibuprofen all the time. The bleeding did stop after the 3rd day of insertion but then on July 19th I started to bleed heavily and have not stopped since. So basically for these past 3 weeks I have either had sever abdominal pain or heavy bleeding. I&#039;m really not liking this at all. It&#039;s irritating to have to go through what seems like an extended period. Considering in having it removed!!"
"I was extremely tired, also after finishing dose, I began getting excrutiating pain especially when laying down, deep in my long bones in legs &amp; arms, also now I&#039;ve finished my 24 weeks, I am getting pain in liver area again, with nausea, my dr has said my blood levels have got better yet ordered a ultrasound, I also have severe feet, legs, hands &amp; thigh edema &amp; cirrhosis. My other Dr said the pain began when I started the harvoni."
"Tried this for a month and it didn&#039;t work nearly as well as my previous medications.  Asked doctor to switch me back.  Awkward inhaler."
"I&#039;ve been on Gianvi for five months now to treat PMDD. The first 3 months I was on Gianvi and I loved it. My only complaint was that I retained water really easily, but besides that I was not as emotional as before. Then my pharmacy switched me to the new generic, Loryna. It made me extremely emotional and I freaked out about everything. So I switched back to Gianvi and feel SO much better. The weird thing is, since switching back the side effects are the opposite of when I was on Gianvi before. My face has been breaking out a bit, I&#039;m &quot;dry&quot;,  and I have absolutely NO appetite. I&#039;m just thankful I&#039;ve been back to my &quot;normal&quot; self emotionally while taking Gianvi again."
"I took this for my first and only colonoscopy that I&#039;ve had.  I struggled drinking the first dose but it worked within 30 minutes and after a few trips over the next 90 minutes I was able to get a good night&#039;s sleep.  TIP: put the bottles in the fridge and get them cold before diluting with more cold water.  It makes the &quot;oily&quot; texture much easier to swallow.  I was able to gulp down the morning dose and followed up with a few sips of apple juice to cover the taste. It really wasn&#039;t as bad as the nightmares of bowel prep that I&#039;d heard before."
"This med gave me agitation, muscles cramps, fear, insomnia all these after 3 days."
"I am still taking this and probably will have to for at least 6 mos, if not a year. I take mine at night before I go to bed to lessen the side effects, but I still feel tired during the day and my eyesight is starting to get bad."
"I&#039;ve never gone more than two days without &quot;going&quot; so when I found myself on day 6, I knew I needed a little help because I was feeling pretty crappy (or not crappy enough?) The directions say to take 1-3 pills and called it gentle overnight relief. I took 2 pills before bed and had a nice healthy BM in the morning once I had my coffee. I thought that was all and if that had been all, I&#039;d rate this product a 10. I went to work and had the most excruciating stomach pains and nausea all day. So much that I thought I was going to pass out. At the end of the day (yesterday) I ended up pooping my pants w/absolutely no warning in a parking lot about 20 hours after taking the pills. Today I&#039;m still having stomach pains. Never touching this again."
"I have been taking bydureon for the 7 weeks.  At first I was very hesitatant to use a needle for self injection.  I&#039;ve gotten over the fear and now this is what I can say.  On weight lost I have dropped some 13lbs over the 7 weeks.  It has really curbed my desire to eat food.  I&#039;m still waiting for the medicine to start to work and see lower blood sugar ratings.  I have one more 4 pack to go and then off to check A1C.

Side effects; the bumps have shown up and I have two of them.  I&#039;m hoping they go away as estimated in the next month or so.  I seem to burp a lot and I don&#039;t know if anyone experienced this but for the first couple of weeks I had very little energy in the evening.

 So I&#039;ll update when I get my results in 5 weeks."
"I personally love Nuvaring. It is easy to remember, stays in place, and my partner and I cannot feel it. One negative thing is mood swings I can get very emotional and cry over the littlest things. All in all though I would have to say I really like it."
"I had taken Lactulose for almost 5 yrs before Xifaxan came out.  I had a lot of diarrhea and general bloating and abdominal discomfort with Lactulose.  That all disappeared when I started Xifaxan, and I would encourage patients to do themselves a favor and improve their quality of life by asking their doc for Xifaxan.  My ammonia is  &lt;25, better than when I took Lactulose, and my feeling of well-being is 10 out of 10."
"Nothing but spotting headaches and dizziness!! Hate it can&#039;t find anything suitable other than the implant :("
"I was diagnosed with peptic ulcer and the cause was H.Pylori. I was given Pylera. I have had a few discomfort but overall everything went well. Yesterday was the 10th day. I took Pro biotic supplement twice a day. The stool was little dark and greenish but nothing like black. May be the Probiotic helped. No Diarrhea and the stool was very thick.

I did feel very weak during the day and feverish for the first few days. My mouth was bitter and even the water tasted bitter. I am glad I completed my course but will have to do breath test in a month to see if this medicine eradicated the culprit from my body.

I took pantoprazole with Pylera in the morning after breakfast and after Dinner. I will be taking probiotic for the next 10 days."
"I had Hair loss due to Thyroid issues .This product has worked so well that I am looking at ways to hide the new growth on top until it gets to a manageable level.  There is heaps of new growth and being short, is too difficult to straighten like I do with the rest of my hair.  Small price to pay I know, but as I&#039;m in my 50&#039;s the new growth is mainly gray &amp; therefore courser leaving a &#039;fuzz party&#039; on the top of my head aaaaargh!  I no longer have bald patches and my hair is visually thicker. I have however added PRP treatments (Platelet-Rich Plasma) to help get the most benefit.  My doctor has advised that this is a product that needs to be continued indefinitely as it only works while you are taking it. We each need to decide if the cost is worth it.  I do :)"
"The Nuvaring personally helped me because I was on the depo shot for about 7 months and I gained so much weight and constantly wanted to eat. Once I got off of the shot I decided I&rsquo;d try the ring because someone I knew has been on it for years. Once I got on it, I started seeing progress after working out and dieting . It does decrease your sex drive but I don&rsquo;t really care"
"The first few doses made me feel like I had been hit by a truck.   Things improved and now I am in the third day and fine.  Burning, urgency, leaking GONE so I will finish my 10 days of medication.  I had Cipro for 7 days previously and after I finished-- in three days I had symptoms again."
"The past three years I used Implanon, the first version of Nexplanon, and it was rough. I had a heavy period for the entire time I was on it. It was so annoying. Once my time came up to switch, I had heard that the Nexplanon was a new and improved type of under the skin birth control. I decided that was the one I wanted, and I&#039;ve been on it for about two months. I haven&#039;t had a single period! That&#039;s right, no period. I&#039;m elated to say that. Everything has been lovely. I&#039;ve lost a little weight, I haven&#039;t had any breakouts, any weird symptoms. I have been a little moody, but it&#039;s probably because my body is used to PMS. I recommend it fully."
"I have just started my 2nd month of 7 days of injections.  I have had no adverse reactions, except the injection sights get very red and later peel.  My white blood cells went down and then started back up.  My platelets and hemoglobin are quite low but so far no blood transfusions.  I am told each time they will make white blood cells go lower."
"Drysol works great! By me being a teen I usually don&#039;t apply every night but it still works effectively! I&#039;ve been on and off the medication because the burning sensation is very uncomfortable. Other than the burning sensation the product works great! I barely sweat at all."
"This medicine works fast and hard for anxiety. It will stop anxiety dead in it&#039;s tracks. I highly recommend Lyrica for anxiety. The only side effect has been some sleepiness, but I&#039;ll take it considering the anxiety relief being provided by Lyrica."
"I am a male age 28 with RA.  I was diagnosed with RA at age 23.  I suffer pain primarily in my toes.  For a newly married athlete at age 23, the pain from RA and the thought of living the rest of my life crippled with pain - took a huge toll on me.  I felt ashamed as a man and as a husband/potential father. Fortunately, I have had great Docs work hard to help me get well.  I have been on plaquenil, sulfazalazine, methotrexate, enbrel, cimzia, and simponi.  Each med had some positive results but some had harsh negative side effects too. Like many of us- I want to be on as little medicine as possible - but still manage my pain.  Simponi has solved my riddle. I am so pleased to be pain free and on only 1 med now - Simponi. Thank you!"
"I have some strained neck muscles and this medication has helped ease my pain greatly.  On a scale from 1 - 10 my pain was a 9 now it is a 1.  I am so happy."
"Have had Gout and was prescribed with indomethacin. Feelings after taking it, makes you want to go to sleep. Don&#039;t fight that feeling. Hit the sack and relax and when you wake up, You&#039;ll feel like a million dollar!"
"Miracle drug for me! I seem to have a bad reaction to every drug that is specifically for Bi-Polar! No, I&#039;m not as creative as I was, but it&#039;s between being so high and then crashing so far down or a good steady me! I&#039;ll take this compared to a hospital any day."
"I do not recommend this drug  for anyone that has trouble sleeping,  The way they say to take it does not work for me at all."
"I&#039;m currently on Lamictal 350mg. My neurologist, due to the cost is weaning me off this medication to Zonisamide 200mg. I previously had an EEG while on this medication. I had four seizures while in the hospital, and recently weaned myself off this medication. My neurologist is states, &quot;I have never heard of a medication causing the seizures, but nevertheless I want you to stay on them cause they are helping you! I&#039;m torn between a rock and a hard spot! I keep having seizures every month whether on these meds. or not, and my job is at stake. Don&#039;t know what to do!"
"Wellbutrin has significantly improved my overall concentration above all else. For the first time in many years, I have been able to actually sit down and read contently without my mind wondering. I wish I had this medication before I graduated from university, my grades would probably have been much better. I take this in combination with Cipralex. I have had no side effects with this medication."
"Hello all, 3rd time writing. Just got back from the Dr. I did my 1st dose on June 19, weighed 266lb, followed the dosing schedule, lost 11 lbs in 17 days.  This drug is awesome and no side effects at all.  Very happy with the results. Will continue until I reach my goal of at losing another 30 pounds.. My ideal weight for my height is 180 lbs but I would look sick and wouldn&#039;t go that far down. I was once 220 lbs and looked decent. With this drug, it will be a breeze. Also, I walk about 8 km a day and I barely eat. Sugar cravings are gone finally and need to pump out all the crap out of my liver until it functions back a 100%, then the weight will melt off. Happier than I can explain...to all you who are feeling discouraged, be patient."
"After my insurance would no longer pay for Vesicare, which worked for me. My doctor had me try tolterodine, initially the results were just ok, but the longer I took it the more pronounced the side effects became, the con&#039;s outweighed the positives. I stopped taking it after my issues with incontinence cleared up. Due to a illness, valley fever, the incontinence has returned. The doctor had me re-start the tolterodine . Well once again the side effects returned after two weeks, a fluttering in my ear canals, extreme irritability, and finally constipation. Doctor said the generics are not all the same and that Detrol might be better, but my insurance won&#039;t pay for the name brand drug. Guess I will just have to deal with the incontinence.."
"I started Lexapro for lifelong depression and anxiety, which at times has been quite severe. I have tried probably about 3/4 of all your typical SSRI and SNRI drugs. Some were kind of helpful, some helped a little while then stopped, some made things worse. Lexapro has saved my life. I have been on it about seven months now and feel better than expected. I am not overwhelmed as soon as I wake up, which was a huge reason I slept all the time. I generally feel positive most of the time. One added effect I was not expecting was my concentration, focus and memory seemed to improve. My social anxiety has improved significantly, which was a huge issue for me. This helped me. Keep searching til you find the right med FOR YOU"
"My son is 6 they started him off on Concerta he seemed fine we had minimal complaint the only downside is everyday around 7 he would be in moods over silly things, but it would pass. Now the Vayvanse had him in &quot;HULK&quot; mode as he would describe it. He was very snappy and angry and became aggressive with the kids at school, (which was never an issue before). I hated that stuffed. I&#039;m beginning to realize that finding the right meds is going to be a HUGE task."
"Lately I&#039;ve been having really bad panic attacks, migraines, night terrors/nightmares every night for three weeks I started Zoloft last night and it already started working within a night I&#039;m more calm and feel like my old self already."
"This medication saved my life physically &amp; spiritually. After 10 years being prescribed a synthetic opioid that was presented to me as safe &amp; non-addicting, I lost everything, my job, my health, my family &amp; my will to live. If you are coming off an opioid addiction, please don&#039;t do it cold turkey. Ask your health care provider if this medication is right for you. Also, it is relatively cheap even without insurance ( I only have to take one a day. I&#039;m now happier &amp; healthier than I&#039;ve ever been &amp; I&#039;m 52, walk 4 miles a day. The best thing is, I have no desire to take another narcotic ever again. I hope this helps you!"
"I was given Xyrem two months ago to help with narcolepsy with cataplexy along with fibromyalgia.  I had an expectation based on what I was told it would do that I would instantly be falling asleep.  It didn&#039;t happen.  Minimal effects.  My neurologist started me on 2.25mg x 2 at night.  When we discussed the situation on my next visit and I talked with the Xyrem nurse, this was common on this dosage.  He increased it to 3.0 for the next six weeks.  I am now seeing some results in sleep, cataplexy and narcolepsy.  He did tell me that he increases to maximum dosage at much slower rates than any doctors to lessen the side effects.  To date all I have had was a slight headache several days which might or might not be related.  So far so good!"
"I use this every time allergy season hits. It is awesome."
"Was put on this for depression/anxiety and it was a disaster! About 40 minutes after I took it I started to feel very nauseous and had bad diarrhea. I also felt very hot and had a lot of anxiety (more anxiety than I had in the first place). Later on I noticed it made me yawn quite a bit, and each time I yawned my jaw would stay clenched for a couple of seconds before it would relax again. I only took it for one day, and almost 2 days later I am still having some nausea, yawning and burping a lot. According to the other reviews, it seems like it either works for you or it doesn&#039;t. I am obviously not one of the people it works for!"
"Next month will be the 3 years. Iv&#039;e been bleeding every month and in between months. Its been a night mare."
"Today was my 1st day taking to pill. I had energy for about 12 hours and really no urge to eat although I did. I drank plenty of water today, I felt like I had dry mouth. No real bad side effects. I did work out and it help."
"I have diabetic neuropathy and fibromyalgia.  I could barely walk when I started taking this medicine 4 years ago.  The first two weeks were difficult as I felt like I was &quot;high&quot; but that wore off.  I am now up to max dose 1200mg 3x per day.  If I miss a dose the pain is INTENSE. I try not to ever do that.  It makes me a bit chatty so we&#039;ve affectionately nicknamed it &quot;gabby&quot;."
"I took these pills and still woke up several times throughout the night. My aches are gone but I woke up more times after taking the Aleve PM than I normally do not taking anything."
"It helps with my seizures as well as my fibromyalgia so I&#039;ve always been really happy with my Lyrica. I&#039;ve been on it for years now."
"I was on this medication earlier this year and had to stop it because of cost and insurance. I have since been approved for medical assistance and my doctor has once again prescribed cymbalta for my anxiety and depression. I had no side effects like I did with just about every other antidepressant under the sun. This has saved my life."
"Gout attacks began in late 20&#039;s then gradually progressed from big toe to elbows, knees, wrist, knuckles, ankle, etc. 35 years old now with long family history of gout. Started off 100mg gradually up to 300mg at the moment. First year of use was brutal with daily to weekly attacks. Still receiving attacks even at the moment just not as severe (more than one joint attacked). Attacks have spread further apart in time. Still unsure about allopurinol, but luckily no major side effects other than dry mouth, dry skin, and if cut, takes longer to stop bleeding. Overall I&#039;d say it is helping, but very slowly...."
"This drug needs to be removed from the market.  After being on it for 16 months, I developed boop..it attacked my lungs and set up what is called by my Doctor Chemical pneumonia. I&#039;ve been treated with steroids  off and on for  1 and  half years...each time I am taken off boop returns. A critical care Pulmonary Doctor says I have to come off steriods  and I wants to. Put me on a drug that has a side effect of causing three types of cancer. This med can stay in your blood at a therapeutic level for 6 months...and could take up to three years to get it out of your blood.  My lungs are so bad I asked about a lung transplant, blood transfusion.  Guess what...not an option, the medicine is in every tissue of my body.. As long as the drug is in  my system,  boop.!!"
"I have been an occasional binge drinker for years, going on 2-3 day tangents.  The next day, I have gotten the shakes very bad.  My doctor gave me Librium which really helped at one time, but it seems throughout the years I need a larger dose now.  What usually works is in the am as soon as I wake up, I take one 25mg. pill. 2 hours later another 25 mg. pill, then about 4 hours after that, another, 4 hours later another.  So that would 100 mg the first day. This is on the day after drinking.  On the 2nd day, I usually only need one or two 25 mg. pills, Then I&#039;m fine.  I&#039;m tired of going through this, think I&#039;ll start AA today or tomorrow.  Nothing feels worse than a hangover! Drinking doesn&#039;t solve your problems!"
"Before I started this medicine I was so worried because of all the reviews about bad side effects. I can honestly say I did not have a bad experience at all. I was on 500mg twice a day for 7 days. The 2nd day I was on it, I had very slight nausea in the evening but I started watching T.V and when the show was over my nausea was gone. The 3rd day, I had some wine and I was on my 2nd glass when I remembered I&#039;m not supposed to drink while on Flagyl. I just finished my last dose &amp; haven&#039;t experienced anymore nausea or anything. I&#039;ve been lethargic the last 2 days but that may be due to getting my period. Not everyone has a bad reaction!"
"I just had the Mirena put in today--as of the procedure it wasn&#039;t painful at all!! I have 1 kid so I think Mothers would have an easier time with this procedure. Cramping afterwards was very minimal as well. I did take Tylenol before and after the visit to reduce any possible pain. Hoping this works well for me for the rest of the time!"
"I have just started this med. This is day 3 of taking it and it has not helped with anxiety at all. In some ways it makes it worse. It clouds my head and not being able to think heightens my anxiety. It does although put me to sleep within a couple hours (Zzzquil does that job better though), but the anxiety stays present."
"I&#039;ve been in this BC for about 8 months now. And it is perfect ! I take my pills everyday at the SAME time. I&#039;ve gained a couple pounds but not to many. No pain or blooding. My cycle comes the same time every month. Very light for about 3-5 days. I have experienced a lil nausea after taking my pills if I hadn&#039;t eaten yet. So I recommend eating and staying hydrated with this BC. But over all I think this is a very good BC for anyone. No major side effects. I really recommend !!"
"I have only just begun taking Seasonique but boy is it effective. But who could get pregnant when your mood swings are off the charts and you have absolutely NO sex drive, and even if I tried to be interested, it wouldn&#039;t be worth it because it&#039;s too dry. Seriously...me and my boyfriend hate it. Trying to wait it out and see if there is any improvement."
"I had been taking Lexapro which worked very well. I had been having pains in my back and headaches for a while so my Doctor started me on Cymbalta. I must say that with the switch my pains are relieved, and my whole being is in a very good place. Thanks Cymbalta"
"My 8 yrs/old son started having panic attacks (never had them before!) after taking 1 spray before bed). We discontinued this med but panic attacks are still there after 2 weeks - really scary indeed! Beware of this terrible drug! If someone had those as well please let me know and do you know when they will subside?"
"This is far superior to hydromorphone for controlling muscle spasticity."
"I have had the Mirena for almost three years now and love it. Insertion was not painful at all. Just a little uncomfortable. I bled for two months then my periods went back to normal. After a year they went away completely. I&#039;m very thankful for that. I suffered from really bad menstrual cramps and severe mood swings. Once I got the Mirena my moods seemed to balance out. My cramps have disappeared. I have noticed even though I don&#039;t get a period I still get minor PMS symptoms. I would recommend this to any woman looking for a convenient birth control that works. Also I am glad it does not have estrogen in it. Some of the estrogen based birth control gives me migraines and causes me to be moody."
"Humira has been amazing in treating my severe Crohn&#039;s. I used to suffer almost every time I&#039;d eaten 7 days/week or unprovoked but now it&#039;s gone down to only once or twice. The only reason I&#039;d rate it 9 instead of ten is because the initial injection burns very badly (the medication, not the needle) and can interrupt my day for an hour or so. The pain is worth the long term result. I highly recommend going for it if the option has been made available to you. I have two family members who use it too, one for Crohn&#039;s and one for arthritis and it&#039;s given them great success as well :)"
"My boyfriend and I always use condoms but this time it slipped. We both started to stress out over it all because I&#039;m 17 and he&#039;s 20 and we both aren&#039;t ready for kids. I took a hot shower (heard it helped to terminate pregnancies if done right away) and the pharmacy was still open and I took the Plan b one step about an hour later. I had very bad cramps and nausea for about two hours but then it was better. I got my period 12 hours later. Feel a little sick now but nothing too bad."
"I had my Mirena put in yesterday and it was not painful. Just a few cramps when he was putting it in. I bled and had minimal cramps that day and nothing since. So far I love it!"
"I travel a lot. I eat out a lot as a result. I have gained a lot of weight because of my job. I just don&#039;t have the time to exercise. My doctor got concerned when my BMI ballooned to 38. I started Belviq and I pay $75 per month. Cheaper than the other TV weight loss systems and I won&#039;t try the GNC stuff. Not safe! I lost 22 pounds this summer and so far I am pleased. No real side effects to report. For me, $75 is a lot per month but I was spending more on food! Lunch and dinner would cost me $20 a day, 4-5x per week."
"I have tried just about everything to manage my Fibromyalgia pain and taking Percocet 24/7 was the only thing keeping me functional. Doctor put me on Gabapentin in an effort to wean me off the Percocet. So far it&#039;s working and I&#039;m taking much less of the Percocet. I have 400mg/3x day for typical days and she prescribed 600 mg for my bad days. However, the 600 mg makes me feel very spacey and unable to focus, slightly headachey. It does help with the pain though. The pain is not gone completely but I can function. Best I can hope for I guess."
"Partial seizure"
"Only on my 3rd day of taking Cymbalta and the side effects are severely affecting me. I haven&#039;t been able to eat due to the nausea and my head feels as if I have taken an illicit drug. My pupils are dilated to the point where I can&#039;t look anyone in the eye."
"Pros: clearer skin, no hair loss (happened to me on another pill) minimal bloating, no break through bleeding, no tiredness, no irritability, no breat tenderness and most importantly no pregnancy

Cons: headaches from time to time, slightly decreased sex drive and slightly increased food cravings"
"Anxiety and stress relieved 100%, would recommend"
"I can&#039;t say what laxative medication is best for constipation due to fever or when a person is experiencing some kind of sickness, but when bowel movement becomes a pit of a problem due to stress, certain foods, dehydration, etc., the best thing is one (tiny) tablet and it will solve the problem. Not very quickly but in a normal way which is better, and without any side effects. And I take one occasionally, more so rarely as I need it. Great results, and the tiny pill is so easy to swallow."
"I took Genvoya for about 3 weeks... I had to stop. I was regularly having numbness on the left side of my body. In addition to that, I was having what felt like small stinging sensations all over my body (mainly in my stomach and back).  I also developed a skin irritation that I&#039;m still fighting to get rid of. I really regret switching to this med."
"It took 3 years to figure out that it was the Effexor that was causing my constipation.  I was given MORE prescriptions to counter-act, but that just didn&#039;t work-actually moved me to beyond the other end of the spectrum.  After forgetting a dose and experiencing the withdrawal symptoms, I immediately wanted to get off, but because I really didn&#039;t have any other options, I just continued on.  I have tried many other different medications to help cope with depression and anxiety-Effexor seemed to work on the brain, but what it did to my guts is far worse.  Multiple imaging, ER visits, unnecessary surgery and even a trip to the Mayo Clinic to figure out why I couldn&#039;t poop.  To me, Effexor is POISON"
"I&#039;ve been taking Celexa for about a month now. It helped me a little at first, now I&#039;m having crying spells and feeling hopeless again.  The glass is always half empty. I&#039;m taking 20 mg.  I was hoping Celexa would work.  I had been taking Paxil 20mg for about three years and I was so happy on it! It didn&#039;t matter what was going on in my life. I felt great.  I stopped taking Paxil because it made me sleepy all the time.  I guess I&#039;ll continue for a few more weeks with Celexa.  If things don&#039;t get better I&#039;m going back to Paxil."
"This is the first birth control pill I&#039;ve ever been on, and I&#039;m 23. I got on the pill because I was having really painful periods and I had recently become sexually active. Month 1 was amazing, barely any side effects at all! I started it on day 1 of my period, and my period was way heavier than usual. During the placebo period week, I got a much lighter and manageable period. So everything is well, right? WRONG. I started pack 2, and during week 2, I start to get this awful cramping in my stomach, like how I would days before my period. Then the cramping gets 100X worse, and I go from spotting a little brown blood, to having a FULL BLOWN PAINFUL PERIOD! I&#039;m supposed to go on Junel next month, but I might  just switch to a higher dose pill."
"I tried by Bystolic when it first came on the market and after several days experienced what I believe a heart attack would feel like had the same issue with 2 other beta blockers doc made the choice to stay away from the beta blocker class but at 33 my body said something was wrong after many tests and docs I learned I had tachy-Brady syndrome my blood pressure on 5 meds was high and my pulse was climbing averaging 120 the option I was given was surgery or medication so I tried a slight dose 2.5mg of Bystolic and as they warned me it dropped my pulse so much i couldn&#039;t function but half of that dose has lowered my heart rate enough to get me into the safe zone and my blood pressure is slightly lower with no side effects"
"Suffering from severe lower back pain for more than a month I finally went to the doctor convinced I would be told there was nothing to be done but to soldier through it.  Instead I was prescribed a week-long course of prednisone.  Results started within hours.  I was almost pain-free the next day.  By day three other ailments I had just been living with, such as stiff knees and shoulder pain, were also gone.  It&#039;s a wonder drug.  But for the long term side effects I&#039;d stay on it indefinitely if I could."
"First birth control medication I have ever been on, and it has turned out to be the worst experience for me! I got on it for heavy periods, which it has helped, but the side effects are not worth having a light flow for me! I have gained 20 pounds at least from this in two months (how is that even possible?), I have constant headaches and stomach cramps, and frequent diarrhea. Also, I have never had a problem with acne in my life. I got on this, and within a month, my face is breaking out like crazy! Needless to say, I am officially scared of contraceptives and I will just take my week long heavy, painful periods for the rest of my life."
"Take 3 pills a day down from 4 because of expense and still works fine. I have been able to eat and drink whatever I want! No side effects at all. This is a wonderful medicine but I just wish there was a generic that was less expensive.I am thinking about dropping to two pills a day and see if that still works."
"I took Valium for almost 3 years and it helped my anxiety. I started on 5mg three times a day then that increased to 4 times a day. I started waking in the early morning thinking I had bad pills because they weren&#039;t working. I found out I was in tolerance and started having tolerance withdrawal. It&#039;s very hard to come off. I tried to stop cold turkey and on day 3 it felt like I had been shocked with a cattle prod. I went back to 15 mg and started a slow taper.  Added remeron for sleep while tapering. I would steer clear from benzos and find something else for anxiety, these should not be taken for long periods of time.It make your world a better place to be and forget life&#039;s problems for a short time but you will face consequences later."
"I just finished my third pack of pills. Although I was skeptical about putting hormones into my body on a daily basis, this medication has worked out for me. I started it mainly because I was tired of the constant worries I have as i am very sexually active. Since starting the medication I have received the benefits of lighter/shorter/less painful periods, larger breasts, clearer skin, and no baby scares! I have also had the added benefit of slower facial hair growth (yay for less tweezing and waxing!). For myself, the negatives that come with this drug are the feelings of a slower metabolism/bloating (although I haven&#039;t gained weight), and huge decrease in my sex drive which I actually prefer because now I play it coy in dating ;)"
"I started taking this medication about 2 months ago. My doc had me start out at 40 milligrams for one week and then upped the dose to two 40 mg capsules twice a day. At the second month, I started taking just one 80 mg capsule around mid-afternoon early evening every day. So far the drug has seemed to greatly help my ability to focus and really experience the world around me. I&#039;m able to finally slow my mind to a cruising speed instead of an outright race. Strattera has made me calmer and more composed when it comes to social interactions with others and encountering stressful situations. Also, I seem to be getting really positive and more optimistic in everyday life making me feel as if the drug as some mild antidepressant properties"
"Ok so it&#039;s been about a week since I got Skyla inserted, and I have to say, it&#039;s one of the best choices I&#039;ve ever made. My boyfriend doesn&#039;t feel it during sex, I checked my strings today and they&#039;re in the correct place, and my period has been normal. I will say that the cramps actually got pretty intense and I was taking crazy amounts of ibuprofen for like 4 days, but now everything is fine. I would TOTTALLY recommend this to any woman looking for reliable birth control"
"I&#039;ve used this product before with only mild discomfort on the first use.  I used it two nights ago and was extremely uncomfortable, itching and burning like crazy, with no relief. I had heard that the first application was sometimes worse so I used another dose last night and WHOA NELLY I was up at 2am in extreme pain, in the shower trying to wash it off of me. Is there something wrong with this particular batch????"
"I got a small dot on my lip on Tuesday at work and thought it might be a cold sore coming on but I wasn&#039;t sure.  By Tuesday evening however I was sure it was a cold sore and started putting Abreva on it.  By the time I woke up on Wednesday it was a full blown cold sore. The doctor prescribed Valtrex 2 pills (1000mg each) to take immediately and 2 pills (1000mg each) to take 12 hours later.  I was skeptical after reading mixed reviews online, but when I woke up this morning it had already started to scab.  Had I not gone to the doctor this would have dragged out for at least 4-5 more days before it even got to the scab phase. I am so relieved to have found this product."
"I started taking Fetzima as an alternative to citalopram, as it was no longer effective for me. I immediately started feeling sick (queasy, light-headed). My doctor told me those were withdrawal symptoms, but I still feel them weeks later. I quickly became irritable and have gotten worse and worse. I&#039;m hot and sweaty most of the time, but when I&#039;m cold I also sweat. The irritable and constant crying have caused me to gain weight as I&#039;m eating all the time to try to feel better."
"Have lost 53 lbs since 9-12.  Now having bad stomach cramps hope it is not the Victoza.  Will find out Monday.  Still have some nausea and vomit occasionally, but is my own fault for eating too much. I drink only water with meals to avoid filling up with the gas from sodas.  Take 1.8.  It works for me.  Am also a Type 2 and take 1000mg metformin each day."
"My experience has been mirrored by another recent poster; I got mine I  mid-November 2014. I had two very light periods and then mid-January 2015, I started a period that hasn&#039;t stopped for more than 18 hours. I&#039;ve been spotting for more than three months straight! 
I can still work out, I drink plenty of water and eat good food, and the cramps have only been bad once or twice (after a nap I was ok). I think staying hydrated and eating a diet rich in protein will help some of the symptoms others experience. I&#039;ve lost about 15 lbs (neither hindered or helped by the device), been a little moody and had a very mild increase in acne."
"My first night I applied Hypercare and it burned beyond belief, but I stuck through it.  The next morning I decided to have a trial run, so I purposefully wore a light colored shirt.  To my amazement there wasnt one drop of sweat and no sweat stains.

I am truly impressed with HyperCare and have recommended it to a few friends that have the same embarrassing sweat problem that I do."
"I started Cymbalta about 3 months ago for depression.  At 30 mg I was fine.  We increased.  They are worse than when I was going through menopause.  My body is hot all the time.  My feet are always hot and sweat.  I don&#039;t want to stop the Cymbalta because it has had such a dramatic effect with the depression.  I feel like me again mentally.    I don&#039;t think these are listed as side effects. "
"I just started my 3rd pack today and am happy to share that the first 2 packs have been a great experience so far. This is my first time on birth control (I am 22) and the only negative side effect of Lutera seems to be mood swings during weeks 1 or 2. My boyfriend got extremely irritated with my random moods but we were able to get through it. Other than that, my skin has gotten much clearer (I used to have spots here and there and now I don&#039;t), my periods are shorter and predictable, there was no weight gain (I actually lost weight) and breasts stayed the same. 

It took me so many years to finally start on BC because reading through all the forums scared me away. I&#039;m sure there is a suitable BC out there for everyone!"
"I have been on Suboxone for going on six years treating long term opiate dependence and abuse. The naloxone (opiate blocking ) effects of Suboxone takes away the impulsive aspect of relapse while the buprenorphine keeps me from feeling sick. In the first couple of years of treatment I tried to abuse the Suboxone to get high but to no avail. I promptly gave up trying to abuse it, this once again confirms my belief in this products effectiveness. It is generally prescribed in a MD office once or twice a month rather than daily in a clinic. For me this means freedom to work, travel and live my life. I also use 12 step programs to aid in my recovery."
"I started 20 MG of Prozac over a year ago and it has since been increased to 60 MG a day. I addition to that I started BuSpar 5 MG about 6 months ago and that also has been increased to 15 MG a day. Even between the two, I still didn&#039;t feel like myself again, then I started 5 MG of Abilify a month ago. It has been a blessing. I am doing this now, and becoming less introverted, and I get great satisfaction over small things like simple conversations with friends and family. As it was originally difficult for me to be okay with admitting I was depressed to begin with, I was a little hesitant to take a medicine originally prescribed to those with schizophrenia. Now I am proud to say that I take it, because now I have my life back."
"I was so scared it wasn&#039;t going to work because I took it two weeks before my period was scheduled to come. I was stressing, my boyfriend and I fighting all the time from the stress, but today the exact day I was scheduled to get my period I get it. Ladies it works! Don&#039;t worry about it! Don&#039;t stress yourself or your boyfriend/ husband. It will only cause problems. Trust that this will work."
"My doctor almost treated me with antidepressant because I had signs and symptoms of depression, however, this only happens for few days prior to my monthly menses so she decided that we should try this pill, so far so good! No more feelings of hopelessness, helplessness, crying spells, moody, irritable, fatigue, tiredness, anxiety, acheness, cramping, headaches and the worse of all symptoms lack of desire to enjoy life! This is a miracle pill, made my stomach upset the first day and drowsiness. Little light headed."
"Feel like I have body aches after taking this medication. It seems to keep me awake at night too, which is annoying. Also, I can&#039;t tell whether it is working or my body is fighting off my sore throat by itself. My appetite changed too."
"I&#039;ve had terrible acne for as long as I can remember, always around my chin and cheek area. I felt so horrible about myself and finally went to the doctor and was put on Ortho Tri-Cyclen. It definitely did not work right away, but I did enjoy the light periods. I&#039;d say after three of four months my acne started clearing beautifully, and I&#039;ve been on the pill ever since. No weight gain, or mood swings. I felt like my normal self.  Although, Maybe two months ago I forgot to get a refill and it took a while to get it so I obviously wasn&#039;t taking it for a week or two and my acne went crazy again! I also started to experience mood swings and was very tired. (for anybody thinking about stopping)"
"I have been on Oxycontin since 2003 on a daily basis.  I have chronic abdominal discomfort because I had my large intestine removed due to chronic Ulcerative Colitis.  I also have had Degenerative Disc Disease  since 1998. I&#039;ve had to have my right hip replaced due to an injury in 2008 and I have chronic sciatic nerve pain in my left hip that runs down to my foot. I found this drug to be more effective than any rehabilitation or needle injection that I&#039;ve ever had. I have tried many different treatments like injections and physical rehab but I get the best pain relief from taking 3 - 60mg. Oxycontin every 8 hours and 10 mg. Oxycodone IR pills every 4 to 6 hours daily for increased pain and discomfort. The bad part is I lost most of my teeth."
"Wow  done it easy this year . By day 5 I hated smoking . Now ended I haven&#039;t craved . Can&#039;t stand the smell of a ciggy . Gave up chocolate as well ."
"as an occasional user,  MoM is the most dependable and gentle laxative I&#039;ve ever used."
"Update:  I&#039;m on my 4th week of taking contrave 2 pills am and pm.  I didn&#039;t have any nausea weeks 1-3 so not sure if I need to be on 2 pills in am and 1 pm.  I have lost 11.3 lbs so far so that&#039;s great!  I do exercise some as well.  I&#039;m grateful my insurance covers this at 100% as others stated it&#039;s an expensive rx."
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for just over four weeks and it&#039;s effects have been dramatic. I was initially prescribed 50mg, which was way too high of a starting dose for an individual with panic disorder. The first few days were awful, as I experienced a dramatic increase in anxiety and feelings of intense dread. I was dropped down to 25mg and given a prescription of Klonopin to hold me through the titration period. I am currently taking 75mg and have noticed a marked improvement in my condition over the past few days. Overall anxiety is significantly decreased, below levels prior to the development of my panic disorder. CBT has been very effective as well in developing a healthier relationship with my anxiety."
"I love this so far I have had it for a year!!! I have not had a period the whole time which is amazing!!!!! No side effects for me I can&#039;t complain at all I will deff get this again after my 3 years is over!!!!!!!"
"Left nephrectomy in July 2015 for large renal cell tumor. First  bad CT was in Nov 2016 which showed multiple lesions throughout abdomen and pelvis. Biopsy in Dec2016 confirmed recurrence of rcc.
Started 800mg votrient in Jan 2017. Horrible side effects with fatigue and intense abdominal pain. Stopped after 3 weeks and took a week break before starting 600mg. Side effects eased slightly but blood work showed poor liver function after 3 weeks so took a week break and started 400mg. CT in March 2017 showed several lesions 10% smaller. Side effects have calmed down with the worst being daily diarrhea and inconsistent appetite. ALL hair turned white. Good Luck to everyone."
"Like many others, I had put off having a colonoscopy.  I was 55 and was prescribed to take this.  I had been told by other people using other preps that they were up all night and how horrible it was.  I was so glad that my surgeon gave me this.  Within a half hour of taking the first dose, there was action and it only lasted about 30 - 45 minutes.  I was back and forth to the bathroom, of course, but then that was it for the first dose.  The same for the second dose.  The taste really was not that bad for me.  One trick is to get it really cold.  I think I probably held my nose and just chugged it down.  Same prep for my followup colonoscopy and same results.  Oh, and I&#039;m cancer free now!"
"Cymbalta works for me, I have symptoms of PTSD and have tried other medications for my anxiety such as: PAXIL, CELEXA, and PROZAC with no good results. So far so good with Cymbalta with minimal sexual side effects for me. Psychotherapy and Physical Fitness is recommended if you use this medication."
"8 weeks and one day ago I took a plan B. I made sure to go to the drug store right after I had unprotected sex. I heard that if you are ovulating this pill does nothing for you so I bought a ovulation detector to be sure that I wasn&#039;t ovulating before I took it. The box says that if you are over 165lbs this may not work for you. I am well under 165 lbs. so for the first four weeks I patiently waited for my period and nothing. I took three pregnancy tests after a month of taking the pill and the pregnancy test was inconclusive. A week later the 4th test came back positive.  I ended up at the clinic getting an abortion pill yesterday and I am currently bleeding worse then I&#039;ve ever bled in my whole life."
"This is the only medication I have found to help with a chronic cough after a cold or respiratory infection.  It makes me a little sleepy if I take it during the day, but I can function with little coughing."
"I have read all of the reviews and am surprised at so many with serious side effects.  That is a shame, because I have had remarkable success with Movantik.  I have taken opioids for 8 years due to chronic and severe degenerative disk disease.  I have taken fentanyl, morphine, oxycontin, hydromorphone, etc.  The most current treatment is 24 mg of hydromorphone and 15mg of methadone per day.  Constipation was a terrible side effect.  I continually used OTC of all types, to little avail. At times, I would go 4-6 days w/o a BM.  I had a BM on the first day I took 25mg of Movantik. No side effects.  I take it once per day, and have a BM almost once per day. Sometime at the most every two days. Stools are not irregular. For me, a miracle drug"
"I have tried this medication on a few ocasions. And it had never worked for me. I try to save a few dollars. Now I know better I will stick to the other two name brands."
"I wish I had read about this pill before taking it. I was on Minestrin for two years and loved it. CVS switched me to Mibelas, and I experienced terrible headaches and extreme shortness of breathe to the point I thought I was going to choke to death. It took me awhile to figure out it was the Mibelas, but when I did, I stopped taking it, and I never felt better. I had constant headaches for the 2 months I was taking it, and severe anxiety. I stopped going to class and literally thought I was losing my mind. It is not worth the price difference between Minestrin and Mibelas. This product should not even be sold."
"This is a 5-ASA suppository.  Helpful in gaining control of a mild UC flare.  No side effects.  Fairly easy to &quot;hold in&quot; compared to Rowasa, but doesn&#039;t spread as far, pretty much only the rectum.  A little lube helps, I also knock off the rough edges on the blunt end."
"I took Avonez for 3 1/2 years.  I experienced the flu-like reaction about 70% of the time.  I fell frequently and was extremely depressed.  I did the injections in late afternoon (Friday) and was down for 24 -48 hours.  My recent MRI showed more MS activity.  I am now trying a different medication."
"On 5mg Escitalopram, I initially experienced an almost euphoric-like state with 0% anxiety. I was motivated, talking/laughing more, getting things done. The anxiety began to creep back after 2 weeks though and the extreme happiness leveled off. I increased the dosage (to the prescribed 10mg) which I&#039;ve stayed on for several weeks and now I have mild depression with lingering anxiety.  Suicidal thoughts are completely gone. After consulting with my doctor I may increase the dosage. Side effects: irregular bowel movements (resolved), excessive gas, sleepiness, tense/tight muscles and less intense orgasms. Out of the all the antidepressants I&#039;ve been on, this is the better option and I&#039;m grateful for this medication."
"39 weeks ... Had A BV infection which caused this full blown yeast infection. My due date is in 2 days. Mucus plug just came out before inserting monistat 3. The discomfort is intense. Burning vag, still itchy."
"I took 300mg of zonegran for nearly 2 years. It worked really well to prevent my migraines at the start--it was like a dream come true. I did experience appetite reduction and weight loss, but I put it back on after about a year. The negative side effects were extreme for me over time. First, my depression got much worse. That could have been external factors, but the time that I started taking Zonegran and the severe increase in my symptoms match. Also, after some time, I noticed my cognitive function was severely inhibited. I was in graduate school at the time and began failing classes, slurring my words when 100% sober, and unable to remember things. When I went off, my migraines returned severely, especially period and allergy migraines"
"Strattera was my first treatment after I was diagnosed with ADHD PI for six months. First week on 40 mg, then 80 mg and the last three months on 100 mg. I didn&#039;t improve any symptom, but it worsen everything. I got negative effects, from the sexual side (no erections just after taking Strattera,). My mood was really unstable, with peeks of depressing episodes and rage outbursts on the last weeks.

Now I&#039;m quitting it, and I got some discontinuing effect as tension on my head and anxiety. On the next week I&#039;ll start with methyphenidate and I hope the best."
"Today is my day 10, severe diarrhea started on day 2. Bad in the morning and late evening, yesterday I started with the metallic taste in my mouth. I hope it passes. My dose is 500 mg twie a day. As far as side effects go, not too bad."
"My GP prescribed this at 10mg up to 3x a day but only as needed. As in when I would start feeling an overwhelming foreshadowing to an anxiety attack. Taken as such, this medication did nothing for me. I only got like a rush of dizziness shortly after taking. So I stopped. A couple of months later I went to visit my psychiatrist on my regular visit and I explained the buspar and dosage I was told. She absolutely disagreed with my GP&#039;s dosage and informed me I should take this drug consistently 3x a day and not just as needed since this needs to build in your system to be effective. I can&#039;t say if this is AS effective for me yet as I was misinformed on dosage from my 1st doc but it&#039;s starting to work better than only taking as needed."
"I am a 41yr old mother of 3 (25,20&amp;10). I am now in the last month of my 2nd Mirena. I absolutely love it!! The minimal issues that I&#039;ve had aren&#039;t enough to stop me from getting #3!"
"Like most with acne as severe as mine normal topical remedies don&#039;t work. When none of the topical treatments worked my mom finally agreed to let me try oral medication. I have tried many (I don&#039;t remember the names) only one worked but it was too expensive for my mom at the time so I had to go off it. So again it got worse and all through my junior year I suffered. Finally my mom again decided she didn&#039;t want my scarring to get any worse so she agreed to put me on Accutane so we could get rid of it once and for all. I&#039;m on my first session and it has started to work. My only noticeable side effect is severe drying of my lips. Other than that I love the results. No more cystic acne, or white heads!"
"So I&#039;ve had the birth control for almost a year now and at first I liked it. I wasn&#039;t getting my periods, and now I&#039;m a mess, I&#039;m emotional over nothing most of the time and get mad so quick and I&#039;m not like that at all. Lately I have been having discharge. It a light cream color and itching like crazy . I don&#039;t get my periods still I just have the after math of them. (the brown ending) but wait there is more. I&#039;m nauseous and dizzy constantly. And I have also noticed a &quot;fishy&quot; smell. I figured it was a yeast infection but they don&#039;t smell. I have been with the same guy for 5 months and have had 6  partners. I didn&#039;t have any of this wrong with me until I got this birth control. Definitely having it taken out."
"I have been taking Phenergan for relief of nausea for years.  When I use to suffer from chronic migraine headaches, Phenergan would not only help with the nausea but also help me sleep and help with the pain.  Several years ago I was in the hospital for a bad post-op bone infection (from a compound fracture) and I had awful nausea and the current drugs of choice couldn&#039;t control it like Phenergan."
"I was given this to take with Zyrtec D for allergies and drainage. It really stops the drainage. I have taken it at night and it helps me sleep but I have taken it during the day and it does not make me sleepy. It really works."
"I had unprotected sex and took plan b within 8 hours. I started feeling sleepy &amp; I had a headache. I had unprotected sex again (this time pull out method) two days after, took another plan b. Started feeling drowsy again. I got my period 3 days after thank God. I will never take that risk again. I highly recommend birth control! Its much cheaper! $50 for one pill is alot. I decided to get on birth control pills and I love it, its wayyy better than plan b."
"I have to admit when I was first perscribed this medication, I was very hesitant to take it. Like with all medications, I didn&#039;t know how this would effect me. And asking doctors and nurses, I still wasn&#039;t sure. After the first time I took it, I felt better than I have had in a long time. I was calm and very relaxed. I had a small headache, that felt like a mild hangover, but that was the only side effect I had. I highly recommend this medicine."
"When I first started taking Geodon, was very very tired all the time and pretty much felt like a zombie. Noticed a rapid increase in appetite and started getting constipated. Within five days, started getting twitches around my mouth and jaw on the seventh day my tongue swollen up, my jaw was locked and had a grape stuck in my mouth (which I was trying to eat). Ended up switching medication. Cant say my experience with it was positive - still have some mouth twitching even now and tightness in the jaw from it. If you start having twitches, tell your doctor IMMEDIATELY! Dont wait, it should be something they (the doctors) warn you about."
"I came into the ER a week-and-a-half ago with gallbladder-related symptoms, was given some Toradol, and this medication completely wiped out my pain.  I was also given the same medication after my gallbladder was removed and had good pain relief postoperatively.  Better than the narcotic meds, that&#039;s for sure!"
"This is magic. I use the injection and in less than five minutes you find the pain disappearing. It is so relieving."
"Amazing, has helped my life so much. Although it is extremely addictive but effective. Maybe should not be first line treatment."
"My advice would be stick with just one tablet because even though the bottle says 1-3, no matter how bad you think you&#039;re constipation is, you do not want to take 3. After 24 hours I got cramps and finally got some relief but then experienced some bad diarrhea. (Note: I&#039;m 15)"
"I have been dealing with anxiety all my life. I thought that was how everyone lived. Last year I had a debilitating episode of anxiety and finally sought help. After hearing my history the doctors wanted me to get on SSRI&#039;s asap. I resisted at first due to fears, but eventually relented. Started with 20mg a day of Paxil, was on that does for three months, and I still had some anxiety. Went up to 30mg and after the new dose kicked in, I have never felt better. It has been a year at 30mg&#039;s and my anxiety is gone, not just health anxiety but social anxiety, money anxiety. My mind finally works the way it was meant to and I owe it all to Paxil. "
"I used the 1 dose pack that has to be mixed in 60 ml of water worked great!"
"I was diagnosed with Lupus 3 yrs. ago.Several months ago,during one of my doctor&#039;s visits, I discussed feeling more pain. He prescribed Lyrica. I was taking 3x daily, changed to twice daily. (I was experiencing &quot;foggy&quot; thinking with 3x daily). I have been VERY pleased with the results I feel."
"After being on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo which gave me little to no issues at all, my insurance no longer covered it and I had to switch to Sprintec. I&rsquo;ve been on it for 2 full months now and I hate it. I never had acne, now I have it all over my face. I used to get a pimple here and there but my chin and cheeks and nose and forehead are covered. I&rsquo;m also feeling depressed and angry often. I&rsquo;m nauseous if I don&rsquo;t eat with it. Ugh. Going to try to stick it out to the 3 month mark... overall it does it&rsquo;s job and I haven&rsquo;t gotten pregnant and my periods are the same."
"I was previously on Cymbalta, 60mg daily, for migraine prevention.  I liked it and had minimal side effects.  I lost my job and am now only on Tricare so the doctor put me on Elavil, 10mg.  He told me to increase the dose by 10mg every four days.  I was drowsy on 10mg and a little less drowsy at 20mg.  As soon as I increased to 30mg I couldn&#039;t sleep and felt shakey during the day. I tried it for four nights and, after about 4 or less hours of sleep each night, I reduced the dose to 20mg.  I noticed my neck pain decreased at the 30mg but I can&#039;t function without any sleep.  I have had two migraines while on the 10 and 20mg doses of this medication.  SSRIs usually make me hyper and get insomnia so I wasn&#039;t surprised."
"I just got this shot 1 week ago and I don&#039;t even notice a difference. I can&#039;t tell I even got it. I have actually been in a better mood since  receiving it. Not everyone I know has had the same experience. So all I can say is it&#039;s worth a shot. No pun intended :)"
"If you&#039;re constipated and you&#039;re considering taking this medication, DON&#039;T. It works at relieving constipation, but the side affects are horrible. Do yourself a favor and Google home remedies for constipation, or visit your local whole food store for help to finding a solution."
"This shot was great the first month. The second and third month I bled the entire time. I&#039;m on day 41 of continuous bleeding."
"I am a huge fan of the Nexplanon (formerly Implanon) and am currently on my 3rd rod. If you have heavy painful periods like I do and cannot take a pill every day for whatever reason, this is the best birth control out there. Trust me, I&#039;ve tried almost all of them. The trick, I think, is getting it switched out before the 3 year deadline. Once you get to 2.5 years or so, your hormone levels get funky and you&#039;ll start having periods again. In the course of the last 7-8 years, none of my gynecologists have had any issues with switching it out early. There&#039;s no extra cost and it just makes sense. Plus, most of the &quot;oops, I&#039;m preggers&quot; stories out there regarding the Nexplanon got pregnant that last year. So, it&#039;s also better safe than sorry!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Buspar for two years to control the symptoms of anxiety.  Buspar has worked well for me.  I had strong physical sensations of anxiety such as a &quot;knot in my stomach&quot; and hot flushes (can&#039;t be menopause because I&#039;m a guy).  Also Buspar helps me control my thoughts that some terrible event is just around the corner and I&#039;ve got to do something to prepare for this unknown event.  I&#039;ve not had any side effects."
"Gave myself the first injection using the Pen earlier this week.  The injection was automatic. Pressed it against my skin, pushed the button, the mechanism clicked and the injection was made.  When finished the mechanism clicked again which withdrew the needle. It was almost painless. Will repeat in two weeks and get blood tests in a few months to see if it works."
"I take this for borderline personality disorder. This medication helped a lot with my mood swings, anger, purging (but not binging), as well as keeping my somewhat delusional &#039;thoughts&#039; in check (such as thinking that I am morbidly obese, an evil person, that people are following me, etc). It did make me very tired at first (and still does a little), it is somewhat related to weight gain as well, though less than most other antipsychotics, and I have gained 10-15lbs so far (in 2 months). Overall, I think this medication is pretty good, despite the weight gain and fatigue."
"Female age 67.  I presented at an eye exam (March 2016) with freakishly high BP. (266/177)  That doctor sent me to a nearby clinic immediately after the exam.  That physician prescribed 100Mg Losartan and 25 mg Metoprolol.  A month later I had a heart attack.  I now monitor my pressure twice daily at random times.  Average (145/80)  Four months ago, I became vegan.  No meat, fish, dairy, eggs or oil.  BP started plummeting about 2 weeks into it.  About a month ago started noticing BP much lower than usual, (120/71) this is a good thing, but feeling faint after eating (90/66) is not.  It seems that this is likely a postprandial issue since it doesn&#039;t happen if I snack throughout the day.  Recently having issues with insomnia though."
"I have been on this pill for less then a month, I&#039;m at the end of the 3rd active week and this whole week I been spotting and cramping and some discharge that I never had problems with before. I was on mononessa for almost 2 years previously, my pharmacy changed it without my consent they told me it was the same but its not. While on it the first week I got super depressed and was moody and its gotten worse now that its the third week I&#039;m constantly annoyed and more moody then usual. I do take another script for PMDD that usually keeps my moods in line. But this birth control has screwed up with my balance all around. I can&#039;t wait to get back on mononessa for next month. I woudn&#039;t recommend this to any female who is overly sensitive&amp; emotional"
"Night mares."
"Developed pneumonia after a bad case of influenza that kept increasing my fever over 8 days. Almost went to the ER as I have another neurological condition, but was able to see my doctor again. Pneumonia has developed and Avelox was prescribed along with the continuation of my other medicines. As my voice had not been present for days, I had noticed a huge improvement within 12hrs already. I would say for me and my other health concerns and for not having much of an appetite during this illness, this medicine is bringing me back to normal fast. Good luck to whomever needs this and needs to feel better ASAP."
"Clear for the first time in adult history"
"I am currently on this medicine for an inflamed sinus cavity, with 2 more days left. I have been experiencing HORRIBLE backaches to the point of wearing a heating pad on my back the past 3 days, the stomach cramps, constipation, fatigue, extreme thirst, UTI like symptoms and insomnia I&#039;ve been experiencing!! I didn&#039;t know would happen, my pharmacist didn&#039;t really mention all of these side effects to me when I got this pill. Anyways though, I have NOT been able to breathe out of the one nostril and the other was barely open too which makes for a very difficult night of sleep however, this pill has done wonders! Within the second day I was able to breathe and lay on my one side which is something I haven&#039;t been able to do in a long time!"
"I&#039;ve been on Apri for about six months now and it&#039;s been a rollercoaster. This is the first birth control that I have experience with, so I decided to give it 5 stars because it&#039;s done some good for me and some not so good. I have had bad acne for the past 10+ years, so when I first started taking Apri and the acne subsided I was thrilled. I like having regular, track-able periods, but I suppose you&#039;d have that with any birth control. The downside is the absolutely AWFUL mood swings, and I mean awful. I&#039;m typically a very happy, joke-y person, but while on this medication I&#039;ve noticed that I can get into funks of terrible irritability and sadness for no reason. I will be discussing different options with my doctor next time I see her."
"Third day on this medicine, it&#039;s crazy how things are going. I used to wake up and an hour later be exhausted. Barely make it through 2 hours of college and go home and sleep 5 hours until work and sleep right after work. The past couple of days I&#039;ve been able to stay awake through a movie, stay up for my favorite T.V show, do homework and laundry after school, be more attentive at my job and I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m on speed."
"Had a small accident early hours of 18th June took ella on 19th June at 10am then today 20th June started bleeding considering I&#039;m only 14 days in to my cycle so its my normal ovulation time was recommended to take ella one 
Had no reactions when I took tablet this morning slight cramping then came on so doing as its supposed to 

It is the first accident we&#039;ve had since my daughter arrived so don&#039;t want another baby just yet"
"Horrible. I was put on it right after the birth of my 2nd son for anxiety. It took me 2 years to realize that the Zoloft was the cause of my increased desire to drink (I would drink a bottle of whiskey and think nothing of it, and before Zoloft, that never would have happened), weight gain (over 30 lbs) and overall depersonalized and foggy feeling. I felt like a robot going through the motions. I became very lazy (I am a go-go-go person. Never have I been lazy in my life) and it negatively affected my relationships with my husband and kids. I was just disinterested in everything. I was really unhappy. I never thought it was the Zoloft, I just thought I was a stressed, tired and burned out mom... I&#039;ve successfully weaned off and will never take it again"
"This product freaking rocks! I&#039;m 21 and currently on Clomid. I just got the WORST yeast infection of my life, because of my hormones and this stuff saved me! I took it the same day I got the yeast infection, and 2 days later I&#039;m cured! I recommend this product of you&#039;re not sensative. I had no issues"
"I use it after a few bad nights of sleep.  It has provided a good night&#039;s sleep but it is a drug and I would prefer to use a natural remedy, if I could find one.  I am looking at Restaid but it is rated second best after Solumin"
"I was prescribed Gildess FE 1-20 after a couples years of being on Nexplanon (the 3-yr arm implant) to help regulate my extremely irregular periods and random outbreaks of terrible acne. I&#039;m 22 and have never had bad acne ever until I got the implant taken out and my hormones went psycho. I was literally all over the place emotionally and physically. However, while I have only been on this pill a few weeks, it has literally helped tremendously. My skin is almost completely cleared up and my period --so far-- seems back to normal. The only downside I&#039;m experiencing is increased hunger almost all the time and a lingering tiredness that no amount of coffee seems to eliminate. Hoping these side effects minimize after prolonged use. thumbs up!"
"I have taken this pill for about 8 months, and I have had no problems with it. Until about 2 months ago, I started to spot in between periods and I get really bad cramps if I don&#039;t take my pill on time or if I skip a day, I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s because of that reason but let me tell ya this pain is killing me. The pain usually happens when I&#039;m spotting. Other than that I love this birth control!"
"This medicine has surely taught me how to take a pill without letting it touch your mouth. However I still can not escape the  awful taste in my mouth all the time, kinda  metallic like. I&#039;ve also found it&#039;s a must to eat with taking medicine, when I don&#039;t eat it comes right back and I have to throw up. With food feels like I&#039;m on a  laxative  as often as I have to poop,  not diarrhea though luckily.  Also, I&#039;m  pretty nauseous 70% of the day well on this Pill.  I said all of that to say taking this medicine has been the worst experience I&#039;ve had with antibiotic.  On the flipside I&#039;m on the day three and no longer have symptoms of BV.  This is my second time taking this yr each time 500mg 2x7 days"
"Lamictal, I feel it has truly helped with ONLY my depression (why I rated a 10), and not with my mania. I actually feel a bit more inpatient with situations and anger grows stronger faster. I have also read that this medication can actually make mania worse."
"I take this for dizziness which is caused by a prescription medicine I take and it takes dizziness away and helps with anxiety! Non drowsy formula is a better ingredient than the original and only makes me slightly tired! Great medicine!"
"I only had issues with acne and a few headaches. With the headache I would just take asprin and it went away. I would washed my face 3x a day and I still couldn&#039;t keep the break outs under control. So I am switching back to my old pills after being on these for 90 days. I had no spotting, no mood swings or any other side effects. I am 31, eat healthy, work out 4 times a week and the pills were free to me per my insurance so that&#039;s why I tried them. Hope this info helps you decide if this pill is right for you.  I would still use them but at 31 acne is not a good look for me."
"I&#039;m 47 years old  In July I weighed 243 pounds.   So, I started watching how much I was eating and by Sept.15th I was down to 136 pounds.  But I was stuck, no movement at all.  I went to my doctor and she recommended Contrave.  I started taking it Friday, Sept.18th so if the side effects were bad, I wouldn&#039;t experience them at work.  It&#039;s October 9th and I weigh 229.  Not bad for 3 weeks. I eat when I&#039;m hungry.  I keep a decent snack with me so I can eat it so I&#039;m not famished at the next meal.  People are starting to notice.  I&#039;m going to add exercise to see what happens.  30 minutes 4 days a week. I never had the energy to do so before. Minor side effects.  Headaches &amp; constipation.  The first day I took it I felt really weird."
"Helps with daytime alertness and ADD"
"I have been taking this medication for approximately l month  and have lost  23 pounds.  Have not had to take the tablet at night because I am not hungry.  I do have a little more energy but am having trouble with sleep.  It did cause me to have severe constipation.  My doctor told me to take pericolace. It is very expensive so I bought the cheaper equivalent.  I take one in the AM and 1 in the PM.  I take a bundle of medications which also cause constipation, tiredness, sleepiness, drowsiness.  So, I don&#039;t think the Contrave is  the problem, but it did add to it. I do forget to eat and am worried about getting enough protein. So, I bought ENSURE.  I seem to have more energy and forget to eat because I am not hungry."
"I&#039;ve had daily chronic migs for over 39 years now &amp; have tried everything under the sun. Although Topamax doesn&#039;t get rid of my migs it allows them to be manageable. When they not, Imitrex is there. I LIVE on those two. Yes, Topamax has its side effects; I esp like the one where I forget words and objects. I&#039;ve been on it for about 6 years now &amp; although it doesn&#039;t work the best, it works better than anything else i&#039;ve been on. I take 400 mgs daily. Have a pos outlook on life, it helps a lot!!  :o)"
"I&#039;m coming to the end of one year on this medication. It has worked very well for me, causing almost a 50 pound weight loss. I went from the initial low 3+ mg dose to a 11.25 mg. Some things I noticed while taking this medication:

*High irritability/moodiness/depression for the first 2-3 days after increasing doses (I&#039;m also on Citalopram)
*I&#039;ve lost this weight without having to change my diet or add exercise. It has simply decreased my appetite.
*Now that I&#039;m stepping down the dosage, I&#039;m experiencing high levels of hunger and am gaining roughly five pounds per week (consistent for the past 2-3 weeks)"
"I wanted to share my experience with Prozac for those that are perhaps just starting out, letting them know, that it does in fact, get much better. I have had pretty bad anxiety since childhood and also the symptoms of PMDD for a few years now also.  To the point that I would schedule events around when I was going to have PMS, because it made me so unable to deal with anything at all.  I was snapping at people, got easily frustrated with my children, and would feel very down on myself in general.

Since going on Prozac approximately 7 weeks ago, I went through a very anxious phase, but the last two weeks have been amazing. I have never felt this happy or calm. I am on 30mg, with no plans to stop."
"I was nervous to get on this pill because of the reviews but I started anyways. I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 3 months &amp; I guess I&#039;m one of the lucky ones that has not experienced the bad side effects. This pill actually made my sex drive increase, and it does its job well. Only con is that I do break out a lot when it&#039;s time to take the 7 inactive pills but once I start the active pills my acne clears &amp; it&#039;s also cleared all my back acne!  No mood swings, no vomiting, no nausea, no weight gain (I do workout most days of the week), no fatigue, no cravings,  like I said I&#039;m one of the lucky ones. Best birth control I&#039;ve been on."
"An intro: I was dealt a traumatic brain injury that landed me in a coma for 19 days some years back. I&#039;ve faced issues such as anger, paranoia, suspicion so bad. I wouldn&#039;t trust my own doctor! That went on for well &#039;over&#039; a decade before I heard about Low T. Then I researched, arranged an appointment, had lab work done to find out Low and Behold; I was dealing with a case of Low T, on a big scale. Within the 1st 2 weeks of therapy, differences were like night and day! I honestly have not felt this good, or more with life in general since being on Androgel. I&#039;m finishing up month number five with regular lab tests and point blank: I feel great! More energy with a tremendous relief of many symptoms."
"This medication is awesome. I have been an alcoholic for 12 yrs. It has been 2 weeks since my last drink. It helps with mood swings, depression, and cravings. The best thing about it is it is not addictive (non narcotic)."
"I have been on Savella for 3 weeks now for fibromyalgia. I have had good results overall. I feel much better. I have debilitating exhaustion much less frequently now. I have made it through entire work weeks, 2 weeks in a row now.  I have had a couple of days that I felt almost normal and was able to do things like light housework and laundry after an 8 hour work day!  I have had some side effects like headaches, trouble regulating my body temp and heavy duty sweating at times (while my hands and feet are freezing!), and some feelings of skin crawling. Unfortunately I have also experienced some sexual side effects hopefully that will go away. I can live with the other effects."
"Does not last like yellow norco"
"Malarone is as safe as you can get. I have used it for 12 months without any symptom at all from the medicine or the parasite. My wife has taken it for 7 months and likewise no problem at all. The best part, while 12 colleagues have fallen and become hospitalized with the prevailing malaria in West Africa they were not taking any anti-malarial."
"Miralax was a lifesaver for me. I was nearly hospitalized because constipation had caused aspiration pneumonitis and greatly worsened my GERD and asthma. I was losing weight, though I was already underweight, because I couldn&#039;t eat many meals, and I was also having chronic moderate/severe abdominal pain. The miralax worked amazingly for me, although it took some time (a week, 2 capfuls 2x daily, though now I do 2 once a day).
My brother experienced problems with it though. He started with 1 capful and was vomiting all night. However, he went to &frac12; capful and slowly titrated up to 2, and now PRN
Overall: Highly effective, but variable side effect profile.
Insurance only covered bc I was taking such large doses, otherwise they will not."
"Put on Tikosyn (while in hospital) for 24 hours post cardiac ablation for A-fib.  Doctors did not like the looks of the QT wave after 12 hours and reduced dosage by half.  Doctors were still alarmed with EKG results after reduced dosage and 12 more hours; discontinued medication at that time.  

Next time someone tells me they want to put me on a medication so scary it requires extra days in the Hospital, more blood tests and EKGs in the middle of the night - and the possibility it could cause sudden cardiac arrest and death...... Decline!  Just sayin."
"I initially thought this medication might work. I woke up only 2-3 times each night for the first week and during the day felt I had a bit more control over my bladder. I now think that was merely wishful thinking. Last night (day 5 on the medication), I was up FIVE times. In addition, I have experienced weight gain of 3 pounds and in spite of REALLY wanting it to work, I am still having urge incontinance.   This medication is garbage and the manufacturers are laughing all the way to bank. Over $1000.00 for a 3 month supply ($90.00 after insurance)and I am willing to toss it in the trash. That&#039;s what I think about Vesicare."
"My four year old daughter has eczema. And we used it while her skin was for the most part clear and her face broke out with a rash, which she rarely gets a patch on her face but this was full blown all over her face. She looked like she was sun burned. And her eczema broke out all over her skin as usual but either the medicine did not work or it aggravated it more because this was her worst breakout ever. Redness everywhere in larger patches than usual and redder than usual. I had to go back to the steroid cr&eacute;eme to clear it off. How disappointing. I just tried it again last night and her face has broken out and gotten red over night."
"I have been dealing with a high-conflict court battle on and off for 8 years. Two years ago I went to my Doctor because the stress was getting so bad my hair started falling out (adrenals depleted, onto hypothyriodism - what a mess). He put me on Zoloft which I only stayed on until I could go off. I wasn&#039;t depressed I was panicked, anxiety attacks, palpitations, etc., have no idea why he put me on Zoloft instead of Valium. Well we started our next round of court battles since I guess the ex isn&#039;t done annihilating me yet and same thing, panic, irritability, unable to think straight, thoughts swirling. A friend gave me a few 10mg Valiums and I couldn&#039;t believe how much they helped. I could actually THINK without freaking out! Awesome."
"I&#039;m 22 and I had Implanon inserted August 2007. It&#039;s been almost 2 years and I&#039;m going to have it removed next week . I LOVED not having to think about taking pills but the irregular bleeding has been a huge pain. I was so bad with birth control pills that this was a great option for me though. I bled for 2 months straight during first year. This year it has slowed down. I won&#039;t put this back in due to the bleeding and I would like to stop taking hormonal birth control all together. I am wondering if I gained weight from it or if it was just me gaining weight. Not sure about the mood swings either maybe I was just emotional. If you just got it, give it time. The cons are worth it."
"I was on Phentermine 3 Years ago and lost 150lbs in a year and a half.  I worked out and because it curbs your appetite I could eat healthier.  You really need to work out and use it as a tool to help you with your new lifestyle because if you don&#039;t the weight WILL come back on plus more.  I kept it off for 3 years but then had a job change that kept me from going to the gym in the morning &amp; afternoons and didn&#039;t work out with the kids. I gained 150 lbs back in 3 years.  I just started again on 08/12 and have lost 25lbs. I haven&#039;t got into a steady gym routine now but it&#039;s motivated me to go to the gym in the afternoons.  I chose a different center for the gym because my kids can play basketball or swim while I work out."
"I just stated saxenda 2 days ago, no side effects yet. However I have to force myself to eat. I am not hungry at all.... no desire to eat."
"I have been on this for two months. I had no spotting and the only side effect that i had was a slightly more painful period. I would recommend this for you it has worked great for me."
"Had Total Knee on Left, Supartz and other shots did not work. Right Knee is worse then left and My Dr.suggested Euflexxa. Fairly new on market, at least since my previous TKR. By the second shot, pain begin to alleviate noticably. And after 3rd shot, even better.
I am know in my 3rd year and about to get shot 3. Amazing results from Euflexxa. They relief lasts 11-12 months. Mr Dr. is pleased, especially since my X-rays show the degeneration has worsened. I am currently 68 yrs old. I wish Euflexxa was around when I had my TKR on the left knee.
Now, only if I could get them in my shoulders. OA is progessing there also."
"I am still in tears from my wisdom teeth popping in, and I was prescribed this medicine which does NOTHING at all for my pain. Aleve helps a little, but I stopped taking these as it don&#039;t work. "
"I got Skyla inserted about 6 months ago, &amp; although I psyched myself out, it was absolutely painless. When the OB-GYN said she was finished, I asked if that was it, because the only think I felt was pressure, &amp; maybe a 1 in pain. What I hated most about it was that I spotted for about 4-5 months and being someone that never spots, it got a little irritating.. Since starting Skyla, I have gotten some random breakouts, especially on my chin, &amp; I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s from the BC, or if it&#039;s just natural because I would sporadically breakout before, &amp; although it&#039;s a bit more prevalent. Other than that, I feel like the hormones are having their way with me, but again, I&#039;m not sure what % Skyla contributes to that and what % is just me."
"I&#039;ve had some trouble doing a BM so I decided to take this pill. Took two, not much happened (a small BM) and I went to bed. 2:00 am rolls around and I have INCREDIBLE stomach cramps and pain coming in and out-- I felt like I was giving BIRTH! Tried to do it on my own but to no avail, ran out to the cabinet and got a third pill. Worked well in the end, but I just wonder if the two before bed was the cause of my upset stomach and crampage! 
In the end, it was totally worth it. I&#039;m at ease for the night and that&#039;s all that matters."
"This is my third month into Trinessa. I can&#039;t say I hate it, and definitely can&#039;t say I love it. During my first 2 weeks I experienced very awful breast tenderness (making roller coasters at the time not a pleasant experience) and some nausea and major headaches. My first period on this was a little hellish, but my periods before the pill were 8 long, heavy days. I was put on this pill for my acne. Before the pill, I always got acne before and after my period on my forehead (cystic) and when I started this pill I started only getting whiteheads (which is doable). It&#039;s the week after my period, and for 3 long weeks I&#039;ve had awful cystic acne on my chin and forehead. I am planning to give the pill at least 3 more months."
"The first time I went on birth control, the doctor gave me a one-month trial pack of this along with a prescription. I didn&#039;t have any problems or side effects. The only thing worth noting is that I basically never got my period on this, which can be worrisome for obvious reasons. But it never failed me, so I stopped worrying after awhile. I gained a true appreciation for this pill after a switch in job/insurance caused the price go up and I had to switch to a generic. There&#039;s no generic for this, so my doctor gave me what was supposed to be the most similar thing - Microgestin FE. So many side effects with that - moody/depressed/tired, acne, headaches, bloating, etc. So I went back to Lo Loestrin FE, it&#039;s worth the cost."
"I&#039;ve been taking a very low dose of Seroquel (1/2 tab, 12.5 mg I think) off and on for several months now, for anxiety, depression and insomnia (off-label).  It is the most effective sleep inducer I have every taken.  The problem for me is that the effects lasts for about 36 hours, not just 8!  The whole next day is low-energy, although it is also low anxiety.  So it is good when you absolutely need to recover sleep or take a break, but I cannot use it on a regular basis at all and continue to function at work etc."
"I suffer from indoor allergies especially during the winter.  I also have a cat that I love and will not get rid of just because I am stuffy and blowing my nose in the morning.  When Nasacort began being advertised a lot recently due to it now being available Over The Counter I decided to try it. I was amazed to find that after just using it once at night (since I feel the worst upon waking up) I woke to open sinuses and not once did I need to blow my nose!  Wow!  I have been using it now for about 4 days and it continues to work fantastically all day.  I work in a school and sometimes the air is so dry and irritating and I will have sneezing fits.  I feel great at work and my nose and sinuses are never a problem at all during the day."
"After breaking my back three times, I ended up with ankylosing spondylitis, scoliosis and kyphosis. All major degenerative spinal diseases and cause for great endless pain. Coping is the hard part. I have been on Oxycontin, morphine and several other neural analgesics. All these did was make me nauseous, constipated and robbed me of at least 20 IQ points. Shear tenacity and methocarbamol has given me control over chronic pain with minimal ingestion 500 mg for three days. If I&#039;m still good, carry on till required again maybe in a week or two. Best part I got most of my marbles back again. It has taken 10 years of medicines to finally find methocarbamol and thanks to it I can cope."
"Hi all I&#039;ve started this medication about six weeks ago after 9 years on Venlafaxine 75mg, the Venlafaxine had terrible side effects if you missed one tablet boy did it remind you. 
The first few days on Sirtraline seemed ok but then followed sickness and stomach pains and severe anxiety. I&#039;ve just upped my dose to 100mg two days ago and feel like hell, racing thoughts, anxiety, on edge, just want to shut myself away but can&#039;t because of my job and kids, it&#039;s truly heartbreaking. 
My doctor doesn&#039;t know I&#039;ve upped my dose I needed to act as could feel myself crashing. I&#039;ve had CBT and that was great whilst you have the treatment but then all that support just stopps and your going it alone again. 
I just hope this will start working soon."
"Hi!  When my Dr put me on this I was upset with my weight I have a lot of health problems the number 1# of them is rheumatoid arthritis I have had it for little over 13 year&#039;s and I&#039;m just 36 it has took over my life I can&#039;t get out and do much so for over the past five years I have picked up A LOT of weight and it has drove me insane June 5th 2018 at 277lb I get the pill one a day go back July 5th at 264lb gives me for this month 2 a day so August 4th at 246lb down 31 pound&#039;s Love it no problem with it Other then DRY mouth I&#039;m still on it 2 a day"
"Bipolar with major depression disorder."
"I loved this medication. It really worked for me, however I had to up my does because I didn&#039;t feel motivated anymore but that was more of my depression, not the medication. I stopped taking his medication because it is incredibly expensive. My insurance would only let me get a 3 month supply at a time and they kept raising the price of my medication so I ended up paying $174 for 3 months. Might not seem like a lot but it is. Especially since I HAVE TO take this medication. I can&#039;t just not take it. It was too expensive and there wasn&#039;t any other generic kinds so I switched to Zoloft. Way more affordable. Good medication but you&#039;re gonna lose customers if you don&#039;t change the price."
"I had asked my doc to change my medicine from Loxapine to something else that would allow me to get back to my baseline weight.  In 3 months, didn&#039;t see any movement towards my baseline weight.  I have been exercising (weights + cardio) for 1.5-2 hrs a day 6 days a week during this time as well while maintaining a pretty disciplined high protein diet.  My body fat % came down from 22% to 20% in a couple of months, but hasn&#039;t gone lower after that.  It&#039;s disheartening to see all that hard work yielding not so great results, which further affects my motivation to exercise considering I&#039;m not seeing any more results.  So this med hasn&#039;t been weight neutral for me (compared to baseline wt.) although I didn&#039;t gain any more weight on it either."
"I&#039;ve had RLS most of my life and have been on and tried many things. The first few days on this med seemed to work...until it didn&#039;t and my legs got much worse. My legs are extremely bad to the point I don&#039;t sleep for weeks. I cry at night it&#039;s that bad."
"My starting weight was 252. Started taking Belviq first month was maybe 7 lb loss then the lbs starting dropping. To date I weight 210 my goal is 180. I also cut out all white food, no fast food, soda or candy. I also do 3 days at the gym. Went from a 52 mens suit to a 44 regular men&#039;s . The first week I did have a headache and dizzy."
"Oh my! I have experienced bloating, gas and abdominal pain since taking this medicine.  The infection does not seem to be clearing up and I only have one day left of a 7 day course of 500mg twice a day.  I am tired, have insomnia; and will not take this again.  My abdominal pain is extreme! I have been up since 3am and took it this morning; immediately took a bulking laxative after, to put something in my stomach. Will see if this helps!"
"This pill is ok. But it causes severe cramping. And mood swings. Irritability and crying  seem to be a big issue I couldn&#039;t deal with. I was hungry all the time. Severe abdominal bloating was associated. Not sure if it was water weight or what. But I eat well. Normally no sugar in my diet. Run 2 miles a day 5 days a week and a ton of water. But this pill made me gain weight. 
After 6 months I got off and have switched to nuvaring. I love it no side effects this far."
"got a YI and two days later tried this product to cure it. agree with most the responses. OW! itchy and annoying. inserted at midnight and all the next day felt like my vagina was chaffing and this sht gave me gnarly discharge all day! like TONS of gross discharge. not to mention i was on a 9 hr flight while receiving this stuff in my underwear....such a horrible experience. but now its been 36 hrs since inserting the meds and its improved by about 60%. would reccomend the 3day treatment. thats always worked for me in the past. ive been so itchy!!!"
"Clomid did what it was supposed to do as far as making me ovulate.  However, I experienced a lot of pain, fullness, and bloating during ovulation time.  I also gained 10  pounds during the 3 months that I took Clomid.  "
"I have been on it a few months, with great results for my ADD. I have greater concentration and am up getting things done, instead of vegging in front of the tube. The major drawback has been sweating. I was getting chills and sweating a lot! Originally thought it could be hormones, but not after reading others&#039; comments matching my symptoms. I was jittery at first, but now smooth sailing. I tell lots of people how happy I am with the results. I loved Welbutrin but am allergic."
"I used Chantix for about 2 weeks and the side effects were horrible; depression, insomnia, anxiety, etc. But it did get me to quit smoking. You could attribute those symptoms to quitting, since they are common symptoms of stopping smoking, but I will nip that argument in the bud. I was an emotional wreck, barely able to function at all. Cold turkey wouldn&#039;t be as intense as what I experienced on Chantix. I would recommend Chantix as a last resort for anyone wanting to quit smoking."
"I had to get on here and post my intense side effects that I haven&#039;t read anywhere as being all that common.  First of all, I&#039;m only on day 5 and still smoking as usual.  But the past couple days I&#039;ve been in soooo much physical pain its almost unbearable! My back, neck, and knees hurt so bad since starting chantix and this isn&#039;t listed as a side effect, but I&#039;ve never had this problem before and I&#039;m only 31. Also, the fatigue is so bad I&#039;m nodding off while reading, watching movies, even driving! I&#039;m really trying to stick it out and telling myself it&#039;s just my body adjusting to a new medication, but I&#039;m not sure how much longer I can deal with this!"
"So I had unprotected sex on June 20th took the pill right after we did it. The only side effects I had was only nausea and dizziness, also tiredness but it only last for a day for me. And my expected date for my period is July 6 and of course it did came but really bad cramps."
"It doesn&#039;t seem to work for me I still have urgency problems and my bladder still feels like its not relaxing at all."
"I switched from Zoloft and Seroquel to Brintellix 10mg. At first i noticed I had more enegry. I also have itchiness and some upset stomach but that goes away. those of you without insurance or with it and it wont pay enough ask your dr about patient assistance forms. Waiting to see how it helps since I lost my job."
"I have been on Lamotrigine for 3 months for treatment on Rapid Cycling Bipolar II.  I&#039;m currently on 150 mg. This medicine has been amazing.  I tried Wellbutrin - which made me full of rage and even violent and Abilify - which made me excessively more impulsive (gambling, drinking, smoking - all of which I would normally not do).
Lamotrigine has been a God-send.  The cycling has slowed to a near halt.  I have a few mild down cycles, but they are few and far between and subside quickly.  I have been able to concentrate better.  It has even had the pleasant side-effect of helping to reduce my anxiety. The only negative side effects for me are nausea for the first few days and intense headaches for the first week after increased dosages."
"I have had nexplanon for almost a month now and I am experiencing sharp pain shooting up my arm into my left breast. It is also burning my arm. Every now and again it will stick out my arm and it looks like a knot in my arm. If my shirt touches it the wrong way it will start hurting really bad. I got it put in on Sept 15 and I have started bleeding 7 times since I have had it"
"Based on results of a urine culture, I was put on this medication.  I have taken 4 pills.  While at work today, my tongue was feeling like I just took a big bite of piping hot pizza.  The burning feeling was quite intense and  I had not eaten anything that might have caused this.  I also had numbness of my lips.  The last pill I took was at 7:30 am and I still have intense burning and a bit of numbness.  I was puzzled and decided to look up side effects of this new medication because it was the only thing newly exposed to my body.  Since these problems were listed in your side effects listing, I will immediately discontinue using it."
"I&#039;m 21, 5&#039;8 and about 225.So far, I feel very on the fence about this pill. I&#039;ve only been taking it for 11 days. I started the pack on the first Sunday of my period as directed and I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding. The flow is light, but I&#039;ve still experienced some cramps and fatigue. Extreme cramping is why I started this pill. So far I haven&#039;t had that many side effects, um..moodiness a little, anxiety and irritability. But none more than I&#039;ve experienced in the past. No irregular leg pain or stomach issues. Slight nausea maybe 20 minutes prior time for me to take my pill. I&#039;m taking mine at 1 pm everyday. Sex drive HAS decreased. And my skin is fine, no acne. My breasts however are swollen, but not tender."
"I&#039;ve been on every ADHD medication under the sun. After heavily abusing adderall and lying to my doctors, I broke out in a huge body rash that went all the way up to my face. I didn&#039;t like the way adderall made me feel. Like a zombie. I was wide awake, felt euphoric, but I didn&#039;t do anything. I just sat there for hours chainsmoking while on my phone. I decided to try straterra. I love it! It does everything adderall did minus the tweaky stimulant effect. And, I can&#039;t abuse it :) my adhd is under control,  my depression disappeared, and I feel like myself again."
"I&#039;d be lying if I said this was the first time I&#039;ve taken Plan B due to a sexy time slip up.  In fact, it&#039;s the third. The first was 10 years ago (when it wasn&#039;t OTC and 2 pills). The most recent was Dec 18th, which, by the the was ovulation day, I didn&#039;t realize until after the fact. I took Plan B maybe two hours afterwards.  Over the weekend I was super fatigued and crampy as well.  The following week I felt fine.  My period was to come on New Years Eve, that Monday the cramps started back up on Tuesday I was spotting.  On NYE my period started and ended on the 4th.  Today, I noticed a little bit of spotting, but I&#039;ve had that happen before with Plan B. So, not preggers and SO is finally calling about a vasectomy."
"I have been on kolonopin for almost a year now &amp; it has been an absolute life saver! I had horrible panic attacks, scared to drive, couldn&#039;t even go shopping without getting dizzy and anxious.  Anxiety has taken over my life, the panic attacks are so scary I thought I was going to die. I&#039;m very greatful to have this medicine.  I&#039;ve heard of problems with dependency but I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it, I&#039;m also on zoloft &amp; I feel like I have my life back!"
"Took a 50 mg last night before bedtime for the 1st time. Woke up like a zombie, my top lip numb, in a fog, soda taste metallic. I can&#039;t function on this medicine. I function better with migraines. I am a receptionist, and about to fall asleep at my desk."
"I have had an erratic sleep schedule since the end of January of this year.  I had been taking trazodone and it just wasn&#039;t working anymore.  I talked to my Dr.  She suggested Sonata.  I was desperate for a good nights sleep.  I took 1 last night. I believe it is a good idea to relax before you take it.  I slept for 3 to 4 hours. But still felt the calming effect of it and went right back to bed.  Not a full nights,  but hey,  it was better.  I think if we sit and wait for a pill to kick it,  it makes us tense.  I&#039;m going to continue on.  I believe in a weeks time,  I will have a pattern back.  Don&#039;t give up so easily after 1 night.  Give it a chance.  "
"I have only been on this medication for 3 weeks. Already I am an emotional mess. I&#039;m exhausted all the time. Not to mention me and my husband were having sex almost everyday. My first week on it I didn&#039;t even want him to touch me. He said I seem detached. We tried I cant even get turned on. No sex drive what so ever. For the sake of my relationship and my sanity I have decided to stop taking it..."
"Since the age of 11 I suffered with cystic acne and later in life I had cysts on my face, chest, back and breasts, and inner thighs. Constant blood and drainage of pus was a regular everyday event for me. After being prescribed Accutane my life changed. Nothing had ever worked. I used every soap, cream and antibiotic known to man with no results whatsoever. My acne went away and stayed away. It was like a miracle! Later in life I was put on the generic form and was not pleased at all. It did nothing."
"Very positive experience.

I had previously used depo shots, so I knew going in that I would not have any harsh side effects. No headaches, spotting, weight gain or anything of that nature. Just a tiny dot scar where they inserted it. 

The entire process was quick and painless (I went to a very upscale and reputable establishment)."
"I have been using this drug for 5 days. I have pneumonia and bronchitis. My cough is better and I am beginning to cough up mucus. My only problem is that I am very tired and want to sleep a lot. I have 5 more days and we will see."
"I&#039;m back on my journey. I started belviq Jan 3, 2017 start weight 372.4 I weight in every Monday week 1 down 11.4lb to 361,week 2  354 down 7lb,week 3 weigh in Monday morning will post up date.This comes from the HEART, before I drank so much coke it was shameful and ate how I wanted.  I had to change my way of thinking about food. I count calories like a mathematician, the loose it app is my holy grail. I know this is a journey.  Thank goodness  for the weight that will to come off. Don&#039;t give up under any measure."
"I was prescribed 20 mg of Cymbalta three days ago.  The agonizing pain in my knees is virtually gone. Not kidding! All the negative posts almost made me quit. Don&#039;t give up. I was offended that my doctor prescribed this medication as it is an antidepressant. I convinced myself I wasn&#039;t suffering depression I was suffering from chronic pain. Come on people! Who, if you are in chronic pain isn&#039;t depressed? I couldn&#039;t do anything anymore. I couldn&#039;t get out in the garden, couldn&#039;t cook for my family, couldn&#039;t walk up or down stairs without leaning on the rails. I know it&#039;s too soon to tell but I know it is doing what ever it&#039;s suppose to do in my brain to cut out the pain."
"Aderrall has really helped me stay alert and concentrate, as I have chronic pain issues which leave me sleepy and unfocused.  I have the energy to enjoy life again.  I do have difficulty sleeping, and also since I do not take XR can &quot;crush&quot; it  if I forget my second dose. I have noticed it makes me most irritable and difficult to be around.  This side effect seems to have waned over time, but I am still occasionally cranky when it wears off."
"I&#039;m a 39 year old female and started taking this medicine a little over a year ago. It took a good month before I started feeling like myself again. I&#039;ve been on and off antidepressants since the age of 18 and this is one of the better ones. I hope to stay on this for a long time, even though I am trying to get pregnant and was told by Psychiatrist and OBGYN that I need to stop taking it during the 2nd trimester because it&#039;s a category C drug. Like any other antidepressant, if you miss a dose, you WILL feel withdrawal symptoms. For me that means gastrointestinal problems and tiredness. Also, it is VERY expensive; my insurance doesn&#039;t cover. "
"Gave me diarrhea, dizziness, nausea, stomach cramps, and even some numbness in tongue/face. Worse than the cough. Never again."
"I take Probenecid twice daily and have for over 15yrs.  It&#039;s rare to have a gout attack, maybe a mild one once per year.  I haven&#039;t had a disabling attack since I started taking it."
"Love it...I use the product once a week..."
"I don&#039;t understand why this medication is not doing one thing for me? I know it works for everyone and yet for me, I just don&#039;t feel anything except that I want to smoke. I have cheated a little but I am trying. I think I would be just as good trying to quit on my own. I am disappointed because I was so excited to get this medication finally."
"My experience with Dilaudid is Amazing,  I have Severe Chronic Pain due to an Autonomic Dysfunction called Dysautonomia, I have tried MANY MANY other pain meds. even had nerve blocks &amp; injections but nothing worked. I would recommend Dilaudid to Anyone experiencing severe pain because it works 100% (at least for me it did but then again everyone is different)"
"This medication caused my eyes to swell, sacks like fluid under each one, dried my skin all around both eyes and caused redness. After 3 days my eyes started to itch. Returned to the doctor after 2 days and was told to use cold compresses and Benadryl for 5 days. It has been four days and the swelling and dry skin is still around the eyes."
"The depo shot is very effective. I started it because any other birth control I tried to use I either gained weight, became moody, or had a period for a very long stretch of time. My doctor suggested this and it has worked very well. I used to have 10-14 day periods that were very heavy and I had severe cramps. With the depo shot, I have very light, 2 day periods. The only bad thing I can say is that my periods are very irregular. But in all honesty, for two days all I have to wear is a panty liner and I have no cramps. I would highly suggest this to people who are looking for a lighter, cramp free menstral cycle."
"I love this kind of Xopenex its great works for me  No any Side effect cause Tremor, shaking, nervous, heart race, etc. thats much better than altboutel..  Keep this for a great for people suffer asthma!  Stars 10!"
"I took this 2 hours after the condom broke, I got my period only 1 day late. I&#039;m very happy with this product. the first few days I was drowsy and bloated but it got better."
"I went to the doctor a week ago and I was told that I had upper respiratory infection (3rd one this year) so she gave me the usual antibiotic, phenergan with codeine cough medicine, and a antihistamine/decongestion medicine.  After a week of taking this still not feeling better. So I went back and she gave me a different antibiotic and the Tussionex cough medicine.  The cough medicine has allowed me to sleep most of the night but when I take it I am completely knocked out and loopy.  Still cough periodically but nothing like I was without it.  Even with insurance this medicine was $50 for 4 ounces but it&#039;s worth it!  I&#039;ve taken it before and really helps. Just waiting for the other medicines to do their jobs!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for 3 months (before that, I was on Orsythia for 6 months, but my ob-gyn switched me over for some reason). Since starting Sronyx, I&#039;ve noticed my acne has gotten worse, but I&#039;ve had an increased sex drive, lost weight, and my periods are very light and short! I would recommend it."
"My dentist used Benzocaine gel/ointment to numb my gum prior to dental filling.   Within half an hour, my tongue, cheek,gum,lip,   complete side of face had swollen to painful gigantic proportions. I had to attend hospital as an emergency arranged by dentist , to see a max.facial consultant who had to prescribe an anti-histamine.   The swelling took well over a week to gradually subside to normal, but completely ruined my 65th family birthday party, a few days after, as I could barely speak and could have no photos taken !!!    I now check every medical spray or ointment/cream to ensure I am not using this chemical......"
"These reviews have confirmed what I&#039;ve been thinking for a few months now. I&#039;ve been waking up at 3 am like clock work, I&#039;m irritated at the smallest things, gained 20 lbs and just feel down all the time. I was on Effexor and Zoloft for years until they stopped working for me so my Dr tried me on Viibryd.  Worst move ever. I want to beat my fists against everything and everyone.  Going to see him next week and demanding to be changed to something else."
"Today, thanks to Hypercare, I am wearing a teal colored silky shirt with NO sweating.  I am so happy that this product has changed my life and my wardrobe.  I went shopping with my husband this weekend and bought all form-fitting, colored shirts.  Sure it itches for a little while after applying, but it is so worth it.  I followed the directions of applying 3 nights in a row, and now am able to just use it once per week and I am dry as a bone.  Amazing what a difference not sweating all day makes."
"I was diagnosed with mild bipolar disorder, depression, post traumatic stress disorder, generalized anxiety.  Most of my adult life I had insomnia.  I use Seroquel 50 mg once a day and Celexa.  The Seroquel stopped the racing thoughts, generalized anxiety, allows me to sleep well at night, and I&#039;m able to think things through rationally.  Seroquel is the best medicine for me. I love it. I used to only take it at night as I would fall asleep immediately, but now I&#039;m able to take it during the day."
"I%u2019ve been on the Depo shot since for over 2 years &amp; it works very well with me. I have 3 CONS 1) I have gained 20 lbs. in the past 2 years. 2) It%u2019s not good for your bones &amp; I have scoliosis so that worries me. 3) If you decide to get off of Depo it may take up to a year to get pregnant. I am looking into other methods of BC so when I do decide I am ready I don%u2019t have to wait a year.
OTHER SIDE EFFECTS: I have spotting, &amp; sometimes cramps, once every 3 months near the time for my next shot. Way better than having a period every month. Also a lower sex drive and it is difficult for me lubricate myself during sex but not a problem for me or my boyfriend.
PROS are I don%u2019t have headaches or mood swings. I have had anxiety &amp; depression before I got the shot so I do not think the shot causes my anxiety or depression.
I think this a great method of BC. But everyone is different &amp; experiences it differently."
"Update so I started taking this on May 19th, 5ft tall and 250 pounds. I felt dizzy my first three days and ate very little.  I try to eat less than 1200 calories a day. Some days I&#039;m still hungry though. It hasn&#039;t even been a month and today I weigh 224. That&#039;s 26 pounds in 27 days almost a pound a day with no exercise. The results for me have been amazing. I do have trouble sleeping so I usually take the pill earlier in the morning. I take a whole one a day. I also have had severe dry mouth mainly the last 3 days but I&#039;m also taking a water pill."
"I&#039;ve been on Celexa now for about 2 months for anxiety. It really helps for the anxiety but I have trouble falling asleep. When I do fall asleep I have long vivid dreams all night. Very weird dreams."
"Been on Victoza since August. Nausea first 2 or 3 weeks, that has ended. Have lost 12 lbs and morning blood sugars are approx 120. Has tremendously minimized appetite. Now I eat to live instead of living to eat. Waiting for bigger and better things (more weight loss and coming off all other medicines). Read before to eat bread or crackers for the eggy taste or breath...it absorbs the acid in the stomach. Good information for me."
"So I have read several posts and here is my response. This is my second time on Buspar and I was prescribed 7.5. I didn&#039;t like the dizzy feeling and I had trouble focusing so I cut my dose in half. Broke the pills. After very light dizziness with the 3.1 dose I am feeling good. I know the doctor prescribed one dosage but if you continue to feel sick after a few days just lower your dose and start from there. You&#039;re going to feel weird for the first few days anyways as your body adjusts. The Meds work great. In the beginning when I was getting upset I could feel the medicine trigger something to keep me calm. The more I tried to get upset or was experiencing anxiety, the more weird I felt it&#039;s been 2 weeks now.."
"I have been taking 15 mg Remeron (lately just 7.5mg) for about 5 to 6 weeks primarily to help with insomnia since I was taking Ambien previously for 2 months and couldn&#039;t get any more of it and wanted to stop taking. The first few days the drug produced intense somnolence, lack of motor skills and impaired abilities. However, this went away after 3 days or so. It helped with sleep the first 2 to 3 weeks producing noticeable sedative effects but that has stopped since week 3. I have been a bit lazy as of late and also have gained 8-10 pound; the drug makes me crave carbs.  I may stop taking the drug once my second prescription runs out due to the laziness and it no longer helps put me to sleep. I wake up very groggily still."
"I&#039;ve been on Phentermine for 3 weeks now. I started off weighing 231 lbs. Now, I&#039;m down to 214 lbs. I&#039;ve not experienced the side effects reported. I have an active job which zaps my energy, which may be why my sleeping habits have not changed. However, I can say that I&#039;ve been more productive at work, and on the weekends, I have about a 2 mile jog&#039;s worth of energy to burn."
"The nausea hit within 20 minutes or so.  I kept trying to vomit in the toilet, but just dry heaving.  I was  crying at the same time and my poor cat was standing near me crying, too.   I was sick for hours and really thought about calling an ambulance.  I laid down with a blanket and was shivering.  This has been the worst experience I have ever had with a prescription drug.  I feel so bad I will not be able to take my other meds tonight.  I am afraid I will throw them up."
"This medicine had bad side effect for me. I have been on this Janumet 50/1000 mg for over one year now. I was taking it one time a day.  It make me dizzy, nausea, vomiting after every meal, or whenever I ate something and night sweat. I used to weigh 230 lbs. at 5&#039;10&quot; wearing size 16 clothes. Now I weigh 175 lbs. wearing size 12 clothes. I had to get all new clothes. In one week I can lose 10 to 15 lbs. and still losing because I can not keep my food down.the Dr has me to come for followup appointment every 4 months. I informed my Dr. of the problem. He was amazed to see the weigh lose. I had aged 20 years. My hair had fell out. My skin was scaly not moisture and smooth.  He told me instead of taking the Janumet everyday, take it every other day."
"I am completely amazed! I am 30 years old and am just now able to wear any colors or fabrics. I have spent years embarrassed and trying to hide the sweat rings under my arms. I feel like a new person and am so happy that this product works."
"I was on a chemotherapy for neurofibromatosis type 1 and it made me very sick and this prevented the nausea and vomiting without side effect and swiftly."
"This is my second month on 10mg daily Brintellix. I&#039;ll start by saying that I&#039;m 18 and suffer with major depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts, ADHD, and PTSD. I take this everyday along with 50mg vyvanse to help with my ADHD. I have to say that the combination of these medications has helped me tremendously in just the month that I&#039;ve added brintellix. I no longer have panic attacks daily, I don&#039;t cry all the time anymore, I don&#039;t feel hopeless or isolated, I don&#039;t feel negative constantly anymore, &amp; I honestly feel like I&#039;m more of myself again. The only issue I have is that I vomit daily, my nausea can get intense, &amp; some days I tend to lay around more than usual. The vomiting can get really bad for me, however. It worries me sometimes."
"I have Bipolar 1 Disorder. Paxil is great! Mainly used for Depression also PTSD and anxiety. I take 40 mg a day for last 4 or so years. Caution do not abruptly stop Paxil if you&#039;ve been on it for 2 months or more. Severe body shocks happen during withdrawal. They feel like electrical impulses throughout the body. My brain gets &quot;heavy&quot; and &quot;dizzy&quot; and I can&#039;t stop it or concentrate on anything. I have gone off Paxil and have been to the ER for withdrawal. The shocks are the worst and unbearable for me. 4 days without Paxil I begin to get these &quot;shocks&quot; I take my Paxil daily, try not to skip doses and I recommend you do the same. Doctors have told me it is one of the worst withdrawals comparable to heroin withdrawals. Taper Taper Taper!"
"Very effective."
"I&#039;ve had the side effects of nausea, diarrhea and low sex drive. Even so, it has helped improve my mood and reduced my anxiety. The side effects have decreased in the past few weeks but at first were bothersome. 

Largest complaint is the copay! Our cost is $122 after insurance! Outrageous. I probably wont be able to afford it for long. Sad because I finally found something that was working."
"I switched from taking Gildes to Junel, I really liked this pill, my migraines that I usually get on the day of my period went away!! Plus I wouldn&#039;t get as moody as before so I knew this pill was the one for me HOWEVER I realized my body was producing more hormones (according to a blood test) that can maybe cause me to get Thyroid Symptom so I immediately stopped taking any kinds of birth control to avoid any disease:/ I didn&#039;t know birth control could lead to other complications :/"
"I was prescribed this medication for GAD.......what a bad DR!! This does not help anxiety it only makes me dizzy and slur my speech. Terrible medicine."
"I&#039;m seeing so many negative reviews, and I understand everyone&#039;s bodies react differently, but I have ZERO complaints about this pill! I&#039;ve been on it for almost a year now (was put on for heavy/painful periods and acne) and it solved all of my menstrual problems! I have not had a period since starting this pill which has been great for me considering how bad they were prior. my acne has cleared, I haven&#039;t had mood swings/weight gain etc! I couldn&#039;t be happier! 10/10!"
"I am late 60s with a demanding casual lover so absolutely need my best pal to work well. Unfortunately he began to let me down a year or so ago so on a friend&#039;s recommendation I got online prescription for Levitra. Amazing results, hard as a rock after about 45 minutes, and long-lasting as well. Even better, 3-4 times a night. She loves it, so do I."
"Just completed 6 months on this.  I had very heavy horrible periods with no pills at all.  First 3-4 weeks on this had some bleeding but it has completely stopped since, even when I was supposed to get period, did not get much of anything.  Contact lenses are killing me, vision is not the same.  Very very tired ALL the time. No energy. No sex drive.  Get weird pains in legs all the time."
"This product  is terrible !!! Took it for 1month . Nothing at all . My doctor is writing me a new product  this week . The taste is terrible . May be  my chemistry  but no good."
"I could cry now! This is my 2nd implanon.1st wa out in 9 months due to mood swings and feeling sooo low all of the time. I cannot use combined pill due to familt history of cardiac problems and migraine myself. The POP makes me bleed constantly without a break and I ended up anaemic using the coil (IUD). Decided last year to give the implanon another go just in case it was a one off bad experience....6 months in and I has gain 20lbs and feel horrific. Anxiety++ depression++ stress++ weight++ Making an appointment to have Implanon removed. Only plus to Implanon for me is that I don&#039;t have any periods. That&#039;s the only plus. Insertion and removal is easy having done it once before. Lack of periods is great. Never again"
"Like others, initially it was great. I suffer from flushing moreso than Rosacea and it brought my skin tone back to &quot;normal&quot; colors, but the rebound is just too much for me.  It feels like I fell asleep in the sun after the medication wears off and is almost more embarrassing than my flushing condition.  I look great when I apply it initially, but I&#039;m saddened by the rebound :/"
"It&#039;s a good drug if you can maintain your weight while on it. For some reason it really makes you hungry. It also makes you sleepy but has helped my Bipolar disorder well."
"I love this pill, I never get my period and every month experience very little cramping. However, the company offer a rebate and the customer service never calls back nor do I get my rebate.  "
"I had a kidney transplant and Bactrim was prescribed as part of my meds to allay any infections. I&#039;m middle aged and have suffered from acne for years. To my surprise, my acne cleared! A bonus!"
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring for 3 years, can&#039;t imagine going back to pills that made me feel crazy. I honestly forget I have it in and have had zero problems from day 1."
"I was prescribed Amitriptyline for herniated disc and nerve pain.  I took 10mg every night for over a year.  Having had regular physio I made good progress and decided to come off them to see if I still needed them.  Also my teeth were suffering from constant dry mouth and my hair was falling out at an alarming rate.  Both symptoms stopped within 2 weeks of coming off them however 3 weeks in the nerve pain has returned.  I can&#039;t decide if going back on them is worth losing my teeth and hair for !  Also due to its sleep inducing properties it can for some be very addictive, I certainly have as good a quality of sleep as I did."
"I am 35 and I have suffered from acne and other hormonal problems for the last 9 years.  I was on allese before that and had minimal break outs.  When I was pregnant, both times my skin was flawless which indicated that it was definitely hormones.  I have not had any success clearing acne using topical, washes or any other specialized skin treatments.  I have been on yaz for nearly a week and am already seeing great improvements in my skin.  I wonder if it works for acne when the cause is truely hormonal.  I don&rsquo;t think this is all in my head because others have noticed my clearing skin too.  I do work out regularly and eat pretty well so don&rsquo;t know if that helps.I will update as time progresses."
"I initially took Cimzia as part of a clinical trial.  During the trial, we received a full dose (400 mg) every 2 weeks but, once it was available on the market, the dose was only 400 mg every 4 weeks (or 200 mg every 2 weeks).  The medicine wore off before the 4 weeks was up, so I switched to Humira, which worked much better.  Now that I&#039;ve had rare side effects to Humira (and already failed Remicade), I&#039;ve had to switch back to Cimzia.  It is only working for about a week and a half of the four weeks (at 400 mg).  I hope to find another alternative, as this isn&#039;t worth it."
"I started having daily migraines Sept. 2014. Topiramax (can&#039;t spell anymore). from primary MD.
No improvement. Saw neurologist Dec. 2014. started on Zonisamide. 50mg. built up to 150mg.
was having about 28 migraines pre meds. Decreased to about 22. for a few months. Then decreased to 14-18 per mo. summer of 2015. Took Pt. end of summer and headaches increased to upper 20s again. MRI done in summer showed Spinal Stenosis but no severe enough to warrant surgery. Dosage of Zonisamide increased to 250 mg. did not help so Neuro. decreased it back to 150mg.  pain became more severe and every day. At present am on 200 mg. and to go up to 250 mg. next week. Still with migraines every day. Getting 2nd set of spinal injections with steroids tomorrow."
"I have emotional regulation issues, and birth control usually causes serious problems - this one has been a dream. Cleared up my acne, made my boobs a full cup size bigger, no weight gain, increased libido, no issues with mood swings. Seriously. Now I just have to petition my insurance to cover it since the samples have run out =("
"Have taken only for two days but seems to have helped. Have a L4 L5 problem and after a recent flair up this was prescribed. Seems to have helped to speed recovery."
"A small dose of Catapres will stop the onset of a migraine, if taken before the pain gets really bad. It can also speed up the relief when taken with a pain-killer."
"Contacted MRSA and received Bactrim for 14 days and cleared.
Three years later contacted cellulitus from a wound not taken care of by me. Bactrim took care of it.  Dangerous conditions cured with Bactrim."
"I had the implanon inserted Dec &#039;09 and haven&#039;t had any problems with it so far. When I got my first cycle after having it inserted, it lasted like two days and I spotted for about a week and a half following that. I&#039;ve had no weight gain, crazy mood swings or changes to my sex drive, so the spotting is my only complaint. Otherwise it&#039;s been great and it&#039;s nice not having to worry about taking a pill everyday."
"This is a wonderful medicine.  It worked really well on the most stubborn fungal infection I&#039;ve ever had. I had tried everything on the market and nothing would work until this.  I&#039;m not going to lie, this stuff burns like crazy.  You will scream and cry because it burns that bad for about 10 minutes. Stick with it and you will get rid of the infection.  After about the 4th day it quit burning when I used it - and finally, I got rid of the infection. It&#039;s expensive even with insurance but well worth the cost. They gave me a coupon to use and it brought the cost down to about $35."
"I have had awful foot pain for over 10 years and have tried many medicines.  My Doctor suggested Mobic and it did wonders for my pain. I have been on it 5 days now and can not believe the difference it has made.  I can now walk without shuffling around because of pain. Side effects are mild for now. I have light headache from time to time and ear pressure. Hope that improves. I take 7.5 twice a day since 15 seemed to make side effects worse. A nice surprise everytime I get up to walk and feel little or no pain."
"I have taken this pill for two years now.  I was originally put on it, because of a polyp.  The polyp decreased dramatically.  I have had no side effects minus minor spotting.  My mood has increased dramatically right before and during my period.  I used to have really bad cramps when I would get my period; however, that is practically non-existent now."
"This medicine really changed my life. I just recently switched to zaleplon and to be honest I feel very hypnotic/high when I take two doses of it. I love the feeling but these pills are addictive so do not take more then your doctor prescribed."
"My provider prescribed me Saxenda today only to find out
that my insurance will not cover it. I called the pharmacy
and they told me it would cost $1500.00! I live in the USA.
"
"I have had terrible experiences with different pills in the past (25 lb weight gain in a month, loss of sex drive completely - it hurt to have sex because I couldn&#039;t get wet, mood swings) so I decided to not take the pill any more and rely on withdrawal. Needless to say, that was stupid and a huge pregnancy scare later, my boyfriend and I decided it&#039;d be best for me to take something. I was very careful as to which one I would start taking because if I had to deal with those side effects again I would be miserable. After one month, I am quite happy with Lutera. I have had no side effects that have lasted more than a day. My weight is stabilized and I feel great. It can&#039;t hurt to try, as everybody will react differently to the pill."
"I&#039;ve had IBS D for as long as I can remember, Viberzi has fixed that.  I&#039;m living a normal life. I can now go out and just enjoy the day without having to worry about my stomach. So thankful."
"I just started this about 2 months ago. I got it from Planned Parenthood after my abortion. They assured me I would not get pregnant on this pill after the first 7 days. I had a little nausea, and I do have fatigue, but my acne has been getting better. However, I just spent the last 5 weeks thinking I was pregnant due to changes in my breasts: veiny, areola enlargement, and literally they feel like two saggy water balloons instead of more firm like normal! This confused me as I&#039;ve only had this happen to my breasts when I was pregnant! It&#039;s not going away and I am worried. I keep testing but my test says I&#039;m not pregnant. I really don&#039;t like how they feel or look and I&#039;m not sure what to do about it. If I didn&#039;t have that I&#039;d be happy!"
"My doctor switched me to Tramadol after Tylenol 3 started losing effectiveness. I was on Ty 3 for years, after four lumbar surgeries, two fusions, continued pain...  taking 3-4, 50 mg. Tramadol/day, trying to keep it at three. Not pain free, but at least bearable. Unless/until it wears off. 

I have joint pain, my elbows hurt. OW. Pretty sure it&#039;s caused by the drug, but right now, dealing with it."
"I&#039;ve just started and yes while I do feel something I have yet to make a full decision on if it works. My issue is focus, hard to focus on life in general , can&#039;t pay attention long enough to learn which really hurts at work. 

I was taking Naboline and Marijuana which helped perfectly. For whatever reason my dr wants me to try something else . My questions is if something g works why put me on something that might work ?

But I&#039;m willing to try. The first three days I have felt similar effects but not to the extent that the other drugs help. I feel a bit more irritated with people , my hearing is more sensitive and my appetite is gone."
"I was on venlafaxine for 4 months.  I decided to discontinue use due to its side effects (just couldn&#039;t handle weight gain,  laziness anymore). My GP had me start taking bupropion 75mg 2x a day and quit venlafaxine cold turkey.  It worked decently as a bridge to fight the nasty withdrawals from ven. Yes,  I had crazy brain zaps for a whole week. The first week it gave me a few Manic episodes,  anxiety and energy. The next week,  today i am feeling very depressed!!! I had a crying spell in front of my girlfriend for no reason.  Iam embarrassed and I lashed out at her.  Have to make it to Friday to switch to fluoxetine and hope it&#039;ll change.  God bless!!"
"Update! I have been on Belviq for 3 weeks and I have lost 9lbs! I am ecstatic and so happy this is working for me! Next weigh in is Feb 2nd! I will update then! There is a light at the end of the tunnel!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Klonopin for several years, but slowly building up a tolerance.  Doc suggested trying mirtazapine.  Made me very groggy the first night, and I fell asleep quickly.  However, I woke several times during the night, and only ended up getting 3-4 hours of sleep (and felt very groggy the next day).  I might be experiencing some withdrawal from the Klonopin).  Hard to know, but sleep has only gotten worse since the first night, so will likely try something else."
"I&#039;m not going to lie... getting the Mirena put in was uncomfortable. Fortunately, the procedure only lasted a minute or two. I have always had really bad cramping and nausea during my period, and getting the Mirena felt like the first and the worst day of my period. Fortunately, I didn&#039;t feel like that for very long, maybe the rest of the day. It&#039;s only been a couple of days but I already feel better than when I was using the Nuvaring. That could just be relief though. I read a lot of these reviews before I got it and I was definitely scared to go through with it, but I did and it was fine! I&#039;ll review again after it&#039;s been in for a while... but to those looking to get it, don&#039;t be scared off by these reviews."
"After the IUD was inserted I felt some mild cramping and was spotting for a couple of hours. Its only been a week and I have had bad cramps and I have been light headed almost everyday since the insertion. Besides the cramping Skyla does its job!"
"Ok, I went on it obviously to prevent pregnancy but also to help with my painful periods. Pack one, I had breakthrough bleeding about two weeks after my normal period (pre BC) with no withdrawal bleed. I had extreme headaches, nausea, and anxiety. Pack two, same side effects but had a normal withdrawal bleed. Pack three, the side effects went away and my withdrawal bleed was less than normal. Super easy to care for. Pack four, my withdrawal bleed was abnormal. It lasted the entire four days of brown pulls but it itself was brown and not red. Pack five&#039;s withdrawal bleed started out brown and ended like a normal period. Color and all. My anxiety was so bad about pack five that I took two pregnancy tests just to rule out the weirdness."
"This is the only treatment I found that made me feel like a normal human being again!"
"Did not help with acne, in fact, may have made it worse"
"Tried this medication after Zoloft caused me to have a partial manic episode. Very impressed with the results.  I feel very clear headed and emotionally stable. Less anxious as well.  No side effects after three months"
"I have been on this medication for over 4 years. I changed to Celexa during that time for a short time but soon had to get back on it. It is true that if you go off it you won&#039;t be pleasant to deal with. You become irritable and emotional sort of like the way you were before you started the medication. Overall it really works and I have suffered from depression since my teens."
"My son is 14 and has tourettes and adhd. He was put on Intuitiv and it has helped with his focus and his tics. At first he was extremely tired, but after taking it for a bit that part is not as bad. The teacher noticed a big improvement. Luckily there have been no other side effects. We started at 1mg and are now on 3 mg. It is my sons choice whether he wants to be on meds or not. He had chose to go off for a bit in the summer and then once back in school he wasn&#039;t doing so great so he chose to go back on it. It really helps with the tics."
"If Celebrex ever falls to the legislative chopping block I will be the first in line in Washington to keep Celebrex available.
If I had to eliminate all but one of the fifteen (I don&#039;t believe it myself) medications I am currently taking then the keeper would be Celebrex.
I&#039;ve suffered from chronic pain and fatigue for over fifteen years now. After going through the roster of pain killers Celebrex was like a godsend. Instead of a massive area of pain that ran through my head, down through my neck and into my shoulder blades and upper arms I found that I had half a dozen distinct areas of pain consistent with the areas of damage from accidents and injuries.
I have no side effects with the two 200mg taken twelve hours apart."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for 4 weeks now. Yes insertion is very uncomfortable but it is worth it. I only had cramps the first 3 days after insertion and yes those were uncomfortable too but they stopped. I spotted for about a week after insertion and I have not had any bleeding since. I also have noticed a serious improvement in lubrication (I was on nuvaring) so sex is more enjoyable. Overall, I would recommend! Also, my boyfriend cannot feel the string and I can&#039;t tell it&#039;s there."
"I have been on Nexplanon for about a year now. At the very beginning I had huge food cravings. I did not have a period for about 2 months. Then for about a month it started to regulate but it was very heavy. It has been 5 months now and my period has not stopped. I&#039;ve also gained weight even though I&#039;m incredibly active. I went from 135 to 148 now. My mood swings are insane! I have severe anxiety and depression. Overall Nexplanon is doing its job and I am definitely not pregnant but there are huge side effects of using this implant. I do not recommend it."
"I have been using xiidra for about two weeks and am very happy so far. I previously used restasis and am definitely having better results with xiidra. I was advised to put pressure on the inside corner of my eye for about 20 seconds after application to eliminate any aftertaste which works for me. I do experience burning but it subsides within minutes. My eyes are less red and more hydrated. I agree with other reviewers the plastic applicator is stiff but I manage to get the first drop out easily and the second one after giving the applicator a good shake (once pointing tip down) to move the remaining drops to the tip so it can come out easily.  My only complaint now is the exorbitant cost! Thankfully my first month was free."
"I was on Tramadol for 4+ years, then not tapered and put on Nucynta for a weak and it wasn&#039;t great. So pain doctor put me on Butrans 5 and I&#039;m not really sure if it is working. I feel kinda yucky but is it because of the stopping of the 2 other medications so close together and no tapering? I have sneezing and a few other symptoms going into day 3 of the patch. I&#039;m just not sure."
"Background: 18 year old, 5&quot;4, 115 pounds and works out regularly. Overall I think it is good. I&#039;ve always had clear skin so acne wasn&#039;t a problem at all. PROS: super light periods that only last about 5 days (sometimes so light I can&#039;t even put a tampon in), no weight gain, no acne, no pregnancies lol. CONS: discharge (fair-quite significant amount), back aches and sometimes I get moderate-severe headaches. Overall I would recommend this form of BC. One thing I did notice: I don&#039;t get my period until 4 days after I finish the birth control packs, is that normal? Considering some people get it at the same time every month and/or the day after they finish the pills."
"I&#039;ve been using Advair 250/50 for about 7 years. I developed asthma after several respiratory infections. After months of having no energy and wheezing and coughing, the doctor finally confirmed asthma. I started on 4 puffs per day for a week, and then went down to 2 per day. In the summer, I can often get away with only 1 puff per day. In the winter I usually need 2. The main symptom I get if my asthma is not fully controlled is a gurgling sensation in my lungs. With Advair my asthma symptoms have mostly disappeared. It&#039;s a really effective medication."
"I have been on Seroquel for over 5 years, with varying doses ranging from 50 mg/day to 400 mg/day, for treatment resistent depression initially and bipolar disorder II recently, and it&#039;s been a gift from God. It doesn&#039;t cause the terrible inner restlessness that older antipsychotics or newer ones like Geodon, Risperdal, and Latuda produce, and it&#039;s effective against bipolar depression. I would give it a 10, but the side effects can be hard to deal with (drowsiness, tachycardia, BP changes)."
"Well I have been on this drug since 2009.  I do not know I had an issue until I had a seizure after coming out of the shower.  I had all kinds of tests, and then went to a sleep lab.  There they said I never entered into REM.  So I was totally sleep deprived. I was put on .5mg and it did the trick.  I had the real dream and restless leg syndrome where my wife was scared of me.  I would yell kick and literally act my dream out and I would wake up exhausted.  Since 2009 I&#039;m getting roughly 6 hr of sleep a night.  It is awesome.  Still have some nights, once a month depending on stress.  I travel internationally and my sleep schedule is messed up so I&#039;m sure it doesn&#039;t help.  But it has worked for me thus far."
"I am 18 years old and weigh about 120 pounds. I got in the Depo-Provera shot July 2013. When I went to get the shot the nurse told me I may have no weight gain or cravings. She also told me to take 1200 calcium everyday. The day after I got the shot I felt like I had the flu the whole day was miserable. As the first month was bad. My body ached &amp; I felt sick to my stomach about every week.. The second month I was sick about 3 days a week with my body hurting &amp; sick to my stomach. I also lost my urge to eat.  Throughout the 3 months I was moody my friends &amp; family couldn&#039;t stand to be around me. I gained maybe 2 pounds. "
"Please don&#039;t use the monistat 3 day ovules.  I actually have hives inside my vagina because of this product.  The area is swollen, covered with hives, incredibly itchy, it burns and hurts.  The doctor misdiagnosed me with genital warts.  Can you imagine?  I&#039;ve had the same partner for 27 years.  We do not have an std.  All I had was a yeast infection and used the ovules.  Please don&#039;t put yourself through this.  Get the diflucan.  I&#039;m now on benadryl every 4 hours."
"I&#039;m a 25 year old female and I suffered terrible acne for a long time, then it went away for a few years. Suddenly back in September 2016 I started to break out again in those painful cysts around my jawline, where I had never broke out before. Spiro helped me many years before so I started taking it again. First week 25 mg and then 50 mg. Had the notorious &quot;Initial Breakout&quot; but after that cleared up (took 2 months) I&#039;ve been good ever since! It&#039;s nice not waking up each morning to find new painful cysts under my chin! Love it. It has caused some dizziness but I&#039;ll take that over a pimply, painful face any day. Be patient, this drug takes a while. Worth it though."
"First off, it really works. First two weeks were great - zero appetite and no side effects. But this week I&#039;ve been so sick I can hardly do anything - nausea, headache, diarrhea, slight fever, chills. Not sure if it&#039;s the medicine, but going on day 4 of feeling like this, I&#039;m worried that it is :-( Had anyone else had anything similar after feeling fine to start? I&#039;m down about 8 lbs and would love to stay on the medication, but not sure I can if this &quot;sickness&quot; is a result of the medication."
"the first night I had a severe headache and very bad nightmares. I even googled if this was a side effect and I saw it was."
"Shrunk lymph glands in back of neck first week of taking 3 capsules a day second week swollen glands in armpit are gone minor side effects ."
"On January 21, the condom broke. My boyfriend purchased it the next day. I took the pill about 18 hours later. Immediately I started to experience side effects like headaches, cramps &amp; body aches. After a week my side effects was light cramping &amp; mild headaches. I got my period today ! My period usually comes round the first week of every month; So im a couple days late. I never been so happy to be in so much pain. I normally have bad cramps so this is nothing new. Be patient &amp; dont stress."
"For years I never had a regular period. Sometimes they would even be 6 months apart. With a busy lifestyle it is extremely hard to prepare for periods when it is unpredictable when they will be. With Yaz I have an idea of when I get them, usually exactly a month apart. It also helps my acne and I have not gained any weight. For anyone with irregular periods use this product it helps so much and you won&#039;t regret it."
"This is my 5th day on 20 mg (lowest dose - 1 pill per day) Cymbalta for fibromyalgia.  The first 3 days were tough.  My pain would subside during the day, but return almost fully at night. I did not sleep for the first three nights on this medicine. I was also very jittery beginning on day 2. By day 4 most of these side effects subsided and I&#039;ve been pain free for 48 hours now. I was prescribed 5mg of Ambien to help with the sleep issue. I feel great and energetic for the first time in months. I am thrilled that the lowest dose worked for me."
"I was originally taking a daily pill : Scronyx, which caused my blood pressure to spike, so the next best thing was the the IUD, I went with Liletta. 
The insertion was painful yet tolerable, the pain lasted for a few days.
The bleeding was the worst part, I was bleeding heavily for two months straight, I was beginning to get concerned so I went back to my Dr she told me that women can bleed for three-six months so I thought I&#039;d deal with it. I have reached month seven I&#039;m still getting my monthly that last 9 days, and my mood swings are just awful. The only good thing about this IUD is I have lost a few pounds. 
I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone."
"I am on my 2nd week of using this medication. I am taking it for insulin resistance and noticed a difference very quickly as far as appetite and hunger.  The first day after my first shot I did not eat as much at each meal and did not feel as ravenously hungry between meals.  It&#039;s been a week and a half and I&#039;ve already dropped 6 lbs.  The needle is a little big but the weight loss is worth it.  I do have the itching around the injection site - about the size of a quarter and feels like a mosquito bite.  Hoping this diminishes..... but it&#039;s the only really bothersome thing I&#039;ve noticed so far. No nausea (which was terrible with Victoza) and nothing else of note.  Hoping this (and the weight loss) continues."
"I decided to choose paragard because I haven&#039;t done well in the past on hormones. I tend to be very sensitive to hormones and feel sick, gain weight and become very emotional. I decided to try paraguard and so far have loved it. Yes you have cramps and slightly longer periods, but you get your period almost to the hour every month. I have always had heavier/worse cramps than most people I know so this has been nothing for me (at least nothing some advil or a little wine can&#039;t fix!) It was a little painful being put in BUT its effective right away and lasts for 10 years!! I have had this for almost a full year now and will definitely be keeping it until I decide to have children."
"I have been on Klonopin for about 6 years now, started on 2 mg a day and have been on 4 mg a day for around 2 years now. It works great.  I started suffering from panic attacks around the age of 15 or so and it lasted until I went on Klonopin in my mid 20&#039;s.  I tried many anti-depressants (Paxil, Zoloft, Buspar, etc) and even Stattera.  None seemed to help.  I can tell you that I will be on this for the rest of my life, it has allowed me to be the person I should be."
"I have struggled with Bipolar Depression with Psychotic features for years. I have tried around 30 medications and with no results. My doctor decided to try Chlorpromazine to help. The honest truth is its a life saver. Not only do I sleep 8 hours of restful deep sleep, I wake up every morning happy and ready to take on the day. It has helped my depression tremendously, and has helped eliminate my psychotic features. The only side effects I have is drowsiness and dizziness, but nothing I can&#039;t handle. I take 200 mg at bedtime, and will soon ask to raise it to 300 mg. My advice is if you want to be happy, healthy, and sleep great, Chlorpromazine is a miracle drug and I could not be more satisfied."
"This is the only drug on the market that has worked to keep me healthy year round. It keeps my lungs clear and prevents it from turning into bronchitis, which if not treated with antibiotics then turns to pneumonia."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for 6-7 years and i love it! It regulated my periods, they dont last as long and not that heavy. I used to get the worst cramps , now i get a little bit on the first day. I went a cup size bigger and i gained 5-10 pounds give or take.. Which isnt a whole lot. I havent had any side effects. I used to have acne but it is all cleared up now I did go off the birth control for a little bit when I started back up I put the patch on too soon and then I ended up having my period for an entire month until the next cycle happens so with my experience and don&#039;t put your patch on before you get your period if you&#039;re just starting it. I never have any issues the only thing is is the lint that shows up around the patch ."
"Shortly after using Voltaren Gel, which did work on my pain, I started getting sores inside my mouth.  After checking everything in my diet and realized the only difference was I started using Voltaren.  I stopped and they went away within 2 days.
I cannot say medically if it is a coincidence?  Maybe if someone else gets it they will see this message."
"I&#039;ve taken triptans for years as an abortive therapy, and recently started on some preventatives. My neurologist thought that I should try Cambia, saying that it was faster-acting (and better for me in the long term - not sure if I buy that, after looking at the side effects) than triptans. It lessened the intensity of my migraine for about two hours, after which my migraine was worse than ever. I ended up having to take a double dose of triptan. The package that I have (sample) does contain aspartame, which I know I don&#039;t react well to, so perhaps that was part of the problem. Anyway, I won&#039;t be trying it again. The powder dissolves quickly, but I found the taste pretty awful - like drinking toothpaste."
"I dont like using keppra at all. Since the start of using keppra, I keep on having suicidal thoughts everyday which I don&#039;t want to have. Keppra is making my life worse than ever. My mood is changing every minute. It has impacted my schoolwork so much. I have trouble remembering things and being happy. Sometimes I cry so hard  and say to myself &quot;I can&#039;t take this drug anymore&quot;. My self esteem is getting very low everyday. This drug is destroying my relationship with my friends and family. I just want to be able to tell them and my school what my feelings are and not pretend to put a mask of happiness over my face."
"I have kind of mixed feelings about Geodon.  I have only been taking it for a few weeks.  It has eliminated my psychotic features...nearly 100%.  The side effects are hard for me but I have read that people get more used to it over time so I am not ready to give up on it yet.  The side effects I experience are sleepiness, which is a problem at work, but not nearly as bad as Seroquel was.  The other side effect that is hard for me is the shakiness it gives me.  I have to take Artane, which is a drug for Parkinson&#039;s disease, but that does calm down the shakiness.  Other than that, my appetite is normal, my moods are calmed down (but I also take Lamictal for that).  As far as Geodon&#039;s effect on the psychotic features goes, it&#039;s amazing."
"I have been taking Loestrin 24 for about three and a half weeks now.  I am new to the birth control world.  Good thing we have this world wide net to receive advices and concerns from others who experience the same thing.  Anyways, so far this medication scared me in the first week due to continuous days of spotting, then the second week would consist of two days of spotting and the third, than finally on my fourth week its been one day that I have spotted, yet I still have a couple more days to go.  I haven&#039;t had any cramps, headaches but I may have felt a little bit irritated at times.  One thing that I don&#039;t care for about this medication and the pimples on my face."
"I was only on venlafaxine for a few weeks and it didn&#039;t help much then I read all these reviews about the weight gain and blurred vision and terrible side effects. So I decided to stop taking the medicine since I had the lowest dose possible and only been taking it for a short short time. The withdrawals are almost unbearable. I cry for no reason. I can&#039;t sleep I vomit everyday and I can&#039;t judge distance with my eyes. I feel like my eyes are just floating in my head. Every time I stand up I get severely dizzy and feel like I can&#039;t move. "
"Primalev 10mg/300mg has been a lifesaver for me. I was born with a rare orthopedic birth defect that causes severe deformities in most of my bones, joints and muscles. This disability alone causes tremendous pain. However, just 3 years ago I was diagnosed with having Fibromyalgia that also contributes to my pain. Both conditions required me to stay in bed, usually tossing and turning until morning where I needed large amounts of caffeine to manage the day. One day my PCP prescribed a new medication, Primalev. Primalev has given me my life back. It has nearly stopped all of my pain and I am forever grateful. My only complaint is only 1 pharmacy offers this miracle medication. Please don&#039;t discontinue making this medication."
"Suffer from excessive sweating on my face &amp; when in hot climate it spreads to my back too.  I begged help from GP who tried me on Propanthaline which left me in agony due to difficulty passing urine &amp; cystitis type reaction after 3 days use.  I was then passed to dermatology dept. at hospital who just said nothing could do! Oh the wonder of UK&#039;S NHS!! Said to try propanano, which again did not work. So I did my own research and went &#039;cap in hand&#039; back to my GP &amp; BEGGED to try Oxybutynin. He said no solid evidence it works &amp; it&#039;s just a placebo for hyperhydrosis. Anyway he gave in &amp; said I could try 5mg a day.  I started them 5 days ago &amp; but better so upping dose to 10mg (at night) as makes me drowsy."
"I just started taking this pill today. I ate breakfast and drank 24oz of water before I took this pill. I didn&#039;t want to feel sick and have any side effects because I didn&#039;t eat first. I didn&#039;t not exercise today or eat good, I wanted to see how the pill made me feel before I start eating good and exercising ( which I will do tomorrow). I am early 20s 5&quot;2 SW: 169.4lbs; GW: 130lbs - 120lbs. I have been over weight for 7 years since having my daughter. It&#039;s time I get my body back. Throughout the 7 years I lost weight and gained it back. I have good energy levels after taking it. My shoulder hurt some, maybe it&#039;s the way I sit. Hopefully it stops. I gave it 5 star cause it Day 1. I will update in about 2 weeks!"
"I started suffering with panic disorder for 3 years and was not using any treatment. It got to the point to where I was agoraphobic and wouldn&#039;t leave my house I was scared for my life and felt like I wasn&#039;t even a human being anymore I suffered dramatically from what is called derealization I ended up turning myself into a hospital that had a mental health outpatient program which put me on klonopin 0.5 mg twice a day and it literally changed my life I finally have a life again and can move around and do things, I can go to work I still once in awhile start to have panic but the Klonopin doesn&#039;t allow me to actually have a panic attack. My general anxiety is now down to nothing and I can feel like I can live again. The first month had its ups and downs"
"Most fantastic feeling to FINALLY be headache and seizure free. But was scratching myself bloody at night. Allergic to the initial weaning on dose(about 1/4 of aimed for dose), blurred vision..had to be taken off.  
Can&#039;t even attempt a trial again. Want to, but apparently risks are too great. Without the allergic reaction, I&#039;d call it heaven sent."
"I was placed on this bcp prior to having IVF, this have been the worse 2 weeks ever. I feel so bad for my husband. I have have been moody, crying spells, decreased sex drive, and constant spotting. I cannot wait to stop taking this pill."
"10+ years of Lyme, started having serious neurological symptoms (difficulty speaking, memory loss, tremor, vertigo and feeling of going crazy). Started a protocol of:
- continuously: 2x200mg daily of doxycycline
- a month of: &quot;4 days on / 3 days off&quot; of 1x500mg azithromycin, then
- a month of: &quot;5 days on / 2 days off&quot; of 500mg tinidazole
- after each month: 5 days of 100mg fluconazole
- repeat
- continuously: lots of probiotics, healthy diet and vitamin supplements

I&#039;m starting the 4th month, feeling *much* better (though symptoms return periodically, milder though). First 2 months were very harsh (feeling worse, sweating like crazy, sleepless and anxious). People advocating against long-term antibiotics haven&#039;t experienced real Lyme."
"I&#039;m only taking 10 mg of Celexa but it has helped. I still get anxious but I realize it as it begins now and can control the feeling by breathing and taking a walk, which I could not do before.  I also take 25 mg of Xanax at night before bed. Celexa works slowly but I have not had one bad side effect. Eventually my goal is to eliminate the Xanax."
"This is my second day with this drug and I can already see improvement in the quality of my life. First thing every morning out of bed, I had to go to the nebulizer in order to breathe after removing CPAP mask. Today I didn&#039;t have to use it at all. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects and don&#039;t expect any."
"Besides being effective, the best thing about Fiorinal is it&#039;s lack of side effects. Regardless of the amount taken during a particular episode I have never experienced any effect other than fairly quick relief."
"Well I&#039;ve been on this medication for three days now. I can tell today that my mood has gone up like way up. I do notice it&#039;s hard to sleep or stay a sleep. I maybe have gotten 5 hours each night since I&#039;ve started. But I feel alive and ambitious."
"Went to the ER this morning with pneumonia.  Was prescribed Cheratussin. Has helped cough a lot. Relieved some pain in ribs. But it did give me a headache and looks like no sleep."
"I tried Lunesta for severe insomnia and it didn&#039;t work for me. It gave me a very bitter, nasty, taste in my mouth within 30 minutes after taking it. It didn&#039;t make me sleepy and the taste made it even harder to fall asleep. I had to end up taking 1 mg Xanax to fall asleep that night. "
"So I&#039;ve had the implant in for a year and a half. For the first half a year, I essentially had 1 long period that would have a days break from bleeding here and there. It did not hurt nearly as much as my usual period and it was not as heavy, so it was just more of a nuisance than anything else, and stopped me being able to have sex. After that, my period came for a few weeks at a time and would start randomly. Half a year of that and now my periods have stopped completely. I&#039;ve had no other side affects, aside from maybe being a bit more moody and having more mood swings. It&#039;s been half a year of no period and I am loving it. And it was free as I live in the UK and am under 25!"
"I have 2 titanium rods, plates, and 6 screws in my lower lumbar , due to disc degeneration, which with the diagnosis alone U can only imagine the pain and that it will continue to happen all the way up my spine, it is inherited disease , I had first operation when I was 35 yrs old, and I am 40 now, have been on ALL pain meds there is out there, and I always ended back taken Norco (hydrocodone 10/325) due to it DOES dull my pain , enough that I can get around alil  for a couple hrs  a day, but I wish I didn&#039;t have to get use to living with a 7 or 8 on pain scale, thinking that was normal... CAUSE IT IS NOT NORMAL TO LIVE IN PAIN NON STOP!!~!"
"I have chronic Migraine called Glutamate Storm. First dose of 100mgs made me sleep 36 hours. Before I got the prescription I never slept more than 5 hours per night and often only got 2 hours of sleep per night. But I did not want to take a prescription every day, so I only took it when my ears were ringing really loud and I was sleep deprived. But then I noticed that my chronic cough was always gone the day after taking Gabapentin. So I started taking it every day for that. When I did, my headache and ear ringing got a lot better. I am now taking 400 mgs per day. I had bad breath at first, but it&#039;s gone. Dr. says it might have detoxed something. I am all for that. Better out than in. This drug has helped me a lot. And I am not pro-pharma."
"I&#039;ve taken this to treat and to prevent urinary tract infections and it has helped me with both. The only reason I gave it an 8 is because if I don&#039;t take it for a while and then I take it, I get hives. The next day when I take it I&#039;m fine. Just happens the first time. When this happens I have to take a allergy medicine to help it go away."
"When taking Miralax daily it&#039;s very effective in moving your bowls. The only down side is that it takes a few days for it to start working but once it starts working you&#039;ll feel a lot better! I stopped using it because I thought I wouldn&#039;t get constipated again bad choice I got constipated it&#039;s because of the medicines I take (painkillers) anyways I recommend you take it once a day or one every other day to keep from getting constipated. Miralax works just give it time and don&#039;t miss a dose of you get severely constipated like I do!"
"*Sebaceous Hyperplasia*, The one change I am most thrilled about is it got rid of all of my sebaceous hyperplasia (enlarged oil glands) bumps within the first week! I started getting these hard bumps about 5 years ago and 26 days ago, I had about 40 of them around my hairline and some on my chin, forehead, and cheek and my chest was starting to get super bumpy, today (day 26 on Accutane) I don&#039;t have a single bump.
*Acne* As far as my acne, I am definitely having a flare up and it feels like all of my blackheads are being pushed out and so my skin feels very bumpy, but as of about 5 days ago I don&#039;t have to blot anymore and I can go 3 days without washing my hair."
"Have taken cipro before for a uti with no problems; &amp; immediate relief. This time after 2 days of 500 MG twice a day right calf muscle cramping horribly along with tingling &amp; numbness on bottom of both feet.  Very lethargic, but uti is better. Will cut in half &amp; try 250 MG 3 times a day."
"I had a long term chronic cough a few years back &amp; was buying everything on the shelf, nothing worked.  My hubby asked the Pharmacist what he would recommend &amp; he said Delsym the orange stuff, thought it was expensive but bought it.  I immediately stopped coughing.  Well here I am coughing again for a long time &amp; finally broke down &amp; bought some, no more cough with one dose &amp; may take a dose today.  Thanks for this great product."
"Has helped me."
"I have tried both Ambien and Lunesta and they messed me up the next day, felt real groggy. Heard about Silenor and got some prescribed, so far so good."
"I&#039;m content with citalopram. It has helped with my depression  and anxiety, I used to spend countless hrs thinking n worrying about things beyond my control and it made me miserable.  My situation hasn&#039;t changed really, but I just don&#039;t end up doing all that endless thinking! Side effects have been drowsiness,  diarrhea,  excessive yawning,  and mild stomach discomfort.  All worth it, and the drowsiness wore off after taking it for a month or so. The excessive yawning went away after two months. I&#039;m starting my third month soon and I am very happy with citalopram"
"I&#039;ve never had to fight with acne in my life, because fortunately I was blessed with good skin. I started getting large amounts of deep set acne all over my chin and neck once I started this birth control.  Also had about two weeks of breakthrough bleeding each cycle. As well as severe mood swings. Would not recommend to anyone."
"Seizures decreased in frequecy.  Partial seizures. But there was one day of uncontrollable,uncomfortable side effects or a seizure of a different type.  I had trouble organizing thoughts,couldn&#039;t come up with certain words,and felt extremely hostile at times.  Never want to have those feelings again.  They were very strong and uncontronablle."
"Was told to quit smoking after having a stroke on 7/28/07. I really had no desire to quit smoking but took the Chantix as prescribed. Smoked my last cigarette on10/29/07. Still have no desire to smoke. Only adverse side effect was the drug caused milk to taste terrible."
"I had a bad experience with this. I felt dizzy, very anxious, and only slept 5-6 hours a night. I took for 2 weeks and today called my Dr. to share this. This medicine is not for me and made my depression/anxiety worse."
"I used Nexplanon for about 10 months and got it removed. While on this method, I had bleeding for months straight with little breaks. I tried to wait it out to see if my body would eventually adjust but my period never got itself to be on a cycle. It got to the point where it wasn&#039;t worth it because even when I did have sex, I had bleeding/spotting so it took away my sexual confidence. It definitely was effective and did its job but the side effects were getting in the way of my life as well as my wallet as I was always at the store buying tampons and pads (and we know how expensive this can be). I decided to get the implant removed which was a bit of a difficult experience as well. Nexplanon is effective but still needs improvement."
"My experience has been a positive one, the start up of this drug was a little difficult to get through but after about 8 weeks, wow. I noticed that certain scenarios that would cause obsessive thoughts and anxiety were not happening as frequently and if they did I let them go easily. I began little by little to be brave again and it feels great. I am very sleepy but once i get started it&#039;s fine and have increased sweating which is a pain but a lot better than how I was before I started."
"I have PPMS/Multiple Sclerosis and have been on .5mg for 2 years, has helped considerably, yes some dry mouth but drink more water. I&#039;m a 54 year old male, and with MS I cannot honestly tell you that I have less or more joint pain as this is what MS is all about, but wetting my pants was no fun! I really can&#039;t complain much about side affect&#039;s but would like to try to try every other day. Oh, and I still can get an erection! Just need a wife to help on that one!"
"Jim. 
 I&#039;ve had migraines for over 60 years. Currently, they are frequent but not debilitating as in the past. I&#039;m an anomaly, having migraines at my age (77). My doctor prescribed Reglan Pills with 6 hours between doses. Sometimes it helps, sometime not.  It&#039;s not my go-to Med but I use it because I don&#039;t want the others sometimes. 
I suspect high doses given quickly Can cause problems some have. Maybe my doctor, a stroke specialist who also has migraines, may be better informed than those prescribing high dose  quick injections. There are emergency  rooms in my area that I wouldn&#039;t let someone take me even with a heart attack. Remember, 50% of docs were in the bottom  1/2 of the class. You don&#039;t know where your doc was."
"I can&#039;t believe how much this medicine helps.  Something tramatic happened to me last May which made me very anxious and my doctor tried to prescribe this but my insurance company is notorious for turning down any medicine that does not have a generic. Finally in October (after trying many other medicines) I was prescribed Effexor.  Although the underlying issues are still there for me, I am myself again."
"I&#039;m a 21 year old /male. I started to have severe panic attacks. I smoked marijuana heavily for years and had a stressful situation a year prior to the attacks.  I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for 7 months now and I want to wean myself off it. I take 100 mgs. It works to an extent but I think the rest is all in my head. When I first started I felt tired all the time but that passed... and after a month I could barely ejaculate and its been like for this for months.  I want my libido back."
"I never had ADD or problems focusing and staying motivated before I had chemotherapy for Ewing&#039;s Sarcoma at 16-17 years old. I&#039;m now 24 and started being treated for those symptoms with Focalin XR earlier this year. It was night and day difference for me. I had energy, yes the first week I was shakey but that stops, I lost weight gained from conituning to eat like a weight lifting football player but had very little movement at all. I felt great, I can get things done now. Motivation is now just lacking from my lack of trying but when I get on something I blaze through it. Negative effects I have experienced are occasional moodiness, especially if I am focused on something and then get interrupted. Caffeine is a no no."
"I bled constantly for 7 months had it removed and refitted and have continued too bleed and I constantly feel fatigued. My memory is terrible and I&#039;m just not well at all. Also I&#039;m from the UK"
"I&#039;m 24 years old and was at 291.2 pounds... about 9 pounds away from 300 pounds!! I knew right then I had to make a change. A friend told me about phetermine and I wanted to try it. I saw a doctor and I was prescribed it 37.5mg. I was also on a 1200 calorie diet.  I started in May 2015 and I checked in on June 2nd and LOST a total of 17.2lbs so far.  I Love it.  I now currently weigh 274.  My goal weight is 160!....I walk 3 days a week about 2 or 3 miles  a day and drink lots of water.  This works and I&#039;ve never felt better"
"After being born breech, and having both hips dislocated at a time when operations were not thought of.
Then giving birth to 7 wonderful children in a short stretch of time.
The stress to my hips has taken a crippling tole.
I was rarely ever able to get myself out of bed without the feeling of train spikes stabbing into my hips.
Voltarane gel enabled me to start my day but the Diciofenac slow release 75mg. Allows me to work my eight hours and come home to enjoy time with my kids instead of going directly to bed in too much pain to live life."
"I went on Skyla on 9.17.14 the experience has been okay just a few side effects I wasn&#039;t fully aware of. 1. I gained 10 pounds in one month. I got really odd cravings and was also very hungry all of a sudden. 2. My hair started shedding in clumps but that has slowed down tremendously. 3. I still get cramps maybe not a heavy flow but still crazy cramps during my time of the month. 

Other then these three. Things have been pretty good."
"this drug not only gave me a low key eating disorder but it made me have terrible, TERRIBLE mood swings all the time. it would make me cry and be irrationally angry at everyone at the same time. on top of that I would bearly be able to eat because the pill is also used as a way to treat binge eating. it also made me feel like I was having a heart attack at times and my heart would feel like it was going to stop beating. the only positive is that yes it did improve my focus and motivation immensly."
"I LOVE this pill. I&#039;m 18, not sexually active, and I used to have a bit of acne (which the pill cleared up). It&#039;s honestly the best thing that has ever happened to me. My periods used to be very, very heavy, and now they&#039;re light and I have almost no cramps whereas I used to have to skip classes because of the pain and I always felt like puking on the second day. My breasts got a tiny bit bigger, but not really. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain or other side effects except for the fact that I feel awesome and my mood swings went away. Everyone&#039;s different, but this pill just happened to be perfect for me. During the first month I spotted and got discouraged, but overall I&#039;m so glad I stayed on it. Five stars."
"I can almost guarantee that most of these negative reviews are due to either 
1. Taking the medication incorrectly (generic works for some not all), too close to food or iron,calcium, some antidepressants interfere)

2. Taking the incorrect dose 

3. Not being consistent(must be close to the same time daily )

I had gone through many changes before finally getting it right. Seems to be working good after getting on brand name and taking it seriously."
"I needed to drop about 30lbs and have high blood pressure.  My doctor prescribed Belviq.  After 4 weeks I had to stop.  I developed daily headaches, the scale didn&#039;t move and without insurance covering it, it was too expensive. "
"I cannot stop singing its praises. Two years ago I had no idea what was wrong with me, I felt &quot;fogginess&quot; and tried everything- declared &quot;headaches&quot; caused by anxiety or depression, had to take a year off of school since I couldn&#039;t function; xanax helped but I didn&#039;t understand why, and about 17 other antidepressants or antianxiety medications later I was put on lamictal due to a diagnosis of BPD. Almost instantly, from that initial does of 25mg I started being able to focus and the fogginess lifted. As the dosage increased to 150mg to twice a day, I was given back all waking hours of clarity. I could focus, produce, study, think clearly, remember clearly, everything. As a result of being given power back, the depression vanished."
"I&#039;ve never had acne as a teen, my skin was usually oily but nothing a little oil control toner couldn&#039;t fix . I had pretty clear skin. I&#039;m 25 yr old and have had my first baby and that&#039;s when it started I could not believe how I broke out with severe acne. I tried a lot of over the counter acne washes but nothing worked. I went to a dermatologist who prescribed me 2 pill medication and acne night gel. IT DIDN&#039;T WORK. I went to family physician and she prescribed me Epiduo thank God. It worked right away after a week of using it only at night after washing my face with Cetaphil. I&#039;ve had clear skin a little burning after a week and peeling but it sure was worth it I LOVE this stuff. Acne free. Thank you."
"I took Risperdal (Resperidone) for about five years. It effectively managed my maina/hypomania and gave me no obvious side effects towards the beginning.

Pros
-Effectively worked
-Helped with hypomania
-Helped with mania

Cons
-Developed Hyperprolactinemia
-From ^^^ i developed amenorrhea and weight gain
-Mental Slowness (things were harder to learn and harder to remember)

It&#039;s a good medication that worked for me, but I had unfortunate side effects. Everyone is different so don&#039;t automatically discount the drug if you are just starting it based on everyone else&#039;s experience. It DID work for me the way it was supposed to, but I also had side effects so I had to switch it. I&#039;m giving it 8 out of 10 because it DID manage my BPD well."
"Love, love, love Zofran. I took it my entire pregnancy (after losing 41 pounds from constant vomiting) &amp; now my baby is 5 months old with absolutely no health problems. These lawsuits going on scared me, but for no reason obviously bc my lil man is in great health. I get nauseated from time to time and take one of my old pills and I&#039;m good as new! Would recommend this to everyone!!!"
"I recently quit smoking with no problems at all using Chantix! I have smoked a pack and a half a day for 8 years and nothing has ever worked before. By day 9 on Chantix I really could care less if I smoked even with coworkers asking me all day to smoke.  This is a wonderful medication any smoker should try this."
"I was in a bad car accident about a year ago and now have 15 pieces of implanted metal in my right leg.  Because of the strain to my body, my doctors encouraged me to lose weight.  I was going to the gym, staying under 1400 calories and going to physical therapy. I didn&#039;t drop a single pound.

I&#039;ve been on the phentermine for 2 and a half months, and I&#039;ve already lost an AMAZING 60 pounds...40 more, and I&#039;ll be where I was supposed to be. I just got my refill and can&#039;t wait to see what happens in the next 3 months."
"I&#039;ve been using this medication for almost 5 years. I can&#039;t believe that this isn&#039;t prescribed more often than it is because it WORKS! I had such pain with the spasms and mucus till I started using this.  I do have to drink a lot more water because it makes me thirsty and it can complicate constipation.  However, my doctor allows me to take it on the onset of an episode instead of 3 or 4 times a day.  I&#039;ve been able to gain weight and my energy has increased since using this medication. I really am happy with this medication and feel it has allowed me to live a much more normal life, almost pain free.  Of course, I&#039;ve changed my diet and stay away from triggers too!  Good luck and I hope you have the results I&#039;ve had."
"Like many people who have commented, I have been on heavy dose of opiates for 20 years with severe constipation.  Dr. recommended Movantik and I took it exactly as directed, and I had horrible side effects, terrible cramping, diarrhea, sweating, hot flashes and essentially the misery of full blown withdrawal.  I have a huge bottle of Movantik, and I plan to let that bottle collect dust forever.  Ill try everything under the sun before I turn to that again."
"I was prescribed this to lose weight but also to help my diabetes (Type 2). In 9 weeks, I have lost 20 lbs on the 7.5mg dosage. I have cut my nighttime Lantus usage from 28 units to 7 units, and anticipate being able to stop the Lantus entirely within the next week or so. I have lost weight before on my own, but not to this extent, and not with these results with my diabetes medicines. The only side effects I have are an occasional tingling in my feet which the doctor says will go away when I stop the medication, and some dizziness, but I also have that without the medication, so that could just be me. However, the dizziness gets better when I drink more water or eat, so it may be not eating or drinking enough."
"I have been using Differin for over 4 months now and at first my skin was okay. It got rid of most pimples but there was never not one time where my face was completely flawless but now my acne is worse than its ever been. I feel like this happens to me with most products. It works at first and then makes my skin horrible. I am going to give Benzoyl Peroxide a try."
"So far this is one of the best medications that I have tried for my headaches."
"Skyla is my first type of birth control. I originally wanted paraguard because of the lack of hormones but decided on skyla for the fact that it might  make my periods lighter.
My insertion was super easy! It didn&#039;t really hurt at all, just very uncomfortable. Afterwards, I had some cramps, but nothing major, and I easily got rid of them with some rest and ibuprofen.
The first month I had almost constant brown discharge (old blood), then I had a very light 6 day period. My next two periods were also very light, and 5-6 days! I&#039;m in my third month with skyla and have had some more bleeding than I had before, but I&#039;m hoping I&#039;ll adjust fully to it soon!"
"I have a love/hate relationship with Mirena. When it was inserted, it was uncomfortable for sure. I also bled like the river nile for about a month straight, my body took a break for a week and then bled again for another 2 weeks. I had it placed in June, it&#039;s now the end of October. I spot every now and then and almost always have brown discharge. However, I am prone to long horrendous periods and migraines without BC and since the initial bleeding has stopped, my migraines are fewer and the bleeding seems to be as well. BUT, I have acne. On my chin, neck and back and that is really frustrating. Weight hasn&#039;t changed, but bloating is present, and breasts are always tender. Yeast infections too. I&#039;m considering removal."
"I was told by my vet to use only genteal for my dogs dry eyes. It works great I don&#039;t know what I would do with out it. I use it daily in his eyes he will actualy hold his eye open best he can for me because he know it makes his eyes feel better."
"Better than any other anti-anxiety medicine. Konopin 1mg 3x a day works perfect all day everyday."
"I love my Mirena. I had it inserted 4 weeks after my son was born. unfortunately I had to deliver him C section and he was my first child, so my cervix never dilated thus, the insertion of my Mirena was painful. For a couple weeks after I bled pretty heavily (but that could&#039;ve been from his birth as well), and the bleeding stopped after about 4 weeks. I have not had a period (not even any spotting or cramping) yet and I am SUPER happy with that. I had horrible periods before. No side effects, weight gain, acne, etc, thus far (12 weeks later) despite the pain of insertion, I would do it 100 more times for the benefits. I would recommend Mirena to anyone."
"This med is not good.   It doesn&#039;t work it only last 7 hours I&#039;m taking ritalin also 10mg, and 54mg of concerta. I will not recomemnd it ialso take  ritalin for 3 years and it does not last long no good ."
"Got a pretty nasty UTI ... I&#039;ve had them before so I knew the drill. Went to the Dr. The infection was confirmed. He prescribed Bactrim DS, twice a day for 7 days. I read the information provided by the pharmacist so I knew what to look for in case of a problem &amp; took the first dose. I did have a few side effects, dizziness, mild nausea, and my blood sugar was off, but the infection felt better by the end of day 1. I can deal with mild side effects if it means fixing a larger problem. Pros &amp; cons to everything! I would take it again if needed."
"Sadly, this medicine was at one time my worst enemy. I couldn&#039;t sit still on it, I kept pacing and twitching, half screaming half crying, agitated, itchy and angry. I couldn&#039;t sleep for more than 4 hours a night and I was only on 2.5 mg of it. I don&#039;t remember if I ate or not on it, but probably not because I was in a type of hell. I know it&#039;s a good medicine for a lot of people, but for me, it turned my life upside down."
"This medicine has changed my life.  I am a 43 year old female, diagnosed as an adult with ADHD.  I always knew I was meant for more than what I seemed capable of achieving - although I would by no means consider myself an underachiever. The statement &quot;you don&#039;t know what you don&#039;t know&quot; rings so true for me.  Immediately upon starting this prescription my world changed.  I was able to fully complete tasks, stay on schedule, CONCENTRATE, and prioritize...the list goes on and on.  I wish I had a &quot;before and after&quot; photo of my home.  The clutter, disorganization, and chaos is gone.  My house very much symbolizes my brain.  I feel like my mind has been freed from the &quot;fog&quot;, and I am able to accomplish so much more now with much less stress."
"I have been on Pentasa 2 capsules 2x day first week feel amazing to not have all day tummy pain or cramping. Hope I have found something that will continue to work for me."
"After failing enbrel and humira, my doc moved me to a different class. Otezla has been a great for my severe psoriasis on the palms of my hands and psoriatic arthritis. I went from 100% coverage with extremely painful lesions, unable to use my hands to 100% clearance, in three weeks. My rheumatologist and I both are amazed with the results. I will put up with the side effects as the massive improvement makes it all worth it. Side effects I&#039;ve had : headaches /migraines, indigestion, stomach pain, loose stools and nausea. All but headaches have started to subside as of my 3rd week in! Very, very happy here!!"
"47, given to thin uterine lining. Can&#039;t take it, gives me all day migraines, nausea, and vomiting. :(  medroxyprogesterone worked better for me because I didn&#039;t have the debilitating effects."
"I was given a prescription to this type of birth control after another was not strong enough.
This type of birth control was awful for my body though. Even though my period synced up with no breakthrough bleeding, I was losing lots of hair and growing dark hair in places that I never have before- chest, chin, etc. There were no other stressors that could have caused this as I was out of school for summer. I wanted to stay on it for 3 months, but I saw that My hair was becoming very thin. I got off of this quickly after a little over 3 months"
"Worked well only had to use for a week."
"I have used this pill for the last month, and I just started on my second month. I want to say that I started this pill not on the first day of my period, the reason why I wanted to go on the pill was because my period was irregular. I&#039;ve lost a total of 10 lbs since starting this pill, and I&#039;ve noticed that my appetite is a lot smaller now than it was before. I&#039;ve tried other birth control pills and those always made me eat like a monster, but with this pill, I feel a lot better. The first month is pretty brutal. I had a fever the day after I first started the pill, and then I felt sick with stomach pains for the first couple of weeks, but after the first month, I&#039;m feeling a lot better. Note that everyone&#039;s body works differently."
"Does the job. Have been on it for just over a month. Some side effects, but nothing too crazy. Dealt with mood swings and nausea the first week or so, but went away. Sex drive remains high (lol its important)

Only serious drawback is that I am craving food literally EVERY SINGLE minute. Went from 117lb to 135 in just 4 weeks..... wtf
Oh. And my skin has gotten worse... I started geting acne around my forehead and upper-lip. Hopefully I the appetite and acne problem goes away as I get more used to the hormones."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 9 days now.  So far I have lost 6lbs.  I do not feel as hungry or crave food.  However, I am having a lot of side effects such as dizziness, dark urine, ringing in the ears, severe fatigue, and low blood pressure.  Can anyone give me advice about if the side effects do indeed go away?"
"I was suffering from HB pressure for the last two years ...without Medication ....It got really bad in the last two weeks ,that&#039;s when my doctor prescribe me Benicar 20 MG...I have been taking it for three days only and I already fell better. Question???? Is it normal for me to feel so relaxed....I&#039;m 61 years old very active  and work out 4 or 5 days a week"
"I had problems with constipation for about 20 years. I was in so much pain after a bowel movement that I could not do anything but lay there .Linzess is a miracle drug for me.  But I want all you people that are saying you cannot afford it to check out linzess coupon.com  There is a card you can get that will allow you to get Linzess for $30.00 a month for a year. Make sure you go to linzess official site."
"After being hospitalized for very high BP that my other medications weren&#039;t able to control -- I was prescribed .5 of Norvasc. Within 3 hours, my BP was down to 70/ 52, and continued to drop to 68/ 42 with my pulse going as low as 40 bpm. 
I came very close to calling 911, but after a couple of hours of drinking water -- I was able to get the BP up to around 90/65. Obviously I will not take this medicine again -- and feel that the side effect for it wasn&#039;t given"
"I&#039;ve been on tons of antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications throughout the years.  When I started taking Effexor XR, I was thrilled- I felt so much better... minus all of the side effects.  The side effects are just awful.  I sweat constantly, I have awful headaches, no sex drive, and I gained 15 pounds.  And now the medication has stopped working sort of... I don&#039;t feel sad or happy... I just kind of feel here.  I&#039;ve tried to get off of Effexor but I get those brain zaps/vertigo feelings and vomit so I stop and keep taking it.  I guess it helps some people but if I can ever get off of it, I will be going back to another medication."
"Since I have started on this medication, I have felt very few cravings to drink. It is great as a deterrent, so I have not even bothered to test any reaction to drinking.  The thought crossed my mind just to try, but the thought of being horribly Ill just to see if I would be didn&#039;t seem like the brightest idea!  Anyway, my main reason for posting this is to say that unlike many of these posts, I have suffered some side effects.  I&#039;ve struggled a little with sexual performance and have had some rash and acne issues.  I will visit the doctor to see what can be done about these because I don&#039;t want to stop this medication.  It works great. I am forty two and have been abusing alcohol for at least twenty years or so.  Almost seven weeks clean!"
"This medication is truly a double edge sword. This is only my personal experience with this drug. I liked it but won&#039;t be recommending it due to sexual and other side effects.
The positive: It works like a dream...as far as mood it will make you extremely mellow and easy going. 
The negative: It will make you shake-tremors. You will still have somewhat of a sex drive but impossible to achieve an orgasm. Weight gain, stomach cramps, restless and trouble sleeping."
"Taste bad, but it&#039;s working as prescribed. I took it before colonoscopy, which didn&#039;t show anything abnormal, but my bowel movement after procedure is almost perfect, I think because its working also as intestine cleaner."
"I had been on Quinine sulfate several years ago, for severe leg cramps in both legs and at that time is was a generic medication,  then FDA took all off the market  and allowed it to be brought back as a classified medicine, of course at a very high rate.  But this works!  I was at the breaking point with the pain, now I can still work, walk and sleep a full night without pain. What a wonderful feeling that is.
Thank you."
"I have been on Paxil for 13 years. This medication has saved my life. I was prescribed the medication for depression but recently, I was diagnosed with PTSD due to some things that took place when I served in the Marine Corps. I would be dead without this medicine. I am now on 60mg."
"I&#039;m tried other anti-anxiety meds., but Xanax is the only one that keeps my panic disorder in check, and I&#039;m had several others prescribed that were no effective.  I take 1 mg. 3Xdaily."
"I had very mild redness and was surprised when my dermatologist gave me a few rhofade samples. I only applied it once and discontinued because of weird tingling sensations all over my face. In about two days after that my face turned red and was covered with tiny pimples. I&rsquo;ve never had those before. It&rsquo;s been a week since and my face is slightly less red and no more pimples but overall it&rsquo;s still much worse than before rhofade. I&rsquo;ve never had any reaction to alcohol until then either but now a single drink makes my face red. I reported my case to FDA and will be looking for a different dermatologist. I think it&rsquo;s totally irresponsible to give out samples of medication that can cause lasting damaging effects."
"Stelara is an excellent medication.  I first contracted psoriasis through strep throat.  I  was covered in red spots from the neck down. Previously, I used a medication that cleared it up but it was harsh and made my hair fall out! I switched to Stelara and it cleared it up within days, I kid you not.  The only side effect has been fatigue and maybe a mild case of depression (which I&#039;m not sure can be attributed to the Stelara).  

I&#039;m only giving it a 9 because it won&#039;t clear up the patches on my face AND it is very expensive (right now the cost is 19,000 but Johnson &amp; Johnson is covering it).   Highly recommend though."
"I was prescribed Lexapro 10mg daily for severe depression when I was 22.  It blew me away by how well this little pill could make me feel.  Lexapro took care of my mental stress, but realized that I started getting side effects, which were leg cramps at night, night sweats, irritated stomach off and on, so I stopped taking it for 3 months, then all hell broke loose.  I had a panic attack while driving, and almost wrecked, was very moody with everyone, didn&#039;t want to talk to people, got overly emotional for no reason, so I made an appointment with my PCP, and was put on Effexor.  I feel the best I ever have, and don&#039;t have any side effects.  If I forget to take a dose, I become irritable, emotional, and very fatigued, so then I just take it."
"I got the implant in April of this year, and everything was going fine. Yeah I experienced some cramping and bad headaches but I was fine. Until now, my hair is falling out and starting to thin, I have bad chest pains, I get dizzy, nauseous, makes my stomach hurt with everything that I eat, depression, and suicidal thoughts. I&#039;m getting this thing out. I do not want all of my hair falling out. If this is what I gotta go through just to not get pregnant, sex is out of the question."
"Yesterday I started to feel the symptoms of a yeast infection so I bought the one day monistat egg. I took this before about two months ago and it burned like hell and was up all night. But this time I slept fine but when I woke up and peed it started to burn and itch like hell. I recommend going to sleep and inserting it as far up as you can and taking Advil and going to sleep. Although the medicine burns and itches within two days your symptoms should be gone. The stuff does work."
"I have taken Moviprep before, the first time for a laparoscopic exam, and I am now taking it again for another laparoscopy to remove endometriosis. The first time, I took Moviprep at the instructed times, first litre at 5pm and second litre at 8-9pm. It was awful! I had to be at the hospital for 6am, and I literally hadn&#039;t slept because I was still going the toilet. Thankfully I was still able to have the procedure. This time I took the first litre at 3pm and the second litre at about 6pm, it is nearly 11pm and it hasn&#039;t stopped yet, but hopefully I will get more rest than last time.
I think it definitely does what it is intended for but the taste is disgusting, it tastes like really salty lemons, much better if you use a straw!"
"Great and I&#039;ve been two years smoke free thank you so much"
"This is the 3rd time ive taken dulcolax, and my experience has been awful, all 3 times!! Be ready to experience stomach burn to the maximum.  It is so very awful. I gave it 3 chances, but that was it. It feels like you are going to die, the cramps and burning, not worth it. I am allergic to Miralax, so i will switch to a natural remedy, or maybe stay constipated, before i take this horrible pill again. I mean, it freaking works, but the stomach discomfort is insane... never again!"
"Magical.  I&#039;ve had hyperhydrosis of the underarms since I was a teen and this is literally the only product that has ever worked.  Dry as a bone and so happy to wear bright colors."
"I&#039;m a 19 year old girl and I&#039;ve been diagnosed with Anxiety for a long time but never had an anxiety attack until now. My doctor prescribed me this medicine yesterday after I told her I had an anxiety attack 1 day ago. My heart was literally at a speed of 100 but she gave me medicine to slow it down. It really helped me sleep last night too. This medicine took me about 30-45 minutes to kick in and then it knocked me out and I was fast asleep."
"I&#039;m going on my second week now. I had some burping and an over full bloated feeling that seems to have subsided. I also had a lil nausea at times but not bad. I had to force myself to eat the first week as well. Nothing sounded good. This coming Tuesday I go up to 1.8 dose. I though I was just imagining not being hungry because I like to eat but the fullness and over all lack of interest in food is awesome. Haven&#039;t weighed myself yet because I don&#039;t want to be discouraged, it&#039;s only been 2 weeks. Going to stick it out here&#039;s a tip, I bought Gas ex for the belching and tummy gas it helped a lot. Also don&#039;t eat late at night because what u eat is really slow to digest and it will keep u up at night. I do my shot at around 2 pm daily."
"I have been on it for two months now, and love the simple use. I don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill every day, or making sure patches are sticking properly.
The downsides are that I seem to have easier to get headaches, but so far the more painful ones are not happeneing more than perhaps twice a month. 
Another good thing though is that my menstruation is lighter and regular now. Before, it was very heavy and irregular."
"I&#039;ve used this medication for many years. I&#039;m currently at 60 MG per day (single dose). It has done a good job, although my good/bad ratio could be a bit better still.
HOWEVER, I do notice muscle aches when I use it. If I stop it, they stop. They are generally not severe, and not bad enough for me to stop using it.
I&#039;ve been told (by my doctor and others) that an over the counter supplement called CoQ10 can help this-I&#039;ve not tried this as of yet.
For people with muscle issues(check with the doctor if severe, of course), it may be worth a try (the CoQ10, I mean)."
"I had a similar experience to the person who posted before. After 2 surgeries in 5 years and going through almost all the drugs, we finally found something that works! Along with Micronor daily, Norethindrone for the past 8 months has done great with all my Endometriosis symptoms and I had them all.  No break through bleeding, no pelvic pain, no pain during sex."
"Once I got over the nausea, I loved how it helped me feel more human."
"This so called birth control took away 4 years of my life I can never get back! I ended up with copper toxicity, my hair fell out in clumps, my periods were so heavy I couldn&#039;t even leave my house because I was severely eniemic...let&#039;s not mention the severe anxiety that again kept me a prisoner in my home. 

When I finally had the torture device removed it came out rusty and falling apart!  I still suffer long term effects from it. It needs to be removed from the market ...nothing good comes from it!"
"I have had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for the last 15 years(C.O.P.D.). And of course, coughing has been a very troublesome problem for me. About 10 years ago I pulled a muscle in my back and the doctor prescribed hydrocodone for me. I noticed immediately that relieved me off considerably. It also helps me breathe much easier. I believe it is a very effective cough suppressant."
"it hurt like anything the first night but it worked ! I was back to normal no itching and my discharge was back to its regular state. if you can&#039;t handle the pain for the first two days then don&#039;t get it. it worked just fine for me."
"Took Ambien CR for the 1st time last night. It took me about 20 minutes to fall asleep, but I did wake up twice during the night and was able to go right back to sleep. I was expecting a full nights sleep without waking up."
"This medicine has been a life saver. I was to the point where I thought I&#039;d be in a constant state of panic (heart palpitations, increased blood pressure, hyperventilating). My symptoms initially got more intense once I started Zoloft, but after about 3-4 weeks I started to normalize. 

I started at 25mg daily, which helped side effects, and gradually worked my way up to 50 mg. I found taking 25mg in the morning and 25 mg at night helped keep the side effects to a minimum. 

After 2.5 months on Zoloft, I no longer need Xanax and my blood pressure has decreased dramatically. Whatever you do, don&#039;t hold up in your house while starting this medication. Get out and about, put yourself in uncomfortable situations."
"I was prescribed Lyrica about 3 years ago for post surgical neuropathy in my legs. While it does help with the nerve pain I accidentally stumbled onto another effect  of the drug, it absolutely wipes out my anxiety and depression. I&#039;ve been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, clinical depression, and PTSD. Nothing I&#039;ve tried in my experience has come close to helping my mental issues as much as Lyrica. There are some side effects in the beginning such as a little bit of a wobbly/buzzed feeling bit it subsides after a few days. The only two qualms I have with the drug are the price (about 12 bucks a pill without insurance) and I build a tolerance to it very quickly."
"I am late 60s with a demanding casual lover so absolutely need my best pal to work well. Unfortunately he began to let me down a year or so ago so on a friend&#039;s recommendation I got online prescription for Levitra. Amazing results, hard as a rock after about 45 minutes, and long-lasting as well. Even better, 3-4 times a night. She loves it, so do I."
"After several years of Zoloft use for GAD, I went off of it, under my dr&#039;s supervision. Felt Ok, then last year, had a lot of chronic pain, back &amp; arthritis...heard that Cymbalta was good for all those--pain, depression and anxiety. Psych doc gave me samples, seemed to kick in pretty well &amp; quickly. I have gone through 3 major surgeries in the last 18 months--and went off the Cymbalta b/c I thought I could handle it...Nope, I&#039;m a mess. Needed daily clonazepam to cope. I just went though a 3rd and (Hopefully!!) final surgery 5 weeks ago. Hadn&#039;t taken any Cymbalta for months. I am going back on. Just got thru the worst anxiety attacks in my life following the 3rd surgery. I think the dose for me was 60mgs, and I will start it up again."
"I have been using Yaz for 1 year and still can&#039;t get regular periods. In fact sometimes I have my period for 2 weeks. It is horrendous and after reading these reviews will be changing. It is crazy expensive too!"
"I am 30 years old. I had a multiple composite spinal injuries 15 years ago. The aches and pains unbearable. I started taking anti-inflammatories about 2 years ago. I started getting injections every month of Toradol and &quot;Depo&quot; something. I am almost off all pain meds I mean I still have bad days but I can function again."
"I was told in 2004 that I tested positive for Hep C. Nothing was done about it. My liver enzymes were always off the scale, but no civilian doctor made much effort to diagnose the problem. Some seem to think I may have contracted it through a blood transfusion in 1985. Who knows? 
The VA convinced me to be put on a 12 week program of Harvoni. So as it turns out I&#039;m a Genotype 1a with a viral load of over 1.4 million. The first week of drug therapy I had trivial side effects, but no big deal, mostly headaches subsided by drinking more water. I had insomnia already so I can&#039;t say the Harvoni effected it. 
Now, 34 days later, my blood tests show my viral load below 15. It definitely works."
"I&#039;ve only used this medication for a few days and let me tell you..my acne is horrible. New pimples will come up but don&#039;t mess with them. I use noxema morning and night to wash my face and I also use coconut oil, I leave that on for an hour then wash it off. Don&#039;t stop using this medication! It really helps. If your acne is going through a purging stage, natural remedies help the most! Vitamin e oil and cream, coconut oil, and natural face washes. Don&#039;t wear makeup either it helps a ton."
"GIVE THIS MEDICATION TIME TO WORK. I have been suffering with acne since I was 12 years old, and I am 39 now. I started spironolactone 8 weeks ago. I would say that the bumpiness in my skin improved within the first week. But the breakout during the 2nd week and the residual mess during week 3 had me wearing turtlenecks. But after that, I saw nothing but improvement. Less and less acne, skin smoothing out, less oiliness. Now I am about 95% clear and I only expect it to get even better!"
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin for two months for depression. On Effexor I gained 30 pounds. I have already lost the 30 pounds in two months and my depression is considerably better."
"(2/2) from 0.6 to 1.2 I know my digestive system has slowed way down My doctor prescribed Metonia and Domperidone to counteract these side effects which seems to be working for me  I also notice my appetite has continued to be low and I get full very quickly my blood sugar stabilized with 3-4 day after starting the Victoza and despite the side effects I am happy with this medication but hope not to be on it long term as I worry about long term side effects I would recommend this"
"Lost 40% of Achilles&#039; tendon!  All my tendons in hands, feet shoulders, neck ---actually, all o we my body are sore all the time!  Can&#039;t work out anymore, have a hard time doing housework, landscaping, sleeping, 
Can&#039;t open bottles. Put my bra on because of the soreness in my shoulder muscles etc. 
I hate this feeling all the time!  I am not myself anymore. Used to be the poster child of health for a 69 year old"
"I just started the 2 pills in the morning and one pill at night today. I have had no effects whatsoever other than feeling tired.  I have lost no weight and am hungry all the time.  I will continue it but not for much longer, very disappointed."
"This is my second month taking Low Ogestrel. Definitely has helped with hormonal acne breakouts.. Still get a pimple every once in a while when I&#039;m stressed and it&#039;s around my period. The only thing I&#039;m concerned about is having a brown discharge instead of my period during the placebo week."
"I will start off by saying it did cause weight gain. My clothes fit the same but the number on the scale went up about 7-10 pounds depending on the day. I cannot say this is solely because the drug- I think I can safely say that this is because my pain has improved so drastically that I have appetite again. I can keep the weight off if I really want to, but I am not overweight and I am content with my appetite finally being back after years of struggles that I don&#039;t think it&#039;s a problem. Regardless, I have been on lyrica for almost a year now. It has drastically improved my nerve pain, joint stiffness and swelling (along with a gallon of water a day), appetite, energy, and sleep. I am not pain free but no fibromyalgia patient truly ever is pain free but my pain has gone from an average of 8-9 down to a 4-5 on my good days. My flare ups are far less frequent and I only experience them once every two or so months which is a huge improvement over every other week. The length of the flare ups is also shortened from 3-5 days down to 2 days maximum. At the beginning of taking the medicine I was slightly drowsy but nothing dangerous. I only take it once a day and I am trying to keep it that way to avoid moving up to 2 doses a day. Lyrica is my miracle drug and has definitely given me my life back. My biggest complaint is the cost and insurance but it could be worse. It costs me $2 a day to feel normal again."
"Horrible experience! I&#039;m only on my 2nd month (as I have promised my Dr. i&#039;d keep trying it) I have had major depression/anxiety since I&#039;ve started this pill.  My sensitivity has shot way up, as so has my weight.  Still have cramping (which is why I started this pill in the first place). I have barely touched my boyfriend since taking this pill.  I went from having sex almost every day to having 0 sex drive. To the point where my boyfriend questioned my fidelity.  I stop taking it today. I&#039;d rather put up with the bad periods/cramps than go through this"
"I had 3 miscarriages after getting the depo shot and I bled for 3 months straight.  I missed my window for having another child. So sorry I got this shot."
"This implant is evil!! I had it put in September of 2015 and it has been nothing but a headache. For the first month I didn&#039;t have any side effects but by the second month my face started breaking out so bad and I haven&#039;t had acne since I was about 13. Now my breakouts are starting to spread to my neck and chest! I also didn&#039;t have a period for 10 months while on this implant but then the week of my wedding I started my period! Now I have a period every other week. I have also had several pregnancy scares since I have gotten into my second year on this implant. I have had all of the pregnancy symptoms but all the tests came back negative.. I&#039;m hoping to get this implant out soon and get back on the pill."
"I was given 7 monthly injections of Lupron, given to me at my PCP&#039;s office each month.  This was done for the fibroids I had and for the fact that I was on a plan to have an entire hysterectomy at the end of that 7 months. I bled very little really, but overall thats about the best thing I can say about that drug

After every injection I was an emotional basketcase before I could even get back to my car from the doctors office--emotional to the hilt.   I&#039;d go home and then...become lost in my own surroundings in my own home.  I would not recommend anyone who&#039;s planning on having a hysterectomy to use this &#039;pre-surgery&#039; drug. Ever.  I mean, its hard enough to have to get a hysterectomy to begin with, then make it harder on yourself?"
"To all the ladies reading the reviews and stressing out stop. This pill is very affective but stress will delay your period even more. Mine finally came today 9 days late. And I took the pill on day three after the &#039;accident&#039;. I just kept stressing and stressing having parsley in tea and taking in lots of vitamin c and cinnamon paranoid. Reading reviews all day. The incident happened like 5 days before my period was supposed to start so this waiting game seemed like forever. My friends kept telling me to relax but I felt like I was going to die being 18 and all with overprotective parents. It was my first time and it didnt happened all the way but my friends told me about precum so I was terrified. Having bad cramps right now and bleedin:D"
"I take it as prescribed and have no side-effect at all. It just helps take away the pain (which it does a good job of).  "
"Ever since taking this my throat has been swollen. I told the dr &amp; he doesn&#039;t think its from the Atenolol but it didn&#039;t start until then. Its hard to sleep at night. I have horrible eye pressure and it makes me anxious. I&#039;m hoping I can switch meds soon. It doesn&#039;t reduce my pressure much at all."
"I have had it for 4 months. I had one period. It makes me nervous not having a period, but it&#039;s apparently super effective. I have had no other side effectives. Not having to worry about taking a pill every day is wonderful! Everyone is different, but I definitely suggest it."
"I&#039;m currently taking it for sciatic nerve pain. Have previously taken narcotics with very little effect.  Diclofenac works wonders.  Mild upset stomach so far but not bad at all.  I&#039;ve also noticed that the drug seems to become more active when taken with a decent amount of food and when you are active."
"Getting this implant in was a huge mistake! I was spotting most of the month following my period. ? I can&#039;t waste so much money on pads! And the acne. Oh my goodness my skin was ravaged. I broke out in HUGE CYSTS. Now that it&#039;s out the cysts are gone, but I have deep pitted scars that are probably going to need laser treatments in order to get rid of. The only good thing is that you can just have it inserted and forget about it. I&#039;m going to try the copper IUD next since it doesn&#039;t have any hormones."
"I&#039;ve been having some discomfort that my doctor felt could be prostatitis. So, until I could get in for a CT Scan and also see a urologist, he put me on Septra DS.  Everything was going fine until day 6.  I was on my 23 anniversary weekend and I got up that morning to take a nice hot bath in the hot tub in our room. When I got out of the hot tub and started to dry off I noticed hives on my inner thighs.  Looking in the mirror, I noticed that I was also covered in hives from my armpit to my waist on both sides.  The culprit?  Septra DS.  Within the next few hours I was covered on my back, stomach, legs, arms, and a few on my lips. Allergic reaction."
"Ativan is a life-line for me some days."
"I just start taking levora am wondering if the bad feeling is gonna go away. In the mornings when I brush my theeth I feel like I want to vomit  It gives me the feeling as if am pregnant and am waiting to see if this is gonna continue else I really have to stop taking it"
"First of all, let me start by saying that I hear that this is an expensive drug because of how new it is. Luckily for me (perhaps, lol), my insurance considera me catastrophic due to my checkered past, and pays the entire price because they want me to take this medication and stfu lol. Since taking Seroquel XR, my life has improved so much, and I really have never felt more stable in my life. I&#039;ve tried anticonvulsants and other antipsychotics and they have not worked for me. This medication really does, to my surprise! The only downfall is that I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds taking it, but any antipsychotic will do that. Strongly recommend Seroquel XR!"
"I use to be on 800mg of morphine instant release. Withdrawal was immediate (4-8 hours) if I ran out or missed my doses, usually it was the latter. As it was easy to increase dose without major side effects, I was always taking more rather then less and having to lie to my doctor about why I was always early. Finally went to detox 3 times and then started methadone. My highest dose 120mg, now 105mg, which works well for my pain."
"I really wanted Wellbutrin to work. I was given 150 mg once daily. At first it seemed to be helping with minimal side effects, but about 4 or 5 weeks in I was so depressed and not even getting out of bed. I was so agitated, even with the addition of a mood stabilizer. Wellbutrin was not a pleasant experience for me."
"I got Mirena inserted 2.5 years ago. The insertion was slightly painful but I&#039;m good with pain. It wasn&#039;t till I left my doctors that I felt sharp cramps, which only lasted a day. At first I loved Mirena. I honestly can&#039;t take anyone&#039;s experience with Mirena less than a year seriously. That&#039;s because the first year of me having it I too thought it was amazing. No having to worry about the pill everyday, no bleeding, no pregnancy ! It was amazing, until about 9 months in. I started to get severe hormonal chin acne, mood swings, hair loss and dryness. I got my first BV infections, and the worst yeast infections. My sex drive is non existing anymore so that birth control within it own! Biggest factor was how crazy it&#039;s made me."
"I&#039;ve only been on the implant since July and its September now and I still have my period...my mood swings are off the wall and worst of all my boobs and behind have both gotten smaller..the thing that worries me the most is I weigh the same but I feel so different. My emotions are controlling my life it seems. I don&#039;t know whether to tough it out because I&#039;m not pregnant and that&#039;s working well for me or figure something else out...I&#039;ve also had two experiences of chest/ arm/ back pain and random fevers...doctors don&#039;t help me....idk what to do. I think it&#039;s a good thing if you don&#039;t want kids right now but is it worth messing with your emotions and life.."
"Been taking Metformin for type 2 diabetes for more than 10 years.  Over the last five years my memory has gotten so bad that I almost can&#039;t function at work, I am dizzy, anxious, cold, and often confused.  My doctor said it was not due to the Metformin.  I lowered my dose myself and the coldness stopped and other symptoms improved slightly.  A year later they were even worse.  I cut my pills in half to reduce my dose again, and most of the symptoms went away.  Now that I have been on this reduced dose a while, the symptoms are slowly coming back.  I won&#039;t be taking Metformin any more.  It is a terrible way to live not ring able to remember what someone just said to you, where you left off counting, or how to get to the store.  I am only 44."
"I get recurring cases of impetigo and Keflex is always my go-to drug. Keflex clears up the infection quickly, and I&#039;ve never experienced any side-effects, even if I take it on an empty stomach.  Highly recommended!"
"It has been great for treating the stomach ulcers but my insurance will only pay for 90 days in a 6 month period."
"I was recently in the hospital for a cyst that ended up being MRSA. It was one of the most painful things I&#039;ve been through and it took 3 days in the Hospital with Antibiotics and IV Pain Meds (Dilaudid) to get me stable enough to go home. I was on 4mg of Dilaudid IV every 2 hours. For me, about 1 1/2 hours after getting the Dilaudid push I was starting to get in pain again. When I got it though, my pain instantly disappeared and I could get some rest. I can&#039;t take Morphine because it makes me vomit. This medicine was my lifesaver! The only thing is it made me itch so the doctor gave me Benadryl with every dose. Had no problem after that."
"I tried 40 mg of this medication for about 8 weeks. Initially (1st 2 weeks) it seemed to work. Then, for the last 6 weeks, it seemed not to work. I had side effects of tummy pain, leg cramps and irritability. My doctor insisted I was getting better and just needed a higher dose. So she put me on 80 mg of this medication. I began to experience extreme bursts of anger and negativity, which of course only worsened the depression. I also had horrid stomach pain and couldn&#039;t tolerate it. After going off the medicine, I felt much better. No expense, no leg cramps, heart rate down, rage bursts abruptly stopped after about a week. Yay, I guess. Back to Amitriptyline..."
"Hydrocodone with acetaminophen seems to be the only thing that works without side effects."
"This is the ONLY medication that works!"
"If plan B worked for people it&#039;s because they were not meant to be pregnant in the first place. I took plan B within one hour and it failed. The condom slipped off but he mostly ejaculated in the condom. I was sure I had some sperm left around my vaginal walls so I took plan b. I suffered the worst abdominal cramps and it did nothing to prevent pregnancy."
"This medicine works extremely well, however, the next morning had a massive &quot;hangover&quot;. I have a horrible headache and feel like my head weighs a ton."
"For the past 2 years I have had itching on my head. Can be any area of scalp. None on face. I take 50 mg of antihistimine every day, just to keep it mild.  But it doesn&#039;t stop it. No redness, no dry scalp."
"The first time I had bv I was given cream for 5 days that worked fine, the second time with bv I had pills they were better than cream. 3 rd time with bv pill again for 7 days after day 2 the worst side effects ever had with any meds, only on day 4 and don&#039;t want to take anymore pills, metal taste in mouth, constant nausea, head aches I hate this pill but it seem its taking long to clear up. Still having discharge I rather have the cream."
"I have chronic allergies (undiagnosed). I suffer from dry , red, stinging eyes and a nose that gets stuffy even with turbinate reduction surgery as well as general fatigue and low energy. Claritin helped me feel functional again and I can look people in the eye when I talk to them. Nose it a lot more clear. It is VERY important to take it for a week before it provides full relief. This did not start working for me till day 4 and now I feel great , perhaps the best ever. 

I am giving it an 8 because it causes me dry mouth and my sleep is not the greatest.

The point of this review is not to fully trust all the negative reviews. Try it for yourself every day for one , maybe even 2 weeks and see how it affects you. 

Best of luck."
"The first week I started trulicity I was very nauseous! I take xigduo and truly city. I really didn&#039;t want to eat, it made me thirsty, I was drinking plenty of water. The only side effect I had was the nausea, it felt like when was pregnant but after the first week it stopped. I&#039;ve lost 15 healthy pounds in 3 weeks with dieting and exercise. I recently became sick (unrelated to the medications) and had to stop taking my xigduo due IV contrast for the next two days, well my blood sugar numbers are still below 120 with trulicity alone. It&#039;s been working good for me."
"This is the greatest acne soap on the market.  I had an extreme case of acne when  I was in high school.  After using Fostex for 2 weeks my skin was as clear as. "
"I was put on Lutera because of my unpredictable periods. I was bleeding non-stop for three months straight and after starting to take this pill the bleeding has stopped and almost two weeks later has not started again. Although I&#039;m happy it&#039;s regulating my periods I have found it to make me extremely sick. It makes me nauseous to the point where everything is spinning. In addition it has caused significant mood swings. I find myself getting upset quicker and have more of an appetite. The most significant problem I have had is problems with visions. Upon taking the pill I&#039;ve had trouble focusing and getting dizzy. I&#039;m going to continue for two more months to try to regulate my period then coming off Lutera due to the way I&#039;m feeling."
"Husband has been on Endocet for 7 years. It was the only narcotic pain reliever that works for him.  He refuses to accept other generics as they do not work as well for him.

I am sure body chemistry plays a roll in which med works for each individual.  For him, Endocet is the best."
"I started this depo shot back in September 2016 because it was suggested that I got on birth control for a few reasons. The first two months (September and October) were great... I didn&#039;t even get my period the entire time. But once November (my last month) came, I was bleeding non-stop. It wasn&#039;t heavy bleeding but everyday I needed to wear a pad cause I was bleeding enough for one. The whole month of November I couldn&#039;t even have sex cause I was bleeding like crazy and it wouldn&#039;t stop! Not only that, but I really hated the way that this birth control made me feel... I was extremely moody and almost depressed for some of December. I was so happy when I was off the shot and I&#039;m now on birth control pills and so far it&#039;s going well"
"Have had chronic lower back pain for over a decade. Insurance co made me switch to Xtampza from OC. First few weeks were a bit of a challenge because we had to find what dosage strength and dosing frequency was best for me. But once we got through this, I find the drug works well when I use as directed particularly as it relates to diet. Also have my backup of fast acting pills when I have breakthrough pain. I think people that say this drug doesn&#039;t work aren&#039;t being dosed appropriately or they have just been on high doses of OC alongside short-acting narcotics for so long that they are just too far along to be helped by anything new because your bodies have just gotten so used to your incredible high dose OC regimen. Sorry but push through"
"I used this pill for less than 5 full months. The 1st month, I had headaches, breast tenderness and nausea. The 2nd month I spotted for 14 days straight. I even had cramps. I also had nausea and felt really hungry. The 3rd and 4th month were the best! Short periods, almost no cramps. I also had a little acne. The 5th month I started to spot 10 pills in and I haven&#039;t stopped since. It&#039;s been 9 days. I switched pills 2 days ago and I&#039;m still spotting because of LoLo. It&#039;s not a terrible pill but I don&#039;t recommend it. Spotting continuously is really not fun and expensive. I&#039;m hopeful my new birth control will get the spotting to stop soon."
"Been using since 2002.  Has controlled my anxiety.  Even though I could have gone off of in 2005, have decided that it is not worth going off of.  I like the assurance that normal will stay normal."
"This medication caused me severe, episodic dizziness."
"I am using the Monistat seven and I am telling you this stuff burns and itches so bad. it is ridiculous I have been burning and I have been itching for the past hour I&#039;ve been  taking the medicine for four days and the burning is still extremely unbearable I really want to know who approved this because this feels horrible I am just glad that the burning and itching means it works  but it is extremely extremely too unbearable. My YI is nowhere near as bad as this."
"I have been on Arimidex for almost a year now; as far as side effects, most problematic for me seems to be weight gain.  Sure hope and pray I have no more serious side effects than this.  Take my Arimidex every morning with breakfast."
"I really wanted to like this birth control. It cleared up my acne significantly and my period was light and around two days. Unfortunately about a month and I half into it I started itching like CRAZY. Anywhere I scratched little red bumps would come to the surface of my skin. I had no idea what was going on and thought I was allergic to my new deodorant and it took me about two weeks to decide to go to the doctor. She told me I was the second person to come in on the same BC with the same problems! She had me immediately stop taking it and the itching stopped within the next couple of days. Another note, this BC did make me extremely moody. So maybe it was for the best I was allergic to it!"
"We&#039;ll I&#039;ve had spots on my cheeks, neck, forehead and the bridge between my eye brows for ages, they never mature (into a whitehead) but just seem to stay and blend in with my skin leaving my skin tense, dry, and dark especially around the cheeks, I was prescribed 30g Duac on 19/02/16 so I shall return in about a month for an update but after a week I see no changes to my skin as of yet!"
"I have found that as a 8 year drug addict to painkillers I was able to focus on staying off my drug of choice by taking Adderall. I believe it has helped me stay clean and off all painkillers for 1 year now. "
"Reduced my libido to absolutely nothing, daily migraines, cystic acne, cramps became worse, I had no emotions, hair loss/lifeless hair, and I gained 8 pounds within one month of starting this birth control. I just stopped taking this medication and hopefully my body will be able to get back to normal. I have taken other birth control medications in the past and none of them affected me like this one so just beware of reclipsen."
"November 2013 I had surgery to remove a 10-pound fibroid tumor, ever since then I have had irregular periods. My husband and I have been trying to get pregnant for 5 years with no luck. I have multiple ovarian cysts that are causing sharp shooting pain. I was just put on Provera 10mg for 6 days during day 16-21 last month. After the first day of taking it, I have been bleeding heavily; I have used a whole box of pads in less than 7 days of bleeding. I am used to having 1-3 day period, so this sucks major."
"As an adult, I was prescribed this medicine for sinusitis and Otis media (fluid in my inner ear) for 10 days.  I went back to the doctor to have my ear checked and still had fluid in my ears.  After only 3 or 4 days off the medicine, I became worse, went back to the doctor again who prescribed another 14 days on this medication along with 9 days of Prednisone.  I still have a middle ear infection.  "
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring just over three months and I love it. Had a little weight gain at the beginning but that can happen with all birth controls. I only just had my first period on it and it was short, painless and no moodiness with it! Great! Also my sex drive has increased and both me and my husband don&#039;t feel it! No loss of ring or falling out! Wish I had heard about Nuvaring years ago!"
"I&#039;m a 36 year old female. I was overweight by 13 lbs. I know that&#039;s not a lot but I was afraid of gaining even more weight. I was hungry all the time. I would eat a big meal at lunch and feel like I was starving an hour later. My doctor prescribed me Belviq 6 weeks ago, I&#039;ve lost 20 lbs so far. I use my Gear fit 2 to track my steps and water intake. I&#039;m also using the S health app on my phone to track my calories. I eat no more then 1200 calories per day. I only drink water. No alcohol, no soda, no coffee. The first day I took Belviq, I did have a headache and I felt dizzy. By the next day I felt normal again. I went on the Belviq website to download their coupon. I do not go through my insurance. I pay $75 per month. Well worth it!"
"Am on day six of 10 course for pneumonia. Had a injectable at Dr. Office and then oral meds. Noticed major improvement in coughing and wheezing in 48 hours. Nearly all pneumonia symptoms now abated. Have had major side effects. No appetite, severe dizziness and confusion (just trying to answer work email has been a challenge). I&#039;ve also experienced constipation and very bad acid reflux. Overall very effective but I&#039;m pretty incapacitated by the side effects."
"I have fibromyalgia; my doctor prescribed Tramadol (Ultram) between 50-200 mg/day as needed. It worked great for about 6 months. Then I started itching all over. The itching was worse than the pain. I find that now I can only take 50 mg/day (before bed). If I take any more than that, the itching returns. Benadryl only helps a little. It was a wonderful medicine for me while it lasted."
"I have been on Lyrica for 1.5 years and it took away 90% nerve pain. HUGE weight gain 30lbs, blurry vision, A LOT of swelling through out my body, confusion. "
"I was wondering why I was so fatigued and now the mystery is solved thanks to this page.  It has alleviated the UTI symptoms but from reading through the board, it looks like there are better options."
"I just started the nuvaring last month, my first 3 weeks on it were awesome. I had the implant in my arm for 2 1/2 years and bled all the time so I decided to try the nuvaring. My first month was the best! I didn&#039;t gain any weight (I weigh in daily), I was a little moody (but I&#039;m naturally pretty moody/emotional anyways), and the constant irregular bleeding was stopped and regulated within days on it. The only downside of it for me was I started getting headaches from it - easily cured with water and Advil! Another issue I had was my doctors didn&#039;t describe how to remove it/location so I was panicking about that but it was easy once I figured it out! Just set it and forget it for 3 weeks - I love it!!!"
"I have suffered from anxiety my whole life but it never got to the point where I felt like it was ruining parts of my life. Then both of my parents got sick and out of nowhere I could barely eat, go out and everyday felt like a battle. I was prescribed Lexapro and at first I was so anxious to take the medicine that the first week of taking it really spiked my anxiety. After about 10-14 days I felt amazing! I could eat again without feeling like I was choking on everything and I felt like my old self again. Actually like a better version of my old self. I would strongly recommend this medicine to anyone suffering from anxiety. Just know that it takes a little while for it to work and the first week can be terrible. Just stick with it!"
"I have been in methotrexate for 6 weeks now. So far, itchiness has been reduced significantly; lesions in my lower leg have dried up (light brown now); other lesions appear to be clearing up though slowly. Side effects to me are nausea, feeling giddy and occasional headache though not severe. 

May I ask those who are in the same medication: how long did it take for all lesions to be cleared? about 70% of my body has psoriasis. Thank you.   ."
"I had mild acne until I went on Benzaclin. Usually 4-5 pimples at any time. After using Benzaclin for a week, I can say my acne has completely cleared up! I apply a thin layer all over my face. It is very tempting to apply more to troublesome areas but additional product will only cause dryness. I still have red marks from where the pimples were but am sure that within a month or so they too will be gone!"
"They make me feel good and productive only use it when I have pain that won&#039;t go with  the usual medication."
"I have been on Repatha for over 6 months.  It has worked wonderful for me.  My cholesterol is down to approximately 30.  

Sadly I note some side effects on certain patients as noted in some of these reports.   I am sorry to hear of this as Repatha certainly has done it&#039;s job for me.   As for me-

I have had NO SIDE EFFECTS  from REPATHA.  When I administer this drug into my belly, (the needle barely penetrates the skin) I have a slight sensation of this substance going into my body.  This feeling lasts for about 30 seconds.

I have had quad by-pass surgery and most certainly am trying to keep my cholesterol count to a minimum.  Repatha is certainly doing this with me.

I would not hesitate to suggest Repatha to any of my friends or family."
"Drowsiness but no sleep, so much worse than the Ambien and Lunesta that at least work a little.  Finally fell asleep at 6am, woke three hours later, felt like death all day.  Dizzy, drowsy, poor appetite, felt like my body was made of lead.  I&#039;m often low energy but this was scary.  Took for one night, would rather stay awake all night than do it againz"
"I&#039;ve had Hep c for 31 yrs, Genotype 2 , and today I just took my first pill .. Feeling hopeful to the side effects I&#039;ve heard are minimal .. I will update you all in a few weeks . Thank you all for your opinions on this magical drug ."
"While on this drug, I could not look at something without it moving. I felt a severe pain behind my eyes and no longer was able to sleep. I was put on this medication where they use it for patients with seizures more than any other drug. It was honestly a horrible experience, I would rather have seizures than be on this to be 100% honest with all of you. Really awful, do not let your doctors push this crap on you, I promise it is not worth it!"
"The taste was the worst part, followed by all the water. I mixed the first dose with white cherry powerade after reading the recommendations of some the reviews, and I wish I hadn&#039;t. That made it worse. I could hardly stomach it. My instructions said to drink it within 20 min, but I think it took three or four hours for me to finish 70% of it. I gave up on the rest and poured it back into the little bottle so I could use the water cup, and after my stomach calmed down attempted to drink the remainder. It was easier drinking it out of that little bottle since I couldn&#039;t smell it. The second morning dose mixed with plain water was much easier to swallow. Bowels were liquid fairly quick, though weren&#039;t clear until 2hr before procedure."
"Well I had a terrible experience on this birthcontrol. I won&#039;t say it&#039;s a terrible birth control because I know everyone is different. But starting off I experienced mild nausea and mood swings. I was much more snippy then usual and irritable. After the first week I started getting a few deep cystic pimples, one along my jaw and another on my chin. The worst part was my first menstrual cycle, it was excruciating strong cramps like someone stabbed me, radiating to my legs and stomach. I couldn&#039;t walk. LARGE clots, I ran thru super plus tampons every hour. I became so anemic I was advised to go to the ER by my PCP. But over all, I didn&#039;t get pregnant? Wasn&#039;t worth it to me. I stopped after two months I couldn&#039;t adjust to this pill."
"I had this put in about 6 months ago after I had a miscarriage due to the type of blood I have. Anyways, I have had it for a while now and didn&#039;t have any problems with it until now. I have been having my uterus contract as if I were having another miscarriage for the past month and a half now. I have to take 5 ibuprofen every morning to even wake up feeling okay, and now I am pretty sure that I have a ectopic pregnancy and if so then that means I am going to lose another baby. I HIGHLY don&#039;t recommend it."
"I&#039;ve had it for two year now. It works great, I haven&#039;t had any surprise pregnancies... But, I have gained 40 lbs since  then despite exercising a 3-5 times a week and controlled eating habits. The first few months I felt really fatigued and got a lot of large acne flare ups and my appetite increased like crazy - I was never satisfied/full. I gained 10 lbs those first few months. I&#039;ve had no bleeding at all, which was nice. Those are my only complaints. I will be getting off the shot bc with all my physical activity and limited eating, I still gain weight :("
"I&#039;ve been fighting with sleep issues for 9 years now, and was just diagnosed with Idiopathic Hypersomnia this Wednesday. I&#039;ve been taking 250mg/day of Nuvigil since Friday morning. The medication worked great during the day on Friday. I used to sleep somewhere between 12 - 18 hours per day, and would fall asleep any time. I was relaxed up until then. However, I couldn&#039;t sleep Friday night at all. Took it again Saturday morning after no sleep, and it dragged me through the day. Still couldn&#039;t force myself to sleep Saturday night. Finally slept 3 hours last night after experiencing hallucinations. Hoping I&#039;ll acclimate well after a few weeks, as Friday I felt better during the day than ever before. Want that feeling back again."
"I have scoliosis and lots of leg cramps due to diabetes. Soma has a relaxing effect and your muscles release. I&#039;ve been taking them for 9 years. I take 4 per day no long term problems for me. "
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for exactly 6 days and I&#039;m still experiencing minor cramping. The spotting only lasted for a day and a half. I&#039;ve gotten used to the cramping but if it gets too annoying I just pop a Motrin. The process itself was extremely painful because I&#039;d never experienced cramps before hand. I&#039;d say the part that was painful though was the dilation of my cervix. The second day was much better. I didn&#039;t have a sex drive for the first 3 days but on the 4th day I was ready to go. My face is clearer than ever. No regrets. Results may vary guys. Make your GYN your bestie just to stay on top of things. Good luck!"
"I started risperidone after my last hospitalization for PTSD with psychosis. Before risperidone I suffered from insomnia, nightmares, and paranoia that lead me to full blown psychotic state. I now live a more normal life with few symptoms. I take risperidone with sertraline and clonazepam at night then pass out for about 10 hours. I suffer from mental fog and lack of emotion on the drug. I don&#039;t fully wake up until about 4 pm after my afternoon nap. It has also caused my periods to stop and enlarged breasts that leak once I up&#039;d to 2 mg. Going to try ziprazidone next to see if I can have better quality of life."
"Opcon-A relieves my eye soreness and eliminates redness better than any other over-the-counter product (such as Visine) and Pataday (Rx and a bank loan are required, but it causes eye twitching after a few days of use as Pataday instructs).  I use Opcon-A once or twice per day only on days that my eyes become tired due to combination of chronic dry eye, possible eye allergy, and lack of sleep. (My eyes are red even on good days except for a while after using Opcon-A.) At age 58 now, no side effects have been observed despite occasional use for many years."
"on Prozac (Lovan) for 4 years, felt it was no longer helping and read about a type of antidepressant that targets your neorephrine (noradrenaline) re uptake, not just seratonin. mentioned it to doctor, he recommended Pristiq but I had to stop taking the Prozac for a month before starting Pristiq (hell.) Thought I made a terrible mistake as it didn&#039;t start working for at least 3 months. Difference is Prozac inhibits you from feeling emotions whereas Pristiq allows you to feel and be able to deal with them. No side effect but if I miss a dose in morning by lunchtime I&#039;m so dizzy and lightheaded!"
"I have had a tremendous hacking cough with walking pneumonia. At my one week follow up, a coughing jag in front of the doctor made him immediately prescribe this drug in the 200mg dosage twice daily. I took it for the first time last night and felt a bit disoriented when it first kicked in. It kept me quiet for most of the night. No cough medicine is going to completely stop your coughing -- and I don&#039;t think you&#039;d want it to. Having said that, I&#039;ve gotten 8 hours of blessed relief and am grateful for this medicine."
"I have been prescribed Citalopram for post traumatic stress disorder. I actually don&#039;t mind the initial side effects, a slight jaw gurning, dilated pupils, tingles in the head and a general feeling of mild euphoria, which increases when I drink coffee, since the alternative was gut-wrenching fear and panic, pushing loved ones away and an inability to concentrate on anything as I sank into despair.  It has stabilized my moods. I feel good, I feel like spending time with people, little things don&#039;t bother me, I don&#039;t over analyze, so it works really well for me."
"A minute after inserting the first depository my area shown there started itching :( more so than it did before! I googled if this itching was normal and came across this website w reviews and was glad I&#039;m not the only one experiencing them. I just wish i would&#039;ve read them prior to spending $15 for this and used it to go to the doctor instead! This is a waste of money."
"I had tried patches before and nothing stays on but about 4 yrs ago I tried SalonPas which were ridiculously inexpensive so my expectations were extremely low and they stayed on UNTIL I TOOK IT OFF BY CHOICE OVER 6 HOURS LATER but they they contained no lidocaine ...within last month I heard they came out with lidocaine patches and rushed to get them ..only $8.00 for box of 5 or 6 and so happy I did they have come through again with low cost effective (more so than name brand) pain relieving product.."
"After two and a half months of constantly being &quot;down in the hole&quot;, my mood is finally starting to improve. I went from 10 to 20mg and it finally started working. Don&#039;t give up!"
"I was on this medicine for about 6 months and in that time I felt worse than when I wasn&#039;t taking it. It took the migraines away but I still had muscle aches, fatigue, hair loss, dry skin, brittle nails and more. The huge symptom I had on this medicine that bothered me is the depression. I felt dread and doom everyday. I couldn&#039;t take it anymore, so I stopped taking it, then I went to a different doctor that prescribed me Armour."
"These things are all true, but it is also a very urinary specific drug that does the job when a lot of broad-spectrum antibiotics won&#039;t."
"I had the IUD before beginning nexplanon, the IUD was the worst, it pinched inside and it stole my sex drive beware!! I&#039;ve had nexplanon for over 2 years already. The first half a year with it, I experienced annoying mood swings. You will gain weight if you don&#039;t take care of yourself (diet/exercise), almost guaranteed! First year no periods, second year periods are now twice monthly. It is effective on preventing pregnancy. Yet you have to think about the side effects, as other birth control. The IUD was a nightmare for me, please do your research!!! If I can choose between that and nexplanon I would choose nexplanon for sure. Probably the worst for me are the even heavier periods, it&#039;s almost like they are backed up from last year."
"I personally I liked the Nuvaring. I am very forgetful and I had been on the pill before, so I am happy I switched to this. I was on it for about a year, and just now switched to Nexplanon, because of my insurance. Nuvaring worked very well for me for the most part. The first 3 months when I put the ring in after the ring free break, I would be very nauseous because my body didn&#039;t have the hormones for a week, that was a downside. Another thing is about 6 months into it I felt like I had no sex drive. That lasted for about 2 months or so but I am not sure if I can blame the ring for that. Other than that, I would recommend it!"
"I was told Tamiflu was amazing but I didn&#039;t think it was going to be. I got the medicine the first day I discovered I had all the symptoms of the flu. I was running a fever of 102 and my body was killing me. It hurt to move at all. I took my first dose at night. I woke up the next morning and my body felt like I had experienced a miracle. My muscles weren&#039;t sore anymore AT ALL. I felt at least 50% better after one dose! I&#039;m on day 3 of the medicine and I feel pretty good considering how the flu usually has you feeling. I predict I will be fully functioning by tomorrow."
"I am literally  so thankful for this medication, even though I don&#039;t even take it anymore.  I took it for 1.5 years. I had horrible insomnia. I was in my first year of med school, and it was getting to the point where my mind was so cloudy, so sick from the lack of quality sleep that I began nearly failing my tests. I had anhedonia, social anxiety, suicidal dreams, no appetite, etc. The first night I took trazodone, my life changed, and all my symptoms washed away. The moment I began sleeping well on trazodone, my grades shot up, my social anxiety was gone, etc etc. This saved me life."
"Look for a 3M brand product called TEGADERM. It is a transparent dressing. It&#039;s amazing at keeping the duragesic patches on.
I think fentanyl patches are excellent for chronic pain."
"I&#039;ve been using Otezla for around three months now.  I had some minor side effects of loose stool and headaches.  They have subsided and don&#039;t affect me anymore.  I&#039;m probably 80% clear now.  This time of year I normally have a large increase of lesions.  Not only have the lesions gone away, no new ones have formed.  It will be nice to wear shorts and short sleeve shirts again.  For me, this med has worked great."
"Aviane was my first and only birth control method. I did not experience any of the negative side-effects, save for some occasional bloating. It didn&#039;t affect my mood, and it was fairly easy to use. It&#039;s great, and I&#039;m going to start up on it again now that I&#039;m in a new relationship after a year of the single life. I&#039;d still recommend using condoms as well, but from the sounds of it, other ladies find this pill very reliable!"
"This medication has provided constipation relief. I have been taking it for a year. I have followed the directions of taking the medicine 30 minutes before breakfast...my experience has been that if I don&#039;t make it a point to go to the restroom within 30 minutes after breakfast, I won&#039;t be able to release. I&#039;ll be bloated all day. I noticed this when I found myself preoccupied at work and realized that I had forgotten to use restroom. I have been having my breakfast and making it a point to go to the restroom within 15 minutes and it has been great. I do get bloating and some cramping after eating lunch. I wish I could use the restroom after every meal though."
"The acidophilus with pectin radiace and digestive ......I read reviews on other sites and decided to try this product it great with digestion and yeast I give it a 100% rating
NO MORE YEAST WITH THIS .a,hundred capsule u take it weeks before to help fight off yeast inflection.and week after.Im glad of the reviews that are true so I give a raring thats a sure go .ive used this product and still is a good one.."
"I&#039;ve been on the nuva ring for about 3 years now. I have had no problems except I literally have no sex drive anymore. Which really sucks. I constantly feel bad for my boyfriend of 4 years because I just have no desire for it at all, which makes sex painful because I am not wet enough. This is unfortunate because I love every thing about the nuva ring besides that one issue. However, I am still probably going to switch to something else because that is a big factor for me."
"Had a thyroidectomy about 6 years ago, gained lots of weight almost every day since. Then my endo put me on Qsymia for a little more than 3 weeks now, down 14lbs. Other than a minor amount of dry mouth and minor tingling in my feet, no side effects. Really helps with hunger and cravings for sweets.  So far, good stuff!"
"I&rsquo;ve been on nexplanon for 9 months 

Pros : don&rsquo;t have to worry about taking it on time, easy and fairly painless  insertion, doesn&rsquo;t have negatives of an IUD like cramping and painful sex, don&rsquo;t have to think about it, bigger boobs (some people may not like this), less periods, no babies

Cons: getting hormonal acne (I have never had acne growing up until now at 23...) , random periods that you can&rsquo;t predict (even at 9 months it will come for 3 weeks even and go away for a long time- it&rsquo;s annoying), expensive

I&rsquo;ve also have had an lower libido but not sure if it&rsquo;s from BC but my doctor can tell there&rsquo;s a lot of hormonal things going on that I haven&#039;t had before."
"I must have gotten Hep C back in the 70s when I shot heroine for a fun experience.  What a jerk when I found out about 10 years ago that I had Hep C.  I was involved in a trial using interferon  injections that was a disaster and the study was discontinued because it did not work.  It destroyed my thyroid, I lost my hair and got really sick.  I just started on Harvoni today and appreciate reading all your experiences as I&#039;m a bit scared,  I&#039;m glad that I&#039;m getting the Harvoni for free.   No side affects so far except gratefulness."
"Took 1 tablet by mouth twice a day and it was prescribed for 7 days. Experienced multiple side affects such as vomiting constantly, headache, nausea and dizziness. I couldn&#039;t handle it anymore so I stopped on the second day. Didn&#039;t work for me."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 years, it works as I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. My first 3 months were horrible with nausea and vomiting on the first 2 weeks of the pack. I take my pill at night so waking up on the first weeks of the pack was horrible. My doctor warned me of feeling &#039;morning sickness&#039; but the nausea subsided after the 3 months. I still occasionally get some nausea but it&#039;s only if I missed a dose and had to take 2 on the same day. My periods are about 3 days and light. I always get it by the third day of taking the placebo pills.  Some months I get cramps but they&#039;re not painful. I get  PMS one week before my period, and I&#039;ve noticed I get really depressed, emotional And get chin acne. I&#039;ve gotten used to it so I&#039;m okay with it."
"I tried Savella with the starter pack.  I experienced terrible nausea, insomnia, hot flashes, racing heart and fever.  My doctor reduced the dosage back to 12.5 mg but with very little improvement of side effects.  She finally told me to stop taking it.  I have had great results with my other medications and I wasn&#039;t having any issues but my doctor wanted me to try this new &quot;great&quot; medication.  I haven&#039;t felt this bad in years.  If I were having problems I could understand her trying the Savella with me but for ME this medicaiton made me feel worse than I have in a very long time.  I am relieved to be off of it.  In the future if my other medications become less effective I might give it another shot.. but for now &quot;No Thanks&quot;."
"39 year old male, 1st colonoscopy.  I had already read several of the reviews of the product but did not fully know what to expect.  Started 1st dose at 6pm night before procedure and meds began working around the 1 hour mark.  No cramping, pain or discomfort whatsoever.  Took the second dose at midnight with similar results.  Finished getting ready of all the liquids an hour before the procedure and everything went smooth.  Aside from the obvious bad taste, the doses worked fine.  No side effects other than lost sleep prepping for an early morning procedure."
"I have struggled with Acne since puberty. I started using Atralin in my 40&#039;s. This has been the only product to ever get my acne under control. So nice to be free from worry. Go to the beach, work out, wear no make up sometimes! I wish this was around when I was younger and perhaps would of avoided so much scaring. For me my scars are really all over except my face so I did luck out with that. Also it makes skin smoother and skin look younger. Cost has gone now which is a plus ,used to be very expensive when it first came out. If I stop it acne always comes back. So I have to use it every night. I combine it with another acne lotion from my dermatologist. I have light sensitive skin and it does not irritate it like other products."
"I&#039;ve spent many hours reading all sorts of horror stories on MoviPrep.  Here&#039;s mine (I&#039;m currently on the final glass of the 2nd dose).  Two days before procedure I ate very lightly.  Yesterday, I ate nothing, but did drink lots of fluids including Gatorade.  Drank the first 32 oz at 6 pm.  Took me 1.25 hours to get it down.  Tastes yucky, but not THAT bad.  Results started pretty much right after that and I stayed in the toilet for a solid hour or more.  It didn&#039;t hurt, just a little uncomfortable and some tummy gurgling.  Went to bed and got some sleep, but woke up feeling a little nauseous.  Then I had to get up at 3:30 to do my 2nd liter.  Almost done now.  We&#039;ll see if all goes well at appointment."
"Zoloft (Sertraline) is an SDRI which was prescribed to me for Social Anxiety and Depression. I am currently at 200mg, although I started at 25mg and was eventually risen to my current dose. This was not rapid, as it actually took three months before I reached my current dose due to an insufficient response to lower doses.

In my experience, this medication managed to ease my depression - from severe to mild and persistent to occasional, also this effect was notable at only 75mg. Social Anxiety was slightly more troublesome, not responding to lower doses although I eventually, after three months, began to notice a slight change in the severity of my SAnD when I reached 150mg. I am currently noticing changes, although quite slowly."
"Great site, read all the comments, I have only 1 kidney and been suffering form BPH for the last 3 plus years due to 1 Kidney removal. Have tried flow max - horrible side effects and loss of any
sexual appeal. Having 1 kidney Hopefully my urologist can prescribe Cialis, Again great comments."
"I will never take Cipro again.  After the 3rd pill, I developed tingling in my hands, legs, and feet. I stopped taking it, but the symptoms still persist.  I cannot sleep at night and the tingling is constant.  I&#039;ve read this is called being &quot;floxied&quot; and is more common than you might think.  I am seeing a Naturopathic doctor next week to try to reverse these awful side effects.  Don&#039;t take Cipro!"
"45 year old male. Healthy but fat.  Falling Libido, no energy, no joy of life, cranky, lack of focus and gaining weight. Fatigue so high it was hard to get out of bed. 
T levels 170. I have been on Axiron for 60 days.
Wow what a difference.  First few days I had some nausea and cramping, mood improvement was next followed by increased energy and screaming boost in libido. Wife now dreads the new me, she thought she was done running away and keeping me off her.  Back in the Gym after 30 days.  Still going 3 days a week doing 45 min of Cardio and 15 min weight lifting.  Not a lot but for me its huge improvement. Insurace wants to talk to my Doctor about my need.  This product is awesome and I will fight to keep it."
"I&#039;ve taken Lyza for a few months now and sometimes I forget to take it or miss a few days but it still works pretty well. My periods have been getting shorter each time month and I have not experienced weight gain. But then again I exercise and eat fairly healthy on a daily, but I do get headaches and I&#039;m pretty sure it&#039;s not from the pills it&#039;s more from me not wearing glasses and I have terrible vision! But it seems to be working for me."
"I have been taking seasonale for two months now.  I noticed I have been extremely tired and have a low sex drive.  I gained weight while on it which is not like me because I am very careful with my body.  I feel very blah and low now that I am on it.  I had breakthrough bleeding right away and have spotting every time I shower or go to the bathroom.  I do not like how this pill has made me feel.  I am going off of it today."
"Shingles 5 years ago , chronic PHN Trigeminal Upper Branch Nerve Pain Discomfort since , used Lidoderm Lidocaine patch , that lost it&#039;s ability to relieve , tried other topical creams Eucerin skin calming creme w/ drop of Geranium Oil mixed and worked into affected area , after awhile that lost it&#039;s ability as well .
Tonight tried Capzacin again , used years ago didn&#039;t do much , yet tonight it did , we&#039;ll see tomorrow ."
"I was put on paroxetine for anxiety and depression and it has helped me so much! I first started out on lexapro which caused me horrible insomnia and suicial thoughts. Which led my doctor to putting me on this medicine instead. It took my body about 3 months to start seeing improvements but I stuck with it and I&#039;m happy I did. My anxiety has gone down significally and my depression has for the most part subsided. I have my days, but who doesn&#039;t. I didn&#039;t expect medicine to cure it. 

I first started taking this medicine around dinner time because it makes you feel drowsy, but once my body got used to it, I&#039;ve been taking it around noon. So glad my doctor prescribed me this medicine. I feel as if I can fully enjoy life now."
"I have been dealing with constipation on and off for a month.  I had taken some stool softeners with limited success, and my mom recommended that I try Dulcolax.  I took two pills at 10 PM.  I started feel rumblings in my stomach around 45 minutes later, so I did some research to find out if that was normal.  I saw all the negative reviews and immediately drank 32 more ounces of water on top of the 8 I had taken with the pill.  I slept soundly through the night and had three bouts of diarrhea followed by a normal BM in the morning.  I was completely done within one hour of waking up, and I had a normal day after that.  I didn&#039;t have any cramping, sweating, nausea,etc."
"I&#039;m a 62 year old male and have been smoking since I was 19. For the past 20  years pack a day. Tried to quit before, cold turkey. Tried the patch 3x... Wellbutrin last time. PCP had prescribed Chantix before and I chickened out on using it.  

Am now 8 weeks on Chantix. Last smoke was at the end of the first week. Have not smoked since Quit Day... and haven&#039;t had an awful lot of urge to smoke either.  I&#039;ll sometimes now forget to take my pill until 9-10am when I remember it ... same in the evening... which means if I wake up at 2am.  I am AWAKE.  Bummer.  So definitely need to remember the evening pill at 6pm ... which is when I get my daily phone call from Get Quit.

Just picked up my 3rd month of Chantix."
"When I took Mucinex D maximum strength for the first time, I did have great relief of congestion, but I also experienced very scary rapid heartbeat, dizziness and anxiety. The anxiety may be due to feeling like I had something really wrong going on, I&#039;m not sure. I have taken many different OTC medications through the years and have never had an experience like this one. "
"I don&#039;t know where to begin. Yes it was very effective, but I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s worth going through the traumatizing process. I only took 2 tablets at 11pm bc I got home pretty late. Around 3am I woke up from insane pain and burning in my stomach. It was so bad, the only way I can really express what I feel is by saying it hurt so bad I wanted to die. I was running to bathroom because pain caused nausea. I still couldn&#039;t go so I just went back to sleep. I woke up 2 hours later from extreme cramps was able to go to bathroom but let&#039;s just say it was not pretty and I was really sure I was going to die. So yes very affective but not something I will ever do again."
"I&#039;ve been using Carac off and on for over a year.  I did my face for three weeks, then my chest, then my back.  I am now going back over specific areas of my face.  This cream is amazing.  It is somewhat painful and quite unattractive visually as you are going through the treatment, but the results are worth it.  My skin doesn&#039;t have rough red patches of scaly skin anymore and no more discoloration.  I would definitely recommend it!"
"So far this medicine has really made the urge to move my legs go away for the entire day with 1 pill. Other medicines I have taken in the past were not as effective and I had to take multiple pills throughout the day."
"This pill works great! The first 4 days of taking the pill there was some bloating but that was the only side effect really and it went away. I definitely have not gained weight from it if anything it makes me feel full faster and longer."
"I been taking this birth control for a few days. I haven&#039;t noticed any change . I needed this specifically for acne and cramps. I took dairy out of my diet because I am allergic to it. I have a feeling this pill put my swelling on my face down . I am in shock how this change my face. I had cyst acne and ever since I taken this pill . My face became less painful . I also been Cleaning my face religiously . I think this pill helped clear up my faster than being two months on sulfamethoxazole which is for my acne . That didn&#039;t have an effect . But this birth control . It put down the swelling on my face a WHOLE lot. So this is a life saving pill . Because I was Feeing my face so I can remember the diff what I had before and after this pil ...."
"As prescribed, I took 1/2 pill (100mg) of Stendra after a night of adult beverages, good food, and dancing.
Less than 30 min later, with her prompting, I was harder than ever and lasted 2 hrs. We&#039;re very happy.
No negative side effects. 
NOW, here&#039;s the good part.............
4 hours later, without taking any more Stendra, it was still working
4 hours after that, same thing. Poor wife was lethargic for the next 24 hrs. 
Thank you Stendra
ps- had tried Cialis and Viagra in the past with poor AND negative results."
"My doctor sent me doxycycline hyclate for a bacterial infection and after taking it for 5 days I have been having diarrhea on the 6th and 7th day.  I hope that goes soon.  This antibiotic has helped my stuffy and &quot;sneezy&quot; allergic symptoms although on the 7th day I am still feeling and sounding stuffy.  The doctor recommended 10 days of 200 mg each day; 100 mg every 12 hours."
"I took Ducolax about 9pm and normally it doesn&#039;t affect me whatsoever. It woke me at 6am with severe cramps, worst than child labour to be honest. I feel a cold sweat coming on, I was dizzy. I couldn&#039;t sit in one place I was in that much pain. I would not recommend this, I&#039;d go for the easy option of pure orange or something along them lines."
"I started suffering very badly from hot flashes about 2 years ago. When I would work out and do cardio, I would literally leave puddles. It was scary because I didn&#039;t know what was going on at the time. Someone I met recommended I try it. I was suffering so bad, I didn&#039;t want to be on antidepressants, but I was desperate. I didn&#039;t have to wait long, I went from having about six hot flashes a day, lasting about two to three minutes, to having three or four mini flashes. I was incredibly grateful, was able to sleep through the night as well. Just recently, they started to become unbearable again, so they increased the dosage. Really does work. Currently on 150 milligrams. I may have one or two flashes during the day and and maybe two at night"
"I gained a lot of weight after having my 1st son and a failed IUD. My doc prescribed Adipex 37.5 and I took it 5-6 days per week for 5 months. In the beginning it gave me extreme dry mouth and it was hard to fall asleep because of the energy boost but it suppressed my appetite A LOT and if I ate to much it made me vomit.  I started working out slowly a few times per week and by the time I stopped taking it I was working out 5 days a week. I am 5&#039;8 and my start weight was 195 my end weight was 137.After my 2nd son I lost the weight easily and got back down to 140 but after my daughter I gained and could not lose anything, my energy was low and I could not control my appetite.  As soon. As I am done breastfeeding I will be taking Adipex again"
"A miracle for alcohol withdrawal. I was taken to the ER for hallucinating and was about to have a seizure after going cold turkey for 72 hours, BIG mistake. Librium completely fix it in a few mins. If you are a heavy drinker get this please. You only need to take it for a week and quitting is easy. It did make me drowsy but ALL the withdrawal symptoms were gone."
"From 1965 through 1992 I suffered from what a doctor called Migraine Headaches. I endured the sporadic episodes until they became longer in duration and more often. The constant nausea was worse than the headache itself, causing me to go to bed until the event would suddenly subside. Went to a doctor again around 1992 and was prescribed Calan SR. I took it until the prescription ran out ... and did not have any headaches during that time ... but then I did not renew my prescription and stopped taking it all together. However, I have never had a migraine again nor any type of headache at all since around 1992 to this day 2010 - that is approximately 16 years without even a headache. I consider this a miracle. "
"After trying to commit suicide my psychiatrist put me on latuda  it has literally saved my life. I&#039;m on 120 mg at night as well as seroquel trazodone pristiq and tegretol. I&#039;m living life again !"
"I started taking Cymbalta two years after my formal diagnosis of Fibromyalgia and one year after having started Lyrica. The first day I took Cymbalta I felt nauseous but otherwise okay. The next day I vomited two times per hour for the four hours straight. "
"I have been on Junel Fe for about 2.5 years on and off, and I&#039;ve about had it. I should&#039;ve known when I first began, because I got headaches endlessly when I started and gained weight (plus it was my freshman year of college, so double the weight), and my skin has suffered as well. This pill is the absolute worst. I have to take it the same time everyday or I start spotting, and I have never been this moody. Switching to Kyleena next month."
"So this is my first time using this monistat 1 ovule thing. I used the 7 day treatment with my previous YI. I put this thing in about 7:45 pm it&#039;s now 10:05 pm and it feels like someone rubbed the worlds hottest peppers on my vagina. I&#039;m not sure if the itching went away (it was very mild to begin with) or the burning is so bad that I don&#039;t even realize it. This stuff better work because it is expensive and after all this discomfort it better do something."
"I&#039;m no stranger to the dental chair.  I have over $30,000 invested in my teeth.  After Peridontal surgery I began every 4 month deep cleanings.  Due to root surfaces I had full mouth Novacaine every cleaning.  I tried Oraqix, with great trepidation, 6 months ago.  I just had my second cleaning with Oraqix.  It is a MIRACLE.  No pain whatsoever and no numbness to wear off.  I would NOT have believed this possible without trying it. "
"First things first try and remember what you were like before the bc I was fun and careless, passing classes, clear skin had lots of friends and so on. Now I&#039;m always depressed and care way to much and I had bad stomach problems that are simulating Crohn&#039;s disease but isn&#039;t .I have had it in for 10 days short of three years yeah I&#039;m not pregnant but I&#039;d rather have a baby rather than a mental breakdown about nothing. This is my opinion and what my side affects were. PS I&#039;m getting it out tomorrow and I can&#039;t wait!!"
"Helped me get to sleep &amp; stay asleep till they pulled it off the market."
"I have been on Yaz for about 4 months now. I started taking it to regulate my periods, as they were very heavy and irregular. Yaz helped 100% with that issue. Now I know when my period will arrive and it only lasts about 4 days. Yaz has also cleared up my acne. Before taking it I had fairly severe acne (for a 36 year old) and since taking Yaz I don&#039;t have severe breakouts, just one or two pimples here and there. If I had to list my negative experiences since taking Yaz it would be my irritability. Small things annoy me...like my husband chewing his cereal. It&#039;s not bad enough that I go into a rage or anything, but it can be annoying. Also, the outside edges of my breasts are sore. Feels like when I was nursing! So far, a positive experience"
"I am 20 and was suffering from anxiety and depression after &#039;recovering&#039; from an eating disorder. Pristiq made me feel so awful in the first 2 weeks but by week 3 I felt calm, I no longer snapped at people for no reason, I could concentrate during conversations and my university work has not suffered. I do feel like I find it harder to sleep (after 3 months on Pristiq) and if I miss a pill by a few hours I feel very, very drowsy. I have experienced no weight-gain BUT have had a notable increase in headaches and a few migraines. Overall the positive effects far outweigh the bad. "
"I have tried amitiza and yes it worked and got me to use the bathroom but didn&#039;t do very much for my stomach pain. I did get some relief just from going. I also had to take way over recomended dose to get anything significant.
"
"So I never write reviews but if you&#039;re on this page then I&#039;m sure you&#039;re scared, as I was. And reading reviews eased my mind, so I&#039;m trying to ease someone else&#039;s. The condom broke and we didn&#039;t realize until after we had sex, meaning he ejaculated completely inside of me. This happened on day 12 of my 28 day cycle, meaning I was pretty fertile at that point. We rushed to get Plan B and I took the pill an hour later. The only side effect from the pill was That I was nauseous. Thankfully my period came, it was two days early. I&#039;m very glad this pill worked."
"I suffer from Major depression and panic and anxiety I have been in all the mess out there nothing has worked after feeling dangerously suicidal my doctor gave me some  samples I felt the difference immediately more calmer able to deal but still very depressed this is on day 6 of Brintellix 10mg but reading all these reviews make me hopeful that good will out weigh the bad side effects 1-2 days headaches 3-6 nausea no appetite so we will see I have insomnia so I take a half of Ativan 1 mg and sleep and wake up rested so far so good god bless you all"
"Had unprotected sex (I know dumb) on my ovulation day and he decided to finish inside (dumb again) I bought this pill about 8 hours later. No side effects and my period came right on schedule. After taking it I read all the reviews here. A lot negative and have been a nervous wreck since. I conceived all my kids on first try so I get pregnant easily... don&#039;t worry or stress if you&#039;re reading this. It definitely works!"
"I have been taking Alli for 2 weeks and have experienced the good and the bad.  I am satisfied with my experience so far.  My negative side effects were completely my own fault as I did not watch what I ate one time and regretfully experienced the effects.  The positive side is that if you follow the plan and keep the fat under 15 grams you will be fine.  I am continuing with Alli."
"Passed a 9 mm stone in three days. A little pain, but better than having the big rock killing me softly. I am in Flomax again, hoping to pass a bunch of stones I have in my left kidney again."
"I have chronic pain due to Endometriosis and trust me, not pleasant at all but with this medication, it helps. It may not be as strong as I would like it to be but I&#039;m ok it does something. I just don&#039;t want to rely on pain meds because of my daughter. However, it times of great overwhelming pain, I take one of these and a ambien and I&#039;m out cold. Upside is I met my out of pocket and deductible so its free till end of year."
"It&#039;s very expensive for it NOT to be effective. My insurance paid $400 &amp; my copay was $100. Pharmacy said it was effective which within 3 days nothing happen. It seems I stayed up longer. Took it at 9 pm. Supposedly you are to take it 30 minutes before bedtime. I stayed up till 4 am &amp; 5 am. I took Advil PM since I had to get some sleep. It was more effective then this very expensive medication that I can&#039;t get a refund. Do not buy it unless your insurance covers it all. Maybe asked for a sample before buying a month supply."
"Our daughter was diagnosed 7 yrs ago and is now10 . She has tonic clonic and partial seizures sometimes out to 15 in one day bless her . We&#039;ve tried epilim which was great for about 4 yrs  the they crept back up so we tried tegratol and lamotragine together. They didn&#039;t work at all , so now she&#039;s on keppra. After just 3 days she  had fits and was very happy girl . ( she has severe developmental delay) so it is hard to judge how she is feeling , but now she isn&#039;t eating and seems very very aggressive, we don&#039;t know what to do for the best?!?!?!?!"
"If I could rate depo in the negatives, I would. On my first round, I bled very little, but the cramping I experienced was so bad that I could not get out of bed. I would lay in bed at night sobbing because it hurt so bad. Near the end of the first shot, I began bleeding heavily and constantly. I went and received a second shot, hoping it would stop the bleeding, but it hasn&#039;t. I&#039;ve now been bleeding for over a month, every single day. Some days it is light, others it is extremely heavy, but it is constant bleeding. I am also still having extreme cramps. I&#039;ve also lost over 30 pounds. I would not recommend Depo to anyone. My life has been hell since receiving my first shot."
"I got the Paragard IUD six weeks after giving birth to my first child. I chose this birth control because it is non-hormonal, and regular hormonal birth control makes me nauseous, depressed, have mood swings, and gain weight.
Overall I&#039;m very pleased with the IUD. Insertion was not painful, and I didn&#039;t even have cramping afterwards. I can&#039;t even tell that it is there and I have no side effects at all."
"I have never written a review online for anything in my entire life, but because of my extremely negative experience w/ Loestrin Fe, I feel inclined to. I was prescribed this BC to help regulate my hormone levels, my period, and the physical side effects of PCOS. I tried to remain hopeful while on this pill and stick it out for a full 3 months, but after just two full months, I was advised by my gyno &amp; family members/ friends to stop using it. This BC exacerbated my previously mild depression and anxiety to a level where I could not get out of bed or go outside. I would spend hours lying in bed and crying; I was so miserable. If you&#039;re someone who has even very mild depression/anxiety, I would recommend being HIGHLY cautious before starting"
"I&#039;m French and am 28 years old. I had my first seizure in 2009. My neurologist gave me Lamotrigine for 2 years, from 100mg daily at the beginning to 400mg at the end. The frequency of seizures has been reduced but I still had some.
I arrived in USA in 2011 and my new neurologist prescribed me Keppra because I wanted to have a new medication, more efficient. I take 500mg twice daily. I don&#039;t have any seizure since I started this medication, so more than one year now.
I&#039;m very satisfied so far, but of course I have side effects and it&#039;s sometimes very difficult to deal with. I&#039;m very tired all day long, I need to sleep at least 8 hours every night. I&#039;m like bipolar, sometimes euphoric, sometimes very depressed.
I&#039;m a different person now."
"Did 12 Weeks and now negative for HCV.Had tried 5 clinicals none worked. I will retest in 3 months. No side effects. Have had 2 transplants. Liver and kidney. HCV affects Kidney per my Dr at CCF"
"I started a 12 week Harvoni/ribivirin treatment 5 weeks ago. 2 years ago, after 6 months of the triple treatment (Incivek) my Hep C came back! Compared to the triple treatment, this is a breeze. Headaches for the first week or two, loose stools, muscleaches and slight insomnia. I&#039;ve actually gained a couple lbs!? I feel the side effects so little it makes me wonder if its working? The triple treatment is SO Harsh it &quot;feels&quot; like its working. Maybe I&#039;m just feeling guilt, I&#039;m not in more pain this time."
"Hands down the worst medication I&#039;ve ever tried. My Psychiatrist suggested trying a newer ADHD drug but I was enamored by some of the reviews I read on here so I persuaded him to prescribe me Dexedrine. Well what a big mistake. I was given 10mg of Dexedrine and after two weeks of it working it completely backfired. It completely ruined my cognitive abilities. I couldn&#039;t do simple math, my depth perception was off, and my time perception was off as well. I was constantly late to appointments, I had to write down everything on the calendar on my phone otherwise I will forget or think I have more time than I actually had. I would be careful with this medication. It might work for you though."
"Well I was going to write a full out review but apparently there&#039;s not even room for that here. So I&#039;ll make it short. I am 20 I&#039;ve been taking this for 8 months. In the beginning all was well, then it made me sick to my stomach everyday. I kept taking this in hopes that it would subside. It did. For the past two months this BC has turned me into the moodiest person I&#039;ve ever been in my life. I&#039;m rude and I&#039;ve never been this way. I would NOT recommend this to anyone. It&#039;s ruining my 6 year relationship. I can no longer proceed with this medication. DO NOT take."
"This is awful. I&#039;ve been on this for two years. Every thing was ok the first couple months but then it caused severe depression and I mean full blown suicidal thoughts on a daily basis for honestly no reason at all. No huge life changes just same old same old when the depression started. Also the bleeding, my God, the bleeding is endless. I can&#039;t with 100% accuracy say it&#039;s effective because of the zero desire to even have sex, which could be because of the endless bleeding.  I went from very sexually active to nothing almost immediately after having it put in. I&#039;m having it taken out early and DO NOT recommend this to anybody!!! There&#039;s got to be something better out there."
"I had been on Zoloft for 10 years.  Paired with Pristiq for the last 4 years.  For a while that combination worked, but I began feeling trapped in my head.  That caused me to go off my meds 4 times.  Began throwing up the Zoloft.  My dr. gave me this and advised 10 mg for a month  and then placed on 20 mg.  Two weeks for it to kick in and I found I wasn&#039;t as panicked when I received a call about an aging parent (I&#039;m caretaker for my parents, and its taken its toll on me).  My quality of life very improved.  It&#039;s superior to the Zoloft.  No trapped feelings; a couple of dizzy spells it wore off in time. Presently on 20 mg. and wish it was more. Nice to feel competent again. Must take in the a.m. to avoid sleeplessness."
"I&#039;ve been on Gilenya for 5 months. People posting on blogs seem very concerned about the initial drop in heart rate. Mine dropped from 86 to 66 within a few hours and then went back to normal. They said that if it falls below 55 you just have to get up and walk around until it goes back up, so it&#039;s not as big a deal. I have had no other side effects and am thankful that I was diagnosed after there was a pill as a treatment option."
"For nearly a year, I had very irregular, heavy and painful periods. I would skip a month, bleed for a month, skip two months, bleed a month. I have been on Necon 1/35 for two months now and I just had my lightest, easiest period ever. No cramps. No soaking through tampons within 15 minutes. I am so thankful for this medicine! It&#039;s seriously changed my life. I&#039;ve had no side effects and my skin has dramatically cleared."
"I rate diazepam a &quot;10&quot;, it&#039;s still the best &amp; safest in it&#039;s class -- but only when taken very sparingly. I liken it to a &#039;fire extinguisher&#039;, use only in case of emergency. If you take on a daily schedule (e.g., 3 times a day, every day) then you&#039;re making yourself a slave, and you&#039;ll be dull-witted &amp; stupid much of the time. Just like reliance on any pill. We owe it to our families, friends, employers and ourselves to be productive, happy and helpful.

I have the 5 mg. tablets in case of emergency. It acts fast, not too strong. There&#039;s no craving for &#039;another pill&#039; hours or even days later, because it&#039;s very long acting. Be smart. Use only in case of real emergency and it&#039;s the best."
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 2009 after breaking my neck and lower back in a car accident. I was taking approximately 14 pills a day...everything from Percocet to Morphine as well as anti-depressants.  My marriage failed and I was not able to cope with every day routines. My pain was so great. Finally, after seeing a pain management doctor and taking myself off all of the medications, I was prescribed Methadone and what a miracle it has been. I still have to take Norco with the Methadone, but my pain level is becoming more manageable. I am not able to work but I can get out of bed now and maintain somewhat of a life with less pain. What a great improvement this has been for me. I hope this helps someone who is unsure."
"I have had panic attacks for years after trying many other a it depressants that made this worse Lexapro was my magic pill I have had a 90% reduction in acute panic disorder and general anxiety, with this drug I&#039;m normal person again and I have my life back.  I&#039;m my opinion this is a blockbuster drug and I&#039;m so thankful to the chemist that created it.  Thank you for giving me my life back!  &lt;3"
"I have been taking Latuda for about two years now and I must say that it really works good for stopping the voices in my head. I also do not get depressed anymore like I was without the Latuda and my Bipolar disorder is a lot less hectic. I recommend this medication to anyone who might be suffering with Bipolar, Depression, and Scizophrenia. Latuda really works."
"Had implanon since Jan 2015, inserted 5 days after giving birth at the recommendation of the hospital. Within 4 months I started losing my hair, I had long irregular periods that would last 4-8 weeks at a time and no amount of pills prescribed by my gynae would make it stop. My most recent period lasted almost two months and was thoroughly unpleasant dark coloured blood. My gynae also reported thinning of my uterus. I have gained about 10kg and counting, my breasts are enormous, and have experienced some issues with libido. I was on Yasmin before for seven years and had none of the above side effects. Having it removed asap and will go back to Yasmin."
"I&#039;m gonna put out there that I weigh about 145 pounds and I am Hispanic. I am also 16 and am in no position to be a mother. My boyfriend and I always use condoms. But we did begin once without one and although he never came inside of me there is such thing as pre ejaculation. So we just took precautions! So I took the pill less than 2 days later! I will mention that I was suppose to receive my period the same day I took the pill so it pushed it back. The only symptoms I got was fatigue, nausea, and a little cramping here and there. After a week of having the pill in my system I got my period. Don&#039;t stress. This saved me"
"I was on 150mg then the doctor increased my dose too 300mg. Now I feel like my brain was left at Walmart while my body went home. I hope it gets better."
"Great for insomnia. Best to be used pulsating (one day on, one day off), but can also be used day after day. No annoying side effects (only dry mouth, but when you sleep you don&#039;t notice) and very effective. No addiction, no withdrawal."
"The symptoms of my kidney infection seemed to go away within 24 hours.  However the side effects of the Levaquin started with the first dose.  I have a headache, nausea, and feel as though I can&#039;t catch my breath.  I am grateful that the symptoms of the infection are gone."
"Hello. I have taken the UK version of this pill Levonelle once. Like pretty much everyone here, I found myself searching for reassurance that everything was going to be ok. I was desperate for it to work after the condom split for the first time ever in my life and I&#039;m 32. I didn&#039;t really have any side effects and my period, thankfully, arrived 2 days early. There is no point in me telling you not to worry as I know I still did when everyone around me was saying not to. However, what I will say is that you are not alone. Thousands of others are going through the same thing and strangely I found that comforting. Good luck if you are still waiting for Mrs Flow. Hope you have as good an outcome as I did, if that&#039;s what you want, anyway."
"I have been on Imipramine for over 2 years and found it good for pain relief combined with Gabapentin.  The only problem I have encountered is weight gain as it tends to increase my appetite."
"I have been taking this birth control for 3 days and I can already tell what the side effects are, I have horrible nausea and have been vomiting, My legs and feet are swollen, I have started getting acne on my jawline, and I have been having the worst cramps ever. Gonna stick with it for a week until my dr gets back to prescribe new medication."
"It helped with my anxiety more then any other medicine."
"I took this exactly how the instructions show. I started at 4pm as told and still wasn&#039;t done with the process 6+ hours later! I will never use this product again! It is not worth it. It was so hard to get down and keep down as well. Very unsatisfied with this product!"
"Used Edex for the first time today.  I&#039;m 52.  I have low testosterone (350), but no other chronic health issues. My erectile dysfunction is mostly psychological. Doctor gave me a few 20mcg samples. Decided to use a very small dose (about 0.25ml or about 5mcg) since it was my first use.  Had a nice hard erection in about 3 minutes, and it lasted about 60 mins.  Needle insertion was painless. Small bruise at the insertion site.  No pain at all, until about 45 minutes into my erection when I started to have a dull pain in the shaft of my penis. I assume that was due to being erect for 60 mins for the first time in 20 years.  Edex was easy to use, worked great for me. Try it !"
"I was excited to get it, but the insertion was very, VERY painful, even with local anesthesia.  I bled for a long time and it was very uncomfortable to sit in certain positions.  My periods were very different, with prolonged bleeding (not the short, sweet periods the advertisements promise).
I also noticed that I had started to smell badly down there.  I kept going to the doctor for it (the other doctor who cared for IUD patients, not MY doctor) and he kept telling me that it was a &quot;bacterial imbalance&quot; and not related to my IUD.  It most certainly was because my cervix was always open from the string.  This ceased after removal.
Also, it does not prevent conception.  It causes fertilized eggs to be discharged because they can&#039;t implant."
"Just started Qsymia 3 days ago 1/19/17 @267 5ft10 and I&#039;m super excited to see how this goes. So far I no longer crave large or heavier meals as usual and no side effects that I am aware of yet. I won&#039;t weigh myself again until next week, so will keep you all updated...if you are interested!!! But so far so good!!! Oh I paid $111 and some change after applying a discount card for $95, my insurance did not cover this"
"I suffer from obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety, post traumatic stress disorder and depression. It has worked wonders when I start to suffer. I take 1 mg in the morning and I feel like my old self again. However, I&#039;m starting to wonder if it is causing some of my depression. Once the medicine wears off my mood crashes. I get very emotional, anxiety creeps up, agitated, and very depressed. I pop another one and my mood stabilizes.
Another thing, it is very habit forming so don&#039;t stop taking it abruptly. Consult your doctor first for a plan."
"Just found out after 4 months of using this drug 40mg a day for anxiety that it can cause HEART FAILURE in otherwise healthy adults. In low dose this drug will definitely stop the pounding heart beat but I notice if I have a panic attack my heart still races. I&#039;m sure if you took 80mg a day that wouldn&#039;t be a problem though. Shortness of breath too after taking, I&#039;d strongly advise against this drug. Find something else."
"I have a disorder called RSD/CRPS one of the things this has affected is my hearing and sensitivity to movement so when I have to get in a large crowd or noisy environment like an airport I can take one of these and it dramatically helps since I never know when I will be in a situation like that. It is nice to be able to take a quick acting medicine to help. It does a great job"
"I&#039;m writing this because I haven&#039;t seen many reviews after the first cycle.  My fiance and I had sex the day I ovulated and the condom slipped off without us knowing till it was too late. I waited about 24 hours because I didn&#039;t want the side effects to ruin the weekend, and it says you have up to 72 hours to take it.  (Although the sooner the better it says) I  took it at night with food and didn&#039;t have any side effects until about 4 days later. I had about 2 weeks of bad pms symptoms and fatigue, then I got a very heavy period.  I am also over the weight limit at 175.  About 23 days after that period started, I started spotting brown blood and have been doing that for almost a week and now the flow is heavier like a real period. It works."
"I love this drug! I started taking it on Aug 20 and am now starting my third month. I have lost 22 pounds!! I am 5&#039;8 and started at 187 lbs and am down to 165 lbs in 9 weeks. I gradually increased my dose and would recommend others to do the same due to some of the side effects. 

When I first started I experienced some nausea, complete loss of appetite, headaches and sleepiness. The symptoms did not keep me from living my normal life and they subsided gradually. Some symptoms I now experience are occasional constipation, irritability and insomnia. 

I was a daily coffee/wine/beer drinker and rarely drink either now. All I am interested in drinking is water, nothing else is appealing. Food is never the focus of my mind anymore."
"23 y/o, never pregnant; got Skyla put in Aug 22. Before Skyla, tried the pill-wasn&#039;t for me. Went in on the 1st day of period, wasn&#039;t too bad, did hurt for a quick sec when they put it in. Post-insertion cramps were probably the worst part. No Advil beforehand (mistake) so those hurt, nothing too crucial (I&#039;d say I have high pain tolerance tho) Only had about 4 big cramps that day. Up til 4 days ago, I was spotting so had to wear a pad liner/light tampon. I&#039;d cramp worse than usual around ovulation. 1st period was normal. Was pretty moody at the 2nd week, cried really easily. I&#039;ve gained a few lbs but diet &amp; lifestyle also come into play there. Sex drive &amp; acne haven&#039;t been affected. I Recommend!! Every1 is different! Will Update L8R again"
"I began taking Tri-Nessa 2 months ago and have already experienced 2 week periods, beginning in the middle of the second day of the 3rd week (too early), insomnia (I have NEVER had a problem sleeping), a feeling of aimlessness, overwhelm, and unexplained sadness and irritability.  I had asked for Ortho Tri-Cyclen as I had had no problems at all with it, but was given Tri-Nessa with the explanation that they are the same but unfortunately they are quite different."
"62 year old blonde with blue eyes and fair skin.  Spent 50 years in CA and HI getting sunburned.  Now....paying the price.  I have used Efudex and Carac cream treatments, both burn like crazy, peeling several layers, and red, red, red.  I did my whole face at one time, but had to stop after 18 days applying once a day.  Had blisters and bleeding, crying quite a bit.  It took two months after stopping the treatment for the pinkness to disappear.  Using sf 50 every day now under my makeup.  Get lots of compliments on how young my skin looks.  :o)

Now I am doing my chest.  ten days into the treatment with 18 day plan.  Not as painful as my face since the skin is thicker.  Still very red and starting to peel today.  Using ibuprofen."
"This is great. No more movements or discomfort at night."
"After having my daughter at 17, my gyno. basically made me choose this birth control. I didn&#039;t want any more slip ups &amp; apparently she felt the same. Since then, I have very random periods but DO NOT get pregnant &amp; that&#039;s what it&#039;s all about, right? I love it."
"I&#039;m taking this medicine for the past 3 months and I have to say its the worst!!!!! I feel very very sad, I  started to get anxious and have meltdowns easily. I have no energy to do absolutely anything, not even cooking dinner or walk my dogs and I was an active person. I tried to stay on the pill because I thought that my body will get used to but I&#039;m still having the same side effects.
Also a lot of stomach issues bloating, constipation, nauseas as well  headaches at the right or left side of my head only. The only improved side effect I had noticed overtime is that when I started to take this medicine I had a lot of acne and skin inflammation but now I see my skin much better.
this medicine has more cons than pros STAY AWAY!!!!"
"Got a sample and tried it last night. Slept for 6 hours straight, bathroom break then back to sleep for another hour. No side effects waking up. Felt great...really liked it. If you have trouble staying asleep more than 3-4 hours, suggest you try it!"
"On the good side it only had one side effect for me, and that was a little bit of a increased heart beat I could feel and it made me feel like I was going to a concert or just won a prize, it felt not too bad knowing the other medicines out there for schizophrenia. "
"I&#039;m on my second day. I got non of the side effects and I still got craving for nicotine. However when I smoke the cigarettes they are starting to taste funny and it is not the same feeling like when I used to smoke. The bad thing for me so far is that because of the nicotine craving I keep on smoking. I smoked 18 cigarettes yesterday (as I do get some nicotine cravings, my mind still doesn&#039;t get that I wont get nicotine from cigarettes). Today so far I barely smoked 2 so far. On my way to a new healthy life."
"Awful. Yes this medication did clear up my cough, BUT the side effects were awful! I was extremely jittery, lethargic, anxious, and then became nauseous as well. I would not take this medication again."
"Terrible! I have gained weight and frequently have stabbing pain in abdomen and lower back, and severe painful bloating!! This tablet is the worst, don&#039;t take it!!!"
"So I&#039;ve been on Aczone for 3 full days now, and I know that&#039;s not long but I&#039;m really impressed with this stuff! I had a sudden and embarrassing breakout on my chin/mouth area from switching to another oral birth control (instead of large cystic acne it was tiny red breakouts everywhere) and I saw an ad for this so I decided to give it a try. Immediately the next say I saw it was drying a few pimples! On day 3, id say half my acne is healing or gone. I&#039;m hoping a week from now my acne will be mostly gone. It can be drying but not anything crazy. I use the 5% gel in the morning and at night, along with my cetaphil cleanser. I don&#039;t use lotion at night but in the morning I use philosophy clear days ahead lotion and some makeup. I&#039;ll update!"
"I  was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome at 19 and I&#039;m now 21. I&#039;ve been on so many medications birth control, hormones for my period from the time I was 8 until now and nothing helps.. I was prescribed Provera about a month ago and my symptoms are nausea (can barely eat anything.. The sight and smell of food makes me sick.), headache (more like a migraine every day.), bloating, sleepiness, tiredness, and breakthrough bleeding. I really don&#039;t like this medication except for the whole %u201Cno appetite%u201D thing."
"Several years ago, I was put on Mobic for right knee problems--bone on bone. When I finally needed a knee replacement, I had to go off Mobic for a week  before the surgery. Immediately, I got creaky and all my joints hurt and ached. It hurt to walk even a short distance. At that point, I realized what a blessing Mobic is.  I thought that if some of my deceased relatives had Mobic, they might have lived longer.  I remember how badly they suffered and I understand. The pain was unbearable.  I&#039;m still on it.  I am 65."
"First time I got Gout I was 14 then never had it again till I turned 40. 1 attack a year led to 2 then 3 and 4. The pain got worse every attack. I went on Allopuranol 3 years ago and it brought my Uric acid down to below 3 but the side effects were starting to bother me. I went  off it for a year and the attacks started up again. I went on Uloric 80 mg a day 2 months ago and it&#039;s a life changing solution. No side effect and and no attacks. What more can I say."
"The first 4 weeks were hard... I felt bloating and mild pain constantly (this may have been psychological - I couldn&#039;t stop thinking about a plastic thing in my uterus!), and lots of spotting / discharge.
However after that.... nothing... literally!
I am now on my second coil, 7 years in....
Not had a period in 7 years, not even spotting - even when I had the old one replaced...
This is the BEST form of contraceptive and period controller I have ever used, and I only wished I had taken the risk 20 years ago!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 12 months, and I hate it. For the first 6 months I was super moody...I&#039;m actually convinced it ruined my last relationship bc it made me nuts. But sadly I stayed on it because I was desperate for clear skin, and it pretty much gave me that. HOWEVER, beginning seven months, my poor face started to suffer. It&#039;s only gotten worse....the only reason now that I&#039;ve stayed on it is because it&#039;s really regulated my period. But my skin is dead...cysts on my forehead (I&#039;ve never broken out on my forehead), cysts all over my cheeks...jawline...occasionally nose and chin. It&#039;s really sad and takes an unfortunate emotional toll. I&#039;m stopping tonight and won&#039;t go back on this pill again. Try Velivet, I&#039;ve heard great things."
"I&#039;m 22, had a recent colonoscopy and was given propofol. I completely recommend it for anyone with anxiety. I take anxiety medication and was very nervous I&#039;d have a freak out due to the effects of the anesthesia but instead I fell asleep so quickly, I did wake up during my procedure briefly and it was just funny because I remember going wow this is so cool can I stay awake? Then I was asleep again. When I woke up again I was being wheeled to the post-procedure room and I was completely aware, no grogginess. Overall I thought the drug worked wonders because I was completely clear headed and relaxed when I woke up!"
"Run far away from this pill! I was also switched from Orysthia (which did wonders for me) to Vienva without being notified. I figured also since it had the same active ingredients I would be fine wrong! The past week has been nothing but a nightmare! My moods have been so up and down! Feeling depressed I lashed out on one of my best friends for no reason! Please don&#039;t take this! I&#039;m calling my pharmacy right now to see if I could get back on Orysthia!"
"This is the worst pill ever!! I&#039;ve had to take 3 times a day for 7 days and I feel so horrible. I diarrhea out EVERY single thing I eat even if I eat a grape. On the 5th &amp; 6th day I started experiencing really horrible abdominal cramps. It made me feel likes my bladder was full but nothing would come out. I&#039;ve just been drinking lots of water to help me urine so the urge wouldn&#039;t be so intense. This is my 6th day &amp; even though I only have a day left this pain is horrible. The smell of my vaginal is disgusting way worst than before I started taking the meds. I don&#039;t wish this bad feeling on anyone. Has anyone else experienced this?"
"good"
"I&#039;m not sure why this medication is considered a schedule II &#039;narcotic&#039;. Perhaps having been prescribed Oxycodone, Hydromorphone, and Fentanil in the past is a factor in forming this opinion, but I have been fortunate enough to find a specialist willing to treat fibromyalgia-related pain with Nucynta.

This medication does not give me any of the usual negative opioid side effects, nor the weird SSRI/SNRI type mental side effects of Tramadol. Nausea is rare and possibly unrelated, no itching, or lack of mental clarity. I can see why it would be inadequate for post-surgical or trauma-induced pain but it works perfectly for my current state of managing physical therapy after a long period of inactivity."
"I had this in hospital when I broke my arm. It worked awesome. The only negative was the constipation, unable to relieve myself for 4-5 days after."
"The applicator took a few tries to use properly.  I just have to allow a few extra minutes in the morning before I put on a shirt. If I was in a real hurry, I would use a blow drier.  I definitely feel better, but get my first blood test next week and I&#039;ll see how my levels are.  "
"I&#039;ve been taking this for about four days now but haven&#039;t changed my diet much. I really don&#039;t advise doing this, as I literally just shat myself. But I&#039;m not absorbing as much fat as I would through my diet (which is about to change!) So successful so far :)"
"I have used Elocon for several years for frequent contact dermatitis on my hands, between my fingers and under rings, behind my knees, and for poison ivy or sumac.  It relieves itching and redness very quickly and you only need a very small amount - apply sparingly.  Episodes are over in about three days in my experience.  I keep in in the house at all times when flare-ups occur."
"I was prescribed this medication for muscle pain related to rheumatoid arthritis and chronic tendonitis.  Personally I&#039;m VERY sensitive to this medication and suffer the &quot;rare: side effects slurred speech, hallucinations  (only at night) disorientation  (I&#039;ve gotten lost in my own room twice when I take 4 mg) low heart rate. The highest dose I have taken is 8mg with Xanax for my anxiety,  once I stayed awake although drowsy, I watched a movie; the second time I woke up in ICU for bradycardia, hypotension and change in level of consciousness. Despite talking this daily for 2 months, I still have side effects. My husband says this medicine makes me drunk. I have been taking 1mg at a time.  It does work well."
"I&#039;ve used tricyclics and SSRIs before.  Both caused huge weight gain, and were only moderately effective.  Effexor XR worked very well for me at 150mg for several years.  I was able to lose a small amount of weight, and stopped having late night craving for sugary stuff, and it was very effective in combating the depression symptoms. I slept well but was not lethargic during the day; I took it at night.  Later on I needed to increase my dose. I am now on 300mg, and started losing weight again (a good thing in my case) and have more energy.  It takes longer to have an orgasm but other than that, I&#039;ve been very lucky in having few to no side effects. The one thing I hate is that if I miss a dose, side effects are AWFUL!"
"Ritalin until highschool.. In high school Adderal ; then, dexadrine- college. The chemical d-amphetimine (less hard on your body) in those two drugs helps adhd sufferers and keeps me less angry.. D-amphetimine=calm and focused for ADHD suffers. In theory D-methyl-amphetamine would be the best for ADHD with less side affects. The Dr. gave me 4 sample packs a month of 150mg nuvigil once a day. So far, it&#039;s the best ADHD medicine I have ever taken because less side affects and it lasts all day ! It increases male sex drive and stamina and hardness 100% All the other ADHD meds hurt my sex life-but nuvigil is a sexual wonder pill. ADHD often causes pre-mature ejaculation and less hardness but with Nuvigil I am sexually functioning correctly. A+"
"I&#039;ve never written a review of anything before. My face was flawless after high school. Here and there I would break out but nothing major. I am now 25 and started suffering from acne located primarily on my jawline. It was awful! I spent a small fortune on products and nothing worked. I finally went to the doctor and was prescribed benzaclin and it is amazing! I have been on it for three weeks today exactly and my face is so clear. There was a little itching at first if I slathered on too much. Now I only use it as spot treatment and that works great too!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for about three months now. The first month and a half were great. No mood swings, no spotting or headaches, or depression, but then I got into my third month and was experiencing breakthrough bleeding a lot and then had several blood clots. And I am still having spotting. I&#039;ve been depressed, acne is horrible, I have horrible food cravings, not to mention awful cramps to where I can&#039;t even move. I want to continue and try to see if it gets better, but I am just having the worst time with this and am miserable that I am over taking this. I know for some it has worked and maybe if I stick it out it will get better but I have no interest in continuing with this bc."
"My doctor prescribed me this medicine just two days ago and was able to pick up yesterday and took it before bed last night. I did start to feel drowsy and dizzy. As I tried to get comfortable, my heart was racing, my eyes, legs and arms were restless but my brain was asleep while my eyes were open. I felt like my dr prescribed me speed instead of sleeping meds, on top of that my mouth was as dry as a desert when I woke up this morning and no matter how much water I drank my mouth would not absorb it. Bottom of the story I felt like a tweeker and ended up getting barely any sleep at all. This is just night one, lets up trial nights two and three are better"
"I&#039;m 52, female, HIV+, Cancer survivor, Liver Transplant Recipient.
I was one of the people who studied this medication through clinical trials. I tried all the other treatments, but none of them cleared the Hep C. During the trials, a slightly different combo of this medicine worked within 4 weeks. As my liver was already severely damaged, I developed cirrhosis, then cancer, then I had a transplant. After 3 months Hep C was detected in the new liver. I was immediately placed on Harvoni. I&#039;ve cleared within 4 weeks again! 
I do have side effects. The main one is headache. Then nausea, slight fatigue and the occasional throw up session (which lasts only a few minutes, then I&#039;m fine). 
I do get a dizzy feeling, but it is not a problem at all."
"I was diagnosed with stage 4 endometriosis and adenomyosis at 25, I am now 50, I have have had 18 laporoscopic surgeries to burn off endo to keep it at bay. I have been put on Zoladex 3 times in the last 10 years and I have to say that it it has been absolutely fantastic every time. Stopped my periods and my pain which was unbearable at times to the point where I ended up in the hospital having morphine injections numerous times. Yes I did get hot sweats and a little weight gain but I will take that any day over the kind of pain that Endometriosis brings. The only down side is that you do have to come off it periodically as you cant stay on it for long periods of time due to its effects on bone density."
"I used to take the Maxalt in pill form and these work 2x as fast. I took one today at the first sign of a headache and it stopped it in it&#039;s tracks in just under 15 minutes. The pill used to take 30 and often the headache had time to bloom and get bad by then. They didn&#039;t immediately get rid of the nausea I get, but it went away in about 20 min after it stopped the bloom.  I rated these as a 9 because of the taste. They taste a bit like a peppermint candy that&#039;s gone bad, but it&#039;s bearable and only lasts for about 5 seconds. I usually wash the flavor away with coffee - I like to back up anything I take for a headache with a good dose of caffeine. These will be replacing my Maxalt pills even if they do taste awful."
"Well, I guess this can&#039;t be a full review because I am only on night 3 of Monistat 7, the cream formula. So far, every time I insert the cream, I get intense itching which eventually fades after an hour or so or until I fall asleep. I never feel it the morning after though. My symptoms of a yeast infection are virtually gone, but I I&#039;ll continue with treatment of course. I haven&#039;t had any crazy burning though. However, I find the application process to be difficult. The plastic applicator hurts a bit and I can only insert it about half way before I feel too much pressure. The edges of the end of the applicator catch on the folds of my vagina which makes the entire process unpleasant. However, there are always pros and cons."
"It took my gynecologist nearly forty minutes to place the liletta. I am 21, no kids, and I have a narrower than average cervical opening. I think this is why it took so long for him to place it and why it was so painful for me. It was literally the worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced. I was in tears the entire time. Today is only the second day I&#039;ve had it, and the light bleeding I had has been reduced to very slight brown spotting. The cramps are making it hard for me to want to keep the IUD though. Pre-IUD, on the first day of my period I&#039;d get cramps so horrible I&#039;d be nauseous and couldn&#039;t eat anything. Well, immediately after IUD insertion I started having similar severe cramps that have yet to go away and nothing has given me relief."
"I started on linzess in April 2015. I thought it was my miracle drug, but it seems to have stopped working as well, and I have severe bloating/ abdominal distention. To make matters worse, I&#039;ve gained weight. Not water weight either. I work out and eat low carb, but since starting linzess the scale is going up. It&#039;s looks as though I&#039;m not the only one. Linzess needs to list potential weight gain as a side effect. But why would they do that? It&#039;s all about sales."
"I got my Mirena on October 3, 2013. And I have bleed for 96% of it. But now I can tell a difference, it&#039;s working now like it should."
"The first few times 5, I used the patch I thought it was a godsend.however,this last time I used it on a 6 hour flight I began to have blurred vision.extreme dry mouth the scariest side effect was hallucinations. I did not know who I was or where I was thank goodness II was not traveling alone.DANGEROUS. WILL NEVER USE AGAIN!!!"
"I wanted to take the time to provide you people with the knowledge about this stuff. I had small bumps (color was regular, white then pink it varies) all over my body. An area under my belly button, my arms, under my armpits, on my back, it was chaotic. When I used this stuff 2 days ago, I used half of the tube of it and I thought I seen results. Last night I used it again and I tell you that they are all just about gone. I had a horrible case on my neck, it is almost gone. So if you want to try something out, try this. I really hope that you get what you need and that it was from what I knew. I want what I went through to be of good reason, so it can help you when you go through it. Please, try hydrocortizone."
"This is a horrible birth control I&#039;ve tried several and this is by far the worst I&#039;ve been taking it for about 8 months have gained several pounds, have terrible mood swings, most days I feel sick and have lost a lot of my hair. I though most side effects would go away after a few month but that is not the case. Taking this pill is one of the worst things you can do to your body"
"Avoid this if you can. I had my son In April and lost all of my baby weight and then some within the first month postpartum. At my 6 week ppd appt I decided to get the implant due to ease and effectiveness. Insertion easy and I was really looking forward to getting intimate again with my husband. Unfortunately though, two weeks later and my sex drive was gone, I was having anger outbursts daily and I fell in a deep depression. I began getting acne and gained 20 lbs rapidly. I realized that it had to be my bc so I had it removed. two weeks later and I can safely say that my sanity, relationship and body are all finally healing. Sex drive is rockin, I can smile, my energy is back and I&#039;ve lost 6lbs!!"
"I switched to this after taking Midrin for some time.  This works more quickly, has very little side effect, and all around is better.  It works for about 95% of my migraines.  Sometimes 1 pill and 1 OTC is enough, sometimes 2 pills are needed, and on rare occasion, 3 are necessary.  I&#039;ve never had a migraine that couldn&#039;t be killed given enough Fioricet."
"This prep was terrible with suprep  bowel prep. I have colon cancer that runs in my family history and take colonoscopies seriously as a preventative measure.  However, I would not prep again using this stuff and would insist on going back to the old method with gatoraid and over the counter laxatives.  Super bowl prep tasted disgusting and salty even when mixed with crystal light.  And I started at 5pm and it took till 11pm for it to finally kick in.  I felt bloated and nauseous and wanting to throw up until 11pm.  Due to how long it took to kick in I was up literally all night going to the bathroom.  So I got no sleep.  I wasn&#039;t finished till about 8pm the next morning.  The old method is definitely more kind to your system and works faster."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for joint &amp; muscle pain due to hemochromatosis for about 6 weeks now and it has made a huge difference, and I find that I have almost no side effects. For the first week or so the side effects were terrible, but they eased up after that."
"Have neuropathy and burning and pain was at 8-9 level.  Since taking Metanx my pain level is 0-1.  My foot doctor prescribed it for me and the company filling my prescription calls me to see if I want a refill.  I can pay by the quarter or monthly.  All around fantastic.  No more pain."
"I had been having muscle spasms the Zanaflex helped. I suffer from real bad insomnia; I have been unable to find a medicine that would work for me and once prescribed Zanaflex I have been able to sleep every night as long as I have them. So if anyone else suffers from insomnia maybe they could try Zanaflex, it really helps."
"I was prescribed Hydromet Syrup for a persistent cough while I had an upper respiratory infection.  Although it seemed to take about 10 minutes to take effect, it did significantly reduce my cough.  I felt only mildly sleepy for a few minutes after taking it and I could easily use it while working.  Taking it before bed, it stopped me from waking every 1/2 hour with a coughing fit.  Although I have sometimes felt nauseous when taking hydrocodone (Vicodin), I did not experience any stomach upset with this syrup."
"I am 47 with such an exhausting history of anxiety that had led me to self medicate with alcohol, until finally finding the correct medical doctor.
Doctors in the past have been writing me scrips that have been making me crazier  and crazier, just adding to my problem. Now I am alcohol free with no panic attacks, I have no problems being by myself and keeping occupied with work and fun things to do. I sleep like a baby all through the night. It&#039;s wonderful."
"I had some horrible side effects. All my hair, eye lashes and eye brows fell out. I have super thin hair now, no eye lashes and hardly any eye brows. I had 4 treatments with this drug. At that time, I experienced severe pain that I had to go to the ER for, all of finger nails and toe nails fell out. I also had what seemed to be chemical burns on my hands and feet. My skin peeled off to reveal red sore skin. I also had infection at my cuticle sight on my all of my fingers. Though I have been in remission for 4 years, the side effects were awful. This was my second round of chemo. I had a first treatment with a different drug, 3 surgeries and then this chemo followed with radiation."
"I put my 6 yr old on this, 5mgs about 2 weeks ago. He is at school the whole time he is on it. He takes it at 7 am and by 4 when he gets home he is back to his hyper self. I can tell a little bit of difference though. Hhe has no reactions that I can tell."
"I have been on Adipex for 3 weeks now and the only changes I have noticed in me and my body is that I have horrible cotton mouth and I am extremely constipated. I have maybe lost 1 lb since I started taking this medicine. I am extremely disappointed in this medicine it has done nothing for me."
"I used these shots for four months it didn&#039;t help me at all.  Now  I&#039;ve also got a spot on the side of my face  from taking humeria"
"Mononessa has been my birth control for 2 years now. I have never had a single problem with these particular pills. I have had no mood swings, weight loss/gain, nausea, etc. I feel the same exact way as I did before taking birth control... just protected! I am very strict on myself with taking it at the same time every night. I set an alarm on my phone and take it at the same time every night. I have never had any problems with the pill. I really recommend trying to see if it works the same way as it has for me."
"I was put on implanon a month ago and I was told that there might be some weight gain (like 5 pounds) or a chance of depression and irregular period for a while. Let me tell you something. They&#039;re spot on with weight gain, personality changes, and irregular period. I usually have a heavy flow without cramps. Now, I can&#039;t move without feeling like I have ebola. I&#039;m bleeding profusely. And worst of all, the blood smells 20x worse than usual. I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds, bled constantly, and my emotions are going haywire. If anyone says you won&#039;t have a period, they&#039;re right. Your vagina literally turns into a scene from Sweeney Todd. Feels like it too."
"Very effective."
"I&#039;ve was diagnosed with interstitial cystitis a little over a year ago. This chronic pain disease is a curse!! I tried so many different things to make the pain go away- natural methods (such as digestive enzymes, cranberry supplements, probiotics), the IC diet, the alkaline  diet, and switching to all alkaline water. Finally I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and my doctor told me to try 10mg of Nortriptyline. It started working the very next day. I would say I&#039;m 90%better. I still have minor flares before I go to bed if I&#039;m stressed. My doctor told me to increase slowly to 50mg but I haven&#039;t needed to go up from 10mg. I hope this works for the rest of my life because I can&#039;t go back to the way I was before this medicine. It honestly saved me."
"Relpax has helped me control my migraines that in all but one case I had to take a second one. At this point I have not had any side effects that I know of. To me it seems to control the migraine where it does not go on for days by stopping at the onset."
"Abilify gave me total erectile dysfunction, spasms. It made me fatigued even if I took it at night but at the same time it made me feel quite agitated inside. I was only on this medication for a month so I cannot say whether it controlled my symptoms effectively. It may work for some, however the side effects were unbearable for me."
"Run down, tired, no motivation.  Was tested and levels at 55.  Took AndroGel and a few months after levels went up to 605.  Being 45, I felt great!   However, now it has been aprox 6 months and still using same amount of AndroGel (1 packet in am and 1 packet in pm) and my levels have dropped again, to 167)."
"I&#039;ve been on Apri for almost 5 years. I was originally put on it for acne but it&#039;s also been very effective as birth control too. My partner and I don&#039;t use any other form of birth control unless I&#039;m on conflicting meds. My periods are regular and predictable, usually 3-4 days. I&#039;ve gained weight, but I don&#039;t think Apri was the cause. Overall, Apri works well for me and have had no issues with it."
"I&#039;ve been battling toenail fungus for about 10 years.  Tried the generic version of Lamisil (Terbinafine), but quit that nasty drug as it made me feel ill. Have had laser surgery twice...what a joke. In fact, I think it damaged my nails and sadly, I don&#039;t think they&#039;ll ever be the same again. I was on Jublia for a full year (applied everyday) and saw nominal improvement and a return of the fungus when I discontinued use.  Back on it and supplement treatment with Vicks VaporRub and blend of essential oils that have been &quot;proven&quot; to get rid the fungus. I&#039;ve also cut out sugar and grains, all things that supposedly feed fungus.  Additionally I take a daily probiotic.  Jury is still out on whether any of this will work.  I HATE BIG PHARMA!"
"I have had the implanon since June 2015 and I have to say it I hadno pregnancy but the only down sides about it was that no one told me I would have bruising for 10 days on my left arm and that it would hurt so much during that time. My periods have always been regular, each month 3-5 days. But the other down side is the gaining weight. I always weight around 140 and I went up to almost 180. Never had happened and I have been trying to lose weight but nothing seems to work. It&#039;s a great birth control but the weight is no good."
"My son&#039;s cough is WORSE after taking this. Not suppressing at all."
"I went on this pill to help control my insane periods and help with my acne. I&#039;m quite young, and my periods would last from 7-10 days. my periods would be so bad that I would throw up, not be able to walk, and faint. So I decided to go on birth control to lighten my periods. my doctor told me to skip the placebo pills every month for 4 months. after the fourth month I got my period, and it made the cramping and blood flow EVEN WORSE! I also went on it to help with acne, and I can say that it has possibly made my acne worse. before going on the pill I rarely got large, hard pimples on my cheeks, and now thats a regular occurrence. if you&#039;re like me, I wouldn&#039;t recommend this pill!!"
"Love my paragard! Insertion was a breeze for me. The first month was pretty rough as my body adjusted to it but after that its been smooth sailing. The only thing I am having trouble with is getting used to the heavy bleeding. My periods before the IUD were pretty light so I&#039;m still having issues with leaking at night and remembering to change my cup more frequently during the day. I&#039;m planning on making a switch to cloth overnight pads so hopefully that will help. My cramps are not nearly as bad as they used to be, they&#039;ve actually disappeared for the most part, which was a pleasant surprise, especially as someone who tends to get pretty severe period cramps. Best birth control I&#039;ve tried so far!"
"Olux is a mousse that is massaged into the psoriasis on the scalp.  After using this 2x per day for approximately 3 wks I no longer am using T-Gel 3x a week.  I&#039;m back to using my old shampoo.  No itching or flaking of the scalp.  It&#039;s so easy to use, too."
"Had sex with my boyfriend two times n he came in me fully. After 6 hours of physical contact went to Walgreens to buy the pill. Side effects are kinda irritating makes you a demon for a week. Right on spot after a week my period came. Now it&#039;s been a month later my period came again .  Took three pregnancy tests definitely not pregnant. Worries a side, take it as soon as possible n you be alright!!!!"
"Ritalin helped me when I was young. Now I&#039;m 27 and using it again."
"Ive been on Phentermine for one month now, and already I&#039;ve lost 10 lbs, but I still eat, just not as much as I used to. when I started I weighed 130, I know I know, &quot;your not fat&quot; but even the thin people have problem areas, and thats what I want to get rid of. Im always on my feet I work 3 jobs. In the month that I have taken them, not once have I not been able to fall asleep, I have felt pretty moody though.If I dont take it I wake up with a pounding head ech."
"I had moderate to severe acne starting around the age of 15/16, right around when I got my first period. By age 20 my skin still wasn&#039;t clear, even on Yaz. That medication did wonders for my endometriosis and cramps, but my skin didn&#039;t get better. I talked to my doctor about spiro and we agreed that it was a good plan. 100mg/day for the first month, then down to 50mg/day. The idea was to &quot;shock my system&quot; for a big clearing. That first month was TERRIBLE. I broke out like never before with massive cystic, painful zits. My self esteem was worse than ever. BUT, I stuck with it. Today I&#039;m on my 6th month of spiro and I LOVE it. I sometimes get a zit here or there, but nothing like before-- mostly just blackheads. My skin is even and clear!"
"Lyrica gave me back enough life to work part time again. Tried many other medicines to treat my Fibromyalgia symptoms and few had much positive effect. However, found that Tramadol works for the muscle pain, and Lyrica allows me the strength and energy to move once the pain is managed. Trazodone helps with the quality sleep issue."
"I&#039;m sure this would be great for someone else, but I&#039;ve tried four different pills and this one was by far the worst. I gained a lot of weight and got the worst acne I&#039;ve ever had in my life (never even had acne like that as a teenager). My period was nearly gone, which was nice, but also made me feel like I was certainly pregnant for the first couple months combined with the other side effects listed."
"I&#039;m a 41 year old male and I suffer from diabetic Neuropathy in my feet. It&#039;s steadily gotten worse over the last 2 years and wasn&#039;t even diagnosed properly until 3 months ago. I&#039;ve been taking Lyrica started with 75mg twice a day which didn&#039;t much of anything. I&#039;m now taking 150mg twice a day, it&#039;s somewhat effective but not quite there yet not sure if dosage will have to be increased or I&#039;ll have to try something else?

I haven&#039;t had a lot of the side effects others have mentioned except for memory loss. I&#039;ve noticed that my short term memory hasn&#039;t been the best of late but other than that not really many side effects for me."
"This is the WORST product ever!!! I used the 1 day ovule and I feel like there is a lighted match along with a giant stalk of poison ivy shoved up my nether regions. It&#039;s 10x worse than the YI itself, I can&#039;t even sit down. Opt for the 7 day treatment"
"Bilateral Pulmonary Emboli directly due to Nuvaring use. 
Misdiagnosed by first couple physicians and sent directly to ER after another physician recognized the signs of a potential blood clot. I was extremely active, had a great career, and never thought something like this would happen to me. I really liked the Nuvaring for a variety of reasons, but nothing is worth dying for. This came very close to killing me and I had to make big changes to my life after my blood clots. Weigh Risks and Benefits with more than 1 physician, and look for alternatives!!!"
"I have Bipolar and ADD, the antidepressants compromised my ability to focus and think cogently. I tried ritalin and adderall but with little improvement. Focalin gives me a good 4 hours of ability to concentrate on cognitively demanding tasks. I&#039;m a college professor and I can vary the dosage slightly depending on the demands of my day/tasks with doctor&#039;s approval. This med. works very well, but wears off after about 4 hours and can leave me feeling drained. Overall, it&#039;s really helpful. Has not affected or caused any mania."
"PLEASE do not buy this product!  Save your $23!! This makes your unpleasant situation into a horrible nightmare.  I have never experience such intense burning and itching."
"Started on celexa 8 yrs ago.  It was tremendously successful at 60mg, so much so that I nicknamed it routine Xanax.  Then FDA directed lower dose to 40mg for senior citizens due to small possibility of dropping dead from altered heart rhythm.  So my shrink and I tried Zoloft(I felt zombified).  Lost two Drs. cause they transferred to different departments, then we tried adding wellbutrin to cover the side effects, but that simulated taking a strong stimulant, shakey and anxious.  Was was then carefully switched to effexor  SR.  Once completely off the wellbutrin and Zoloft, and taking Effexor  SR caps 150mg, I&#039;m now, after a few days, approaching benefits of celexa, with side effects decreasing or gone.  Will ask for 1 more slight dose increase."
"I have used these patches with great success for years but yesterday I was given the new Mylan brand and they are awful...they will not stick and I am allergic to surgical tape so can&#039;t keep them on.  They just plain will not stick except to themselves.  I am stuck with 90 patches that I most likely will not be able to use and I am going to be in pain all month until I can get my next RX.  You can bet I will ask for my old brand next time."
"MUCH less effective than aspirin or other NSAIDS, does nothing for me for headaches or arthritis."
"Do not buy this product! Got the 7 day pack, within minutes of inserting the applicator I began feeling a burning like no other. Never been in this much pain before, would honestly much rather of stayed with the symptoms of the YI because they were actually less painful than what it&#039;s like now.  Took a long shower ( thank god for deattachable shower heads) and screamed and cried in pain the whole time. Layed back down in bed and cried some more. Even after using the shower head to try and rinse some of the product out still finding some of it. Would never reccomend this to even my enemy&#039;s. Even tried getting the day off of work to try and feel less pain"
"So here&#039;s the deal. Don&#039;t take this unless you know you have a yeast infection! Bought this one since it seemed the least amount of time would be involved. Then I went home and read reviews. Everyone is warning about this INTENSE and HORRIBLE burning and itching they felt which actually made me hold off for a few days. If you do not have a diagnosed YI then this is going to BURN. Otherwise it&#039;s is going work like a charm. About ten minutes after putting this in before bed, I did feel a little bit of itching but not even enough to want to scratch. I fell asleep within 15 minutes and slept through the night. I had a diagnosed YI. I had NO BURNING. I had very little itching. This product is going to hurt if you don&#039;t have YI!!!!!"
"I smoke for two reasons: habit or stress relief. While Commit lozenges were fantastic for my habitual smoking, I found that when I was stressed, Commits just didn&#039;t cut it. I did however, go from a pack a day to less than a pack a week with commit. So all-in-all, Commit was a success."
"I took this pill next day after having unprotected sex with my bf. I don&#039;t want to be pregnant because I&#039;m still in studyingl. I didn&#039;t experience anything other than the lower back pain and heavier than normal periods for the next 3 months of each period. I also didn&#039;t get the breakthrough bleeding that some of you girls experienced. 
4 years ago I used Plan B as well I remember it was in 2 pills form, and it also worked fine and I think that two pills formulation is better, because I didn&#039;t get any lower back pain and the heavy flow periods as a side effect. So I wonder if they bring back the two pills formula than only one pill, may decrease the back pain and heavy flow, or  I&#039;m just getting old. haha .
Good luck to all of you!"
"So far, excellent and no issues. Had to split the pill in quarters, even half 2.5 was too much, felt like I was going to pop down there."
"I took this for several years. I would occasionally switch to something else, but I always came back to it. While effective, it caused me to gain a lot of weight."
"I take a very low dose-5mg of Ambien at bedtime when I know I need a great night&#039;s sleep! I had one experience of taking this after drinking and it wasn&#039;t an experience I&#039;d ever like to relive! Crazy- to say the least! I have not done any sleep walking or strange night activities!"
"Was prescribed two 75mg SR (morning and evening) and felt very drowsy and tired every morning. Switched to 1x per day (evening) and get almost the same benefit and feel fine.  Other NSAID drugs did not reduce AS inflammation for me. In combination with Enbrel the indomethacin has controlled my AS for 12 years now. Minimal pain and I can run and exercise."
"I think this product is GREAT  I used Jublia for over 3 months and hardly seen any improvement  I see NOTICEABLE  improvement after using Ciclopirox 8%  in only 2 weeks!!!"
"I started taking Prozac after failing to be able to deal with some traumatic events happening in my life over an extended period of time.   The Prozac made me quite shaky and left me with a feeling of extreme nervousness.   I kept imagining flying off my balcony (for real).   My doctor said it was very rare to have this sort of reaction.   I hired a therapist.  I switched doctors.   I was prescribed Paroxetine.   It made me feel normal again.   

If you have a bad reaction to Prozac, don&#039;t be afraid to let your doctor know.  People react differently to medicines, even when they&#039;re supposed to be close to the same thing."
"I started Fetzima earlier this year (2014) and I am now going off of it because it just didn&#039;t work for me.  The one thing it did do for me was give me some energy which I sorely lack.  That&#039;s why I gave it a &quot;3&quot; because it did do something. But what I really need is something to lift my mood, and this it did not do.  The depression is still very bad.  My doctor just switched me to Brintellix today.  Here&#039;s hoping."
"So ive been prescribed Aubra due to some irresponsible decisions. I have been on it for nearly 3 weeks and I have been bleeding ever since I started it. I began taking it the first day of my period and my period normally only lasts 3 to 4 days. Aubra caused it to last 6 days. A few days later I began bleeding slightly and I had to use panty liners for a couple days then it got a bit heavier and now I have to use liners or pads. When I first started taking it, I had terrible mood swings and my period was terrible. I am hoping that it gets better and the bleeding stops. It is uncomfortable and I feel very unclean."
"Stg 2b or stg 3 according to onc nurse. Invasive lob cancer. One yr on letrozol.just had bone cancer scare but negative bone scan. Hot flashes, sweats, bone fracture, not injury. Some bleeding from genital tissues. Also had 10 lb weight loss. Anyone else with bleeding and weight loss? Lots of back pain, already had osteo earth."
"I&#039;ve started taking Concerta because of ADD when I was 21. I went to see my doctor, I was explaining to him that I had difficulty keeping up at school since I was a kid, but the only reason I&#039;m in University was because I was in art school. He prescribed me concerta. If anyone took speed before, it&#039;s exactly the same effect. You do get a down. You are more focused. You loose weight. However, you can go to sleep at night. The problem is, I don&#039;t take it everyday, I think it&#039;s a little bit too harsh for me. I&#039;ll go see him again, maybe I have psychological issues.
It DID help with my sleeping: I always fell asleep in the afternoon, it took everything I had to stay awake ( at school, at home, at friends house) I was known as the sleeper."
"I started this medicine four months ago, and I&#039;ve had the worst experience so far. My skin has cleared up and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, but otherwise the side effects are NOT worth it. I&#039;ve gained 12 pounds since I&#039;ve started, and I&#039;m a petite girl who&#039;s weight never fluctuates. My face has swollen up like a chipmunk to where I can hardly smile anymore. I&#039;m constantly bloated and there&#039;s no way to fix it. My sex drive has drastically decreased. Sure it&#039;s great I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, but feeling so fat and bloated and insecure that it makes me want to stay inside and hide - NOT worth it!!"
"Well, it did the job pretty efficiently,  so it gets an extra star for that.  However, I was left with and the next day a rash and swelling that started closing off my airways. It took 5 days to realize that it was a side effect of the drug. I stopped taking it and popped one benedeyl and the next day my throat was half it&#039;s precious size nd my face burned much less. Still recovering. It was so expensive and ended up doing this to me."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for four years and haven&#039;t had ANY negative effects. It controls my hormones and lightens up my period plus great for your face if you have acne. Ever since I&#039;ve been on it I haven&#039;t had acne. I recommend this mostly to teens for acne and hormones."
"Awful stomach cramps, the worst experience I&#039;ve ever had with a laxative."
"This medication is by far the best migraine medicine that I have used. The only thing that works better is a trip to the ER and then you have to suffer for hours and hours waiting on the doctor and have an extremely high bill. IMITREX always works for me."
"I have been using Buspar for severe anxiety and panic attacks for almost a year. It&#039;s amazing to find something that actually works. I do have to take it right before bed, I get extremely lightheaded and can feel my pulse throughout my body. Other than that, it does work well. I still use Klonopin when I need to, but it&#039;s not often. I&#039;m taking 30mg before bed."
"This pill is horrid. I was on it for 3 months. Constant bleeding between spotting and light/normal bleeding. Bad mood swings. Intenstinal problems that were horrible and worsened. I don&#039;t recommend this pill if you have heavy bleeding. It won&#039;t stop it."
"I started having panic attacks regularly. I couldn&#039;t be on my own, I was afraid of choking every time I ate. It was awful. I lost about 25 pounds in a very short amount of time and couldn&#039;t get any of my school work done without suffering from anxiety. I was diagnosed with panic disorder and began taking a variety of medications--eventually I was prescribed Zoloft. It took about a month to kick in but ever since then I have not had a full blown panic attack (although I occasionally suffer from bouts of anxiety). For the most part I would say I seem to suffer from very few side effects--I would say I am more lethargic than normal,  sometimes I have trouble falling asleep at night, and I have a decreased sex drive. But no more panic attacks!"
"I was able to quit after 40 years of smoking. Have not smoked since 2008. Only side effect was strange dreams."
"Started Savella on 5/30/10 2-week titration pack.  First 2 days took it morning and evening, but could not sleep even with Ambien.  Stopped the evening dose and took Ambien only when had trouble falling asleep, and able to sleep again.  Biggest problem was daytime sleepiness - very difficult to deal with.  I am at 50 mg./day, morning only.  It helps with the daytime sleepiness very well, and with some of the aches and pains.  50 mg gives me mild anxiety which is hard to take. Will go back to 25 mg.  If you can&#039;t sleep-don&#039;t take it at night.  Keep your room cool/cold.  "
"Took first does, went within a few hours no side effects  bm a little muddy other wise perfect BM insurance covered after doing prior authorization request from doc, I also had to try every OTC med before medicaid covered it"
"I was prescribed mirtazapine after trying a few other anti-depressants with bad results. I suffer from depression and bipolar type 2. I found the mirtazapine helped me to sleep. After a few days of being on it did increase my appetite but this is usually over come with will power. I take my 45mg tablet at night so I guess that&#039;s what helps for sleep and in the morning I take a does of Lamictal for my mood. After being on this medicine for a few months now I can finally see a light at the end of the tunnel and realize the black dog may become a thing of the past hopefully. Thanks mirtazapine."
"I was not diagnosed with RA for 6 years due to being overweight. So, after all the agonizing daily pain I went thru, I finally found a doctor that listened. Actually, I found a nurse practitioner that listened! So on went a 2 year stent of trying methotrexate/steroid combo of what came with no results. I was given Enbrel and a next option. It changed my life!!! By the next day I had 50% pain relief. I have been taking it for a couple of years now and I would say I&#039;m about 80% pain free. I don&#039;t have joint swelling at all. But the main affected joints hurt when pushed past their limits. I was taken off enbrel for a short time due to insurance and put on Simponi. Within 1 week all the pain and joint swelling returned. I have no s/e also!"
"So far it&#039;s been over 2 weeks on Lutera and I like it. I only had a headache and slightly nauseous on the first day of taking the pill and after that I was fine. My skin is clear (I didn&#039;t have acne before either though), I have no mood swings &amp; no spotting. My energy level is the same as before I took the pill. I have no weight gain either. Overall I am very pleased with this pill. In the past I have taken Orthotricyclen and it made me slightly nauseous and I had some light spotting if I took a pill later than usual. I hope this review helps someone. Just keep in mind everyone is different and their body reacts differently to bc pills."
"I got this about a month ago, I couldn&#039;t stop crying over little things and I&#039;ve been bleeding for almost two weeks which is very annoying. I also have been breaking out on my chin and having some consitpation/stomach problems. This birth control works well but the side effects are horrible I&#039;m considering getting it out and getting an IUD without hormones."
"Breo for asthma is once daily. Cutting dosing in half made sense and the medication did work. The device is much easier to use. I would suggest others ask doctors or research this one."
"Was prescribed 2 mg tablets to be taken 1 or 2 pills every 3 or 4 hours after my complicated rotator cuff surgery which involved reattaching three completely torn through tendons. The pills were completely ineffective. They did nothing for my pain. I quit taking them after the first day.  I could not tell that I had taken anything. The circulating ice water machine they send you home from surgery with and regular Advil provided much better relief."
"I have tried over 20 different medications, and Trintellix is the best fit for me. I always describe its effect for me as &quot;being able to turn everything down in my head.&quot; I can see how this might not be a good fit for others as it might certainly aggravate &quot;feeling nothing&quot; or &quot;feeling detached.&quot; However, as my issue is primarily that I feel TOO much and am unable to step back from my emotions and intrusive, racing thoughts, Trintellix&#039;s &quot;detachment&quot; is extremely helpful for me. 

I do get nausea for the first week upon taking Trinellix or upping my dosage; however, this subsides for me. I was on 10mg for 8 months and have now increased my dosage to 20mg in hopes of it being even more effective."
"I had an unsuccessful ablation in 2011. I was put on Tikosyn in the hospital. A-Fib was not constant . I went inand out of A-Fib for about four years. After that time it became constant. I gained weight, was tired all the time and experience lower back pain.  Also, the cost of this drug created a financial hardship. My income did not allow me to get a discount!"
"I was on Abilify for a year and a half. In that time I gained 30lbs. It also made me very forgetful. I felt like there was a fog in my brain that just wouldn&#039;t go away. The med did work but I can&#039;t stand feeling like I&#039;m starving every second of the day. I quit cold turkey six days ago and already lost 4 lbs. I feel great...I have more energy, the fog is lifting and I&#039;m not as hungry! Good luck to you."
"I haven&#039;t had a cold sore since my teenager years. When I looked in the mirror yesterday morning I was in shock to see one on my lip. It was just the beginning of a cold sore. I immediately remember seeing a ad for Abreva and it claimed to heal sores fast!  I had nothing to lose and knew my Garth Brooks concert was coming up in two days.  Knowing my friends and family there would be pictures of my smile everywhere. The product was amazing.  Two days using it and its pretty much all gone! Wow. It was a miracle worker! Thank you Abreva.  It was easy to use and couldn&#039;t believe how fast it worked!  Ready for my pictures in my all time favorite Garth Brooks."
"My husband and I each started this and were each amazed at how much less pain we had.  My pain was from ACL replacement in 1991 and his from osteoarthritis.  Both were helped. "
"Whether or not PMDD is &quot;real,&quot; I have noticed that I went from experiencing these symptoms at FULL FORCE...to almost none at all. After 4 months of Yaz, I went from raging menstrual psycho to slightly irritable girlfriend. For this reason alone, I will recommend Yaz to anyone who feels they are affected by PMDD.

"
"To be honest the first month I used this medication it was rough, I fell into a severe depression and started to break out and experienced nausea consistently. After the first month, things got a lot better. Now after 7 months of taking the pill, my before unbearable cramps are almost nonexistent, my period that used to last a full week only lasts 4 days, and all the side effects I experienced the first month were gone within the second. My breasts did go up a cup size, but I did not gain any weight so I took it as a positive. Now since I&#039;ve switched another pharmacy they gave me Junel and I am very unhappy and want to go back to Microgestin immediately."
"I&#039;d suffered from toe nail fungus for over ten years. I&#039;d tried every possible topical treatment but nothing worked. All ten of my nails were infected. I also had VERY dry rough skin on my feet. Doctors just told me this was dry skin and couldn&#039;t be treated. I researched Lamisil for my nail fungus but the side effects scared me. Eventually my feet were affecting my life so I decided I had to try it.
It&#039;s AMAZING! I literally saw results within 2 weeks. In the past I&#039;d trim and file my nails to remove the fungus and after that they&#039;d look slightly better but within days the fungus would reappear. Not any more! And my rough dry skin stopped too. 7 weeks in and they&#039;re looking great, smooth skin and no side effects."
"I have tried numerous migraine medications, and Frova is the clear winner for me. It worked quickly, didn&#039;t cause dizziness, and there was no rebound the next day. If they could just decrease the cost of these medicines it would be perfect. "
"Started Victoza 3 weeks ago, have had some muscle discomfort in my back, nothing major. What I have had that is major is a 15 pound weight loss bringing me down to the weight I was in College and blood sugars in the 90s to 140s. My 14 day average is down to 112 from 195, 6 months ago. This medicine works! Now if I can just get my insurance company to cover it. After all it is saving them money on all the other drugs I was taking as well as helping me be healthier."
"In the beginning of the relationship with my 40 year old boyfriend, we met nothing but trouble in the bedroom. We had sex about 3 times a month, and I was ALWAYS the one to have to initiate it (and there was never any guarantee that he was even going to get an erection or that it was going to last.) Then something changed. Suddenly he was the one starting the fire. Suddenly he would get ridiculously hard just from a little kissing. Suddenly we were having sex 4 or 5 times a week.  Then one day I was cleaning and found a cleverly concealed pill bottle...yep, it was Cialis. I am going to send them a Christmas card until I die. I have never been more satisfied in my entire life."
"I&#039;ve been on Butrans 10 mcg since July. Today I noticed that my shirt, right where I had the patch was wet. I checked the patch and I could see a liquid seeping from the patch. With today being Saturday, I couldn&#039;t reach my doctor, so I got ready and went to the pharmacy. I guess the way I was feeling could be described as being extremely &quot;high&quot; and very jittery! Also my head hurt and I was nauseous! The pharmacist told me to remove the patch right away, and she gave me a piece of paper to stick it on and a zipper bag to close it up in. She said I was getting the full week long dose all at once, so I was in jeopardy of overdosing, if I wouldn&#039;t have caught it sooner! i don&#039;t know if I want to put another one on!"
"BRING BACK AVINZA! I&#039;ve had a C1-C2 Chronic Pain for 36 years now. The closest I have come to how things were before some illegal drunk in an 18-wheeler truck was allowed to kill two friends, change another friend&#039;s life, &amp; ruin my life, has been AVINZA. It&#039;s been a year &amp; my life again turned upside down, as I have yet to find another Morphine that compares to AVINZA. Of course I am refused to try MS- Contin, or Oxy-contin, even though I&#039;ve taken Narcotics responsibly now for almost 25 years. Just bring back AVINZA, as I know there has to be other people like me, though I fear from experience- that we who suffer from Chronic Pain, are looked at as irrelevant, and why AVINZA was taken away from us!"
"I just started my Forteo. I am 49 yrs old. I have hashimoto Thyroiditis, auto immune hepatitis, auto immune pituitary disease and rheumatoid arthritis. Also asthma from childhood. I&#039;ve been on steroids every day for 7 years as well as other immunosuppressive drugs. I have osteoporosis of lumbar spine which I have been treated by pain management doc because orthopedic changes significant and orthopedic unable to help. Rheumatologist reinforced necessity of treatment since there is no end to need for steroids in the future. Shots easy to give.... simple step by step guide to assist at first. Knock on wood....no major negative effects at this point. Too early to know much but am very hopeful."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for just over a month now with no noticeable side effects. my period was only 2-3 days of spotting and that was it though I don&#039;t know that my cycle normally being 30 days instead of 28 had a part to play in this. the first couple weeks I had reddish-brown discharge but i think that&#039;s cleared up now. I was expecting to get acne for the first little bit because thats what my body normally does when i start a new vitamin or med but there was no problem. the only other effect I can think of was that I got really horney for the week that i would normally be ovulating but that could just be a coincidence. but overall nothing negative to say,"
"GAME CHANGER if you fear public speaking. it solves the problem.
20mg - 1h before the speech and you will be calm and relaxed like if you are in a bar with friend speaking about football. I just mind why i did not start before... I have lost so many years"
"My Dr. Started me on 10 mg with a two week sample.   Caused upset stomach and that flat bland feeling like your on antidepressants. Which would be OK, except I suffer from GAD not depression.   Went down to 5 mg and feel just right.  I still feel anxious sometimes. but no overwhelming feelings. Haven&#039;t needed to take any benzos in months.  I feel like me . It has been almost a year and it still causes stomach upset if I don&#039;t take with food.  Sometimes more is not better.  I would recommend giving this one at least two months before you decide if it is working for you."
"I&#039;ve been taking a Drug called Brintellix for a few days now. I take one pill in mornings with breakfast and for the first time in years  I have became active, creative, happy and I have the will to get up and be motivated.  I felt like my old self but younger. I haven&#039;t been on the med long but so far I&#039;m amazed. I can&#039;t tolerate other antidepressants and they don&#039;t work for me.  So right now I&#039;m living life and not just watching life pass by. I recommended talking to your Dr about Brintellix if you&#039;re living like I was."
"I feel very difficult when taking Zoloft at 25mg. for about ten days then 50mg. afterwards. I primarily take it for stress, anxiety, and depression.  Once I was told by a psychiatrist that I could have PMDD even though I haven&#039;t been diagnosed with the condition by a gynecologist, it&#039;s because I would have severe crying spells days before my period so severe that I wouldn&#039;t stop crying, and I would feel extremely sensitive emotionally.  I still cry a little before I get period sometimes, but the medication I take seems to work well to keep my nerves calm.  In addition I have bipolar depression, PTSD, social anxiety, and ADD/ADHD.  Ritalin is another medication that I also take."
"Ultram is the only medicine that stops the Fibromyalgia pain."
"Was prescribed methadone for withdrawal symptoms in 1979...and never realised how absolutely addicting this drug actually is.
It can make one sleepy, and it doesn&#039;t make one &#039;high&#039;..at the beginning however it can give what one person called &#039;&#039;a garrulous sense of well being&#039;&#039;
It takes away nervousness but then one of the early symptoms of heroin/methadone withdrawal is a sense of nameless fear ..a stomach rolling anxiety.
Over 30 years later, am still on methadone..being &#039;&#039;encouraged&#039;&#039; [is there a choice?] to transfer to Buperenorphine...long term addicts who have made the switch seem to rate the buprenorphine..&#039;&#039;clearer headed&#039;&#039;.
By the way...methadone needs very careful titration in the beginning..
&#039;&#039;Start low go slow&#039;&#039; ."
"I&#039;ve been on it for a month and I&#039;m up to 3ml. I had a lot of trouble during the month with eating, and I was very nauseous in the beginning. I was eating about 1-2 times a day but that started to wear off the 2nd week at 3ml and I&#039;m back to 3 meals a day. I&#039;ve lost 12lbs this month and I have to admit I was not as diligent with my nutrition and exercise as usual. If this works as well with partial doses and a diet not nearly as clean as usual, this gives me hope. Looks like I can finally reach my weight loss goals!"
"I was diagnosed with Inflammatory Arthritis (RA) September of 2015 (29 years old). First I was on Plaquenil which never seemed to help and on top of it I developed a terrible hive rash which went away once I stopped taking it. Next I tried Humira. That worked great for about 6 months before my symptoms came back. Now I&#039;m on Remicade and have been for almost a year now. It works great. I get my infusion every 8 weeks and have NO SYMPTOMS!! I love Remicade. It gave me my life back. I am slightly concerned though because I&#039;ve developed another rash that won&#039;t seem to go away after 2 months of dealing with it, trying steroids etc etc. Cross your fingers it&#039;s not Remicade causing my rash. I&#039;ll cry!"
"Azathioprine worked well to reduce my ulcerative colitis symptoms and had zero noticeable side effects. The required frequent blood tests were a hassle and it did lower my white count significantly. In the end, the medicine was not sufficient to manage my condition and we added an anti-TNF to it. Once that was ramped up I discontinued azathioprine since it added nothing to the anti-TNF."
"Having read all the reviews here I nearly cancelled my appointment to have Mirena fitted, I was terrified not having a high pain threshold. Anyway decided to go and have a chat with the doctor first, I took 500mg of naproxen an hour before my appointment. My description of it is this ... to start with it feels just like a smear, then slight stomach cramps (not as bad as my usual period pains) then another bit of cramping then done. I was so shocked at how quick it took and how little it hurt, I really was expecting to be in a lot of pain.....now 2-3 hrs later I&#039;ve got no bleeding and a bit of a dull ache like a period pain. I&#039;m really glad I plucked up the courage to go, it was no where near as bad as I was expecting."
"This needs to be back on the store shelves at once. It is much more effective for allergic rhinitis and nasal congestion than any other product on the market."
"Xanax is the perfect solution for those of us who have trouble sleeping, Off to sleep you go !!! no strange thoughts buzzing around your head, just quality restfull sleep with no groggy after affects, but i do wonder if it so astute at switching my brain off from random thoughts is it affecting my ability at work and such, (ie) to just cruise and be content instead of getting on the front foot and nutting things out, being a go getter?? i only use as required and cant praise this substance enough."
"I am prescribed to Talwin NX for chronic left leg pain due to having numerous strokes, seizures, and two heart-attacks. I have also been diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s disease. I think this medication works very well and when I don&#039;t take it for awhile I have no adverse reactions-(withdrawals).I have also not formed a dependency to this medication unlike other narcotic pain medications I have been prescribed."
"So.. this thing works. However, I&#039;m on month 11 out of 12 for the first year. Been bleeding ever since I got it. I would have a few weeks of clear, normal discharge. But then the bleeding would start again. It&#039;s gotten worse. I went in to my doctor at 6 months, because what I was told is that the bleeding would subside by then.. they told me to wait it out, because it was such a comittment I&#039;d made. As if I should act like this ok that I continue to bleed so much. It just sucks that it didn&#039;t work like I expected. I have one more month that I&#039;m gonna try and give it a chance.. but honestly I&#039;m so over it. Sometimes there were days were I got so  depressed. Sigh. Hope the bleeding stops soon.."
"Will not take again! Up all night frequent urination. Finally fell asleep and woke with awful migraine, dizziness, nausea, fatigue and muscle pain! I&#039;ve been feeling awful all day! Can&#039;t wait to get this out of my system! Will go back to Clariten which I tolerate.  Ughhhh..."
"I rated Linzess a 9 because it works, but it is STILL a drug, with unknown long term effects.  I have decided to take that risk for quality-of-life reasons.  I have been on it for 18  months (145mg once a day), and it works very well for me.  I got headaches at first, but that subsided.  I gained 5 pounds, but that may be due to other factors.  I used to take Aloe 450 capsules twice a day - DON&#039;T DO IT.  That resulted in the worse case of melanosis coli my Gastro has ever seen; time will tell if it is reversable.  I had severe constipation and crippling gas pain for 30  years before diagnosis of IBS.  With Linzess, I have normal BMs 80% of the time (diarrhea 10% and constipation the other 10%).  Gas pains are rare (usually when stressed)."
"I am 32 and since I was 28 I have been suffering very bad migraines due to damaging my neck and back. I can wake up with a bad migraine and tight sore neck and shoulder muscles. I usually take mersyndol forte but codeine leaves me feeling very tired and nauseated. Visits to the ER were a waste of time. My doc put me on maxalt. I had low expectations as nothing else really worked. I was very pleasantly surprised...finally some relief!!  I&#039;m on warfarin so cannot take ibuprofen aspirin etc. I&#039;m so happy to have found something! I wonder why I wasn&#039;t prescribed this sooner."
"I&#039;ve been on this for a few months now, prozac made me 100x worse and an awful relationship made me 1000x worse. So I started on this. Same as any tablets, horrible initial few weeks but then got better. Dry mouth, bad night mares and eating like a horse. But it all depends what time you take this tablet. I&#039;m on 50mg, I started off breaking the Tablet in 2 and taking a half a day. It&#039;s ok, all depends on you though. I have to come off it for a while as I have a drugs test for work and this is known to cause a failed drugs test. So keep that in mind. Other than that, it&#039;s good. I&#039;m much more happy, and less scared. Feel positive which is a nice change."
"I have dealt with chronic migraines (normally 1x or so weekly, lasting 1-3 days each) for about a year or so.  OTC meds have virtually no effect at all.  I asked my Dr for Zomig and tried it first time today.  Headache went from 2 days at between 7 and 9 on pain scale to a 1 or 2 within about 1/2 hour, less than 1 another 1/2 hour later.  I put on an eye mask to block light and rested, was pleasantly surprised to have only minor discomfort a short time later.  Never has anything eased my headaches the way this did.

Side effects minimal - slight flushed feeling, a tad light-headed, slightly elevated heart rate.  Nothing uncomfortable at all. 

This is somewhat expensive at $60 co-pay for 6 doses but was well worth the expense."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for about a little over a year now. I&#039;ll have to say it is very reliable for preventing pregnancy. It&#039;s much easier then the pill in my opinion. Honestly when I first got it I bled for about 8 months straight. It was lighter, but still a hassle. I was determined to keep it in. After about a year I stopped bleeding. Now I only get 4-5 light periods every other month. If your willing to wait it out, I definitely would. It took my body awhile to get used to it and now it&#039;s doing great! I barely get headaches and cramps (only a little cramps to indicate my period was coming) No weight gain either! Definitely worth it."
"I been on Cymbalta for 9 years this has been a miracle for me. It helps with anxiety, my chronic pain, my fibromyalgia, my bipolar now just find something to help with anger I&#039;d be perfect. The only side effect I have had is nightmares if I forget to take it that&#039;s it. I love my medicine."
"This birth control is the worst ever. Why would doctors even allow something like this to be on the market. Non stop bleeding forever!!!!!!!! Your whole life stops!! Please remove it!"
"Insertion itself is not very painful, and it&#039;s over quickly. The pain I experienced was during the manual dilation, which did make me nearly pass out. The nurse said that was my body&#039;s reaction to dilation, and is not uncommon. After 20 minutes or so to recover, I went home. Cramping and spotting for the rest of the day, and occasional cramping for the following week. Cramping was significantly better on days after evening work outs.

My partner cannot feel the strings during sex, and I have no idea that the IUD is there. There is no reason for me to believe that I should begin to have more side effects down the road, because a few weeks in all spotting and cramping has subsided."
"I was taken off of Suboxone and put on Zubsolv and it was terrible. They tell you more of the medicine is absorbed so the actual mg is lower than Suboxone or Subutex. I was ok during the day but, by the time bed time rolled around, I felt the affects of the medicine wearing off. I even kept it in my mouth for 20 minutes. Still didn&#039;t last very long. I&#039;m now taking Subutex and feel much better! Didn&#039;t work for me, may work for some!"
"I have been on this for 3 weeks, and I am not impressed. But since my dermatologist told me to try it for two months (and I&#039;ve read others&#039; reviews), I am going to stick it out. 
I didn&#039;t have horrible acne to begin with, but I was starting to get bad cystic ones on my checks, especially during my ovulation and menstrual cycle. So my doctor recommended this med. After the first week, things started to get worse! Now on week three and I have the worse acne I have had in a long time!! It is pretty embarrassing, especially considering I wasn&#039;t too bad before I started this drug.
I am hopeful that things will get better, and my face will clear up, and stay clear even during those cycle times.
But right now it is awful!"
"I have been using Nexplanon since September of 2014 as an alternative to using the pill.  The insertion process was painless due to the loads of numbing medication they placed along the injection site, it does leave a large bruise for about a week. After thaythat,  I forget I have it.
My periods went from 3-4 days to 10-14; from light flow to HEAVY; and from no PMS symptoms to all of them: acne, tender breasts, fatigue,  bloating,  etc.  It has done its job as a birth control.  I&#039;m only getting it removed because my gastro and I have linked the severity of my IBS symptoms to hormonal birth control use.  Unfortunately so."
"I started using Phentermine 37.5 just two days ago and I love it. I started at 5&#039;6&quot;, 224lbs. This morning I weighed myself and I&#039;m already down to 219lbs. I am hoping to lose about 50-70 pounds at least. I do get the dry mouth that others have said, but I don&#039;t have the energy boost, I do however have to pee like every 30-60 minutes I think it&#039;s because of the amount of water I&#039;m drinking now."
"This works. Let me cut to the chase: I am normally VERY careful when it comes to protection, but accidents happen. My guy and I had sex once with a condom, no ejaculation. Then we went for round two without a condom. This time, there was ejaculation, although he did not get any inside me. I know that pre-cum is something that can potentially carry sperm so, to be on the safe side, I took Plan B One Step about 2.5 hours after. Long story short, I could have been ovulating (very regular 28/29 day cycles) and, it&#039;s worth a mention, I am WELL over that supposed &quot;175 lb&quot; weight limit for plan B to work. All preg tests on days 24, 25, and 26 of my cycle are negative and today I got my heavy, heavy, painful period. No baby here."
"I took this pill for almost a year. I thought the symptoms I had would go away but they only got worse! Severe crying spells and extreme sensitivity to anything someone said to me and also mood swings with depression and anxiety. I am hoping a different pill will not give me the same horrible experience this gave me. If you are experiencing these side effects I encourage you to switch as soon as you notice them. They will not get better and it will effect your social life. As far as physical side effects I only had spotting the first few months which is normal."
"I just started metformin 16 days ago. Explosive bowel motion probably most accurately describes my initial experience. It already seems to be getting better. I&#039;ve lost 21 lbs, 233 to 212, in the past 16 days. My blood sugar went from 300&#039;s to 90&#039;s."
"Did absolutely nothing for me. If I could rate a 0 I would."
"I have been taking Minastrin 24 Fe  for 3 years now and I have no more cramps or period ever! My period stopped completely for a year now! Before I used to suffer from horrible cramps and heavy period but now I feel amazing every month! I totally recommend and wish I had found it when I was a teenager!"
"First time user of the pill in general. The doctor put me on the lo because I also wanted it to help with acne symptoms as well as general birth control. 
The first 2 weeks I did not notice any side effects, all was well. The 3rd week I started noticing bloating and weight gain. The weight gain did not stop and I started noticing my appetite sky rocket. I was hungry a lot and often. I started snacking and gaining weight around hips and butt. Not a good feeling. 
To be clear, I used this for only 2 months, but in those two months I gained a little over 5 pounds and felt bloated and foggy brain. The acne did start to improve after the first month which was nice and my skin was doing great, however, this was not enough incentive for me."
"Negligible improvement of Chronic Rhinitis. Multiple nasty side effects including, headaches, sore throat, muscular aches in throat, neck and back as far down as the kidneys, occasional dizziness. These symptoms started after about a week of one puff per nostril per day. And they are persisting six weeks after stopping use of this product. It is like having a mild dose of influenza without any fever or elevated body temperature. It might work for some people, but for me it is very bad news."
"I am 60 years old and have had Raynaud&#039;s Syndrome for 10 years. The first episode was when I was diagnosed, when I looked like I would lose a finger from severe frostbite. However a wonderful surgeon told me to try Nitro-Bid cream on that finger for 7 days, before resorting to removing the finger. It was miraculous as within those 7 days my skin started to renew itself and the sheer pain of it all was gone within 3 days. He saved my index finger on my left hand and I was extremely grateful."
"I buy cialis online for a tiny fraction of what you pay in Australia. I buy 20mg tablets for 20 cents each then quarter them. They work good for BPH and ED. The pharmacy industry is rolling us over a barrel. "
"I was giving four 500MG of Flagyl to take all at once. I took them this past Sunday. I have read a lot about how it tastes bad or is making people sick. I have not had any side affects. I know everyone&#039;s bodies react differently but just thought I would share how I took mine incase it helps someone else. I took mine first thing in the morning ate some breakfast took the pills (put them on the back of my tongue its the only way I can swallow any pill. May have helped not taste anything) drank some water and then continued to eat the rest of my breakfast. After that being said I must say that I still have some symptoms so it&#039;s left me wondering if these pills have had any affect at all on me but it might still be to early to tell."
"I am 23, got diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis last year. I been miss diagnosed with systemic yeast infection because of the psoriasis and took 10 weeks of anti fungal prescription medicine which didn&#039;t help of course because that&#039;s not what I had. I went to a different doctor and he sent me to a rheumatoid specialist and from there he introduced and prescribed me Humira and I took my 1st injection and the next morning I woke up and my joint pain, swelling and psoriasis greatly reduced."
"after chemo and radiation started on opdivo,had 8 treatments with the only side effect being sore mouth,dr took me off of it because my scans didn`t show much progress,sent me to cleveland clinic and they said to start back on it,now have sore mouth and my skin is so itchy i can barley stand it"
"I received Tramadol as a treatment for my back pain. Unlike Vicodin, Oxycontin, Morphine, and Methadone, Tramadol seems to have minimal side-effects. It makes me energetic and able to get through the day pain-free. Plus, I sleep well at night. I was addicted to the above narcotics for a few years, and Tramadol is the only drug that makes me feel pain-free, but also gives me the confidence that it is less addictive and less expensive."
"Hi , I&#039;m 40. 5-11 290 male when starting phentermine 37.5 mg. I figured I better post and help someone maybe not go through what I went through the 1st three days . Take on full stomach !!!!! I took this med on semi empty stomach the first 2 days and I thought I was going to come out of my skin it was horrible horrible feeling like I never felt !!!  I stopped my dose after day 2 and didn&#039;t wear off for another full day and slept 1hr in those 3 days !!!!! So day 4 I tried on a full stomach and no probs just the normal bad cotton mouth . I work swing shifts so I learned if your going to take this med take it as if it&#039;s not going to wear off for 16hrs. If you do this you&#039;ll be able to sleep if not good luck lol. lost 18 pounds this month"
"OMG!! I am a 55 year old lady who has suffered cold sores all my life.  I have regular outbreaks over the past few months, each lasting up to 2 weeks.   Broke out Sunday arvo, pharmacy Monday morning.  Within 2-3 hours the redness, tingling, pain had settled.  By the afternoon the blister had started to dry up and was not so angry looking.  I have never used this before and  I am &quot;blown away&quot; by how quick this worked after one dose.  Brilliant"
"I am thirty three and I have schizoaffective disorder. Ability gave me the energy to make it through the day and run after two kids.  It&#039;s the best medicine I&#039;ve ever been on.  No side effects. Stopped drinking and pills.  Doing much better."
"I am not sure how long I have been on Nuvaring but it can&#039;t be more than 3-4months. All I know is that since I&#039;ve been on it I&#039;ve had massive headaches weeks at a time and nausea constantly and I wanted to trigger that at my gluten sensitivity and maybe eating something wrong. But apparently some people have been experiencing the same symptoms. Other symptoms I&#039;ve had: 
Constipation, 15lbs weight loss, dryness, crazy hormones, and no desire to eat or have sex. I still have sex regularly but I don&#039;t think about it constantly like I used to."
"I was suffering from severe body pain, muscle ache due to severe exhaustion after a tiring day at work. Came home, had some dinner and took one Advil-liquid gel (with food works best for me), and when I wake up in the morning, it&#039;s almost like what was I complaining about? I was back at the gym working out."
"I wanted to leave my experience on here because this drug has changed my life!! I read all the bad experiences people have had and was worried this would happen to me too. Back in December 2016 for some reason I just lost it. Heart racing constant (although most my life I have had heart racing at times...anxiety) panicking over nothing, crying, depressed, lost interest in hanging out with my friends, wanted to just lay in bed all day, expecting the worst to happen, scared to drive anywhere past my town, dreading my husband coming home from work...etc...No logical reason for any of this. My doctor started me out on Zoloft and it helped a little at first. The side effects for Zoloft were awful for me the first week. 7 months in my doctor had me on 100 mg and at that point it felt like it wasn&#039;t working at all anymore. In August he switched me to Effexor (generic) The only side effects was an occasional dizzy feeling a couple times the first few days. I literally felt a change by the 2 day. Heart started beating normal, happy, lots of energy, driving everywhere!!! The best part, other then my heart not racing, is wanting to hang out with friends again and talking to complete strangers without sweating and panicking thinking they are judging me!! I did have to raise my dosage to 150 mg because 75 mg was only working half the day. I do hear when you do want to come off of these it is not fun but at this point I hope I never have to."
"It really helps me control my mood.  I normally take one to two every day depending on what is happening.  For example, I completely blew up at my girlfriend the other day over something completely stupid, took one of these, and my anger was gone.  It really helps."
"I was on Zoloft for two years. I started taking it after I had a panic attack due to extreme stress. It worked well for me. I tried Lexapro for a few days maybe 9 to be exact and I couldn&#039;t function. I couldn&#039;t lift my head or have the strength to care for my son who was a baby at the time. Zoloft was amazing. I stayed on 50mg and felt normal again. But with that said, I did gain 30 pounds. The medicine makes you feel so relaxed as before I was a calorie counter and obsessed with what I ate. I didn&#039;t mind much because I was better, that&#039;s what mattered. I came off of it and decided to get back on 5 months after stopping. I can say the second time around of being on it doesn&#039;t work for me. Like others, I must have become immune to it."
"Do not get this shot!  It tried to ruin my life.  Heavy sporadic bleeding,  mood swings,  depression, headaches,  body aches, NO sex drive,  terrible cramps, I have little/no emotion for almost everything.  I only had 2 shots.  I just want to get back to my normal :("
"I have been taking Saphris 10 mg once in the evening for 6 weeks now. The taste is terrible but I was feeling wonderful for the first time in years.  Now, unfortunately my tongue is sore, I&#039;ve lost all taste sense and my teeth ache especially when I bite down on things.  I&#039;m diabetic and my sugar is a bit elevated but I&#039;ve been able to adjust insulin for that.  I sleep like a baby all through the night now but my feet, ankles and calves are so swollen, I can barely walk.  I can&#039;t believe that I&#039;ve developed this edema and I think I&#039;m going to have to go off the medicines.  Too painful."
"Okay I just finished my first month and in that month there has been maybe  2 days that I have went the whole day without bleeding heavier then my normal period. My hair is like 3 times thinner and getting progressively worse. I&#039;m calling my doctor on Monday to switch. 
I would never recommend this to anyone. Also everytime I eat I feel awful like my stomach hurts, my head hurts and I&#039;m always tired with absolutely NO sex drive. My breasts got a little bigger but my acne got worse. Overall this pill is miserable."
"I&#039;ve tried 2 other birth control methods before nexplanon which didn&#039;t work for me. I&#039;ve been on nexplanon now for 6 months.

Insertion: The insertion process was easy and quick and painless, although I was left with a sizable bruise that I had to explain away to acquaintances and coworkers. 

Period: I got the injection on day 2 of my period and haven&#039;t had a period or any spotting since, which is awesome. Even better?  No cramps!

Acne: I have mild acne and haven&#039;t seen a change for better or worse. 

Libido: My libido decreased when I first got on nexplanon but it&#039;s now back up to its original level unlike when I was on pills. 

I had an increase in head aches for the first month but now there are no other side affects to report."
"Started on 50 mg for a week and didn&#039;t feel anything except loss of appetite and anxiety. Doctor said that was not a therapeutic dose and upped my dosage to 100mg. Four days into the 100mg dose and I am a wreck. I had bad panic attacks, extreme nausea, and the shakes. I did throw up as well. While I suffer from thought compulsions, I also deal with generalized anxiety disorder. This did not help at all and made me worse. Now I am back to 50mg and working my way off... horrible experience and feel sick. If you are looking for an anxiety med, DO NOT use this!"
"I have osteoarthrititis, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia and sciatica and have tried many other pain medicines with Celebrix being the last. I am taking Arthrotec 50mg 3x a day and by the second day I was very pleased with the results. My pain has lessened from a 7-8 down to a 2-4 level.  I have Vicodin as a stand by and haven&#039;t taken any this past month, I went from taking 1 to 3 a day to none, that is a good thing!!"
"This delivers the medication in powder form in a more environmentally friendly way, but seems thus also to have diminished effectiveness. Cost is also creeping up over the last 24 months (now $43 per unit, roughly a 23% increase overall in 2 years). 
It is perhaps the best there is, but no substitute for the previous modes of delivery, and a marginal drug value."
"I&#039;ve had depression, dissociation, mild OCD, &amp; bad anxiety my entire life. After I found out my ex GF was triggering my dissociation to have odd sexual fantasies with me, my dis grew into dissociative identity disorder &amp; my mild OCD grew into a terrible 3 type OCD. Cleaning, Counting, &amp; Pure O. My dr prescribed me 1 Venlafaxine 150xr/day. Within a month, my 2 alts were gone, my anxiety was far less (almost non existent), my OCD was gone, and my depression was way less. When I go more than 2 days without my Ven, I get brain zaps &amp; terrible anger. I have to hide away. It&#039;s masking my issues but I want to fix them. I also get night sweats and have trouble waking up. Both started when I started taking Ven. I don&#039;t recommend these. Avoid SNRIs!"
"Temazapam is the only med that treats my insomnia. I have tried every non benzo on the market, and have been in numerous sleep studies. I sometimes go 3-4 days with the average sleep of those days being 1-2 hours total. I was prescribed 40mg temazapam and can get a solid 8 hours of sleep. I cycle it seven days at a time to reset my sleep cycles as needed."
"This is week 4 for me and I am wondering why I am continuing to take this medicine.  Yes it helps me loose weight but is not enough to keep my sugar levels down long.  Seams to wear off after a few days I have to take my other daily Lantus shot to keep my sugar levels down.  Also don&#039;t like the feeling when I combine the two, feel weak, fatigue, tingly   Looking for a new Endo Doc.  Do not feel this is the right solution for me.  I do not like the unknown side effects of trulicity.  I will take this until I find a new Doctor.  Motivating me to loose weight on my own, with proper eating and exercise.  I will be off this soon.. Lantis seems to do the job,  I don&#039;t understand why the Endo put me on this, other than wanted me as ginny pig?"
"20mg a day changed my life. 
Head pain due to stress and anxiety is gone when taking this tablet and also OCD in the form of dermatillomania (finger) completely better.
I had this for about 3 years and decided to stop, the weening off was very tough, I had a good month or two of hit sweats/shakiness and agitation. However I went completely back to normal for over 2 years after that. I have now restarted Fluoxetine/prozac due to having a very stressful year and struggling to get by day to day. 1st pill and I am mellow as a mellow thing once again, goodbye stresses!"
"It didn&#039;t work as fast as I thought it would. Very expensive! $3,600 Made me feel very sleepy and tired . I could sleep all day!"
"I just started taking this pill. I&#039;ve been on it for a week and take the brand name. I take it at night and I noticed the morning after taking my first pill I had a little spotting and some nausea but the nausea went away after about an hour. So far I like this pill a lot and it hasn&#039;t given me any really bad side effects. "
"I have been on Trinessa for almost a year and I would recommend this pill. It increased my breast size (a huge plus) without adding excess anywhere else. It is inexpensive, and I can plan for the exact time frame I will get my period. It is very regular. My sex drive has increased. The only negative thing is that I have become more emotional and over dramatic, but not necessarily with only bad emotions."
"I&#039;ve been on 2mg Klonopins for 5 years now and it works great for my mood swings caused from bipolar disorder and it also works great for my anxiety and paranoia. It relaxes you and works good for stress also Klonopin works really good for several different things."
"It was a miracle medicine for me, but it caused an extreme break of Pustular Psoriasis, and I had to discontinue the medicine. Apparently it is one of rare side effects of the drug."
"I just started my Accutane today. My biggest concern right now is that he prescribed me with 10mg a day. Which I think is a very low dosage considering my cystic acne and the inflammation I showed to him. And also I saw some other people got 40mg to kick start their accutane. I&#039;m wondering if anyone here had any experience with this low dosage of accutane before? Will it be effective?"
"I have been on Gianvi around three years. I had always had extremely painful periods with clotting that would last 7 days since puberty, and really did not know how abnormal what I was experiencing was. Suddenly, in my mid twenties, I started having two periods a month, then they would last almost two weeks at a time. I was either having horrible pms or bleeding 100% of the time. Originally, dr had me on Apri. After 6 weeks of nonstop bleeding, dr switched to Yaz, which switched to Gianvi a few months later. The bleeding stopped, and each period got lighter and less painful. However, it did take two years for my periods to actually fall on inactive pill days."
"I do like Lamictal as it kind of kept my seizures under control but the side effects on my body and the fact that I still had grand mal seizures more frequently than never I decided to try medical marijuana. I am very pleased to say the the high strains have kept my seizures away entirely."
"I&#039;m almost done with my first bottle of the 30 day supply and as others mentioned it literally almost feels as though you never had asthma. I haven&#039;t had the need to use any of my inhalers or steroids since I took montelukast, but I have noticed that my memory sometimes gets foggy and I have forgotten many things (I&#039;m 21 btw) shortly after taking this medication. I have not noticed any of the side effects that others have experienced so i have yet to find out if they will affect me later on.I decided to get one refill of the med and then come off of it once I&#039;m done since I normally hate depending on meds to live a normal life. I&#039;ll be back and explain any issues I experience in the next couple months."
"My Neuro prescribed Amitryptyline for anxiety, he said. Because he felt that anxiety was a contributing factor to my cluster headaches that never seem to stop. I have tremendous thirst with it. The only thing that seems to fix the thirst is 7up. So I drink a bottle or 2 a day. Too much sugar and now I get diarrhea---the worst kind---up to 5 or 6 times a day. But I noticed my headaches weren&#039;t appearing....until the weather changed and rain came. I have been down all day. Not in excruciating pain tho like usual. Cut my pills in half and the thirst issue is better. Less 7up. Still diarrhea though (today was 3x). Been on it (Ami) for 7 weeks. 3 doctors I have consulted have said diarrhea is not really a side effect of this med."
"Today was my first day trying the drug....I got a headache, stomach ache and 0 pain relief, darn it!  Was trying you get off Robaxin which works great except I am losing a lot of my hair from it.  Both of these drugs have a high percentage if you are over 60, darn it again!"
"Was prescribed this by my urologist to help with BPH after trying Flomax and hating the retrograde ejaculation.  He told me it would also help with my blood pressure that was slowly getting higher.  What a difference.  Very few night time trips to the toilet.  My B/P is perfect.  And I also noticed a nice side effect that isn&#039;t listed- it helps with my erectile dysfunction.  No priapisms, but I found that I could maintain an erection better than I had in years.  I prefer to take mine in the afternoon, so I have that effect in the evening, when it is most needed.  Not a substitute for my Viagra, but since I can only afford so many of them a month, it&#039;s nice to have any help with the issue.  With all of those benefits, you just can&#039;t go wrong"
"At least for my body, this pill was horrible. I read so many great reviews on having light cramps and moods are fine and no swelling but this pill has done complete opposite for me. My hands have shown signs of swelling lately, my moods are beyond horrible and scary, and my cramps have been bad. Looking to switch pills here soon."
"I started taking Klonopin recently, and I&#039;m mixing it with Vybriid and Lamictal. It helps so much. At night it takes the edge off. I take 0.5mg, sometimes 1mg to help me out more. I haven&#039;t had as bad of racing thoughts while I&#039;m trying to fall asleep and I end up sleeping like a baby. The after effects is a little bit of groggyness but it&#039;s worth it. The only thing that bothers me is that I feel like smoking cigarettes after I take it. Overall, it&#039;s great and stops the mania as well as depression."
"Really great.  The combo pill made me sick as a dog and my weight ballooned, but I feel amazing on this pill.  I had just started on a diet when I switched and I am still losing the same kind of weight as before the pill."
"I was supposed to take it 3x&#039;s a day, after two doses I began to experience severe side effects. My heart was racing, I couldn&#039;t sit still, I couldn&#039;t control my eyes. They were rolling around, I couldn&#039;t focus on anything. I only took two doses of the medication before I stopped, not even a full days worth. The side effects (inability to focus my eyes) remained for over a week after I stopped taking it."
"Very good but caused cystic acne!! Very horrible acne!!! I went 3 years but got it again..it works well other than acne. My period is pretty much normal. Sometimes I&#039;ve forgot I had the birth control!!"
"Took almost 3 months of this pill. First month went fine. Almost no side effects. felt less hungry during first month. 2nd month - felt nauseous at times, slight headaches. Bleeding was very light , lasted maybe 1 day or 2. 3rd month - started having stomach pains- and lower back spasms. Couldn&#039;t find other cause of spasms -  I had no injury etc. Until I found a rare side effect of this med could be spasm. Stopped taking pill midway of the 3rd month couple days ago...haven&#039;t felt a spasm since. Back to square one"
"I got my Skyla inserted 4 days ago, I was so nervous to go through with it after spending countless hours reading other people experiences. The doctor told me she would stop at any point if the pain became too much to handle. The whole procedure lasted maybe 5 minutes at most. I did not feel a single thing and actually had to question if she truly finished. I did not experience any cramps for the first 12 hours but once they kicked in they were no different than period cramps, a little ibuprofen here and there and everything was fine. Bleeding has ranged from light to barely even spotting but my period tends to last a week so it may just be from that. So far I am very happy with my decision to get it. DON&#039;T LET THE BAD EXPERIENCES WORRY YOU!"
"COPD, hospitalized. Acute breathing problem, 3 times. 
Last time, used with steroid and am now maintaining at 4 litres oxygen, 24hrs a day."
"I have been on Paxil for a long time, years.  I was hospitalized for my Bipolar Disorder and they increased the dose from 20-40mg.  I got very agitated and very out of sorts.  When I saw my psychiatrist she put the dose back to 20mg and I&#039;m doing good again.  More isn&#039;t always better!"
"I&#039;ve been on Fentanyl patches for over a year. Even at 100mcg, I&#039;m still in pain. I was on Dilaudid (Hydromorphone) for break through pain, but it did not help because I was tolerant to it. I currently take Opana (Oxymorphone) instead, which does help some. 

I do not believe my pain can ever be fully managed, since I am in severe pain in over 8 areas. They say they have me on the two strongest medications, so they can&#039;t do anything more. I&#039;ve been told to switch doctors since most of the people at the office quit, but I&#039;m afraid the next one will be worse. 

A problem with Fentanyl is on the 3rd day I went through withdrawal symptoms because the medicine only lasted 2 days for me. Another problem is the strong chemical smell when you sweat"
"Had an injection into my knee due to osteoarthritis.  I am scheduled for knee replacement but there is 1 year wait for surgery.  Before injection I could not sleep due to throbbing pain and after injection this is gone.  My overall pain is significantly reduced.  I had no adverse reaction to the drug."
"I was on 150 mg Zoloft for about 2 years. It worked fairly well at combating my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and depression however, it gave me horrible insomnia/nausea. I probably would&#039;ve given it a seven if it weren&#039;t for the side effects. They&#039;re just something that everyone who takes it should be aware of."
"I was given this prep when I tried to get a colonoscopy for the 2nd time. The first time I was prescribed moviprep and I kept throwing it up. It was terrible tasting and so much liquid to drink. Because I couldn&#039;t keep it down I had to reschedule the colonoscopy. Moviprep made me incredibly sick to my stomach.

My doctor gave me suprep in hopes that would work better and it certainly did. It does taste like cherry cough medicine but only is 16 oz to drink at a time. I read other reviews and mixed mine with half Gatorade frost and half water. Let&#039;s be real, no prep is going to taste decent. I would recommend just chugging it down. 

I had no nausea but it might have helped that I took a Dramamine about 45 minutes before each dose."
"Badly strained shoulder muscle; no relief after 4 days of ice &amp; Aleve.  Forked out the $$ to see my doc, &amp; he prescribed diclofenic sodium TBEC 75 mg. Overnight relief!  Second day, feels almost healed!!!  The only reason I didn&#039;t give it a 10 is because I have to eat a really good size meal to avoid nausea, &amp; of course I need to lose some weight. But otherwise, bless you,  Doc!!"
"This past Wednesday my right nostril was a little sore, figured I was a little overly aggressive with the allergy early morning blowing.  By Friday 3:30 am I woke up to stabbing pain all on the right side of my face!  Swollen and the tissue was HARD, nasal passage (where the infection started) was 3/4 closed!  Today is day 4, my face is pliable again, still a little stiff close to my right nostril, but my lips, cheeks and eyes feel great, nostril very slightly tender in comparison to Wednesday.  This Avelox works only problem I&#039;ve had is dry mouth (drinking plenty of water) and a little light headed/dizzy, but I&#039;m not driving so that&#039;s okay!"
"Restasis has been nothing short of a miracle for me!  My eyes hurt, were extremely dry, had bumps under my eyelids and terrible allergies and inflammation.  In the morning my eyelid would stick closed and I would have to open it slowly and add gel drops.  I was on 4 things a day for my eyes and they were not getting much better.  I run a humidifier because the dryness from running the heat in the winter seemed to make my eyes worse.  I could not wear my contact lenses as it was torture.  After being on Restasis for 3 weeks, I am 80% better.  I use Systane Ultra gel drops when I go to bed at night and my eyes are so much better in the mornings when I wake up.  I am now wearing my contact lenses again, but, not as long during the day as I used too.  Grateful!"
"I have been taking Flexeril 10mg in Combination with Celebrex 200mg. I take both PRN and they work great. I started in 2005 on both meds from a accident at work. Now I also have Fibromialgia , RA and Osteoarthritis. I continue to take flexeril at night and it works great for me. I use a heated mattress pad and flexeril to sleep comfortable and I wake up with less stiffness and not as sore."
"Started taking nortriptyline for chronic pain and noticed all my IBS with diarrhea symptoms were gone!! Bonus! It was so dibilatating and painful, I was miserable. Constant pain, bloating, cramping. This drug has saved my life! It also treated my chronic fatigue. For most people it makes them tired but for me it was the opposite. So very thankful. Three problems fixed with one medication! However, it has increased my heart rate and worsened my anxiety. And also squashed my sex drive. That sucks! But the benefits out weigh the negative."
"Been on Zovirax for 15 years.  It barely worked when I started using it for genital outbreaks, absolutely does not work now.  Three prescriptions of 800mg x 3 times per day has not slowed down or even put a dent in a 4 month long outbreak."
"I have taken regular Dramamine (dimenhydrinate) &amp; now Dramamine II (meclizine).  Both are great products.  I have no side effects except for slight dry mouth/nostrils, but this is a condition I am prone to without taking meclizine. "
"I have suffered with pain for many years and have tried almost everything. I started Opana in January of this year.  In February my platlet count dropped to 3,000 with an equally low white count. This happened again in May. I have also had many gastrointestinal problems. The doctors after many tests can only say that Opana looks like the cause."
"ParaGard works great for me! I&#039;ve had it for about 8 months now and no problems!! I would highly recommend for those of you who don&#039;t want to deal with annoying hormone treatments!"
"Definitely works but it did leave me with some acne that took awhile to heal and if I happened to miss a pill I would bleed for a few days until my body got back on track. I have been using it for about a year and just switched to monanessa in hopes of helping with my acne. All in all I did enjoy Chateal besides the spotting and mild mood swings."
"I suffer from chronic migraines and I have seen multiple neurologists and have tried numerous medications. Treximet was the first that actually got rid of my migraines. Within half an hour my migraine is gone. Treximet is expensive but for me it is well worth it."
"I normally take xanax to get off to sleep, but here lately I have been taking it in the day time as well, because I get panicky through the day now as well. Wish this anxiety would just go away and stay away. Have an appointment with a psychologist but I really don&#039;t think it is psychological."
"I have been prescribed Gabapentin for insomnia. For the last 2 years I have taken it nightly at bedtime 2000mg + 12.5 mg zolpidem ER + .25 mg of alprazolam.  I find the zolpidem + alprazolam put me to sleep and the gabapentin keep me there...... most of the time.  I feel as though I have forgotten how to &quot;fall&quot; asleep, but now knock myself out.  After taking this handful of pills nightly at 9 PM, I can be awake at 2 am or 4 am. It has been a lot of drugs for a long period of time.  Since the drugs &quot;labeled&quot; use is for nerve pain, which I didn&#039;t have, I worry that the neuroma in my foot that developed 15 months ago might be related.  Neuroma, foot injections, foot surgery .. Pain unresolved
How effective do you think it is?"
"This IUD doesn&#039;t work. My daughter is 8 weeks pregnant after having it put in over a year ago. The Dr&#039;s acting so surprised! In an attempt to remove the IUD the damn string broke off. No idea what the out come will be. But this has caused an extreme amount of stress for my daughter. The stats on the effectiveness of this IUD need to change."
"I became a bit suicidal on this drug. I&#039;m an upbeat person and couldn&#039;t understand why I felt so low. I had been given the drug without packaging and side effects. I would urge caution in taking this drug"
"I&#039;m a 32 year old male and have had symptoms of ADHD all my life, but chose not to treat it because the types of medications available seemed to &#039;take something away&#039; from my personality.  I finally reached a point that my wife begged me to do something, so I started with Strattera due to my doctor&#039;s recommendation.  I&#039;ve been on 40mg for 2 months now, and notice a major difference.  I now have a desire to get on the floor and play with the kids, whereas before it seemed tedious and boring.  I find that I&#039;m not as tired at the end of the day/week because my thoughts are not distracted, by all the &#039;noise&#039; that I seem to have from the ADHD.  I&#039;m still new to the drug, and things could change, but for now, I am really happy."
"Well had many changes or should I say increases in medication as I seem to only get 12 months benefit then medication becomes less and less effective. Regarding  quetiapine I was on 60mg a day. 9 months ago I started to become ill again. I became suicidal. so saw my psychiatrist. He  said the current thinking was 600 to 800 mg of quetiapine.  was the effective dose to take for bipolar. So now I am on 600mg every evening. I am back to being well and have been for many months  The only side is effect is relaxing of muscles, talking like a drunk.So to take it early evening,and go to bed  once I start feeling drowsy,"
"The first two times I ever got a cold sore I used over the counter Walgreens/CVS/Campho-phenique products and my cold sore lasted for 2 weeks. This most recent time, I noticed the red tingly bump on Saturday morning, rushed out to the store and decided to try Abreva.  I began application immediately and as directed.  By Saturday evening I was blistered. I kept using Abreva and was taking L-lysine vitamins every day. It is now day 5 and the blister is gone, already scabbed and fallen off, and now just a somewhat minor red area where the skin is still healing.  This combo of Abreva and L-lysine vitamins saved my life! Would definitely recommend Abreva and will use again if needed."
"I have ADD caused by major depressive disorder and stimulants have done wonders for me! However, Adderall makes me feel very anxious and panicky, and I don&#039;t like it at all. It lasts a long time and sometimes I can&#039;t sleep at night because of it. Overall, it&#039;s an alright choice. Might switch back to Vyvanse"
"Hospital changed me to bisoprolol due to intolerance of emconcor..I took 7mg and could not stay awake reduced this to 5mg. I had nose bleeds, bloating, sore eyes, so reduced to 2.5 mg, now got flatulence   gout all in 4 weeks. HOWEVER my heart rythem   blood pressure is at its best for many years"
"I have severe anxiety and panic attacks. I have been on Lexapro about 4 different times. I never learn my lesson.  After 6 months or so I think I am doing good enough to wean myself off and within 6 months I am back in the ER with a severe panic attack. I should just stay on it. This time around I started on 5mg and then bumped it to 10mg after 3 days. I am on day 2 of 10mg. I finally feel some relief. I have not left my house in a week- trapped due to panic attacks and today I was able to walks dogs and go to the store. Thank God there is something like Lexapro out there or else I would surely be in a mental institution."
"With liletta I have been bleeding for 3 month s I am so so tire of bleeding"
"Went to the doctor on a Monday with what I thought was sinuses acting up. They thought the same...by the next day I Had a bad cough and didn&rsquo;t even feel like moving any muscle. I stayed on the couch for 2 days with a fever ranging from 100-102! I finally forced myself to go see the doctor again on Wednesday and yup pneumonia. They gave me a rocephin shot in office and also a prescription for a z pack! Time I got home an hour later my fever had dropped to around 99 and 30 minutes later it was back to normal. Woke up the next day and thought man I could go to work (not very smart thinking on my end) I made it through work but it wore me out. The doctor had me come back Saturday for another rocephin shot and today I feel more back to normal."
"Took daily for 3 months.  Worked like a charm!  Tips 1) Hang a calendar in bathroom as a reminder to take pill. 2) Buy a multipack of cheap nail files.  File the top nail surface as low as you can get it.  Repeat often with new file 3) Keep them trimmed as short as you can.  Clean clippers with alcohol between uses. 4) Use a secondary treatment for nail surface. I tried a liquid that you brush on, cream, or use coconut oil/tea tree mixture 2x day.  5) Soak feet 2x month in vinegar/listerine to remove dead skin &amp; kill fungus.  Using this method, my nails have no sign of fungus 1 year later.  No more pain or itch.  I continue the coconut/tea tree daily and soaks 2x month."
"Sucked. Didn&#039;t do anything for me."
"As soon as I smelled the Moviprep and took the first drink, it reminded me of Lemon Pledge furniture polish.  It has a strong taste and seems to get stronger with each gulp.  

I started at 5pm and by the 2nd 8oz dose it had started working. Stay very close to the toilet.

Started the second phase at 8am the next day and had a very difficult time drinking it.  I almost vomited a few times.  I could not finish the last 6 oz&#039;s. I just couldn&#039;t.  I did use apple juice to help &amp; I took a sip of juice then gulp the mix then another drink of juice and it helped get it down. 

When you are finally going clear yellow fluid, you are clean according to my doc. That happened at the end of the 3rd dose in the morning.  It worked perfectly for the test."
"I began taking phentermine three days ago. The only side effect I have experienced has been dry mouth. Biotene mouthwash and mouth spray have helped along with lots of water. My appetite is suppressed greatly, which is wonderful. My biggest issue has been snacking late at night. My nights have not been filled with thoughts of restaurants and gourmet meals. I&#039;m not much of a sweets eater; I love good cooking. I didn&#039;t even crave anything for the past couple of nights. It&#039;s been two days, and I&#039;m down three pounds already. I weighed in at Weight Watchers today, and I&#039;m exactly 270 today. I&#039;ll update in a week. Feeling excited!"
"5 days after starting on Mirtazipine I felt as if my brain had shrunk in my skull and was surrounded in an ice cold fog and felt like I was in a black &amp; white horror film. The doctor didn&#039;t believe me when I reported this and said I would not notice a change for 14 days and to expect to feel worse before I felt better, so I took them for 2 &amp; 1/2 months in which I plummeted into the worst mental &amp; physical state . I stopped taking them after I began to see &#039;ghosts&#039; and put on a short course of Quetiapine."
"I&#039;ve been on this for three months now and the noticed that I&#039;ve gained about 10 pounds but some of it went to my chest (which I&#039;m not complaining about considering I&#039;m an A cup). I didn&#039;t have any spotting like I&#039;ve had with previous pills. My periods are shorter and a lot less painful. Overall I love this pill despite the little water weight gain."
"I don&#039;t take this on a regular basis because it knocks me out and I quickly build a tolerance.  I do take it once a regular headache passes that point of no return. While I&#039;m quite anti-prescription medicines I would die without this (or have outrageous ER bills).  I average 6 serious (vomiting, neck cramps, loss of coherence, etc.) migraines a month. I take this as soon as I start getting my typical symptoms of a bad one and it knocks me for an hour or 2. I wake up and feel great. A little groggy for the next hour or 2, but what a fair trade.  Beats sitting in an ER for 4 hours waiting for the magic shot."
"I used Lacriserts for years and found them to be the best solution for dry eyes.  Then they went off the market in early spring and couldn&#039;t find them anywhere.  When they became available again I could only wear them for 3-4 hours a day without irritation.  I am wondering if the formulation changed when they were unavailable."
"I had chronic sinusitis and had balloon sinuplasty surgery to correct the problem. I had lost nasal drip which led to bronchitis which triggered asthma attacks. I could hardly breath until I took the azythromycin. Within a couple hours my airways were opening up and I was able to breath again. On my second day now and things just keep getting better. This medicine is taking out whatever bacteria is in my lungs. It was a real life saver for me."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon for about 5 months now, and it is been extremely effective so far. As far as the effectiveness, I would recommend it to anyone. But as the other comments have said, side effects are different for everyone. When it was first inserted, I had the worst period of my life for about two weeks with extreme bleeding and blood clots. I haven&#039;t had a period since then, but I have had spotting almost every day, which is extremely irritating. My main concern is not the current side effects, but the effects after removal. "
"My PCP gave me a trial and an RX for Saxenda. I went to fill the script, but, unfortunately, my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it. I can&#039;t pay $800 a month even with the coupon. However, I am using the trial, and absolutely love Saxenda. I have had no side effects, it really helps me with hunger,  helps with cravings , overall, helps me to eat less. I am so sad I cannot continue with this medication for my weight loss, but I definitely recommend this product."
"I have been taking Nature-throid for more than a year now and find it simply outstanding.  I have had no allergic reaction, that I am aware of, as I had with Armour brand and synthetic thyroid (a rash).  My blood test results have been quite stable.  I have been able to stay on the same dose, 32.5MG, and now enjoy the peace of mind of simply taking the pill (which I crush with my teeth and allow to dissolve sublingually) and get on with my life.  I should note that over the past several years I have made significant changes such as eliminating dairy, egg, and gluten from my diet, which I feel has greatly complemented any pharmaceutical benefit.  An outstanding medication, Nature-throid has helped me restore vitality to my life."
"This is my second week on the medication and I would say it works. I have been smoking for the past 12 years now and tried all the gums, patches, e-cigarettes and even tried hypnotherapy at some point in time but honestly I always end up finding myself lighting another one. But Chantix works. I do not feel like smoking; although smoking has become like an unconditional part of me; but I am trying to avoid the places or events that would trigger the urges."
"Sleeplessness"
"Having Opiate induced constipation and on methadone, bowel movements are a commodity and a gift. On my fourth day of no-pooping I began to panicky and read about MC.
Went to the pharmacy picked up the lemon lime flavour brand of Citrodan. 
I actually drank half the bottle on the way home and within 45 minutes I was on the toilet excreting the most foul smelling bowel movement I have ever had.
The next few hours were a bit uncomfortable ; gas, gurgling, running to the toilet and some cramping.
This stuff does what it is supposed to do with fervour and dedication.  Be prepared and stay in.  It&#039;s best to do it in the morning so you have all day to expel.  Drink lots of water throughout the day and wash .  It does smell bad coming out."
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for a few years now (on various doses) alongside clonazepam (0.5mg twice/day) and I have to say its been the worst experience of my life. I was put on it after Effexor XR basically stopped working after 4 yrs.At first cymbalta seemed to &quot;take the edge off&quot;. I didnt notice many of the initial side effects because of my severe withdrawal from Effexor.But after about 9 months at 30mg Cymbalta just stopped working and actually started to make me experience anxiety and panic attacks that were insanely intense. I have moved up to 60mg and back down to 30, upped my clonazepam and its just gotten worse and worse. Weight gain (50lbs), severe panic attacks, gad, severe depression, ocd, stomachache, IBS, headache, ..."
"I have been using this medication for my complex tension headaches for 2 years now. I have a condition that causes chronic muscle spasms/trigger points in my upper back, shoulders, and neck. In turn the spasms start a chain reaction which results in severe headaches. This is the only medication that has successfully relieved my pain, and it does it without any adverse effects, and very quickly. 2 capsules, either at the same time or within an hour of each other, and the pain is on its way and I am able to move and turn my head again."
"I started in July. I was eating healthy but wasn&#039;t working out. The one week I started working out I lost 8pounds and no I don&#039;t take them every day. But working out is a plus. My goal is 175lbs, I am 240lbs, after a baby."
"Just started this medication 2 days ago - 150mg pill daily for the first week and then it will be 2 pills daily after the first week. I took the 1st pill in the evening and it gave me a serious energy jolt, lifted my mood and I also stayed awake until 2am. I couldn&#039;t get myself to sleep plus I was jittery all night. My sleep was not that great and woke up very tired. The jittery feeling subsided in the morning, so I decided to take pill 2 in the afternoon. This was much better, just little drowsy. My mood is currently calm and content. 

I took Zoloft several years ago and while on that medication, I was ready to kill somebody. I stopped it immediately. 

Hubby says I don&#039;t nag and yell at him as much, so I am glad for my happy pill! ;)"
"so I took this pill July 24th of this year and I was worried. I took it within 12 hours of intercourse and did everything right. I was supposed to get my next period August 15th and it never happened. I was extremely worried and stressing out. The side effects do say that it will be late or early. After a week of a missed period I took pregnancy tests. They came back negative but that didn&#039;t satisfy me. I read through the reviews and it calmed my nerves. Today I got my period. September first. Don&#039;t worry ladies. Plan B will work!"
"I am taking this medicine right now and it has already began to work 3 days In. But I have been having severe headaches for the past 2 days and I&#039;m always sleepy. Otherwise I love the medicine."
"I was previously on gildess fe 1/20, I was told it was no longer available so the pharmacy switched me to Blisovi fe 1/20. I&#039;ve been on it for about three months and I have gained about 20 pounds. I&#039;m almost always moody, and bloated. Before taking this medication I weighed about 136, I now weigh 160lbs. My doctor tried to tell me that there&#039;s no possible way its because of the birth control, but I know for a fact that it is."
"I got a UTI maybe a couple days after my cycle ended and was trying to do home remedies, but my boss told me it&#039;s better to get antibiotics so I don&#039;t end up in the ER. I am on my third day of Macrobid and the only thing it really does is make me feel better, aside from using my energy to help me get better. So I really only feel fatigue, but I drink lots of water or things with Vitamin C, to help as well, and I take the capsule with bread. Other than the fatigue, it&#039;s dealing with my UTI so I can&#039;t complain."
"I had the Mirena in place for a little over three years. I LOVED it. I did not experience any of the severe cramping or pain after getting it placed, due to the fact I had mine placed after a procedure. (I already experienced discomfort due to this procedure). My period stopped almost instantly (no period for 3years, can&#039;t complain). The hormones Mirena released also helped speed up metabolism, I lost close to 30 lbs. My only reasoning for getting mine removed is because of the reoccurring Bacterial Infections. What most people are not told is that the Mirena is for MONOGOMOUS couples, apparently I was the only one in my relationship monogamous. Only finding this out after my removal."
"I was prescribed a 250mg Z-Pak for bronchitis/upper respiratory infection (which I&#039;m sure was viral, but whatever). I experienced horrible diarrhea starting on day 2. After 4 pills, I gave up and called my doc, who told me to discontinue use. Guess I&#039;ll add this to my list of allergies."
"I am taking 10 mg for 3 weeks now. After the first week I&#039;ve started to feel a little bit better side effects dry mouth, I was not eating that much which is good because I am over weight but after the 3 week started to feel again depressed so it means that so far is not helping me, I went to the doctor today. I will increase starting tomorrow 15 mg and lets see how it goes...I will keep you posted."
"20 year old male.  After failing 2 of my college classes in one semester, decided it was time to do something about my increasing depression.  Doctor started me on Zoloft.  Took about 4 weeks to start to notice the effects.  Occasional shakes.  Memory loss was frequent.  Immediately noticed a decrease in sex drive and wasn&#039;t a problem until I started dating again and couldn&#039;t get it up the first time I got with my current girlfriend.  Luckily she is understanding.  My doctor is switching me to Wellbutrin.  If it wasn&#039;t for the decreased sex drive I probably would have stayed on it."
"I was diagnosed with BiPolar Disorder 1 about 8 months ago. My doctor put me on Seroquel 100mg. I do have to take it at night due to the drowsiness it causes. It has made a dramatic change in the racing thoughts and negative self-image I felt. I&#039;ve also had a marked change in my insomnia. I was misdiagnosed for a number of years, and couldn&#039;t understand why the other meds didn&#039;t make a difference. I wake up feeling rested. I did have some vivid dreams when I first began taking it. I also get the munchies, but they have subsided considerably in the last month or two, and have dropped almost 20 pounds. This is magical as far as I&#039;m concerned! As well as the Seroquel, I also take 20 mg of Lexapro and 600 mg of Neurontin every night. Thanks!!"
"I have NEVER had any trouble with antibiotics before.  I took Spectracef 400mg 2 x a day for 10 days. I now have oral thrush, and am itching in private place.  My whole mouth is sore especially my tongue.  "
"I&#039;ve been talking zyprexa for about for about 2 weeks now. Family says they can tell a big difference. Mornings are a little hard to get motivated, but I also take Ritalin for add. So that helps me get going. Falling asleep easily and staying asleep. No more racing thoughts or depression. My anxiety is more under control. It does give me craving for food, but I have controlled it so far. I take 5 mg daily.so far so good."
"I have used Copaxone off and on for about 5 years.  I don&#039;t like the injection sight reactions but they are small compared to some of the other treatments I have used.  I was on Tysabri and it was great.  I felt normal as before MS for about 2 weeks every month and 2 weeks waiting for the next infusion.  Due to Liver problems my Doctor recommended I go back on Copaxone but with injections every other day.  I have done this for 2 years and no relapse."
"Ambien has been hit or miss for me. When it works it&#039;s bliss! 2 out of 3 days it doesn&#039;t work well. The CR is supposed to help me stay asleep but at best I get 4-6 hours of sleep. It&#039;s not the greatest sleep - I fall off and wake up frequently without feeling I&#039;ve slept, but it&#039;s better than staring at the ceiling till dawn. It&#039;s expensive!"
"I am in week 5 with Contrave and am down 12 pounds.  My appetite is suppressed almost completely, and certain foods I routinely ate no longer appeal to me. I had problems with nausea the first two weeks, and a lot of agitation during the third week but the side effects have just about disappeared at this point.  It was worth fighting through them.  While I am still at the beginning of this journey, I am already enjoying the scale and the non-scale wins.  I have complained about my weight for years but never hung in there to do much about it so I now feel empowered and motivated to make this work for me.  Thanks to everyone who shares because I find their experiences helpful on my own journey!"
"Took the one-dose pill 12 hours after unprotected sex. No immediate side effects. 5 days later I got a very heavy, crampy period 13 days before my scheduled period. Didn&#039;t enjoy having this period a week after my scheduled period first ended, but the pill was effective and I&#039;d use it again if I had to."
"I started having panic attacks when I was 20. The docs put me on zoloft and it helped me tremendously. Not only that, I stopped being the shy person that I had been prior to that. However I stopped taking it after a year because I figured I had been cured. I spent years after that without any anxiety until I had a severe bout of OCD at the age of 27 which was threatening to really destroy my life. I resisted taking medication for 2 years which was such a stupid idea. I don&#039;t know why I chose to suffer even though I knew zoloft would help me again. Anyhow, I went back on zoloft and poof! problem solved. But then I quit again and now after many years that I tried going back on it its not working as much. I wish I had stayed on it :("
"I got my Implanon inserted July of 2010 and now its August of 2011. I had no problems with it, no period at all until 2 days ago. I do get some mood swings and a loss of sex drive. But all in all I have had a great experience with it. I have not gotten pregnant on it, didn&#039;t have a period for a year. I would recommend this form of birth control to anyone."
"I have spinal stenosis and take Vicodin 7.5/500 6-8 times a day it has taken the pain away. No side effects. Doctor says it will make me sleepy but I find is it keeps me awake. Been on it for 3 years and it&#039;s the only thing that lets me live a pain free day."
"Stay away from this medicine I got my first shot on November 11 after a week I start bleeding and I still bleed badly  I. hate this medicine"
"So today is day 4 on phentermine. Starting out I cut out all processed foods and high carb foods and soda. I am only drinking water. I&#039;ve also been trying to stay active and have been on two 2 mile walks along with my regular moving around over the past few days. I have lost 6lbs!!!!
SW:232LBS
GW: 140LBS
CW: 226LBS

It&#039;s probably mainly water weight. But still nice to see a decrease on the scale. :)"
"Extremely effective birth control that makes me feel confident and safe as a single young woman. My friends have had pregnancy scares while taking the pill so it is nice that Mirena removes all that fear since I don&#039;t risk pregnancy by forgetting to take a pill. However, the insertion was excruciating and an absolutely horrible experience. I don&#039;t regret it though because it has completely stopped my menstruation saving me so much money on period products."
"Works almost immediately. Gets rid of chest tightness, anger, emotional rollercoaster. Just doesn&#039;t last a full 8 hours."
"I used this for endometriosis and birth control. Nexplanon works great for pregnancy prevention, and while I was breastfeeding I had no issues. Once I stopped, it became useless for me. I had it put it to help with my endometriosis pain, and it hasn&#039;t done a thing. "
"I am 13 years old and was diagnosed when I was in kindergarten. I started taking medicine when I was in 1st grade. I started to use Daytrana when I was in 4th grade. Only my close friends and family knew I had ADHD. I was so embarrassed and was made fun of all the time. I was on 15mg but for the past couple of months I switched to 10mg. It works great and I recommend it to others. The patch you just stick on your hip and take it off after 9 hours. Sometimes I forget to take it off and can&#039;t sleep at all and if I don&#039;t take it I will bounce off the walls and I will eat so much that I either throw up or be very sick. When I do take it I feel like a normal person. It is hard to get the backing off sometimes but if you are careful it comes off."
"Been on 1 mg for two weeks. Depression has lifted quickly. No weight gain as of yet. Had headaches for the first three days. Overall a promising start"
"I tried EVERYTHING to get over what was first diagnosed as depression (30 years ago).  About 12 years ago I started seeing a psychiatrist who thought I might be bipolar, type 2 (mostly depressive, no full-blown manic state) and started me on Emsam.  It took some time-can&#039;t really remember but maybe a month but it works.  Yes, there are side effects-insomnia being the worst but that dissipated in a few months.  We all know that what works for one person may not for another but this is not an SSRI which can&#039;t &quot;touch&quot; depression associated with bipolar.  And you don&#039;t have to be bipolar for it to work.  I know it&#039;s frustrating but give it a shot-maybe you&#039;ll be like me and never have to try another medicine again!"
"First couple of months I had a longer then usual period. After about 2 months in it completely stopped although I had light craps and mood swings through out the first couple of months no weight gain. Perks of having the implant, not having to worry about missed pills (although I was never good at taking pill form birth control) No shot and yet still having periods ! All around the implants been good to me. Would highly recommend it to anyone with an irregular period!!!   Haha good luck ladies!"
"I had a toothache that was so painful it brought me to my knees and into tears. I also have a great tolerance to pain. This is the only thing that helped until I went to the dentist. Overall I am very happy with the results of this medication."
"I was given Ketamine along with propofol to induce anaesthesia for a recent operation and never again. I experienced acute dysphoria and felt like I was going to die. Never again, this drug is bad news.
I&#039;ve now had 35 major surgeries and this was the first time ketamine was used.
Also had very low BP on waking.
It seems to be the new in-thing drug. No idea why all of a sudden it&#039;s become popular?"
"I LOVED this birth control when I first started it. I was switched from Levora hoping that it would help my endometriosis - that time of the month is very painful for me. This pill worked WONDERFULLY for that. I had minor cramps for two days or so, max. No other side effects too. It made my periods shorter and lighter, and I could easily tell when I was going to start my period and stop it. After a few months the timing went WAY off. My period would come WAY too early, then I&#039;d just be spotting on my placebo pills. It became very unpredictable. It&#039;s also pretty expensive as there is no generic. For those reasons I&#039;m now taking Apri. I would recommend this pill though, especially if you have endometriosis."
"This medication has given me my life back!  I had crippling anxiety.  I never could sleep more than 2-4 hrs a night, was constantly fearful, and had daily panic attacks.  My anxious thoughts had become so obsessive, I couldn&#039;t even function.  Within a week of starting Lexapro, my irrational fears and obsessive thoughts started to decrease significantly, and after about a month, I was starting to feel &quot;normal&quot; again.  I have been on it for about 5 months now and I finally feel balanced (and haven&#039;t had a single panic attack).  Only complaints are that it makes me fairly sleepy often and sometimes I have weird dreams.  But the benefits FAR outweigh the side effects."
"I have arthritis in my knee. This works for Pain, but under no circumstances go out in the sun while using it.  Sun intensifies medication and feels like you have been stung by a jelly fish.  If exposed by sun, ice immediately and wash off."
"This medicine has helped me far better than any of the other concoctions, and doesn&#039;t have as much of the weight gain problem. I am on 400 mg. My insurance hates that I take it and charges me $133 for it...and it&#039;s worth every penny. It stops many urges that come along with mania, but it does flatten you out--those of you that are bipolar know what I&#039;m talking about. This medicine helps me get into actual REM sleep and there are no nightmares; and it keeps me calm all day long. I love it."
"Started Harvoni 1/1/15 finished 3/24/15, no side effects!  What a great product!  Thank you FDA for approval"
"I have been using Panlor SS since it came on the market, needing no more mgs years later than I did at inception, and have been pleased with an almost total abatement of migraine pain and suffering.  For all of my life I have suffered with migraine pain and tried many medications with a laundry list of awful side effects.  Panlor SS gave me my life back and I am horrified that this medication is off the market."
"I had no idea my physician prescribed this to me for migraines. I was initially prescribed this for hypertension. I also have migraines, but since taking this, my headaches have decreased dramatically. I rarely have a migraine any more. It&#039;s been a blessing! I love this medication. It&#039;s worked wonders for my quality of life."
"Personally, I love this birth control method and I even have recommended Implanon to several of my friends. Insertion didn&#039;t hurt much, although, I do have a very high pain tolerance. The days following insertion were the worst, pain-wise, but it wasn&#039;t unbearable. I did experience nausea and dizziness in the first couple weeks as my body adjusted to the hormones. I&#039;ve actually lost weight, and I haven&#039;t had a period or even a single pimple since insertion. The only serious side effects were emotional lability (probably the most concerning), rapid mood swings and some slight depression but honestly? Worth it. It&#039;s a hassle-free birth control method and I absolutely love the peace of mind it gives me."
"I suffer from PTSD, in which I hear voices (psychotic symptoms due to PTSD, not schizophrenic). Been on this drug 6 months now. The risperidone doesn&#039;t completely get rid of the voices, but it significantly decreases them. I feel much calmer on this medication then I am without it. I don&#039;t recall any major side effects, nothing has bothered me enough to even notice it. A plus is also that it makes me sleepy for the first 12 hours or so, so it counteracts the Wellbutrin, which tends to keep me up at night and helps me get a good night&#039;s sleep. 

I did go off of it for a little while, and the withdrawal was very minimal. I had some increase in anxiety for about 4 days (I worried excessively about things I normally wouldn&#039;t worry about)."
"had tried claritin-d, and others prior to finding Zyrtec-D.  I have now used it for a number of years, and find it difficult to breath without it.  Works very well for me, while nothing else that I could find has."
"Hi ladies!  So let me just preface by saying take a deep breath.  That was exactly what I needed to do when I visited this page almost 3 months ago, frantically searching for testimonials and reassurance this product would keep me from becoming a mom before I was ready. In my scenario, I was at a party, drank too much and was sexually taken advantage of by some unfortunate human being. Because I was so out of it, I couldn&#039;t remember if he used a condom/wore it the whole time, so I researched and found out about Plan B. I bought and took it 40 hours later, and after 3 days, I began having major cramps, got my period (2 weeks early), and was/am not pregnant. Relax and try to stay stress free; the chances of it working are in your favor!"
"RUN THE OTHER WAY! 

I started on Gildess because the mail order pharmacy chose it as a substitute to my normal brand. I&#039;ve been on it for 2 months and I&#039;m up 9 pounds so far despite doing the 21 day fix over the past month. Called my gyno and she asked me to come in immediately. Rapid weight gain like that is apparently not good.

Other unpleasant side effects seem to be alternating between rage and depression, acne on my face, neck and chest (oh baby!) zero libido, long, heavy periods with a decent amount of cramping and migraines. 

Having another kid wouldn&#039;t be as bad as another month on this pill."
"I have been using differin for the last five months and have seen no difference"
"6 months on forteo, kypoplasty every 6 weeks for 5 months, male 58 yrs old, only side effect stomach grew from 32 inch waist to 36 inch waist and climbing, back vertebrae breaks slowing down so forteo doing its job successfully!"
"This drug gave me my life back, seriously. I suffered a minor heart attack a couple of months ago, caused by a blocked artery. After taking a month off I was feeling fine. However, once I went back to work I would experience severe attacks where I had severe shortness of breath and dizziness. I also had similar attacks while driving. I ended up on the ER 3 times in 3 weeks because I thought I was having another attack. Turns out the severity of the panic/anxiety attacks was the root cause. I take one 1mg a day (2nd 1mg ONLY if necessary) and my life is back to normal."
"I am a 72 year old female, diagnosed with RA 6 years ago.  I took Plaquenil (200x2) from 2012-2016, along with Prednisone to start.  Due to the fact, I could not use my hands because of the swelling, I risked the possible vision problems.  By 2012, symptom free and still fearful of vision loss, I stopped the drug.
   I was pain and symptom free for one year, but now symptoms have returned, and I have been told to restart the drug(no prednisone.)  In the 4 years taking it, I went from 95 lbs. to 85 lbs., lost a significant amount of  hair, had cataract surgery and, now, macular degeneration.  The decision to restart is extremely emotionally stressful, weighing the benefits against the risk. (Dr. says neither eye problem was caused by the drug"
"I&#039;ve been on it for a year and have spotted every single day for a year now. I have friends who have it and they love it and don&#039;t bleed at all, I think it just effects everyone differently. I though it was worth the chance and I wish I  never got it. I wouldn&#039;t take the chance because it&#039;s miserable. The amount of money I&#039;ve had to spend in feminine products this year is insane."
"I have just requested to go back on Lexapro. I took it for several years and it worked wonders for my depression and anxiety. In 2005, I made the switch to Cymbalta due to my diagnosis of Fibromyalgia. Although Cymbalta seems to have helped with the pain, I have been so depressed and anxious. Not to mention my out of pocket costs for Cymbalta. I welcome Lexapro back into my life!"
"Im glad I didn&#039;t look up reviews 5 years ago when I started taking this. I&#039;ve never had a negative side effect, and definitely never had a baby, so I&#039;d say this little pill is my best friend. Understand that the majority of people that leave reviews are the ones with negative experiences. I totally get that, but I&#039;m leaving a review to say that I&#039;ve never had a problem..other than occasional spotting..until now. Cvs no longer carries Gildess and is switching me take Blisovi fe. I&#039;m leaving this review as a goodbye to the best birth control I could&#039;ve asked for. I really really hope this new brand is the same."
"changed my life. I used to have horrible skin and honestly people always compliment me about how flawless I am. A little makeup helps too though."
"I am the wife of a man currently taking Eligard. I have to say it has worked to keep the prostate cancer from spreading. Which is absolutely wonderful. However it has caused a lot of other problems which has effected both of us. He has absolutely no sexual desire, he has developed which appears to be breast, his penis has become inverted and his testicles have decreased in size. His muscle mass has decreased as well and the weight gain is mostly in his belly. I can only hope that he will regain his man hood if and when he is taken off this medication."
"The first day I noticed an improvement. I am 2 days/ 3 pills now and all I have a little tinge when I pee. The urge to pee went away the first dose at the ER after 1 hour. I feel so much better already and no side effects I can tell. I would take this medicine again if I needed it."
"After a full hysterectomy in 2000 with both ovaries removed, I was given Premarin straight after surgery. 
My Dr now refuses to continue the treatment, and her colleagues will not prescribe as I am her patient. 
Now 3 months without and horrendous problems with lack of energy, emotional outbursts, hot flushes and vaginal skin tearing. 
Dr. still refuses because of cancer risk. I thought that would be MY choice: for better quality of life. 
What to do? Flew to Malaysia and bought OTC. 
Life getting back to normal now. 
Only side effect may be the slight bloating, but I&#039;m careful what I eat and drink to reduce this."
"I&#039;ve been on Topamax for probably at least 15 years, 400 mg daily. I&#039;m get debilating migraines. After reading these reviews I guess I am one of the lucky ones as I have not received one side effect. I take it at night. If the migrane is really bad I add one pill of Relpax and that does the job."
"It worked extremely well for me. It lowers my blood sugar level fast. My doctor changed me to Janumet and Starlix and they are not doing the job. I am going to request that I return to Glucotrol."
"I am a 25 year old woman and started taking this 6 days ago along with clonazepam for anxiety. 300 mg of Bupropion once a day (mornings) and clonazepam twice a day (once in the morning and once in the evening). I have to say that...so far THIS ROCKS. I was suffering from depression, obsessive thoughts, anxiety and panic attacks for months. I stopped taking Zoloft after a year because I gained 60 lbs on it. Now with Wellbutrin, I have no side effects except loss of appetite and more energy. I feel more energetic, happy (almost &quot;giddy&quot;) and hopeful for the future. My anxiety and depression was debilitating and this saved my life. I can&#039;t wait till the full effects kick in. 6 days in and I feel the difference."
"Have been taking Adipex for almost 2 weeks.  The first week I did notice an energy surge, but now I&#039;m back to my normal levels. I have no appetite in the morning, a bit of an appetite for lunch, and have to watch what I eat for dinner.  I vigorously exercise for 60 minutes 5 times a week.  I have lost 10 lbs so far.  I am glad for the help with the appetite, but am always contemplating the pros and cons."
"I&#039;m on 0.5mg 3 times a day. I feel great. I&#039;m happy, calm, and back to my old self again, without anxiety flare ups.
I love this medicine, and would recommend it to anyone. Personally I think this is the best benzodiazepine, take it with caution though, but if you truly need it like I do, then find a doctor willing to prescribe it. Good luck."
"Be careful. My experience put me in the emergency room BUT my friend takes it and has had a fantastic experience. every person can have a different reaction, know the risks and definitely do a lot of research."
"Was taking many medications for a condition which caused a lot of weight gain. After weaning off, dr. put me on low cal, low carb diet with a prescription diet aid that worked but scary. I continued ti lose after stopping rx diet pill but then plateaud for a long time and started gaining slowly. Chose Alli to help things start moving along. So far I&#039;m pleased. Psychologicaly, it helps motivate me since I spent money on an FDA approved diet pill. It helps so I can eat meals a little higher in cal than original diet which makes it more sustainable. In 3 days I&#039;ve lost 3 of the 4lbs I gained back. I exercise almosr daily- for years. Try to make healthy choices and not eat late. Take with lunch and dinner where my fat and calories are a more"
"I have been taking Victoza for about 7 months now.  I have lost almost 50lbs and I feel great.  I had gastric bypass 10 years ago, lost almost 100lbs and regained it due to a medical issue.  I have taken and participated in countless other weight loss products/programs and have found that Victoza as produced about the same amount of weight loss as with having the gastric bypass.  The side effects were minimal, nausea for the first two months sporadically, but I took it with a grain of salt, realizing that it will pass.  Again, I&#039;d Say Yes to trying Victoza all while under the care of a physician."
"1st colonoscopy I took the prep at 6 and it is 930 and so far nothing.   Light cramping and some rumbles, nothing more.  Concerned since most others had quick results and done with night before prep by now.  Was hoping to sleep tonight but not betting on it."
"In case folks weren&#039;t aware, &quot;KAPIDEX&quot; is now called &quot;DEXILANT&quot;. I have had Acid Reflux/GERD for about five years. Protonix was the first medicine tried. I don&#039;t think it did much. Nexium worked very well. Doctor thought Dexilant would work better since it gives two releases of medication. I have used it for over a year with switching back to Nexium a couple of times. I will say that Dexilant seems to work about the same as Nexium. Recently I stopped taking any medication for about 4 days. That was a mistake. I felt fine for about three days. On the fourth, the painful heartburn came back with a vengeance."
"I had an awesome erection, however, Sexual Desire has decreased even more since I haven&#039;t taken it.  I&#039;m irritable and feeling like I&#039;m going crazy."
"My experience with Lolo was fairly good overall, with the exception of one main issue. I did not experience any weight gain or irregular break outs, and maintained the same sex drive. My skin was relatively clear, my cramps almost completely disappeared (they were very severe before) and my period lasted 3-4 days. I&#039;m changing to a different pill only because I have started getting my period twice a month. My period will sometimes come halfway through the month then again while taking the placebo pills. Other times it comes halfway through one month, then doesn&#039;t come again until the end of the next month. I&#039;ve enjoyed the lack of unpleasant symptoms, but irregularity is a huge pain."
"Well I took Ducolax without reading the packaging, I thought it was a quick fix you know, take it and instant relief but I&#039;m an idiot. I ate dairy (cheese with my pasta) and had Lemon in my water. So I&#039;m going to be in pain. I haven&#039;t done the #2 in a few days and I have lower back abdominal pain and I feel bloated, so I figured it&#039;s the weekend and I have a few hours to spare before I go out (about 2hr) so I just canceled my plans. But READ THE GODDAMN PACKAGING. I am dying over the comments though, so funny lol."
"I am 18 and I have been using the shot for 8 months. If you do not want to get pregnant, this IS the shot for you! I had a period with the first injection but ever since then I haven&#039;t and I love that. It is great because it isn&#039;t that painful when receiving the shot, and it is awesome not worrying about it for 3 months. The problems I have with the Depo shot is weight gain. I am 5&#039;10 and was 126 pounds, so I thought I wouldn&#039;t gain weight, and I was very wrong. I now weight 150! I also am very moody and sometimes feel depressed. Next month I will be changing to the patch because early aged osteoporosis runs in my family."
"Been on medication for hbp for 7 months (also taking Bystolic). Had a reaction of angioedema where my face swelled and then a few days later got hives on my arms and legs. ER doctor explained it&#039;s technically NOT an allergic reaction (i.e. not histamine related) so benadryl will not help with the swelling. Given predisone and also taking tylenol. He told me the drug can be taken for decades without any adverse reaction, and then one day, you suddenly get swelling. Having a reaction rules out using any of the ACE inhibitor drugs. Too bad - it was working really well for me. On Cardizem now."
"So I have been on the BuTrans patch 10microgram/hour for the last 5 months I took anti sickness tablets so I had no sick feeling or any side effects at all.  It has been a godsend this patch I&#039;m in no pain  I noticed in 4 days...I&#039;m from Ireland I fell and fractured my back in 5 places I was in severe pain with my back and spasms which left me sleeping in a chair for 3 months. Since I came on the patch I&#039;m back in my bed so this patch is the best ever in my opinion anyways hope this helps some one I&#039;m a 25 year old girl from Ireland "
"Standing at 5&#039;3&quot; I weighed in at 228lbs Monday Sept 14th, started phentermine Tuesday mornin Sept 15th, within 20 minutes I felt a rush come over me, my heart was racing, I was sweating, numbing feeling in my arms, as well as, I felt that I couldn&#039;t get the right words out, almost tongue tied. Then about 6-8 hours later at dinner, I kept feeling like I was moving in slow motion. Side effects, the verge of a headache, not one, but could be triggered at any moment, dry mouth, and insomnia. I can usually only get 4-5 hours sleep tops. Which is extremely difficult with a 2 year old. But I have already lost 3lbs, I am keeping to a 1500 cal diet. No exercising yet due to heart rate being elevated at simple movements! Will start next week! I&#039;ll keep posting"
"Wonder drug for me. I have been on and off 10 mg Lexapro for 5 years. Went through withdrawals while weaning myself off through the beginning of 2 pregnancies. Withdrawals feel like you are coming down with something and the world is a scary unknown new place. Brain zaps are weird too. But I went back on the medication after giving birth because I truly am the text book person with generalized anxiety disorder. It consumes every part of my life. I was just upped to 15 mg a week ago because the 10 was just not quite doing it for me anymore. Life has thrown some serious medical conditions our way. My son was diagnosed with cancer, as was my father, and my other son has down syndrome so my anxiety really spiked. The 15 mg has been wonderful."
"I took otezla for about 5 months for psoriatic arthritis.  I experienced headaches and upper respiratory infections almost the entire time. I saw little, if any, improvement to my arthritis pain and inflammation."
"It&#039;s sad. Ever since I was a child I&#039;ve had anxiety problems and it only seems to get worse with age. I&#039;ve used Xanax for years to help control it, when it feels like I&#039;m going to have a heart attack (racing heart) or I start shaking so bad I can&#039;t even think straight. Xanax worked wonders for me. Now my MD. wants to stop it. I&#039;m on Cymbalta and unfortunately, I find it a very poor substitute. As I find it doesn&#039;t do &#039;The Great Job Xanax Did&#039;. "
"I started Abilify on 2mg with Prozac and Klonopin. After just 3 days I felt the energy that was lacking for so many years. Before Abilify I had been on so many different antidepressants I felt there was nothing for me so I chose drinking. Wrong choice but it was the only thing that would make me feel normal. I finally quit with help from my family. I was put on Abilify, Prozac and Klonopin. I have now switched Prozac with Effexor 75 mg and Abilify 8 mg 4 mg in morning and 4mg at night 37.5 of Effexor in morning and night, also 2mg of Klonopin 2 times day or as needed.  I do suffer from vivid dreams and have gained a little weight but when I was drinking I wouldn&#039;t eat and lost a lot of weight. Overall it is a godsend."
"I took this for pain for frozen shoulder for almost 3 weeks, RLS went away!"
"I just finished my first pack. I was so afraid since this was the first birth control pill I have ever been on. I was majorly concerned with gaining weight, but from what I see my appetite may have even decreased a little. I want to eat more often but I cannot eat nearly as much as I used to. My breasts already have grown about half a cup size bigger which I am okay with. Normally right before my period I would break out just a little and but this pill has eliminated almost all of my acne except for maybe one minor blemish here or there. I do feel a little more emotional but nothing so drastic that it would affect my relationship with others or mental state. Overall I am in love with this pill, no true negative side affects for me."
"I have had an on and off condition with skin boils numerous, I am also diabetic and allergic to penicillin. This is one of the few antibiotics I can tolerate. I have been on this dose for 12 days, and am getting vast improvement. I am concerned though, because my provider wants me on this for 4 more weeks.. I have read other reviews, medications all have side effects, but having numerous boils under my arms, top of my legs, and under my breasts have just gotten out of control. And scars are bad as well. Just feeling so much better without so much infection and things healing up"
"Condom broke 7/25, not sure if I was ovulating or not. took a pill a hour and a half after the incident, took another pill 12 hours after the incident. I felt nauseous, headaches, cramps, extremely sore boobs for almost 2 weeks, exhausted and moodiness and I also got a yeast infection. 8/8 Yesterday marked 2 weeks since the incident happened and the pregnancy test came out negative. About 2 hours later I started my period which is a lot heavier than normal but im not pregnant and the pill did its job."
"I have only been taking the medication for a week. 500mg/day. I have lost 11 pounds in that week due to the loss of appetite. When I do eat I get sick. Nothing tastes good to me anymore. I&#039;m having some crazy dreams at night. I urinate every 2 hours minimum. I get a tingling feeling in my fingers, face and legs. I&#039;m having a spinal tap this Friday to relieve some pressure, I&#039;m hoping after that happens I won&#039;t have to take this medication anymore. It has alleviated the headaches though!"
"I can only describe my experience as horrendous. I was given topi max to balance out the severe anxiety and restlessness and insomnia I had on abilify. It had the opposite effect, after about three weeks taking it I developed severe fatigue, inability to swallow properly, paranoia and the anxiety and restlessness went through the roof, I have never been so close to ending it all to get out of the hell that had become my head. I stopped taking both abilify and topomax and resumed on my original aerogel. Within 24 hours all the symptoms of anxiety and suicidality had gone. A trully terrifying experience that nearly saw my children without a mother"
"Brintellix seems to keep me on upper end of depression.I still have no motivation to get out of the house.I am less irritable but have times of hypomania.My psych increased my dosage but I haven&#039;t filled it yet,can&#039;t motivate myself to get it filled. When I began taking Brintellix my psych suggested to take with night meds because of possible nausea.I was nauseated at first then stomach cramps began my 3rd month of taking it. Just recently started vomiting and have very bad constipated. Just started to get bad headaches. Brintellix is probably the best med for my psych problems but not so great for physically. I need to get off this med unfortunately."
"The medicine has done nothing for me but been a tease.  I was so excited about the being free the indescribable itch. I have no other symptoms but the itch is annoying.  Day 4,the itch lingers.  I had not had sex, used toys and  always been clean using the bathroom etc.  Where did this come from? Thank God I am not in a relationship because it would--it would have been over! Bottom-line, tonight I took two 500mg to see if a 1000 strength would give me a little relief.  This is sickening!  I don&#039;t understand how some have gone through this before and even for years and months.  I am going crazy after two weeks of thinking I had a yeast infection to learn I am fighting BV.  I have Dr. apt at 10am in the morning--need to try another drug!"
"I had swelling around my optic nerves causing vision problems and also had debilitating headaches that got worse with movement and made it impossible to exercise. I lived with it for years unknowingly and got progressively worse. My doctor diagnosed me with Pseudotumor cerebri. I have been taking generic Diamox for 3 weeks and haven&#039;t had a single headache. I can take my dogs for a walk now. There are 2 side effects I experience, tingling in my feet which was very bothersome but has lessened and that any beverages with carbonation taste terrible. No sodas, flavored water, beer, wine coolers, champagne. None of it taste normal/good. "
"Please report these side effects properly. I also have side effects and am concerned that the FDA isn&#039;t able to track the data not reported to them. 

The FDA is responsible for ensuring that foods are safe, wholesome, and correctly labeled. It also oversees medicines, medical devices (from bandages to artificial hearts), blood products, vaccines, cosmetics, veterinary drugs, animal feed, etc. 
"
"I was in so much pain and the other options, like Lyrica and Cymbalta, gave me serious allergic reactions. The only problem I had was that no doctor besides Dr Karen Herbst in AZ (a specialist in Dercum&#039;s Disease), understood the extreme pain of this disease. At least, not in my HMO, Kaiser Permanente here in Northern California. I had a month&#039;s worth of 25mcg fentanyl patches and for the last three weeks I have been on them, I have been able to be a &quot;Mom&quot; again and participate with the family, take care of them and join in actually living my life again. I am at a loss on how to convince the pain doctors at my Kaiser that this &quot;chronic pain&quot;  patient&#039;s quality of life is greatly improved by the use of opoids, in this case the Fentanyl patch"
"I am 7 weeks into taking Contrave. I have lost 22 pounds. I am having problems with headache, nausea, constipation, problems sleeping, abdominal pain, and difficulty focusing. Overall, I feel like I have managing these symptoms in order to continue with the weightless."
"I had horrible nightmares and intermittent sleep. Very frustrated. Woke up tired."
"Diagnosed with general anxiety disorder.  Would have obsessive thoughts non stop, losing sleep sometimes.  Started taking buspar 5mg twice a day.  Hands felt tingling and head a little cloudy but no other real side affect.  Increased up to 10mg.  Immediately saw improvement, no more obsessive thoughts that would normally slow me at my work.  Been on it for almost a year now and have no side affects."
"I was sick 7 years ago, immediately after being infected, so there was very little time to do damage to my body without being on medication.  I started on Atripla, and was undetectable within 30 days and CD4 went from 350 to 900.  I still have weird dreams, but otherwise my health has never been better.
I take a strict daily vitamin regimen in addition to my Atripla.  I only have to see the doctor twice a year now.  I am so fortunate.  This medication is amazing."
"Terrible side effects from Ssri and ssnri. Lexapro and celexa kept me in bed for a week before stopping. Others made my crawl out of my skin. I take 2.5 mg at bed and wake up with a great energy level! I have terrible anxiety all day long and this has made it go away! Love love love that I feel back to my old self. I had my first panic attack while driving and so although I force myself to do it I hated how exhausting it was. Only a week on this new Med has been a game changer. I started getting anxiety and panic attacks years ago for no good reason. I love life and was not stressed about anything. Anxiety turned my life upside down. Only a week on this I will update in a month."
"I have ADHD and this medication helps with everyday life. I can focus on what I&#039;m doing. The only real problem I have with this medication is the fact that it affects how I treat others. In other words I get agitated a lot faster.  I don&#039;t want to be angry and before I took this medication I would always turn the other cheek, but now unfortunately I get real angry really fast."
"I am male, 53 years old, &amp; have been on Zoloft (Sertraline) 75mg for 1 year. My problem was with anxiety &amp; I became very sick. I first tried Celexa &amp; I felt worse. After 3 weeks I switched to Zoloft &amp; quickly noticed an improvement. It took about 3 to 4 weeks for Zoloft to start working effectively. By the 3rd month I felt even better &amp; any side effects stopped - they are: trouble sleeping &amp; I took Ativan to relax me and fall asleep, and after 3 months my sleep returned to normal; as for sex, maybe slightly longer to orgasm but no sexual dysfunction. As for alcohol, I still drink &amp; feel fine; there was sweating but this went away. Zoloft works, good luck!"
"I had a Mirena IUD for 5 years.  It was very uncomfortable and I would not recommend it. The removal &quot;string&quot; was like fishing line and jabbed into me all of the time and gave my husband abrasions. To reduce my daily discomfort, my healthcare provider cut the string short which made removal more difficult. I had a greenish weeping discharge that lasted the whole 5 years that made me think I had some kind of wound. I resented my husband the whole time I suffered this device, but I was too busy with work and kids to remember to take birth control pills.  It did prevent pregnancy and not having periods was sort of a bonus. I developed metal sensitivities during that time.  It cost about $500 to have it removed thanks to my husband&#039;s employer."
"Nerve pain after total knee replacement.  The nerve pain is in toes, they feel very cold but when felt the are really warm. After a couple of weeks on lyrica I getting hive like itches mainly on arms"
"Started taking Cipro for a bladder infection but had some bad side effects in the tendon in my right hand. Went back to the Dr. And he gave me Bactrim(Septra).   I took it for 3 days in total before I had to stop. The symptoms literally made me feel like I was dying. I had a really foggy head, headaches, dizziness, I almost passed out one day. I got zero sleep the whole time I was on it. My joints hurt in the night, my skin got really itchy and developed a rash, I also developed extreme anxiety and I felt like I was having a heart attack with the palpitations. I was close to panic attack  that&#039;s when I said enough is enough. I&#039;ve never had a reaction like that and I have trouble remembering those days.   It was a blur of pain and confusion."
"I have had my Implanon in for over 2 months. After about 2 weeks of having it in I started to experience spotting but it lasted for around 7 weeks continuously and went and saw my doctor and now I am on the pill as well as to try to regulate my period. I&#039;m not sure why but I think my libido has increased a lot since having the Implanon. I very much like not having to take a pill everyday to not fall pregnant."
"I had  Doctor give me Fioricet and told me to come back in 3 weeks to see if it worked for me, and it was the one thing that actually worked. So I went back in 3 weeks and he told me it was not part of a healthy diet and would not give me anymore. So really what was the point of the false hope.  I continue to suffer at least 2 days a week from massive headaches. My stomach is gonna fall apart from all the over the counter medicines I take way too much of, for very little relief."
"Wonder drug for Irritable Bowel Syndrome sufferers.  I use it as a preventative and am able to live a normal life."
"Yes, I only use this for birth control and has done it&#039;s job well (no kids), but I have gotten horrible headaches. I&#039;m definitely moody, irritable and anxious. Switching to Loestrin. Hopefully it will be a better fit. Was on Yaz before but it messed up my gallbladder."
"Hi. I felt like posting here because I saw multiple reviews by people who had taken Zoloft for a few days, or a few weeks, and had bad experiences. I wanted to say that, though everyone is different, it will take at least a month or two before you start to feel &quot;better&quot; on any Anxiety med. Also, probably starting with a small dose and working your way up after several weeks would be a good idea. My GP told me to take half a pill, then go to a full pill after a week, which is crazy, and I had just about every side effect and dizziness for the first month. The second time around with Zoloft, I took one fourth of my pill, and ramped up every four days. If you have side effects, know that this is normal, and you will feel better soon."
"After a week I started vomiting. My mother also told me I called her in the middle of the night and was confused. I had no idea I even called."
"I had Major depression with mixed features.  I could not sleep on this medication yet would be very tired and could nap during the day. Took it in the morning and at night and both were ineffective for sleeping well. Woke up at least 10 times. Not helpful, made me nauseous."
"As far as a birth control that&#039;ll do its job? It&#039;s been great so far. Side affects? Where do I start? Mood swings (I mean MAJOR), headaches (non-stop), irritable, tired (24/7), I just don&#039;t have much drive to do a whole lot of anything. Hasn&#039;t affected my weight or acne situation as far as I&#039;ve noticed tho. It&#039;s definitely put a strain on my relationship, I&#039;m relatively new to takin it so hopefully all those little kinks will go away. Fingers crossed!"
"This is it. You might have to up or decrease you mg according to how you feel at first. I take 3, 18mg tabs in morning. It is the Concerta ER, lasts from 8-12 hrs. No side effects at all for me. I am calmer, more focused, and still get a lot done during the day. I easily go to sleep now. Recommended for ADHD though, not for ADD symptoms. I am energized during the day and do not &quot;feel&quot; like I am &quot;coming off something&quot;. I highly recommend this."
"I live with chronic pain from many different health issues. I have 3 types of migraines, liver disease, Crohn&#039;s disease, gastroparesis, IBD, IBS, gerd, ulcerative colitis, pseudotumo cerebri too many things to list. However I stay in pain. I have been on every drug known to man and this is a fast acting medication that helps the pain and you don&#039;t feel like your on cloud 90. My insurance has been great and now they don&#039;t want to cover it but want to pay for a drug that cost more then this medication that will do nothing but make me in more pain because we get to play the guess game till we find the dose that will work if we do find one and then pay for more er trips. Not happy. Subsy gave me my hubby and kids back somewhat again."
"This medicine has allowed me to be functional with my allergies! "
"Much easier than last prep 10 years ago.  It does taste like cough syrup...but I just chugged the first dose and then followed immediately with the water.  Cramping as expected but was really over in a couple of hours...so I was even able to go back to sleep for a couple of hours after my 5:30 AM dose."
"In January of 2015 I weighed 285lbs. at 5 foot 7 inches. I do have high blood pressure.I started a weight loss challenge and in 3 months with dieting and exercise I lost about 30lbs. I continued the same regimen and by February of 2016 I was 238. I seemed to have hit a wall.  On recommendation from my doctor I started phentermine 37.5 in the beginning of March.As of May 14, I weighed 228lbs. The medications does give dry mouth and your energy is increased. I have about 20 days before the end of 3 months on the meds and will seem my Doctor then to see what she recommends further. My goal weight is 210. I am 50 years old.1992 when I graduated Police Academy in the best shape on my life I weighed 200lbs. I want to get near that and maintain it"
"This is the magic pill. 

Taking this drug made me ace my exams and med school interview. 
My first semester last year was extremely stressful to the point that I wanted to drop out the of college and considered doing something really drastic and rash due to how rubbish I felt. I cried non stop, I struggled with exams. Taking fluoxetine made me less stressed, I was able to concentrate more. 

I noticed my thinking patterns changed. I was extremely pessimistic and sad about everything before but after taking the drug I started to view everything more positively. I felt like a magic switch redirected my thoughts in a different direction whenever I was thinking something negative. It made me more social and easier to get along with."
"I am a 35 year old woman who has tried hundreds of medications to help my chronic diarrhea.  I have had multiple diagnosis depending upon the doctor I saw.  They ranged from Crohn&#039;s, ulcerative Colitis, to Inflammatory Bowel Disease, to severe Irritable bowel syndrome, etc.  I have been tested for everything.  The only medication that has given me any relief and allows me work and keep going on with my daily activities is Paregoric.  If this medication at some point goes off the market, my only alternative will be to file for medical disability and be a shut in.  It is very scary and sad for me to that this may happen.  This medication has given me the quality of life I need, to keep going everyday.  "
"This is a great birth control, overall. I had one period about a week after insertion and after that, no more periods. I didn&#039;t really make me moody or anything. The only downside was that I was gaining weight. About a pound a month and very difficult to lose. After OVER a YEAR on it (and 15lbs later), I began spotting for 3 weeks straight. It didn&#039;t stop until I got it removed (I got it removed for the weight issue, not the spotting). It would be perfect if it didn&#039;t make me gain weight. I already lost a few lbs after getting it removed earlier this week."
"Just had it prescribed for my arms which are still painful from time to time 6 months after breaking both. Woke up with dreadful back pain today and thought it would be a good time to try one. It did nothing for my back pain but took the edge off the pains in my arms. My doctor said I can not take any other pain relief medication with this one, so I have to wait in pain for quite awhile until it is out of my system so I can take something a bit better. Not happy."
"I just had my mirena removed after having it for 5 years. After
only a few days of spotting and cramping I did not have a period for 5 years. I did however cramp a little every month and had mood swings. It was the best birth control experience ever and after having a few cycles I plan on having it put back in."
"I began using Saxenda one month ago today. I am 30 and started at 438 lbs. today I am 414. 24 lbs in one month, I have not changed my diet or began exercising more than I do already (physical labor) 

I can truly say that Saxenda is working great, Nausea is a side effect, some days much more present than others, but it is a side effect so minute in comparison to the fact that I eat less than my wife (110 soaking wet) at meals where I would usually eat all of my food and polish hers off while waiting for desert.

Finally an appetite suppressant I can honestly say is working. 

Month 2; I plan on dieting properly, Not eating sugars/fatty foods...and Month 3 I plan on exercising regularly again."
"I take this as an additional medicine for pain control and the deep tissue pain associated with Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy. The medicine is beneficial in helping the efficacy of the pain medicines taken."
"I have just started taking Zoloft for my severe anxiety disorder. For the last almost year now I have been dealing with this debilitating disorder and I finally had enough went to the doctors and now I&#039;m on 25mg to start. I feel horrible (Nauseated, dizzy, feeling of pressure in my head, slight numbness in lip and jaw and itchy dry feeling in the back of my mouth) but I&#039;m praying with all these positive responses about the medicine it will help me. I&#039;m at the end of my ropes I have two small children. I&#039;m trying to go to school and my anxiety is keeping me from being able to sit in class or go into the grocery store for longer than 2 mins! It has been horrible and came on for no apparent reason. I wish you all the best!"
"I have had knee pain and swelling since age 12, it has gradually gotten worse over the years. Especially since I was diagnosed with Lupus, SLE &amp; DLE. In the past year I have had excruciating pain. I went to the ortho and was diagnosed with Avascular Necrosis. I have since had surgery to remove some dead bone. The psin got better, then worse again so I got the shot of SYNVISC. It has really, really helped. I am just scared something will change amd I will be back on the sidelines of my own life.  So much to deal with...."
"Getting on this pill was the worst mistake I have ever made. I had impalanon and it was literally the best thing in the world and when my three years came, I thought I&#039;d give the pill a try. It&#039;s been 5 days since and I have never been more depressed in my life. Worst anxiety attacks.. I even had to leave work yesterday. I cry all the time. I&#039;m numb. It&#039;s pure hell. Stopping the pill today and calling to get the impalanon back in."
"After 5,6 months of implanon I gained 15 to 20 pounds.  It is extremely hard for me to lose even a pound I joined a gym but after 3 months of going at least 4 times a week for 2 hours and no results I tried cutting back calories and nothing! Its very depressing  because I&#039;m not happy at all with my body and I feel so fat and terrified of gaining more. Even if I take it out it can take a year for your body to be how it was before I&#039;m so stressed out and don&#039;t know what to do."
"The combination of Cozaar with Atenolol has been highly effective in controlling my blood pressure, which had been intractable previously. After using the Cozaar brand name for some generic brand losartan. Over the next few months I developed a severe heartburn problem. I did not associate it with the change to the generic until a year later when certain other reasons I switched back to the brand name. Almost immediately my heartburn problem subsided. Please be aware of this if you are using a generic instead of Cozaar and you develop heartburn."
"I was taking Zoloft and my doctor switched me to Cymbalta because of my pain from arthritis. I started on 60mg a week ago. My mood is the same as with Zoloft, but I cannot sleep or think clearly. I will start taking it in the morning and see if it helps. My pain is better."
"I had been congested and coughing for five days finally went to the doctor and they gave me this medicine. I started taking it at 8pm last night and I have take two doses of it now. It works immediately. My only concern is it is now 5am and I haven&#039;t been sleepy or drowsy. I have been up all night with tons of energy. This stuff is really good."
"I have been on the NuvaRing for nearly seven months now and I love it. I am a busy college student and I was terrible about remembering to take the pill/I couldn&#039;t take it at a consistent time each day because I was never always home at a certain time. This lead to a lot of scares. Since I&#039;ve been on the ring I have not had any adverse side effects. No weight gain, no mood disturbances, no pain, etc. It has been wonderful for me and I don&#039;t think I&#039;d ever consider another form of birth control at this point in my life."
"I took this for about a week. ONLY A WEEK. It broke me out right away, and I was absolutely crazy with my moods. I&#039;m still suffering mild hormone imbalance and acne side effects after being off of it for 2 weeks, but I&#039;m just glad to be off. I&#039;m not sure if it would have stopped my periods or not, but I wasn&#039;t going to try."
"I&#039;ve had panic attacks in the past, are far back as age 5 or 6. I had a couple in my my 20&#039;s, and from 1999 to 2008 I fought a child support case and spent alot of time in jaiil over that period of time. In 2007-2008 I spent 11 months locked up in Detriot, Mi. where I finally beat the case by DNA and was freed. A month Later I began having regular panic attacks. I now have Chronic Anxiety associated with PTSD/Agoraphobia/and Chronic Panic Attacks. I started taking Xanax in June 2008 until March 2009 where my doctor then tried every drug under the sun on me outside of Benzos, and nothing worked. In January 2010 my Mother passed and the attacks became frequent after 11 ER visits and a doctor change I&#039;m now on 0.5mg Xanax x 2 day."
"I have had two colonoscopy in my life. The first one I used golytely. It was horrible to try and get that much fluid down and I cramped so horribly it felt like my stomach would rupture! It definitely cleaned me out though. This time I did suprep it was a cake walk comparably. No stomach cramps I just felt like I was peeing out of my rectum. I am not so sure however how well it cleaned me out the gastrointerologist said I was sufficiently cleaned but I don&#039;t think I was as clean as I was the first time. The taste of suprep is horrible but still it was way better than going through all that pain."
"I have now been on otezla for the magic 4 months the company says it takes to improve.  I am so much worse now.  My arthritis is so bad I can hardly use my hands they are so swollen and painful, most of my joints are swollen and painful, and my psoriasis has gotten worse.  I wish I had stayed on Enbrel, and as will be going back on it as soon as possible. I did not have any adverse side effects, it just wasn&#039;t effective for me."
"Start of 2015 my weight was 262 and I am 5&#039;5, I started going to the gym and eating right and lost only 4 pounds in 3 months. I went to the Doc and he put me on adipex 37.5 first month I lost 21 lbs. I am on week 2 into the 2nd months and down 5 lbs . Dry mouth and headache  in the first month but haven&#039;t had a problem in the 2nd month."
"I am writing mostly because after having so many people tell me their horror stories about Lithium I was looking for something positive and found this site.  I was prescribed Lithium after my first manic episode and it has helped to level me out.  I was also on Olanzapene which I blame for the 20lbs I gained (being in the hospital for a month and then snacking obsessively and not excercising didn&#039;t help).  My thoughts of suicide are a lot less  for the first time in a long time and I feel generally more stable than I did even on Effexor which I was on for years."
"My child was on Eltrombopag for a few months in combination with ATG Horse and standard immunosuppresent therapy using cyclosporine and had a rapid response. Eltrombopag is a miracle drug. Our child did have slight elevations in liver levels (LDH, AST, ALT) but as soon s the drug was removed all levels went to normal again and my child held labs at near normal levels. Very grateful. 

It is expensive but insurance will pay, but you may have to fight for it. I would fight for it."
"I&#039;ve had Fibro for 15 years,  I tried guaifenesin years ago, but not regularly.  I was on Lyrica And Cymbalta, but the side effects are awful.  I started guaifenesin (mucinex) again less than a month ago.  So far, I feel great.  I still have pain, but I can move now.  The pain isn&#039;t debilitating like it was.  It even help my mood, which has been a huge struggle for me lately.  Im taking 400mg twice daily for now.  I can only have hope.   Right????"
"I have sat here and read every comment on here and I agree with almost all of them. Suboxone is a WONDER DRUG!! I was addicted to any kind of painkiller that I could get my hands on, and I had to have it every single day just to get up out of the bed. This went on for almost 4 years and I have 2 children that I was NOT being the best mother to. When I left my children&#039;s father, who is also an addict I met the most amazing man who also had the same problem but had been on Suboxone for almost a year and got me into his doctor. I have been on it for almost 6 months and I am proud to say that I am back in college and a wonderful mother who loves to get up with my kids everyday! Anyone who has this problem, please try Suboxone, it works!!"
" I&#039;m on my 2nd round of necon 1/35. I started taking it because the doctor thinks I have endometriosis, but no one is really sure. My periods are extremely painful and I lose my appetite completely. The side effects of necon are the same as symptoms of pregnancy which is kind of alarming. I&#039;m also even more depressed and anxious than I was before I started taking it. I take it without the placebo week and my period was lighter but longer. It&#039;s been two weeks and I&#039;ve still had terrible pain."
"I wish I could rate this pill a -1. You are constantly hungry and moody all the time. No matter how much I eat I am never full which has resulted in me gaining weight. I cry at anything and everything for no reason at all and I used to never cry before taking this pill. I have been extreme PMSing for the past six months that I have been on this pill. I&#039;m always sad or mad at something and its unexplainable. This pill doesn&#039;t help with acne at all...it has actually caused me to have extremely severe acne. I don&#039;t know why any doctor would ever recommend this awful pill."
"I had my first injection of Orthvisc on 08 June 2009. My next scheduled dates are 15 June 09 and 22nd June 09. I have had 3 series of the Supartz and I can tell a big difference in my knee. I am out of pain as of the first injection. No side effects. I am glad to be getting only 3 injections as opposed to the five of Supartz. I have osteoarthritis in both knees and the left one is the worst. The doctor wants to do knee replacement on that one however at age 67 in Oct 2009, my medical doctor does not want me to have the surgery yet. I am very pleased today, 10 June 09 with the results and pain free from my first injection of Orthovisc. Perhaps this is the answer and Medicare will pay for the injections every six(6) months. So I am looking on the positive side."
"It worked pretty well for a long time; I&#039;ve been on it about 12 years and have had no real issue with it.  The problem is that I&#039;ve been on the max for a while and it&#039;s not helping me much anymore."
"Have been on this pill for 5 years. Never had any problems with it , never experienced the side effects . Not even the good ones like my skin clearing up :/ but this pill is highly recommended and I would keep taking it."
"Usally works within 15 mins"
"Yes it worked but the side effects I dealt with for 2 months (give or take) wasn&#039;t worth it. I had to be rushed to the hospital last week due to the horrible migraines, pin and needles in my face, numbness and dizziness. It takes a lot to scare me and this pill definitely scared me. When I started the pill in March I bled for a month. Old blood tho (brown) with lots of clots. Some of them were bigger than quarters. When I called my obgyn about the bleed in March she advised me to continue to take it and that my body had to adjust and then just last week I was rushed to the ER.Talk about scary. I only went onto the pill because I have my i.u.d. removed. I&#039;m still adjusting mentally from not being on it. It made my depression bad."
"About a week ago I experienced a somewhat traumatic event that kept me awake at night. I felt as soon as the sun went down my anxiety started to gradually rise until I had pain in my chest and was hypventilating. Nothing could calm me down or get me to sleep. I finally went to see my doctor and he gave me 10 days of Ativan. Last night was the first time I took one, or any benzo for that matter, and it was like a miracle worker. Within 10 minutes of taking one 0.5g sublingual tab it&#039;s like all the anxiety in me went out the window. I felt I still needed to control my thoughts to steer away from provoking an attack but it sincerely helped calm me down to a point where I felt safe and was able to sleep. Definitely recommend."
"Infected mid-Nov 2013, primary infecwtion symptoms at beginning of Dec (fatigue, chills followed by heat and sweating, third week of December swollen lymph nodes, mucous discharge in throat), diagnosed January 8, 2014 (panic, denial (must have been a false positive.)), west blot confirmed January 10, 2014. Tests Jan 14, 2014: CD4 372, viral load 320,000, CD4/8 0.5

Follow-up on Feb 10, 2014: CD4 450, viral load 250,000 CD4/8 0.6.

Atripla started March 4, 2014. First day dizzy, body itch (not bad), itch in my balls (unbearable all night). After day 1, all bad effects gone. Two weeks later skin rash on the neck and chest, not itchy; cleared in 3 days.

After 1 month: viral load 1110, cd4 1030, cd4/8 0.7
After 3 mo: viral load 127, CD4: 870, CD4/8: 1.0

6 month test in 3 wks."
"I am finishing up my first month on it. The first two weeks were rough. I started my period on the first month and it was very heavy. My doctor had prescribed me with it to control my migraines and periods. So far no migraines and less acne. My breast have grown a whole cup size though."
"My daughter had a baby Dec 2015 and got the Nexplanon at her checkup. She loves it!!! She has now had it about 9 months and has never had a period, and hasn&#039;t gained any weight. Actually lost all her baby weight and is now modeling. She loves it! I wanted to get one so bad, but im 40 and not sure which route it will go with my body since everyone is different. I wish i would be as lucky as my daughter. Until then, im on the pill"
"Strattera has changed my life, my relationships, and the way I feel about my self. This drug takes time to get into your system mine took about 2 months, with some uncomfortable side effects at first, but one you over come those this medicine truly works. The problem is most people just want to jump to the next drug. I feel like a normal human being I&#039;m no longer extremely reactive, irritable, irrational, and emotionally all over. I have found to be emotional yet stable (I&#039;m not just some zombie) I am not constantly making impulse decisions. I have improved my relationships with my family and friends and feel finally like my self and have control over my life. So great film and I hope many others find the same happiness. female 21"
"Use to take 3mg, but was too sedating. I currently take .75 at bedtime, and it keeps me calm during the day. Only feel a little irritable at times still, but nothing like prior to taking risperidone. Just 10 lbs in weight gain which I think I needed. I take it in combination with antidepressants, and works very well."
"Within 10 days of beginning to take Bystolic 10mg I experienced severely swollen ankles and had to stop taking it.  I am now back on Metoprolol 100mg which works fine with no side effects."
"I found out that I had a cyst on my brain after having a seizure during football practice in college. Funny thing is that I had been playing football since I had been in the sixth grade and never new anything. Before any CT scan or MRI was performed, it was thought that the seizure was a result from contact while playing. After test were conducted, apparently the cyst was a result of spinal meningitis from my childhood.  I&#039;m not a doctor nor do I understanding everything but never the less, I was placed on Dilantin. It took about six months to regulate my dosage of 500 mg per day. I have now been on Dilantin for 28 years and have never had a seizure while taking my meds correctly. Football was over but, I live great life with Dilantin."
"I went on this pill an entire year ago to help control my facial acne. I was excited to start and as usual this would take a few months to kick in. (the acne would be worse, then get better) Well, I can say that I&#039;ve given it a full year trial... and my acne has gotten lighter, but I still break out terribly. I never had severe acne just mild. I go through stages of mild/light. But it&#039;s never regulated. My skin is terrible and I have sensitive skin that leaves scars even at the smallest pimple. I was so disappointed now an entire year and nothing has really gotten better. My mood has been more emotional than ever, and after a full year I can attribute it most likely to these pills."
"This past Jan. 2012, at the age of 50, I had two strokes, one attributed to my chronic migraines and the other from taking birth control pills for too many years.  I have had migraines for over 10 years, and just before my stroke this year, I was having anywhere from 3 to 7 migraines a week.  My neurologist prescribed Nortriptyline about 4 weeks ago.  I have not had a single migraine since I started this medicine.  I feel better than I have in years.  I pray the medicine continues to work for me.  The only side effect that I have noticed thus far is that sometimes my hands shakes a little.  I hope that I can take this medicine for a long time.  It&#039;s nice being migraine free!"
"Going through a heart breaking split with the love of my life after seven years.  Hows does this happen?  Well, when a man (me) is 20 years older than his love, it&#039;s inevitable.  She is 31, beautiful and feels her clock ticking.  I have already raised my kids.  You get the picture.  The gut wrenching part is that we love each other.  

That said, you can imagine the wild ride I&#039;ve been on emotionally.  This medicine saved me.  I&#039;m sleeping, eating some what and my head doesn&#039;t race so much with the thoughts of her someday in a new family.  I can function, and the tears for the most part have stopped.

0.5 mg 3 x a day as needed.  Right now I take it 2 to 3 times a day but feel I can probably get down to just twice daily.

This medicine has saved me."
"This medicine has been a life saver for me. Well maybe more on the comforter. I tend to get bad heartburn after what seems like every meal. All I do is take a 200 mg tablet in the afternoon, about a half hour before dinner and I am good to go. The downside is of this drug is that it inhibits the liver&#039;s cytochrome (P450 set of enzymes). Therefore it increases the amount of other drugs in the system, however this is not an issue for me."
"I used the product twice. I coated entire head as directed and let it sit for 40 minutes. The second time, I used a tube and a half and made sure it stayed on my head for the same time - far longer than the required 10 minutes before rinsing out, and didn&#039;t wash hair for two days. After both uses, I still felt itching, crawling. And this after going through the lice song and dance routine (washing, sterilizing everything I have ever come in contact with, passed by, looked at, breathed on, thought about, replacing combs, accessories, etc, etc, etc.). Several nits were found in my hair after this. My daughter did the same with her family. I pulled live lice from her hair last night. "
"I had Paragard inserted 7 months ago and I can honestly say it&#039;s gotten so much better over time! The first couple periods I would get sporadic very sharp pains that drugs wouldn&#039;t help. They were so wrenching that I was nervous I would keel over and people would get concerned. My periods initially were very crampy (sharp pains), heavy, and longer than normal. The last two periods I&#039;ve had very minimal sharp pains (only at the start of it), and it lasted 2 days normal with a couple days spotting. That&#039;s better than more normal periods! Sometimes I get crampy after sex, but nothing too bad. My body reacted so much better lately and I&#039;m very happy not to have a hormonal IUD and be paranoid of pregnancies!"
"I&#039;m in the UK and was prescribed Candesartan for migraine prorphilaxys and mild hypertension ~10 months ago and it&#039;s been a complete success.

Was instructed to titrate dose from 8 mg up to 32mg, but stopped at 16mg as 32mg was making me drowsy.

Migraines have reduced from &gt; 1 per week to 1 every 2 - 3 months, which is a huge benefit."
"I have IBS mixed. Alternating constipation&amp; overflow diahrrea. My dr gave me 145mg of Linzess to take 30min before dinner. Nothing but gas. Then she said take it with dinner. 2 hrs later I had diahrrea a few times the first week. Then I  got terrible stomach cramps a few hours later. I would go but it was hard to pass, &amp; a lot. The next couple days I would have the same stomach pain, have hard stools but then diahrrea right after. I was all over the place. I told my dr &amp; she gave me 245mg &amp; 30min before dinner. It&#039;s been a few days &amp; I think my body is still adjusting bc I did have D. But I&#039;ve had many normal BM! I feel it coming after I eat or wake up &amp; go like normal! No belly pain,bloating, or rumbling. I hope i am finally stabilized!"
"On Day 2 of the Clindamycin Inserts and I have no side effects and my BV has already improved but will continue to take the remaining 5 inserts. The directions say each night do one insert for 7 nights."
"This medication is a life saver. I think Prozac has saved my life and made my thinking more clear. I had been struggling with mental illness for years before I tried prozac. I had been diagnosed with adhd and bipolar disorder (even though I never had a manic episode). I had tried other medications. After a suicide attempt, I tried zoloft, however, there was no effect. After this ssri, I tried other medications and everything made me unbelievably worse. After trying medications like lithium, lamictal, depakote, and abilify; I finally was put on 10 mg prozac and then 20 mg. This was it. I felt an instant recovery after 3 weeks, where my mind finally woke up. I felt a part of my brain, which was not working, was now working. It was lifesaving."
"I was prescribed this medication after I  already tried lithium and seroquel. The lithium helped me a lot &amp; the seroquel gave me bad headaches. So they put me on abilify. I could not sleep no matter what I took to help, I was restless , I threw up , my body temperature switched from hot to cold rapidly. I couldn&#039;t stand without being dizzy. It was the worst experience. My depression was better but my anxiety was insane. Definitely not worth the side effects"
"I had been alcohol free for 4 months since I started taking baclofen. I have degenerative lumbar scoliosis and have other obsessions (shopping, etc.). I increased the dosage quite quickly to 90 mg but got euphoria even hypomania and enuresis (bed wetting)on 2 occasions which disturbed me. I have now reduced to 62.5mg. I am still alcohol free (attending 4AA meetings a week). My thoughts have slowed down, no enuresis now and absolutely NO anxiety, no back pain, no shopping. Still only sleeping 5 hours but very calm and alert."
"Systemic Lupus for 3 years, severe spinal issues and now a trapped nerve in my buttocks. After no sleep for 5 days I became suicidal. Doc prescribed 10 mg&#039;s of Elavil...but it didn&#039;t work UNTIL I increased the dose to 30 mg&#039;s.  NOW I am finally getting sleep and pain relief.  This medicine is more effective than Oxycontin, hydromorphone and many other medicines I have taken for pain (ibuprofen, and other OTC medicines.) For me, the key was to increase the dose.  Yes, there are side effects - constipation, dry mouth, drowsiness - but this is mild compared to suffering in so much pain that I did not want to live anymore."
"Was able to get around  without shortness of breath and start exercising again. Waiting for insurance company to approve it. Very good med"
"Dried skin out at first but persevere as skin gets used to it. Have to use every night or will get a spot but went from having cystic acne to maybe one spot that time of the month! Brilliant product and doesn&#039;t mess with your body like the pill. Will never stop using! Great stuff."
"I have dealt with PMS for years. I finally found a doctor willing to listen and try to help. After discussing symptoms with her I was diagnosed with PMDD and put on Zoloft. In a matter of days I felt better than I have in years. It does tend to make me sleepy so I take it at night. Having a proper diagnosis and treatment saved my marriage, my job and my relationships with others."
"I had Stage 1 IDC Breast Cancer, diagnosed in June 2013, mastectomies in August 2013, started tamoxifen October 2013.  After experiencing stomach digestive issues I went off it in March 2014 until August, then back on and have been on it ever since.  So almost 1 year straight, but another 5 months of it before that as well.  My biggest complaint is feeling so wiped out by the end of the day.  I take it at night when going to bed, usually 10pm-ish.  Does anyone think switching the time I take the pill will matter?  I have also noticed a 5-10 pound weight gain.  I&#039;m very active and fit - lift weights, run, do crossfit.  I have found that the side effects of this drug are forcing me to live and eat cleaner to try and reduce them."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication (Nora-Be) for a little over a month now and my only complaint is that I have no idea when I&#039;ll get my period, the random spotting and the length of the period. Each time I have spotting, I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s my period or spotting then when I finally got my period, I had no idea how long it would be (still having it 6 days later). One of the main reasons I went on birth control was to control my period, since I have migraines however, I&#039;m no longer allowed (per PPNE) allowed to have estrogen in my birth control which takes out that ability to control my period. Beyond that, no other side effects (i.e. weight gain, breast tenderness). I&#039;ll report back if that changes over the next few months."
"Started this med on June 2nd 2015  with 75mg no difference a month later, I am up to 150mg no difference scrappy mood no desire to do anything.  I drag my self out of bed every morning I am now on 300mg a month later hopefully some miracle would happen I am going to give another month with the 300mg dose, if there is no change, I am trying some thing else. I am so sick of this drugs that take weeks to work and then no result so you have to try something else.  I&#039;ll  keep you posted.  By the he way today July 26  is my 3rd day on 300mg. Wish me luck"
"I was prescribed Paxil for situational depression that was pretty severe, merging on PTSD. (I went through a really bad relationship breakup that was traumatic) I also had GAD (general anxiety). I took Paxil for about 8 weeks. It started working right away and I felt so much better I&#039;d say within a day or two. I slept better and woke in the morning without massive anxiety and intrusive thoughts and my depression began to lift. BUT I gained a whopping 20 pounds in the 8 weeks I was on Paxil. It was so awful that I had the doctor wean me off of it . I thought once it was out of my system that the weight would slowly come off but it didn&#039;t - I gained another 10 lbs. I think Paxil messes with your metabolism. Will NEVER take it again."
"I am almost 50. I&#039;ve been using Androgel for 8 months. Before I started using I was tired all the time, had no energy, and had very little sex drive. I have had no side effects, and I feel like I&#039;m 25 again!"
"I originally was prescribed 2mg, which stopped working after a few weeks. I then was upped to 3mg which worked like a charm, but then after a month or so, again stopped working. And if my sleep was interrupted it caused me to feel drunk. I still take this, but I take it now at a pill and a half. It&#039;s frustrating that tolerance builds up so quickly, but otherwise it works well if you follow exactly how to take it."
"After six months of taking it, it didn&#039;t do a thing. "
"Was good for not getting pregnant , but made me feel sick I&#039;m using it for a month now and skin is dark and dirty looking body pains feel tired just sick overall"
"I&#039;ve been taking Setraline for about two weeks for Social anxiety and depression. . I used to take Paroxetine for 3 years and had to switch to Sertraline. Since I&#039;m taking Sertraline I&#039;ve noticed that I am grumpy and have a very short temper. Any little thing can blow my lid and I honestly hate myself at the moment. I&#039;m so easily irritated that it really annoys me. Yes, I&#039;m getting mad at myself for getting mad at anything. I experience no sexual side effects which is good because Paroxetine kind of muted me down there. It doesn&#039;t help much with my depression or social anxiety at the moment. I&#039;ll give it a month and maybe increase the dosage."
"Since going back to this med,  my morning tiredness is gone, as well as weakness in general.   I love it."
"I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder off the back of a recent adult ADD diagnosis. After the first few days on just a half dose I already felt like a different person and these effects have not changed after almost two months. My mood has improved greatly, my anger and irritability have dissipated, suicidal ideation has ceased, and I rarely find myself ruminating on negative thoughts. I have since experienced brief returns to depressive feelings during periods of extreme stress, though I believe these to be circumstantial. I have experienced no side effects except perhaps a slight reduction in sex drive. I would give Brintellix 10 but for the cost which is not covered by the Australian Pharmaceutical Benefit Scheme."
"Coming from 1 yr with a mirena IUD and the side effect of intense acne, my experience 2 months in is phenomenal! My boobs have increased in size, my skin has absolutely NO active breakouts(just scaring now), I am happier, my skin is SO much less oily, and my sex drive has increased. I think my levels of estrogen were ridiculously low and this dosage of hormones work well for my body!"
"Taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo made me moody, depressed and anxious. I had cramps a week before and a week after my period. I was like a different person. I have returned to Ortho Tri regular, and I am back to my normal self. "
"I have tried every over the counter medicine and nothing worked. My Dr. even prescribed me 1000mg ibuprofen and that didn&#039;t work either. I got a migraine so bad that I had to be taken to the ER, after numerous tests and head scan the Dr. told me to try Prodrin. It was amazing that after only 10-15 mins of taking only 1 pill the headache was gone! I recommend that anyone who suffers from severe migraine and or tension headaches should talk to their Dr about getting this medicine. It works wonders and I personally didn&#039;t experience any side effects."
"Tums worked great for me. When I take it I immediately feel better. It lasts for a long time too."
"I take 40 mg of Latuda nightly with a titration dose of 25-75 mg Lamogotrine (Lamictal) for bipolar I. Within a day of taking it, my mood brightened, I was able to wake up in the morning without malaise, and experienced a loss of appetite. I much prefer this to Depakote and Wellbutrin. I was not compliant with the Depakote due to the side effects of a huge appetite and the fact that it made me feel like a zombie. After a manic episode, I needed to recommit to compliance again, but abruptly stopped taking Depakote and Risperdone (prescribed right after manic episode) due to side effects. After a couple of weeks of no medicines, the Latuda/Lamotrigine cocktail made life so much brighter."
"After the first 200mg dose, I experienced a powerful, irresistible and complete voiding of my bowel.  It left me weak so I did not take any more for a full day. Then I took half a tablet (100mg) and experienced the same thing again.  At a quarter dose (50mg) the same thing happened.  I think Provigil is an excellent laxative.  It gave (at all those doses) a moderate improvement in wakefulness for about two hours; it did not help with my cataplexy.  Since then 40mg (4 x 10mg) of methylphenidate allows me to stay awake and alert and also eliminates attacks of catalepxy."
"This medicine was awful for me. I felt nauseous taking it, moodiness and had a hard time staying awake after 3-4 hours. I also had a hard time driving during that time too. Do not like it"
"I have had a lot of back pain for a few years but since my doctor has put me on Opana I have never felt better. I can go about my life without the worry of being in so much pain at the end of the day. What a relief it has been. A pure God send."
"I&#039;ve been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 4 years now and after the first year, I had a GREAT amount of pain relief.  It takes time to fully cooperate with your body. I rarely get bad endometrial pain anymore and when I do, I just take a naproxen pill (which is very rare)!"
"This is a fantastic medicine. I&#039;m 31 years old and have struggled with back pain since being about 25. Being very tall (6&#039;4) many of the issues were put down to my tallness. 
When the back pain started affecting my breathing I knew something more that being tall was a play. 
After a number of differing referrals, I was finally passed to a Rheumatology specialist who spotted my symptoms very quickly and suggested my treatment. It took over a month to get the test results and approvals but when I started treatment the results were within a week for me.
Now I have next to no pain and I have no real symptoms. 
The injections are uncomfortable but for 10 seconds of pain for 2 weeks of being able to move and breathe without being in pain is worth it."
"I had mirena from February 2015, to help with heavy bleeding (but periods were regular). After four weeks I started having unpredictable flooding episodes, with frighteningly huge clots, and quickly became anaemic. After six months the bleeding was if anything worse so I insisted the mirena was removed. Six weeks  after removal I am bleeding more often than not, but with less flooding and clotting. It will surely take a while for my system to adjust, to get into cycles again, after being messed with quite so dramatically. If my doctor had indicated that mirena might in some cases make bleeding worse, and become frustratingly unpredictable, I wouldn&#039;t have gone ahead."
"I am 55 yo. Had very hard time sleeping at night. Going to the bathroom 10-20 times a night. Due to my prostate problems. Tried Rapaflo. Totally amazing results. After first dose of medication slept through the night just like baby. HOWEVER absolutely no ejaculation. "
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 5-6 years now on a large dose of 800mh a night! It&#039;s the only medication that has worked for me. Sleep slot but my big main problem is weight gain! I went from 65kg up to 122kg in the years of taking it! I keep active and have a terrific diet I just can&#039;t seem to loose any weight so for me I&#039;m at a place of wondering if I should swap for something else and risk it. Fat and happy or thin and crazy?"
"Trivora was very effective in preventing pregnancy. However almost immediately after I began pack 1 I experienced yeast infections due to the high levels of hormones. The symptoms went away once I took some over the counter creams. I&#039;m currently on the end of pack 3 and I&#039;m getting off of this pill because I&#039;ve experienced bloating, stomach cramps and really really bad GAS! I&#039;ve never had a gas problem until I began trivora. So this gas cramping occurs during random times daily.. And it&#039;s a problem! So I can&#039;t wait to try something different."
"I thought I would share my experience with this type of birth control, being that I have been using it for the past seven years. 

 I was put on Implanon when I was 14, back in 2010. I bled, quite heavily, for the entire three years. For its convienence factor, I chose to use it again as my form of birth control when the three years were up. This time around, my periods were still heavy, but seemed to level out more. Now, I&#039;m on my third round of Nexplanon. This time has been the most stable period wise. For seven years, I&#039;ve been battling brain fog, anxiety, panic attacks and depression off and on. I&#039;m about to get this removed once and for all and just allow my body to detox from all of the years in hopes that I may finally feel normal."
"Been on this medication now for four and a half years with add back HRT. Slightly uncomfortable injection every four weeks (however the three month injection makes me ill) but considering the symptoms of stage 4 endo Zoladex is amazing. No periods, no pain and by taking HRT no menopause symptoms either. Have my life back "
"I&#039;ve been taking ondansetron ODT 8mg tabs for about 2 days due to nausea caused by a kidney infection. When I take the tablet it doesn&#039;t help and makes me more nauseous than I was before. I just took it a half hour ago to be sure, and I immediately became more nauseous. So I&#039;m pretty sure it just doesn&#039;t work for me, and I&#039;m wondering if anyone else has this problem?"
"It was okay at first. When looking for a birth control I have trouble finding one that doesn&#039;t make me anxious and hormonal. I need one that helps acne because I tend to break out. I also don&#039;t want weight gain. After several months of this pill, I notice about a 10 lb gain and I starting having weight really go to my stomach. I started feeling unstable as far as emotions. Also, I didnt have a period last month but I am not pregnant so it made me have no period and I&#039;ve been regular all of my life-30 years. I am switching to another. My Dr. prescribed Natazia. If that one is bad, I may switch to the Ortho Evra patch. "
"I suffer from Tinnitus, which causes me great anxiety.  My doctor put me on Klonopin 3 times a day 0.5 mg along with Ambien and Celexa once a day.  I feel so much better.  I am able to ignore the noise, and when I do hear it...it don&#039;t go into panic mode.  I am sleeping better than ever."
"I&#039;ve had serious anxiety since I was a teen. In the last 4 years (thanks to some random health issues) it has skyrocketed and life has become unbearable. Everyday I thought I was having a heart attack - despite stellar cardio results. Anxiety took full control of my life - mentally and physically. Xanax and booze (not together) work like a charm but I fear the addiction potential. My doc put me on low dose of Lexapro (5 mg) and within 48 hours all my crazy anxiety ended. Gone. I feel normal again - it&#039;s been YEARS since I&#039;ve felt this way. Small sexual side effect (long time to ejaculate) and slight weight gain but I&#039;m ok with that. Another side effect: my co-workers &amp; friends like me again."
"Been using this birth control for 8 days and I&#039;ve been bleeding like a waterfall the whole time.is this normal?"
"I was having a lot of anxiety over trying to raise my RAD (Reactive attachment disorder) niece.  I didn&#039;t feel depressed just anxious and had panic attacks. Her and I were in a power struggle. This med helped me relax and pick my battles and not get over zealous about thing. The bad thing is within 5 months I gained 15 pounds not changing my eating habits at all. The 6th month I tried to lose weight and could not so I went back and got on something else."
"They work well and don&#039;t cost as much."
"Zyrtec never helped my runny nose or itchy eyes but it eliminated about 90 percent of my hives, and for me, that might as well be a hundred percent. My hives came on gradually and worsened over the years. It got to the point where my skin burned and itched pretty much 24/7. When I started taking Zyrtec regularly I noticed immediate improvement. Before I had just assumed my post shave rash was normal but now I know it was my hives response."
"I&#039;ve been on Kineret (anakinra) for several years for Schnitzler Syndrome. No other medication gave me relief, except high dose steroids, but I was pain and hives free within a couple of days of starting Kineret and back digging in the garden and walking kilometres when I had spent the previous 7 years mainly in bed. It was on the PBS list but now my hospital pays for it on my behalf. No injection site problems or side effects."
"I&#039;ve used Flecainide for about 2 years now...the only episodes are when I forget to take it! This stuff is great!"
"I&#039;ve only been on Latuda 20mg for 2 weeks for bipolar depression. I&#039;m sure my doc will increase my dosage at my next appt this week, but I definitely felt better after a few days at 20mg. Not great, but better than I have in a long time. Kind of a strange feeling to feel a little better after feeling suicidal and depressed for years. I still take clonazepam for my severe anxiety, but I feel latuda can ease my anxiety and depersonalization more with an increase.
At first, latuda knocked me out and I slept like a baby. I have trouble sleeping, so this was a nice side effect for me.  Now, after almost two weeks at 20mg, this side effect has subdided. Bummer. So far that&#039;s the only side effect I&#039;ve had. No akathisia for now, thank goodness."
"lexapro helped me tremendously, it basically saved my life. I was horrified before I started, because of course I went online to see reviews and the side effects but all I got was bad experiences but mine has been amazing. I feel so much better, so much more free, like I&#039;m actually living again. I lost a little weight from it (which is a plus) and I feel great! I hope this helps for some people!"
"This medicine clears up bronchitis quickly and I give it two thumbs up."
"Doing this med now 4pm . Two rounds of one gallon. The other half at 5am for a 140pm appointment. Didn&#039;t taste so bad just fell bloated. Oddly it took over 2 hours to start. Took 8 oz @ 20 minute spans. Label says 10 but pharmacy said 20. Had chicken broth I made but after reading different schools of thought thinking the fat in the chicken broth could have held me off for the 2 plus hrs time frame above. Gatoraid orange and clear , tea , water , coffee . Afraid to drink any thing cause it makes me run to the bathroom. Have to drink though I believe cause as of 12am no more anything I&#039;m told. Its coming out a tad clearer now as of 845 pm"
"Horrible! I took one 25 mg pill 30 hours ago, and my heart has been racing ever since. I feel like I&#039;m on crack and can&#039;t sleep at all. This is the most miserable feeling. I called the pharmacist, and she said that Myrbetriq has a 50-hour half life, which means that it&#039;s still another 20 hours before even half of the drug will be out of my system. On the flip side, I&#039;ve had no overactive bladder whatsoever since I took it.

As soon as I recover from this fiasco, I&#039;m going back to Oxytrol Patch."
"I&#039;ve read many of the poor reviews, and wonder how many refer to the generic version of Topamax. I can&#039;t use the generic version - it simply doesn&#039;t work for me, and I do recall more side effects. However, the brand name drug has been a lifesaver for me. I suffered with chronic daily migraine for over a decade before being placed on Topamax, and NO other drug helped. I was on beta blockers, calcium channel blockers, every medication for seizure disorders, and talk about side effects! They were horrific! I could barely function at work, missed lots of time, and essentially had no life. Topamax has made a major difference. I now have many fewer migraines, rarely contend with chronic daily migraine, and I&#039;ve experienced no major side effects"
"I.V. form is a ten. Pill form about a 7 or 8."
"I take 10mg 11 hours before I want to wake up.  It helps me sleep through the night.  I&#039;ve always been a light sleeper.  I do not have problems falling to sleep, but in the last five or six years I wake up about every hour or so, once I&#039;ve been asleep more than 2-3 hours.  I was tired throughout the day.  This really helps me stay asleep through the night.  Not always, but so much better than before.  I&#039;m much more alert during the day.  I&#039;m taking a very low dose, and it is not very expensive.  My doctor noticed my symptoms and recommended I try this, as it is non-narcotic, non-addicting and relatively inexpensive.  I&#039;m in my mid 50s, and I thought I was just going to have to live with sleepless nights."
"I began the pill on 03/03/2017 when weighing myself again on 03/06/2017 I was already down 6 pounds with no diet or exercise. I have a very limited appetite, always a crave for water. As of today I have lost a total of 13 pounds. I started off weighing 253 now I&#039;m 140.7"
"I became extremely fatigued, depressed, and lost my appetite. While it slightly cut back on my vomiting, I would not recommend this medicine."
"These just don&#039;t help me at all and they claim that they are the same as Lortab 7.5 but they are wrong. Lortab help me much better than these do. If they are the same then why call them Norco and change the looks of them. Nobody is fooling the patients that have been in severe pain"
"This is my 2nd post to this site.  I have taken the pill for 4 weeks now and I am down 13 pounds.  I am very happy with my results.  It has cut my eating in half.  The weight loss is slowing down but I don&#039;t want quick results.  I just want to lose the weight.  I have 47 pounds to go.  It has cut my cravings for sweets.  I have a dry mouth but don&#039;t mind drinking more water.  I still give it a 10."
"I had this inserted in August. It is now December and I&rsquo;m happy to say I&rsquo;m getting this removed tomorrow! I had the IUD before this and had it removed due to painful intercourse so I thought this was the next easiest thing to do. WRONG. I haven&rsquo;t  experienced  bleeding but my anxiety is out of control. I&rsquo;m also now having to take blood pressure medicine due to my heart is always racing. I have little patience for my two year old which makes me sad. I wish I wouldn&rsquo;t of stuck through with like my doctor practically forced me too! I could&rsquo;ve had this thing removed at month 2! Can&rsquo;t wait to feel normal again. Do NOT recommend."
"Let me say since starting this birth control  I haven&#039;t had a period for 6 years, a little spotting here or there but nothing I was concerned about. I really liked it up in til now. This spring I have had a rash from the side of my temples behind my ears to around my throat. I have breast and nipple tenderness which hurts bad I have headaches more then usual. When my rash first happened I thought it was dermatitis so I went to the dermatologist which she proscribed me a higher dosage of hydrocortisone to try. Let&#039;s say it calmed it down but never went away. So I did a little more research on the web and found out it could be hormone imbalance from the birth control which totally made sense I looked up the side effects and it described me."
"I&#039;ve been on it for 7 years. Worked like a magic bullet at first. Reduced severity and intrusiveness of thoughts and obsessions. Helped with panic attacks, anxiety and helped me get back on track. However, I have constant FATIGUE. I&#039;m fat now. I have no energy. Can&#039;t get anything done.  I love that my OCD is better but I can&#039;t go on like this."
"I have been on Yaz for over a year now. At first it was great, my skin cleared up, my periods were regular, light and short and my moods varied only slightly. After about the first 5 months however, everything started going wrong. I have constant heartburn, I&#039;ve gained 10 lbs., I&#039;m tired all the time, my acne has returned and I&#039;ve been spacey and forgetful. Worst of all are my periods. The week before and throughout my period my moods are ALL over the place, I&#039;m irritable and easily upset which isn&#039;t like me. I&#039;m getting severe cramps, migraines and I get really nauseous when I&#039;m on my period, which are heavier now than they ever were and last usually about 8 days, last month it lasted 11! Everyone&#039;s different, but this isn&#039;t for me."
"Was prescribed this ointment by my GP after I suffered several bald spots on my scalp. I have no idea why they appeared as was not under stress at the time.
After about a week of using Elocon the hair started to grow back, the only thing being that it grew white. I have brown hair. After about 6-8 weeks the hair grew through with my natural colour. Couldn&#039;t be more pleased. Thought I may have to shave the lot off, but 6 years on, still no reoccurrence but kept a tube just incase."
"Hi, I have had this aggressive illness since the age of 20. I am now 31 and have been put onto cosentyx. I just had my first injection today and have had less pain and stiffness already. Given that i had tried every other treatment option this was the last form of treatment for Ankylosing spondylitis. No side effects as yet. Hope this treatment is the one. 

Regards,

Posso"
"Had to take it for 7 years due to abdominal and lung edema from advanced cirrhosis of liver caused by HepC. It works but affected my heart which IS a listed long term side effect. My healthy heart now has a a &quot;murmur&quot;.  Not good. If to do not really need this or any other drug then don&#039;t take it."
"I never had a problem with excessive underarm sweating until my second year of college. Then, overnight, my sweat glands went into overdrive. My dermatologist prescribed me Drysol and while it worked a little at first, I found it worked MUCH better once I started applying it with a Swisper cotton pad (as opposed to the toiled paper I had been using). Once I used the cotton pad, my underarms became red and irritated (It kept me awake at night) but the sweating stopped. Now my underarms are completely fine. I apply a little each night to be on the safe side, but I simply don&#039;t sweat. I can wear whatever I want without thinking about sweating through the material. For me, Drysol has been a Godsend."
"back on lexapro after a few years of not taking it. only been taking it for about a week so far and having little side effects at all. yawning a fair bit and feeling a little tired here and there but for me this is a good thing because i used have real trouble sleeping at night. nothing else other than that. no dizzy spells, no nausea, nothing!  if you are new to this or are reading reviews to see if you will be ok with lexapro than PLEASE give it a chance. you will be so thankful for it once you start feeling the benefits from it. as i said ive only started taking it again about a week ago so im not back to being my normal self just yet but i know its coming any day now with a positive attitude!"
"I am 4 years 9 months survivor of metastatic breast disease to bone. The injection itself is painful, but very few side effects for me. Tiredness, pain at injection site and sore throat dry mouth are most persistent side effects. Tingling and burning sensation on right side of injection site."
"being that I was 18 and  this was my first time being told I had and std I was obviously freaking out so I had gone on line and read all the possible side effects of taking this medicine and absolutely scared myself to death. I took the pills at around 4:00 pm and didn&#039;t feel anything until around 6 when I began to get extremely nauseous I paced back and forth for about an hour and it subsided I never got any sharp pains but I did have diarrhea for about an hour but all in all I had a great experience with this medicine!!"
"Do not use this. I was having awful itching, irritation and a little swollen so I assumed yeast infection and picked up the kit. After 4 days symptoms did not go away or even get better. Made ob appt and I had BV AND an outer yeast infection. So ladies just go to the ob and get checked. A lot of times BV and yeast infections have very similar symptoms. Next time I&#039;ll skip the kit and go straight to dr!"
"Stepped up to Norco 10/325 over about a 3 year period and have found it to be very effective in treatment of my low back pain. However, after a while my body does build up a tolerance and my doc recently also added tramadol. So far, so good. Awaiting an epidural block to get my legs back from pain.
I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects to note."
"I had almost a constant headache when I first had it in I gained 12 lbs in 2 weeks (thought it was water but it stayed). Not sure if I got depression or I just didn&#039;t feel right. Got it out yesterday..no more constant headache!"
"Work quite well for me. Obviously a little side effects but works for the pain. Everyone has different tolerance levels for medicines!"
"I have been on Cymbalta for 7months and it has changed my life. I have Ocd, GAD and severe anxiety over health and I havent felt like myself in 4 years until cymbalta. I do get night sweats BADDDDD but its something I have got used too. I take 60mg a day and I never want to get off it. I am a 26 yr old healthy mum and anxiety now doesnt rule my life... I do! :-)"
"Maxalt_MLT is effective is arresting a my migraine. It does come with a price. It makes me very sleepy and I tend to have rebound within 24 hours and require a second dose. I do think riding the migraine out would be much worse. It is a great medicine. Nothing else has worked as well."
"I started in February.... In march my face was HORRIBLE ... I literally began panicking around april l, some huuuge bumps came up.... I went and did alot of research and they said that was normal and its refered to as the &quot;purge&quot; phase. I download led the epiduo app to keep track of my face (it helps) i didnt see improvements till around june.... And its gradually gettin better... I use it every other nite.... And i spot treat after with a beta hydroxy formula. I would recommend u try it if u have bad acne and in need of smooth clear skin. I tried EVERYTHING before... So much money and products wasted. Pricey but worth it."
"I&#039;m on day 3 of zoloft I think I&#039;m going to stop I feel angry more depressed no motivation to do anything, feel like I can&#039;t handle my kids. Super dizzy and over it like 10x more suicidal then I&#039;ve ever been. Also kind of feel numb and like I can&#039;t think properly. 
Not a good feeling and I don&#039;t think its worth waiting it out..."
"I had been prescribed Percocet for a migrane that I had for 10 days. I was extremely sleep deprived and desperate to try something new.  About 25 minutes after taking the Percocet I felt extraordinary relief.  The best part was I finally got a good night&#039;s sleep.  This was a miracle drug for me with little to no side effects. I highly recommend Percocet."
"20 years ago I was diagnosed with hepatitis c genotype 1. So my doctor recommended the interferon treatment and it did not work and the side effects were terrible. 6 months ago my liver enzymes were really high and I went to the doctor and they put me on Harvoni for 3 months. I highly recommend this medicine because I am now cured and hepatitis c free. Fight with your insurance to cover this drug because I had to fight for it as well. Good luck."
"I have Parkinson&#039;s and a prostatectomy.  This medicine didn&#039;t relieve the frequent nighttime urination and caused negative mood changes (upset, anger) with swollen ankles and esophageal blockage."
"I started taking this pill about a month after having my son. Since I began I have had irregular bleeding throughout the whole month. And I&#039;ve gained about 15lbs in the month I was taking it. I was back to my prepregnancy weight of 125 before this pill. I absolutely hate it. Bloating. Weight gain. Cramping. This pill is a nightmare!"
"It&#039;s the best for back pain...absolutely the best!"
"I am 25 years old, and up to about 4 months ago I never had problems with headaches, of any kind. I finally went to the doctor after daily horrible headaches. She put me on Treximet. I have taken it once, and my headaches have resolved, knock on wood! I did have a strange tightness in my neck, but about an hour or so after taking the medicine, that had gone away along with my headache. I still have to have a MRI done, to be sure that there isn&#039;t anything else going on. So far, this has helped me resume my normal life."
"Been on Klonopin for 3 years.  Started with 0.5mg twice a day, but only took it in the morning.  Built up a tolerance and am now on 1mg every morning.  Anxiety is back and doc wants me to take 1.5mg to 2mg every morning.  Try to take an extra dose only when panic is close.  Afraid to keep increasing this medicine because I want it to work when I really need it."
"I have been on depo for about 7 years and am now just switching over to Kyleena (IUD). This was the best birth control for what I needed at the time. At the start I had severe cramps and highly abnormal bleeding. This was the ultimate lifesaver! After about 6 months of abnormal bleeding (this is very common when first starting depo), I stopped having a period all together. I would have given this a 10 if not for the more recent side effects I started experiencing. In the last year or so, I started experiencing a steady state of feeling down/low, easily agitated/quick to anger, and low libido. After some research I found other testimonials of people experiencing the same mood changes after being on depo for 5+ years. Only reason I&#039;m switching."
"I do not like the patch at all. I&#039;d used Ortho Evra version years ago in college, and the only downside was the constant tiredness and mood swings. THIS version of the patch has produced the worst body systems, ever. The constant gas/bloating, heavy periods with cramps that last over a week, constant hunger/weight gain, and the mood swings. I&#039;ve gained roughly 15lbs, but the kicker is that I do not eat a lot. I don&#039;t even have dairy in my normal diet and I do not eat fried food or junk food. It just seems like my body is packing on the weight, still. The only reason why I even gave it a 3 is because of the ease of use and not having to worry to take it. I am switching off of this soon."
"I recently started taking Mobic for my back pain. It makes almost all of the pain go away, and still allows me to be able to safely care for my daughter. The only side effect I have experienced is discomfort in my stomach after taking it, but it&#039;s much better than the back pain I was experiencing."
"I had panic attacks since I was about 7 years old when I was hospitalized with rheumatic fever. I was left in the hospital to long in a extremely high fever in one of hospitals in Europe... Because of that the bacteria spread to my heart with resulted with heart muscle infection and effected aortic valve. I almost died. Was hospitalized for three months. This happened on Monday. I was scared Mondays. Every Monday was getting panic attack which started with very fast heart beating. It actually felt like I was getting heart attack. Blurry vision. Very hard to live with such symptoms. I am taking Paxil 20 mg for 16 years now. I can live normal life! Get help. Don&#039;t suffer, go to your doctor."
"I take Birth Control pills as a way to calm and treat my cramps during periods. I noticed an instant improvement my first month: lighter bleeding and half as painful cramps. As time went on I noticed I had a rhythm of sorts and had a painful (but still less painful than before Birth Control pills) period once every three months.
At the end of a year of taking them I had a week off of pills and noticed my headache was gone so I switched to Zovia at my doc&#039;s recommendation.
I liked my Microgrestrin, though. A little bit of weight gain, cleared my acne, lighter bleeding and less cramps."
"I get yeast infections when i drink alot of wine. It usually works with a mild infection if you take it upon first notice  within 48 to 72 hours. But I feel relief in the first 24 hours. I also use baby diaper rash cream to relieve itching. This works like a dream. Desitin is the best. Just the regular strengt. Immediate relief! The pill does the rest. If you let it get too severe take 2 pills 2 to 5 days apart.  That works in 3 to 5 days. Abstain from Alcohol and food high in sugar such as soda and sweets. If the Diflucan doesn&#039;t offer relief in 2 to 3 days you might have Vaginatis a bacterial infection which sometime seems like a yeast infection and requires a different medication. Call you doctor."
"RCA blockage of 95% in 2007. 2 stents (medicated). Took Plavix for 8 months then discontinued on doctor orders. 8 months later I suffered stent thrombosis and the 2 doctors I saw in the hospital seemed surprised I had discontinued Plavix. Another stent was inserted and I have been on Plavix since. I jog or bike at least an hour a day, usually more. My GERD has gotten worse lately and I just switched from Plavix to Effient along with proton pump inhibitors in morning and evening."
"At my urologists suggestion I used Edex today. 10 mg dose and injected the entire tube. I had a solid erection in about 5 minutes and it lasted for 3 hours. It went up much faster than it went down. So, it worked. Unfortunately it became quite painful, so much so that intercourse would not have been pleasureable. Doseage can vary from 1-40 mg so I will try again with a 2 or 3 mg dose. 
I had my prostate removed 2 years ago and haven&#039;t had a woody until today. I&#039;m wondering if the pain is from the stretching of the tissues.  Some indication online that there is less pain with increased use. Viagra and Cialis did not work and I had crazy muscle pain with the later. So this is my likely last option."
"Was on synthroid for a year and noticed zero improvement. Got off it for a few years then started again and developed angina like chest pain out of nowhere when exercising. I felt tired and miserable as always. Begged my doc to Rx naturethyroid. After being on it 3 months I realize how much better I feel. No more waking up feeling like crap, no more muscle aches, no more fatigue. Headaches have improved drastically. More energy to work out. No puffy creased eyes when I wake up in the morning. Appetite is good again and I can eat what I want again while maintaining my weight just fine. I am 5,8&quot; and 135 lbs and only exercise twice a week but am able to eat 2000 calories a day, sometimes more, and have gained no weight. Just like old times!"
"Have completed 1 month on viibryd, but no change in mood. This weekend I will go from 20mg to 40. I was on highest doses of Lexapro, then Effexor, so might need 40 b/f seeing change. I&#039;ve come this far, so I&#039;ll stick it out and see what happens. Have had vivid, detailed dreams every night, but no nightmares. Did forget to take med 1 morning and had terrible day at work--extreme irritability, even anger. Took med when got home, and next day back to normal. Also experienced increased depression &amp; sadness when took med too late 1 Saturday. Whole time on med, have eaten less, but only feel like eating salty, sweet, and/or high fat foods. No interest in salad or veggies, which I normally eat. Hopefully that will change."
"I had extreme anxiety at first time intercourse with a new partner.  Mainly happened with girls I liked the most.  Read Paxil delays ejaculation so I asked doctor and gave it a try.  20mgs per day.  It works a little too well.  Effects do wear off, so I just use it when needed."
"I have been on Gleevec since 2/2006.  My white blood cell count went from 350,000 to 75,000 in less then three months.  I went into full moleculer remission by 2/2007.  Have the BCR-ABL blood test every 6 months and there is no more Philadelphia Chromosome since.  I still can get nauseated and once in a while vomit if I do not take my Reglan correctly or take Zofran with it, but that&#039;s a minor annoyance since this medicine saved my life.  I would have only had a 40% chance of survival if I would have had a bone marrow transplant.  This medicine is a 95% chance of survival and I&#039;m just about to that magical mark of 10 years on the medicine."
"I was on Lutera, and then I suppose they ran out because I started getting Aviane. No complaints though! I love this birth control. My sex drive has increased, my acne has almost completely cleared, it definitely increased my breast size by one cup, reduced my period bleeding and helped regulate, and I&rsquo;m able to maintain a steady weight. Also, I can lose weight super easy. The only downside is yes, I maintain weight, but I bloat A LOT! Not a huge deal, just kind of cumbersome. All in all, I really love this pill."
"I was ticked at first when TRICARE Prime refused to pay for the Nexium I had been prescribed when on Active Duty.  Tried the VA too and they said no too.  VA prescribed omeprazole and after two weeks of 40mg/day taken before two meals, I&#039;m fine!  No reflux.  OK so far.  Good because I like saving money."
"I&#039;ve tried this and am so glad. I&#039;m now on this one!"
"I have been taking Suboxone for 1 1/2 years now.  At first it was the best thing that ever happened to me. Now I want to get off it but I can&#039;t. I get dizzy all the time and have had mood swings. I get irritated really easily. My husband and I fight and bicker but 20 minutes after a fight I can&#039;t even remember what the fight was about.  I also read that this drug is not for long term use and can cause temporary psychological effects, which I think is what&#039;s happening to me. Try not to stay on this drug for too long."
"I have been taking Nucynta for about 1 1/2 years now for Fibromyalgia pain in my back. I started on the low dose of 50mg and that worked for a while but had to move up to 75mg. I think I may have to move up to the next mg dose again but that does not mean that the medication is not working. Over the years, my fibromyalgia has slowly gotten worse and I was not on any pain medicines for it because I did not know what was wrong with me. The only side effect I have experienced (besides the drowsiness for the first 2 weeks of taking the medicine) is being itchy. This is a medication that needs to be given the chance of at least 6 weeks before you decide that it isn&#039;t working."
"I&#039;m 37 and would not classify myself as having erectile dysfunction.  I was married for 10 years, was just divorced and am now dating a wonderful sexual woman.  I was not used to having sex daily.  I found it hard to maintain an erection after 10 minutes of sex (probably from the workout). I&#039;m 37 not 19, when I was 19 a wind could blow and it got hard.

That being said, I have taken Cialis, the key to this medicine is the daily use. Cialis hits you for 36 hours.  If you take 5mg daily, by the third day you have 15mg in your system.  So don&#039;t take 20mg daily or you will have 60mg in your system (overkill and not needed, you will likely get headaches and bigger side effects).

Great medicine."
"I am 39 years old and I have been trying to flatten my stomach ever since I had my last child 15 years ago.  I will admit I do love food!  I heard about using Phentermine from a friend of mine, and I thought to myself, wow this might actually be what I am looking for!  So I made a doctors appointment and she gave me a script for this on June 6th 2014 and I got it filled and started right away, I was told to start out using only half, so I did and didn&#039;t feel that it was working using only half so the next day I started taking 1 whole pill.  I can say that it was all good, and to date I have not had any side effects.  When I started using this medication I weighed a wooping 186!! and today 7/23/14 I am at 168, &amp; want to be about 140."
"My birth control got switched from Jolessa over to this horrible pill. I have been in constant pain for months due to agonizing headaches. I have them every day and they last or hours if not all day. I feel so fatigued, out of energy, and unmotivated. Not to mention excessive sweating and hot flashes, nausea, diarrhea, cramps, the works. It has caused my blood pressure to rise through the roof, along with heart palpitations. I&#039;ve never gone through so much pain every day in my life. Finally, my doctor is taking me off of it, after months and months of not knowing why I was sick. Don&#039;t take this pill. It&#039;s horrid."
"I started Contrave last Tuesday I weighed 211 lbs. I weighed in again yesterday and I have lost 6 lbs in 7 days. The first day I felt a little strange, like I was on a pain medication or something. I felt nauseous for the first couple days but that soon went away. The side effects that I have noticed now is; excessive sweating and major mood swings. Today I start taking two, one this morning and one this evening. We shall see how I do. I will check back next week. Good luck everyone!"
"Was on topamax 200mg 2x day for eight years. It cut back on my daily migraines. Went down to about 2-3x week. I lost 125 pounds in the first year I was on it. No appetite. Food tasted metallic, flat or just weird. I did get one kidney stone. After years of being on high dose, I started getting chest pain. My doctor took me off topamax about 7 years ago. I had bad withdrawals after weaning off, no seizures thankfully. Migraines have been daily again for last 18 months. Tried to go back on topamax but I can&#039;t tolerate it any more. After one 25mg tablet at bed time, I woke up with severe headache, dizziness and nausea. The next night I took one tablet and side effects were increased. I stopped. Side effects bad for two weeks. No thanks."
"I had to quit Ritalin, despite starting on a very small dose, because it gave me tremors and a &quot;wired&quot; (but not alert) feeling. The problems did not diminish within 2 weeks, and that was all I could stand."
"Works excellent if you haven&#039;t built a tolerance to it. After a few days of use you may find the medicine is less effective than it was when you first used it. 

Benadryl knocks me out quite quick when I use it, the only problem I have with it is that I tend to oversleep or wake up groggy the morning after, which is generally relieved with some sort of caffeinated beverage."
"Didn&#039;t work for me."
"Takes away anxiety fast."
"I have taken Adderall XR for 6 years now. I started with 20mg once a day and now I am taking 25mg twice a day. I had severe ADHD since I was very young and Adderall XR seems to have taken me out of a fog I felt for many years. After reading other postings I question If I am taking too much of this drug. I do not have any side effects, but I can definitely tell when it is wearing off. It seems I cannot wake up without it and my second dose at noon is never forgotten, or I will start to really drag. I&#039;m worried I am dependent on this drug and it scares me. Now it seems like the dosage is not as effective as I am very tired by 8:00 pm. Overall this drug has helped me tremendously with ADHD and depression."
"In 2 doses my pain was at a 2 and the use of my arms were at 90%."
"I&#039;ve been on lamictal for about a month now. I started on 50mg, 2nd week 75mg, and 3rd week 100mg at night. 1st 2 days in on 50 I felt borderline aggressive and very irritable. This evened out on the 3rd day and I began to feel very motivated and able to think clearly. I still experienced a few depressive episodes, but I hope to get onto an antidepressant once my dose is high enough. I&#039;ve began taking 25mg in the AM to slowly move up to 100 in the AM on top of my 100 at night. Since I have, my memory, attention, and anxiety have worsened and other side effects have been sweating, raised heart rate, some trouble sleeping, and slight photo-sensitivity. Most of these have subsided as I adjust so overall it&#039;s best to stick with it for a bit."
"I&#039;m writing my experience due to the fact when I was researching skyla I couldn&#039;t find very many reviews....my experience wasn&#039;t horrible yet wasn&#039;t the best I decided to get skyla in Oct of 2014 it was newly out I decided on it rather then mirena since skyla was lower dosed and smaller I haven&#039;t had any kids initially the insertion did hurt but wouldn&#039;t say excruciating Dr wrote for a valium before hand so that helped I&#039;m sure after insertion felt fine went to work didn&#039;t have any crazy cramps or bleeding all was good up until about 4 months in I started getting crazy cystic acne on my face and back never had acne before and started getting really bad sharp pains here and there so I waited skyla out for about 7 months then had it removed"
"I love this little guy! I can&#039;t take estrogen so my doctor recommended this to me. While the birth control pill is incredible, this rod really shines because of how it stops PMS and almost annihilates my periods! I have experienced no weight gain, irregular bleeding, or acne while on this. The fact that it has a 0.05% failure rate really helps me sleep at night. I had very little bruising after getting it inserted but there was a some pain for about 5 days afterwards. This wasn&#039;t a problem because the implant is inserted on the non-dominant arm. It is totally invisible besides the tiny dot on my upper arm that nobody has noticed. Playing with the implant is also something fun to do in a boring class!"
"I first got on Implanon after the birth of my daughter back in 2013, I&#039;ve always had anxiety &amp; I&#039;m young so I figured that everything was normal because many women have depression after giving birth, however, when I got back on the implant, (this time Nexplanon, in Feb 2016), I started feeling worse &amp; worse; panic attacks, dizziness &amp; nausea, now I&#039;m planning to have it taken out. It definitely did it&#039;s job so I give it 5 stars &amp; I also barely ever bleed &amp; no cramps or weigh gain, but between the lowered sex drive &amp; the depression &amp; constant moodiness, it&#039;s time for it to go."
"Taken for severe hives,  rash,  itching. Allergic to the world.  However it has also made my joint pain so much better,  places I didn&#039;t realize were that swelled up!  Now I&#039;m wondering what else is going on. Good experience this time around. Was on 60mg/day for 5dys"
"I have been &quot;sick&quot; with adrenal fatigue and many other side effects for the last 18+ months from this device."
"I&rsquo;ve been taking this pill for ~ 1 year and I can honestly say it&rsquo;s been a good experience in general. I had some mild breakouts the first couple months, but now my skin is mostly smooth apart from getting a few hormonal breakouts in the week leading up to the placebo pills. Extremely light and short periods, no spotting unless I forget and take my pill too late, no weight gain, and no decreased sex drive that I&rsquo;ve noticed. When I was prescribed this pill for my extremely painful cramps, I read the reviews for Junel and was terrified to start taking the pills, but I&rsquo;m glad I stuck with it!"
"I had shingles from my right index finger and thumb to the top of my head. I thought my arm would explode at times. Areas of skin on my arm and shoulder had terrible sensations. Lidoderm patches were a great help. I was taking 800 mg NSAIDS with no effect. Went to a pain management specialist who gave me 15 mg oxycodone every 4 hours, Lyrica, and these patches. Max 3 patches - 12 hours per day. The worst was over after two weeks. But the pain continues in my right hand - now 9 months. The Oxycodone at bedtime with a patch over the affected parts of my hand will let me sleep 6 hours most nights. The patch doesn&#039;t do it all, but it is a good assist. And it is not an NSAID."
"Excessive eating of chocolates  and other sweets can lead me to have a sore throat. I asked my friend what to take and so she adviced me to take nexium. After a week of taking this medicine, my sore throat was gone. It was so amazing. I just love it!"
"I haven&#039;t taken any birth control at all for almost two years since having my baby and I was prescribed Trinessa 3 months ago by my midwife. Periods are short and it has cleared up my skin so much which is awesome, however the bloating is terrible. I have always been a thin person and have never had any weight issues but my stomach is so fat and bloated it looks like I&#039;m 2-3 months pregnant. Decreased libido is the other negative side effect that I am experiencing as well."
"In the beginning, I was very skeptical about taking this medicine because most of the reviews I read were negative. Now, I honestly love it. The first week was a little rough due to the shortness of breath as well as the gasiness. Then I realized almost every medicine has some type of side effect until your body gets used to it after a few days or so. By the second week, I was fine. Before taking Amitiza I only had bowel movements every 4 or 5 days and sometimes it would take a week and I also had pains in my abdomen. But now I am going regularly and I feel much better about it. The only negative I have is that my insurance won&#039;t cover Amitiza."
"Omg!!!! My va jay jay is on fire!! Itching like a crazy. Don&rsquo;t use this stuff. So followed instructions as per the box. Starts itching things suppose to get worse then better - not this stuff. So looked at reviews and same symptoms. Rushed to the bathroom and was able to get the ovule out ... wash, wash, wash with cold water and this thing is still itching.  I had a vagisil wipe and seemed to calm things down a bit. I wished I had read these reviews before.  I would NEVER use this, and literally was in for about 10-15 min. Don&rsquo;t use!!"
"My oldest daughter had tons of live lice and eggs while my youngest appeared to only have eggs. We tried OTC and googled remedies without success. Went to the pediatrician and she Rx sklice which seems like it worked at first but now three weeks later there&#039;s STILL eggs visible on my oldest daughter&#039;s hair. Youngest is clear. I&#039;ve been combing out eggs daily up to twice a day and STILL she has eggs. Frustrating"
"Dr. put me on this and within 3 months my A1c went from 6 to 8.6.  Continued for 6 more months and blood sugars are high."
"I had HORRIBLE cystic acne on my chin - i&#039;m talking 20 huge cystic pimples on my chin at any given time - no amount of makeup could cover it up. It was causing me major concern and depression. 

My Derm put me on Accutane that worked fairly well (aside from bloody noses and extremely dry skin) but as soon as I finished Accutane, my acne came back with a vengeance. 

So I went back to my Dermatologist and she put me on Spironolactone. She  told me the pills could take up to 2-3 months to take any effect BUT here&#039;s the thing: it worked STRAIGHT away! I&#039;m telling you - I took 2 pills! One on Sunday then another on Monday and by Tuesday my pimples were almost gone! I honestly think this is some sort of miracle pill...it&#039;s changed my life."
"My Multiple Sclerosis treatment: 9 years in a nutshell:
Copaxone = no real side effects, no real benefits.
Rebif = craptacular side effects, no real benefits.
Tysabri = no serious side effects (the odd urianary tract infection, drowsy after infusions), ZERO relapses since I started it in April 2012 (previously had been relapsing every six months).
 
Tysabri is AWESOME!"
"I started this BCP because every month I grew cyst on my ovaries during ovulation which landed me in and out the hospital, I also suffered from moderate to severe acne, this birth control has regulated my periods, prevented the formation of cyst on my ovaries and I haven&#039;t had a breakout In weeks..the only down fall about this BCP is my increased appetite, but that&#039;s nothing that can&#039;t be controlled. My advice for those who seem to eat more while taking ANYYY birth control is to eat cleaner &amp; healthier so your not gaining weight. Simple as that. Also excercise to prevent and blood clots, and keep blood flowing. That is all good luck !"
"I&#039;ve been on Xanax for over half a year now and it has really been a life saver on a lot of occasions. If it wasn&#039;t for these Xanax&#039;s I think I wouldn&#039;t have made it through because it&#039;s like they save me from having a heart attack or stroke and dying or at least that&#039;s what it feels like to me. Thank goodness for this kind of medicines."
"Was so excited to try Effexor XL and did for the past 6 years.  Well, I didn&#039;t realize that it made me anhedonia, or without feeling towards a lot of things.  I just went on my merry way, but would do nothing....sat and watched TV, couldn&#039;t get anything done.  Everything was just Great!.....that is what I thought....then I started gaining weight......gradually, but I mean 60-70# over the past 6 years or so.....but just kept on eating.   Then I thought I have to do something about this.  I gradually took myself off, but WOW the side effects of the withdrawl was unbelievable.  My son told me never to do that again...and I told him see.....this medication has so changed me.....and I will never take that again....!Trying to lose this weight now"
"Great for birth control. I switched from Tri-Sprintec because of spotting. I have been on Junel for about 8 months now but have noticed weight gain and depression. Getting off of it and hopefully switching to something else"
"Do yourself a huge favor and stay away from this pill. I read all the terrible reviews and still went for it. I was previously on Microgestion for 6 months, it did me wonderful. When it came time to get my new packs, Planned Parenthood supposedly didn&#039;t carry it anymore. I was told Aubra was the exact same thing and wouldn&#039;t affect me differently. What a lie that was. Two weeks into my pack and I got my period again for the month. Third week and I&#039;m having terrible cramps accompanied with more bleeding. My appetite has changed, I&#039;m not eating much. Grateful I haven&#039;t experienced acne, mood changes, nausea or headaches. But don&#039;t even wanna chance it. Contemplating if I should throw out the pack or finish and just drop. DON&#039;T RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!"
"I&#039;m a chronic insomniac and have tried just about every medicine and remedy available. Lunesta 3mg works the best for me although after 10 days I no longer sleep through the night. I wake up after 3 or 4 hours but I can usually fall back asleep for another 3 hours which is better than not sleeping at all.  The only time I&#039;ve noticed the bad taste is when I cut a pill in half.  Don&#039;t do it!"
"I have been taking Benicar for four years with no noticeable side effects; keeps my blood pressure at 115/75 easily.  I had experienced negative effects such as leg cramps and severe dizziness with other medicines prior to taking Benicar.  I still monitor other aspects of my life that affect blood pressure - adequate exercise, proper diet, etc., but am happy this medicine is available to &quot;close the gap.&quot;"
"I tried the Afrezza system out thinking it was going to be great with how fast it works, not having to inject anymore, and not having lows (quotes from the sales person). How all of those points are so wrong. The product is awful. I had to inhale twice per meal ( which means I had to check my blood sugar more often) 2 hours apart. Plus I still had to inject for my long acting insulin. Also before I did my second inhale my BG&#039;s would be in the low 40&#039;s 2 hours after I ate, and then 1 hour later my Bg&#039;s were up in the 300s, since the insulin stays in your body for only 2 hours. My A1C before using it was 6.2 and after 1 month of using Afrezza (not Humilog) went up to 6.7. I highly don&#039;t recommend using this product."
"I have been on the Butrans Patch (20) for three weeks.  The results have exceeded my hopes after years of enduring chronic pain related to Fibromyalgia.  The relentless pain in my neck and back while sleeping has been reduced at least 90%.  I am able to make my bed, bathe, cook and do laundry most days.  I am more tired than normal, which is probably attributed to my increase in activity each day.  The negatives so far include moderate agitation and mild itching and irritation at the location site."
"I have been taking Temazapam for approximately 20 years with great results. The key is to take it sparingly, and no more than one time per week. I usually take it approximately one time every 10-14 days, and it works wonderfully. I normally go to sleep within 10 minutes and sleep 6-8 hours uninterrupted and wake totally clear headed and no grogginess."
"I&#039;ve been taking zolpidem now for a year, always get a good night&#039;s sleep. Those of you who take the Controlled Release have problems because that&#039;s the one with slow release, not good, I also break pills in half or quarters, something you can&#039;t do with slow release CR either. CR makes you wake during the night and causes all sorts of problems, sleepwalking, etc. Take instant release zolpidem, see the difference."
"I am 25 years old, 110lbs asian girl, and I had condom broke on Nov, 1st, which was on the 15th of my cycle. I had plan B the next morning 9:00am, but I was so worried because I might have already released the egg. I took the pill, no side effect at all. And I got my period on Nov, 10th. That was an unusual period, no pain and feeling at all. Then I got my second period today, Dec, 12th. I had pain and all the other reactions as my normal period. So I come here to review it: It worked for me! And I was really working hard and tried to forget about this thing to make myself calm down. So everything was fine. I want to say to all the girls visiting this web: don&#039;t panic. If plan B is the only action you can take, trust it."
"The first 2 months I took this pill I wanted OFF and a new OB. I had horrible side effects from nausea to paranoid anxiety. 
I&#039;ve now been on it for 6 months and love it. I have no side effects, no periods (continuous use) and I have endometriosis and NO cramping! It&#039;s a literal miracle.
I have had a 10lb weight gain, but I have also recently been diagnosed with fibromyalgia and have stopped working out where as before I attended Zumba weekly to bi-weekly. I don&#039;t know what to attribute it to for sure but I would say maintaining your weigh would not be difficult even if it was the pill.
If you&#039;re googling because you were just put on it and are freaking out, I suggest pushing through. This has worked miracles for me!"
"This is the first medicine that has gotten my face back to normal.  Thank you!"
"I have had the Mirena IUD in the past and it was super miserable experience. My Skyla was placed today with a little pain upon insertion with some spotting. I have absolutely no cramping and the bleeding has pretty much stopped. The best thing I have done since the Mirena would give me morning sickness and the shakes. Love it so far!"
"I have been on Klonopin for a few years now, and it really does work great for anxiety, but there are some long term issues I don&#039;t think people realize. Being that it is a benzodiazepine, it is very difficult to come off. You must be weaned off slowly. I was on 10mg a day. To treat for severe anxiety, definitely does that."
"I&#039;m 24 weeks an 4 days pregnant.. My doctor prescribed me this medicine.. I haven&#039;t had any side effects.. I&#039;m on the 4th day of taking it.. Everything going good..The only bad thing is the smell, I about get sick because of it."
"I&#039;ve been taking it since June 2015 and I have to say I became my old self. I&#039;m suffering from severe postpartum anxiety. But brintellix has changed my life for the better. I have to say I am completely more social now."
"Vimpat has been great for me!!!!!! No side affects, lower dosage than my Dilantin. So, can&#039;t say enough about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I have been taking Inderal since I was in my early 30&#039;s, 29 years ago. No problems whatsoever and it controls my premature ventricular contractions."
"The first night I took This pill I got the worst headache that woke me up, followed by severe nausea and vomiting. Hours later my left arm went numb and I had to go to the urgent care. It was so scary! If this happens to you- stop taking it!"
"So I just had a breast reduction 3 weeks ago, &amp; two weeks into the healing process I got my 1st UTI. I consulted friends of the pain after urinating &amp; they suggested lots of water &amp; cranberry juice which didn&#039;t do much at all. A few days later after consuming all that liquid my kidneys started throbbing. I couldn&#039;t take it, &amp; went to the doctors. They prescribed me Microbid. I&#039;m currently on day 3, twice a day with food. I&#039;ve experienced fevers, chills, constant abdominal &amp; kidney pains to the point of tears. Only thing that&#039;s stopped hurting is going to the washroom. I&#039;m on this medication for 4 more days &amp; hoping I recover soon. My body&#039;s under enough stress with the reduction/infection so I&#039;m hoping that this med will clear the UTI up"
"I have been taking Lithium, 1000g a day, for the past 39 + 1/2 years.  I always drink a lot of water daily, + wee a lot or course.  I have experiences tremours when water intake is low. I initially had hand tremor and some thinning hair.  I have been taking 2000g of fish oil for the past 15 years and have recently started epilim to fine tune my short manic episodes.  Lithium has been the saviour of my life many years ago after 2 manic episodes in one year.  I take blood tests yearly or every 2 years ( if I forget, )to determine effect/normality of the internal organs in relation to Lithium.  Resisting gambling, drugs ( smoking, ) and limiting alcohol has given me a lovely wife and seeing my now 2 adult sons grow up."
"So far, I&#039;ve taken this pill for a few days...I&#039;ve taken six pills and every night, I notice my face getting a little bit clearer. Even my acne scars seem to be going away! I&#039;ve had acne since I was 8, and I&#039;m 18 now, so I&#039;m very excited to notice the difference!
I have been having a lot of nausea, and I even had to call into work because I woke up one morning and started dry heaving....I thought I must have caught a stomach bug, but now I&#039;m pretty sure it was the pills. The nausea is starting to go away, and I am able to eat again."
"I started this 2 weeks ago when my period started. At first the cramps were crazy and random. The bleeding was heavy for the first 3 days but i was used to that with my normal period. After that everything is fine. I havent had any of the side effects everyone is talking about. The only thing i experience is hot flashes in the middle of the night. But those are better then having mood swings and everything else. I got the med to regulate my heavy periods and hormones and so far so good. i will let you know how next month goes"
"Im writing this because reading this same page is what ultimately convinced me to give birth control a try for my stubborn, cystic, HORMONAL acne. If you&#039;ve tried everything in the book for acne like I have, (antibiotics, prescribed antibiotics, every OTC cream and wash on the market, DIY...) and it&#039;s been as a relentlessly tiring experience- please try BCPs. After talking w my dr, she said that after a week I should see a difference bc thats when your body adjusts. After a week seeing not only no difference but seemingly worse cystic acne all around my chin (my number #1 problem area) I ended up back on here and countless other websites to refer to other people&#039;s experiences. And thank god I did- GIVE IT TIME!!!! That&#039;s the key to this."
"I just wish the bleeding would stop. It&#039;s light, but annoying. I took Seasonique before and I loved the comfort of having only 4 periods a year. I just hope I can make it long enough for this discomfort to end. I&#039;m on my third month and the bleeding started 3 weeks ago."
"My bf and I had unprotected sex on the 9th day of my cycle. He pulled out before he could come, but to be safe and sure I decided to take Plan B. I was able to take it 62 hrs after the incident (more than 2 days). I was worried because I waited for a long time but still it was within the 72 hr time range. Nothing much happened after I took it, I wondered if it worked. Just some tolerable cramps within the days that followed. My next period was scheduled  to arrive Aug 21 and I was worried if it will come or not. Thank goodnesss, my period came 2 days earlier (Aug 19th ). I was never so happy to have my period in my life."
"NEVER AGAIN will I take this laxative. Took one at 2pm, and when nothing had happened at 8pm I took another two. Woke up at midnight with the worst cramps I have ever had - thought I needed to go to hospital. Have been to the loo three times so yes, it works but I would rather stay constipated than go through this excruciating pain ever again. Definitely not recommended and not even a warning from doctor or pharmacist that it causes this severe stomach pain."
"For me Otezla is a wonder drug. My Psoriatic Arthritis has been non existent for 9 months now since I started taking Otezla."
"I started taking this pill and within the month my urine was much darker.  I thought I was dehydrated and getting pneumonia as I also had a cough.  I went to the Dr and they gave me Augmentin.  Suddenly I was vomiting multiple times a day and nauseous all the time.  After running blood tests they found my liver was &quot;very angry&quot;. I asked about the Sprintec and was told it wasn&#039;t a contributing factor.  After a month I quit taking it and immediately started feeling better.  After a liver biopsy I was diagnosed with Drug Induced Liver Damage.  Sprintec is terrible!"
"In 2008, I took phendimetrazine and along with diet and moderate exercise I lost 40 lbs in 3.5 months. The only side effect I had was occasional constipation when I didn&#039;t drink enough water. I didn&#039;t feel &quot;the energy boost&quot; like I was told I would. I loved it then! After gaining back 15lb (gained weight with pregnancy) and realizing my baby is now close to 3, it&#039;s time to get back into gear. Tried diet and exercise by itself with minimal results so I resorted to finding a weight loss clinic. I&#039;ve been on the extended release for 5 days and it seems to be different. It doesn&#039;t seem to suppress my hunger like the first time around. I am still taking it though, I will weigh in on Oct. 16 so hopefully I will see results!"
"Lamictal gave me two ulcers, failed a drug screen for one of the best jobs around (said I had PCP in my system), debilitating headaches and gained an immense amount of weight. I was hospitalized for attempted suicide and my doc got mad when I weaned myself off. Having said that, I know lots of people that has had great success with it. I guess it all depends on the individual. Not all bipolar cases are the same."
"I was on Yaz for 4 years for acne and pretty much had no problems. I did not experience any weight gain at all.  It may have made me moody on the angry side at times but I didn&#039;t find myself crying over nothing (I might have a short temper anyway). My acne did clear up but never completely, I have always still had a few pimples whilst on Yaz but I was happy with the level it was so I am not sure if it was Yaz or whether I only broke out due to stress in my final year of high school. Other than that it lightened my period and eliminated any cramps that sometimes were so bad I would vomit. I only stopped taking it because I was sick of taking it everyday and it may have decreased my libido. But everyone&#039;s different."
"As long as you follow the doctor&#039;s instructions when the time comes to ween off this medicine, you will truly feel VERY, VERY Little withdrawal symptoms, IF ANY! THIS MEDICINE SAVED MY LIFE (And my bank account now that I can actually care about that again). Not only did I go from spending $40 dollars(Easily) on either Roxi&#039;s, Oxy&#039;s, or Heroin per day to approximately $3.33 a day (for 4MG of SUBOXONE), BUT in my opinion THE GREATEST EFFECT is that I FINALLY feel like the OLD ME! As in the ME before I ever started doing drugs. I&#039;m happy, I&#039;m playful, and Witty again."
"Was prescribed this medication on Friday, August 28th of this year.  So it has only been 5 days since I first started taking it .  I have never been on any anti-depressant medication before.  Didn&#039;t know I was depressed until the doctor said that I was.  I went to him with complaints of stress (mostly work-related, some personal), weight gain (seems I focus on food and cravings a lot more these days, not to mention that I had a car accident on 4/03/09 and broke my neck, had to wear a halo for 3 months so that could also explain my weight gain of almost 30lbs), and difficulty falling asleep.  Side effects so far have been; insomnia, no changes really in appetite, and failure to have an orgasm! "
"Got nexplanon in August 2016. Have had on and off bleeding since three days after getting it. These bleeding spells would last from 7-14 days. I would be free for 3-7 days and then bleeding again. After first getting it was depressed constantly. I would cry if someone would pull out in front of me in traffic it was awful. After 4 months I went and talked to my doctor. He told me to wait it out til the 6 month mark, which I wanted it to work. Being I paid so much for the implant. So I did. It&#039;s been over 7 months and I just had a concerning amount of tissue and clotting. I want it out and now they want to play games. It has been awful everyone is different, but this has been a roller coaster. Now I&#039;m going to a diff doc to remove it"
"Advised to take capsules 20 mins before food. Is this common? Had 5 bouts of severe vomiting &amp; diarhoe in last 10 weeks. 9 mths on creon.  Any advice?"
"I am 36 yr old 5&#039;4 226 lb. Type 1 insulin pump dependent diabetic.  I was lost.  Nothing worked. I started Qsymia on 02/18/2013, the day after my birthday.  I needed help.  I had no will power.  So, after doing my research, deciding I had to make a change for me. I started Qysmia, a low carb diet, and joined a gym.  I am happy to report I have lost 22 pounds. I have many more to go, but I have also lowered my insulin in half, and am working to delete my other dependency on blood pressure and cholesterol medications.  Thanks Qysmia, you helped me get my life back. "
"This is the 4th colonoscopy I have had. I WILL NEVER PREP WITH MOVIPREP again. Tastes like moldy salt water with a twist of moldy lime. I literally gagged trying to get this down and yes I used a straw. 
It is expensive!
If you have an early morning appointment, you are up 1 a.m. (For me) to do Part 2. 
No prep experience is pleasant, MoviPrep is disgusting."
"I have Medullary Sponge Kidney Disease and pass around 100 stones each year. I recently used Flomax to help me pass 4 &amp; 5 mm stones that were in my bladder for 2-1/2 weeks and causing horrific bladder spasms. There were many times that I screamed and cried as I urinated. I was on strong pain medicine, but it didn&#039;t touch the bladder pain at all. I began taking Flomax and while the spasms didn&#039;t stop, the pain was more tolerable, and I passed my stones, 3 stones at once (2, 5, &amp; 6 mm). I have trouble swallowing pills and capsules, and I wish Flomax came in a chewable or liquid. Otherwise, it works well with few side effects--only some mild dizziness. I take it as needed. My insurance refuses to cover it because I&#039;m a woman."
"I fall asleep at the drop of a hat and experience sleep paralysis.  There are times I know I&#039;m supposed to be awake and I simply can&#039;t wake up.  Adderall helps so much.  I&#039;ve taken it for about a year, however, and it is wearing off.  I hope to find a substitute that will help me stay awake soon."
"I was put on Topamax, but the generic version about 5 yrs ago for migraines. The weight loss was phenomenal when I took it like I was instructed. It decreased my appetite tremendously. I did have tingling in my hands &amp; feet for a while &amp; was a little foggy, but nothing too bad. I actually didn&#039;t attribute these effects to the Topamax until reading others account. I went from 220 to 180 lbs in under a year. I stopped taking it about 3 months ago because a friend complained that it made her hair fall out &amp; that she was feeling mentally ill so I got scared &amp; stopped. Now my appetite has really picked up. I&#039;m going back to the Topamax because my hair never fell out or anything &amp; I didn&#039;t feel mental. Everyone reacts differently to different med"
"Its the only product that works.  I&#039;ve tried everything from sinus surgery, to all the sprays to shots.  Only this gave me relief."
"I started Saxenda 0.6 on 8/23/17.  It is now 8/28/17 and I&#039;m down almost 5 lbs.  I have increased to 1.2 because the side effects were going away.  I have noticed I am only eating about half as much as I used to eat.  I never feel hungry.  I did feel hypoglycemic one day, but ate something and felt better.  The side effects were not too bad, bloating, a little nausea.  I am optimistic about this drug.  All the others I have tried gave me terrible side effects."
"I had sex with my boyfriend on the 25th of February and we found out the condom had broke. I was terrified and was stressing all night. We had sex around 8:30 pm and I stressed all night and finally took the pill 18 hours later. I had light brown discharge 3 days after taking it and  I was unsure what that meant. It went away and I was stressing for so long... my period finally came today on March 22. LADIES I&#039;m telling you it works, take it within 24 hours and you should be fine! I would&#039;ve wanted to hear this as I was freaking out!! Always make sure you use protection and have a backup!"
"I was prescribed 50mg of Spiro a day with topical Tretinoin Gel (19 year old female here). I started noticing improvement in my acne after I introduced that topical gel into the equation (so I imagine that the topical caused most of the improvement). Two weeks after starting Spiro, I started noticing hair all over the sink and a ton in the shower drain. I experienced tightening of the throat on and off after a week (a subtle annoyance, not super severe) and didn&#039;t attribute it to the Spiro, but eventually I realized my voice sounded very deep, unacceptable as I&#039;m a singer. I had no idea this was a side effect until I looked up Spiro side effects and it explained everything. I stopped taking it after this and won&#039;t go back at this dosage."
"I have been on Klonipin for 15 years now 1mg up to 4 x day and this has been a godsend.  It really works for me, I suffered from severe panic attacks, I couldn&#039;t leave the house, I just knew with every attack that this time &quot;I really was dying&quot; and then my family doctor said lets give this medicine a try and immediately I was in control again.  None of the drowsiness or side effects as with Valium and Xanax, just no panic attacks.  What a life changing, wonderful medicine this is.  What I don&#039;t understand is when we have moved and had to change family doctors they always felt it was necessary to try and change my medication. The Dr. always ends up putting me back on the Klonipin because it works wonderfully.  For me its a lifesaver."
"I was waking up tired, everyday, gaining wieght like crazy. I thought for sure it was my thyroid. I went to the dr the beginning of June, had blood test set on the fact that it was my thyroid - nope! It was just my eating habits, June 6, 2016 I wieghed 296#s the heaviest I had ever been. It was my own fault, i never felt full. I talked with my Dr. about a lot of differwnt options long story story short... now November 12 i am under 240# and I have control of my eating habits. I have not noticed any side affects other than feeling great and wanting to make healthy choices, sleeping better, losing and chaning my life. Thank you Qysmia and Dr. Cambell"
"I have been using Enbrel for almost 5 years now, but before I started on it I was almost pushed into disability because I was not able to do my job anymore, now I am about to turn 48 and I am thinking about taking up golf again, which was the first thing that I had to give up. Enbrel gave me a few more years to enjoy my life and not have to think about using a walker or worse."
"My last hope! Catastrophic!! So much acne and blackheads (which I never had) after 4 weeks with soolantra. Worst worst experience ever. So, so sad!"
"The medicine works rapidly and the 5mg daily dosage is still effective for me after several years of treatment. There&#039;s only been a few occasions that I&#039;ve experienced any side effects after the first few initial doses of medicine. The one I experienced most was sleepiness. Otherwise, I take one pill every evening at bedtime and I&#039;m fine until the next dose."
"I&#039;m at the end of my fourth day, taking the medication twice a day for 10 days. I&#039;ve never been more sick from an antibiotic. I do believe this medication works. Symptoms seem to be clearing up. However, I&#039;m on the verge of throwing up constantly. Body aches. Fever. Pretty much flu like symptoms. I can NOT wait until this is over."
"This is the only nasal spray that I&#039;ve used over the last 25 years. I hope the product never gets discontinued.  It is effective with minimal side effects.  I don&#039;t leave home without it - ever.  It&#039;s a good product.   As with all nasal sprays, overuse will get you addicted.  Just use it twice a day as directed and it will be effective."
"I was very nauseous and vomited and felt like I had the flu throughout the therapy. I was warned that I might get diarrhea but fortunately I didn&#039;t. I got a second endoscopy done and a biopsy to see if the medicine worked, and...it was unsuccessful."
"I have been on Contrave full dosage for 2 months and I have lost 20lbs. I am not binging and my appetite is under control. It seems to have changed HOW I eat and WHAT I eat.  I previously bolted my food down and drank in gulps, I now take small bites and chew my food, it is as if my body cannot handle the scarfing. I am able to drive past fast food restaurants without wanting to stop and binge. I am typically no longer hungry at night. I am also trying to help the medicine by exercising and not fighting it by attempting to continue down the road I was on before. It has also helped my mood, I seem to have more energy and no longer feel the need for naps. I hope it continues to prove successful."
"I&#039;ve been on quite a few medicines the last 14 years. Zoloft, Prozac, Paxil, Wellbutrin, Lexapro, Xanax combination, Effexor to name a few. My doctor started me on Viibryd a week ago I&#039;m on 10mg and tomorrow I start the 20mg. So far this pill has been a lifesaver. I haven&#039;t had any side effects that many people speak of. I heard you got to eat with it and the key is protein because it helps the pill absorb into your system. I&#039;ve been very happy and positive but not too happy as some pills will do. So far it has been the best depression pill I have tried."
"I switched to this pill from a higher dosage. It still did NOT work for me. I had terrible acne which I never experienced before. I am actually still trying to get rid of it now, and I have sadly scarred. Terrible mood swings, no sex drive at all. I came off it after about 3 months because the side-effects were too bad for me. The only plus was that I did not gain weight, and I am glad I am finally getting back to normal even if I do have the acne scars."
"Very helpful for knee osteoarthritis"
"Was on this for about 6-7 months. This pill doesn&#039;t directly cause weight gain, but definitely made my appetite increase. Gained 10lbs, had anxiety, swollen breasts, and no real period. "
"Works very well for contact dermatitis etc., better than any store bought cortisone. One rash I had for years was cleared in 1 use. Now I use on occasion at first signs of re-occurrence. I had some conditions that it did not help.  If it does not clear in a week or so, get the doctor to do some kind of test to find out whats really wrong (most likely virus or fungus). 45 year white male.  No obvious side effects."
"I&#039;m starting my 1st week of the 3rd month on trisprintec. First month my period was on time with 3 days of additional spotting. Finishing up the 2nd month now and I have been bleeding for over 2 weeks!!! First it was light, then heavy (on time for expected period) since the expected end date I have had light bright pink or red spotting for 9 days past my period. Besides frustration, I&#039;ve had cramps throughout and felt feverish at times. I&#039;ve also experienced bad migraines and fatigue. I&#039;ve never had this level of symptoms with BC before. I was off of BC for a year and this is what I get for trying to get back on it....beware!"
"I took 1 100mg Macrobid at 12pm today for a UTI. Felt bad around 6, so I went to lay down. Around 9, I woke up with extreme chills to the point my teeth were chattering (I&#039;m a very hot-natured person), horrible muscle cramps, nausea, fever, and even hallucinations. I seriously thought I was dying. Thank God my mom called the pharmacist and he said not to take another. It&#039;s 12am now, and I still have a fever, and a horrible headache and body aches. AFTER ONE PILL. Don&#039;t take this medicine, y&#039;all. It should be banned. I feel like I was poisoned."
"I took this medicine while I was pregnant, it was difficult in the 1st 2 weeks. I had a lot of anxiety and I went to sleep really fast but after that the medicine worked perfectly and I was very happy with it. My baby was born full term and very healthy but now I&#039;m nursing and I had to stop taking Latuda, that was a bad idea. I feel horrible right now, I need to go back on the medicine."
"I started taking this because my doctor insisted in me trying something after many failed programs after I read most of you guys reviews I gave it a try and the 1st day I felt weird as hell had a tingling feeling on my left hand and a headache from hell but after my 2nd day it&#039;s like I don&#039;t feel a thing maybe only a headache but ibuprofen took care of that. I would tell anyone scared to try it give it at least two days. And I believe you&#039;ll love it. I&#039;m starting out with 266 pounds."
"I had the MIrena IUD inserted three days ago, had it removed today.  I&#039;m 60, post menopausal, taking compounded estrogen and progesteron.  Due to uterine lining thickening and a polyp, OBGYN did a D&amp;C a few weeks ago, recommended the Mirena IUD to prevent further lining build-up.  
  The insertion was easy.  I was told to take 800 mg of ibuprofen 1.5 hours before insertion, felt no pain, very mild cramping after, no bleeding.  The first night I felt anxious, kept waking up.  The second night I couldn&#039;t fall asleep, finally fell asleep around 3am, fitfull sleep.  Third night, no sleep until 5am.  I&#039;m very sensitive to meds, have the same problem with predensone and anti-histamines."
"My experience was HORRID. I got the Implanon as a 18 year old, it made me moody. It made me BREAK out with cysts. I got it in July of &#039;12 and got it removed in December of &#039;12. Not to mention, I gained back the weight I had lost the year prior. It was hell. But.... My doctor convinced me to give it another shot so I got it May of &#039;16 and got it removed today! When I was on it, I was moody, depressed, spotting for three months, not to mention gained the weight I lost while being off of it. 

I would recommend for you to do Your research. If you&#039;re sensitive to hormones, it is NOT worth the money. My friend has the same thing, she has no symptoms and it&#039;s a breeze for her. For me it made me into a grumpy Shrek. Therefore, I would never get th"
"This medicine is wonderful! My 9 yr old has been taking 5mg once a night for almost a year. Total turn around! The only side effect we have is increased appetite and weight gain. I do worry about his blood sugar...but the changes are seriously unreal!"
"First treatment to effectively stop my heart burn and reflux in more than a year."
"I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in January of 2012, I tried several medications prescribed by my doctor but nothing helped, I got to where I couldn&#039;t even get out of bed, couldn&#039;t even turn a door nob so I was a prisoner in my own house, I started taking Prednisone three weeks ago and feel like a new person, no pain at all anywhere. I don&#039;t care about any side effects, just to be able to live normally again is worth it to me. For now it has changed my life for the better."
"Took the pill 10 hours after unprotected sex, 1-2 days before ovulation, according to Clue, but you can never be sure! Used withdrawal method but wanted to be sure.
I didnt have any symptoms at first, but after a week and a half, I experienced mood swings and depression, a bit of acne, back pain and cramping - all of the symptoms I have in PMS, but more severe. Hormonal bomb! My period was late 8 days and I was petrified and stressed to the max, bought a test and it came out negative. Got my period that night!!!!! (9 days late, a bit heavier flow) STAY CALM GIRLS AND USE PROTECTION!!!!!!!!!"
"Worked at first to bring heartburn/acid re-flux under control, however I had to stop taking it because it started causing severe stomach &amp; abdominal pain. Now control through diet &amp; Tums EX. The pain from the Protonix side effect was terrible when it started happening."
"My wife started getting non-stop dark and intrusive thoughts. Diagnosis was psychotic depression or atypical bipolar depression with psychotic features. 

She took Latuda for three weeks, and it simply didn&#039;t work at all. The only thing good I can say is that she didn&#039;t suffer any side effects. She went from 20mg to 60mg."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about two months now and I&#039;ve experienced weight gain, extreme mood changes, and irregular periods (which may be because I just began taking it.) So far it&#039;s done its job, but the side effects taking a toll on my body are no longer tolerable for me personally."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 2 weeks now ,I do get nausea ,my eye sight is very blurry, I&#039;m always tired my  sugar levels are normal ,I also get lots off random pain in my feet this medicine is totally horrible I won&#039;t be taking it anymore !!!"
"This was the first birth control I ever tried and let me tell you my experience was horrible. I constantly felt like I was going to throw up and at times I did. I also felt like crying about everything. I wasn&#039;t myself at all so I changed birth control pills to Microgestin and everything has been great. I have been on them for about a year now."
"I was sure I was ovulating when the condom broke, but I took Plan B 9 hours after the incident. I read on the Planned Parenthood website that if you are ovulating or have already ovulated, Plan B has no effect in preventing pregnancy. Luckily, I got my period on the exact day that I was supposed to. I rated 10 stars because if taken before ovulation, it is very effective as it mainly works by delaying ovulation. However, during or after ovulation it&#039;s not clear that it works to prevent pregnancy. I didn&#039;t get pregnant, and it may be because Plan B did it&#039;s job in preventing implantation, or it could have been because I was not actually ovulating. It is difficult to tell when exactly you are ovulating. Don&#039;t freak out just yet. Good luck!"
"I just want to add that after the absolute HELL involved with METHADONE WITHDRAWAL symptoms I have experienced over the years trying to get off many times over a 30 year period, I have went 8-10 days with NO SUBS at all and I can say with experience and absolute honesty, the WD symptoms with SUB WD is truly nothing compared to methadone WD. No comparison whatsoever. An article in my local newspaper from a Doc who dispenses SUBS claims it non-addictive. Nonsense, but I agree if you want to get off it appears like a walk in the park."
"Had all of the requirements - PD-L1,  90% effaced,  did not have the tumor mutations,  1st line of defense.   Bought in to the &quot;wonder&quot; drug hype and it FAIL MISERABLY.   Cancer metastasized.   Now being treated with chemo and responding but it&#039;s too late"
"I tried Sumavel Dosepro for the first time approximately 3 months ago.  It does take away about 80-90% of the headache pain, but am left with a &quot;sinus&quot; feeling  headache that really hurts when I cough, sneeze or bend over, which is typical for me for a day after a migraine.  The injection sting feels a little like being snapped by a rubber band.  It didn&#039;t feel extremely painful to me. I do get a fairly intense burning sensation mostly along my scalp but to a lesser degree across the surface of my skin as well. My arms feel very heavy and it was frightening at first.  My biggest problem is that I get intensely sleepy and for about 20 minutes I feel like I&#039;m operating in &quot;slow motion&quot;."
"Best medicine to open your ears and sinuses when they are really congested. I have tried everything. The name brand is great but the store brands or generic brands can cause rapid heart rate even though they say that they are supposed to be the same they are not."
"After using metoprolol for 2 months not only did my blood pressure not go down but I had side effects that warranted my discontinuing it. I developed a pervasive cough and a sensation as if I had fluid in my lungs."
"DAY 8 - sore throat and minor headache. Had quit day planned for day 8 but had some craving and smoked 3 cigarettes. Still very proud of myself and have pushed quit day back a couple of days... still hopeful."
"I started Nexplanon June 2015. I had spotting for the first 2 weeks, 1 period is July and haven&#039;t had another one yet. I don&#039;t feel any more anxious than before but I have gained 8 lbs so far. I love it other than the weight gain. Hopefully that stops"
"This medication is NOT effective....why...because it can&#039;t work if no one can afford it!"
"I absolutely would NOT recommend. After I took this Med, my nose was so stuffed up I could not breathe through it. I do have anxiety and this med  took it through the roof!!! NOT a fun experience!!!"
"I like SAMe it keeps my mood even and I have arthritis and anxiety. Have had pain remission ever since starting SAMe over 8 months ago. I take it with Super B Complex which is recommended to keep homocysteine levels even . It works great as a mood elevator. Love it"
"I found tramodol to be very effective in controlling my back pain.  I was able to use the minimum dose for the most part, but knew that I could take another half pill if the pain was more severe, usually in the morning.  As the pain decreased, I did not feel the need to take the medicine as often, and was able to get off of it easily. I could function well while on this drug at the minimum dose."
"Took the prep @ 5:30pm. Taste not bad... but definitely use the lemon slices. Then did 16 ounces of Gatorade followed by 16 ounces of water.  Make yourself Comfy on the toilet.... I&#039;ve been here the last 2 hours. It comes on quickly so I wouldn&#039;t risk it.... unless you wanna be poopy pants too. Overall, not bad at all. Easy prep"
"Like many other reviewers, I too was switched by my pharmacy from Aviane to Orysthia. I decided to give it a try because my doctor said that they both had same ingredients and made by the same company. I never experienced any side effects from Aviane, even when first taking them. Since I&#039;ve been switched to Orysthia, I&#039;ve experienced all the unpleasant side effects: nausea, massive weight gain, (95 lb to 101 lb) breakouts and major mood swings. "
"Went to the hospital due to the horrible effects of alcohol withdrawal. Misery was the state I was in. Shaking hands and cold sweats were just part of the problem. I was given Librium. Anyway, I felt as if the gates of Hell was lifted off of me. I almost instantly felt better. I was given 2 capsules (50 mg) every 6 hours on Day One and on the fourth and last day, 25mg every 8 hours. This medication was a life saver for me. It took all the miserable effects of alcohol withdrawal away as far as I&#039;m concerned. I highly recommend this medicine for alcohol detox. The alternative is hours upon hours of Hell. You don&#039;t have to go through that. Take my word for it."
"Had one of those tricky cold sores where there is no tingling or burning, it just up and shows up out of no where. Showed up as a single blister around 10pm and I knew there was nothing I could do except ice it until the morning. Continued to ice all night in the hopes that it would not get worse and went to the doctor first thing in the morning. Took 2 pills in the morning and 2 pills at night and it is essentially gone, two days later. Never broke open, never crusted. Just kinda disappeared, all because of this little miracle pill. Definitely worth going to the doctor for - hopefully one day it will be available OTC!"
"I&#039;ve been using this for about a month and a half. No sign of a period. But I&#039;m breaking out on my chest and back. My breasts have gotten bigger and are nice and firm, which I love. But I&#039;ve gained about 8 pounds since I started it. It&#039;s especially noticeable in my stomach. "
"Extreme anxiety and feelings of fear following 50 mg dose of sertraline, taken for 5 days only.  I stopped due to persistent nausea, retching and diarrhoea,  leaving me unable to eat or function. Now on Prozac which has less severe gastric effects"
"I&#039;ve used monistat 3 before and it worked really well! This time I opted for monistat 1 and was VERY disappointed. Shortly after inserting the pill, I began to experience what I can only describe as the worst burning itching pain of my life. The pain eventually went away but has been coming on in spurts and it has been 3 days since I began the treatment. I do not recommend the one day treatment, but for me the 3 day worked very well."
"Started taking 50mg. Experience has been great.    I used to be too fast to the finish.  My wife loved the results.   So let me tell you this stuff WORKS only did effect was blue vision"
"After a month of taking 37.5mg of venlafaxine a day I began to experience palpitations, breathlessness, fast pulse rate and other unpleasant but less serious side effects, occasional staring spells, jerky movements and strange sensations in my neck and head. My GP told me to discontinue the drug straight away. I&#039;ve been off venlafaxine for 2 weeks, although the breathlessness eased after a few days I&#039;m still have fast pulse(over 100bpm), palpitations and an overall unwell feeling with aches/pains and strange &quot;turning&quot; sensation in my head which leaves me feeling spaced out for a minute or two after. My mood is currently worse than it was before taking the medicine."
"After my mum&#039;s death my doctor put me on this and it was a life saver. I took largest dose 120 mg. It helped me deal with her death and not stay in bed. I also found my arthritis from previous yrs never bothered me anymore. Body aches gone. I did wean myself off medicine after almost 3 yrs. But all body aches and pains came back. I am looking in to Going back on it for body aches."
"I suffer from cervical spinal stenosis. I had been on 4 a day Vicodin for 2 years. I wanted to get off this desperately. Recently my doctor prescribed gabapentin. I have now been on it for almost two weeks, and now have more mobility and range in my neck. For years it was hard for me to drive and look over my shoulder, left or right. Since being on this I am now able to look right or left almost 90 degrees without the pain I used to experience. I will say the pain or &quot;feeling&quot; is still there but not near the pain it used to be. Being on the medicine for only 2 weeks I have noticed it &quot;wears&quot; out in between doses but doctor informed me the increase in milligrams will help with that!"
"I have had the worst experience with this pill. My face, chest, and back are CONSTANTLY breaking out. I&#039;ve never had this problem until my doctor switched me to Cryselle."
"I have excessive underarm sweating and I thought I would give Drysol a go which is an over the counter medicine here in Canada. I was hoping that it would work and I could wear clothes instead of putting on jackets in the summer. On my first application I dried my armpits and slowly applied it around my armpit and only noticed a little tingling sensation at first. During the night it itched a little bit but nothing too bad, the next day I noticed I was still sweating so I thought it would work the next day. On the 3rd night I applied it my armpit started to burn really badly, it burned to the point where I couldn&#039;t sleep all night and I was still sweating like before. "
"I have been on Trinessa for a little over a year, and since I am not pregnant I would say its doing it&#039;s job. The cramps that I used to have sent me home sick, and my period lasted 15 days once! However, when I first started on the pill I would get this strange really subtle nausea. Its subtleness almost made me feels worse, but that went away."
"I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq for one week. My extreme sensitivity to Meds of this type has been long proven. Knowing me well and willing to work with me my Dr has me on 25 mg Pristiq in the morning with food every other day. I&#039;ve had ups and downs this first week but am trying to stay positive. I have moments of feeling well and hope they continue to expand. I hope I don&#039;t have issues with every other day dosing causing withdrawal in between doses. I also have discovered that drinking coffee with Pristiq heightens my anxiety."
"I have been taking Lotronex for nearly 10 years (before and after it was pulled from the market). I&#039;m male in my early 50s and have had irritable bowel syndrome since early childhood. Lotronex has been remarkably effective at controlling diarrhea and reasonably effective at moderating pain and intestinal cramps (though I still take dicyclomine) to help with that.  I was taking 2mg Lotronex a day with virtually no side effects. Occasional constipation but stopping the medicines for a day would fix that problem.  I recently cut back to 1/2 mg a day because my new insurance will not pay for it because I&#039;m not female (maybe I should have a sex change operation).  If you suffer from IBS-D and have not considered Lotronex you should definitely talk to your doctor about it."
"I am a 57 yr old female who had a heart attack and a stent put in. I was prescribed Bystolic along with Norvasc to treat my hypertension. I didn&#039;t feel too bad at first, but after about a month on Bystolic (which my insurance won&#039;t pay for, nor does my local hospital have it to give to me when I am admitted). I had dizziness, low heart rate (41)and feeling like I was going to faint. I am uncomfortable taking this drug as the above mentioned symptoms caused me to be hospitalized 3x since the heart attack, and even had to have another cath to check the stent (which was fine). I will say it did keep my blood pressure low but the side effects hinder my quality of life."
"I have ERD - Emotional Regulation Disorder (aka BPD, Borderline Personailty Disorder) 
&amp; C-PTSD - Complex Post Tramatic Stress Disorder...OMG has this medication helped, I had so many symtoms with the two disorders I would of been better off in hell, afraid to go places, thought people were looking at me, paranoid, agoraphobic, lived in the house like it was prison a pure hermit, had to get girlfriend to cut my lawns, afraid neighbours were looking at me and judging me, pure panic and low self esteem, if someone emotionally or physically hurt me i would explode with rage and really do damage to them, scratching my head till i was leaving bald pathches and biting my nails till there was nothing left, self harm to escape the emotional pain."
"Almost completed Rx,6tablets to go of 12 weeks.Occasionally l have a burst of energy but effect so subtle probably imagination .Very few side effects but headache related to an increased BP,mood very flat at about 8 weeks into Rx,Mitraxepam prescribed took 1at night which helped ,will cease these next week.BP meds also increased which lowered BP this doing away with headache. How blessed are we in having a Govt that cares to allow us a cure for free"
"I had a very pungent odor and was diagnosed with BV. I was a little skeptical about clindesse because oral clindamycin and me do not agree. However, I inserted the clindesse before bed and the next day the odor was not existent. I haven&#039;t had any side effects so I&#039;m a fan or this product. If you don&#039;t have insurance, it can be a bit pricey. So just go online and print or download the coupon card."
"This is amazing. Never had sores until in my 20&#039;s and the first outbreak and several after that were horrifying...entire top and bottom lip covered in enormous sores at least ten on top and ten on bottom. I couldn&#039;t eat or drink unless from a straw it was that bad.I couldn&#039;t leave the house or people stared like I was a monster. Got an rx for valtrex and if I feel the tingle I take 2 pills then another 2 pills 8/12 hrs later I forget which it is, and I immediately dab abreva on (always with tissue I never directly touch the sore) and continue to apply it every few hrs as it states on package. Usually they may look like a tiny pimple and thats as big as they get then they just disappear. Valtrex alone doesn&#039;t help me I need abreva too. Great stuff!"
"I had my Implanon for a year now and I love it. I spot here and there I haven&#039;t had a real period. I have gained some weight but I rather gain some weight then have another baby. I recommend this birth control to pretty much anyone."
"I have been on this pill for a year now. I went a while without a period just constant spotting. Well, I can&#039;t tell if it&#039;s an extremely light period or just spotting. It&#039;s not enough blood for a tampon or pad but a liner. I hate it bc if I do want to have sex, I have to act like I have to pee right before just to make sure I&#039;m not bleeding. I&#039;m on my last pack &amp; then I&#039;m done with it. I also was on this pill due to high bp &amp; horrible periods. I&#039;ll take my risks at not taking this anymore!"
"After I started taking this I was glued to this web site reading everybody&#039;s positive feedback to give me hope. I had been on it a couple years ago and it worked very well but stopped as life improved with little side effects. A couple years went by and life took a turn for the worse. Going from being very comfortable financially to almost homeless and loosing everything I had including my wife I went to get help. I can not explain in words how horrible I felt. I was in such a dark place this time I had my doubts it would work but it has. I am starting to feel better after a week and a half and hope it continues. I have tried many different anti-depressants mentioned here and none of them worked. Cymbalta saved my life!"
"I have excema that will randomly occur only on my palm, fingers or toes.  I fought with it for years and never found any relief until I went to the dermatologist and he prescribed Clobetasol Propionate.  I apply a thin layer at bedtime during outbreaks and my symptoms are gone overnight if I apply the medicine in time.  If not then it takes a couple of days but this is the only medication I&#039;ve found that relieves my symptoms!"
"Hi I was on cymbalta for 6 weeks  gained 17 lbs.  I started back to Effexor. Have lost 4 lbs in a week of coming off cymbalta and going back on Effexor. Cymbalta made me retain fluid. I was miserable on cymbalta.  Rheumatologist wanted me to try cymbalta so I gave it a try for fibromyalgia    I went through a little electric feeling for about 3 days coming off cymbalta. Can anyone tell me what else is good to take for the fibromyalgia pain. Effexor seems to help some , but still having some pain."
"I was on the pill for 6 months, and this was my first time taking birth control pills. For the first month or two, I found myself feeling nauseated quite often, but I suppose that was just my body getting used to it. And for the first month, I spotted for 1 day and I didn&#039;t have my period for the whole time I was on the pill. Before taking birth control, I often got severe menstrual cramps, but with no periods on the pill, I had no cramps at all. One bad side effect was the feeling of being bloated..ALL THE TIME. I also had some weight gain as well, probably about 7-10 pounds in 6 months. I got off the pill a month ago and my periods have started again so I&#039;m sure it was the pill that caused my lack of menstruation."
"I never slept throughout the whole night. I asked my Dr if there was anything I could do, I was irritated about everything everyday due to lack of sleep. Luckily my Dr. prescribed the medication to me. Now I sleep peacefully through the WHOLE night."
"After spending a co-pay of $65 on this medicine, I couldn&#039;t even keep 1 pill down! Soooo disappointed because I felt awful from the flu and I spent so much money on this medicine, yet it would instantly cause me to feel nauseous eventually leading to vomiting."
"I have been on Januvia for 6 months. My sugar levels are great. No side effects. It makes me feel not hungry. I was taking Amaryl once a day and metformin twice a day, plus Diovan for blood pressure. Now I am only on Januvia. I started going to the gym and eating healthier, I now have lost 60 lbs. Personally it is the best medicine I have found."
"Only been taking Orsythia for under a month and it was perfect at first but towards the end of the first month my stomach always hurts, like it feels like it&#039;s bubbly or you could say hungry. Loss of appetite as well, eat half my food and then feel like throwing up. I hope these are the only problems I have or I will switch to a different one."
"I starting taking this birth control because it allowed you to still have a period every month. Previously, I had been on a BC that only allowed a period every 2 months and I don&#039;t think my body liked that. However, I stop taking Generess and got an IUD. After I stopped using Generes, I have had the worst cystic acne on my face and body. I have been off of the pill for over a year and I still have terrible acne problems. It has gotten better over time, but it is still bad. I wish I would of never been prescribed this pill."
"My son has been using this drug for about a month. He has had no side effects at all. His face has cleared up well from what it was. The acne hasn&#039;t totally gone but it&#039;s less severe now and not as red as it was."
"I give it a six because you don&#039;t have to worry about it and it&#039;s good for three years, quick and painless procedure, not getting pregnant, it&#039;s pretty beneficial for a person with a hectic lifestyle.
However, I instantly became depressed more than usual. I can tell I&#039;ve lost some energy but nothing drastic. I haven&#039;t gained that much weight but I also haven&#039;t been on it more than a few months. I&#039;ve also been constantly spotting which doesn&#039;t bother me that much because it doesn&#039;t get everywhere. I just coexist with the mild blood, I would probably recommend this to another female but just warn her about the crappy mood swings."
"At first, I had horrible sickness with the tablets. I started them the day I got them because my doctor insisted I did so my pneumonia didn&#039;t get worse and the first two days were awful. I had the urge to be sick about ten minutes after taking the tablet and it would last mostly all day/night. I couldn&#039;t keep my food down so I lived off water, and then the sickness wore off and I was fine for the rest of the time taking them. My pneumonia has cleared up quite well and to be honest, the tablets smelt great and didn&#039;t taste all that bad. They have a lemon sherbet smell and taste to them. I did also experience a dry mouth and a nasty taste in my mouth a while after taking them, especially in the morning after sleeping."
"I have been a chronic combination binge/maintenance drinker since I was about 20. I have quit drinking many times for a few weeks, and even six months on two occasions. But nothing, including AA and Campral, worked to keep me away from alcohol.  After five years of asking my wary doctor to prescribe Antabuse, he finally did.  I have been taking it for two weeks, every morning when my head is clear and logical thinking is in top working order.  That is the key for me, because later in the day is when I would normally start to entertain the idea of drinking, as a &quot;reward&quot;.  I have had no side effects, and am going to continue taking Antabuse.  It simply removes the option to drink, at least for people who are not self destructive."
"Well I have been on Victoza for 6 weeks and estimate a weight loss of about 20 pounds maybe a little less.  I did not even know this was really for weight loss and that was why the doctor gave it to me.  But hey its working.  I don&#039;t have a goal except to wear a pair of Men Speedo Bikini Swim suit.   I know sounds funny but If I can get to 250 and with my height I will look good in them.  My trip to Asia with the wife is in November so wish me luck.  Oh and it is helping my A1C"
"Very effective, no drowsy, no dizziness, no body itching."
"I have been treated for depression for 15 years. Went through all the SSRIs and SNRIs. Finally got a new doctor and went back to the old-fashioned MAOI antidepressent parnate. This is a miracle drug that has given me energy that I have not had for 10 years. But I cannot sleep for more than 4 hours a night, compared to 14 hours on the old medicines. Ambien is successfully treating this side effect of parnate."
"I take Lyrica since 2007 and managed to lower the dosage to 100mg. It&#039;s what allows me to live a normal life. I associate the mood changes and somnolency to the amount of pain I feel more than to the drug it self. Fortunately I can get it cheaper then in the beginning. I hope the generic comes soon!"
"I am 19 years old an have been on Jolessa for a little over seven months now. I have had no problems with this contraceptive, except for the obvious when being on an antibiotic I had spotting. I have always had headaches and migraines growing up which is also a side effect to this contraceptive, they go away easily if I just drink plenty of water when I take the pill. I get most of the side effects which are exactly like my usual period symptoms and they only happen the week before or week during my period. Which is exactly how it was before I was on Jolessa. I was put on this because of over heating, severe cramps, heavy bleeding and shaking from my periods. I have none of these side effects except heavy bleeding, other than that all good"
"I have been on Contrave for two weeks, and am down 12lbs. It has absolutely taken away my cravings for fatty food, and also that glass of wine I craved after work each night! The only side effect I have had is constipation, but taking a stool softener has helped that a lot. This is the only medication I have ever taken that has actually done what the description says it should. I couldn&#039;t be happier with my results so far. It is a little pricey, but to find something that actually helps in my weight loss battle, it is worth it to me to cut back in other areas."
"I was diagnosed with osteoporosis and after 6 years of taking this drug my last bone density showed no osteoporosis!"
"I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, major depression, and panic/anxiety attacks. I have had PTSD most of my life I just didn&#039;t know what it was. I have been in and out of therapy for 15 years now. My psychiatrist has put me on all kinds of combinations of medications. Right now I am on 40 mg of Celexa once a day and 2mg of clonazepam 4x a day. I have been on Lorazepam and Ativan but they only work a few days. I was on Xanax for many years and it worked great, my dosage kept going up, I was taking 2 mg 4x a day and still had anxiety attack. I am now on clonazepam and have been for most of the last 12 years. Occasionally they will stop working and I am put on Xanax after 2 months they stop working and I am put on clonazepam again and they work again. "
"The Doctor gave me Nubain when I was in labor with my second child. It worked so good I slept through contractions that were off the chart. I had a pain free labor thanks to Nubain."
"I got my first implant in January 2014 and it&#039;s definitely effective as a birth control. I can definitely say I did gain weight but it&#039;s a combination of becoming less active and metabolism slowing down with the birth control. The only downside for me was that I bled for 2 months straight after I got it. Not crazy heavy bleeding. More like the lighter end of a period. Then then they just stopped which was actually what I was going for. I got it more for the reason of hopefully stopping my normal period which was usually about 8-12 days every month, very heavy, with cramps so bad I&#039;d usually have to sit in a hot bath for an hour to help. My normal periods actually caused iron deficiency. Not everyone has a bad experience with Nexplanon."
"This is my third month on this pill and so far it&#039;s really good. I have not experienced an bad acne or weight gain. My periods are much less painful I don&#039;t have to take any painkillers during my period now! (Sometimes I took 2-4 Aleve&#039;s a day to stop the pain). I haven&#039;t experienced any nausea or discomfort and I rarely have mood swings now."
"I have had Implanon for about a year now and at first yes, my body did have to get used to all the hormones. At first I was a little tired and cranky. But as time passed my body seemed to adjust. I spot every once in a while but its not bad with a panty liner. I also have not gained any weight with good eating habits and a little workout I am healthy and have lost ten pounds since being on the birth control. I agree it does make you a little cranky but that comes with all hormones. I agree with most others when I say Implanon was the right decision for me. But hey everyone&#039;s body reacts differently."
"Thank you for this medicine when chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting gets to its worst. It acts quickly and sedates me well. It is also good to have on hand when undergoing invasive medical procedures, I take about 90 minutes prior. Don&#039;t get hooked because it will stop working for you. If you need this for nausea, rely on it as a fallback medicine when Zofran does not work."
"Was prescribed Tylenol #3 after double tooth extractions. The pain was handled well. Dosage on the bottle was for every 6 hours, but was told. again by the dentist, that I could take it at 5 hour intervals if needed. Was only prescribed 14 pills for short term use only. Served it&#039;s purpose well. After 2 days, all that was left was soreness from the procedure, and that was handled with over the counter Aleve."
"Okay, I had a mild YI and almost didn&#039;t take this stuff because of the horrifying reviews. So, for three weeks, I tried probiotics, apple cider vinegar, a yeast cleanse supplement, oregano oil, coconut oil, and eliminating all sugar (even fruit). I definitely recommend this method for weight loss, but the YI remained. While contemplating sticking a clove of garlic...up there...I realized I was being ridiculous, and it was time for modern medicine. 

Day 1: inserted the cream before bed and prayed that fire ants were not about to populate my nether region. I felt...a warm sensation?...for maybe ten minutes...then RELIEF! The next morning (upon standing up) resulted in a mass exodus of cottage cheese and medication from my nether region (sorry, if you&#039;re googling this, you&#039;ve already seen worse), but zero discomfort. 

Day 2: same - no warm sensation - just relief. Less of a dramatic morning stand-up, but a smaller yeast evacuation. 

Day 3: no signs of YI

Day 4: no signs of YI - debating stopping the medication, but it is seven-day for a reason. 

Day 5: YI is a thing of the past. What&#039;s yeast? 

Day 6: taking the medication is now a superfluous yet instinctive part of my bedtime routine. 

Day 7: FINALLY"
"I started this pill about a year ago. I was on a couple other birth control pills before. This pill made me gain a bunch of weight, frequent breast pain, and horrible cramps. My emotions are always out of control. I eat healthy and workout at least three days a week and shouldn&#039;t be gaining all of this weight. The bloating when on my period has gotten dramatically worse. I would recommend not taking this pill. I am in the process of getting a different pill."
"I got the Implanon on September 3 2010 and so far I have had mood swings like crazy and had my period for 1 1/2 weeks (normal for me is 3 days) and spotting for another week. My libido has been revved up. So far I think it is okay...but with the whole libido boost and the constant unprotected sex...wondering how likely I am to get pregnant."
"I have not had any problems with Sprintec and I have been on it for 3 years. I used to have horrible cramps that would last days. Once I started Sprintec all that stopped immediately. My periods are normal and I feel so much better. About a month ago I stopped taking Sprintec and we are relying on other forms of birth control. I have not had any side-effects from stopping the pill. I have had a great experience with this pill and especially for the cost I would highly recommend it."
"I was on Ritalin for years until my doctor put me on Vyvanse. Vyvanse kicks in &#039;quietly&#039; and lasts longer."
"After reading many reviews I have to say I was very nervous to start Viibryd. I started on a day off from work. The first 3 days I had a slight headache and very slight GI issues. After taking Tylenol my headache was relieved. Definitely recommend taking with food. I just started week 2 at 20 mg. So far so good. No headache or GI upset. No interruption in sleep patterns so far. I feel very calm taking the medication. I will be excited to see what week 3 brings. My kids and husband thanks Viibryd already!"
"I have had restless legs syndrome for years. In the beginning it was a problem at bedtime. Over time it started everytime I was sitting for more than a few minutes. I couldn&#039;t do anything comfortably. Driving, reading the paper, going to a movie, flying, church, watching TV. Clonazepam has worked well!  At first it was perfect and then I started experiencing restless legs right after I took it at night. I still do usually, but it is not very intense and doesn&#039;t last long. The medication holds it off the rest of the time. Occasionally I&#039;ll have a mild attack while driving or something. It&#039;s not very often and not nearly the intensity it was before clonazepam."
"I have my first yeast infection and it was suggested to me that I take Monistat 7. I was told it was the best and would make sure that I didn&#039;t have it by the end, versus 1 and 3. I read reviews and was REALLY worried, but everyone that I talked to said that they didn&#039;t know anybody who has a problem. Well let me tell you what......I sure had a PROBLEM! After putting on the cream for the night I was writing in pain/itch. It was so bad I could feel myself wanting to cry. It was HORRID!!!! I told the people who suggested this to me and they had NEVER had that experience. We&#039;re thinking the formula changed. I&#039;ll be going to the Drs on Monday."
"We have a senior American Brittany Spaniel who suffered panic attacks.  We gave 1.0 mg alprazolam in morning and 1.5 mg in the evening. This controlled his controlled the attacks.  The dog has some motor function side effects at effective dosage that takes the form general clumsiness, however the serious panic attacks are very rare now."
"It makes me wake up with lock jaw."
"To all the ladies reading the reviews and stressing out stop. This pill is very affective but stress will delay your period even more. Mine finally came today 9 days late. And I took the pill on day three after the &#039;accident&#039;. I just kept stressing and stressing having parsley in tea and taking in lots of vitamin c and cinnamon paranoid. Reading reviews all day. The incident happened like 5 days before my period was supposed to start so this waiting game seemed like forever. My friends kept telling me to relax but I felt like I was going to die being 18 and all with overprotective parents. It was my first time and it didnt happened all the way but my friends told me about precum so I was terrified. Having bad cramps right now and bleedin:D"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 10 years now and it&#039;s been great up until about a year ago.  I&#039;m 33 year old now and have experianced depression and angry mood swings a week prior to my period. 1 week after my period I experiance increased libido, 2 weeks after I break out, then the cycle repeats all over again. I have never had acne, not even as a teen. I believe that my hormones are just changing due to aging and I will speak to my doctor about slightly increasing my estrogen level through a different pill."
"I am 18 years old got the Mirena about 4 weeks ago. When I first got it inserted it was very painful. After the next two weeks, I received my period at first, it was just spotting. Then my full blown period. On my period I experienced severe pain, heavy bleed and acne. Hopefully the pain goes away after my period ends."
"Let&#039;s be perfectly clear on this: the condition designated as opioid-induced constipation (OIC) IS NOT a recognized medical condition, it is not in the PDR. 

It is nomenclature that has been synthesized by AstraZeneca purely for marketing purposes and intended to be used to enhance selling points for their new pharmaceutical Movantik.

"
"Have been taking this for situational anxiety for many years. It worked to some degree but I would always feel depressed afterwards which was awful. Last year I used it daily up to 1.5mg while I was changing my anti-depressant. This was a huge mistake. I soon reached the tolerance and began to get rebound anxiety which started up every morning. I&#039;ve been off of it for 10 weeks now and still suffering. This is really hard to come off of. My advise is don&#039;t take this more than once a week and that may be too much. My anxiety is so much worse because of lorazepam."
"I  was on antibiotics and after finishing the dose I noticed it started to give me a yeast infection. I used the Monistat 3 day insert right before bed. Within a few minutes hell hath fury on my vagina! It&#039;s like the devil clawed and shot flames in my vagina then doused it with alcohol. I was so miserable and itchy. I didn&#039;t sleep much and had to lay on my side all Sunday. Walking even hurt and it was still burning like hell all day long. I read the ingredients on the back and there&#039;s a few flammables in there no joke. I will never use this product again. whoever developed this must be a sadist. DO NOT USE!!!!!"
"People, be careful with Ambien. I was put on Ambien 10 mg back in late 2014, I recently stopped the medication told turkey. It&#039;s been a week since I quit, I have been having severe withdrawal. Nightmares, night sweats, and frequent urination are the most occurring symptoms I have been dealing with. Doctors seldom tell patients about drug withdrawals, which is why I am suffering from these problems. So, be careful before you take a new prescribed medication."
"I had to switch to Portia cuz that&#039;s my Insurance &quot;generic&quot; brand. Felt the &quot;Usual&quot; nausea &amp; fatigue thought it was normal, until I have been having stomach pain on my left side like if I had air, more gassy, low sex drive (thought it was the summer heat but not that), tired and back pain. I feeI like a fatty mc fatty. Feeling worse and worse each time. So going to decide no longer birth control to clean my body out of toxins and if I get blessed with a baby bump then HEY its meant to be. :) Aside the fact it does help not having a baby. Which that is what is suppose to do. OBVIOUSLY"
"I started taking Sertraline I&#039;d say a year ago. It seem to mellow out the depression and anxiety I was having. My doctor said we&#039;d try it out for 6 months then ween off of it. Once I got off of it, my depression and anxiety came back. So I started back up. It really helps keep me motivated during the day. I&#039;m currently taking 50mg a day. If I forget to take it, it&#039;s night and day!

I do feel like it wears off around 2:00 PM. I have to wait to talk to my doctor about taking a second dose in the afternoon. My only concern taking a dose in the afternoon will cause insomnia. Also, it&#039;s really killed my sex drive. I feel like I have to really force myself to want to have sex now. Has anyone else dealt with this problem, and how have you fixed it"
"This D2 saved my life; I was having so many problems with my digestive issues, acids, bloating, constipation, IBS, nausea and pass-out feelings, fatigue-anemia symptoms, etc.. and now everything is gone. At first I was worried about 50,000iu pill for being too strong, but please trust me, the first 24hrs of the very first pill was the best day of my life in 4 years; it was a good decision to take this pill and I recommend everyone to go for it. I am not an expert, but definitely there is a very good reason why our doctors prescribing D2 instead of over the counter D3 supplements, and I am enjoying it and thanking my doctor in my prayer every night."
"Been on it 20mg now for 3 months. Seems to be working. Got to be careful bending over and coming back up quickly, lightheadedness. Also the &quot;lisinopril cough&quot; is kind of annoying at times."
"This medication has virtually eliminated my 12 year old son&#039;s (almost daily) migraine headaches. He has had no significant side effects and it has greatly increased his quality of life and ability to succeed in school."
"I have only been using nuva ring for 5 days... I have not been sick in any way.. or had mood swings.. ive noticed I have alittle nore energy to get things done around the house. My sex drive I believe has increased a tiny bit... already was high but I haven&#039;t had sex yet since I have had it in due to my partners work schedule.  I do feel blowed everyday n I get pains in my stomach here and their like period cramps but nothing to intence. I so far do really like this birth control.. I hope it makes my period leas painful and... I haven&#039;t gained or loss any wieght or I have not braken out in acne or anything although I have never had that probelm.. so for now I would recommend it to anyone but if I do have problems I will change that rating!!"
"My 14 yr old son has been on Vimpat coupled with Keppra and although it is not recommended for children, it has given me peace of mind.  He has been seizure free for over two years.  Side effects appear to be minimal, he does have short term memory loss, like walking into the kitchen and forgetting why he came in there.  He especially forgets chores, but I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s because of the medicine or because he is just a typical lazy teenager."
"I take Nortriptyline 30 mg at bedtime for facial nerve pain brought on by shingles, Post Herpetic Neuralgia.  The medication helps to stop itching, gnawing pain and electrical firing.  The one drawback for me is the constant obsession with food, mostly carbohydrates.  I&#039;ve gained weight and have negative sexual side effects, but hey,  I&#039;m not in pain.  It would be nice if there was another medication that worked as well as this medication for the pain, but doesn&#039;t have the side-effects."
"Prescribed Lodine following Cortisone injections in knees and wrists. Within 1 week after taking Lodine 200mg b.i.d., began having neck pain, sensitivity on head and scalp and severe pain in shoulders and unable to raise arms.  Felt acutely ill. Severe pain, muscle wasting and extreme weight loss and ms. weakness. Swelling in left leg and pitting edema in left foot and right hand. After discontinuing the Lodine, the swelling went down. Even had  vascular scan while taking he Lodine.  Lodine almost killed me."
"No side effects whatsoever, and completely cleared the virus in 8 weeks."
"I had 2 different nexplanons in my arm thru a 4 year period. This is why I regret ever getting the nexaplanon. 
1.) It made me have awful acne
2.) the hormonal changes made my hair thin and cause great hair loss.  
3.) it made me a CRAZY BEEOTCH and very irrational.
4.) I would spot all the time
5.) I had scars in my arm from getting the first one removed.
6.) Made me gain a lot of weight.
7.) Made me depressed.
Its not worth it. at least for me."
"HORRID. Weight gain 130lb to 165lb, I&#039;m 5&#039;3. Night sweats. Ice cold hand and feet. Severe dizziness, blurred vision. Constipation. Diarrhea, nausea, headaches, rapid pounding heartbeats edema, achy legs that wake me up they hurt so bad. Can&#039;t concentrate or focus at work. Black out while driving. Felt like was going to faint at work."
"I&#039;ve never been on birth control, but decided to try lilletta since our insurance covers it. I got it inserted 8 weeks after having my daughter. Sex was painful for both my husband and I. We had to get the strings cut and the iud fell out and had to do it again. I&#039;ve been bleeding for almost 6 months now off and on. This birth control is very annoying"
"I have been on the patch for about four months now. My biggest complaint would be the weight gain and the acne. Previously I was on the pill and have tried the Nuvaring. The pill made me too nauseous and I forgot to take it all too often. The Nuvaring just didn&#039;t suit me. I love that I don&#039;t have to worry about this birth control but once a week. I will say that each time I change the patch I do have a day of nausea. I also have minor irritation of the skin wherever I place the patch. I itch pretty bad some days more than others. I find that putting it near my shoulder blades avoids any tugging on the clothing and the lint issue."
"I am a junior in high school who was just diagnosed with both severe ADD and ADHD. I go to a pretty good high school where I achieved around a 3.2 last year (generally get a 3.6 but last semester of my sophomore year I got like a 2.7). After I got on Vyvanse my GPA went up to around a 4.0 and I am in mostly honors and AP classes. Although I was always thought to be smart and nobody ever denied that, they would say I was lazy and unorganized and simply didn&#039;t apply myself. Now I get A&#039;s without effort, my teachers love me, I hardly have to pay attention, and I also have a love for school/my subjects that I didn&#039;t have before. I am now excited to go to school and function on a much higher level. I would most definitely recommend Vyvanse."
"My infections have not been simple cases of uncomplicated UTI, they progressed rapidly into Pyelonephritis. Levaquin should not be the 1st med prescribed for various UNcomplicated infections (think &quot;Resistance&quot;) nor should providers refuse to prescribe it. I understand the FDA black box warning, I accept that risk. Problem is, we can literally &quot;google&quot; any drug and find every possible side effect to convince ourselves that the medication is to blame. Yes, Levaquin can be riskier (elderly, drug interactions, etc.) I&#039;ve fortunately only had diarrhea (most antibiotics cause this-Google that) as a side effect. My doctor recommended taking probiotics along with an antibiotic, and it helps. Google that, too. Levaquin isn&#039;t evil."
"I am 22 years old and recently got married.  I am so glad that I waited until after the wedding to start Loestrin.  The side effects have been horrible.  I knew there were some possible negative effects, but I seem to be experiencing them all!  I have gained weight, am extremely tired all the time and cannot ever seem to get enough rest.  Also, I have absolutely NO motivation.  I have lost interest in everything, including my husband!  I have ZERO sex drive.  I am constantly depressed and have severe and uncontrollable mood swings.  "
"I am a 28 year old female diagnosed with Bipolar 1, Generalized Anxiety Disoder, Panic disorder and Agoraphobia. A little over a week of taking this medication in conjunction with Lamictal and a benzo (Xanax, Klonopin, or Valium depending upon doc&#039;s decision) I felt like a million bucks. I could leave the house. I had a normal sleep schedule. I had energy for the first time in a long time. It was a miracle for me. Stopped taking it and downward I went again. Restarting now and I couldn&#039;t be more excited. I will say it made me feel restless and that includes Restless Leg Syndrome types of feelings. But, I would rather be restless and functioning. You have to weigh the pros and cons --for me it is a PRO!"
"Its an awesome medicine. Gives pure relief in the systems internally. No side effects since I have been taking it."
"Lamictal has been working pretty good so far.  My only complaint is lately depression is creeping up on me, but this could be just part of the &quot;winter blues.&quot;  On Lamictal, I am not emotionless; it just helps with the dramatic mood swings (I have Bipolar type 1).  I was given Lamictal as an option due to the fact that I requested a medicine that will not make me gain weight.  As I was told, I do notice Lamictal seems to be weight-neutral, which is a good thing.  I haven&#039;t been on Lamictal more than a few months yet, but I am hoping it continues doing its job."
"Soolantra is a  terrible cream, it make my smooth skin flare up , and lots of pimples at two side of my face, throw this cream into rubbish can."
"I got my Nexplanon in October 2013. My first period was normal 7 days very light. My second period was about 3 days real light. And my third was a week light as well then 2 weeks after I spotted for a week. Symptoms I have noticed is acne I&#039;ve never had such oily hair and skin before, and also some weight gain. I love Nexplanon because I always forgot my pill. I would recommend every girl to get it."
"I just started taking this medication last night. I&#039;ve tried Abilify, Risperdal, Geodon, Fanapt, Latuda, Loxitane and others as well as an array of Antidepressants and Antianxiety pills. It is very bitter, but I have to say I sleep GREAT now! I will try to put more on here as my treatment continues."
"I have taken plan b 3x this year so far, Feb-April, 1 each month (I know I&#039;m stupid for not using protection) BUT it has worked every time!! I don&#039;t recommend taking it more than 2x in such a close timing as in doses because it DOES mess up your cycle. I took plan b in April and I have yet to have a period but I am not pregnant."
"I was put on a lot of meds for 9 years - I even overdosed on one wanting to die after 3 months. In the lock down ward they found out I had Dissociative Identity Disorder and put me on Effexor XR 150mg. I have been taking for 10 years now. In the beginning I felt like a zombie but then when it got into my system I was not raging on people and I have not lost time. I was going to sleep and waking up days or months later not know where I&#039;d been or who I was with I had to give up my children so I would not hurt them. It doesn&#039;t matter if you are for or against this if you have a problem you should get help and let someone close to you know so they can watch if something changes."
"Omg. This medicine is scary. Had a very, very bad sinus infection. I was desperate for relief.  A day after taking this medicine, I felt a stiffness in my neck. Thought nothing of it, maybe I slept on it wrong? Switched pillows. Next night, worse. Three days in, could barely stand the pain in my neck. Then it hit me that the medicine was causing the muscle/tendon issue. Also, this medicine made me seriously feel out of it. I had to stop after 4 days. I&#039;d rather deal with the sinus infection."
"I was diagnosed with PCOS about two years ago. I started on generic Yaz and Metformin at the same time. My cycle regulated and I lost about 50lbs in six months. I noticed a significant reduction in unwanted hair as well. I quit taking it for a while (life got busy, didn&#039;t refill it, moved half way across the country, new job, etc.) and I put nearly all of the weight back on. Needless to say, I&#039;ve been back on Metformin for about two weeks and I&#039;ve already lost six lbs."
"This drug has been marked incredible in my book. I went from going  to the bathroom once every 1-2 WEEKS to once every few days once I started taking Linzess how it&#039;s directed. I would take it with a full glass of water 30 mins before breakfast and would have a a am within the next morning or so. Well I have been trying something new which seems to be working much better. My wife and I usually eat dinner pretty late so we eat around 9:30-10 and then I chill for about an hour. I take a Linzess and go to bed. Each morning I have waken up to a BM after my alarm goes off at 6:00. It is a solid but very easy go. I am amazed and had to share just in case I can help someone else "
"It works great and also works excellent for bladder pain. I love it. I discovered this medicine while in South America. I had a urinary tract infection and Doctor prescribed it along with antibiotics. It was a life saver. In USA it is very expensive and Insurance would not cover it. I wish I could afford it. Too bad."
"I&#039;ve been on two different pills, and after I had my son, I wanted to find something that lasted longer. Until I decided, my OB-GYN put me on the patch. I love how it&#039;s once a week. It&#039;s easy to remember. I&#039;ve been on it for almost a year (in March). However, lately, every patch has started to leave big red squares where they used to be. The skin where the patches were is dry, red, and bumpy. Sometimes they burn, but mostly they itch. I moved and haven&#039;t gotten a new doctor, so I can&#039;t change it. Other than that, I have absolutely no sex drive- but I haven&#039;t had a sex drive since I had my son two years ago. So.. yeah. Haven&#039;t really gained weight with it. It&#039;s been great except for the red patches it&#039;s started to leave."
"On its effectiveness, I rate it a 10, because it will completely eradicate all your allergy symptoms. However, the undesirable side effects lower the rating to a 3. It will keep you up ALL NIGHT LONG. It also made me jittery and nervous, as if I&#039;d drank a dozen cups of coffee. "
"This is the worst generic pill I have ever taken. My cycle was extremely heavy, I have gained five pounds in three days while on this pill which is very depressing. I have not been very happy on the pill during the month and a half I have been on it. I am switching back to an older pill I took."
"I have only been on it for about 6 days and already seen a incredible difference. I had a headache everyday for a year and a half and got bad migraine about 2-3 times a week. I have not had a migraine yet and my everyday headache has calm down. When I first started it did make me very drowsy but that went away as I got use to it"
"I have used Edex for over 3 years.  
Very positive in that it almost never fails to give me a nice hard, durable erection within a few minutes with stimulation, maybe 2 &quot;erection fails&quot; in several hundred uses.  The injections are painless and very easy to get used to. cost per dose is very small.
Not so positive is that for about 2 years I have had a difficult time reaching orgasm and when I do it often is only after very hard, intense, prolonged stimulation, almost never through intercourse alone.
Mr Urologist insists that the orgasm issue is all in my head, that the medication is giving me the erection as it is supposed to, but that there must be some other issues involved."
"I&#039;ve been on Zanaflex for over a month now and all I can say is it really makes me sleep well. I take pain medicines for chronic low back pain and also take sleep medicines to make me sleep because the pain gets worse at night keeping me up. I wasn&#039;t happy when they gave me this instead of Soma, because I had great results with Soma. Now I can say I&#039;m glad I did go on this medicine. I take 2 about 45 minutes before I want to turn in for the night.  My spasms are relieved and I can sleep through most of the night and wake without any hangover effects. I&#039;m glad I have this now."
"I have found that since taking Caduet there has been a big improvement in my cholesterol level and blood pressure."
"I&#039;ve had the copper IUD for only 4 days and want to share my experience with insertion. I too made the mistake of believing the reviews about how horrible it was supposed to be. I was nervous and anticipated a lot of pain. But it really was not that bad. The pain felt like a strong cramp and lasted for about 3 seconds. It only hurt when the clinician measured my uterus, the insertion of the copper iud wasn&#039;t bad itself. She did it wrong the first try so she took it out and put a new one it. It was painless! However for a few minutes after I felt dizzy and nauseous. They let me lay there for a while and gave me Midol. Cramping and spotting lasted for 2 days now I don&#039;t feel it. Just random small cramps but that&#039;s all."
"I have just experienced the worse night of my life due to 10 mg Belsorma. I read reviews, thought they had to be exaggerated..this medicine should not have been approved. Horrific hallucinations/nightmares.. Didn&#039;t know if I was awake or asleep . Terrifying. If you are contemplating using this drug, do not do it!!"
"I&#039;m a 52 yr old male with a weak left Sacroiliac joint and often get a nerve pinch (L5L6) that&#039;s cause shooting pain down my leg or difficulty standing up straight. I take Celebrex for 2-4 days and it clears right up. It&#039;s been amazing for me."
"I had great results for the first several months. I now have been injecting for a year now, and I do have several spots that will not clear up and have even gotten worse. On the other hand a lot has cleared up. "
"As most pointed out here, pretty much useless.  Had hoped for a new thing since I&#039;ve had insomnia (actually, shifted phase sleep rhythm), for most my life.  So for now, though it&#039;s losings it&#039;s effect due to being on it for years, I&#039;d highly recommend Lunesta.  (It&#039;s not perfect, but it does work, especially for double insomnia.) Also, a generic is now finally available (cheap and, just as important, it is the ONLY sleep med currently approved by the FDA for LONG TERM use!  Ambien is NOT."
"I took Methotrexate for 17 years.  Started with tablets but progressed to injections for less chance of side effects (and cheaper!).  Always felt tired and nauseous for a day after, which got worse and lasted longer over the years, so that instead of just folic acid, my rheum had me take leucovorin the day after (a stronger folic acid).  But 6 months ago I developed fatigue, malaise and chronic low grade fever despite normal blood tests; my rheum said he had seen that before in other patients taking Methotrexate and considered it a toxic reaction!  There is no literature on this reaction, but I got better once I stopped, so just be aware."
"I tried Ortho Tri-Cyclen about a year ago and had to stop the pill within a week due to the horrible symptoms. I decided to give birth control another shot and went on Loestrin 24 Fe in November of 2011. The side effects have been mild so I&#039;ve remained on it since and plan to continue using it. I did have stomach discomfort, headaches and a few other symptoms that subsided within the first few weeks. In the beginning months, I would get my period if I did not take the pill literally at the same exact time everyday. If I was 5 minutes late, I could expect a present the next day. That was kind of annoying, but the periods were pretty light so it wasn&#039;t anything worth stopping the pill over. A few months ago, my periods have stopped altogether."
"If I could give this product a negative value I would. I had mild itching after switching my birth control. I figured it may be a yeast infection due to hormonal changes. I have a really tight schedule so I quickly stopped by Walgreens in the morning and picked up 1-day monistat. I inserted the ovule and 10 minutes after, I was at my my desk trying to figure out how to scratch or claw my vagina without my coworkers seeing me. I don&#039;t know if this product works but the itching increased immensely. I tried the cool wipes and itch cream with no relief. Wondering if I can call off sick for the rest of the day to nurse my vagina back to health "
"I started taking Pristiq about 5 weeks ago.  I was experiencing some nausea at first, but after about two weeks it faded.  About three weeks in I forgot to take the medicine for three days and completely plummetted into a dangerous pool of emotion.  I have been on one other medication, Celexa, and what I like what Pristiq is that I am still able to experience a wide range of emotions. When I was on Celexa I was a little bit numb to things and wasn&#039;t able to cry, at all.  With Prisiq I am more focused and I am happier."
"I can honestly say so far Stribild has saved me... On June 30th 2016 my counts were CD4 -73 Viral Load was 1.2 MILLION YES, 1.2 MILLION... I started Stribild on July 1st because the pharmacy had to overnight it . On July 28 I had another round of blood work, CD4 -300 and viral load 800... Yes In 28 days.. He expects me to be undetectable in my second month if not already. He actually is going to let me come back in 2 months now instead of the usual every month because he said this was astonishing. Hopefully Stribild continues to work for me!!"
"I got this in during a very stressful time, finished my 3rd year in college, bf of a few months went to europe for a couple months, started a new job, and training for soccer.  It has made me turn into a psycho bitch with crazy mood swings.  I was a couple weeks late on my period, but let me tell you 3 weeks later my period started and has been going on for 2.5 weeks.  Ive had crazy anxiety and severe depressed moods, lost a few pounds, socially limited myself, &amp; lethargic."
"I&#039;m physically fit however stress has raised my BP.  I&#039;m approaching 50.  So far so good- day three, I have been calm when facing stressful situations.  My BP seems to range around but it will take two weeks to see how this effects me.  No fatigue symptoms.  No stomach cramps, normal bowel movements.  Did have some light dizziness but it&#039;s gone now.  (keep in mind you need to exercise) this stuff is supposed to lower your BP if your feeling fatigue.)"
"If you are a female suffering from cystic/hormonal acne- please give Aczone a try.

During my sophomore year of college I developed cystic acne on my jaw line. I felt miserable all the time, caking on so much makeup just to feel normal. 

Aczone cleared up my skin in a week and is still clear a month later! However, I am still dealing with hyperpigmentation spots on my jaw/cheeks.

Best of luck to you!"
"I just started using the benzoyl peroxide gel and it is clearing up my skin and evening my skin tone, though around my chin area (most of my acne is here) is EXTREMELY dry. I barely use any of it, but it still burns, stings, and flakes. I hope it gets better."
"I was getting cavities along my gum line as well as a nasty taste in my mouth.  When I started taking Evoxac everything got better.  No more cavities, no more nasty taste.  I can swallow my food now without smearing it with mayonaise or other sauces.  It wears off at the same time every day so I know what time it is and reach for another Evoxac.  Of all the meds I take, I would never want to give this one up.  I feel awful without it as when I have surgeries and they won&#039;t let me have it at the hospital.  As soon as I am out the door, I grab my Evoxac and get relief."
"Tried some samples of Maxalt and while it got rid of my (minor in this case) migraine, I did experience a side effect that made me more than a bit nervous.  I experienced numbness in my left hand and arm.  My doctor told me to immediately stop using it.

I&#039;m a bit saddened that I can&#039;t continue on Maxalt as it did get rid of my migraine and definitely worked better than Imitrex, but not worth the risk of the side effect I experienced."
"Started adipex 15mg once per day on 6/8/15, starting weight 214lbs. Weigh in on 6/22/15 was 203lbs. I&#039;m satisfied with this medicine &amp; I will continue to take it until I reach my weight goal. My dr advised me that I need to take it everyday for 3 weeks &amp; then take a week off so that I don&#039;t become intolerant of it. Side effects are minimal.  Really thirsty &amp; sometimes I dnt sleep too good."
"I had mine inserted on September 30th 2009. At first I thought finally I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill. But a short time later I realized I don&#039;t like this birth control plan!  I would have a period for 15 days then off for 2/3 days then start again for another 15 days.  This lasted for SEVERAL Months.  My poor husband and I have suffered.  He said no wonder it&#039;s so effective your are always on your period, which leaves no time for us.  I have had no sex drive for about a year now.  As of 2 months ago I have had a period for 7 days then another 28 days later.  Implanon has not affected my skin or weight gain/loss or acne.  I still have clear skin and I&#039;m back to my regular weight.  It has taken 1 year, but finally I&#039;m starting to get back regular cycle."
"When I first got the implanon I didn&#039;t stop bleeding so my doctor gave me a medication for a few days to help. Well it&#039;s been over a year and I still bleed every other week. I&#039;ve gained some weight too but my main issue is the bleeding. It&#039;s such an inconvenience and I cannot wait to take it out. As a form of birth control it&#039;s very effective and I would advise it to someone who doesn&#039;t practice safe sex"
"Very frustrates with non stop bleeding. Ruins my sheets and nice under wear. Kinda has a slight negitive impact kn my two year relationship. When my partner alwaysbhas to ask if im bleeding. Its gross and can never feel completley fresh."
"I have used Soma for a few months now as needed for muscular back pain and back spasms. I&#039;ve tried other muscle relaxers, but this is by far the best I&#039;ve tried.  I can&#039;t tell you how much this helps when my back starts acting up.  And there&#039;s just enough drowsiness to let you sleep pain free, yet not too much if it&#039;s in the middle of the day.  I highly recommend it."
"Had Skyla put in 8 weeks after having my second child. It was slightly painful, but just for a second. Then I almost passed out on my way home and had bad cramps and had to lie around for a couple hours. Fast forward to now, I got pregnant with the IUD in and while nursing! I had the Skyla removed yesterday and will never do it again."
"I take  10mg ambien, 3mg klonipin and 100mg of Seroquel.  Sleep pretty good most of the time.  A bit groggy in the morning but nothing a shot of coffee won&#039;t fix"
"Being acutely depressed to the point of suicidal, I was given Trazodone and have had no noticeable negative side effects. I am on a maintenance program due to post traumatic stress disorder and have been for 4 yrs."
"I Had unprotected sex the day after my period on July 1st.  Scared like crazy because I had a scare before that I made my boyfriend go to the store 12 hours later to get me plan B. (he didn&#039;t think I needed it but you never know ) I took it as soon as he bought it and had to wait a month for my next period. I kept thinking I was pregnant. But I got my period two days early and I&#039;m currently still on my period. It&#039;s very heavy with a lot of back pain but I&#039;m happy I got it. Thank you plan b!!"
"I was on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for almost two years, and that worked great for me. But I went to a new gyno and she changed my prescription to Sprintec because she said the microgestin was what was giving me headaches. 
My first two months on sprintec were horrible. I had nausea every morning and my periods were just as heavy and I was still getting horrible, slap-your-grandma cramps. However, I&#039;m going on my 5th month and the cramps have definitely been toned down, I still wake up with some nausea but it&#039;s not bad. I would like my periods to lighten up a lot more though. 
I havent had any problems with my anxiety/depression worsening, weight gain, or acne."
"Not too bad, this is my second time taking the medication. The first time I was given lansoprazole, amoxicillin and METRONIDAZOLE which I had major side effects and after reading horror story reviews I stopped at day 5 of 7. Later found out it was the metronidazole that caused my horrible side effects.

Now I&#039;m on the course again, but instead of metronidazole I was prescribed CLARITHROMYCIN which IS SO MUCH BETTER!!! Apart from the occasional nausea and metallic/bitter taste, I&#039;ve had no other side effect and it&#039;s helped increase my appetite. I&#039;m on day 4 of 7 now, and have high hopes for this drug. Will update after I finish the treatment."
"Prescribed 7 day treatment for UTI, (2x/day), of Ciprofloxacin 500mg, two months after 6 week course of BCG infusions for  bladder cancer. Only took 11 pills then stopped because of warnings of possible side effects. Then about two weeks after that, started to have pains in right side around right kidney area. Now this week my left side kidney area is aching. Dr. is out of town &#039;til Monday the 28th of Nov."
"Wow I&#039;ve been reading these negative comments but I&#039;ve had a great experience with this pill!! I&#039;m 19 I was on the shot before this it was the worst thing that ever happened to me. But on this one my only side effects were mild headaches and I&#039;m definetly mode emotional. Also I sleep a lot more. I haven&#039;t gained weight. I don&#039;t have spotting. It did clear my acne. My boobs feel bigger. But I also think I haven&#039;t had the negative effects because I&#039;ve been taking these vitamins from super supplements they have folic acid calcium and all the vitamins the lady at planned parenthood said I would need and when I stopped taking the vitamins for 2 weeks I felt real shitty!!"
"Saved my life and made my life managable. So far superior to numerous SSRI&#039;s, SSNI&#039;s, off label gabapentim. serax, than any of the 10 other anti depressants I tried. Wasted 3 years of my life. May be addictive for addicts &amp; alcohol abusers but if taken as prescribed I&#039;ve had minimal side effects. I&#039;m not dizzy, falling, etc."
"I just started taking the pill on July 23 and I weigh 178, today is July 26 and I now weigh 174.  If you have dry mouth try chewing sugar free gum as a singer I use that trick all the time to keep my mouth moist and it works. Please drink lots of water as well, but it makes the dry mouth not so bad.  I have a thyroid condition so I take that pill early in the morning and I make myself eat a piece of toast or something 30 minutes later and take the pill and I don&#039;t have a problem sleeping at night.  I walk every other day and I have a decrease in my appetite, but I still eat. Some people say that don&#039;t eat at all that is not healthy.  Oh and I don&#039;t drink or eat anything with caffeine so I won&#039;t have a problem sleeping at night with the meds"
"I have the late effects of polio (PPS) w/ SEVERE muscle spasms - am NOT anxious about anything (seems lorazepam is used more for anxiety).  My spasms draw toes calves thighs hands back muscles into knots &amp; wake me up screaming w/ pain. My dose of 1- 0.5mg tab only gives no side effects, but it just doesn&#039;t work long enough, or isn&#039;t strong enough or, need to take more than twice/day; perhaps higher dosage, more frequent dose or different drug altogether wld work better or provide better relief"
"I only found out that my VERY long term boyfriend was cheating on me because he gave me chlamydia. I took the four 250mg pills in the doctors office yesterday around 3:30. At 4 pm I had SEVERE stomach cramping. I felt nauseous and thought that maybe it was just because I didn&#039;t eat enough before taking them. I had no appetitie but I managed to eat a little bit. I have constantly felt like I was going to have diarrhea but nothing or little comes out. Today is day two and I&#039;ve had wierd blurred vision and dizziness and headache  along with more cramping and stomach pain. Still no appetite and I&#039;m extremely sleepy. It hasn&#039;t helped chlamydia symptoms- still itching and discomfort and discharge. Hopefully something will give soon."
"Used to control inflammation from Psoriatic arthritis and spondylitis. Was switched from Celebrex which was giving me headaches, afternoon severe fatigue and a brain fog.  Mobic/meloxicam does not provide as much pain relief as the Celebrex but it definitely takes the edge off. It does not zap my energy and I can get many things done. I am not laying around anymore,  I almost seem ADD like.  I have some insomnia, where I wake up after about 5 hours of sleep.  Some days I do feel a little edgy and snappish, but overall this med is helping me function."
"Third colonoscopy for screening purposes, first time using Suprep.  The split dosing worked great -- drank first dose from 4:30 - 4:45 PM, one hour later the poop parade began, and went perhaps 5 times over the next two hours, color was brownish-yellow by the end of round one.  Drank second dose from 3:15 - 3:30 PM, liquid poop parade began 1/2 hour later, and was coming out clear yellow by 5:30 AM.  Dr. said the preparation was very good.  Suprep flavor is not bad -- I mixed it with ice water, drank it in three big gulps, chased with orange gatorade.  It&#039;s a little gross, but take your time and sip other palatable juices in between and you&#039;ll be fine."
"For me viagra 50 mg works great. I have trouble finishing if I have sex more than once a week. If I wait 5 to 7 days sex is a lot better. SSRI makes it tuff to orgamism"
"I&#039;ve tried before some medications for migraine and they were not effective or with extreme side effects but this is ROCK, I love it, my migraine just disappears after taking one of it with 2 glasses of water after 30 minutes."
"I had psoriasis for 3 years before I tried Olux. At that time, I had a bald spot on my head and no skin on the back of my ears. (It was all raw and covered in pus). I used Olux for three days and my psoriasis cleared up for over a month. The only reason I stopped using it was my new insurance would not cover it. Olux is the ONLY medication that has helped me. I have tried a dozen other medicines and nothing has worked the same."
"I am 24 years old, I had to stay awake during the nights of the last week due to a university exam. four days after the exam is finished i can not sleep well because my bed time has changed. and i feel so tired during the day. last night at 2:45 am I took one (50 mg) Tab and after 30 - 40 min i slept deeply. At 9:00 am (after 6 hours) I woke up feeling little bit heavy and sleepy, so I went beck to sleep for another 2 hours. After that I woke up feeling fresh and energetic like if i had a good continous sleep through the night."
"Very effective in controlling OCD and associated panic disorder.  However, gained 70 lbs (not by changing eating habits, but it&#039;s as though it raised my metabolic &quot;setpoint&quot;).  Decreased sex drive.  Despite the side effects, this medication has been a Godsend."
"I have been on this drug for 6 months and I must be in that % that is doesn&#039;t work well for.  I honestly feel like a guinea pig and I am going to stop taking this medicine.  For all who take it and it work,  I am happy for you."
"I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon since July 2013. This birth control has been the worst experience. My hormones became crazy, I gained more that 50 pounds, and I get annoyed easily. I have been trying to take the implant off and sadly the new doctor can&#039;t feel it. I was sent to 4 different places for exams and nothing still can&#039;t pin point where the implant is not even because I have the scar it left when inserted. Here I sit today with a second scar to be since I was cut open today and the implant was no where to be seen. The expiration day is coming in fast.The doctor said he can&#039;t do anything until I loose the weight I gained when I got on it, for me that is impossible since nothing helps me loose weight from crazy hormones I have. Idk what to do?"
"I am allergic to codeine , hydrocodone and oxycodone. I have a very bad reaction to them all. This medicine being an opiate instead of a morphine base is much easier on me. If you have a reaction to codeine try this."
"This was the first hormonal birth control method I tried. I was nervous as I had read about all the horrible side effects of birth control pills. Well, I did experience some of them on this pill (mostly mood swings, nausea) but only for a few days. After that, it was a nearly perfect experience. The biggest benefit was that it regulated my period and made my cramps go away!! Amazing. Unfortunately I&#039;ve started to get migraines with aura and therefore had to come off Lutera. Now I&#039;m on the mini-pill and considering the implant. Ugh."
"I have been using Elmiron since February 2008. I love it. I think I did gain some weight but, who cares. I did not have as severe a case of interstitial cyctitis as some people but the medicine has sure been a blessing for me. I have just recently cut back on it because I believe I have leveled off with the symptoms. But just to be safe on that, I&#039;ll be seeing my Doctor to be sure. Don&#039;t want any flare ups. I&#039;ve been able to eat again. I eat just about anything I always did. Mustard being my favorite. Thanks Elmiron for helping me. According to what I have read on interstitial cystitis mine is a mild case. I do hope Elmiron will help those with a severe case. I am so blessed and pray others will be after taking the medicine."
"Second time on Chantix after 3 yrs smoke free. This drug is literally a life saver, completely makes smoking seem disgusting, after a few days. Cravings disappear, and when you think your gonna enjoy one of your last... you put in out in mortification, due to the gross smell, and horrid taste. The nausea is a killer, along with an overall unpleasant feeling, and crankiness that lasts duration of Chantix use. The dreams are super vivid, borderline nightmares, but bearable. If these short term effects are what I have to endure for deciding to pick up a nasty habit, for the second time!!! So be it. Living to make sure there a lighter in the car... is not living. And it only takes me the starter pack to quit- 2 pack a weeker."
"I got nexplanon 12/2015 right after giving birth. I bleed lightly six to seven months after insertion. I haven&#039;t had a period since. Bloating, but no spotting. Nothing. I have had the mood swings but to me, that is expected when hormones are altered especially after pregnancy. I&#039;ve GAINED weight 20 freaking pounds. (Could have been to postpartum depression too) Ugh! Other than that I think it is very effective."
"So... I hate this stuff. 
This morning I took the second bottle. It stayed down for about 30 minutes before I projectile vomited all of it into the toilet (which is where it would have ended up anyways I guess). I called my doc and they said to just drink water for a while.
I hate nausea more than anything. I get kidney stones on a regular basis, and I would rather deal with screaming kidneys than nausea. So this was particularly awful for me. However if you don&#039;t mind an upset stomach for a couple hours then it might not be so bad. The taste is horrific but it is definitely effective in clearing out the colon.
My colonoscopy is in an hour. I bought a pizza and ice cream for when I get back to make myself feel better about this experience."
"No side effects, many more plus/up days than before.  Seems the longer I am on the Deplin in conjunction with my antidepressant, the better my moods and overall feeling gets."
"It&#039;s amazing but don&#039;t take 5 or 6 or 7 you will feel sick and stay up and not eat for a day or 2 but if you want a fun focus high go small like 2 or 3 then work your way up if you want to buy its not fun with a lot you start hearing thing and seeing things and you get scared easy but fun at the end did my college homework project and easays and other things I had to do for college got all done in that 24 hour period still up and feel hyper and awake but I know I&#039;m going to crash very soon but the drug does it job 100% for me when I do 1 10mg or 2 10mg I do 2 for test the next day soo I know I&#039;m up and ready for it"
"I have been on 225mg for four years and I&#039;ve liked it for the lack of side effects. Now I think it isn&#039;t working well. I&#039;m kind of worried about 300mg."
"Our Son is 23 and put on 0.25 micrograms of Risperdal twice a day in September 2005, due to not being able to get a prescription for 0.25. we were splitting the 0.5 tablet in half. this was ok as the prescribed medication had a line in the middle. 
Our son did seem to be calmer at first. 
Our son was in a residential home during the week and returned home weekends.
After going to collect him a few  weeks ago, we were so shocked as he seemed all over the place, getting stuck saying one word, jerky movements of upper limbs. it was heart-breaking.
We then noticed the brand of Risperdal had changed and they were a dark red tablet. We then realised this tablet should have never been divided.
The GP  advised us to stop the medication."
"I&#039;ve taken Aleve and Vicodin for my sciatica pain with limited results. Taking lorazepam completely rids me of my hip/leg/back pain which is wonderful! I still have to remind myself to be easy on my hip and not try and clean the whole house because my pain is gone. I half a 1mg tablet so it doesn&#039;t sedate me. My intent is to not be completely knocked out. I want to be productive and it allows me that luxury. I know it&#039;s not generally prescribed for pain like this, but it sure as hell works for mine. I&#039;ve had no adverse side effects and it really helps me get through the day without constant pain."
"I&#039;ve had a really good experience with Hysingla ER. I have had dibilitating Sacrio, SI Joint, sciatic nerve pain for 6 years. Tried chiropractic care, acupuncture, massage therapy, physical therapy, injections, electro shock therapy, and norco 10/325 4x per day for the last 4 years.  I did get some relief, but not enough to make my daily life enjoyable. It&#039;s been a struggle with pain daily. Especially with three small children.  Two months ago, my pain dr recommended Hysingla ER to me (as a last resort before surgery) and I decided to give it a shot. I started at 20mg, 4 weeks later 30mg, 4 weeks later 40mg.  I can&#039;t believe the difference of my life since starting Hysingla!! I can take long walks again! I can grocery shop again!"
"Blood sugar went from HbA1c of 10.5 to 7.5. And lost weight.  The previous medicine I was on caused me to gain 25 lbs, which I lost on this."
"I&#039;m 46 and was diagnosed with ADHD 2 times when I was a kid but never took the medicine. My life&#039;s always felt out of control and emotional roller coaster. I tried Adderall first but it made me to jumpy. I switched to Dextroamphetamine and once I got past the first week and up to my 20 mg a day everything became so much easier to deal with in life. Less stress, better sleep at night and makes me feel &quot;normal&quot;. Best medicine in the world but the cost is absolutely ridiculous as I have no insurance."
"I&#039;ve been on Diovan HCT for about a year.  I had previously been on lisinopril HCT also for high blood pressure for about 2 years before that, but began having side effects, which disappeared as soon as I switched to Diovan HCT.  I haven&#039;t had any side effect issues with Diovan HCT other than rare lightheadedness when standing quickly which is not so intense as to cause any problem.  And the big improvement for me in Diovan is that my blood pressure measured at home is much more evenly controlled.  With lisinopril HCT my blood pressure would be high one day and low the next and the lightheadedness when standing quickly could be so intense that at times I felt close to blacking out. All in all, Diovan HCT is worth the higher cost to me over the generic lisinopril HCT."
"Went to Doctor&#039;s with very bad sore throat and cough. Was given Biaxin and it took two days for my throat to clear up but my throat was very bad. It seems to be working. I was given a cough medicine too, could not tell which one was making me tired."
"I had been using the pill for 8 years.  I used the first version of this pill, yaz, then switched to b-yaz when it came out. I went about my life for a few years and then considered switching to Ashlyan which is just one period every 3 months. Well let me tell you having only one period every 3 months is MAGICAL. Unfortunately my acne went full force, 6 months into the new pill my entire face was broken out. I was using the strong topical prescription available &amp; still just getting worse. I was at my lowest when I realized the problem was probably the pill. I spoke with my doc &amp; we decided I could switch back to b-yaz and just get 2 extra packs a year and still get only 1 period every 3 months. 1 month into b-yaz &amp; My face is clear again!"
"I tried this before I got prescribed it, it worked so well for my tension headaches. For my tension migraines I do take fioricet, and promethazine for the related nausea from other medicines. Today at my pain management appointment I brought up the good experience and the doctor said it would work wonders as long as I take it only occasionally. She said she fully supports Flexeril for migraines and said that she wants me to try it on prescription and see how much they&rsquo;ll improve. Since it&rsquo;s not a long term use type of medication I will only use it when the migraines are crippling and debilitating. I&rsquo;m happy that I don&rsquo;t need opiates for my migraines and use them for my chronic pain illness only!"
"I was on Enbrel  for about 3 years.  The only good thing was it cleared my psorasis which was horrible, especially  on my scalp, but also on my elbows, waist, legs,etc. I statred to have allergic reactions, and once a t the end had anaphylaxis . Shortness of breath and other symptoms  also encouraged me to try Otezla.  I am sorry to report that my psorasis  immediately  returned with a vengence, my scalp is covered with tight painful scales itches, burns,is embarrassing  and also is on my elbows and they Crack bleed, hurt . .. but, since I started   Otezla, I have been on 4 rounds  of  antibiotics  for URI&#039;s, sinus, pneumonia, had terrible diarrhe ,  swollen glands.  I have to go to my Dermatologist  next week  and am asking for  Cosyntex.."
"Took 1 dose and landed in the hospital with severe pain."
"I&#039;ve been taking since last year and my obsessive compulsive disorder is treated with almost no side effects. I avoid alcohol since I started."
"27 year old suffering from adult acne. I&#039;ve been under Accutane twice in the past for 6 months each but relapsed both the times. So this time I was prescribed Epiduo. I didn&#039;t get any redness or itching but my acne got 10x worse. My acne is usually concentrated in the cheeks but after epiduo I got newer ones in the jawline and forehead as well. The purge stage lasted for around 2 months but I stuck with it and now I&#039;m acne free and only left with scarring. I don&#039;t apply it all over the face, only in the acne prone areas and I&#039;ve noticed the scars have also started fading gradually. Happy with this product so far."
"I FINALLY got Nexplanon removed today after almost 2 years. I would NOT recommend this to ANYONE. I wouldn&#039;t even know if it was an effective form of birth control because my period never stopped long enough for me to have sex! I somehow avoided the weight gain, but would have taken that over the bleeding and depression. My son is almost 2 now and over the last few months, I have been having trouble even barely getting out of bed, much less play with him. I felt like a terrible mom so I would cry myself to sleep each night and my whole life was falling apart. Oh, and good luck finding someone to remove this junk if you moved or no longer have the same doctor! A lot of doctors refuse to even carry it."
"Got my Paraguard a little over a month ago.
Insertion lasted less than 30 seconds. It was mostly uncomfortable, not painful, instant cramps. Bearable with Advil.
Spotted and had cramps for a month afterwards, again bearable with Advil (and yes, I had sex, spotting wasn&#039;t heavy at all, I&#039;m talking like the lightest panty liner ever.)
First period was light and short. It was actually better than my regular period.
No more spotting and cramps after first period.
Second period, NO CRAMPS, even lighter, even shorter.
I forget I have it. 
Not pregnant. Sex is rad. No harmones. Going in for a follow up in a few weeks.
Loving life and loving my  Paraguard, I even convinced my friend to get one and get off the pill."
"I said to myself I would write a review if it worked and here I am! Boyfriend and I had sexual intercourse on a Tuesday. We did not realize the condom broke but thankfully we found out before he &quot;exploded,&quot; per say. We immediately went to a pharmacy store and bought the $50 pill. I took the pill 8-10 hours later from the incident. I experienced cramps and nausea. Cramps began 3rd day lasted till about 5th day. Nausea only happened at night in bed. I was worried I wasn&#039;t going to be getting my period that one week later because I am irregular. I have not received my period for about 6-8 months so I was thinking it may not work for me. BUT! Thankfully it did! 9 days later, I got my period and ended at 6 days. It really does work!"
"I was on 40mg of citalopram which was working a treat but wasn&#039;t sleeping so I was given mirtazapine 15mg. I&#039;ve been on them less than 2 weeks now and the change in myself is simply terrible. The first couple of nights I got an amazing sleep but found it hard to get up in the morning but things have just gone from bad to worse, I have bad anxiety, can&#039;t sleep, feel like a walking zombie, dizziness is terrible, crazy dreams/mares, compulsive sweating, itching/burning sensations and the worst for me is my anger it&#039;s unexplainable I can fly of the handle for someone looking at me. This drug might work for some people but I&#039;d say avoid at all costs I&#039;ve never felt so unhappy and down right miserable."
"Took Inderal La for a very short time. In the time I was on it I never had a migraine, unfortunately on average I could sleep 7-8 hours a night but being on this medication I was lucky to get 4."
"I&#039;ve taken this combination for a year.  I started at 168, I am currently at 138 and still losing. I am completely happy with the results since I am over 40 and I was dieting and exercise and not losing weight.  I finally asked my doctor for help.  He did a complete physical and after making sure that I was healthy he started me on this combination. I am 5&#039;5 and have reach my BMI.  I am still exercise and watching what I eat and hope to lose 5 more lbs. Highly recommend."
"I was prescribed Flector patches after surgery to repair my collarbone, which came with frozen shoulder that I&#039;ve been getting physical therapy on for weeks. I have not used the patches regularly, just when I have a little pain. Early on I had pain in the shoulder area but could not place the patch directly on the shoulder because of the surgical scar. The patches helped somewhat. Now I have some pain for stepping up workouts on the shoulder, and I can place the patch directly on the pain area, and it&#039;s working wonderfully. The patch has a kind of numbing feeling, and overall the feeling can be compared to what ibuprofen does in reducing inflammation. The patches can make me a little sleepy. They also can be a little large for certain spots"
"Worked well for hay fever related itching. "
"I was hesitant to take this because of the mixed reviews, but gave it a try for my horrible acne and within a day noticed it started working. I didn&#039;t have any side effects and my face started to purge (giant pimples forming) and my skin was getting worse, so I knew it was pushing everything out of my face to start clearing my skin. A week later I woke up extremely itchy on my neck, scalp, chest, back, shoulders, feet, hands, basically every where and I had broken out in hives. I took a Benadryl. Then at midnight it happened again but worse. My neck was swelling up and the hives were the color of a tomato and I was insanely itchy. If I didn&#039;t take a ton of Benadryl I would&#039;ve had to go to the ER. Happened today again. No longer taking them."
"I took Next Choice about 2-3 hours after unprotected sex. About 5 days later, I had a very, very light period that lasted for about 3 days. I was so scared it was implantation bleeding. Two weeks after, I had 2 days of a super light period again, then 3 days of an actual period. Not pregnant!"
"I am 31 years old and have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety and have been severely anorexic on and off. I have been at a healthy body weight for many years. Over the course of 10 years I have taken various anti-depressants for my depression but they work for a certain period and then stop working.  I have just started taking Prozac and am on my second week.  I noticed instantly the first day, I felt warmer and more intuned to my body. I can think clearer and don&#039;t feel so irritable.  I have terrible neck pain that I have recently developed over the course of the week, so I hope it goes away over the next few weeks.  Otherwise I am quite excited to finally be taking a medicine that can help me, as well as so many others."
"Viibryd has been great for me as far as taking care of my depression.  It started acting quickly and has been fantastic!  I have nothing but good to say about how well it treats my depression.

However, if I EVER miss my pills at night I am in REALLY bad shape the next morning.  I am extremely tired - but in a really weird way.  I am super sensitive to light - to the point it is dangerous for me to drive as the sun comes up because I can&#039;t keep my eyes open.  When I take a nap (because I am so tired) I have horrific nightmares that are really vivid.  It really is kind of scary. "
"I have been on Tasigna since being diagnosed in November 2013.  Given how I felt at the point of diagnosis, I am so happy with Tasigna.  I have minor side effects and my energy level has been great.  Early results are great.  Time will tell."
"Was scared to take it after reading all the interactions. i mean, chocolate.. and bacon!! Seriously?? Among many other&#039;s. My depression was making me have suicidal thoughts &amp; I couldnt handle another day with such deep sadness, holding back tears, hurting so hard inside. so i took a leap of faith &amp; ate a 300mg gel cap of st john&#039;s wort... my depression symptons were gone within the hour! next day, i opened the gel cap &amp; poured half of the st john&#039;s wort powder into apple sauce &amp; ate it instead of taking 300mg this time cause even tho it stopped the depression feelings, it made me tired &amp; my muscles burned a little; this is normal when u raise ur serotonin quickly. So 150mg once a day has completely gotten rid of depression for me. Love it!"
"So I woke up one day with the worst headache I&#039;ve ever experienced. I don&#039;t ever remember having migraines, so I didn&#039;t know that thats what I was having. I am a &quot;time will heal it&quot; kinda guy. Well after four months of going to sleep and waking up with a migraine all day, every day. I am not stretching this at all. Finally my wife convinced me to see a doc. After two more months of migraines he said he wanted to try the Nortriptyline. I took 5mg every night for a week and then would increase the next week another 5mg until it helped. While at the 30 and 35 mg mark I felt improvements. When I started the 40 mg it was the first day I woke up in over 6 months with no migraine. It brought tears to my eyes. No side effects for me. Lucky I guess."
"Took 6 months to bring my count down from 149,000"
"Had my sonogram check up today at 2.5 weeks post insertion. The IUD was exactly where it should be. I told my doctor I had experienced some pretty intense pain/cramping on my right side near what I assumed was my ovary. He told me that was the implant &quot;getting in place&quot; and was pretty normal. I&#039;ve never had painful periods so my experience for what is normal is fairly limited. And although the pain was at times intense &amp; nauseating it was very quick. The cystic acne I reported on day 3 (see earlier review) has subsided and was explained as androgens flooding my system. Spotting is minimal and some bloody discharge when I urinate. No pain during sex or high intensity workouts. So far thee discomfort was worth it. :)"
"December 1 2008, I had the Implanon inserted and have had problems since. I have mood swings like crazy. I am now taking depression and anxiety pill because they think it was postpartum depression. It&#039;s not though. I have been snapping at my 7 month old son and husband. I was admitted to green leaf since they thought I was a danger to my family. Turned out that the Implanon is causing this. I cry all the time for no reasons and I am now taking depression  and anxiety pills. I bleed all the time. The Implanon has been hurting since I had it done, I have gained 25lbs because of this as well. I am taking it out this week for the sake of me and my family."
"Emotional problems, runny nose, etc. Without much relief."
"Works excellent for all types of back pain associated with disc or nerve problems."
"I have had chronic constipation since I was a baby!  I remember having to take suppositories as a kid, not going to the bathroom for 2-3 weeks and getting very ill and needing an emema.  I took Zelnorm for a few months before it was pulled from the market, that was an amazing drug. It made me feel wonderful and I would empty completely every day.  I always have 8 enemas under my sink at all times. My GI doctor doesn&#039;t like that I take them but if I don&#039;t I will be in the hospital!  I took Linzess this morning at 6 am on an empty stomach, waited about 1 1/2 hours before I ate breakfast, 2 pm I ate a light lunch and I have yet to have a bowel movement.  Well, today is day one.  I will come back and update this or add a new note tomorrow."
"I took this last night right before bed, slept fine, and woke up this morning with my stomach rumbling, aching, and mild diarrhea. Nothing too horrible though. I gave it a 9, because I don&#039;t know how effective the treatment was yet. I took four 250 mg pills."
"I started my journey at 236 and today I am at the beginning of my third week I have lost 8lbs so far. I am excited to see what the switch in doses has in store. I have found that I have a little bit of insomnia every so often and that Coke Zero does taste differently. I find myself only wanting to eat when hungry, not all day long like I was before."
"No side effects at all; Actually felt better afterwards.. More energy"
"Checking back in after 12 weeks on Qysmia 7.5mg and I&#039;ve lost a total of 14lbs! Not bad (5&#039;1- starting at 160lbs, now 146lbs.) This is with a very hectic travel schedule and hit or miss gym workouts. The biggest thing I notice is water intake! I&#039;m rarely hungry but I&#039;ve always got a dry mouth. If I drink plenty of water, I definitely see results on the scale. If I don&#039;t eat enough and especially don&#039;t drink enough, the weight loss slows down and the side effects are worse (for me it&#039;s hands and feet parasthesia, dry mouth, some racing thoughts). Overall, this is making a HUGE difference in my life, in how I feel, my joints, my energy, confidence, blood pressure, etc. For me, it&#039;s well worth the minor discomfort!"
"Metoprolol 75mg/daily. Dizzy &amp; off balance, nausea, weight gain, joint pain, extreme fatigue with breathlessness, hair loss.  I accidently cut down on taking it when I had the flu.  Lost 10 lbs due to hardly eating for 1 1/2 weeks.  Noticed that I was thinking more clearly, had no nausea, joint pain was pretty much gone and I had more energy. Checked bp and it was still in the normal range.  Am weaning myself off and am down to 25mg daily as I continue working to diet.  Easier to lose weight now, too.  I can breathe much more normally now and have better balance."
"My hip and shoulder have hurt for years and I have always taken Bayer aspirin and I tried Aleve arthritis gelcap.  To my surprise the pain in my hip and shoulder went away for 8 hours.  The only thing I don&#039;t know is how long I could take the stuff, the bottle said do not take for longer than 10 days.  The warning label about it could cause stroke or heart attack did raise questions."
"I have been taking Drixoral since it was made.  It used to be by prescription only.  I was overjoyed when it came out over the counter.  This is the best allergy/sinus pill you can take.  Relieves stuffy nose due to swollen sinuses, sneezing, itchy nose and eyes, etc.  This is the only medicine that works for me."
"I had unprotected sex with my husband, and I took plan b twice within 72 hours because I was not ready to have a baby. I ended up getting pregnant anyway. But I&#039;d like to say my son is one of the best things that has ever happened to me and 6 months after having him we tried for another one and ended up getting two!"
"I rarely had gout flare ups despite having high levels for 10 years, I couldn&#039;t take the allopurinol, and when I started having small more frequent flare ups my doctor urged me to try Uloric, warning me that I was damaging my joints even if I wasn&#039;t having flare ups.  The first 4 months on it I had probably 7 flare ups, more than I had ever had before, but my levels were low.  Finally after 6 months they stopped and I have had zero issues for months. I think that what happens is that you build up crystals in your joints over the years if you don&#039;t treat your gout, then when you go on this medicine your levels drop so fast that the crystals dissolve and fall out into your joints.  Stick with it, it&#039;s worth it.  Not sure what it costs."
"I was on deep depression. Effexor was not working any more and was having deep suicidal thought. Then my doctor added Latuda 40 mg. Miracle! No more suicidal thought and my bipolar depression ceased by 80%. The only problem is make me sleep when I take in the morning and make me awake when I take it at supper. Taking it at lunch causes a little less sleepiness. Another feature is that it control my severe anxiety."
"I was diagnosed to chronic hypertension and POTS at age 15, after trying a few different beta blockers I was put on 10 mg and generally maintain a 110/70 BP. I&#039;ve been on Bystolic for 7 years and would highly recommend it."
"I was prescribed tramadol for pain relief after having all four of my wisdom teeth removed. After reading some of the reviews I felt like I had to post my experience, because everybody is different when it comes to pain tolerance and medication. I&#039;m taking 2, 50mg, roughly every 8 hours (or whenever I&#039;m noticeably uncomfortable) it worked, and still is, working wonders for me. Quick acting, no pain, and a euphoric feeling for many hours, but not debilitating - I still function fine, if not better. Sucks that it doesn&#039;t work for some people which in turn might turn others off from giving it a shot when it may work wonderfully for them! I can see how it could become addictive for people with addictive personalities, so be careful."
"After 5 months on this birth control I must say that I really like it. After the first month I started spotting but I stopped taking the pills to allow myself to have a period and I have not spotted ever since. My skin has cleared, I have no PMS, no mood swings and obviously rarely have periods. Only complaints are  my sugar cravings (can&#039;t lose weight to save my life). But other than that I enjoy it. I save so much on feminine hygiene products and book travels with no worries."
"I had Nuvaring for about 4 months  and I just took it out and will be getting back on my previous pill. I had been on the pill for like 6 years with no problem except I was just tired of having to remember it. My dr recommended NR, so I tried it. Totally effective when it comes to preventing pregnancy and you can&#039;t beat the convenience. BUT I feel like I have a UTI all the time, my skin has gotten worse and I&#039;ve gained 10 lbs even while eating healthy and cutting out processed foods and dairy (I&#039;m 5&#039;1, so 10 lbs feels like 20 lbs). 

Just my two cents but all BC affects people differently"
"I&#039;m on day 11 of taking Zoloft 25mg. Thus far, I hate this drug. Put on it for anxiety and panic attacks. Doc wouldn&#039;t prescribe Xanax as I have an addictive personality so wanted to avoid benzos altogether. I&#039;ve experienced all the side effects of this drug within the first three days. Headaches, dizziness, diarrhea and anxiety seems worse than before I was put on this. I keep reading that it takes four to six weeks for the drug to take effect and that it gets worse before it gets better. Is this true? I&#039;m supposed to try to stay on it a full month and go from there. I&#039;m 41 and female. And thus far, hate this drug."
"Overall this drug could be considered a positive experience in helping anxiety but start out at a low dose now and then."
"I chase all the women daily like I was 18 again. "
"I was taken off of Alprazolam, cold turkey, and given Gabapentin to help with possible withdrawal.  This was a NIGHTMARE!!! I had taken Gabapentin for a short period of time before, for Carpel Tunnel, but it gave me what I call &quot;drunk body syndrome&quot;, and I would be off balance, bump into things, etc.  I didn&#039;t really have negative effects while taking Gabapentin this time around UNTIL I stopped taking it. No one told me to very veryyyyy gradually ween myself off. I almost immediately went back &amp; forth between having the most severe hot flashes one could even imagine (I mean, I was sweating bullets like a mad woman), cold chills, terrible body aches, flushed face, severe anxiety. It felt like the flu. Called my Dr and went back on Alprazolam."
"I&#039;ve been on Ambien for 10 years.. Although my tolerance has gone up it still does the job....I was looking fwd to Belsomra, I took 15 mg at 1025pm and felt nothing,,
I took additional 5 mg and it made me sleep for two hours I woke up at 12:30 aM with a headache and a hangover.  The rest of the night was uncomfortable torture.. I felt  really tired but could not fall asleep.. Is this talk about Belsomr needing one or two weeks to be affected valid?  Pretty disappointing fancy package with a fancy price and a miserable me sleep . Have others experience complete misery on the first night?"
"Doc told me to stop increasing the dosage (via the titre-pack) as soon as I saw pain improvement, as this is the dosage I should remain on. I&#039;ve noticed a lot of people here continued to increase dosage past the point where they felt better, which could be why they had negative experiences and quit. It&#039;s Day 2, but I slept a whole night for the first time in 2 years! Pain&#039;s still here, but it&#039;s early yet."
"Way too many side effects. Felt worse with this drug than I did with A Flutter and A-Fib. Dangerous med."
"I was sliding downhill very fast with Pemphigoid/ Pemphigus (I have symptoms of both) before I started taking the Pred- I had them sitting in my cupboard because I was too scared to take them after hearing bad things about the side effects. I know they don&#039;t suit everyone but they have been excellent so far for me. There are side effects yes, night sweats, leg twinges, mood swings, curing migraines and curing a persistent arm pain I had for 6 months! 
The sores on my body are almost healed in 3 weeks after 5 months of agony and I can actually eat again. 
Long term they&#039;re maybe less good for you but they do work well."
"My embolisms were discovered November 1. I was put on Warfarin but it was hard to get my blood to regulate and I didn&#039;t like the blood work. I began Xarelto on December 7, 2012. I have had success and my doctors are very pleased. No new embolisms have formed. I did have upper stomach pain this week but I also suffer from irritable bowel syndrome. Today I feel fine. I have not had any bleeding or bruising ."
"After trying Zoloft and other medications, Effexor XR was the only medication that controlled my outbursts and hives I was getting from the daily stresses in my life.  Without the medication, I wouldn&#039;t be able to function and live my life as I am now."
"I loved being on this pill. The only reason why I stopped is because I am way too busy to take it at the same time every day, so I now have a birth control implant. 

I did not gain weight. Acne... well, I&#039;ve always had bad acne, even before birth control. I was secretly hoping it would clear it up, which it did not, but it definitely did not get worse. No weight gain, etc. Lightened my cycles for the fist year, then afterwards I would regularly get my period every other month, and then I would never get it (and take tests when I was worried.) Towards the end (I was on it for years), I was horrible with taking it on time-- there were days I would even forget to take it. With back up protection, I still was never pregnant. Loved this pill."
"I bought the 3 day treatment and a few minutes after inserting it, it was burning and itching much worse than the actual infection. I did it last night before going to bed, and it was still itchy and irritated this morning. However, the itch and pain did subside around lunch time so I will do the second treatment tonight. The anti itch creme that came with it didn&#039;t work AT ALL for me."
"With Imuran, I had no quality of life. Daily fatigue and nausea/vomitting. Things are better on Entyvio."
"I got diagnosed with borderline personality disorder not too long ago. I had never used any type of meications before I got lamotrigine prescribed and honestly it has worked wonders on me. Before I had strong mood swings which went from morning depression to extended periods of anxiety. After I started taking the meds my anxiety has gone down a lot, I no longer have morning depression and overall it has helped me out with no side effects aside from my short term memory but it isn&#039;t too bad."
"Developed epilepsy due to several strokes while fighting sepsis/septic shock about 4 years ago. I am in the middle of weaning off Keppra and moving to lamictal. While I was seizure free on Keppra, the Kepprage, depression, and suicidal thoughts made me think it might be better to take my chances with seizures..hopefully the lamictal will be effective. I also with there was more science behind cannabis, and I lived in a state that allows medical cannabis.  CBD seems like an option to supplement the conventional medications, but I can&#039;t say I complain about the occasional &quot;buzz&quot; via full spectrum cannabis."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for 7 years. I experienced my first panic attack about 2 years in. Since then it had gotten really bad, so much that I was having 3 or more a week. I was given quetiapine by a psychiatrist. He recommended half a tablet (tab is 25mg) so 12.5mg morning and night, but to start taking it just at night to see how I go on it. The first night I slept about 11 hours. The next night was 8. It sorted itself out after that first night. I still do not take it in the morning as I don&#039;t want to be drowsy at work. As far as the panic attacks go, I&#039;ve been on it for 2 months now and I&#039;ve only had one. I&#039;ve been able to accept a promotion that has me work 6 hours from home for a few weeks. I have my life back!"
"I have been on Cymbalta for over 5 years and it works great when I was taking it daily but due to my husbands new job(NC) and no insurance, I had to stop taking it for awhile. NOT good!!!
I started having headaches, feeling anxious, not sleeping, very sad and no energy.
I finally was able to get some samples from my Doctor thank goodness. I have started back up on it the last few days but really feeling the side effects of it again.
Nausea, tired, feeling like I have been run over by a freight train and just ugh. Also, noticing that I am feeling like crying all the time and for no reason.
I am sure once the medicine gets back into my system, I will feel myself again, but it&#039;s frustrating having to wait. "
"It&#039;s about to be my third week on it and the only reason I&#039;m writing this review is because it&#039;s a third week of hell. I have been on my period the entire time and it&#039;s very annoying. Today I had such a strong feeling of depression. I haven&#039;t cried so much in a long time and I&#039;ve been crying on and off for hours about minor things. I&#039;m going to wait this birth control out for a few months to see if my body adjusts but I hope it&#039;s worth it because so far I feel awful."
"So ive been on the shot for 4 months now and ALL I CAN SAY IS THANK U. IM ALIVE AGAIN AND SO GREATFUL AND HAPPY!! Got my life back. Im a better mother and person.. This shot saved my life. No cravings No thoughts about percs!! Just living life LIKE WE ALL DESERVE!! Xoxo NEVER GIVE UP!! Its the best choice in life u will ever make!!!"
"I got the implant 2.5 years ago. In the first 3 months, I had crazy emotions. I was violent and depressed. I gained 20lbs but I don&#039;t think it&#039;s the birth control fault. I drink a lot more soda then I use to. I do not get a period at all but do agree with needing lube for assistance! Now that I&#039;m in my last 5 months of it, I&#039;ve been excperiencing the same mood swings from the beginning. Its  uncontrollable and scary. That&#039;s the only downside I have."
"I had horrible sinus pressure headaches 3-4 days a week. It got to where OTC medication would only work for 3-4 hours then the pressure would be back. I went to an ENT who said I had rhinitis and gave me a prescription for Dymista and sent me for allergy testing. Came back I was allergic to a lot of things. The 1st week on dymista, I had 2 headaches. By the end of the 1st month, I had not had a headache in 2 weeks. I missed 6 weeks in, and the headache came back. I won&#039;t do that again!!! This medicine has been a huge game changer for me. A lot of reviewers talk about the taste. You need to shake the bottle lightly before using, and make sure and look at your toes with your head slightly bent down. Then the spray won&#039;t go down your throat."
"My first day taking it, it made me so angry I would pace around and cry. I had to be moving CONSTANTLY. My insides felt like they were churning, like I had to burst out of my skin. I couldn&#039;t sleep either, it was hard to sit and watch TV, read, or play video games, or even to stand still in the shower. Essentially, I was up pacing around for about 20 hours a day. I have never had such an experience before."
"I have had asthma since I was a baby and this medicine has helped me so much."
"I am a 6&#039;3&quot;, 37 year old white male (not sure what risk factors that lands me higher in, but it seems certain portions of the population are more prone to certain issues than others). Diabetes, heart Disease run in the family and I have asthma and a shot lower back.  Recipe for obesity. Long story short. 2.5 months ago I was 322lbs. 2 weeks ago, I was 284 lbs. Shoot hoops once a week, and stick to 1800 calorie a day diet.  Beyond that, no special &quot;restrictions&quot;.  Oatmeal for breakfast, chicken/tossed green salad for lunch and whatever fits under my remaining carb window for dinner.  Only complaint is Ohio only allows 3 months of use.  No side effects after week 1."
"I take 50 milligrams of Trazodone and experience hypotension. I am also taking Buspar. Clonazepam, Pepcid, Celexa, and today was prescribed Prednisone. Come to find out, some of these drugs can have bad side effects, especially Trazodone. I may have to change to another sleep aid, but really like the Trazodone. Pepcid is not a drug with good side effects. I think it is what is causing my hypotension. I also have been unsteady on my feet and confusion. go figure, we don&#039;t know what we are taking that could make us sicker than what we are, or dead."
"I was prescribed prozac generic 20 mg 2 weeks ago by my doctor. I had a rough patch with a family member which led to extreme anxiety/OCD, I had panic attacks and left work on several ocassions. This led to depression, felt like surrounded by a dark cloud. I am male in my late 30&#039;s and never suffered with this before so it really scared me. I thought I was going crazy. Finally decided to get help after 2 months. I was very nervous to take after some reviews.It&#039;s been 2 weeks and I feel SO much better.  Is seemed like 1 day I woke up and the depression and anxiety just faded.  I had some side effects for first 5 days...mental fogginess, drowsiness, headache, waking up early but all went away. hope this helps and stick with it!! exercise helps too."
"Prescribed ropinirole by hospital doctor for RLS that began while in hospital for subdermal hematoma due to a fall. RLS does not always last a lifetime. Anyhow, Dr prescribed to me upon leaving hospital. I started to take as prescribed but it made me feel ill and awkward so I stopped. My OT then asked why I wasn&#039;t taking it and advised me to &#039;take as doctor ordered&#039; despite bad experience. So, I started back on it. By 3 weeks, it was slowing my movements to snail pace! Took me 30 minutes to walk 30 feet, it was horrible! My family came to realize the reason for my near paralysis was this new drug. We are ready to sue and hope it doesn&#039;t cause permanent walking difficulty! I walked out of the hospital just fine, now this?! USE CAUTION folks"
"I have been on Remeron for a little over a year for depression, anxiety and insomnia. It has helped quite a bit in all areas. I have had a bit of weight gain (approx 10 lbs) but it is starting to come off slowly. It is a small price to pay for feeling all around better, especially being able to get a decent nights rest."
"I have had the Mirena for about 6 months now. When it was put in it hurt- off course. I have a sensitive cervix. I was in so much pain, I really wish now that I would have remembered to have the doctor numb me. I had to lay down for about 20 minutes on the table afterwords because I was dizzy. I also am pretty sure I can feel it. I am not feeling it as much now though. It takes time for my body to accept it. So, I wanted to share that I might be one of the few who have had NO period and weight LOSS). I was breastfeeding my second child, so that might be the reason but no &quot;real&quot; period, just some light spotting. Also, I managed to get to below my pre-pregnancy weight. Whaawhoo to that;) I HIGHLY recommend!"
"I know it&#039;s hard not freaking out, but guys try to calm down and wait for the effect of the pill. On august 6th my condom broke and I came inside my girl without notice it. After the accident in an hour and a half she took the pill (Aftera), and all we could do was waiting. It were the longest days of my life because we just meet, and also she has a very irregular periods, not having even menstrual cycle over the last three months. However, after ten days and some moderate side effects she got her period. That really relieved me, and I am pretty sure the pill worked its job. I found this site during my anxious time, and reading these reviews helped me not to get out of my mind. Always use condom!"
"After years on duloxetine for major depression and degenerative osteoarthritis, a new psyche doctor had me try Effexor (terrifying effects). Bad trip. He had been having me take Prozac while I was weaning off duloxetine because it mitigates the withdrawal syndrome from duloxetine, and I felt better than I had in 10 years. After the near-suicide because of Effexor, I asked if we could just stick with Prozac but increase the dose. I prefer it because I feel like ME, not some drugged-out, flattened-emotion version of me. I still can get happy, sad, mad, chill, relaxed, etc. Many anti-depressants eliminate that ability, which I find unbearable personally. I take 20mg once per day in the morning, and it has given me my life back again."
"I had good pain management with Savella, but the dizziness and nausea was too overwhelming to continue past one day.  I realize I may not have given it enough time, but briefly, here is my experience:  I took the 12.5mg pill during brunch (9am).  One hour later, the nausea began, and didn&#039;t stop until the drug wore off 8 hours later.  The fibromyalgia pain relief however, almost instantaneous! I could move better, and my energy was very good.  The dizziness began about 11am.  It also lasted until the medicine wore off (around 7pm). Finally, at about 8pm, the dizziness and nausea left.  And my balance got better.  However, the fibromyalgia pain came roaring back."
"Last night I was feeling very constipated before I went to bed. So much so that I couldn&#039;t get to sleep. So I went to a store near my house and purchased this enema. I gave it to myself as soon as I got home. I then sat on the toilet for the next 45 minutes. I thought after a half an hour that it might never end. Afterwards I was able to lay down and fall right to sleep."
"Terrible anxiety/nervousness.  Could not finish 7 day course. Switched to Cipro."
"Lexapro was a life saver.  It saved me from being anxious and sad all the time.  In fact, it&#039;s helped me with my pre-menstrual syndrome also.  I am so much calmer."
"I was lulled into a false sense about this drug by my doctor and reviews which said it would work over several days and help me have a natural bowel movement. This is not my current experience.

I haven&#039;t had a real bowel movement in 9 days, which is the first time in my life this has happened. I have some health issues and have been eating 400-600 calories per day.

I took the miralax at 7pm assuming nothing would happen for a few days. At 9:15 abdominal pain, cramping, running to the bathroom. Sweating bullets through my clothes and feeling incredibly nauseous, it took a while but it started working. Almost 2 hours later I am hoping the worst is over.

It was effective because it is working, but be aware it CAN work fast and feel terrible"
"I&#039;ve been taking Isentress for over 5yrs. I&#039;ve been undetectable for approximately 3yrs. While my HIV seems to be under control, I&#039;m finding some of the side effects are hindering my quality of life. I&#039;m in pain every day. I&#039;ve lost just about all of my body mass in the leg, arms and hip areas.  I have extreme body fat in my stomach and abdominal region, also have an increase in fatty deposits in my uppermost back just below my neck.  No matter how much weight I lose the stomach area remains the same. I&#039;m a female who was once curvy and now I look deformed."
"I have been on this product for years so I dont know if the effects are from the pill or just me personally. It does the job; regular, lighter periods and no babies. But I never want to have sex. I thought something was wrong with until I lost my script. Also about 48 hours of PMS but that&#039;s it."
"I have been suffering from migraines all of my life, before they made Stadol in nasal spray form, I was at the Emergency Room at least twice a month to get a shot of Stadol combined with Phenergan for the nausea.  Finally they came out with the nasal spray, which was great, because not only could I not throw it up, but since it is administered through the nasal passage, it gave me almost immediate relief.  I think that Stadol is the best pain medicine that was ever created, however, it is very addictive, and your tolerance gets to be higher and higher. People that suffer from any type of chronic pain I&#039;m sure will agree with me."
"Well this is where I&#039;m at with this medicine. Yes, it did help me breathe again awesome, now bad news is I lost my sense of smell. I&#039;m off the medicines now and hoping that my sense will return."
"Works very well.  I took it for bronchitis that I developed after a sinus infection.  "
"Had an extraction, then a severe infection. This antibiotic killed the infection. The only side affect for me was, yeast infection. I already take prilosec for heartburn so I didn&#039;t notice this side affect. I took 300mg three times a day for one week.
Now if only I can figure out why I have severe headaches after my tooth pulled. Since I never had headaches in the past!"
"My experience with this drug was extremely negative. I gained about 30 pounds, became anxious and depressed, was extremely tired and sluggish, and ate at least 4 meals/day. I became a very sad and narrow minded person and strayed from my parents and friends. It didn&#039;t help my acne at all so please look for any other alternative before taking this. It&#039;s not worth it and there are so many better alternatives to this."
"I had protected sex with my boyfriend at around 3am and the condom broke but we didn&#039;t realize until after he had finished in me, at 12pm the next day i took Plan B. The symptoms i had were breast tenderness, dizziness, headache, cramps, and fatigue. I got my period as supposed to a week later from taking the pill. After that my period arrived at the day it was supposed to and everything was fine! Do not freak out if this happens or if you have a scare! Plan B really works and you can rely on it! i remember how terrified i was and how all i wanted was someone to tell me theres nothing to worry about, so trust me do not worry about anything until you know for sure wether you are pregnant or not."
"I have been taking lithium for quite a while. I started out with 450mg, and of late I am taking 300mg with Paxil and Wellbutrin. From the lithium I get tremors, which become upsetting in public and in the office. "
"I was 205 lbs Xmas 2014.  Started Belviq when I got home. Had shoulder surgery, broke my hip; so couldn&#039;t exercise much.  Lost 50 lbs in 15 months and still taking to maintain. It makes you fell full and how to eat smaller portions. I have recommended it to everyone I talk to.  Amazing, absolutely amazing!  Suffered no side effects! Take twice p/day!"
"Like other reviews said, you won&#039;t take the time to post a review if you&#039;re happy with it but I am. After switching from bc to bc this one finally worked on me. I went from having extremely heavy periods, pelvic pain, and not being able to stand up to a medium to light period the first month. Pain meds finally worked on me to remove the pain unlike before."
"Asacol had no impact on my Crohn&#039;s flare-ups at all. Until the biologic medicines came out, I had no relief at all. I suggest starting with  mild drug like this but to realize that there are so many more options available today if this does not help."
"I&#039;ve been treatment resistant for depression for over 3 years now after trying numerous medications. 
 Took 5mg of Trintellix for about 2 weeks then moved up to 10mg for about 5 weeks.  Had some nausea/stomach issues the first few weeks with the start of the drug and the dosage increase.  Didn&#039;t help my depression whatsoever but was super expensive (~$400 for 30 pills).  Starting coming off it about 2 weeks ago.  Got what I can best describe as &#039;stuffy ears&#039;... felt like swimmers ear without the pain but it was disorienting and messed with my hearing and balance a little."
"Obviously no antibiotic is going to be easy but this is tolerable. I am allergic to penicillin so I always get prescribed biaxin. It always clears up my infections, the only down side is the horrible bitter taste. My best advice besides chewing gum / mints in between is eat dark chocolate before &amp; after - it actually does help subside the bitter taste! Also take the probiotic pearls with each dosage, it should help your stomach and prevent diarrhea. Eat as much yogurt as possible or drink Kefir milk -- kefir milk is the best probiotic you can take. It works wonders! You may get some minor headaches / stomach discomfort the first couple days, but let your body adjust and you should be fine. Its definitely tolerable, compared to other meds."
"Nuvaring worked great for me for 6 or more years.  The only side effect was my cycle went from 8 days gradually decreasing to none at all and that is when I took it out for a year.  I just need to know that my body is cleansing itself although my ob/gyn said it was perfectly okay.  I had a hiccup and used the morning after pill within 3 hrs and as a result I have a 16 month old son now that I love to pieces.  If you use Nuvaring it works no pregnancies for 6 years! I&#039;m going back on Nuvaring after reading up on Paragon, Mirena and Implanon."
"I am 17. I&#039;ve been on LOestrin for a little over a month, and I&#039;m taking it for painful and long periods.  I really like it actually. I suffer from chronic migraines and either Loestrin would help with them or make them worse. It definitely helped and I am so happy! Also, I have no acne. I have experienced a slight weight gain but nothing that diet and exercise won&#039;t fix. My sex drive has actually increased a lot and I have not become depressed like other reviews have said. The only downside is breakthrough bleeding which occurred after being on it for 2 weeks, I had bad cramps too and that was the whole reason I went on this. You really have to stay on it for at least 3 months to really now how it&#039;ll affect you. Don&#039;t give up."
"I take 0.75 mg at 6.00pm. This totally relieves restless legs syndrome for me. Side effects are mild but include profound sleepiness and mildly heightened libido (true!) which are somewhat self-defeating. Because Requip is a dopamine agonist it works alongside iron as a co-factor. Therefore, I need to minimise iron-depleting lifestyle factors as well as taking Requip. That means that I can only have de-caffeineated coffee and that I can&#039;t drink alcohol. "
"Started taking Pristiq about 4 months ago. I am also taking 300 mg. of trazodone to go to sleep (horrible insomnia). I also take 5 mg of Xanax a day. I started off at 50 mg on the Pristiq but I wasn&#039;t noticing anything different.  I still wanted to hide from everyone and not go to work or school. I now take 100mg of Pristiq and maybe it&#039;s helping? I am smiling at people, I just hope it is not fake."
"Hugely effective for first month. Some tolerance does develop eventually but overall still more effective than anything else I&#039;ve taken."
"Have been on Mozarin(Escitalopram 15mg) for about 3 years with one few months interval trying to give it up. Greatly helps for depression and social anxiety, makes body dysmorphic disorder easier to handle and somehow accept but absolutely doesn&#039;t cure. After this period of time decided to go off the medication as didn&#039;t see it was strong enough anymore. It&#039;s much worse without it, planning to go back on it or maybe start something new. Only drawback horrible withdrawal symptoms passing after 2-3 weeks."
"My Dr prescribed this medication at my request and it has helped me considerably. I used to drink every day around that &quot;happy hour&quot; time. I would drink hard alcohol of my choice for that week. I drank about 6-8 shot per night. 
I have been on Campral a week shy of two months. I have drank on two occasions but did not have the urge to drink it was a matter of just wanting a drink and seeing how Campral will work after the fact. I did not feel the urge to keep drinking the days after I drank on these two occasions. This medication works wonders for me and my family. They have me back. I recommend you try it out. I feel no side affects taking Campral. I can&#039;t even tell I have added this medication to my daily meds. 
Kim"
"Almost no negative side effects, aside from strange and vivid dreams; although I enjoy them and they aren&#039;t nightmares. Gabapentin helps me stay at ease when I&#039;m alone. My anxiety used to be bad, even when I was just sitting there but with this, it&#039;s gone. I take two 300mg pills each day. However, I still feel anxiety in social settings such as school but it makes life a lot easier, even though its not a 100% fix."
"The first 4 or so months on this pill were atrocious. Like everyone says...bleeding/cramping/spotting that did not stop for longer than a few days here and there...but I didn&#039;t get any other side effects which is the only reason I stuck with it. Things finally evened out about 5 or 6 months and I&#039;ll either get a normal period or nothing at all. The only possible side effect now is it seems I get night sweats around the time I would be PMSing but I got those before this pill. So that could just be me. I also have fibroids and had zero hope for this working for heavy bleeding since Mirena and Lysteda both failed me. I&#039;m happy for now, hopefully it doesn&#039;t turn against me!"
"This medication works YES...HOWEVER it has side effects not listed &amp; if you don&#039;t workout then you&#039;re not going to see the same results as the people loosing the mass amounts of weight!!! I took this supplement/medication almost 6 years ago &amp; I worked my hind end off the 30 days I took it I lost 17 pounds that&#039;s all I need motivation to get me started in the right direction to a healthy life I worked out five days a wk changed all my eating habits (stopped eating when I was satisfied not full, if I craved it I bought it took a bite/drink and satisfied my craving) I was the smallest and healthiest I had ever been or so I thought till 2/25/15 when I had my gallbladder removed bc the damage me &amp; my dr believes to have been from the adipex!"
"I have hirsutism due to polycystic ovarian syndrome. So I started using this product 5 days ago and oh my! I don&#039;t want to tempt fate but wow, it&#039;s working already. 
Over the past couple of days I&#039;ve seen the biggest improvement. The stubble that&#039;s growing through isn&#039;t coming in nearly as quickly and when I shave you can barely see the little black hairs under the skin. 
I would normally have to shave at the very least, once a day and again if I was going out in the evening. Evening comes and my razor is still attached to my bathroom wall. 
I will say that I am using slightly above the recommended dosage. Sometimes three times daily, rather than two and a slightly thicker than thin coat. I live in the UK where a 60g tube on prescription is only "
"The first two months were not fun but than it got better. I have been on it for almost 3 years and I&#039;m very happy with it. My periods are regular and I have had no mood swings, cramps, or migraines. I love it. Only thing is it is expensive and my insurance only covers 10 percent but it&#039;s worth it because it works so well."
"I started Paxil 6 days ago. I get married next month and my job switched me to sales. I couldn&#039;t take the stress- I went to the hospital thinking I was having a heart attack, to find out it was anxiety. I&#039;ve had chest pains, palpitations, obsessive nail biting and chewing.  I couldn&#039;t take it any more. I&#039;ve used 3 vacation days up just because of anxiety.  Also I&#039;m a 27 years old. Since I&#039;ve started Paxil I&#039;ve had a lot of side effects that I didn&#039;t associate with the medicine right away.  I have trouble urinating even when I have to go badly. I&#039;ve had short term memory loss like forgetting my work number, I feel hungover and dizzy, blurred vision, shakes, nausea, and inability to reach orgasm."
"My husband is 42 years old and has perfect (20/20) vision. He began experiencing eye trouble about two years ago. It began with a few floaters. He says he still has these floaters as well as a feeling as if there are &#039;shadows&#039; being cast over his eyes/eyelids. He also complains that they burn and have a &#039;sand&#039; or &#039;grit&#039; feeling in them. He has been to several eye doctors, all of which have either written him off completely, or diagnosed him with having severe dry eye. He tried Restasis and they have since become worse. No relief at all. He uses the non-preservative eye drops throughout the day and others occasionally. I see quite a few people have said the same thing, the Restasis just doesn&#039;t work. The discomfort has worsened."
"Hey everyone! So I had unprotected sex on Nov. 21st took plan b one step 30 minutes after(the sooner the better) I had my period   on Nov.12. I was so worried plan b wouldn&#039;t work. I knew I wasn&#039;t ovulating at the moment because I keep track of it. I say if u haven&#039;t ovulated already plan b has a higher chance of working. It&#039;s now Dec.7th and I started my period, it came early:) but it worked! and I&#039;m also 200lbs. Give it time it&#039;ll work! Keep in mind though your hormones is going to be out of whack. Where you&#039;ll think your having pregnancy symptoms. I have 3 kids already so imagine how much of a nervous wreck I was during the whole waiting game lol it works give it time!:) hope this helps many of you ease your minds.."
"Yep, you&#039;re gonna get a mild case of hiccups during the first 3 days or so, but like the man said below, it&#039;s better than cancer. Don&#039;t be foolish - smoking isn&#039;t good, and these work. After a few weeks, start trading off with cheap mint candies every other turn, then 3 to 1 etc. I started with 8 a day, and ended up done with it all at the beginning of week 5! Seriously, you really must want to quit. Get through the first week (that&#039;s the rough part), and it&#039;s all downhill after that. Do it!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lamotrigine (lamictal) for about a year. DR VERY slowly dosed me up to 150mg mostly because I keep missing doses. It begins working immediately. You&#039;ll experience drowsiness with each dosage upgrade. I started feeling more &quot;normal&quot; and balanced. It has also reduced frequency and intensity of panic attacks, no more tremors (might be due to addition of proprananol). I feel I should have been on this for years before now. I think it has increased made my skin dryer but thankfully no rash. It helped me cope with grief and aggression too. I&#039;ve insisted that Dr never take Me off this med."
"This has made me feel very ill and on top a horrible yeast infection a day after taking this pill. Do not take unless you know you absolutely have to. I didnt really need to take it because i had unprotected sex 2 days before my period but my partner insisted and now i have the worst symptoms. And need to make an appointment for my infection inconveniently.  My symptoms include extreme fatigue, cant eat food it makes me feel sicker than i already do, extreme emotions that make me want to die in a hole, angry rage sadness, ringing in my ears,  no motivation to do anything ive slept for over 30 hours in the past two days. I regret taking this and will never take again!!!"
"Of the non-benzodiazepeine anti-anxiety agents, Vistaril is my first choice. Vistaril seperates itself from the others by rapidly inducing a pleasant &amp; warm feeling. By comparison, things like Compazine and clonidine are much colder and more harsh in side effects. Although Vistaril is gentle &amp; easy going for the first hour or so, a strong drowsiness will come on by Hour #2. But overall I&#039;d still rank it as a side-effect-free type of medicine, when compared to other non-benzo anxiolytics."
"I have had mirena for 2 weeks now.  I am 18 years old and don&#039;t have any children.  The insertion was very painful for me.  I had cramps for at least 4 hours afterwards once the medicine kicked in.  I have had minor cramps ever since the insertion, but not bad.  I&#039;ve spotted a little everyday.  I wake up and feel like I&#039;m going to vomit in the mornings, but after I am up and eat, it goes away.  I&#039;ve actually lost my appetite and lost weight just in the 2 weeks of having it.  So far I love it! Hopefully I don&#039;t have any of the side effects like acne.  I recommend this to anyone!"
"I was put on Harvoni for eight weeks...I was Hep C do to massive transfusions I got in Vietnam.  Nobody knew about Hep C way back then, I&#039;ve been told.  Anyway, took the drug which I could not afford ($1000.00) a pill.  Gilead, the manufacturer paid for it.  God bless BigPharma!!  One year later....I AM CURED!!! Oh btw I had no noticeable side effect what so ever."
"I haven&#039;t been able to fall asleep until after 2 or 3am for about a year, even if I was extremely tired I would just lie in bed for hours. I would be lucky if I got 3-5 hours of sleep a night. My doctor prescribed me Ambien 2 weeks ago. I&#039;ve been getting the best sleep ever. I even wake up after 6-8 hours fully refreshed and awake. I&#039;m just happy to be getting a normal sleep. This really works. I have no stories of waking up in the middle of the night doing odd things."
"Yaz saved my skin. I had severe acne, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts, the works, on my face. I was prescribed Yaz after none of the topical medications worked, for example, Tazorac, in both the gel and cream form. It does take a while to see the full effect. I noticed after 2 months the shine that I always had on my face went away, and slowly, over a course of about 9 months my skin was completely clear. It was a miracle, to say the least. My dermatologist kept me on the Tazorac just as a caution, but I know it was the Yaz that truly cleared my skin up. I highly recommend Yaz as long as you are in good health to use it (don&#039;t smoke or anything) and want to see a real change in your skin."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for 3 months now and so far it&#039;s not horrible- only a few bad things are.. I am extremely tired and not in the mood for sex! I have 2 young kids so being tired/lazy is not really an option. I was never like this and I was never not in the mood for sex. I also get a little dryness. On a good note, I do have short periods. The first month it was really light the second month was kind of heavy but short so I&#039;m waiting to see how this third month goes. If nothing changes far as tiredness and not wanting sex, I&#039;ll switch. I currently do not pay for this BC because my insurance covers it 100% but I rather pay $5-$10 so I&#039;m not always tired and wanting to have sex with my husband more."
"I wanted to share my experience with the procedure. I am 19 and never have had kids. When they put in the Mirena it didn&#039;t hurt like many women on the review said. It felt like a quick cramp and then it was all over with. It&#039;s been about three days, and so far I have had light cramping about 3 times a day and spotting."
"I started taking this medicine after a long unsuccessful stint on methotrexate. Metho made me super tired and my hair fell out in clumps with almost no improvement in pain, stiffness, or energy level. Xeljanz changed my life! My hair also grew back full force on this medicine and my energy level is totally restored. I get a flare maybe twice a year on this medicine and have figured out that a prednisone taper and a month of this can kick me into a 4-8 month remission period. It really works and worked within the first week for me. I am 24 and have not experienced many side effects after the first week of pills. It has also decreased the severity of my seasonal allergies and totally eliminated the eczema I used to get all over the place."
"drug works, but it can nearly kill you.
Side effects for me were same as heart attack. If your allergic It can kill you. Take at your own risk.
If you are allergic to penicillin DO NOT TAKE IT. Dr will tell you only 1-10% of people show reactions, but you could be that 1 % and be dead too. It was a bad experience."
"So I had anxiety and depression. My GP prescribed Lexapro initially, then Wellbutrin, then Zoloft (coupled with Xanax). Nothing was working and I was waking up in the morning every day with panic attacks. My GP recommended I go to a Psych, which I did for first time in my life. He changed me to long acting Xanex XR   Pristiq. Both have been massively better and Pristiq could be a game changer. The side effects I had adjusting to SSRIs were very very bad but getting on Pristiq has been very easy. Only a headache for 2 days. I recommend people try this. My panic attacks and anxiety literally vanished after 3-4 days. I feel like I finally found what I needed."
"I treated with Interferon in 2001 and with Pegasyst in 2010,both of these meds ruined my life! It has caused Chronic Pancreatitis,Chronic Bronchitis,R.A.,SLE Lupus,Sjogrens,Fibro.,CFS and many other Health problems.Before treatment I was a health nut...bench pressed well over 300 lbs...now I can barely wipe my own a##!! These meds have just about taken me out of this world!.And I look and can not believe that there is no lawsuit against the Pharma companys"
"I&#039;ve been taking Invokana for 11 months.  Started on 100mg for three weeks then increased to 300 mg daily.  My Hgb A1C has gone from 9.6 to 7.1 and my weight has decreased 70 pounds.  I&#039;ve decreased my insulin Humulog 75/25 by 80% and decreased my Metformin by 25%.  Still tapering these.  I&#039;ve gone down three clothing sizes, even my shoes are too big!  I have had one yeast infection and do use the bathroom more often, but it is worth it!"
"My 17 year old son has had severe acne on his face, chest, back and very oily hair for several years.  He started taking Claravis two weeks ago and the results are amazing already.  The acne on all areas is clearing and his hair looks great.  
We are noticing changes in his self confidence already; wanting to fix his hair, will shave face (wouldn&#039;t shave to hide acne), and smiling more.  The only negative is pain in his elbows.  So far, we love this medicine.  One last thing, I took Accutane 25 years ago for acne and haven&#039;t had a problem with it since."
"Citalopram has felt like a complete and utter blessing in my life. I feel like a normal person for the first time in years! It started working for me after two days. At first I felt really happy but now I just feel level and happy like any other person. I was so ashamed about my anxiety and depression and tried to cope with it for years. I am so glad that I finally went to my G.P for help. I know now that I can cope with my thoughts/life. Nothing has really changed practically but I now have a positive outlook. I can cope! Friends and family can see the difference and I am no longer suicidal. I don&#039;t mind the side effect of yawning plus I can still drink but don&#039;t crave it as much. If you are depressed and reading this I&#039;d say give it a go."
"Synarel has been a god send for me in many ways.  It helped with pain and had much fewer side effects than depo lupron.  I felt like myself again while taking the synarel and it helped suppress the endo for over 2 years."
"Made my symptoms worse - so much for 24 hour relief."
"I&#039;m on it right now, it&#039;s my 3rd day out of 5 on it and even though it got rid of my UTI right away I have been feeling sick. I feel super nauseous at the moment and I can&#039;t get any sleep because I feel like I&#039;m going to vomit, I feel bloated and have a tiny headache. I think this medication is way to strong for me, I would prefer taking something that gives me less side affects. Worst antibiotic I&#039;ve ever taken."
"Very effective from the beginning! Although I came across a few side effects - redness, dryness, peeling of skin - this cream completely eliminated most of my acne. I particularly found it astonishing that over the space of a few months my Cysts had decreased - in size -dramatically. They&#039;d shrink and leak until they vanish usually not leaving any scars, only marks - which will fade over a period of time. When my skin was feeling painful due to the side effects - stinging at night - I&#039;d stop using duac for a couple of days and moisturise up. Once the side effects decreased slightly I&#039;d go back on it. I took Duac along side the antibiotic erythromycin - however I didn&#039;t find that drug effective."
"I was on a few meds that didn&#039;t help much. But when I started taking Buspar, I noticed I felt more at ease and I am now able to do a lot more than I was able to do before. I suffer from severe panic attacks and was at the point of giving up. I lost friends and confused family members because they could not relate to my bouts of panic. Fear from panic limited me to do the most simple things like shop, travel or even drive in cars with friends. I couldn&#039;t enjoy a meal at a restaurant without looking for an exit. I couldn&#039;t go to crowded places without wanting to run. But now after a 6 weeks on this medication. I&#039;m able to concentrate and enjoy life so much better. I&#039;m nowhere near 100% but this medication is saving me little by little."
"I loved this pill. I was taking it for PMDD as well as very painful and heavy periods. I took or for about three months with no side effects except my breasts grew a full cup size and were incredibly sensitive. Then on my fourth month I had breakthrough bleeding the whole month! I wish this hadn&#039;t happened as I was really happy with Yaz. My doctor just switched me to Yasmin,  so we will see!"
"Worst BP med ever, I was like a zombie on it and gained weight very fast,"
"I am on my 4th year with Mirena and it has been great.  The original procedure was not painful, a little uncomfortable but nothing major.  Slight cramping after the procedure.  No monthly cramps, it took a while before they became almost non-existent (maybe 1 year), no mood swings.  I am happy with mine."
"I rate it a 10 because I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant in the 2 years but at this point I rather be pregnant. The first month was perfect, but the second month until now has been terrible. I have terrible acne all over my face, chest, and back. My acne wasn&#039;t even close to being this bad ever not even when I was going through middle or high school. I have gained some weight but not much. The biggest issue I have with this birth control is the non-stop random bleeding the lasts for months and the horrible cramps. I have also developed ovarian cysts which are painful but usually go away within a week. I have gone to the doctor many times but I was always handed a pack of birth control pills to make up for the estrogen that isn&#039;t in the bar."
"I can&rsquo;t overstress the importance of lemons during the prep. Get a bag of lemons and cut them in quarters. Suck on the lemon quarter, drink the solution through a straw, suck on the lemon, drink the solution, etc. You will not even taste or smell it. Also, schedule your exam in the afternoon. You will be able to drink 1/2 of the solution the night before and 1/2 in the morning. Very tolerable way to get through this!"
"I have debated writing a review or my experience but after much thought I decided that women need to know about when it doesn&#039;t work as well as when it does work. My husband and I are married with two beautiful children and just 6 months after my 2nd child was born my hubby and I had unprotected sex, in the heat of the moment. The next morning I took plan b and we went on with our lives. Due to me breastfeeding still and not yet getting a period, I didn&#039;t think anything about not having a period. It was 6 weeks later and I was pregnant. I learned that if you are ovulating or have ovulated, plan b does not work! Be careful ladies!"
"This medication has been a miracle worker for me. I tried 15, yes 15 different medications ranging from SSRIs, SNRIs, mood stabilizers, and tricyclics ... This is the only one that has worked for me. It basically &quot;turns everything down&quot; for me. I have horrendous anxiety that causes my depression, so the dampening is a huge relief. I had nausea and other digestive issues for about a week, but those subsided. I&#039;ve been on this medication twice now: I stopped when I wished to become pregnant and restarted after my daughter was born."
"Gave suicide thoughts and dreams.  Please be careful taking this drug."
"10 years pain sufferer. Opana ER was my Godsent.40mg,night and evening and only using percocet for breakthrough. Very rarely. I have a life back. I tried every medicine out there and never had this relief. Mind you been taking so long, no high effect, just pain control. Those looking for quick high, not for you. Time released. Sad to have to say that but great med when used for right reason"
"Minor side effects, worked great."
"I have had anxiety all my life and I am now 63 years old. About 3 years ago my life spun out of control with generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder and I was not functional as a human being. I tried Buspar to start and it did nothing to help me then I tried Zoloft and I could not handle the side effects. Finally I got on brand name Lexapro which started helping me. Once I leveled off at 40 mg per day I resumed being my normal self. About a month ago I switched to generic escitalopram and now I am noticing I am not as happy and I am having anxiety symptoms again. I am going back to brand name immediately. I don&#039;t care what anyone says brand is better than generic and there is a difference."
"This medicine actually helps me feel 20 years younger...I ran out for a couple of days and I realized just how much this medicine works for me...without it after about an hour of being on my feet my lower back and hips start aching like toothache pain...with this medicine I usually can work all day and all evening and don&#039;t hurt until it&#039;s close to bedtime and time for the next dose...so thankful my doctor was able to call in a prescription before my next appointment...love love this medicine"
"I passed out from taking one sertraline 50Mg.  I had waves of all my nerves being on fire and extreme nausea.  It raised my blood pressure to over 200 and my blood sugar to over 200.  I realize that I&#039;m probably the exception, but in rare cases, one of the side effects listed is &quot;loss of consciousness&quot;.  Well, that was true for me.  If I could give this medicine a negative score I would. 
I would rather be depressed than suffer what I went through with this stuff.  It was a nightmare!"
"I got a severe allergic reaction after taking this medicine for 2 days: my lips were really swollen, fingers got swollen, I got skin rash. It seemed to be helping with the pneumonia though."
"I took Contrave as doctor ordered . I did not feel any improvement in appetite or weight loss. When I got to third week 2 am and 1 pm I was feeling bloated stomach hurt . I thought I will try to get to week 4 which was 2 am. and 2 pm. but I didn&#039;t get there. I was starting to feel out of breath and really bloated. I went back to doctor I said I can not take this anymore it is making me feel bad. I feel alright now .  But my share of cost of Contrave was $229.00 which I am out of pocket and still have half the pills of  120 left."
"I have been percribed a multitude of medications in the last year and a half or so. As it turns out I have been very sensitive to the first 2 types of antidepressants.cipralex was the first then zoloft.  I have been diagnosed with what the Dr said as a&quot; high anxiety mood disorder&quot;

It seems that life as I once knew it has melted away and I feel so ashamed and empty. 
The zoloft was such a horrible experience for me. I also was perscribed clonazepam 0.5mg =3"
"My wife was told to try this. A few days later started having heart racing problems. She went to a cardiologist, he changed her heart meds but still kept happing.  We finally looked up the breo side effects and stopped taking it. She hasn&#039;t had a problem sence."
"I had extremely painful periods and constant bleeding. My doctor started me on the shot in Jan. and had second one in March. Best thing I ever did. No bleeding after 1st month and no pain after the 2nd month. Side effects were in my opinion mild. Worst were the hot flashes but in my opinion worth it. Doctor only wanted me to have to 2 shots so after June going to see what happens. I don&#039;t want to get on any birth control so will see what happens. I&#039;m really hoping this makes it all better."
"I started taking Zoloft about three weeks ago. I have noticed various symptoms, I grind my teeth quite a bit which brings on headaches, I yawn constantly and I am always tired (even if I have eight hours sleep). I have not experienced any weight gain as yet, or any other symptoms associated with this medicine. I used to have panic attacks every second day, I have not had one since I started taking Zoloft which is a great outcome. I did get a bit panicky in a social situation two days ago, though was able to control my emotions so I didn&#039;t have a panic attack. So far so good."
"Update:  I have been on Qsymia for about six weeks and have lost twenty pounds.  I feel pretty good and am getting into some really good eating habits while taking this medication.  The only side effect I have had is constipation and it is pretty much under control.  Feel great!"
"This medicine was given to me after dental work. It did make me itch, but unlike other hydrocodone medicines, this one did not make me vomit. It knocked out my pain."
"I am 5 feet tall and weighed 220 pounds at my highest weight, then I dropped 10 pounds with exercise and diet but plateaued. I started Phentermine on 4/19/2016 and weighed 210 and on 4/26/2016 I weighed in at 201.5!!! That&#039;s 8.5 pounds in a week! So excited to see what the next couple months bring for me!"
"I had 3-10 mg tabs in a day. By the third pill my throat was swelling, hives had appeared, I was agitated, confused &amp; having horrible cramps. Was given 50 mg Benadryl every 4 hours for first 24 hours but it took 3 days to return to normal."
"I am in a study using Sprycel as INITIAL treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). When first diagnosed with CML, my white blood cell (wbc) count was 19,000. I started taking Sprycel 50mg twice a day. On my 3 month follow-up, my wbc was 5,000 and my BCR-ABL was 0.001 (Almost complete remission). Have been there for the past year with very little side effects. Just occasional headache and mild skin outbreaks. I would highly recommend it to anyone with CML."
"Most amazing medication ever for acne- it feels like it&#039;s renewing skin while you sleep and helps to clear up skin immediately-- highly recommend!"
"Hands down the very best way to end the day. Not only is it the only sleeping pill that worked for me of the dozens of OTC and prescribed sleep aids, it felt really good. No matter how bad my day was, 20 minutes after I took the ambien I&#039;d always have a smile and laugh my ass off to Saturday Night Live episodes on Hulu before getting the best and consistent sleep ever. Sure, my first couple times I had a hangover effect, but the next year I was on ambien I ALWAYS felt refreshed the next morning."
"My doctor had prescribed this for me because my anxiety ramps up when I&#039;m trying to sleep. He started me out at 25 mg/day. While on it, I would sleep 16 hours, be a zombie for the 8 I was awake, and have really trippy dreams and terrifying nightmares - both of which felt 100% real and some of them I had to ask if they happened. I was cut back to 12.5 mg/day and I&#039;m only sleeping 12 hours and groggy for four. I still have weird dreams, but they don&#039;t seem completely real as often.

I have not been on it long enough for my body to adjust, so this may lessen as time goes on.

It does help with the anxiety and panic attacks, although I won&#039;t drive after I&#039;ve taken it so I can only take it at home."
"I am a nurse and struggled with sleep while on night shift. I took half a Doxylamine (Restavit) and slept well.  An hour after waking I then went into fast atrial fibrillation (HR 160 - 200), I ended up in emergency needing D/C Cardio-version to revert me back to a normal rhythm.  Though I have colleagues who have had good results with this medicine I had a terrible experience and will never take it again.  POTENTIALLY a very dangerous drug!!!!  be careful."
"I have muscle atrophy and have been taking MS Contin for about a year now. I started taking 15mg in the morning and 15mg in the afternoon. That stopped working. So we went to 30mg in the morning and 15mg in the afternoon. That stopped working so now I just started taking 30mg twice a day and so far it&#039;s working. I have a lot of pain but we will see how long this dose works for. I think it has a lot of side effects as well. But I couldn&#039;t live without it."
"I&#039;m Bipolar 1 Rapid Cycling &amp; also have ADD; this medication saved my life. I have been on it for a year now (along with a cocktail of others, I am BP 1, let&#039;s be realistic) titrating from 5 mg to 30 mg all at night. I was in constant mixed states, I couldn&#039;t control my impulses, my anxiety and paranoia were through the roof and I was unemployed - leaving the house, let alone working wasn&#039;t an option. I work fulltime now in a professional environment, back on my career track. My mood is stable, and for once in my 15 year diagnosis I can say I&#039;m stable.  Side effects take time to pass, and some never go away, for me, its AM daily muscle pain for 90 mins. I haven&#039;t been able to touch a drop of liquor, not even a sip of beer; I prefer sanity."
"Was on Pristiq about a year ago, got of it due to, being totally grey, NO highs - No lows limited high happy moments.  I know its supposed to level your moods.  But I wanted off it.  I weaned myself of it by buying a steel bladed pill cutter, cut the pill into "
"I have been on this birth control for two months now. The first month I had no bleeding. The first day that I started the second month I started bleeding and I have been bleeding every single day since. It&#039;s freaking miserable!!!"
"I have been on Vyvanse for over a year, started at 20mg then 30,40,50 and decided 40mg was perfect for me. I am a college student and have always had undiagnosed ADHD. MY grades in high school were mostly C&#039;s and B&#039;s. After being on Vyvanse my grades went up. It was weird because I felt more over-stimulated Adderall type buzz/high feeling at 20 and 30mgs. I liked that feeling but I was having side effects like lack of sleep. I actually then upped my dose to 50mgs. Around that time I was holding 2 jobs and studying full time, 6 college classes. The 40 and 50mg actually made me feel more normal as if I wasn&#039;t taking anything except my mind was focused. I lacked side effects and everything was perfect. My grades are now 3.5GPA thanks to Vyvanse."
"Started taking 75mg twice a day for 1 month. Maybe had a little reduced pain.  Notice a slight tremor in hands/coordination. Trembling. I ignored this.  Had immediate huge increase in appetite.  Already overweight at 210 lbs. Gained 12 lbs. in 3 weeks.  My Doctor increased my dose to 150mg twice a day..  Sent me a second bottle 4 days after I had received the last bottle.  I started taking two 75mg capsules twice a day as prescribed. WOW. Almost immediately I had much more trembling/uncoordinated in legs, arms, hands and difficulty controlling  mouth during speech. While sitting these issues are very slight but still present.  Typing on a keyboard is difficult. BUT When I Go To Stand Up And Walk Like I Normally Do Without A Problem...WOW..."
"I had the Paragard inserted after my son was born in 2011. For 5 and a half years I loved it and recommended it to all my friends. I liked the reliability of the IUD as a non-hormonal birth control option.... until I got pregnant. Shock of my life! I had the IUD removed yesterday and am waiting to see what happens with the pregnancy."
"I have been depressed for almost 3 years, could not get enough sleep, was no fun, slept all the time, had no interest in anything anymore, felt like I was in a cloud most of the time, had vibrations in my thyroid, have gained 40 pounds. I started to take this medicine 3 DAYS ago and I feel like a different person- the old me. Everyone is commenting on how different I am. My body must have been so depleted of the thyroid hormone for years, and my body was not working right. If this gets better and better my life is going to change! I am so happy!"
"I have been using Epiduo for about 4 months now and I have seen major improvements.  My facial recipe consists of Cetaphil, Neutrogena Sunscreen, and Epiduo. I use this combination once in the morning and once at night. It has really helped me a lot I could cry.  I have been suffering from acne for 10 years and have finally found my solution. Now my dermatologist did prescribe me doxycycline to expedite the clearing of my skin but has taken me off."
"Livalo did bring my numbers down very well in about 6 weeks. However I am now off it with my doctor&#039;s blessing as I cannot take the side effects of terrible shoulder pain as well as hands, neck, back, knees &amp; the worsening of neuropathy in the feet and a dull ache in the head.  Experienced increased thirst, feeling of having a fever (though not). My memory was not as sharp. I have experienced this on Lipitor, Crestor, Vitoryn, Pravastatin &amp; now Livalo.  My doctor said he does not want me in pain &amp; said there are people who have high numbers but still do fine. Have been off Livalo for about a week &amp; see symptoms improving.  I am tired of living on &quot;Statin Island&quot;,  so once again I have moved on. Am trying plant sterols, pectin, fiber, oats."
"Just started Bromocriptine 2.5 mg. Took the pill around 9:30pm and was OK for an hour or so (mild cramping), went to sleep and woke up around 4a.m I could not see my vision was completely distorted, the room was spinning, my legs and my arms felt like jello and I swore I could smell and taste the pill. Scariest experience ever. Next day still have pounding head ache and dizziness. Do not recommend this medication. Had better luck with the Cabergoline (although health coverage doesn&#039;t cover it  - you bet I&#039;ll be paying the monthly fee for no side effects)."
"I have been using this medication for the past seven days.  I have felt nauseous for most of that time plus a constant headache, plus my eyes are red all day.  I think I will go back to my over the counter eye drops."
"Hot liquid (tomatoes, oil, spices) splashed right onto my cheek as I turned the blender on. Instant second degree superficial burns (blisters) on at least 10 different spots. Was prescribed 1% Silver Sulfadiazine at urgent care. Immediately calmed my skin in a matter of minutes. Every time I applied it, there was a cooling effect. Healed every single blister in 5 days. The blister fluid was resorbed into my body and the top layer turned light brown and eventually sloughed off as I washed my face every morning with Cetaphil soap. 0 scarring, except for one spot that is still pink (5th day today). This was where the skin peeled off as I tried to wash my face. The results are dramatic. Wish this were OTC."
"Many men complain of mild stuffiness, headaches, nausea, palpitations, etc.
Advice: Try lower doses until the effect isn&#039;t enough.
Example: My Doc gave me a few 20mg Levitra to try out.  Did that. Love it but:
WHOA!  Way too strong for me. Stuffy nose, mild pulse racing, mild headache.
1. Cut dose by half, still a bit much for me, as side effects persisted to some degree.
2. Cut dose in half again, JUST RIGHT! Side effects almost un-noticible.

Same with Vardenifil. Sometimes all I need is a small &#039;chip&#039; of it to get&#039;er done. Dissolve under tongue. "
"My son is 13 and has been on several ADHD medications.  I liked the Vyvance at first because I did see an improvement in his ability to sit and listen and pay attention, however it didn&#039;t last long enough.  The doctor has increased the dosage several time and now he is up to 60mg daily. The problem is that he has lost over 20lbs because he simply won&#039;t eat and now it seems after four months on this medicine its like his body has adapted to it and he is super hyper.  I spoke to the doctor about it and he said he can do real damage at his age with the weight loss and not eating and that the stimulant is actually wiring him up.  We are going to take him off of the Vyvanse and put him on a non stimulant medication."
"I am 80 years old. My health is not the best and so I do not get around much any more,  I read a lot using paperbacks and a Kindle Fire HD 8.9, I watch some tv and I use my desk top for news and general knowledge and photography..
   If my eyes are burning from allergies, I use Opcon-A and it gives me more relief than other drops I have used.  For dry eyes, I use Refresh."
"I`ve had Ulcerative Colitis (U.C) since I was 17. At the age of 25 I thought I was having a heart attack and went to the emergency room. I was diagnosed with a panic attack ,they gave me a XANAX (1mg). No more heart attack. Told my doctor the story and with my history of U.C he prescribed 2mg a day. I&#039;m now 37 years young and XANAX freed the tyranny of two debilitating conditions."
"Hi, im a male, 23 yo. Was fighting with warts in my perineum area for almost 2 years. I tried to burn them in my home with a pc air duster (if you sprayed it upside down it sprays a very cold subtance, like nitrogen but weaker) and it works but it can give you marks and after some time the warts grew again. I was really scared so i tried imiquimod (I&#039;m from Peru, here you can find it with the name imimore). I applied a really tiny amount of cream before sleeping 3x a week for like 12 weeks and didn&#039;t notice any improvement, so I switch to apply every day and it magically start working, my skin get a little irritated and itched a bit but never had pain or drastic side effects. Now its been 16 weeks and I&#039;m clean!

 MY ADVISE, BE PATIENT"
"I had severe tinea on my feet for years until I went to a dermatologist who prescribed this medicine.  I could not even wear summer sandals my feet were so dry and rashy. 

For the first week of taking terbinafine I felt very nauseous and dizzy and nearly stopped taking it, however I have seen an amazing improvement in my feet lately. I was also prescribed 10% Beta steroid cream in a cetamacrogol moisturiser to put on every day. I reckon the terbinafine has helped my overall health and skin."
"I have been on this for 5 weeks. No side effects. No benefits whatsoever."
"When I had my panic attack my blood pressure was 182/164. I really thought I was going to die. I&#039;m only 18 but I was very stressed out. My family doctor put me on Ativan 0.5mg 3 times a day and all I can say is &quot;wow&quot; it has helped me so much."
"The depression I suffered with the implanon was scary. Until I had it removed I had no idea what a horrid grip it had on my emotions. I wanted to die most of the time. As soon as It came out I cried almost non stop for a few days and then started feeling better. Almost back to my normal self now. Thank goodness."
"Not been on for long but mainly got it for PMDD symptoms - which are very similar to the mood swings effects of Nexplanon. I feel amazing. I was so scared to have it done but it didn&#039;t hurt to get it in - but the bruises were unsightly and meant I had to wear long sleeved tops for a week. Only side effects for me are occasional headaches, more spots (solved by daily facewash), dry throat, appetite, and similar to Irritable Bowel Syndrome symptoms but all solved by boosting blood sugar. Spotting isn&#039;t a problem as long as you remember to carry pantyliners. This is nothing compared to my past problems, very happy - but yet to see if it prevents pregnancy!"
"Age 51. Went to get my regular bloodwork with my Doctor. My cholestral has always been &gt;200 and have a family history of Heart Attack and stroke. I tried everything over the years including Crestor which was an absolute disaster for me after only 4 doses. Since then tried the natural methods Red Yeast Rice (may as well be on a statin the side effects are basically the same) and lots of fish and Krill oil. I was disappointed that my bad cholesterol was high after all that still and my number was 219 total. Based on my unwillingness to try another Statin my Dr. suggested a 500mg pill of Niaspan to be taken nightly. I have experienced no flushing as yet after a month on it and really no bad side effects. New blood results 192! Will check back in 3 mos."
"It works because it has steroids. Steroids reboot the immune system. Steroids can also cause problems so use as little as possible. .. you will figure it out."
"I&#039;ve been on Prozac for 17 years, and it&#039;s still a miracle drug for me. It definitely saved my life. I tried going off of it, and that was a mistake.  Fortunately, it still works for me."
"I took Nardil for 21 years.  It worked better than anything else, until the dose was increased from 10 to 40 mg per day.  None of my physicians were able to diagnose the cause of the grotesque swelling of my legs.  A friend suggested it might be the Nardil; I quit taking it and proved her right.  Even in reduced doses, the swelling persisted.  I now take something else."
"I thought since I had such a horrible experience I would write a review. So I did give it a 2 out of ten just because I didn&#039;t get pregnant an entire year on this medicine, so it is technically effective and also is convenient. But the side effects were just not worth it. I literally turned into a crazy person.  No libido. I was so unbelievably depressed for months and it came on slowly so I didn&#039;t really notice how bad it was until I hit rock bottom. I would cry for hours about nothing. I almost broke up with my boyfriend of 6 years because I was so depressed and I didn&#039;t understand why I was so unhappy. Bad experience for me. Not worth it, in my opinion but everyone is different !"
"It has been great, but I am to relaxed and have not much desire to do things but when I need to do things it&#039;s not a problem, in fact my work has been much faster than it has been in years. I am more focused and content. The unusual effects have been it has stopped my hypoglycemia, caffeine has no effect on me any longer and I have no withdrawals at all when stopped cold."
"I have been taking 2mg for 2 years.  My initial dose was 0.5 mg, but until I took 2mg it would not help me sleep.
 If I have an extremely stressful afternoon/evening, my doc said I could take 2 tabs (4mg), as long as I don&rsquo;t take that dose more than twice a month and not on consecutive days. 
I get between 6 1/2 - 8 hours of great sleep per night and feel very rested and energetic each day. I am a very active, athletic person and feel no hangover effect from it. I just feel like I have my life back after sleeping no more than 3 hours per night for 8 years. 
I have a friend who has taken it for 8 years with the same results as me.  Neither of us take any other medication."
"OK so it has been exactly 2 weeks and 2 days since I had the Skyla put in. I have read multiple reviews before going with this procedure and wish I would have read more. You definitely want to take at least a  day off of work. After I had it done I was ok for about 2 hours then it just got worse. Your body really needs to relax afterwards, Think of it, you are having a device/drug put into your uterus for 3 to 6 years permanently?! Any ways I figured after a couple days cramping would stop.  I had it put in on my last day of my period FYI. On the 5th day (I&#039;m traveling for a wedding so I&#039;m on a plane) I started cramping so bad"
"I have had cold sores since I was a baby. People without this simplex don&#039;t understand and are often quite cruel. I have accumalated 30 years worth of inventing new ways to hide my face, and unbelievable lies to explain the sores away. I had tried every method of over the counter medication and ointments to no avail, and every homeopathic trick in the book. Not anymore. The claims are true... Abreva changed everything 2 years ago. You MUST apply the medication at the very first sign of warmth and tingling or it will not work as described. If you wait for full blown bubbly blisters you will not have the optimal outcome. I had the tell tale tingle yesterday, bought a tube of Abreva within the hour, and today it&#039;s dormant and invisible."
"I take 100mg twice a day with no issues since I was found with atrial fibrillation.  Before I was taking Coreq and my resting heartbeat was always 43, now with this medicine it&#039;s 45 to 50 and my cardiologist says all is fine have a pacemaker and defibrillator."
"Significantly reduces my Crohn&#039;s symptoms."
"I have been on this med just over 3 weeks. I initially was put off by the side effects (feeling a bit off, nausea, body aches) so started at one tab every other day. That seemed to make the transition better. But still not without side effects. The worst of which are: dry mouth (which helps up water intake so not too bad), hot flashes (which are NOT fun but manageable ), and constipation (the worst of them all and nothing I do seems to help).   
But to date I have just hit my 10 lb lost mark!  Within the first few days I could walk by cakes or donuts that were brought in to work and it was like it didn&#039;t even register as &quot;food&quot; in my mind.  Cravings for soda and junk are gone and I can eat very little to feel full."
"I am now on my second bottle of Uceris.  It took about 2 weeks before it became effective for my microscopic colitis; in other words, when my diarrhea stopped completely.  After becoming effective, I experienced 2 side effects; first, swelling of both ankles that lasted a few days, less than a week.  After that, I had no ankle problem at all, except for a feeling of pins and needles on both feet, which I don&#039;t find problematic.  Second, an increase in appetite, which I needed, as I had lost 11 lb. as a result of diarrhea.  The appetite increase lasted about 10 days.  Uceris has given me a chance at feeling well, and able to live my life."
"My GP prescribed Neurontin to treat pain from PHN, increasing to 1800mg per day. After 6 weeks I find it does reduce pain to some extent and I am able to get a reasonable sleep. Side effects include ringing in ears and tingling in feet and hands, but I can put up with this.
 I was previously taking Lyrica but experienced very nasty side effects and had  to be weaned off it."
"My 9 yr old son got sick with the flu (confirmed by swab) on a Thursday afternoon. Before bed we gave him the Tamiflu. Overnight he was very sick with a high fever, vomiting and headache, but the next morning after his second dose of Tamiflu was already starting to feel much better, fever a lot lower and eating soup. The medicine is easier on the stomach if you eat something with it, otherwise it can cause stomach/digestion distress. Like others who posted, was skeptical about using it, especially for a child, but so far its worked well."
"In my 80s, A-Fib diagnosed 18 years ago. Tried all the drugs at the time to correct it including going through Cardiac-Ablation w/o anesthesia (sedation did not help much). Nothing worked. On Coumadin until 2 years go - didn&#039;t like the limitations on food intake due to Vit.K avoidance- switched to Eliquis. Very happy with it. Possibly contributes to constipation like other Rx I take, but can&#039;t blame Eliquis. No other apparent side effects. Glad to longer take &#039;rat poison&#039;, which my son always reminded me I&#039;d been taking and enjoying green vegetables again."
"I&#039;m 24 and have struggled with major depression since I was 14, with past self harm, eating disorders and suicide attempts.

I started citalopram just over a year ago and take 40mg per day. I have found it has really helped me. The biggest side effect for me is the tiredness and fatigue, I am very sporty and a fitness instructor so this has a huge effect on my motivation and training. I also find it affects my university studies. Although on the flipside I actually feel normal and rarely have suicidal thoughts or feelings of hopelessness. So I guess the tiredness is worth it.  Oh and I have CRAZY dreams!"
"This medicine does seem to help quite a bit with nerve pain. I do tend to have a easily over sensitive nervous system.  Lyrica makes me feel a lot better at night time so I can sleep. I take MS-Contin in the day and Lyrica at night.  My life would be a lot less stable without Lyrica. I believe the best way I can describe what it does is slow down the pain signals so they are not as noticeable. "
"I unfortunately did not have the same experience as the rest, day 1 was  great i thought finally I can breath without struggling, day 2 was  using my rescue inhaler. So upset, so tired of trying to find something to work."
"Have been on Gilenya just shy of 2 years with no relapses. My last MRI showed no new lesions, no active lesions, and some lesions decreasing in size. I love this medicine in that it allows me to be in denial about my MS. Prior to starting Gilenya, I was on Copaxone for 3 years, which was less effective, and during that time I experienced 5-6 immediate post-injection reactions that were scary and exhausting. My neurologist told me that Gilenya will change the way we think about MS. I&#039;m looking forward to long term data on Gilenya&#039;s effectiveness, and enjoying life in spite of my diagnosis. This medicine works for me."
"I was prescribed this medicine for bronchitis, 500mg. for 7 days. It really cleared up the bronchitis, but left me with bad tendonitis in my right leg.  No telling how long this will go on.  I can barely walk when I first get up in the morning, although it gets better with gentle exercise.  I too have noticed crazy dreams, no dizziness, but I think it is causing me to make some bad decisions.  Do not take this medicine for anything under any conditions.  Find some other drug.  The side effects are unpredictable, come on after you have already stopped taking it, and are miserable.  I&#039;m going to try some of the remedies the other reviewers have mentioned."
"I have Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder. When it works, it works great.  When it doesn&#039;t, it&#039;s difficult. I have noticed that if I do not fall asleep within 30 minutes of taking melatonin, I end up tossing and turning for most of the night. The worst part is I feel as though I have to constantly stretch my legs."
"Initially, my doctor started me out on 20mg, but increased the dosage to 30mg after I complained of occassional bouts of anxiety.  I started the medication about six months ago.  I&#039;m 23 and not on any additional medication.  Now, I feel like I can balance college, family and work.  I&#039;m not experiencing anxiety and panic attacks like I was prior to the Prozac.  The first three weeks of the medication involved sick feelings, but I&#039;m glad that I stuck with it.  I also started to visit with a psychologist once a month. This has been very beneficial.  Makes me wonder why I struggled with this for years before getting help."
"Just started my second pack of this pill. I switched from tri-sprintec due to side effects from that such as nausea, constant breast tenderness, and increased anxiety. I have had no side effects with Orysthia so far. My breasts did get tender before my period, but I&#039;m used to that anyways. My period started the 3rd day of placebo pills and I had mild cramping. My period did last for 5-7 days but was not heavy. My sex drive  is pretty low, but it has been ever since I started taking any form of birth control about 7 months ago. Overall, I&#039;m really pleased with this pill!"
"I&#039;ve been taking trinessa for 10 days for birth control/acne/regulating my period. So far I&#039;ve lost 11 lbs. The first 5 days I had awful mood swings and barely had an appetite for anything. It&#039;s odd for me to lose so much weight cause I&#039;m not overweight and have never lost this much weight in 10 days but otherwise it&#039;s going okay! Haven&#039;t noticed a difference in my acne but time will tell!"
"I was on depot for 4 months after giving birth, I stopped having the shots as it caused moodiness, ange, depression, weight gain and all sorts of probs I&#039;d never had before. Didn&#039;t get aunt flo for the whole 4 months. Then when I stopped the shots aunt flo didn&#039;t go away for nearly 9 (very long) frustrating month&#039;s."
"I hear a lot of people saying the same thing about this being sort of like a miracle drug that is what my psychiatrist and dr call to.
 It is quite amazing how you can be going through a full blown panic anxiety attack and just not too long after taking xanax. It&#039;s like night and day.
 It&#039;s definitely good to have one of these on hand if you suffer from anxiety or panic disorder. Sometimes just knowing I have it and helps me. anyway 10 out of 10 very addictive but definitely works. As long as you&#039;re not popping them every couple hours I think most people on here will find that it works great.."
"Have been on Harvoni for 6 weeks only symptoms are some fatigue and sometime slight stomach upset. I have already cleared of the virus! But I must keep on taking Harvoni for 3 months. It seems like a miracle!"
"I started using  Byetta 5 months ago and so far it has been the most amazing experience I have ever had before Byetta I was always so tired and not motivated at all to exercise and take care of myself. I was on Actos and I strongly believe that drug was slowly killing me. I have only lost a couple of pounds so far but everything else seems to be in control and I feel like a totally new person. After this pen is finished I move up to 10 and I really hope I don&#039;t get any of the side effects because the 5 has been wonderful but if I do get the side effects I will go back to the 5 and enjoy life again. Thanks Byetta"
"I first got the Implanon after I had my son in 2011. It was great!!! I only had a period every 2-3 months and absolutely no other side effects. I got it taken out and another one inserted in September 2015 and everything was the same until September 2016. Everything changed. It started with my period but with that I became very nauseous, depressed, anxious, and worried. I was angry and upset and just wanted to stay in bed. Went to doctor and was given meds for depression and panic attacks but I knew something had to be the cause because I&#039;ve never ever had these problems. I&#039;ve had blood tests ran, Pap smear, and even ultrasounds on my Thyroid and abdomen. Nothing was found. After reading reviews on the implanon, it was removed last week!!"
"Reduced clusters from three every day to one every three to four days !!"
"Did no one else experience what happened to me? I started on Oxybutynin 5 mg twice a day (oral); there was a significant improvement in bladder control. I used less pads and thinner-type pads. HOWEVER, the side effect I experienced was exceedingly annoying: my nose stayed stuffed up constantly; I&#039;d wake up with cotton mouth; lips cracked and bleeding from not being able to breathe through my nose. It took a large application of Vicks Vaporub into my nostrils; pouring of hot water into them; holding hot washcloths on my sinuses for an hour at a time; and using inordinate amounts of saline sinus spray to finally clear my nose. When I stopped taking Oxybutynin, my nose became clear within a few days. Never again will I use Oxybutynin."
"Viibryd  is working well for me.  I changed from celexa to this drug due to not being effective anymore.  Initially it did give GI issues for about 4-5 days but then eventually went away.  Viibryd does has the least sexual side effects than the others. My dreams are pretty vivid with occasional well, I say not so pleasant dreams.  I went up to 40mg along with 300mg Lamitcal and 30mg Nortriptyline.   The Viibryd makes me a lot less sleepy than the celexa did.  So far all is well."
"I gave this a low rating as it has been the worst experience for me. I have my period 2-3 weeks out of every month and some months I have it the entire month. I get cramping for a week out of it. It is very effective as the &quot;birth&quot; control part of it. I&#039;ve had it for almost 3 years and am due to get it removed soon. I waited this long because I didn&#039;t want to have to pay to remove it and figure something else out. No birth control has been great for me. So disappointing."
"I have MS and one of my symptoms is severe pain with muscle spasms.  It gets so bad as to completely debilitate me where I am unable to stand, sit for long periods of time and walk up or down stairs.  This medication is life saving for me.  It has allowed me to return my functioning so that I am mobile again.  I can walk up stairs, work out for short periods of time and live a fairly functional life were I can go to the store, walk around and attend family functions."
"My doctor put me on Cryselle after 3 years on Microgestin. I&#039;ve been on Cryselle for 2 years now.

 I switched pills b/c of headaches, VERY tender breasts, and the pill causing zero libido (I&#039;m not exaggerating).

 Cryselle improved my headaches, although I still have them they are not as bad.  Breasts are also not as sore, although Cryselle caused them to grow huge. Libido is better, but only by like 10% (which is generous). 

Overall, my experience with Cryselle has been positive. Also, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so it obviously gets then job done!"
"Was prescribed Doxy for unrelated condition. Face began clearing of redness within the first week. Almost normal by second. Didn&#039;t expect this!"
"I don&#039;t seem to have as many problems as others. No weight gain. I have started exercise and diet and I have lost 20 lbs. My anxiety has recently flared slightly but other birth control pills have been worse. No periods for the year but now they are somewhat irregular. They started heavy but are getting lighter. My main complaint is that sometimes I have PMS symptoms for a couple weeks at a time when I am not having periods. But it does its job and it is really nice to not have to worry about pills or monthly refills!!!"
"I&#039;m on the fence. I hope it is as amazing as it seems to be.  I took Harvoni for 6 months because I was a former non-responder to other treatment. 
I got my first bottle about one month after the FDA approved the drug.  So looking back I believe I took it from fall of 2014 for six months ending in the spring of 2015. 
I have been overweight all my life and as soon as I started taking it I began losing weight.  A pound or more a week... And it didn&#039;t stop after six months of treatment I continued to lose weight til I lost about 50 lbs  then I was steady weight for about a year and now have lost ten pounds without even knowing it. Now they are testing me for things like celiac disease.
I just can&#039;t get that out of my mind that it may be related"
"I have advanced prostrate cancer and have found that when I stop or delay a 90-day injection, my PSA climbs. From June 2010 (PSA over 350) through Jan 2013 (PSA 9) my cancer was controlled.  I suspended the shots for 18 months due to cost and my PSA climbed to 270. In 5 months, my PSA is at 4.2."
"I talked to my doctor about getting on the pill mainly for birth control. I also asked to be on a pill that will help clear my moderate acne and not make it worse. I was given Tri Lo Sprintec. After reading the mostly awful reviews about it I was really nervous to start taking it but I thought I&#039;d give it a shot and if it was awful talk to my doctor about an alternative. I&#039;m now on day 7 and there hasn&#039;t been any major complications. The only negatives are that I get headaches and occasional nausea (not severe) and as far as my acne, it hasn&#039;t really made a change. My doctor said it will take a few months to adjust so I&#039;ll see how things go but so far it&#039;s not too bad. Gave it half stars because I&#039;m only on day 7."
"Very easy and successful prep wthout any side effects!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for I think four months now? Before taking it I had a weird issue where I had spotting that lasted for months. By my first week on Falmina, the weird spotting went away. However, I started bleeding a few days before my first round of placebos, and then my first period on the pills was absolute hell. I missed classes due to excruciating cramps and uncontrollable bleeding. I used both NyQuil and Tylenol but still rolled with pain for the better part of a week. Despite that, every month since has been absolutely lovely. Since starting Falmina, my libido has risen considerably, which is nice for both me and my partner. On top of that, the pills have fixed the issue that I originally took them for. A  (except the bad period)"
"I&#039;m on day 2 of this product and I &quot;feel&quot; a drastic difference. I am forever grateful to my doctor for prescribing this. 3 years ago I had the same issue and I suffered for 3 months with excruciating pain during my bowel movement to the point I added to my misery by holding it for up to a week at a time to suffer from as few painful bowel motions as possible all because I was to embarrassed to show this problem to my doctor. Never again  and I really thank the pharmacist for the coupon to bring my cost down to 40 dollars. There is a mild side effect I didn&#039;t have a headache more so painless throbbing in my head for the first 1-2 after application. I was still able to function and get through my clinicals without feeling faint or ill."
"Hello everyone; Let me say that upon using Spiriva the first time I noticed that I no longer have severe breathlessness (which developed from Pneumonia July 2012 fro surgery complications). Let me also say IMPORTANTLY if anyone has bronchitis in the lungs to please do whatever necessary to clear it up, if anyone smokes QUIT! Don&#039;t wait like I did to have a dangerous bronchial attack, in my case I was at the E.R to get a jet-nab treatment when it hit, was told had I been away from the hospital I wouldn&#039;t have survived, since that night 10/19/2011 I haven&#039;t touched one cigarette, not even one drag. I also concur that I&#039;m not having to use my albuterol like I was."
"Within one day the frequent urination and restricted flow greatly improved ,  feel like I&#039;m back to normal, thank goodness"
"I liked this medication at first, lost about ten pounds, no appetite, very calm, anxiety and snappiness gone! But the bad side effects which ultimately made me get off this medicine were tranced feelings, like in a coma, felt beige, people asked why I was so melancholy, no sex drive and sleepiness."
"100 mg Does not make penis hard enough"
"I&#039;ve been on Methadone for 3.5 years. Currently at 90mg. I only have to go to the clinic every 2 weeks. When I started on it at the clinic I was in severe withdrawal. I never did heroine. I got methadone from a friend who went to the clinic weekly. After I was hooked it was all over for me. I had NO IDEA that it was that addictive until he was cut off and I could no longer get it. I only took about 20-30 mg a day then. But when he was cut off, I didn&#039;t know what to do. The withdrawal was just so awful and I still had to go to work full time.If I could do it over again,  I would just suck it up. Now I have this ball n chain and no end in sight. I had 2 kids on it too so I get to live with that guilt too. Don&#039;t do it as a 1st resort.Just DONT"
"I have had fibomyalgia for 20 years, I had become so ill l with  it all, and with zero mobility, my weight had raised to 23 stone.  A new doctor tried Ramipril on me and has been a miracle from above, have improved mobility and it made me loose my appetite and have lost two stones in 3 months."
"I had been suffering from depression, suicidal thoughts &amp; tendencies anxiety and nerve damage. I went to a doctor who prescribed me cymbalta and I started on 30 mg. I was on it for about 1 week and I noticed I wasnt eating. I would have to tell myself to eat because I could go a whole day without eating anything. I noticed I did feel a little bit better in my ways but it wasnt enough to keep me motivated to do anything. So the second week I was put on 60 mg. I can say I have never been this motivated ever with school work going out with friends trying new things and actually participating in school. Im 4 weeks in now &amp; ive never been better. Downsides: restlessness waking from sleep jitters and waves of feeling hyper."
"My urologist prescribed Toviaz 8mg timed release for symptoms of OAB (frequency, constant urge, etc.). I took it everyday for 25 days. I noticed a very small difference in frequency during the night, but nothing major. In the morning, I would actually have a stronger urge than before. After about 2 weeks on it, I started to feel very dizzy. I thought it was a cold or a migraine and kept taking the medication. After about a week of extreme dizziness and feeling slightly nauseous because of it, I realized it must have been the Toviaz. I stopped taking it and the dizziness passed within 24 hours. Also my mind cleared and I realized I had major brain fog on it. No other side effects though. Just not worth it for me. Perhaps I&#039;ll try again later"
"I was diagnosed in 2013 with Crohns. Pentasa has relieved my symptoms greatly. I take 500 mg 4 times a day. I find it works better for me when I take it with food. My only side effect is night quivers. Other than this,  Pentasa works wonders.  It&#039;s well worth my $55 copayment each month."
"Was put on Benicar 20mg twice a day after suffering a stroke, works great with other meds that I&#039;m taking due to stents.  Tried other blood pressure meds, but none of them works as well as the Benicar"
"Blurred vision, medication did not help sinus issues."
"I started on Belviq late April 2016. I told my physician that I wanted to seriously lose weight &amp; wanted something safe with not a lot of side effects to help me jump start the weight coming off.   He told me his patients that took Belviq had had good success. He is not the type of Dr. Just to pr&eacute;scribe whatever u want. He does his research and I did mine.

Today, is August 1st and I have lost 20 lbs. it&#039;s not a miracle pill, but Belviq&#039;s main purpose is to make your brain make your body feel not hungry.  I really have to work at planning out my meals.  The only side effect I have noticed is that I am tired/sleepy.  I sometimes have to drink a strong cup of coffee just to keep awake in the early evening when my husband comes from work."
"I was experiencing blurred vision, fatigue, loss of appetite, lack of concentration and an increased amount of severe headaches. After being checked for everything under the sun in blood work I was told I was fine. About a month later the headaches and the memory and concentration issues came along with more asthma attacks. My neurologist sent me for MRI, MRA and EEG nothing. He then sent me for a spinal tap which revealed I had pressure in my head double the normal.  This happened on Wednesday April 21st, 2010 (last week). I received a phone call from my neurologist who said I needed to start taking the medication immediately. I have had no appetite, consistent nausea, and I throw up on a regular basis. So I deal with it or have a shunt."
"Holy smoke ladies! So I am 26 and currently dealing with my first yeast infection.  After trying &ldquo;natural remedies&rdquo; for it I decided to bite the bullet and go give Monistat a try. After initially buying the Monistat 1 day and reading those terrible reviews, I decided to give the 7 day a chance instead. Nope. Bad decision. Tonight was the first night that I used the applicator to apply the cream and let me tell ya, these burning/itching reviews are 100% true. I am literally laying in bed shaking from the pain of the burning/itching sensation that is going on inside of my body right now. I&rsquo;m not even sure what to do about it at this point. I feel like it is bearable, but there is not going to be much sleep tonight. Ladies, be prepared."
"I&#039;ve struggled with bulimia (as well as depression/mood disorder) for about eight years now. I&#039;ve been on Prozac three separate times (I quit taking it during my pregnancies) and I stop binging and purging every time I get back on it. It has also benefited my relationships and improved my parenting abilities. Every other medication I tried was just too hard on me, but Prozac doesn&#039;t affect me in any noticeably negative way."
"This is a terrible drug should not be sold it says light diaherria not true... It causes lots of severe stomach issues and terrible stools it&#039;s horrible don&#039;t ever use it"
"Been taking Concerta XL for a while with a steady titration from 18mg up to 81mg. I take it around 9am each morning and the first few hours are very restless. However by early noon say 1-2pm I go into a slow sometimes dragging comedown which makes me sleepy and therefore having a knap during the day. This leads to an almost sleepless night which can upset my brain in many ways.
Positives:
Alert, talkative, sociable and above all CONCENTRATE.
Negatives:
Jaw Clenching (gurning), sweaty, sleepless night (because of the midday knap)
All in all I have tried alteting dosage times in the morning and I can quite easily eat without feeling nausea. Weight loss is noticable but at a good stable rate. Many people have to give Concerta a chance."
" I&#039;m on my 2nd round of necon 1/35. I started taking it because the doctor thinks I have endometriosis, but no one is really sure. My periods are extremely painful and I lose my appetite completely. The side effects of necon are the same as symptoms of pregnancy which is kind of alarming. I&#039;m also even more depressed and anxious than I was before I started taking it. I take it without the placebo week and my period was lighter but longer. It&#039;s been two weeks and I&#039;ve still had terrible pain."
"I took Mirapex for a couple of months with my severe restless leg syndrome. It seemed to help but I would wake up in the middle of the night and in the morning before work and have severe nausea and vomiting. I am now taking Requip and it has been doing the same thing. "
"I&#039;ve had chronic insomnia most of my life, I took ambien 10mgs for 6 yrs it helped me so much to lead productive life, sleeping at night waking up in the morning with really no bad side effects, I don&#039;t live in the US anymore and ambien isn&#039;t available I think due the bad rap it gets by complainer&quot;s, while people like myself who have benefitted from it aren&#039;t as likely to review a drug, they haven&#039;t had a problem with - just human nature. I&#039;ve tried a whole host of anti-depresents &amp; other sedatives 7-8 none are as effective and have more side effects than ambien"
"The dr administering it didn&#039;t ck my chart I have asthma !!! It didn&#039;t work either! Anaphylaxis!"
"Switched from Kineret which I was on for 9 years and it wore out, then switched to actemra &amp; was on it for 3 months, it did nothing for me, very little relief, &amp; 40% of my hair fell out, I&#039;m only 20 years old &amp; I&#039;ve had JIA since 7yrs old, still trying to find a remission drug"
"This Medication is good.  Feel so good that I do not feel the need to eat emotionally.  I care about myself again and I feel no need to eat poorly.  The only problem I am having is the side effects of being super itchy and I do get constipated."
"I found this to work very well for my nasal congestion. Under 15 minutes and I&#039;m 98% clear for 8 hours allowing me to continue my workday. It works better and faster than other over the counter medicine I&#039;ve tried. 

"
"This is the first birth control pill I&#039;ve ever been on and have no major complaints.  I&#039;m a healthy height/weight and exercise regularly.  I just finished my third pack.  During the first month, I had breakthrough bleeding (as expected with most pills) off and on, but that was it.  My breasts are a little more tender, but it&#039;s nothing bothersome.  The pill definitely hasn&#039;t bothered my sex drive either.  I&#039;m glad I stuck out the first month, because this pill has been great for me so far!"
"Librium is great. I fought depression for years so I drank around 24 pack per day I later then got pancreas problems went back on librium great product"
"I wish I could give this medication zero stars, and I am an RN. Prednisone has ruined my life. I was given prednisone for a severe viral lung infection (I have asthma) back in August 2016; I had a 104F fever for a week and lost almost 15 lbs. The doctor (with horrible bedside manner) had pressured me to take Prednisone (60 mg) in the office ...even-though I only came in for an I.V., due to severe dehydration. I was started on 60 mg (and was supposed to take 40 mg for the next 5 days). Little did I know that it can cause mania and psychosis (I have a history of depression). By the 2nd day I couldn&#039;t sleep (I kept talking, cleaning, and writing poetry) and had a manic episode, due to steroid psychosis (and I don&#039;t have a history of bipolar disorder). No one in my family knew what was wrong with me. I am WARNING any of you with a psychiatric history to avoid this medication and oral steroids at all costs. Due to taking Prednisone, I lost a full-year college scholarship (I&#039;m studying laboratory science)... (due to being hospitalized) and my housing. I also lost a ton of hair, and it is super thin now. I had to be hospitalized 3 times in the span of the year due to this med causing  suicidal depression after the manic episode. It is depressing that I lost so much money due to copay medical bills amounting to 5k, and I cannot sue the doctor/outpatient clinic for the lost money and time, and my housing (was asked to move out due to mania/steroid psychosis). I will never take another oral steroid (even if I am on the brink of dying and I&#039;d rather die instead). Taking prednisone has resulted in so much embarrassment and humiliation for myself. I have no idea what&#039;s worse...the 104F fever and coughing, or taking this medication. Take this medication at your own risk. DON&#039;T LET ANY DOCTOR/FACILITY PRESSURE YOU INTO TAKING PREDNISONE OR STEROIDS."
"I had this birth control since March 30th 2015 and on April 9th the non stop bleeding started it is now June 6th and I&#039;m still bleeding so my love and sex life has gone out the window but my boyfriend is very supportive . Other then the bleeding I am fine I just hope the bleeding goes away I might have to start the pill for a while"
"The only disappointments I&#039;ve had with my Concerta (methylphenidate extended release) are its high cost and its propensity to become ineffective after one to two years. Otherwise, this is an excellent drug that should be used more often for difficult depression. It&#039;s made me feel like a functional human being again."
"Bronchitis - Worked fast."
"On day 1 of Viibryd I felt sick (i.e. diarrhea, nausea, and stomach cramps). The benefits definitely out ways the cons. My depression and anxiety has decreased significantly. I&#039;ll be hitting week 3 (40mg) of Viibyrd and I feel so much better. I don&#039;t think negative anymore or feel too sensitive about certain topics. I finally feel normal again because I have been battling with my depression. I will continue using Viibyrd."
"I had my first major depressive episode in the late 80&#039;s when my first child was a toddler.  I was put on 20 mg of Prozac and felt like I got my life back.  However, it seemed to quit working and the next 20 years I went through almost every SSRI there is as well as a couple of common anti-anxiety drugs and none of them seemed to work very well.  About 4 years ago I went back on Prozac and this time I was taking 60 mg for ocd.  It has worked quite well but I think my body is getting used to it again.  My doctor wants me to consider changing to Lovox.  I had thought I had already tried that in the past but I have to do something because I feel like I am slipping into the abyss again."
"I have been taking Serax/oxazepam for 30 years for anxiety/panic attacks, works great! I started out on 10mg then after a few years was switched to 15mg. The past year or so I have been having trouble sleeping so the Dr. put me on 30mg to take only at night before bed which I do and it works great for sleep. So, I take the 15mg when I need them for anxiety and the 30mg only at night."
"Easy infusion. The best you can get. It gave me my life back!! No.....more.....flares!!"
"Almost 100 % reduction in hot flashes. Thank god!"
"This medicine is incredible. I had about four months of out of the blue, never had it before in my life terrible panic and anxiety. I was to the point I was throwing up every morning and constantly worrying and thinking about it. I finally went to the Dr. after crying and feeling miserable for days/months. She prescribed me Celexa 10mg to ween on (minimal side effects nauseous and a little more tired than usual, but I take it at night) then a month later I went to 20mg and I&#039;m happy there. Absolutely no more anxiety or panic and I don&#039;t feel like an emotionless zombie I feel just like myself. My sex drive is normal just takes a bit longer to get there."
"I was very depressed during and after my pregnancy. Finally I found a good doctor and she prescribed Zoloft. I felt the difference from the beginning. I had some side effects but nothing major, however the only complaint I have is the weight gain. I take 25mg daily, a very low dose but I am getting very heavy. I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for almost 2 years and feel okay but not cured."
"Wonderful. First couple times it sorta wore off what I thought was too soon but that was my delivery that was wrong. After I got the hang of it works great. Easiest my day has been in a long time. Went to the store and didn&#039;t even carry my O2 with me and that&#039;s a big change for me because I am so Afraid not to have my 02 handy."
"These pills made me unimaginably tired! I could barely hold my eyes open at work the entire week, no matter how much sleep I got. They also taste awful &amp; messed with my bowels a bit. Cleared up the odor &amp; itch which is awesome:) Thankful to be fresh and able to drink again!!!"
"I started phentermine on 8/29/2015. I started at 194 and am 5&#039;6. As of today I am down to 172 and from a size 15 down to size 8. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a kick start to health. Meaning after the pill does what it needs to do you need to continue this life style change. Highly Recommended! I still have 20 more pounds to go and looking forward to it!!"
"I was so poorly I was shaking, sweating, cough, sore throat, sinusitis, migraine ... you name it! It hit me like a ton of bricks. After trip to out of hours doctor via 111 phone call I was prescribed these antibiotics. End of day 2 and I was feeling much better and by day 4 taking the medicine back at work and almost feeling fully recovered. Apart of a bad taste in my mouth and thirsty, no other side effect :)"
"My story is similar to others.  The first thing I would locate in a store or a restaurant was the bathroom because I knew I would have to go before we left there.  I even turned down job opportunities because the bathroom was too far away from where I would sit in fear that I wouldn&#039;t make it in time.  That is no way to live.  After a colonoscopy and stool lab results my doctor put me on Welchol, which I call the poop pill.  In my opinion, it is the miracle medicine.  I take 3 every night before bedtime and I have not had any more issues.  I can enjoy leaving the house and not worry about wearing white clothes.  I am one happy camper!"
"I&#039;m 56, with six stents, and suffering from erectile dysfunction.  Took 20mg of Cialis.  No expectations.  It worked brilliantly.  Lasted longer, stayed harder, with a mild stuffy nose.  Took two pills over a 72 hr period.  Self-confidence, esteem, and performance is back!  She loved it too."
"I rated this a 8 - short of a 10 because of the cost.  The renewed vigor and energy is enough to score a 10.  To remedy the sticky feel; after application and the Testim is dry, apply corn starch (unscented baby powder) to a wash cloth and dust your shoulders.  The Testim scent is noticeable, but hardly unbearable and is often complemented on."
"was in the hospital ER forever ago.. extreme pain.. dr walked in looked at me.. gave the order.. and I had dilaudid injected into my thigh.. omg.. I could feel pressure but no pain.. none.. was so happy.. 

now.. I take dilaudid in pill form for chronic pain.. not nearly as effective.. but still good :D"
"Soma has helped so much with spasms with my low back and leg problems. I take 4 times a day for past 7 years and works wonders. My back problems require pain medicines sadly. But Soma is great. I&#039;m allergic to Flexeril and Skelexin and Soma works much better than Robaxin, at least for me. "
"Caused hair loss, moods were crazy- very anxious and memory loss.  After 8 weeks the weight loss is not worth it. 5lbs and I bet that was just in hair loss! "
"Genuinely would not recommend this as a form of birth control. have had it in for almost a year, first few months were okay, but it&#039;s gradually got worse, I&#039;m constantly on my period, I&#039;ve got acne, I&#039;m tired, I&#039;ve gained weight &amp; it&#039;s impossible to shift. How I feel on it affects me the most, I&#039;m emotional &amp; moody and feel like crap! it&#039;s taken my sparkle away. no girl wants that. have booked app to get it out. never again."
"This medicine clears up bronchitis quickly and I give it two thumbs up."
"I had an outer ear infection..These drops made my left ear feel clogged up and ringing in my ear and ear pain. I would not recommend this medicine.  I&#039;m hoping it is temporary. .."
"I am 9 weeks and was prescribed Keflex. It has worked, however I have also had major diarrhea everyday. Other than that, no other side effects for me.."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 2 months and have seen decent acne results. Now it hasn&#039;t cleared up completely and I still get pimples. Be aware if you have scarring, it will get worse before it gets better. I&#039;ll probably switch to Ortho Cyclen after month 3 if the acne isn&#039;t completely gone. The top ones I would recommend you for acne: 1. Yasmin, 2. Ortho Cyclen 3. Diane 35. Hope this helps anyone with hormonal acne/ has had it since high school like me and is now in her junior year of college."
"High Cholesterol (425 total) for all adult life-diagnosed at 35, went thru every LDL
lowering drug as they were new to market. Some lowered as much as 100 points,
numbers still very high. Triple Bypass surgery exactly 2 years ago, cardiologist
started me on Repatha when it was released 1 year ago. The first 3 months I
was battled flu and colds. It seemed my immunity was lowered. I was very
run down and started on B12 and Vitamin C. I tried to resume a somewhat
active life this past summer and became exhausted very quickly. 
Still working on building strength and staying healthy!
Tests show Total Cholesterol at 165 (!) Wow.  Thankful for Repatha , my supportive 
family &amp; amazing results!"
"My initial QbTest score was 99. I was prescribed Vyvanse 20mg but was supposed to be taking 3/day. I misunderstood and only took 1 early in the morning on the day of my follow up test. I have Nuvigil that I take occasionally for shift work sleep disorder. I took one to help stay alert on my afternoon drive to the follow up test. My QbTest score dropped from 99 to 12. I am sure that the Nuvigil is responsible because the Vyvanse was taken at the lowest dose and several hours outside the time window."
"I have had 2 Paraguard IUDs. Took the 1st one out to get pregnant, got the 2nd after my daughter was born. Both times, I had heavier periods, but it seemed better than hormonal birth control that makes me crazy. After 2 and a half years, I started having strange side effects. Lots of acne, dry skin, swollen lymph node, anxiety, depression, trouble sleeping, hopelessness. My doctor said that my swollen lymph node is associated with the liver. My acupuncturist said she thought I had liver congestion. I researched excess copper in the body. ALL. MY. SYMPTOMS. Had it removed within 2 days. Felt immediately better. My acne started healing within a few days. Not feeling depressed anymore. It was great until it wasn&#039;t."
"I was diagnosed with Rosacea over 20 years ago in college but it never really got bad until about two years ago. Orange-peel skin, redness and bumps were a lot more prevalent on my forehead,cheeks and chin. Soolantra was given to me by the 4th dermatologist I saw and within a week(hard to believe but true), all of my symptoms were so much better. He added Metrocream at my 6week follow up to help with redness, but honestly I think the Soolantra is the miracle cream.  I have my younger complexion back again. And the company provided a $25 coupon to cover the entire cost each month"
"After trying SSRIs and other medicines, I have finally found Buspar and it has changed my life in less than two weeks! I have had mild to moderate anxiety for a few years and now that I&#039;m taking Buspar (I only need 15 mg/day in divided doses). I feel normal again and my mood is more positive and I laugh/am happy more even in this tough economic time! No major side effects. The first couple of days it made me a little tired and that&#039;s it. Really started noticing changes about 8-9 days I could feel a huge difference and the anxiety is GONE!  This is a safe medicine to take (non habit forming) and I would recommend it to anyone.  It has change my life, thank you Buspar."
"I had Nexplanon for 3 years, and it was an absolute nightmare. I bled at least 25 days out of the month, and I gained 20+ pounds over the last 3 years with no change in diet or lifestyle. I&#039;m an ER nurse and I always ask my patients with Nexplanon about their experience and at least half of them report frequent bleeding as well. Rated it a 2 instead of a 1 because I didn&#039;t get pregnant while it was implanted."
"Finally got my Skyla IUD taken out today. I immediately felt better afterwards, bye bye acne, weight gain, and depression! Only good thing about Skyla was that I didn&#039;t have a period. That&#039;s it. I wish it worked for me but everybody&#039;s different!!! Going natural for a while so my body will relax without all the hormones I&#039;ve had. Me and my boyfriend choose not to have sex anyway! Good experience, DEFINITLEY learned what my body doesn&#039;t like. If I do get on birth control again I&#039;m going back to Loryna pills."
"I love this medicine! I was recently released from the hospital after doing a 1 week stay. Diagnosed with BPD and anxiety. This medicine is prescribed for me 50 mg 4 times a day. I don&#039;t take it unless truly needed during the day. This is my first time being on psychotropics. I take this along with Seroquel, Zoloft and Naltroxene. I&#039;ve had maybe 4 panic attacks since being out of the hospital. I had them because I went to work the day after being released and I work in a sales environment. I didn&#039;t have my medicine on hand like I should have. I do notice that when I bring it, and take it. I am not sleepy, very mellow and even and relaxed. Thoughts are clearer and conversations more direct."
"Been on Invokana since August 20, 2013. I&#039;ve lost 36 pounds since then &amp; been able to discontinue taking my glimepiride (within 3 days of starting the Invokana), cut my metformin in half to 1000mg in the morning only, &amp; have begun cutting the insulin from 30 units at bedtime to 20 or less. I still take Victoza in the morning. My A1c has gone from 10.2 to 7.6 and my triglycerides are near the top of the normal range. I have tried Bydureon &amp; Byetta, but Invokana has been the first real successful medicine to help get my diabetes under control. Along with healthy eating choices &amp; exercise, I am under 300lbs for the first time in too many years to count. If I can do this, so can you!"
"I had skyla inserted a year ago. Having it inserted was not pleasant. There was some heavy cramping and I was bleeding/spotting for the next two months or so but since then my periods have been light if I have them at all my acne has almost completely cleared up. I have not gained any weight, I have lost some (though not on purpose). Besides my partner sometimes feeling the strings and some bleeding during sex, as well as some painful cramping from time to time it&#039;s been good. No kids yet haha."
"Reading the reviews. I&#039;m really jealous of those light period no crampers. I&#039;ve only been taking Orysthia for 5 weeks and at first it wasn&#039;t too bad. I noticed significant weight gain during the past 2 weeks and am on my first period on birth control. They are killer. I have never experienced cramps this bad. I get sharp pains in my back, legs, shoulders, and stomach. Everyone&#039;s body is different and this pill isn&#039;t working for me."
"I am 20 years old, I took two of these women&#039;s laxatives. These things are  DEADLY. I was on my way to my college tuition class,I took them three days prior I literally pooped my pants on the way there I was vomiting out of my car window I thought I had the flu I had forgotten about these laxatives I had taken I later changed and took my test. LOn my way home, I pooped my pants AGAIN I was crying and went home changed and layed on my bed and violently vomiting for hours. I fell asleep, and, I pooped my bed! I went to er, tested laxatives were out of my system! Two weeks later, I am still pooping my pants! Idk what to do I hope these have not caused irreparable damage. I reported to FDA as did my hospital. Please don&#039;t take them!!!!"
"I actually really enjoy this birth control. It&#039;s been the first and only birth control that I&#039;ve tried, and I can&#039;t complain. I didn&#039;t gain weight, my acne didn&#039;t get worse or better, my sex drive is fine and really I didn&#039;t have any of the awful symptoms that typically accompany birth controls. The only thing that did happen to me, was when I first began using Lo Loestrin, I had a different mood each week for the first month. One week I&#039;d be sad, the next mad, the next happy, so on and so forth until my body got accustomed to what was happening. Now it&#039;s like I&#039;m not even on anything!"
"Overall, Aviane works pretty well. My periods are average and I have had no weight loss or gain. The one side effect I have had is terrible acne! My face was pretty much clear when I started (I&#039;d get minor breakouts around my period, but nothing bad). Within a couple of months of being on Aviane, my cheeks started breaking out really badly. I&#039;ve never even had acne on my cheeks. It&#039;s painful and there&#039;s scarring. I&#039;ve tried staying on it in hopes that my body would adjust and the breakouts would stop, but they&#039;ve only gotten worse. "
"I&#039;ve been struggling with depression and anxiety/panic attacks since I was a kid. I&#039;m now 36. I tried every antidepressant they threw at me from Celexa to Zoloft. None of them worked and came with side effects I couldn&#039;t handle. Weight gain and loss of sexual function. When my psychiatrist suggested Wellbutrin I was afraid of more side effects, but I was desperate. I also take Valium and Klonopin for my anxiety so I&#039;m not sure if those might mask any increased anxiety, but I have to say, I noticed a difference the first day. I take 200mg SR in the morning and I&#039;ve got more energy and almost no interest in smoking, which is a bonus. It&#039;s only been a week but I feel an improvement every day. I think I finally found the right one."
"I have had 81 infusions. I have tried all other injectable multiple sclerosis medications without much success. Although the PML is in the back of my mind, I keep plugging away every month. I have a wife and four children and a safety sensitive job. I function just like any other 43 year old man (playing golf, mowing my own yard, etc). I really don&#039;t think it would be possible without Tysabri. For me and my family, we feel that it is worth the risk. I am JC virus positive also."
"can I just say, these horror stories got me so worked up I was dreading this prep, the reality is its NOT THAT BAD!!!. Ok so the drink isn&#039;t great, like a salty lemonade ( I find the cranberry powder things disgusting too but if I&#039;ve got a water infections I drink it!).
I found the 1st litre easier to drink than the 2nd,with the 1st one I used a whisky size tumbler and drank it through a straw at room temperature. I drank it all within half an hour and it started working within the hour. The 2nd litre took longer,I used a bigger glass and filled it with ice, I found it harder to drink cold and the larger glass never seemed to empty so you feel like your going forever! 
Don&#039;t be put off by the scary stories!"
"I have suffered with pain for many years and have tried almost everything. I started Opana in January of this year.  In February my platlet count dropped to 3,000 with an equally low white count. This happened again in May. I have also had many gastrointestinal problems. The doctors after many tests can only say that Opana looks like the cause."
"2 pills 3x day- 5 days. Got 4 wisdom teeth removed. Day 1- 1st dose, pills were hard to swallow and a few minutes after I took the pills I got an upset stomach. 2nd dose was about the same but I got a rash on my face (cheeks). 3rd dose stomach pain got a little worse. Day 2 stomach pain got even worse with every dose. Day 3 morning dose was unbearably painful in my esophagus/stomach. Called my doctor and he told me to stop taking pills. I figured stomach/esophagus pain would go away since I&#039;m not taking pills but its been 6 days since I stopped taking pills and I still have pain. A lot of pain when I eat and burp. Pain feels like a tightening and burning in my chest every time I swallow. "
"I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and was prescribed lamictal to stabilize my moods. I was having explosive reactions on a daily basis and morning depression. Today I wake up feeling content and happy. My mood episodes have greatly subsided and I feel like I can handle frustration a lot better. Also my relationship with my boyfriend has improved because of much less fighting and explosions on him. This medication is very helpful. Only side effect was some headaches and diarrhea."
"I&#039;m 43 and smoked since 18.  I tried the patch and gum and could not last more than a week.  I tried Chantix and it was mind blowing.  Nothing really changed but after the first 2 or 3 days of taking it Cigs just tested awful and I didn&#039;t get that &quot;cig fix&quot;.  It got to a point where it was just why bother?  I stopped for a month right off the bat.  I stopped taking my meds early as I thought I was &quot;cured&quot;.  Mistake.  I didnt really want another cig until I went drinking.  Even then the urge was not too much but just made a bad decision while drunk and thought I missed it.  I really didnt and got back and finished my supply of Chantix.  For me the only side effect were dreams.  Very very weird and crazy dreams.   It worked for me."
"This worked amazing with my son. Our biggest problem was he didn&#039;t want to eat and lost a lot of weight."
"I just started lolo 2 weeks ago and so far, I&#039;ve gained a significant amount of weight. I have a fast metabolism so anything I eat gets shredded off the next day.  On this birth control, I went from 100lbs to (currently) 112lbs. I will continue to stay on it to see if it&#039;ll balance out but if the weight increases more, I will be stopping."
"I was hesitant about getting the implant but I&#039;ve had for 3yrs after the birth of my daughter. It&#039;s 99% effective. My only discrepancy with it is that you go through stages of depression and your mood changes constantly. I notice now that I have to get in replaced on Dec. 27, 2015 that it&#039;s wearing off and I&#039;m slowly becoming myself again. If the FDA can work out that flaw I would continue getting Nexplanon."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 FE for two years now. I have a moderate case of endometriosis and this has been fantastic. The first two, maybe three months on it were a little iffy- I experienced nausea and emotional problems, but significantly less pain. Everything&#039;s been peachy ever since. I only need to take one or two Midols to get through each period."
"I have had back problems for almost forever.  Recently, my doctor preferred me to take an over-the-counter instead of Celebrex because of potential heart-related issues.  I tried to do so, but my condition did not get better.  I used Celebrex and it helped very much.  Sometimes less is more:  I needed less Celebrex (6) versus lots of the other stuff."
"I am a 42 year old mother of 1. I had Mirena inserted in 2007 after I was done breast-feeding. I absolutely LOVED Mirena until recently. I didn&#039;t have to remember to take the pill daily and I felt it was the best way to prevent another pregnancy. A couple of months ago, I had a new one inserted after months of my husband complaining about the strings poking him. I don&#039;t know what made me look into it, but I realized that over the past 4 years I have gained over 35lbs.,my sex drive is almost non-existent, I am often dry during intercourse. I want to run to the ObGyn, but have to wait until next week to it removed. If you get one, be aware of your body&#039;s response to it following insertion."
"In 2009 I was diagnosed with prostate cancer. 2 tumors.  Underwent 42 treatments of radiation.  My choice over surgery.  Had 2 shots of Lu pron  6 months apart to kill the testosterone and help the radiation do the job.  Cancer gone and PSA tests less than 1 ever since.  Started taking Rapaflo   8mg every night and it helped me sleep at least 3 or 4 hours without having to get up to the bathroom so often.  I think the radiation hurt my bladder and the result was frequent urination. Anyway to the point.  The Rapaflo works but I cannot experience a normal ejaculation.  But when I quit taking the Rapaflo for a week or more I can with ext ream pain, both from the penis and the area of the prostate.  It is a burning sensation.  Have tried twice."
"I have suffered long term post trauma depression. Recently I ended up in a hospital for mental health. My psychologist decided to add Abilify 5 mg a day, I also take Lustral 100mg. Abilify started to work within 5 weeks. Brilliant. Before this medicine I was on the verge of suicide. Long may this good feeling last."
"Plan b really did its job and saved my butt. I have used absolutely no contraceptive as well as letting my bf finish inside me. I know I was not very smart or safe but it was just in the moment after not seeing him for a few months. I took plan b around 4-6 hours after the fact. I had no side effects maybe a little nausea but after a few seconds it was gone. I got my period at the expected date as well. Do not be as negligent as I was and even though plan b did save me I would not fully count on it because it is in fact quite scary. Save yourself the stress and paranoia and think before you act."
"WOW is all can say. This allergy medication works great. It&#039;s for 24 hour relief and I don&#039;t sneeze anymore. I have bad allergies to cats but I love them so much, except they almost caused an asthma attack because of my allergies, once I was prescribed Xyzal ALL the symptoms went away. This is like the miracle for allergy relief, it doesn&#039;t make me drowsy at all but it&#039;s different for each individual I guess. It stops your eye itching, nose dripping, sneezing and wheezing."
"Good drug"
"Why is this medication even approved to give to anyone?!  Oh yah, so the drug companies can get rich.  1 dose of this medication, I had severe diarrhea, vomiting for a week!  STAY AWAY FROM THIS MEDICATION. Doctor does not care about side effects.  Uuuuuuuuggggg!"
"Likes:
- Did not gain any weight, which is what I was most afraid of after reading the reviews. I actually lost 6 pounds by eating healthy food and exercising three times a week.
- Even though I still get my period, I don&#039;t get any painful cramps anymore. Anyone who knows what it feels like to be in such pain that all you can do is curl up in a ball, will understand that that&#039;s a HUGE benefit.
- It&#039;s nice to be able to be spontaneous.

Dislikes:
-I&#039;ve had some spotting off and on since I got the Nexplanon. It&#039;s more annoying than anything else. But it is REALLY annoying."
"Entyvio has been miraculous. Very close to getting my colon taken out, we decided to try Entyvio. After using Remicade, Humira and many other options, it&#039;s the only thing that&#039;s worked for me."
"amazing medication"
"Plaquenil has given me back my quality of life. I think I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 years now.  However, I&#039;ve recently stopped taking it as I am having flashes in one eye and don&#039;t have the money to see a retina specialist - or an eye Dr. for that matter.  Now that I have stopped the medication, I am back to having constant pain throughout my body - especially in my joints...and in my bones, and I am exhausted and sleep a lot without feeling rested.  As soon as I get my eyes checked and if my exam shows good results, I will be back on Plaquenil immediately."
"I have been told I have polycystic ovarian syndrome, my period was never normal. If go to a year without bleeding then all of a sudden I started bleed for 5 months straight. Being overweight my doctor told me I would have to take two Depo-Provera shots so I did. I continued to bleed heavy and hard and very painful so I decided to find another doctor and he prescribed my Mononessa. I stopped bleeding in one week and when it was time to take the last 7 pills I was nervous to take because I didn&#039;t want to bleed but my period came and it was so light no cramps just a little moody. So glad I finally found something that truly works for me."
"Have chronic back pain bulging disc in L1 and S5 along with lumbar thinning  due to osteoarthritis which I have in my hands knees and ankles, also Fibromyalgia. I am prescribed 6 daily 10/325 Vicodin.   When I have a&quot;Flare up&quot; they do not work. Doctor called this in for me 10 mg.  I just took the 1st pill about an hour ago and  I am pain free.   Unfortunately he will not put me on this medication regularly, this is just to get me through until I can get another MRI to make sure nothing has changed in my spine. "
"Imitrex nasal sprays changed my life. I developed migraines when I was about 13 years old. At that time the doctor would simply prescribe pain killers for treatment, but they did nothing. They only helped me sleep for a few hours and then I would wake back up to the headache again.  After seeing a neurologist I was prescribed Imitrex. I have tried all three forms of the medication, the pills did not work as well for me because I always vomit with a migraine.  I simply did not get enough doses with the injections to last a month, only two in a prescription.  But with the nasal sprays, I receive 6 each month and they work GREAT."
"I am a 57 year old female who would HIGHLY recommend this medication. I am taking the pill twice daily and I found it worked on the second day. I don&#039;t make 50 trips to the bathroom daily, no more concerns about when I sneeze or cough. It has changed my life drastically! I would recommend this to anyone who has incontinence problems."
"I get about 2-3 flare ups per year,  always in the side of my big toe(s). Dr. prescribed Colcrys 0.6 mg - I honestly don&#039;t get any relief that I can tell from this medication. I take 1 every hour for a max of 3 pills over 3 hours ...  Seems like the ONLY relief I can get is by flushing my body with tons of water - which can take 3-4 days."
"I would like to share my experience with LORazepam - I have Breast Cancer which entailed a right side mastectomy and axillary node dissection (painful) where I am on Hyrdocod 10/300&#039;s for pain. I am on my 4th extensive Chemo where the first 5 days after Chemo every food smell causes severe nausea where I cannot eat - I just want to cover my nose. They had me on Compazine (really needs to be off the market at it is a useless drug - did not work during my pregnancies either that and phenergan) - they put me on Zofran - all this did was want to make me sleep with no relief relative to nausea.  After consulting with my Oncologist he placed me Lorazepan and would you not know as soon as I took - within 15 minutes the nausea feeling gone!"
"I still use this medicine as a standby as it reduces the itching associated with jock itch.  I may have picked up a resistant strain as the doctor has prescribed a new cream with betamethasone dipropionate and clotrimazole mixed in as a base.  I hope this works"
"I just started taking Belviq 7 days ago. So far I have not experienced any troublesome side effects. I will say that I have felt tired and in the first days I did have a slight headache. Other than that it&#039;s been easy. Also I started out at 255lbs and now am at 247lbs. So I guess it&#039;s working."
"Been on Angeliq for 2 years now All hot flushes disappeared within 3 days! Hallelujah feel human again!!!!    Felt great for a year lots of energy only problem was my breasts went up 2 cup sizes! I then decided to take half a tablet and after a month my breast reduced back to normal! ....For the second year I found I had vertigo!  Also I felt a shaking inside my body like I had swallowed a mobile phone on vibrate the doctor said it could be anxiety which comes with the menopause!  Vertigo is one of the rare side effects with Angelic so asking my doctor to find a low dose of another Hrt hope this works! 
Will let you know later how this works out!"
"Have taken this medication for over a year.  Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) well within normal range. Slightly elevated bilirubin. Only side effects are mild to moderate hand foot syndrome, some fatigue and nosebleeds due to low platelets. It is important to note that I have never done IV chemo, so my results may be different from others."
"It has greatly helped with my ability to sleep."
"I am recovering from an opiate addiction, and was prescribed Seroquel for sleeplessness (due to it not being a habit forming drug). It has been very effective for me, however I must take it, or cannot sleep."
"I&#039;m starting my second week of six weeks for a spot on my chest. I thought it was an allergic reaction after the first night I took it. My entire chest is covered in red swollen, now crusty welts that are painful. The dr said those are all cancerous cells he couldn&#039;t see with the naked eye and it&#039;s good that it&#039;s bringing them out. Honestly, I don&#039;t know if I can make it 6 weeks. The pain is bad, I&#039;m naseauss all day, I have achy muscles and feel tired. I have a high pain tolerance so for me to be so bothered is unusual. I know it&#039;s working, too well. I&#039;ll try and stick it out, what&#039;s my alternative? I also have to wear shirts that cover up to my neck it&#039;s so bad."
"I am 17 and this is my first time having a YI and it&#039;s my first night. I&#039;m using the 7 day cream thing and I am  feel like I&#039;m  dying! I haven&#039;t stopped crying since I inserted this stupid cream! It doesn&#039;t burn but  it itches so bad ! It&#039;s 12:30 and I&#039;m still up! "
"My high functioning autistic son was placed on this medication to help control his anger and aggression. Instead it has made him worse. The only positive effect of this medication is that it helps him sleep past 5am. His anger and aggression and impulsiveness are just out of control. He was then put on Vyvanse to help with ADHD and there are no changes worth noting."
"This product changed my life. I had terrible acne and it made my life miserable. I tried SO many things and not one thing worked. But I heard about Accutane and had to try it. I went to my doctor and got started. Within three weeks, my skin was almost flawless. I couldn&#039;t even believe it. I went on it for six months, and I didn&#039;t have one single pimple while on it. It&#039;s been a little over a year since I&#039;ve been off it, and I get some zits here and there but NOTHING compared to what it was before I started Accutane. It is a real miracle and my life has changed so much for the better since. BEST THING EVER! Only side effects I EVER had were dry lips and two nose bleeds."
"Overall a good birth control to take. I have been using for 3 months and period is lighter with no cramps, don&#039;t get mood swings just a little sensitive a day before period. First few weeks I felt nauseous in mornings an head aches on and off but then they went away. No weight gain so far, boobs got a little bigger. A downside is I have been breaking out when usually I have no acne at all. So far very reliable because not pregnant"
"All statins gave me severe flu-like symptoms of muscle aches, fatigue, etc. After two months using only repatha, my overall cholesterol was reduced from 248 to 82, tri-glycerides from 276 to 107 and LDL from 166 to 30 with no side effects"
"I&#039;ve been on Suboxone, Buprenorphine/Naloxone, &amp; straight Buprenorphine. I find it to definitely help. I am clinically disabled because of my pain issues (Pudendal Nerve Entrapment, Juvenile Degenerative Disc throughout my neck &amp; back, SI Joint issues, &amp; a congenital fusion in my neck.).  I&#039;ve been on some form of this medication or the other for roughly 2.5 years. At first, I no longer had pain, but after about 5 months it slowly came back. However, it still isn&#039;t typically as bad as it was when I was on HIGH doses of morphine &amp; Vicodin. I would GLADLY take this before those any day of week! Buprenorphine products have done more for me (taking it EXACTLY as prescribed) than anything else ever has!"
"Changed my life completely, I can actually function in social settings."
"This med is a life saver I could not believe how quickly it worked. I feel great. I exercise at pulmonary maintenance X. 2 wk walking tread 30 min. I used to be short of breath, now I can walk. Carry groceries and it&#039;s 1 puff a day. Thanks to GlaxoSmithKline for making ANORO. Hopefully many people will be helped and get relief from this very debilitating disease. There is nothing worst in life than struggling to breath"
"Just got done with Suprep yesterday. Had to take 1st dose at 3pm. Didn&#039;t look up reviews. First gulp yuck! I had to mix the bottle w/cold water to make 16oz. I started whining about needing to finish it. I did and hoped I didn&#039;t barf it up. Started drinking the required 32oz of liquid. I chose water and apple juice. In 40 min. it worked. Neverending toilet trips. My bottom was on fire even using Vaseline. 9pm and I have to do it all again. I wanted to cry; the taste, the endless toilet trips, the raw rear end"
"Hi! I&#039;ve been taking YAZ since 2008 and I&#039;ve had no issues at all! Very clear skin, no weight gain, little to no period, no changes in my personality or mood... nothing! Only time I came off was when we were TTC :-)"
"I was on Levothyroxin (generic of Synthroid) for 3 years. It gave me terrible facial acne and my weight fluctuated in an 8 pound cycle up and down. I plateaued at a certain weight. I started Np, and the acne went away immediately, but I&#039;ve gained 8 pounds over that plateau in 2 months and the cellulite on my legs doubled. I have no idea if this is related but it seems too coincidental. Still super tired. Irritable. Occasional leg cramps."
"I had strep throat and got put on amoxicillin and got a yeast infection, which happens basically every time I take an antibiotic. Got the Equate  brand and it was around $15. It has the cream, some soothing wipes and the capsule you shoot up in your V. It&#039;s one day and you use it day or night. I&#039;m not doing anything for the next 4 hours so I figured I&#039;d just do it and get it over with so I can get some relief. The itching from my YI isn&#039;t bad. I used the soothing wipes first, then applied the cream to the outer parts, and then inserted the dreaded capsule . Instant relief. I&#039;ve never used the Monistat brand because I&#039;d rather pay less so I can&#039;t help with that but the Equate seems to be getting the job done."
"Let me start off saying that this birth control is the worst. I have been taking it for a year now and I have never felt worse. The first 4 four months were okay I didn&#039;t notice any bad side effects except for minor cramps everyday. After about five months it started to get worse. I have gained 15 pounds and it&#039;s extremely noticable. All I crave is junk food. I&#039;m way more irritable. And all the time. The week before my period is horrible. I often get bad PMS before my period. But the pill amplified it. It&#039;s even effected my sex drive, which is now non existent. The pill works for pregnancy prevention. But I would not recommend taking it."
"I have been taking Pradaxa for about three months and apart from the occasional heartburn, usually quite mild, I have had no real side effects other than a little more gas, but have felt much better in general and really appreciate the ability to eat green vegetables and not have the blood tests required by Warfarin. I have not had any bleeding problems and scratches seem to stop bleeding much more quickly than when using warfarin and no bruising.  I shall continue to use Pradaxa as long as my doctor is happy with the treatment."
"I have been taking Celexa 20MG for a few years and found it to be quite helpful in the beginning. It is true I have heard that Celexa is one of the better medications out there for depression, with little side effects. I haven&#039;t experienced much side effects until now. In fact I just came back from seeing my psychiatrist this afternoon and I told him about the side effects I was having. He suggested I clean my system of the medication for 2 weeks and come back to see him in 2 weeks to see if I am still suffering the side effects. At this point in time, I haven&#039;t quite decided what I want to do. If anything, I might want to lower the dosage to 10MG."
"I like Adderall for my ADHD a lot.  It keeps me focused and I am able to concentrate and accomplish the things that I need to get accomplished, also it helps me with my depression a lot because it makes me feel more happy and motivated."
"A few years before I went through menopause. I used to have incredible pain, headache and felt like my Lymph Nodes were going to burst out of my throat 3 days before my menstruation and when I started to take this it worked totally. I had tried all kinds of pain killers but nothing made any difference. My doctor had prescribed it for my back pain originally. So one day I decided to try take it for my menstrual pain and was amazed that it worked so well for my Lymph Nodes and headache as well."
"I have used fiorinal for years and had no problems, however my migraines have gotten worse over the last few months. I took a 100 mg imitrex yesterday and the side effects were terrible. My neck, head, throat, shoulders all became tight and felt as though I was &quot;high&quot; per se. I finally had to go up to bed and calm myself. I slept for 5 hours and woke up feeling groggy. If I need to take it again I will break it in half. It was a scary feeling. They only gave me 6 pills, thank goodness. I will stick with the fiorinal and a cup a coffee."
"Amazing medicine!  My doctor finally took me of Seroquel and put me on an upped dose of Latuda making my dosage 160 mg instead of 80 mg. I feel great and never better. I&#039;ve lost 20 lbs in a month! Now I&#039;m stuck at this weight but I did lose most of the weight I gained before.  It definitely makes me sleepy but I&#039;ve heard this goes away soon as your body adjusts.  As for the nausea I&#039;ve found eating small amount before and larger portion after taking the medicine and following it with a ginger pill and milk helps to stop it."
"I have taken this medication 4 times. I am definitely eating more than I did on Trulicity or Victoza. I am afraid to look at the scale. I crave sugar. Does this happen to anyone else? Does this change? I am nervous I will put back on all the weight I lost in the past 7 months. I do not have the terrible heartburn that I had on Trulicity though."
"I&#039;m 17 and my boyfriends condom broke during sex like most. Being my age a child is not something we need right now. I was very panicked and immediately got the pill. After reading many reviews on it I took it about 4 hours after the mishap. The only side effect I had was tender breasts. I got my period on my exact due date! This pill works! I promise you. Don&#039;t worry it will be okay !"
"This is literally a nightmare for your skin. On the week where you aren&#039;t taking the pill, my skin literally dried up. And almost immediately on the first day of taking the the pill after the break week, I will wake up the next morning with a cyst or two on my chin. I am done using this for good. Destroys your skin."
"I didn&#039;t have a runny nose or cough which I told my doctor,just a very sore throat, ear pain, fatigue and fever. He prescribed me the Benzonatate caps 100mg and as directed I took them and 3 days later still feel the same No different. The pills have started to make me cough but not bad. Sometimes after taking the pills I fall asleep and wake up because I can&#039;t breathe. I don&#039;t feel it&#039;s helped me at all."
"Flecainide has given me my life back. I have had NO side effects....maybe the first week or two it didn&#039;t take effect immediately.. but I love this med. It has changed my life for the better after suffering from long bouts of atrial fibrillation.."
"I am 22 and have been using the Nuvaring for almost 3 months.  At first I loved it.  It was so convenient.  I always forgot to take the pill so I wanted to try something that I could forget about.  I&#039;m not experiencing anything extreme but I am not a very emotional person but sense I have started the Nuvaring I am either extremely happy or something little will make me cry or want to throw a fit.  I realize it so I can usually get myself stopped but sometimes its too late!  Also I have been very tired.  I am not completely sure this is because of the ring but I think it is.  Also I am bloated all the time and I never used to be!  I wouldn&#039;t say this product is horrible but for me it isn&#039;t worth the inconvenience either."
"I have been on this medication for one month and my cystic acne is completely gone as a result, but it didn&#039;t clear up completely until week 3. I give this a 10 for the results. However, there is a long list of bad side effects for this medication and I suffered many of them. I had severe stomach pains. The pain wouldn&#039;t last long but it came on quick and strong before stopping. I also had some digestive issues, and an upset, gurgling stomach non-stop for the first week or two. I also got bad headaches and had no appetite for two weeks. It also made me nauseated at first. After week two, the side effects stopped, but it was a rough start."
"I&#039;ve been on Saxenda for 1 month and lost 15 pounds. But I do eat well. I like that I don&#039;t have any craving but I started to have rash where I inject so I have to go see my doctor. It itch, it looks like a skin reaction. I hope I won&#039;t have to stop. I&#039;ll keep you posted!"
"I have been on 100mg/day for over four years. Zoloft has helped me feel &quot;normal&quot; for the first time in my life. My emotions are balanced. I do not worry excessively and I no longer cry at inappropriate times; at work, in public places, parties, etc."
"I got my skyla inserted last Thursday April 23, 2015 today it&#039;s been a week after insertion. Placing the skyla was an intense pain for myself. Lots of craming and pressure which was very uncomfortable. After the insertion I had craps very mild but cramps for the first few days. 3 days after insertion I had really bad cramps and I had to take medication to relieve the pain. Today marks a week I&#039;ve been spotting none stop which is annoying, but w/e that&#039;s a common side effect. The only thing I can say is that as soon as they inserted skyla I&#039;ve lost my appetite (completely). I spend hours without eating and I don&#039;t get nauseous or dizzy which is very not like me. I force myself to eat, because I know I have too"
"Vimpat introduced 4 days ago at 50mg on top of Topamax (to be fazed out) and Tegretol. So far awful. Side effects are depression, lower back pain, mood is low, irritable, sad, day dreamy, tired, anxious. I don&#039;t feel like me anymore."
"Ten long days. Too many pills; just finish treatment today. Side effects are bad. EAT WELL BEFORE PILLS AND MAKE SURE YOU DRINK LOTS AND LOTS OF WATER."
"I take abilify 15mg for voices and a mood stabilizer. I take it in the form of an injection and I&#039;ve been on it for 7 months. It has dulled the voices drastically and stopped my severe mania. I am now able to think logically and the constant brain fog that I was suffering from has been lifted.I gave it 9 out of 10 because I still suffer from depression related to my ptsd. I currently am taking 20mg of Fluoxetine for my severe anxiety and depression.The only side effects I had from abilify was seeing faint flashes in the dark and slight tongue tremors. Other than that ablilify has worked wonders for me . I no longer experience mania and I am so grateful because I was extremely wild when I was manic."
"I have taken this medication about four times in my life. First two times because I was pregnant with a tooth abcess. Other two same story. First time it cleared the infection with little side effects as I already have IBS. Third time was terrible and I stopped taking it. This time I found it again and am on day 2. I&#039;m nauseous, have horrid cramping and diarrhea, severe lightheadedness, migraines, chills, slight fever and the pain is still immense. Not worth the side effects."
"After a year on Femara I am beginning to experience severe hair loss, bald patches on top of my head and the hair is turning thin and brittle. Insomnia for the last 2 months, pain in my joints, I was diagnosed with Glaucoma and am very forgetful, i.e. find it defficult to concentrate.  But, if Femara stops the recurrence of cancer, I&#039;ll keep taking it.  If it just were not for the hair loss. "
"I have mild acne  used epiduo for 6 months with no results it irritated my skin and acne didn&#039;t clear up I guess everyone  is different my sister used it too she had cystic acne and within 3 weeks her face was clear she has not scars but sadly it didn&#039;t work for me. I was prescribed this new gel and just in a few days I have noticed a huge difference finally my pimples are going away."
"I got this psoriasis when I was in my early 20&#039;s and I thought it was nothing because it started in my head. Itching and redness followed but still I ignored it not until it got bigger then I went to my doctor to get checked up. First, he doesn&#039;t know what kind of condition I have. He gave me a lot of things that made no effects on my skin. Bottom line was he didn&#039;t made me feel better until I discovered Clobex. I used the shampoo and spray in the same time but you need to be aware that over time any medications will not work. You need to take a break otherwise you will be immune to it or even worse. My skin cleared but after few months it came back so be careful using any medications."
"I just recently had a lumbar fusion but have had back problems for the past 5 years. The Dr would prescribe Flexeril but it wouldn&#039;t help and made my heart race. So my surgeon put me on Soma and it works tremendously.  Makes me a little drowsy but functional."
"Chantix worked and I am sure I would have been a non smoker if I could have finished the treatment. Stomach pain, nausea, and screwy sleep. But, it did take the desire away. Fast forward eight years. Decided to look into what makes chantix work. Cytisine compounds. I ordered tabex (cytisine) from Bulgaria. Three days smoke free. No cravings or side effects! If one doesn&#039;t work, try the other. My problem was I could never get my mind set right about quitting. I&#039;d want to, but as soon as I tried... I let my thinking trick me back into smoking. Am doing really good on the tabex. Ps... Been smoking since 13. Turned 40 this year. Got tired of this battle. But needed help to let it go!"
"Have been on campral for a month now. Was a beer and wine drinker averaging 9-10 standard drinks daily for 45 years but had an unrelated condition and although not pushed in any way by my doctor, wanted to cut down usual alcohol intake be to see if there was any difference. Campral virtually stopped drinking desire straight away but made no difference to other condition so grog not the problem for latter. However am still on campral and it seems the longer you&#039;re on it the greater the positive effect it has. Can now have 3-4 stubbies slowly then just lose interest. Can take it or leave now but good thing was that 3-4 stubbies (normal strength) are still enjoyable but that&#039;s it - no more and had -enough. Very happy and no side effects"
"Cymbalta is by far the best antidepressant on the market.  I have lost weight, eat better, feel better and have my family and my life back.

Thanks Cymbalta."
"I was getting sores in my mouth (bad ones). The Periogard worked quick and I use it twice a day. If I forget, my tongue gets sore and I RINSE immediately! It is the most fabulous thing I have found."
"It tastes like liquid peppermint bubble gum."
"I just got my Skyla inserted a few hours ago. It was quick, less than five minutes. I&#039;ve never had a child before, but I was on my period. I did not experience any pain. The cramps people talk about is just your body&#039;s reaction to your uterus being poked. It&#039;s weird and a little uncomfortable, but only for a minute. I took pain medicine beforehand, and have not had any cramping. Overall it was quick, and painless. Don&#039;t let any horror stories stop you from trying it out, you can always tell your doctor to stop if you feel pain. Everyone&#039;s body is different."
"This is the best pain medicine I have ever used, and I have used many.  I have a 4 level fusion in my neck that didn&#039;t fuse, and it was attempted twice.  Lower back surgery as well.  Broken hip, bad left knee, bad left ankle.  I was paralyzed briefly in an atv accident back in &#039;01.   Hydrocodone and oxycodone only lasted 2 hours or so.  The pain was about to disable me.  This drug is simply amazing. I do not get &quot;high&quot;, or feel a &quot;buzz&quot;.  No side effects, but possibly some impotence.  Taking 30mg every 12 hours, with a 10mg dose 3 times a day for &quot;breakthrough pain&quot;.  After 8 hours or so, the 30mg wears off rather quickly.  Many pharmacies don&#039;t stock opana, and I have trouble getting refills when out of town.  Keep that in mind."
"My platelet count was dangerously low.  After taking 50mg Promacta daily, my count was 275 after one month.  I have not had any side effects whatsoever.  However, I am curious as to why dairy is prohibited for four hours before and after taking medication.  The only other negative is the cost.  Thank God for insurance help."
"I was abusing alcohol for 5 years or so and was spiralling out of control. I went to the doctors on a couple of occasions and at first was offered only counselling. When I finally started taking sertraline about 7 months ago it changed my life. The first week in particular I struggled with the initial side effects such as insomnia and a strong &#039;spaced out&#039; feeling. The day I began taking sertraline was the day I stopped drinking alcohol and am now eating well. I have now been alcohol free for 7 months, my diet has never been so good and neither has my level of fitness. I&#039;m not saying that sertraline is the answer to all problems but for me it lifted a depression that I never knew I had and made we want to take care of myself again."
"I&#039;ve had this thing in my arm for a little over a year. First, my periods are so random, and last for weeks at a time. I&#039;ve gained 35 pounds despite my increase in workouts!!! My depression/anxiety is at an all time high, which makes it hard to do just about anything let alone have sex, WHICH IS THE REASON I HAVE THIS DANG THING IN THE FIRST PLACE. I get nauseous very easily and suddenly. I also tend to have headaches that last for days on end. This implant has caused me more problems than having a second child would have! I have an appointment with my Doctor to remove it, and I cannot wait to be done with this thing and feel like myself again. It might be convenient ladies, but it just isnt worth it."
"I reviewed a number of SNRI medicines in search of one that might work for fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome in addition to major depressive disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. After reading about Savella and finding this review site, I suggested Pristiq to my doctor as it seemed to be a good bet for the ailments I needed relief from. I was diagnosed recently with FM/CFS after 6 months of these conditions. I found Pristiq alleviated the worst of the pain. I still have some and am on 10mg of Elavil to help me &quot;sleep&quot; as the key side effect for me from Pristiq is worsening insomnia. I have a bad case of it and as anyone with FM and/or CFS knows, we only get shallow, mostly broken and non-restorative sleep."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon implant for two and a half years. It wasn&#039;t so much a bad experience, I&#039;ve had my period every couple months for at least 2 weeks. Just recently my period has lasted me about a month. Not necessarily heavy but really annoying. When I first got on nexlpanon I weighed about 125 - 130, and now I&#039;m around 110. I&#039;ve tried everything I could to gain weight from eating more to taking mass gainers. My body feels extremely weak and I&#039;m always tired. I feel as if it&#039;s been getting worse."
"So much pain!!! I was on the depo for 2 years and gained a lot of weight. I decided to try something different. The pill I wouldn&#039;t remember to take and being sexually active and 18 I didn&#039;t want to risk it. I read reviews on people saying it only hurts a little and then you have just normal period cramps. I got on the shot so I could stop my cramps. Mine are very severe. So if you have/had bad cramps don&#039;t get this. It hurt so much getting it inserted and I then got sick and had to stay an hour longer. Pain like I have never felt before. Can&#039;t walk without cramping up still. I got it 4 days ago."
"A few years back I developed anxiety and depression. Went on the SSRI and hated it. My dr. Then gave me Tramadol for my back and shoulder pain. But I found that it works better for me for my depression and anxiety.  After about 30 minutes from taking the pill I start to feel normal again and levelheaded"
"Due to a recent endometriosis diagnosis my doctor switched me to Lo Loestrin from Sronyx. The first day I took the pill I started cramping and bleeding like never before. I usually have really bad cramping, body aches, heavy bleeding but only for 3 days. It&#039;s now been 9 days on the pill and I am still bleeding heavily, cramping and having body aches. I don&#039;t understand and am so worried. I started the pill to control all these symptoms but its been very frustrating and confusing."
"I have been on and off of this for several months.  I wasn&#039;t good about taking it.  Now, I started again and immediately I started feeling edgy and nervous.  Almost feels like it is raising my blood pressure instead of lowering it. "
"When first taking this medication, I threw up the first few days of taking it. Through the months I have experienced excruciating pain 2-6 hours after taking it. I normally take it around 11 or 12, right before bed. so between 1 and 6 in the morning, I am waken up by the pain. It&#039;s an aching pain with nausea. it is about once or twice a month, but when it occurs, it is unbearable! It lasts for about an hour or until I can fall asleep in the fetal position (the only thing that lessens the pain.) I am not allergic to anything nor sensitive to foods, so I am sure it is not related to consumed foods. It does have some positives. I  ALWAYS receive my period on the same day and am not pregnant. So it does what it was intended for!"
"Had a major flare up back in April that almost lead to emergency Colonectomy. Hospitalized for 19 days straight, was in 2 different hospitals lost about half my bodies blood and 50 lbs over 6 months time. 1st doctor put me on many of the wrong medications as the disease was too severe. Starting out on Lialda, Uceris then up to Remicade which started to work for about a week and then Prednisone which was horrible. When I was in the 2nd hospital I had another Doctor prescribe Simponi and it took a while but is working for sure. I went from 20 times a day of red to 1 - 3 times a day (clear water)."
"I got mines inserted in February 2016. I was excited about the weight gain since I&#039;m slim and had lost a few pounds but my weight is stable. No acne breakouts, mood swings, best of all no PERIODS!! after insertion my period left and about 3 months later I spotted for 3 days and nothing since. No nausea like the pills, no vaginal wetness like the ring, no aches in bones like depo... I love it! Sorry for those dealing with bad experiences."
"I have BPD, anxiety disorder, and agoraphobia.  This medicine didn&#039;t do much for me.  I got all of the side effects but none of the relief.  I am only giving it a mid-line rating because I can&#039;t seem to tell if the medicine didn&#039;t help or if I am just more depressed/stressed lately."
"This is the only hormonal BC pill that doesn&#039;t give me mood swings or headaches, however, I do get frequent, heavy spotting throughout the month :("
"1/10/2017 I was ovulating. The sexual relations occurred that day. Plan b was taken 1/11/2017 around 6pm. On 1/21/2017 I got a positive pregnancy test. Plan b was not effective for me when taken during ovulation. If you are ovulating or near ovulation it is best to reframe from sex, get on birth control, use condoms, or any other birth control measure that would result in not getting pregnant. Placing your future in the hands of a pharmaceutical product is absolutely silly."
"I was through menopause by age 46.  The hot flashes were so frequent they disrupted my quality of life.  I urge you to discuss with your doctor but if you are concerned about the side effects of HRT, this is a very low dose spray.  As my physician pointed out, even with one spray a day I still have less estrogen than most women my age.  What do I notice?  Almost no hot flashes.  More energy, improved mood, fuller hair (unexpected benefit), less vaginal dryness, better sleep (use with progesterone).  If you are suffering with postmenopausal symptoms and are worried about HRT, this may be a good cautious step and all you really need to stop suffering!"
"I was prescribed 250/125 Augmentin 3x daily for a bad UTI that was turning into a kidney infection and hadn&#039;t responded to Cipro. 
The fatigue, fever, and chills are bad enough with a UTI, but add Augmentin and it amplified it by 10. I have been in bed since I started taking it two days ago, I can&#039;t stop shaking and my joints feel like they&#039;re going to explode!
Not to mention the vivid, hallucenenic type nightmares and the constant feeling of paranoia and feeling on the brink of a panic attack!! If you have anxiety like I do DO NOT TAKE THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE TO!!! I had a mental breakdown about taking another dose as I don&#039;t feel I can handle these side effects much longer. 
9/10 would not take again, doesn&#039;t seem to be helping the infection"
"I was prescribed this medicine from the weight loss clinc. I started out at 5&#039;3 223lbs in March 2015 and now I&#039;m down to 178. I was skeptical about the side effects, scared mostly. However, the tingly sensation just irritates me. It is better now. I am afraid of increasing the dosage because I&#039;m still on the lowest dosage. I&#039;m working extra hard to lose weight each month so the Dr won&#039;t up the dosage. So far it is working great for me. My finance noticed a huge change in my mood and behavior but I don&#039;t feel too bad. I have noticed my hair has been falling out and thinning which is new symptom and I do not particularly like.i just have to reach a bmi of 27! That&#039;s the goal to get off the medicine and reach my weight goal !"
"I used Yaz when I was in varsity as I had SEVERE acne. it took a couple of months to clear but when it did, my skin was completely clear!! I used it straight through for about 8 years. I decided to stop using it for about a year as I am much older now and assumed my hormones were in balance. It took about 4 months for my acne to start re-appearing and now its worse than ever again!! So I&#039;m going back on Yaz and I&#039;m on month two and my acne keeps worsening each day! I&#039;m just trying to be patient and hopefully soon it will clear my skin again! I guess Accutane will be my option for a permanent solution because I cannot be on the pill for life!! *Hopeful for a clear skin soon*"
"This worked great to slow down my irritated reactions during a high period of stress in my life.  (Took 50 mg once a day). Now after doing a 2 week taper off (which that time was fine), now for the last 4 days of no sertraline at all, I FEEL SO EXTREMELY DIZZY THAT IT MAKES ME NAUSEATED, GRUMPY and I WOULD RATHER SLEEP IT OFF UNTIL THIS GOES AWAY. "
"This product is good not only for constipation but it also cleanses out your intestine and helps with  bad breath or really bad smelling stools or gas"
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for 5 years now. Overall pretty good. No pregnancies, keeps acne at bay, periods only last ~4 days when it used to be heavy flow for 7  days without birth control (plus, can predict what time it will come; mine starts between 3-7 pm every first day of period). My breasts also went up 1.5 cup sizes. 

The only down side for me would be extreme mood swings (mad, sad, crying for no reason... But only towards my husband lol!) during period, breast tenderness (near and during period time), occasional nausea.

After 5 months of use, I tried skipped the series of white pills and went straight into the next pack in hopes of not getting my period for that month... went terribly. Bled/ spotted for the next 30 days."
"This medication works very well for me. I take it with Pristiq and it is a very good combination. Haven&#039;t felt this good for a year."
"I switched from the Nuvaring to this at the advice from my endochronologist who said that the Nuvaring was messing with my thyroid and that she feels like my body cannot handle additional hormones in my body. Ive been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about 2 months and it has been the worst. Terrible mood swings, depression, bloating, constipation and no sex drive! I&#039;m 27 and to have no sex drive is crazy. I have anxiety disorder and this medicine has made it worse and is actually causing depression which according the side effects, is common. So I&#039;ll be going back to the doctor and asking for something else. The only positive is that my period started as soon as I went to the white pills and wasn&#039;t heavy or crampy."
"This was the first drug I was tried on for my depression BEFORE my OCD started (I&#039;m 14). I have PTSD, so along comes depression, anxiety, etc. When the psyciatrist prescribed me this, he had only seen me for 45 minutes and that was his decision. The first time taking it, I wasn&#039;t feeling right. Week 1 was unbearable. I felt like I had the stomach and head flu combined. I also started having more suicidal thoughts so I called my doctor and they stopped me. Not an effective drug for me unfortunately, that is why I give Zoloft a 1."
"Worked like a charm , stopped the nighttime pain and burning. Unfortunately my insurance company no longer covers it.  "
"I have been on Remicade since April after not getting any relief from Inbrel or Humira.

The initial relief was wonderful, but the results since then have been very unreliable.  I find that the week before my infusion is due, I am in terrible pain all over again.  I also have a hard time with the methotrexate, it makes my stomach very upset and wipes me out the day I have to take it."
"This is my third birth control I didn&#039;t ask for the changes they just happened! But this one I love b4 taking birth control I had period for 5 days and they were very heavy which totally sucked.  Then I got on birth control and it slowed them down to eventually 3 days very light periods and now I don&#039;t even have a period at all! It kinda worried me at first not having a period but I took a test to confirm I wasn&#039;t and sure enough NOT PREGNANT! This is my second week not having a period and I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 7 months! I like having no period but it does stress me out a little"
"I just got mine in August 09 once I had my first child. It works good. I started gaining weight but have lost it. I weigh 111lbs so I&#039;m okay where I am at. As for the symptoms I do bleed every 3 months or so and it goes on for about 3 weeks but I&#039;m okay with that. I thinks it&#039;s probably my body getting rid of all the bad stuff. I think it is probably the best birth control since you dont have to worry, forget about taking it or anything."
"Hello ladies, I&#039;ve had the implanon for 2 years now and I can say I like it but also there are things I don&#039;t like about it. I got my implanon inserted in 2015 and didn&#039;t have any problems with it until about 6 months into it. After that I&#039;ve had periods 2 times a month - every month that has lasted for about 5 days, sometimes even lasted a week. The second thing I don&#039;t like about it is I have no sex drive what so ever. Another thing I don&#039;t like is my hair falls out and I can&#039;t seem to stop gaining weight and I&#039;m tired a lot, I also got diagnosed with panic disorders"
"This medication can be dangerous but it works REALLY well.
I used it to treat stomach motility. I&#039;ve been admitted in the ER many times during flare ups (severe nausea/vomiting/no sleeping/misery that would last for days) and as soon as I would get it through and IV, I would feel so good! So it&#039;s a miracle drug when it comes to treating nausea/vomiting. 
I took only 10mg, because of the warnings and only took it at night and if I needed it (if I ate something that would not digest) 
It worked really well to manage gastroparesis. I started to function, gain weight, eat food. 
Then after 6 months I woke up one day and my speech was slurred, and I was losing fine motor control, couldn&#039;t write or text, so I had to stop taking it."
"I have struggled with mild but persistent acne since I was 11 or so, and am now 21 and finally doing something about it! I am doing 3 things: Doryx (oral antibiotic), Retin-A micro at night, and Aczone mornings (and afternoons sometimes). I have seen huge improvement over the last 3 months, though not perfectly clear (mine is clearly hormonal and stress-related, so that&#039;s frustrating). Aczone doesn&#039;t dry out my skin and make it flake like other topical creams or gels (especially Benzaclin) and it makes my face feel smooth. Strangely, within the last week I have noticed some itchiness/dryness and peeling and I don&#039;t know why there is this change. I have been more consistent about putting it on twice a day instead of once, so maybe that&#039;s why"
"I have mercury-poisoning induced Bipolar II and took Lamictal. It made me feel great until I ended up in the hospital with erythema multiforme covering my whole body and aseptic meningitis. I was very disappointed because I was starting to feel really good on it. Andy Cutler Protocol has been the best treatment for me thus far, but I really wanted something to eliminate the depressive episodes (my manic ones are mild) while I get all the mercury out."
"I recently started taking Mobic for my back pain. It makes almost all of the pain go away, and still allows me to be able to safely care for my daughter. The only side effect I have experienced is discomfort in my stomach after taking it, but it&#039;s much better than the back pain I was experiencing."
"Been talking this medication  so long, don&#039;t see where it is helping because I still have the same symptoms over and over."
"I usually wait to take this drug in the hope that the gout pain will pass. I ALWAYS regret not taking it right away. You feel relief in a couple of hours and I have never had a side effect or stomach upset.  For me it works great. Sometimes though the day after I take the last pill my toe knuckle swells up again. I wait again to restart the dose. "
"I had Nexplanon for 2 weeks. The first week was fine. The second week I lost my appetite, sex drive, 10 pounds, and experienced mood swings and sadness. I knew before getting it that it takes 3 months to adjust, but when I decided to get it, I didn&#039;t know how much it would affect my mood and I was not willing to make myself go through 3 months of these symptoms. I&#039;ve been depressed before and I felt like I was heading in that direction. I went to Planned Parenthood and had them take it out. I certainly was not on it long enough to give a detailed review of the product, but I was on it long enough to know that my body was unhappy with my decision to get it. I&#039;m happy I got it removed. I recommend trying it, but listen to your body."
"I didn&#039;t like this medicine at first. I had headaches, and had some symptoms of depression. These problems went away after two weeks of regular use. I cannot rate it against other such medicines because Adcira is the only such medicine I have used."
"I have suffered with severe diabetic peripheral, proximal and autonomic neuropathy for 7 years. The pain and dysthesias were constant, I could eventually fall asleep for a couple of hours but that was it. I was prescribed Darvocet, Neurontin, Tramadol, Codeine, Cymbalta, none of which worked, not even a little. I had to fight the insurance company for over 7 months to get on Lyrica and when it was finally approved I figured it wouldn&#039;t work either... An hour after I took the first dose I was completely pain free. I slept 9 hours the first night and haven&#039;t slept less than 7 hours since. I actually have my life back."
"I love these vitamins I have tried several different ones this pregnancy and I love these the best!"
"I take Tylenol Migraine Ultra every morning to ease my chronic daily headaches. They work within 20 minutes."
"I originally tried switching from 50 mcg of levothyroxine to 50 mcg of tirosint. Had horrible headaches and insomnia. I thought it was the med. Turns out this stuff is absorbed way better. I am now on my second trial of this medication only on 25 mcg and it is fabulous. I am slowly starting to feel normal again. And in only 2 weeks my labs are perfect. From what I have read starting the dose lower is best. I wish i would have done this my first try years ago cause I could have been feeling better a lot sooner. Levothyroxine and synthroid were AWFUL. Never felt good, was always depressed, irritable, teeth clenching, anxiety the list goes on. I will pay the price of tirosint to feel human! Praying things continue to get better."
"After one week on contrave with no sign of it beginning to work I woke up with hives,.  A few hours later my whole body was covered with hives and extremely itchy.  Over the counter antihistamine did little to help and I continued to break out .I did not take any more contrave after the first sign of hives. The second day I went to ER for help from the growing whole body rash and frenzied itching. I was given Iv steroids and more antihistamine. It has now been 5 days of hives and I do not think i have peaked yet. Each day it is worse and I do not know when it will start to abate. Horrible Horrible experience"
"I am 19 years old and have been taking Beyaz for 3 months. This is my first time being on birth control. However, I am switching because of the mood swings. I feel like I have crippling depression. I am NOT like this at all - this isn&#039;t me. It has gotten worse each month. I cry at every little thing and have had increasing suicidal thoughts. It is absolutely miserable. Other than depression, other negative effects have been weight gain (nearly 10lbs), low sex drive, and my acne has stayed prominent. The only positive aspects are I didn&#039;t get pregnant (a few times I missed my time to take the pill up to 7 hours) and my breasts are definitely bigger than normal."
"I read all the information on the previous pages. The box of Mucinex D that I just purchased has a much higher mg of active ingredients than what was reviewed. Mine has 1200 mg guaifenesin and 120 mg pseudoephedrine HCI per pill. The information on the other page was regarding HALF those amounts. So be sure to take the correct dosages into account."
"I had hot flashes every 2 hours. My face would turn beet red my glasses would fog up and always at an inappropriate time. Took my first dose of Effexor 37.5mg, my hot flashes are basically non- existent. Mood is also awesome now."
"Hello! I just started back on 40mg Prozac for the second time. I originally started taking it last summer for anxiety. I more so like to call it situational anxiety (single mom working my butt off trying to raise my daughter). I think anyone would have stress in my shoes. I&#039;ve pushed past that all now. It helped with the anxiety, but it really helps with weight loss. I lost about 20 lbs. Went off  the meds (no withdrawals) and weight slowly crept back on. My brother is getting married in a couple months and I want to look my best and shed a few pounds. Honestly, Prozac doesn&#039;t effect my brain much. Food taste different tho. I have a hard time having an orgasm. Worth the sacrifice for now. Other than that perfect pill for me for weight loss."
"My toddler son uses this to help with his asthama symptoms. This helps, but is not a right away medicine to use. If it a emergency he has to use a inhaler for the quick fix. This medicine takes about 20-min to hour to work."
"I&#039;ve been on the medicine for 3 weeks and lost 8 pounds.  I would love to continue.  However, possible side effects of this medication are depression, mental confusion, suicidal thoughts, etc.  I have struggled in the past with depression.  This medicine has has ignited a fire in my brain.  I am at the point where I seriously think I&#039;m going crazy.  I urge you to disclose fully to your doctor if you suffer from chronic depression and urge you to reconsider taking this medicine.  I begged my husband to commit me yesterday, that was my mental state.  I&#039;m seeing my doctor Monday to figure out a different course of action now."
"I have been on the Savella now for about 2 weeks and minus the chills some and hot flashes I think its actually working for the fatigue and fogginess. After recently going through radiation treatments for breast cancer, between the radiation and fibromyalgia my energy was so low I didn&#039;t think I would ever get out of bed again. But, like I said right now I&#039;m thinking it&#039;s working miracles because I have more energy than I&#039;ve had in years and pray it keeps working."
"I got Nexplanon about a month and a half ago. As I&#039;ve only ever used low dose estrogen birth control pills, Nexplanon sent my mood swings through the roof within the first two weeks. I mean out of control, cry-in-my-car-at-work , ugly mood swings. It was awful. Since those first two weeks things have gotten exponentially better. The mood swings aren&#039;t really happening anymore, I don&#039;t feel depressed/anxious/sad at all. My skin completely cleared up and I&#039;ve been losing weight. The spotting has lightened up and I feel normal again. Every body is different- but this is definitely worth a try! If it weren&#039;t for the wild mood swings I&#039;d rate a full 10."
"This is the only medication that I can take it helps my pain. I have to be very careful with it because it makes me quite nauseous so I only take half pills and not very much at all. The biggest problem is is that nobody will prescribe it. It really sucks that a few bad people out there who abuse drugs have made it so you can&#039;t get the pain medication that you need. I can&#039;t take Advil I can&#039;t take steroids I can&#039;t take any of the others Tramadol or Tylenol 3 it&#039;s ridiculous"
"I wish I never got this. 3 months after insertion I began to get extreme abdominal pain once a month due to new ovarian cysts. Now, 8 months after starting and 1 month after removal, I might need surgery due to an 8cm cyst on my ovaries. Doesn&#039;t mean that it&#039;ll happen to you but be aware that the risk is there! I thought it would never happen and that it was unlikely but here I am today."
"I used this medication and had none of the insomnia or restlessness. I had the exact opposite reaction. I had been dealing with a sinus cold and was getting headaches from them. After using over the counter medication to combat the headaches I went to the doctor who prescribed Mucinex D because he said it was much more powerful. Long story short I couldn&#039;t make it through a day of work without sleeping. I at first related it to the cold, but when I halved my dosage I was still tired but not to the point of exhaustion when I took two pills. As of now my pills are gone and I don&#039;t feel tired in the least. Insomnia I can handle, falling asleep on the job I can&#039;t."
"I began taking Zoloft four months ago after being diagnosed with OCD, which I have suffered with for probably 15 years. I started with a dosage of 25 mg and experienced quite a bit of nausea for the first few weeks. I also dealt with a spike in anxiety, which I combatted with Clonopin and relaxation techniques. My psychiatrist slowly increased the dosage to 150 mg over the past few months. During that time, with the addition of psychotherapy, I began to slowly recognize that my symptoms were decreasing. It has become much easier to recognize my intrusive thoughts as OCD, and to say &quot;no&quot; to the multitude of rituals that I engaged in on a daily basis. In fact, since I have reached 150 mg, my anxiety and other symptoms have almost disappeared."
"I have been on this pill for a little under a year for the main reason to prevent pregnancy, but to also help regulate my period. Before I started the pills, I would have horrible cramps and long, heavy periods and now other than heavy nausea in the first week and some diarrhea, my periods are short and rather light. This is the only pill I have ever been on and I can say that it does make me more emotional and sick at times, but no pregnancy! It does the job with little side effects: nausea and diarrhea."
"Very good product. Nice to see something work the way a doctor says it will."
"Didn&#039;t do anything just like taking 800 mg ibuprofen. I don&#039;t recommend anyone to ever get this if you are in severe pain."
"I have been using the Trulicity pen for 5 weeks now and can honestly say it is amazing. It is not a magic bullet or anything like that, but with my determination to eat properly, drink plenty of water, exercise and just simply &quot;do it!&quot;... things are steadily improving. Starting with an 8+ a1c, I am now in the 6 range! And I have lost about 8 pounds in the last 5 weeks. At the age of 67 I have made this the top priority.... time&#039;s awasting.... got grandchildren to see grow and develop!"
"I have been taking Adderal  for 2 years now (3 of the 30mg tablets a day). It&#039;s a great way to get your work done in school and anything else you may need motivation to do. It also makes me more social and interesed in things I wouldn&#039;t normally be interested in.
The bad thing about it is that if you go even one day without it you eat 3 times more than you usually would and you feel irritable and agitated.

overall- coudlnt live without it"
"Has anyone noticed that the ad blitz on this farce has ended. This has been an elaborate scam for something that was grossly overhyped, is very expensive, and does not perform."
"The only side effects I had from this was sore breasts and constipation. Other than that, it worked well. Better than expected."
"I&#039;ve tried Tenuate 2 years ago to lose weight. It WORKED then and now I&#039;m older and have high blood pressure and a bad back so I needed a boost again! Still works the same in lowering my hunger, lost 5 lbs in 2 days! 35lbs more to go and I&#039;m VERY confident I&#039;m going to succeed. Mine are 75 mg. No side effects with the exception of dry mouth. I drink more water."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for just over one year now and can only say positive things about it and how it has helped me with anxiety and depression.  I have not experienced any negative side effects."
"I&#039;m a 43 yr old healthy female who has had recent spinal disc degeneration so pain has been tough. Sleep was always elusive a bit except when exercise a big part of my life; now sleep has gotten more unobtainable. I used to get rx ambien but as predicted, it stopped working quickly with tolerance (non-addictive like unisom, but habit-forming and awful on memory - be wary of zolpidem/ambien.) Unisom and its generic have contributed to depression and ill feelings. I think this is quite literally as the bottle reads, for OCCASIONAL sleeplessness. Wishing it worked more regularly."
"Better option for my patients that cannot take STRs or for those patients that  I would not start on STRs due to potential issues with compliance, easy to add to either NRTIS regimen, once daily is better for compliance"
"I used paxil many, many years ago when going thru a bad divorce and it worked very well.
Then after a few years on this stuff it stopped working.
Well here I am over 15 years away from these types of meds, I lost my son and went into a deep depression.
Not really wanting to go back on SSRI&#039;s (paxil) I was convinced by my doc to try paxil again. BAD mistake, after using 20 mg for 5 weeks ...nothing!
I went bac even worse!
This stuff (paxil) is really BAD. I went cold turkey and went thru 7 days of HELL!
But now I can finally say I am off of this type of stuff FOREVER ! and I&#039;m feeling great. I started to look at the good things in my life day by day. This really works."
"About a 2 months ago I started having severe abdominal pain, my doctor started me on Norcos and now for the first time in two months I feel normal again. I am able to control my pain and now I can live my life relatively pain free."
"Hello. My boyfriend and I had sex with a condom and it broke... and we were really scared and I actually started crying. We rushed to the local drug store within 45 minutes and I took the pill. I was supposed to get my period the week after that. Waiting and waiting is so painful and trust me and believe what people said about worrying making it worse.. IT DOES! So you can worry too much. My period came 2 days late and I&#039;m so glad that I took the pill. I did not experience any side effects. 10/10 and it works!"
"I only found myself on this website after not having a period for 4 months to see if anyone else had anything to say about that. I do have to take pregnancy tests to be safe but this stuff is really good. The only side effects of taking it for me are sore breasts and occasional nausea, but the pros definitely outweigh the cons. I don&#039;t intentionally skip a period so if this worries you I would stay away from this birth control."
"First off thank you to everyone that replied and posted there results. It was very helpful to me when I had concerns in the middle of the night last night.
My experience wasn&#039;t so bad. I previously had to do the jug prep. That was so horrible. Suprep was a lot easier on me and the taste wasn&#039;t as bad as others have said it to be. Just drink fast. I took at 6pm and was fearful wasn&#039;t working as no BM until 1230am. I did have a lot of stomach pains though.Once started was easy and over within few hours. Took second dose at 6am and before could finish solution was running for bathroom. By 830am was clear and ready for procedure."
"So, I am not one to take medications much and I don&#039;t take any medicine on a regular basis, but Mucinex D is definitely a must in my medicine cabinet for that severe once a year bug. It CAN cause sleeplessness in the night but with that in mind I usually take it at 7 am and 7 pm if I even take a second dose at all during a 24 hour period. I cannot sleep when I get a cold and though this medication can keep me awake, it is still a better alternative to suffering through a night of clearing my throat and getting up to blow my nose multiple times. For the record I only take 1 at a time and have quick results with no other side effects besides the sleeplessness. Choose wisely y&#039;all, this stuff can be a miracle if you need one."
"The first week is hard. I took it with Xanax to make sure I could sleep through the night. Get through the side effects, and it will change your life. I&#039;m so happy. Night and day difference."
"I just started this medication on April 1st and after 3 days I started seeing the effects and I can see it&#039;s taking it&#039;s course and working so far. The doctor started me on 40mg two times a day for 4 months. So far only side effect is dryness which was to be expected. "
"I just had this inserted recently, so I can&#039;t speak to the long term effects of it, but after reading a review on here from someone who claims the pain &quot;isn&#039;t excruciating&quot;... I beg to differ. I took 400mg of ibuprofen two hours before I was on the procedure table (in hindsight I should have taken 800mg). I am a 21yr old female who has never had children, with extremely light periods that last about 3 days (prior to having this inserted). I nearly passed out from insertion, I was hyperventilating with a death grip on the assistant&#039;s hand and she had to sit with me for about 10 minutes afterwards while I ate a banana and drank water because I couldn&#039;t feel my face and was still dizzy. Have someone on-call to drive you home."
"The flavor is absolutely vile. I am still trying to drink the second dose. I broke down crying during the first dose because it was awful. HOWEVER, it actually does what it is suppose to and is cleaning my bowels."
"My doctor prescribed me this gel for my mild to many spots on my face and back. The first day I applied it the next morning my face was almost clear of blackheads and I had noticed an improvement however I decided to do what may have been a really foolish thing. I applied it on all of my cheeks and basically most of my face, the parts which rarely had spots on. I woke up the next day to a stinging bright red face. My skin was so so dry. It was patchy orange and red, it was half peeling and it looked like I was wearing patchy foundation. "
"My panic disorder started very gradually. At first it was a slight panic that lasted for a min or two when I was driving, then it slowly intruded into my life. At some worst points I was unable to sleep for a week. I might be able to doze off for an hour or two, and then I&#039;d wake up with a racing heart. Buspar helped at first, I was only on 5mg for five months, never went up in dose. After about 5 months, stressful events like job interviews pretty much made this med ineffective for me. I really liked this med as it had no side effects for me. No dizziness or nausea or &quot;brain zaps&quot;. My doctor put me on Paxil instead. Just started it, but it seems to be working. My pulse is still about 20 beats above my normal rate, but it doesn&#039;t bother me."
"Was prescribed following surgical tooth extraction. Worked good, let me finally get some rest, albeit after getting sick for the first dose. I get sick on the first dose of most pain meds tho, pretty sure it&#039;s common."
"I suffered with vertigo migraines for two years before I was put on 10mg of endep, felt the difference within a week and went up to 20mg a couple of months after. This drug gave me back a life, I was able to go back to work, and after not being able to lie down to sleep for weeks I am now sleeping with just one pillow!  Vertigo was horrendous, no headache just vertigo and pressure in my head.  Had to up the dose after being on it for two years just recently and waiting for it to kick in, but after having another attack a week ago I realised how great this drug is &amp; how terrible I feel with vertigo migraines.  Definitely recommend this drug, worth trying for at least two weeks because I found side effects really decreased after that time"
"It&#039;s very strange feeling getting rid of craving so easy.  For last 5 years I&#039;ve  tried different techniques to stop drinking. I drank 2 to 4 strong beers a day and I couldn&#039;t stop it for longer then few days.  I&#039;m still thinking about having a beer but ( I can&#039;t explain it ) but I just don&#039;t HAVE TO!
I&#039;m taking minimal dose 5mg x 3 per day and it&#039;s working.  ONE IMPORTANT THING: You have to be willing to stop drinking."
"My husband&#039;s left kidney was removed in March 2015 . No signs of cancer for one and a half years. In October  2016 he had cough and lower back pain. Did PET CT and found mets in lungs and spine . Started taking votrient since December 2016. After 3 months tumours in lungs are found shrinking.  Major side effects are vomiting ,muscle and bone pain. Nowadays he is full time on bed due to muscle pain. Acid reflux is overcomed with Pan D . We are hoping and praying for positive results."
"I started taking 50mg of Zoloft about 6 months ago.  I started taking it for depression, stress/anxiety.  It does the trick but there are two side effects I don&#039;t like.  First I have put on weight and second climaxing is near impossible.  "
"Extremely effective in the short term. Immediately extinguished suicidal thoughts and took away the heavy burdensome feeling of depression. Currently working on sustaining this response more than the 3-4 days it lasts."
"I have Insomnia due the past 10 years and have been using Zolpidem (Ambien&#039;s generic) 10 mg. I find that it take me anywhere from 1 hour to 1 1/2 hours before I am ready to lie down. When I finally go to bed I will sleep anywhere from 8-10 hours and wake up refreshed."
"I was on Sprintec for 3 years. I had no major side effects I thought until recently I stopped taking it so my husband and I can start trying for a baby. About a week and a half off the pill my sex drive sky rocketed! Now I&#039;m realizing that the hormones were suppressing my sex drive. Anyone else had this happen to them?"
"I&#039;ve only been on the pill for three weeks so far, but I&#039;ve noticed some side effects.  My boobs are bigger and tender and I cannot stop eating.  My appetite is insane.  I also used to have decent skin, but now I get some breakouts.  Maybe I&#039;m still adjusting? I didn&#039;t notice any mood changes, though."
"Saw an improvement shortly after I started taking Oracea.   Skin was smoother and nose area was not as bumpy and less skin flareups caused lots of upset stomach.  Several times tool this medicine with water and maybe 40 minutes later would throw up. Also medicine is very expensive."
"44 year old male 5mg/daily helped some in achieving and maintaining an erection ... however, the few times I doubled up and took 10mg actually did the trick for me, although it was still nothing like being 19 again.. maybe more like being 35 again. 

Pleasant, few side effects."
"My pharmacist switched me to this pill. This is the second month on this brand and it&#039;s been giving me terrible moods swings, I feel like I&#039;m PMSing everyday, and my period is irregular and barely anything comes out, thought I was pregnant. I&#039;m switching back to Aviane."
"Suffering this &quot;allergy season&quot;. New eye drops are FANTASTIC.  3 Cheers for Azelestine eye drops!!!"
"Have been taking ropininrole for probably 10 years and could not exist without it.  If I forget to take it, I panic because I know my legs will start their crawling dance.  As for the side affects that I read about, I have been extremely lucky to have dodged any.  I shudder to even imagine this drug being taken off the market."
"After taking medicine for a year after ablation started getting severe constipation and low thyroid. Dr. then took me off of it. No more constipation! Just feeling tired now and need to get thyroid checked again. Also heart has stayed in rhythm thus far about 4 weeks."
"I have never written a drug review before but wanted to add a positive note on top of all the scare stories as it can be very successful. I was one of the first people in the UK to be prescribed it and it has very successfully controlled my fibromyalgia for over 12 years. 

Yes, I had side effects at the beginning but I realised that the dose was too strong for me so we restarted the drug on a very low dose and added to it in 25 mg doses in order to tailor it to my body. Too much makes me dizzy but little maintenance doses through a day take the edge off of pain and throbbing and supplement simpler anti inflammatories. It works best before bed and is crucial to controlling my restless legs."
"I had chronic ulcers, stomach pain, gas and one day on Florastor and all symptoms are totally gone."
"I have been dealing with Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis since 2003. A rare form of the disease that only affects 10% of the MS community. Many people know someone with MS, but very few with this form. To this day I have been repeatedly reminded by the medical society there are no known medications to treat this condition. Vicodin 10/660 has helped with the variety of MS pains and has also eased the mental stress and allowed me to think clearer. I have been allowed to try everything in stock but always come back here. I have not drank alcohol this entire time frame and use Miralax daily to avoid constipation. Hope this helps and God bless."
"I&#039;m so grateful I finally found this pill. I feel like I have my life back. It has allowed me, after 3 major surgeries &amp; years of painful hormones, to remember what it feels like to *not* be in pain/discomfort all the time. I use Zenchent continuously in with the arm implant Nexplanon (implant alone wasn&#039;t enough). Between the 2 I do not have any bleeding, nor endo symptoms (mostly intestinal &amp; ovarian when they&#039;re bad), nor any bad side effects - no tender breasts, decreased sex drive, acne breakouts, crazy mood swings, cramping, bloating, food cravings, weight gain, rage attacks (all of which I&#039;ve experienced with other hormone regimens). I actually sleep better on this pill. Have hope that you can find the right endo management too!"
"I&#039;ve been on 9 different birth control pills (includes lo loestrin). I am 35 years old, around 124 pounds and 5&#039;3&quot;. My OBGYN prescribed this pill 6-7 months ago with the hopes of alleviating my heavy bleeding and fatigue. Now, all women&#039;s bodies react differently to these pills. This review is based on how my body reacted to lo loestrin. PROs: no periods (just light bleeding at times), energy, pregnancy prevention. CONs: anxiety, aggrevation, weight gain (I felt like I was eating for two), strange chest pain on the left, small break outs. My OBGYN accidently prescribed me back on my old BC accidently meaning to prescibe me on Lolo. I was glad she made that mistake because I did not like the way this pill made me feel."
"In the last year I&#039;ve lost my husband, my job, and as a result, I relapsed. Alot of stress, anxiety, and little sleep.  I am now 6 months clean. Began taking trazadone 6 mos ago. After a few months it was not helping me long term.  It would some what relax me, I&#039;d fall asleep, but suddenly, I was awoke after about 3 hrs .  After communicating that, I was told that because of my weight gain now weighing 198, height (5&#039;3&quot;)  that contributed to the non effectiveness, and the fact that on the end of my treatment, I was no longer taking some of the other meds. Anyways, once my dosage was increased to 100mg, and   I&#039;ve felt so at ease, and have slept through the whole night like a baby.   Thank God for Trazadone,  2 thumbs up."
"I have taken both prescription and OTC Prilosec.  After losing my prescription coverage, I changed to OTC version and have had great results.  I try to take my pill at least 2 to 3 hours before lunch. It works very well for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking 20 mg once a day along with Skelaxin for my Tempromandibular Joint Disorder pain for about a year now.  What a lifesaver!  For those with TMJ problems taking only Piroxicam, talk to your talk about adding the Skelaxin.  I&#039;m no longer crying at the end of a work day!"
"I suffered with nerve damage at back of my neck. Lyrica caused me severe memory loss, confusion and depression. It stopped my nerve problem but my good memory has not returned. I also suffer headaches, which I never had before."
"So far, so good!  I had never been on birth control before and had read some horror stories about birth control, specifically this kind.  The first few days, I had awful migraines -- after that, everything went completely back to normal.  I feel like myself; in fact, I think my moods (especially around my period) are much more level than in the past.  Some tenderness, little nausea, but nothing that I can&#039;t handle.  I highly recommend this birth control and enjoy being on it!"
"I have fought depression all my life-60  years. I have tried pretty much every medicine available. My care provider put me on 40 mg Viibryd and 100 mg Lamotrigine. After about 6 weeks I woke up and could face the day. I have the desire to live and no longer have to try to pull myself out of a deep pit every day. "
"I started taking Nucynta about 4 days ago. I took 1 x 50mg tablet that morning and I felt okay. I took another one that night and I had a terrible reaction, my face got hot and my heart started beating like crazy and the beats were very irregular. I thought I was having a heart attack. Luckily I am prescribed Klonopin, I had to take 2 of them and it took about a half an hour to stop. I almost called an ambulance."
"I&#039;ve used the Zithromax Z-Pack several times over the years and have found it to be the ONLY pharmaceutical that actual works QUICKLY and the problem doesn&#039;t return upon finishing up the prescription. I&#039;m prone to a once a year, or once every two year throat infection. Extremely sore, dry yet phlegmy throat without any other signs of a cold. No cough, runny nose, sneezing nor fever. By the second day of taking this pack, my symptoms have already begun to subside. A very effective drug, indeed."
"I am 33, smoked since age 21. All the side effects you hear about are very real and for some like me are magnified a lot. I was able to quit smoking after just a few days of taking Chantix and had no desire to smoke at all. I had quit for 3 weeks so I decided to stop taking Chantix as the side effects were really starting to affect me. The nausea, constipation, tired/groggy and disconnected at work and home, getting mad at the smallest things and yes even suicidal thoughts. I had to stop taking this medicine. I am now quitting smoking cold turkey. "
"I started talking Lolo in June after my son was born and have been on it for nearly 6 months. 
I originally received a 3 month trial package from my OBGYN which from reading the reviews seems like the pharmacy company gave out a load of this Bc everywhere.. 
My side effects include..... my sex drive is nearly completely gone and seeing as I&#039;m in my prime and normally have an above high sex drive,  random 1 day spotting, moodiness, cramping on stomach and back, headaches, Major bloating feels like I&#039;m always about to get my period,  sleeplessness and I&#039;ve been unable to loss baby weight since I&#039;ve been taking this birth control.
I&#039;ve given this an honest go but I don&#039;t feel this Bc is for me.."
"I&#039;ve been on Junel for about 17 months now. As far as it working on acne, it has lessened it but it is not completely gone. My periods prior to Junel were painful, full week long n extremely heavy. Today they are light enough to use a panty liner only, shorter and cramping has been brought down to an all time low. Overall I am happy with this pill, it made some changes and left my mood, weight, and bloating/fatigue during my periods exactly the same. Hope this helps!"
"Every time I tell someone about this miracle medicine, I am hoping that they are listening to me. If you get cold sores this is ESSENTIAL. I never leave home without it. I use it in combination with L-Lysine to reduce symptoms. I am getting one right now and did not feel the tingle so I am hoping it will still work. Sometimes there is just no getting rid of a nasty tough one. I am 23 years old and when I have a cold sore I absolutely obsess over it and I try to hide my face as much as possible. I hope they someday find a CURE for this virus but in the meantime Valtrex is amazing!"
"I have been using Enbrel for almost 5 years now, but before I started on it I was almost pushed into disability because I was not able to do my job anymore, now I am about to turn 48 and I am thinking about taking up golf again, which was the first thing that I had to give up. Enbrel gave me a few more years to enjoy my life and not have to think about using a walker or worse."
"Took 2 dulcolax at 7.30 on Friday night and was fine woke up yesterday morning and had what felt like severe gas had a bm around 10.30am feeling fine continued with my day then around 4pm I was lying on my bed with severe cramps and had to run to make it to the bathroom I have the worse bout of the runs ever it was so bad it would not stop and the pain in my anus was horrendous. This is now Sunday and I&#039;m still feeling awful will never take this medication again"
"Ended up in ER after only 5 days of taking it. Nystagmus, nausea, dizziness, light sensitivity pain low blood pressure dehydration rapid heartbeat and low sodium. Still not better 5 days after."
"I have been taking Anafranil 100mg for a year now and it has changed my life. I have battled with OCD, severe anxiety, panic disorders and intrusive thoughts since I was young. While trying different drugs finally at the age of 40 one drug works for me and this is it. I still have the &quot;thoughts&quot; but instead of obsessing over them they pass by like moving cars. 
The side effects are bothersome dealing with constipation, bloating, sweating, insomnia, twitches. I don&#039;t believe I can ever function without this medication and instead maybe lower my dosage to see if it reduces the side effects."
"After 2 days of taking lisinopril (10mg), my blood pressure has gone from an average of 150/90 to 121/78.
No side effects so far but its only been two days."
"I tried Nuvigil and Provigil years ago for obstructive sleep apnea because the CPAP machine didn&#039;t work.  The trails of both medicines increased my anxiety and depression, and made me have suicidal ideations. Guess it doesn&#039;t work for everybody."
"Got a cold sore at the worst possible time.. Met a chick.. Cute chick.. Everything was perfect...really like her.. (who knows I might marry her). Anyway, after our first date I started getting a fever blister. She wanted me to come to her place the next day....Of course I couldn&#039;t do so...Checked into how to remove the blisters,  found some Abreva and paid $20.. reluctantly for a small tube. Used it for 2 days.. using it almost every 2 hours. On the 3rd day its totally gone. No Blister at all. Could have lost the lady of my dreams. Woohoo Thanks Abreva."
"I had been on Suboxone for 4.5 years for pain management (off-label use) after many years of Percocet etc., for joint pain from rheumatoid arthritis.  Moved from CA. to eastern Okla. and needed a new Dr.  Found one, suggested I look into Butrans patch since my issue was not Opiate addiction. I have been on the 10 mcg patch for two weeks and it definitely works but I have an issue. Both weeks about 3 days in, I started having sweats, restless leg at night and a stronger than normal heartbeat. I pulled the patch and 8 hrs later all is OK.  Don&#039;t like these side effects."
"After having asthma my whole life and trying EVERY treatment for it, herbal or otherwise, I thought I had found my miracle. But after a day or two, my throat started hurting and I thought I was getting sick. I am convinced it is The Breo. I would rather use my Albuterol rescue inhaler 3 to 4 times a day than feel like I can&#039;t swallow. I had an even worse experience with Symbicort. It made my breathing worse. Breo did work, so for the 1 week I used it for, no asthma attack ,no nebulizer or inhaler, so this is why I give it 7 stars. But I cannot put up with the sore throat. I don&#039;t even wanna eat."
"Narcolepsy with Cataplexy; overall very positive results for the past 10 years. Have had some severe side effects at random times, such as major cramping or very painful reaction if taken closer than 4 hours apart."
"In a desperate effort to get help for my anxiety, depression and PMDD symptoms I turned to Zoloft. I was happy with it at first as I did feel better. I was very tired however. A happy zombie really with poor concentration and memory and huge appetite. But after a few months the effects started to wear off. My Dr. Increased my dose steadily and with that my weight increased rapidly. Other side effects were uncontrollable diarrhea and TMJ. 
 I discontinued the medication and after 9 months on it was left with a 17 pound weight gain mostly in my belly and back/upper sides. The other side effects are over and I didn&#039;t have many withdrawal symptoms. After 2 months my appetite and energy are back to normal but I&#039;ve not lost a pound yet."
"Have been on Xiidra for 5 weeks and it has not worked for me. The first 4 days were tough with moderate burning ( not as bad as Restasis) and eyes were blurry for approximately 20 min. These side effects decreased with time, but there was no improvement in my eyes. I feel like this is very similar to my experience with Restasis ....I wasted a lot of time and money on something that was totally ineffective."
"I have had many back surgeries for degenerated disc disease and was put on Nucynta three days ago. My dose is 50 mg 3 times a day. It makes me feel high gives me a severe headache, diarrhea, agitation, insomnia, dizzy, confused and it only helps for an hour. I was taking methadone 5 mg two times a day three on bad days and that worked great but this doesn&#039;t."
"Due to a blod clot history in my family I can&#039;t take hormones.....thus the Mirena IUD was recommend to help deal with my heavy non stop bleeding. I had it put in 2 months ago.  The bleeding is not gushing anymore but I am still bleeding every single day, non stop. Such a drag. I still have cramps. I am moody and sore and feel like crap. I hate it! I want to take it out tomorrow but then what if the hemorrhaging comes back? Stuck between a rock and a hard place.  It all sucks."
"Both extremes of Macrobid are accurate. I&#039;ve had a lot of UTIs- to the point of having Macrobid prescribed with refills as needed. I never experienced any symptoms and this stuff was like a miracle. Took 24 hrs to kick in and felt great. I didn&#039;t get a UTI for 2 years and then just got one. I took Macrobid and it has made me feel horrible! I feel weak, have no energy, am always dizzy, have headaches, diarrhea, bad pain around my lymph nodes and always feel like I need to throw up. Fortunately I&#039;m a sahm (stay at home mom) so I&#039;m able to deal with it at home, but I had to have someone take my child to school because I couldn&#039;t get out of bed! Also it feels like it hasn&#039;t completely started working. So it can be great and horrible, even with the same person!"
"20mg was a very effective dose for treating my Hypertension however I did experience a bit of lightheadedness with the full 20mg tablet. This dose was then staggered into two separate 10mg doses per day with equally effective results that minimized side effects."
"This medication has changed my life.  After 30 years of experiencing migraine this is the first medicine that has ever been able to stop a migraine in its tracks."
"Works great for occasional migraines but will knock you out cold for at least 12-18hrs, would not recommend as first line treatment but its great if you can&#039;t take a triptan due to interaction with SSRIs ."
"This medicine is very powerful and is easily the best medicine that I&#039;ve taken for borderline personality disorder.  If you go down the list of symptoms for BPD this medicine basically takes care of all of them, with two major side effects: sleepiness and weight gain.  I have tried almost all of the SSRI&#039;s and SNRI&#039;s, Wellbutrin, Saphris and Abilify and nothing works as good or as quickly as Zyprexa."
"I got the nexplanon because I wasn&#039;t good at taking the pill and saw this as my best option. I was excited to start because I saw most reviews said no weight gain and it was the best birth control out there...WRONG. It does it&#039;s job in the birth control aspect, but 75% of that could be because I&#039;m always on my period. It has calmed down somewhat, but when it get it now it lasts 3-5 weeks. I have had small breasts my entire life and have gone up two cup sizes since then. I normally wouldn&#039;t complain but my breasts are ALWAYS very tender. I also have gained some weight and have trouble losing it. I&#039;m a vegetarian the majority of my diet is vegetables I should not have problems losing weight. I have scheduled my removal."
"I started augmentin 1gm twice/day 5 days ago (Wed. Sep. 9th) to treat inflammation in tooth root. the stomach problems started by day 4. Today (day 5) was really bad: headache, stomach pain, pain in my joints and my whole body. I also had a loose stool from day 1. I called my doctor explained the situation and he said I can stop taking it, a minimum of 4 days should suffice. So I took 9 out of a course of 14 tablets. I hope I&#039;ll get rid of my whole-body pain and stomach problems soon. So overall experience with augmentin: bad"
"I have a tumor in my spine and it cannot be repaired. I have tried everything and this is the first pain medicine that made me like me. I actually get a good result. Bad thing about it, the cost."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon since October, about 4 months. I love it! The insertion was super easy, the shot to numb my arm was the worst part. I had moderate brusing but nothing super noticable and no soreness afterwards. 
I have not gotten pregnant on nexplanon which is the main goal of getting it. I also haven&#039;t had a period since I&#039;ve had nexplanon inserted. No spotting, no bleeding, nothing.
I&#039;ve heard of long term bleeding while on nexplanon, however my gynecologist said usually that can be cleared up with a side of the birth control pill."
"I started Tri Sprintec 2 weeks ago after being off of BC for several (7) years. I was very nervous to start again because I had so many negative experiences in the past with the pill which ultimately led me to quit BC altogether. 
After 2 weeks into Tri Sprintec, I have had very mild side effects from this medication. A little nausea in the evening the first few days, some lightheaded ness, and I do notice my heart rate has increased (I am usually operating on low blood pressure anyway so its easy to notice). So far I cannot complain about this pill and it has given me no reason to consider switching at this point. Keep in mind people are more driven to write a negative review so take it as prescribed and see for yourself."
"I smoked for 30 years and took Chantix for 3 months. That was 7.5 YEARS ago! It was absolutely the best thing I have ever done for myself. I did experience some stomach discomfort and unusual dreams, but they were well worth the result! I would and do recommend this medication for anyone who wants to finally quit!"
"Combat and relieves cold symptoms quickly recommend it highly effective. "
"I started getting panic attacks about 6 years ago for no real reason, causing me to not be able to keep anything down for about 2 months.  Was put on a lot of meds before I tried Buspar.  I believe it with the addition of an SSRI antidepressant saved my life.  Back in August of this year I stopped everything and all my anxiety and panic and depression came back.  I started the Buspar again yesterday after a huge break down, slept better than I have in months, had great dreams, actually WANTED to get out of bed and today I feel better than I have since the summer! It may not work well for EVERYONE, but when it DOES work, it&#039;s amazing."
"I&#039;m 25 years old and I&#039;m taking 10mg of Norvasc and 25mg of hydrochlorothiazide and at the moment I&#039;m not liking either of the medicines. Between stuffy nose, sore throat, increased thirst, dry mouth, severely dry skin, blurred vision, it makes me feel like its worse than having high blood pressure. My side effects are symptoms of an allergic reaction so maybe someone else might have better luck than me."
"first time to take borth control pills.. today was my first pill of micronor and after taking the pill by 6 hrs .. I started to get a lot of cramps but even more that I used to get with my period.. I don t know if this will continue or no ... I will take it for few more days and if this continued i will stop."
"5mg per day works wonders. I am on 60mg per day Cymbalta which caused the erectile dysfunction. I am 38 and weigh 195lbs."
"I pay $150.00 dollars for the MaxAir inhaler (400 doses) because it is the only inhaler that works for me. One inhaler generally lasts 4 to 6 months.  I can pay $25.00 a piece for the albuterol inhalers with the new approved propellant, and I go through one every couple of weeks and they simply ARE NOT effective.  "
"I was given a starter pack of a month long supply of Strattera from my Psychiatrist. I&#039;m currently about two weeks in (starts you at 20mg and ends at 80mg) and the reason I am giving the drug this rating is due to me being unsure about how it&#039;s affected me thus far. When I first started to take it my anxiety subsided and I felt normal and back on track again. This lasted for the first week. I was even able to travel alone to be with my fianc&eacute; in Mexico. I&#039;ve never traveled much, let alone by myself. I did this with ease. Now back from my trip and having increased the dosage to I believe 60 or 80 right now, I don&#039;t feel the same. Sadly. :-( I&#039;m disheartened because I thought this was my cure all after a terrible winter."
"I have MS and one of my symptoms is severe pain with muscle spasms.  It gets so bad as to completely debilitate me where I am unable to stand, sit for long periods of time and walk up or down stairs.  This medication is life saving for me.  It has allowed me to return my functioning so that I am mobile again.  I can walk up stairs, work out for short periods of time and live a fairly functional life were I can go to the store, walk around and attend family functions."
"I started taking Cymbalta two years after my formal diagnosis of Fibromyalgia and one year after having started Lyrica. The first day I took Cymbalta I felt nauseous but otherwise okay. The next day I vomited two times per hour for the four hours straight. "
"This seems to be the only cough syrup that stops my chronic non-productive cough as it doesn&#039;t knock me out. At one time the directions were 1-2 tsps/4 hours. I found out that 2 tsps will make me drowsy and nauseous so I stick to 1 teaspoon."
"I&rsquo;m only on my second week of this pill and honestly do not like it. I have the worst nausea all day and am so tired all day long. My mood swings are crazy as well .. constantly irritated. I will change it as soon as I can."
"Initially it was beneficial in easing my chronic pain until I had a recent back operation. Now I am being brought down from a dosage of 120mg per day &amp; now down to 25mg per day. Coming off it has been particularly stressful coping with the withdrawal factor but I have recognized the withdrawal symptoms &amp; learning to cope with them on a daily basis with the help of my GP who has also become my counselor &amp; is helping me with this painful regression of dosage. It has been a period of 4 mths so far &amp; I am hopeful of being totally free of the medicine within that same time frame. Although it helped me to get through the pain until the operation, it has been a very painful process of withdrawal.  If possible, an alternative medication would be advisable"
"I first tried the shot a few years ago. I only got one shot. For the very first time it lasted three months so did my period so I stopped. I now have a son and I went back to the Depo shot and my body has seemed to work with it now .. I talked with my doctor and she said that very common and to just go through with the 2nd and 3rd shot. Now I have no period and I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill ... please give it another try"
"I love this product. It helped reduce my rosacea outbreaks ( pimples) and dry flaky skin. Metrogel cream was just aweful for me but Rosiver ( the Canadian name) has helped my skin so much. I only get an occasional outbreak here and there, which may be related to hormones and or being exposed to the elements. I do have some rosacea redness but it has gotten much better. My doctor shared with me that only laser treatment will help with the redness. I started seeing amelioration within the first 2 months of using this cream and it only got better. After a year of using this product, I see BIG improvements. I&#039;m so happy! I don&#039;t have to hide anymore and wear minimal makeup. One tube of this product will last you 3-4 months easily. Good luck!"
"I wake up with a swollen face - like I&#039;ve gone 5 rounds with the champ. Pain and fatigue kicked in and my depression flared up. I think I will stop using this product. Doctor wasn&#039;t clear with what this product contains nor was he interested in my other health concerns."
"I like the patch it really does what it was supposed to. I&#039;ve been using it for a 5 months now. I noticed I gained 10lbs &amp; I become very &quot;short tempered&quot; For a lack of a better word. I also have no sexual interest &amp; decreased sexually arousal."
"I find this medication amazing! I can sleep really well on it although I have quite epic dreams which I remember when I wake up.
Mirtazapine makes me feel peaceful and calm. I feel in control, less panicked and with the added bonus of sleep I feel my overall mental health is improving.
My appetite has increased but I have been told that it will stabilize after 12 weeks. I have no loss of sexual function and feel more in tune with myself than ever before.
 I am being observed for bipolar and mood disorders.
This medication is a godsend to me.
Only thing I can say is if you need to be up early take it 10/12 hrs before you need to get up, I take it between 7 and 8pm and get up fresh at 7am. "
"I have had episodes of Acute Sinusitis throughout many years and whenever I take this I feel better yet somewhat worse when I stop it. I does do the job with little to no side effects for me personally"
"If your stomach can tolerate this it is great for arthritis. I have taken for over 20 years. Everytime I try anything else I end up in pain."
"Stoped the pain of trigeminal neuralgia. Side effects like unsteadyness, fingers twitching, sore joints, seeing aura&#039;s, reading difficulties, speaking difficulties."
"Before taking Provigil I could barely get out of bed. I had no idea what was wrong with me. Finally a doctor did a blood test and said I had been exposed to mono which can cause chronic fatigue syndrome. Now that I am on the Provigil I have gone back to work, I clean my house again and I can actually play with my grandkids again. Since being on this medicine I have not experienced any side effects or they were so mild I didn&#039;t notice. Provigil has changed my existing into living again."
"I took plan B about a week after my period, when my partner and I had a slip up with a condom. I took it within 4 hours of the condom failing. At first I experienced cramping, light headaches, and some fatigue. After reading reviews I anticipated having some spotting about a week after taking the pill, but that never happened. I was anxious and my period was late. As advised by the packaging, after I was a week late, I took a pregnancy test and got a negative result. More time went by and I continued to get negatives. Finally, a full three weeks late, my period finally came. Plan B worked for me and is a nice option, but I advise couples to be more cautious about their birth control purely based on how stressful taking ec can be."
"I am very new at taking this drug for bipolar. I was on Lithium and stopped it due to the weight gain.
So far, it&#039;s been 2 days and I already feel good."
"Ativan 0.5mg calms me down considerably within 30 minutes, but the side effects are so bad that I can&#039;t continue to take it. I experienced EXTREME, loss of energy, tiredness, laziness, apathy, and increase in appetite.  This might be okay for someone who&#039;s at home trying to recover from panic attacks, but not for me. I work 5 days a week and this past week that I was only taking 1 x 0.5mg pill a day was the absolute worst week I&#039;ve ever had at work, living in a fog and totally wiped out of energy. I hardly got ANYTHING done which is totally out of character for me.  Also when this medicine wears off in a few hours it makes me very irritable and nervous. "
"I had really brittle nails and was tired all of the time. I went to my doctors and she did a T4 blood test and found that I had hypothyroidism and she put me on Levothyroxine and within a month my hair and nails were less brittle and more soft. I am happy to have the energy to do things as well as have my soft hair and strong and fast growing nails back!"
"Saxenda works, substantially more than I ever would have expected. I have lost 20 pounds on this medication in 3 months. I am on the 2.4 dose and that is where I have stayed, and getting these results. Side effects are minimal and worth it given the fact that I have dropped to a size 6 :) You feel full faster and are less hungry. Also, I am not as up and down with my energy. I feel more balanced. I am not diabetic but this must have something to do with my insulin levels. I have been working out for 3 years and have seen varying results, then hit a plateau. now I am finally dropping the weight and getting in shape."
"I have panic disorder....very effective."
"I was started on Brintellix (now Trintellix) in the hospital for suicidal ideation. I have struggled with it si since the 80s. When my dose was increased I had these muscle spasms over my chest. I went to the ER they could not find anything cardio. When I reduced the dose it went away. My mood did improve and I have been back to my old self. No problem since Aug, now it&#039;s Dec and I had had 3 more spells. ER again found nothing. Dr thinks It&#039;s my anxiety. I feel unheard. I don&#039;t want to give up being stable. I hate having my illness. I have to be my own advocate....
(I too had rough gastro side effects but slowly they leveled out with over the counter meds.)"
"Hi there everyone. I have suffered from BMS for almost 9 months. 2 Doctors and a naturopath could not diagnose me, but I diagnosed myself after reading many articles and posts. I also went to my GP and asked him to prescribe Clonazepam. He had never heard of it&#039;s use (for this) and I was the first ever in his surgery who complained of such a problem. 
Anyway, luckily I got in to see an Oral Surgeon only today. He confirmed I have BMS and prescribed .5mg Clonazepam to start with. It seems we who suffer have a trigger point event which has initiated stress and anxiety in our brains, causing the pathways to be blocked and not causing our nerve endings to work properly. I will check in again in a few weeks and let you know, but do see your GP"
"Heavy/hard work all my life. Have been on oxycodone since &#039;91. Not as effective now but.....wouldn&#039;t want to live without it. Never any side effects."
"It worked but with horrible pains, I am 17 year old male and took 2 at 8pm and went to bed at 10 pm I ended up waking up at approximately 2am in agony it caused me to have severe stomach pains."
"I am 78 and have experienced problems with open wounds (the usual kitchen accidents and one bang on my shin from the corner of my car door). My Doctor recommended Altabax to clean up the bacterial infections. The positive results were immediate and the sores healed within a week to ten days always showing improvement each day when the dressings were removed. Altabax was used up until a thin layer of tissue formed over the wound. I was told not to get it wet during the healing process, so waterproof coverings are essential. I was told by the physician it is better for slow healing so the wound can heal from the bottom up. Use it sparingly, a drop the size of this O will go a long way."
"I tried the Implanon after having an unexpected pregnancy on the Nuvaring. I had a little anxiety about the insertion but it really was quick and pretty painless. I have had it over a year now and for a longtime I wast having any periods at all. Now I have them few and far between, very lightly. I have no pain in the arm with only a tiny little scar. It does creep me out a little that you can see it through my skin, but honestly it is the best birth control I&#039;ve ever been on and wouldn&#039;t use anything else."
"Fantastic drug!  Works every time within half an hour.  Feel a little strange for around 30 minutes after taking it, but no other side effects.  Highly recommend it as it&#039;s the only thing that works for my migraines"
"After trying literally every single allergy medication out there (not over the counter), Nasacourt was the only medication that stopped my allergy symptoms. Great product, would definitely recommend 10/10"
"Been on IMBRIVUCA 3 weeks. Dramatic shrinkage of cervical nodes. Platelets high increased energy. Lucky Canada health care pays for this or I would be dead."
"I started taking Belviq because I gained weight after my hysterotomy. A year later I was diagnosed with heart issues. The doctors put me on so many meds. It was horrible! I noticed the heavier I got, the worse my heart got. I was never considered overweight, but any extra weight you do, makes your heart work more. I saw a commercial on tv about this new medicine and asked my doctor about it. He said &quot;I&#039;m all for it!!&quot;. I&#039;m happy to say that after 6 months, I lost 25 pounds. I&#039;m no longer on any meds and feel great!! I felt bad the first 3 days. (Headaches, tiredness) I&#039;m so glad that I stuck to it. It was the push my body needed!! I recommend this to anyone. What do you have to lose? I&#039;m so thankful to my doctor for giving me this chance!!!"
"I have been on Bontril since December 28th 2010. I am pleased to say that I have lost 7 pounds the first week and 6 pounds the second week and tomorrow will be 3 weeks and I have lost 3 this week. In total I have lost 16 pounds so far. I have experienced the dry mouth, suppressed appetite, and headaches. However, none of them bad enough to make me stop yet. When I look in the mirror I am so pleased. I started out at 171 pounds and now am at 155 pounds. Everyday I am excited to see what my scale says once I get up. I would recommend this to anyone that needs to lose weight. LOTS of WATER will make you feel full so it is very much needed. I haven&#039;t been able to exercise yet due to an injury in back."
"I have now lost 13 pounds on Belviq in one month! My start weight was 186lbs and now I am 173lbs. I continue to eat normally with no side effects. It is so much fun to be able to control my eating instead of my eating controlling me. I spent a solid year on a low carb diet and only lost 25 lbs until I quit losing and started gaining it back. I was very motivated during that year to lose weight and followed the low carb diet. I know Belviq says use with motivated clients but I can assure you I was only slightly motivated...I wanted a miracle pill. Belviq is that."
"I used the miconazole 1 combination pack the same afternoon I found I had a yeast infection from antibiotics. I was apprehensive because of all the negative reviews for monistat, but I tried it anyway. 

The relief from the cream was immediate, while the ovuale smelled funny and was a little awkward to insert. However, I experienced no buring or increased itching sensation, even though the medication warns it will increase. I started treatment on Monday afternoon and by Saturday evening the infection and remaining medication flushed out of me. 

The only reason I did not give this product a ten was the directions say to insert day or night, but I&#039;ve found the results are more immediate if I do it at night."
"I love Paragard! I had Skyla before this and Paragard has been SO much better. From the moment I got Skyla, I had nonstop cramps and bleeding. It was like I could constantly feel it even though my doctor insisted it was in the correct spot. I was scared to get Paragard b/c I thought it would be the same but it hasn&#039;t been at all! After the first few days I stopped cramping and bleeding and can no longer feel it at all. Before you get it, I would strongly recommend asking your doctor for Misoprostol to make the insertion less painful. I had it for Skyla but not Paragard and the insertion process was a lot worse."
"Positive"
"Get this injected when I have a particularly bad migraine and my hydrocodone and imitrex are not helping. Works like a charm every time. Other meds haven&#039;t helped when they get this bad. Plus it&#039;s cheap which helps when having to go to a clinic/er."
"This really did help with my allergies and asthma symptoms I sometimes experienced. I took this for 2 years and never on a daily basis, but as needed (when my allergies would act up). It took me a while to figure this out, but I have now determined that when taking this medicine, I am very lethargic the next day, depressed feeling, and extremely agitated. For a while I had just concluded I was a moody person, but after taking one, seeing how I felt, and then going off of it, I put two and two together. Literally the next day without the pill, I feel back to my old self. So though it did help for allergies, for me the pros don&#039;t outweigh the cons."
"I had the implant removed today after having it in for 1 year 5 months, as it did not agree with me at all. It wasn&#039;t sore getting it removed but constant dizzy spells and weakness. Is this OK? Doctor never said anything to me 
"
"I too take Rocaltrol, but the generic form which is Calcitriol.  I had thyroid cancer and my parathyroid was messed up during the removal of the thyroid.  Without this medication my body would go numb and I would have facial spasms.  I will have to take this medication the rest of my life, but I&#039;m thankful I can get it and insurance does pay for it."
"I&#039;ve been on the implant for two years now &amp; the first year was smooth sailing but the 2nd year I started gaining a lot of weight &amp; having uncontrollable mood swings. Also because of the weight gain it&#039;s hard to feel in my arm. I&#039;m hoping to have it removed soon."
"I was diagnosed with a mild case of diverticulitis.  I had severe abdominal pain mainly on left side, low grade fever and headache.  I was prescribed Flagyl every 6 hours for 10 days and bactrim every 12 hours for 10 days.   Ugh... 60 pills.....  I felt much better abdominal wise after 2 days but the side effects were horrible! Sour stomach and headaches..  After day 4 I decided to do some research.  I learned that you should space these meds at least an hour apart.  (helped a ton).  You should also eat a piece of bread with or have something on your stomach when you take them.  Drink as much water as you can and take prebiotics and probiotics to help your stomach stay balanced.  I was also recommended taking  a Leaky Gut Repair health supplement"
"I experienced terrible muscle cramps in my legs at night while on this pill.  I took it for 2 months, it was bad enough to decide to go back to my painful, heavy periods."
"Lowest dosage took the edge of the anxiety off. Was not dopey, and was able to function and focus."
"Hasn&#039;t caused me to gain any weight. I&#039;ve had less cramping with periods as well as lighter periods. The only negative side effect I&#039;ve noticed is I feel a bit more moody/emotional during my periods, other than that it&#039;s fantastic. Probably the best birth control method I&#039;ve used."
"Just wonderful. Having suffered from migraines for years a friend put me on to this. I now no longer suffer from migraines because I take a tablet when I feel one coming on and it prevents it. What a life-changer. Expensive, yes, but worth every penny. Now been using it for over four years."
"I was taking 12 to 20 ROXY 30mg a DAY for 5 or 6  year&#039;s. It all started when I was in a car crash and then a motorcycle wreck. I was taking it for my pain to help me and then when I tried to get of the medicines I didn&#039;t know that it was going to be this HARD. I thought just &#039;&#039;STOP&#039;&#039; and that&#039;s IT but no I was so sick and so on. My friend told me about METHADONE CLINIC and I started to go there and since then I have changed big time and I know what I&#039;m doing and so on Thank&#039;s GOD for methadone."
"Please, I urge you if you struggle with Bulimia to try Prozac. It has been LIFE CHANGING."
"I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis in Dec. 2012. I had no idea why I was becoming unable to function properly anymore from walking to simple things like holding silverware. After receiving the diagnosis, I was relieved, happy, shocked crushed and pissed off. I was familiar with MS as my grandad had it for over 50 yrs. So I knew 1st hand what COULD be my fate. I was given a list of medications and told to study them and choose which one I felt most comfortable with and I chose Copaxone. I have been taking it for about two months now and have NO adverse reactions from it. I do not feel any real difference from it but the directions say that it can take up to 6 months before it begins to make a difference. I hope it does take away the excessive fatigue. "
"I have been struggling with severe acne for the past two years.  seems like nothing I did could help me so I tried to use ucerin which is a very rich body lotion on my face this caused me to get cystic acne which was horrible I stopped using the ucerin and that went away .   I have to put benzol peroxide on my face 24 seven usually and I use xout  and moisturizer every day twice a day.  This was horrible I was depressed I hated my life and my face looked horrible overall.  My doctor prescribed me doxycycline and as soon as I started using that I saw results today is the 14th day and my face is already almost perfectly clear. This drug is amazing and I 100% recommend it cause plain and simple it works. No initial breakout from this."
"I got my first Implanon at age 25 after the pill (many versions of it) failed me miserably for years in terms of side effects. I opted for Implanon because the hormones/chemicals are so different from the pill, so I was hoping for at least different side effects. Honestly I&#039;m very happy with the Implanon and I&#039;ve had it for 5 years now. It&#039;s done its job of preventing pregnancy perfectly.

As for side effects - there are side effects to ALL medication containing hormones, there are simply no exceptions, your hormone levels influence your moods, weight, appearance, everything. There&#039;s no way around side effects. I&#039;ve had long periods and a bit of weight gain, that&#039;s it. I can deal with that better than with a baby so hey, I win."
"Whoever said the only thing worse than taking it is taking the second dose had it right. It&#039;s salty and disgusting. I mixed with lemonCrystal Lite which helped. The difficult part is chasing it with another 16oz of water. You get so full you may vomit. Once it starts working it&#039;s not bad. No cramps, no &quot;near misses&quot;. Overall a barbaric experience I hope to never repeat. Rated 10 for the effectiveness, 0 for the experience, so average rate is 5."
"I was given a short course of valium 4x 2mg a day for 5 days. I needed a slight relaxant, as I was going through opiate withdrawals through no fault of my own. It seemed to work pretty okay, but I think for panic attacks and anxiety I would say you need a minimum of 5mg, as I don&#039;t think 2mg was enough to take the edge off it. A great medicine though."
"For two years I was using Benicar.  It was working fine until I started to get allergic reaction to it.  I tried other high blood pressure medicines after that.  They did not control my high blood pressure symptoms very well.  Finally my doctor let me try Azor.  I would be stressed but the blood pressure would be normal.  Azor has been keeping my blood pressure reading normal like 110/70 for the past two years.  Unfortunately I&#039;m trying to get pregnant and now trying a different high blood pressure medicine, and the new medicine is not working so well as Azor."
"At first I was reluctant on taking this medication, but eventually I realized that I needed it. This medication helps me sleep longer, fall asleep faster, and wake up less.  Also this drug has given me very few side effects, which are insignificant.  "
"I have chronic pain from back surgery. Added this med and pain is finally under control. Thank you so much."
"I was on this medicine for over 35 days. Started with the 10 mg and did feel better, after that 7 days I was taking 20mg and just did not feel great, than 7 days later went up to 40mg and once again did not feel right.  I had more anxiety and started to feel like I was getting ill. I lost 15lbs and and no appetite. The thought of eating made me sick.  So, unfortunately for me this medication did not work. I&#039;m off the medication for 4 days now and I have my appetite back and feel like myself. I do suffer with bad anxiety daily and it does control me but I realize I have to be the one to take control of my life and work at it."
"As soon as rag weed season starts in the mid-atlantic (August 15th) I literally go down hill in my health. I constantly have post nasal drip, but during rag weed season the post nasal drip turns to a sinus infection. I have been on class 5 antibiotics for the past 3 seasons. I was thinking that the only thing left for me was to move to Florida or the Virgin Islands (no weeds I&#039;m allergic to). I decided to try Singulair. Within hours my symptoms completely stopped. I&#039;m literally in awe. I thought it would take days to notice improvement, but it was virtually instantaneous. If you have serious allergic rhinitis that does not respond to antihistamines, please give it a try. It could change your life."
"I have not had a good nights sleep for over a year. Woken up several times a night. I have been miserable due to lack of sleep. It is really starting to show on my face - deep dark under-eye circles. Yesterday, my doctor prescribed Lunesta. I slept so good last night. Only woke up twice, but went right back to sleep. I do not feel any grogginess. There is a &quot;yucky&quot; taste side effect. But, I will take yucky taste any day for a good nights sleep. I am really excited to get a good nights sleep again tonight. Hope it works the same again."
"I have COPD so when I get Bronchitis it knocks me for a loop! Because we moved, we had to find a new doctor. Low and behold I get Bronchitis. He prescribed Avelox and to say it was a God send is an understatement. I personally haven&#039;t had any side effect and on the second day there was a distinct slow down in my coughing. Now I tell everyone who believes they have an URI or Bronchitis to ask their doctor for the Avelox. I just pray I never grow immune to it!"
"I have &quot;auditioned&quot; eleven blood pressure medicines.  So far, lisinopril is the least objectionable.  For one thing, it really works.  My blood pressure is down to 117/78 at 10 a.m. This is on only 2.5 mg, which is 1/2 of the smallest tablet they make. Two months ago, before lisinopril, I went to the ER because I was at 170/104.  I do have a slight increase in head pain where I have had repeated craniotomies, but it is definitely less than any of the other medicines I&#039;ve tried.  I also retain water, have some hair loss, have lower blood sugar (not good for me because I am hypoglycemic), and somewhat wakeful sleep.  But the worst symptom is that it makes me impotent to the point of penile atrophy.  A good medicine for women."
"I used the depo injection for 10 years and loved it. After 10 years is when I experienced the side of effects.  My period went from 3 days, 5 days to constant bleeding, I didn&#039;t want any more kids so went through a procedure that took care of my issue. Overall, I was very happy with the injection."
"At first it was ok for my severe lower back pain. This was on 5mg but it only lasted the first night. Then I needed 20mg and that was ok for 16 weeks and now I pop 20mg and I feel nothing after about 30 mins!"
"I was given TopirAmate for migraines and had 8 days left of Phentermine. So I uSed them together. I can&#039;t say for sure which was more responsible but in that month I lost 25lbs. I did finish the month on Topiramate without the Phentermine and part of this month June. I picked my new Script of Phentermine and started taking it on the 27th. So it is day 3 of the combination and I have lost 28 pounds. So something is working and I have much fewer migraines as well. Insurance covers Topiramate not Phentermine."
"A 24 hour blood pressure monitored showed my average reading to be 158/95, during the course of the day my reading spiked over 200.  Within three weeks of starting Ramipril (starting on 2.5 then raised to 5mg) my readings have been 140/84, 130/80 and 144/84.  Ramipril seems to be working great, only negative is constant dull headache."
"I was waaayy overly sleepy, I can sleep 12-18 hours then wake up still having a hard time and then take a nap 1-2 hrs later. This medicine now (started at 10mg) takes about 30min to kick in but will work. After time you do grow a tolerance to it and need to up it. But im just happy im not groggy and sleepy all day and can do things with my kids and go to work."
"Gave me my life back"
"I have only used this medication for about 5 days and have seen immediate results. My feet were so dry, they were cracking. I no longer have any cracks and the peeling is much better."
"zero relief and headaches due to blood pressure and heart rate going up"
"I have been taking this birth control for two years now. I never got sick from it and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. I have been very sexually active for the past year or so. It does make me kind of not in the mood to have sex, but it works!"
"I have only been on this medication for 5 days and I haven&#039;t slept in 5 days. Going to stick with it for another 5 days and see what happens."
"I didn&#039;t even know Lyrica was prescribed as an off lable treatment for anxiety.  I was mainly taking it for my fibromyalgia and phantom pain from an amputation.  And I didn&#039;t realize until now I had full blown GAD and have probably had it since my teens.   I thought it was mostly depression.  I journal and I can see that when I have been on Lyrica I didn&#039;t reach the extreme kind of depression I&#039;ve been in.  I recently tried to quit again because it causes me to be lethargic and to not be able to lose weight.  It may have been some withdrawal symptoms, but within a week I was in grueling depression-anxiety.  The DAY I started back on my 75mg/day Lyrica I started feeling better!"
"Its the best PPI I&#039;ve tried."
"Amazing results with Afrezza and Toujeo. Truly next generation insulin therapy is here. Thanks Sanofi!!!"
"I had no problems with Suprep. I took the first dose and it worked about 1.5 hours later. The taste was not bad at all. No nausea, no cramps, just a little bit of dizziness and it made my eyes red. I was completely cleared out for my procedure."
"This is the only medicine on the market that has given me any relief.  I am so thankful."
"I wanted to share my positive experience. I first had mine inserted Aug 2013 at my University&#039;s nurse&#039;s office. The numbing shot really stung, but I didn&#039;t feel the incision or insertion at all. I had bruising on my arm for a few days. For a few weeks after my arm would ache. I have a small, barely-there scar from the incision (looks like a beauty mark/mole). I consistently had periods every other month for 3-5 days. I&#039;ve gained no weight, had no acne break outs, and have not gotten pregnant. I was using b/c pills for over a year before switching to this method. I think it&#039;s a more hassle-free method; don&#039;t have to worry about human error. I will be getting another one inserted in Aug since my 3 years is about to be up."
"This is the greatest solution to a problem that I have dealt with for years . This product has all the benefits of a steroid without the baggage of what Steroids cause . I highly recommend people trying this . It comes in a 60g tube which is the size of a tube toothpaste. Thank you Pfizer for this great product. Yes it cost me only $35.00"
"I was newly diagnosed December 2014. My CD4 count was 720 then dropped to 601 within 2 weeks. My viral load was at 37,450. I started Stribild February 19, 2015. My lab that was drawn March 13, 2015 showed my CD4 count at 840 and my viral load at 20. I have no side effects. I feel great. I&#039;m able to work 2 jobs, go to school, and raise my kids. Hope it stays this good."
"After my teen years I thought I had finally gotten my skin under control. I&#039;m in my early 20s now and Proactiv just wasn&#039;t cutting it anymore. I was developing cystic acne along my jawlines and cheeks which I have never had before. I then tried the new Proactiv   which made my skin so unbelievably dry and much, much worse. I finally decided to go to the dermatologist and got a prescription for Aczone. For my first use, I put it on right before bed and the next morning the bumps were for the most part flat. I was amazed! I&#039;ve now been using it for 10 days and it&#039;s crazy how much better my skin is. It&#039;s on it&#039;s way to being completely clear and not dry at all! This is a miracle product!"
"Well, I&#039;ve been taking it for a few days now and I am starting to experience one of the side effects. I can&#039;t sleep! In the last 24 hours I&#039;ve had maybe 2 hours of sleep. It is helping with the main problem, so I&#039;m going to keep taking it, but it would be nice to sleep."
"I have been taking Lutera for only two weeks but haven&#039;t had serious problems. I do feel a little moody sometimes and seem to wake up at 3 am just to go &quot;oh it&#039;s only 3 am&quot; and back to sleep. No weight gain or loss, nothing changed with my breasts, no acne, no spotting. I love it so far but just got switched to Aviane because of delivery issues. Very nervous about the switch but we&#039;ll see what happens. If it doesn&#039;t work I&#039;ll be back to Lutera for sure."
"The very first night I started Requip, I vomited violently all night."
"Unfortunately, it doesn&#039;t work for me. I experienced some chest pain and heaviness within the first day of taking."
"I&#039;ve had migraines since kindergarten. They have become increasingly debilitating in adulthood and sometimes I would average 15 headaches per month! My life revolved around my migraines. I tried everything to stop them. When my doctor talked to me about Topomax, I was thrilled. It took me two years to get to a dosage that managed the headaches and auras but now the only time I get a migraine, it&#039;s weather related. I use Relpax to relieve it.  Topomax has been a God send for me!"
"It worked very well, but it caused excessive drowsiness and also made me gain a lot of weight in a short period of time.  I took it for almost a year before I switched to something else."
"This is some of the worst pain of my life. DO NOT USE THIS! The inside of my vagina is itching so bad and burning. I took two showers and got a large amount of the cream out but it has only helped relieve the pain slightly. Ice pack helped but its been an hour and I feel like little people are running around my vagina wearing cleats. Took a Benadryl so hopefully that&#039;ll let me rest finally. This medicine is 10x worse than the YI symptoms!!!"
"I do love the fact that I do not have to take a pill everyday with Nuvaring but my side effects are horrible. Major rash started on my face about a month ago and now its all over my body. I only linked it to Nuvaring now. Plus I have nausea and painful cramps. "
"I took Ambien CR last night after experiencing excruciating insomnia. I slept for a full 8 hours for the first time in almost a month with no waking up.  I do feel a little drowsy and out of it today - not sure if it&#039;s a drug &quot;hangover&quot; or if it is just the fact that I finally got sleep."
"This medication is horrible. Went urgent care, the doc gave this med to treat kidney infection. Right after first dose I got a migraine and terrible stomach pains. I stopped taking after three days. Now, two days later I feel worse than I did initially. I can&#039;t see my dr for five more days. I think I&#039;ll go to ER, because I have fever and my kidneys are on fire. I read somewhere that this med is not for kidney infection. Guess I&#039;ll find out soon."
"Severe skin infection on ankle due to weed-wacking accident - infection and swelling gone in 5 days. No side effects despite having eczema, no allergic reaction so far with 3 and 1/2 days of 300mg capsules remaining."
"NEVER TAKE THIS STUFF!!  For the love of God don&#039;t. Worst cramps I&#039;ve ever had! I seriously thought I was dying. I only took one.  I can&#039;t imagine ever taking 2 let alone 3. I am serious this pill will put you in the worse pain possible! 
"
"I have had 2 injections and I received relief after the first injection.  I HATE needles but the shots are well worth the discomfort of the injections.  I will be getting my 3rd next week.  I wish I had done this earlier; it would&#039;ve saved me a lot of pain and pill taking...."
"A drug may work well for some, and not so well for others.  I am happy to report that Protopic is pretty much a miracle drug for me.  I had developed a severe case of blepharitis, or contact dermatitis, around my eyes.  They were red, itching, flaking, burning, and swollen.  I looked and felt like hell.  Within 24 hours, I was 75% better.  And a few days later, symptoms were pretty much gone.  I continued to use it for approximately 3 weeks.  Now, when a symptom starts to flare up, I apply it for only a day or so to control it."
"They have kept me clean from heroin and other opiates for 5 years in which time I earned an associates degree with a double major and was accepted to Rutgers where I will receive my bachelors degree next year. I am also a CADC or licensed drug and alcohol counselor now. No more needles, days throwing up with aching bones in bed instead of playing with my children. I&#039;m a true miracle. "
"I&#039;m not completely sure if my experience is from the pill or possible pregnancy. I&#039;ve been on sprintec to 2.5 weeks, I took a pregnancy test and that was negative. But still freaked out over the possibility due to the symptoms. Mine include: nausea, increase appetite, and definite mood swings. I did however start this bc 2 weeks after my cycle so that hasn&#039;t came on because of it. Idk"
"I&rsquo;ve been on vivitrol for 2.5 years an it saved my life! I cheated my way into it by getting the pill first and after 4 years of heroin use it sent me straight into withdrawal but in three days got my shot and on the 4th day I felt like a new man! No cravings no side effects and you can drink on it there is an additive they put in for alcoholics! I advise every opiate addict to seek help an get this shot it is life Saving!! Oh and as bad as this sounds I quit methadone to get back on dope soo my withdrawals were not at severe! It worked!"
"I have Addison&#039;s disease we had tried all conventional medications. I got this injected by the ER and told my dr that even though they gave it to me for anxiety I didn&#039;t vomit or get nauseous for 24 hrs."
"I love this birth control! I was on Lo(lo) and I gained 25 pounds in 3 months. Then I gained 20 pounds on this B.C.  But I always got my period clear skin everything is all good but I can&#039;t lose the weight! I&#039;m 5&#039;6 I used to weigh 145-150 now I&#039;m 198-200 due to this B.C. My doc is now giving me to try YAZ very scared I don&#039;t know if I rather be fat or get a blood clot."
"OMG i have never had a yeat infection before but assumed thats what i had after talking to several people. I boight this to avoid a doctors bill and feel like i am being punished for taking the easy way out. Before it was just a mild itch. After using this it feels like someone poured acid on my vagina!!!!!! It feels as though i am in the pits of hell!!! Only thing that makes it feel better is a wash cloth with ice. I will never take the easy route again. Going to my primary tomorrow to get some oral meds. I did go buy some Azo Yeast Infection Relief pills and it is starting to help a little. Seriously how is this stuff even sold?!?!? Being a girl blows"
"I have been taking Wellbutrin for 6 months. It has changed my life. I have suffered with depression my whole life (I am 41) and only finally got help after being admitted to a psychiatric facility. The first two weeks on Wellbutrin were horrible. I had severe anxiety and gastrointestinal issues. I ate broth and crackers for a week! But every single side effect was gone in about 3 weeks. I sure know it doesnt work for everyone, but it certainly has for me. I know it can be scarey to try new medication, but give it a go; it might be the one for you."
"I&#039;ve been on Trulicity for 5 or 6 weeks now. It definitely decreases my appetite. The verdict is still out on my blood sugars. I have unpredictable retching. It just occurs out of the blue almost on a daily basis. Sometimes there is a tiny bit of nausea, sometimes no nausea at all. The retching leads to vomiting about 25% of the time. I&#039;m not sure if I&#039;ll stay on it or not. It depends on if this retching gets better."
"I was on it for a little less than a year, and during that time, I didn&#039;t have a period for a total of two weeks. I was on my period for almost nine months straight! Not to mention constant acne, mood swings, and I gained almost 20lbs! I didn&#039;t get pregnant because I didn&#039;t have sex the entire time I was on it; why would anyone feel in the mood when they&#039;re bleeding, pimply, fat, and moody all the time?! I know a few girls who got pregnant on the implant, as well, and had to have it removed early due to pregnancy."
"I am having big success so far!  Have been on it 3 weeks and have lost 12 pounds. My cravings and food obsessions are gone. I feel &quot;normal&quot; again. Have had a few slight headaches but over all very pleased."
"I had a fine experience with it. No burning or anything at all. By 12 hours later I was already feeling more relief down there. The next day I felt so much better."
"So I know this is going to sound weird but , I am 28 and was put on this pill for a IVF  and what IVF mean is I cant have a baby on my own so I have to go to a DR  to help me , so anyways they put you on this pill for 15 days before starting other meds. This is day 4 of this pill and I feel like I could sleep 24/7 and I am depressed more then I would want to be, but seeing how I am going to be on this for a short time should I be worried  ?"
"I took ambien while I was in the hospital and it helped! However I have taking it for 2 nights here at home it took me 5 hours to fall asleep. Then I was up in 2 hours! Will it get better"
"Since I started taking this medicine I have lost 11 inches total and 15lbs. I noticed since starting this I have been able to keep up on daily work along w workouts. When I think I wanted something to eat my mind will think about it but then quickly change to do something else. I love this med and I love that I&#039;m getting in shape because of it. I even sleep better at night now. I no longer take blood pressure med and only half of anxiety/depression med. Even with Multiple Sclerosis I&#039;m doing great!!!!"
"Had to stop taking due to severe insomnia. Stopped taking and still did not sleep for four days. Worked great on my breathing problems,"
"I started taking Seasonale 3 months ago as my previous birth control medication was no longer effective. I take it to regulate my periods as they never regulated on their own. Everything was going well (no pain or abnormal bleeding) until this past week when I got my period while taking the week of inactive pills. I have recently suffered 48 hours of intense breast pain and swelling (way worse than &quot;tenderness&quot;) where the pain hits in waves and makes it nearly impossible to do anything. I am exhausted from being in this much pain. I have also experienced my left breast &quot;leaking&quot; for most of the day which is really uncomfortable.  My body now thinks it is pregnant which is something I should not have to deal with. Not taking this again."
"This is my second time on Lexapro. I took a 6 month break because I am not usually one for long-term medicine and it was causing me to gain weight.

However, I am too a point in my life where I feel like my GAD is just going to slowly kill me if I don&#039;t keep it under control (I am 26). Anyway, I&#039;ve never had any side-effects to this drug other than weight gain. And, I hope it&#039;s not the placebo effect, but I swear this stuff works the first day. I can feel my anxiety riddled, tense muscles loosening more and more. Give it a try! It&#039;s worth a shot to feel better!"
"I&#039;ve tried several medications and so far this one has been the best anti-depressant that prevents panic attacks. I used to have at least three a day, now I only get them in extreme circumstances like when a family member passed away. 
It used to be dangerous for me to drive since events on the road would trigger a panic attack. Life is a lot easier on Zoloft."
"Age 22. I have no doubt Nexplanon works as birth control. The only downside for me was the side effects. I got it inserted a few days after my cycle. I noticed my next cycle came a little earlier. I&#039;ve had it for about 8 months. My cycles are so close together its really difficult to tell when one has ended and a new one has started. I usually don&#039;t bleed heavy, just every now and then but it has been a constant flow. It gets really annoying always being on my period. I thought it would end soon. I&#039;m also a lot moodier and get depressed a lot. I&#039;m having it removed, its just not for me."
"Imagine being pregnant and on your period at the same time -- without bleeding -- for months. That&#039;s what this pill is like. Countless pregnancy tests bought -- because surely all of this bloating, cramping, weight gain, fatigue, EXTREMELY sore and swollen boobs means I&#039;m pregnant! Except no. This is just life now, courtesy of Camila. I ignored the negative reviews. I gave it 6 months. It&#039;s awful. And less effective than combo pills. Needless to say, I&#039;m stopping immediately."
"I haven&#039;t found anything that works on my migraine as well as Fiorinal with Codeine but constipation is a problem with too many doses, but still doesn&#039;t compare to migraine pain just take sparingly."
"i was prescribed this crap almost 18 months ago and it has nearly killed me. Bad sleep to start with,tired all the time, dizzy, hard to breath and I couldn&#039;t do anything without gasping . I stopped this 3 days ago and its a friggin miracle. I feel great I can  breath, can walk with gasping  and had a good  sleep last night. Well yes it could  be something else.  ---I have been to cardiologist --gastroenterogist-- and 3 more and they didn&#039;t see the relationship. Crap even had a angiogram after 2 STENTS that were done. Last angio said no need for stent and after that still felt terrible with symptoms above. I stopped tamsulosin and feel great. What a friggin joke medicine"
"This medicine has improved my depression dramatically. I feel calm, am able to focus and get things done, but not with the manic rush of another medicine I used to take. Hopefully will help me lose weight over time."
"I&#039;ve been on the generic version of this medication for two years now and everything is great except I&#039;ve gained over 40 lbs."
"Prescribed Ocella for POCS (polycystic Ovarian Syndrome) which can cause severe cystic acne that I had. Have been on it for 10 years. It was a miracle, acne is gone.  To prevent the mood swings and acne flare ups during the inert week each month, I had my OBGYN write prescription for 3 months straight. Now only have period &amp; mood swings 4 times/yr instead of 12.  Other pills caused anxiety attacks, I have felt most normal on this pill.  The downside is I have no libido, but I am 40 so I guess I should expect some decrease at my age anyway."
"I am 140 lb, 29 year old woman. I was prescribed 150 mg of Venlafaxine XR. I only took it for 5 days due to the horrendous side effects. I experienced dry mouth, excessive sweating, blurred vision, constipation, and increased heart rate. I wasn&#039;t on it long enough to determine its effectiveness; I wasn&#039;t willing to deal with side effects. My doctor switched me to Wellbutrin and I have not experienced any withdrawal symptoms."
"I take two 8 mcg capsules daily and it does work without any side effects except I have had some mild headaches but don&#039;t know if it is from the Amitiza or not.  It has really helped with my constipation, but I do get quite a bit of gas and have to go to the bathroom more times a day, but that is better than constipation."
"I used NuvaRing for about 18 months.  Very effective birth control, easy to use, easy to remember.  Most of the time, you forget it&#039;s there.  I did feel it during sex and sometimes my partner did as well.  Easy fix - simply remove right before he enters you and promptly replace after sex.

I&#039;m finally realizing I may have had some side effects. I was very emotional - crying a lot and feeling anxious (on edge) at times, often feeling a significant lack of energy/motivation. All this was unusual for me and now I&#039;m realizing that maybe it caused me to have some mild depression.

Also, I had perpetual discharge. I&#039;m not sure I would go so far as to call it a yeast infection because there wasn&#039;t any burning or itching...just the discharge everyday."
"My son was on risperidone at 4 years old for aggression associated with Autism. This medication has changed his life. No more aggression and very happy. He is now 8 and doing great. We did attempt to take him off to see if he still needed the medication at age 7 and all his past behaviors, hitting, kicking, swearing, crying came back immediately. With my son we could not miss a dose and has to be given at the same time each day. He is now on 3x per day 0.5 given at school by nurse for afternoons. He has had no major side effects. He is very tall and very skinny. When he first got on the medication he became overweight, we changed his diet to more fruit and protein and the weight came off quickly. Highly recommend this medication."
"Took the pill about 22 hours after our condom broke. I personally had no bad side effects. Got my period 5 days after I took the pill, much earlier than expected but a huge relief! All the horror stories I heard made me afraid to take the pill, but if it&#039;s an emergency Plan B is a very responsible and safe choice."
"I was prescribed this medication for chronic severe neck pain.  I was taking 50mg per day.  While it worked to eliminate pain, I experienced constant nausea, vomiting, light headedness, and many symptoms of serotonin syndrome since I also take celexa each day.  Seroonin syndrome is serious and dangerous and can increase the likelihood of seizures.  Also, I&#039;m taking this medication at night and it keeps me awake all night instead of allowing a good night&#039;s rest.  "
"I started off on the highest mg which is 37.5 and it has worked very well for me. In my first month I had lost 26lbs and in 6 months, I lost a total of 90lbs. I DID NOT EAT HEALTHY NOR DID I EXERCISE. I took a break from it a couple of months back because it&#039;s not safe to take it for an extended period of time due to the fact that it takes a toll on your liver. I just got back on it again yesterday. It will cause you to have DRY MOUTH, CONSTIPATION, URGES TO DRINK LOTS OF WATER, ENERGY, ABILITY TO STAY FOCUSED, INSOMNIA, FAST HEART RATE, MOOD SWINGS, NAUSEA AND EASES BODY PAIN. I have a heart murmur and panic attacks so after taking this medication, I notice it gets harder for me to breath as the day goes by."
"I was taking Ultram ER 100 mg once a day along with Lyrica with no real relief. My doctor upped my Ultram to 200 mg once a day and I feel much better. I can&#039;t believe the difference the dosage makes. Off course, being time release it does take a while to kick in, but I found I can work a longer day sometimes."
"Have been taking this medicine for the past 17 weeks with severe hyperemesis. Have been hospitalized 7 times with dehydration. This was mainly when I had the flu on top of the morning sickness. Zofran is a really great medicine, I&#039;m on 8mg three times a day. Side effects include lack of appetite and constipation. But the benefits far outweigh the risk of not having it. I am able to eat and drink what I need to keep this baby growing and although I am still not able to return to work, I am able to do day to day tasks. In Australia this isn&#039;t covered by any insurance at all and for the 8mg they are $120 for 10 tablets so at 3 a day and not being able to work it is costing us a fortune but again on the positive side the baby is healthy!"
"Have been on Livalo (2 mg.) for almost 2 months and have not noticed any side effects yet. 
Will have blood test in another month and will see if it helped lower my Cholesterol. Previously 
had taken Crestor for 2 years and it worked lowering my levels but started getting sharp pain in my bi-ceps. Felt like a needle was being driven into them. Would last about 2 to 3 seconds and then not re-occur for another couple of hours or a day. 
I&#039;m a 60 year old male who leads an active lifestyle."
"I had a herniated disc some 20 years ago and have never forgotten how effective Naproxen was at alleviating my condition. The results were astounding. Walked into a doctors surgery bent over almost double with severe sciatica. Prescribed Naproxen and took it immediately. Within 60 minutes I was walking like normal! I normally don&#039;t make comments on these kinds of thing but if it works even in a small number of people like it did me I am happy to share my experience. Try it nothing to lose no side effects I was aware of."
"I&#039;ve taken Yasmin for 3 days the second day I had calf pain in my right leg felt it a lot with walking was hoping it would go away next day but that night waking up at 5am throwing up and still feel the calf pain. I wished this worked for me cause it seemed best for my acne."
"I have been on Beyaz for about two years and never noticed any negative side effects. My cramps and period length were reduced significantly and I have loved this pill. Would definitely recommend."
"At one time I was taking as much as 5 different blood pressure medicines at a time trying to find something that would lower it from around 200/110. After a year of that I changed doctors and I was given Micardis HCT 80/12.5. That was four or five years ago and my BP is now averaging 128/74.  If there are any side effects I sure haven&#039;t noticed."
"I have a condition called gastroparesis and for three years I was in bed for 3 to 5 days a week vomiting all day.  I didn&#039;t have a life, it was slowly killing me.  My doctor give me every kind of medicine to try with no relief.  Then she give me Zofran and it was a miracle for me!  I take 8 MG and I still will occasionally be nauseated, sometimes with vomiting but as of now it&#039;s been six weeks and then it was only for a few hours.  If anyone has suffered from this it is horrible!   I realize it may not work for everyone but I was totally at the end of my rope and this saved my life!  I do have to take a laxative once in a while but I&#039;d rather do that then living the way I was!"
"Made me very sick"
"So far I&#039;m happy with the Lexapro I had the yawning, drowsy in the afternoons one night consisted of the jitters but half a 5mg valium had me soon settled, and so far only needed it the once. I still don&#039;t have much of an appetite at the moment so that&#039;s the worst of it all so far fingers crossed it stays that way. I have noticed my anxiety getting better slowly it&#039;s only been 1 week on 5mg I don&#039;t want to get my hopes up but I guess that&#039;s my anxiety way of thinking kicking in."
"Overall I used the drug for 10 months. In 3/2016 my doctor tried me on a low dose for my weight which was 40 mg and I only lasted for 3 weeks. The drug made gave me anger management issues. More alarming was by the end of the 3 weeks I was depressed - life wasn&#039;t worth it.  It took several days after I stopped it for that to go away. The drug made me very paranoid. I took myself off of it &amp; then went back on Accutane 10 mg in June &amp; worked up to 60 mg by January. I stayed on it another month on 40 mg before ending the drug. Accutane helped my acne significantly but I bled when I pooped, had trouble with BM, slept excessively, threw up constantly, was paranoid &amp; angry. Not sure it was worth it."
"Took Bactrim for 3 days. Cleared up the urinary tract infection but became very nauseous, weak, chills, sweats, no appetite and shaky. Still weak and somewhat nauseous after 3 days of not taking it. "
"My Primary Care Physician put me on Oxycontin for about a year and a half prior to having shoulder surgery. I had recently started a new job and did not have enough leave time to have the surgery. The only reason I survived and was able to work and have a half way normal life with less pain was through the use of Oxycontin. When I was finally able to have the Rotator Cuff surgery, my Surgeon said I would have to be off of Oxycontin for at least a month prior to the surgery because he could not give me anything stronger for pain after surgery and feared I would have a tolerance and that Oxy that would lessen the effect. No problem, I just stopped taking it. That was when the honeymoon was over."
"Synthroid seems to work well, but still working to get to the correct dosage.  Currently, my dose is too high and I see my doctor next week to adjust.  Feel fine, but have daily armpit and back sweat. Will be really glad when that stops as it&#039;s difficult to work at client sites when your shirt is soaked."
"I am a 35 year-old mother of two, recently divorced.  I just started dating a great guy. I&#039;m not yet taking regular birth control. The condom he used on day 17 of my cycle slipped off while inside me(it was too small or not properly shaped for him). The condom ended up getting stuck behind my cervix(weird), but I was able to retrieve it after some panic. He did not ejaculate, but does produce a good amount of precum. I was worried, even though I knew I&#039;d already ovulated. I decided to take My Way about five hours later. I got my period right on time. The side effects I experienced: cramping, fatigue (the whole two weeks), looser stools than normal, night sweats,moodiness, terrible 3 day migraine before period. It made pms 10x worse."
"This cough syrup should be advertised as a colon cleanse. Fast acting! Holy moly. Within 10 minutes the diarrhea hit me like a freight train. I didn&#039;t know I had all that in me. The diarrhea was a great distraction from my sore throat. I didn&#039;t think the diarrhea was from the Delsum at first. I put two and two together when every 12 hours I took a dose it was followed by the violent emptying of my being. I did feel immediately better after the trips to the bathroom."
"I have been on Belviq since around the end of Aug. 2014. (I&#039;m unable to do much exercising because I am disabled so I&#039;m guessing this is why my story isn&#039;t like everyone else&#039;s.) I have lost around 25lbs. give or take since I started. NOT what I wished for BUT so much MORE than I could EVER do on my own. (especially with all of my medical problems). For this, I AM VERY HAPPY with this product and can only hope it WILL continue to work as it has, or if I&#039;m lucky, even better! Either way it&#039;s been great!"
"My doctor put me on NuvaRing just shy of 3 months ago as a temporary alternative to the Assure procedure due to me needing to take birth control 3 months before the process. Previously I had not taken any hormones in over 10 yrs.  The first month was fine. NO problems and I had a lighter cycle than usual.  The 2nd month I started having crazy mood swings, and bloating.  At this stage I just saw my OB/Gyn today because I have gained so much weight and bloat. I&#039;m unable to wear my regular clothes.  I work out 4x a wk eat healthy (almost vegeterian) and my only caffeine is a daily cup of coffee. My doctor said I have gained 10 lbs and need to remove NuvaRing."
"I&#039;ve struggled with weight my whole life and I&#039;m only 22. My senior year of high school was the best I&#039;ve looked in entire life. I work out 3 times a week and eat fairly healthy. My doctor prescribed me this 1/25/17 and so far I feel great. I am 5&#039;2 and 198 as of right now. I struggle with deep depression and anxiety and I have been having really bad days. Today is the best day I&#039;ve had in a few months. I have had cotton mouth all day and felt jittery but that&#039;s okay with me since it&#039;s the most energy I&#039;ve had in a while. I will update my weight in a week!"
"I was admitted into a clinic &amp; was monitored for 3 weeks. After the 2nd day I started feeling a change &amp; after 4 weeks it&#039;s still good. Energy levels are up, thinking positively &amp; coping with society &amp; life again. Only downfall for me is trouble sleeping. Two thumbs up!"
"I contracted HSV-2 about 3 years ago. That first year was horrible. I had about one outbreak a month and each outbreak brought about not only physical, but emotional turmoil. After a year of feeling depressed, worthless and guilty, I finally had enough and took myself to get tested. Sure enough, I was right. I asked the doctor for a suppressive Valtrex prescription. I take valacyclovir and it has completely given me my life and sanity back. I&#039;ve been on the medicines for two years now and I have had one tiny outbreak that came about during a HUGELY stressful time and I had not taken the Valtrex for few days. The OB lasted 2, maybe 3 days, and never blistered or crusted. I can&#039;t say enough good things about Valtrex/Valacyclovir."
"After being out of school for 7 months with severe gastrointestinal problems, I developed extremely severe depression and horrible anxiety with worrying about turning in work and working toward graduation (I&#039;m a HS senior). Before this I had never had any mental issues. At first, I didn&#039;t want to take more mind pills; the thought of altering my mental state was a bit frightening to me. However, after being on Prozacfor 8 weeks, I feel totally changed in a good way. I can think about items of concern and work through them without starting to worry or become extremely upset. My mind is FINALLY free from a huge amount of stress. This in combination with as required Xanax for anxiety attacks has helped me tremendously. Highly recommended."
"Caused crazy contractions. Baby&#039;s heart rate plummeted and an emergency cesearean was performed. Do not use this drug, try something different!"
"Since going back to this med,  my morning tiredness is gone, as well as weakness in general.   I love it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Ambien for 3 years because of my insomnia and I have to say even with it having such strange side effects it helps me get to sleep and stay asleep."
"UPDATE! I wanted to share my experience once again. I posted on here a little while ago about how I couldn&#039;t sleep on Zoloft, only 3 hours then I would wake up every 30-45 min. So I took a brief drug holiday for 2 days and started back on it to give it another try. I literally took 6.25mg and the first few nights were fine, but then after about 4 days I started waking up super early in the morning and I could not fall back asleep. It wasn&#039;t the worst possible case scenario, but I still felt like I wasn&#039;t sleeping enough and I was still tired through out the day. So waking up early again this morning I have decided that I am done with antidepressants. I have tried 3 now, and none of them have worked."
"This works wonderful and within minutes, but gives you the worst taste in your mouth.  I tasted it within minutes after using them.  I guess it&#039;s a trade off."
"I got Mirena five years ago after having my second child. Having Mirena is forgetting about birth control for as long as you have it. No pain, problems, discomfort. Maybe slight weight gain but it could also be because I&#039;m getting older. I&#039;m about to have it replaced with another one until my husband and I decide to have our last child. Like everything, the only way to know if it is for you is to try it. I think it&#039;s worth it."
"Changed to this drug after being on mertazapine for 4 months and gaining 2 stone. At first had bad side effects of yawning and tiredness,but stuck with it and am so glad. Have no cravings or rise in hunger like i did with mert, and am generally much calmer. Suffer with anxiety /despression/ mild panic attacks.Definitely reccomend."
"Acne at 29 and now going on 2 weeks of a heavy period."
"This is my second day on the cream. Last night was the first time I inserted it, and it did itch a whole lot more than before. It made me cry! However, throughout today it didn&#039;t itch once like it did yesterday. I just put the second tube in and it only made it itch a little. So, I figured it&#039;s killing the infection.  I do recommend going to the doctor and getting the pill and cream they prescribe you, it&#039;s  a lot better than going good through all this itching. My doctor told me to get Monistat this time. If it doesn&#039;t work I will be at the doctor for that pill!!!"
"I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder about 3 years ago during a hospitalization. Was put on 600mg Seroquel and 200mg Lamictal. Switched doctors and they decided to replace my medicines with lithium. I don&#039;t know why but it made my condition 10 times worse and I got very sick.  Fever, vomiting, nausea, drowsiness, fatigue, excessive thirst and urination. Plus it makes my mood swings much worse and shortened my patience and turned my depression to rage. Gave uncontrollable twitches and body movements and shaky hands. Though I have been off it for a year. My case is probably an anomaly as it seems to work wonders for everyone else. "
"I have been on Victoza for 8 weeks.  I am a type 2 diabetic and started Victoza to help control my blood sugar levels but the weight loss that has come with taking this medication is what made me a believer.  I had all the side effects the first two weeks but it was never intolerable and an amazing weight loss of a pound a day during that time kept me taking the medicine.  The weight loss has slowed to a slow but steady rate of 1-2 pounds per week and after 8 weeks I have lost 26 pounds.  I feel better than I have felt in years!  I love this medication!"
"I had an unsuccessful ablation in 2011. I was put on Tikosyn in the hospital. A-Fib was not constant . I went inand out of A-Fib for about four years. After that time it became constant. I gained weight, was tired all the time and experience lower back pain.  Also, the cost of this drug created a financial hardship. My income did not allow me to get a discount!"
"I all of a sudden,  after years of constipation I tried everything!  My Dr. Gave me the sample pack 3/ 25mgs and its my 3rd day,I took before bed and had a normal bowl movement every day since!!!I never felt so bloated until I started taking movantik."
"I have been taking this medicine for years. I started off with the CR and that was a hot mess. I ended up doing things and not remembering how I got there. Then my doctor  put me on the plain zolpidem and that has worked out, but what a lot of people don&#039;t know is it works better on an empty stomach."
"Never had such side effects as I did when taking atorvastatin. Quality of life went out the window unable to dress myself below the waste because of very bad muscle pain and weakness in the legs unable to walk more than 100 yards.  Unable to bend down. Have now stopped taking it and quality of life is now back to normal after one week."
"This IS the only stuff that works.  My Uncle was a Dermatologist and I have tried everything that had ever come out on the market.  I was without insurance for a time and couldn&#039;t get Olux (couldn&#039;t afford it) and I had a severe outbreak.  After finally getting a prescription, it was gone within 2 weeks."
"I went without a period for 7 years and also had other fertility issues. If I didn&#039;t get prescibed this medication I wouldn&#039;t have been able to conceive.
I don&#039;t remember having side effects because I was so happy I got my cycle! 
The first time I took provera it took 2+ weeks to get my period I thought it hadn&#039;t worked but to my surprise It had!
So happy my obgyn prescribed me this."
"I have used MANY preventative and treatment therapy; migraines are in-excess of 15 days a month, up to &gt;51 days straight.

Please note: Medication will not react the same way for each person that takes it.  For me, the Botox lessens the degree of the migraine, and with the normal level of my migraines averaging 6 - 8, then 3 - 5 on an average day is actually tolerable.  However, I have heard from other people that it lessens the &quot;frequency&quot; of their migraines."
"This medicine is very good. It really is effective. The side effects are tolerable. I would strongly recommend that the directions are followed by the patient."
"Was taking 150mg of Effexor XR for an eating disorder and depression, did not help me. Had terrible night sweats, would wake up in the middle of the night with wet clothes and I have put on a lot of weight and couldn&#039;t lose weight, I&#039;ve been totally off Effexor XR for around a week or so and I will never go back on."
"Seroquel really snapped me out of a terrible manic episode. The self-injury, obsessive thoughts and sleeplessness stopped within two days of my first doses. Currently it is a regular part of my drug cocktail, at a maintenance dose of 50 mgs. It is the only drug that has truly been able to hold the mania at bay. I have had weight gain, but I will select weight gain over a living hell every single time. Seroquel makes me happy to be alive again."
"I had been using Depo for about 3 years.  I spotted for almost a year and then my period went away all together.  I had a 5lb weight gain, which isn&#039;t so bad.  I had a decreased libido.  But I think worst of all was that I had terrible acne.  I&#039;ve never had acne like this.  I&#039;ve been off the shot now for 8 months and I just got my period back (though irregular) about 2 months ago.  My acne is still there but seems to be getting a little better.  As a birth control, it was easy and it worked."
"I had tried many medications to level out my bipolar disorder and relieve my GAD and it seemed that when I would get one symptom straight one of the others would reappear. Years it took, eventually my doc decided to try something new when the depression hit and nothing seemed to be helping. So I started trileptal, which helped noticeably but I wasn&#039;t sleeping so he recommended saphris to help me sleep, I was a little apprehensive but desired to feel better so I agreed to try it. I am beyond satisfied with it. I feel better than I have been in as long as I remember. I am back in school full time and working full time without the edginess if mania. I feel like myself again. My friends and family have commented on how well I seem to be."
"Most effective opoid pain medication for me. Long story short, my spine is messed up from stem to stern: scoliosis, osteoarthritis, osteophytes, spinal stenosis etc. It all got much worse after my son was born which was when I was first put on the trial and error opoid rollercoaster. Tylenol 3 codeine quickly became ineffective, probably because I had up to this point been treating my pain with OTC medication (in Canada you can get low-dose Tylenol with codeine without a prescription) and I was put on Oxycodone (Percocet) which was an awful med: didn&#039;t last &amp; withdrawal was hellish. Next up, Fentanyl patch, moderately effective but patch delivery was unreliable. Hydrocodone (Dilaudid) at last gave me some of my life and mobility back."
"Only posting to provide a positive experience with skyla. I&#039;m 24 and had skyla inserted about 8 months ago. Insertion was definitely uncomfortable/painful (I was NOT on my period and they say that helps) but it was very quick and you&#039;ll get through it. I drove myself home and had the WORST cramps I&#039;ve ever experienced just for a day or so. Heating pads and midol were my best friends. I spotted a little bit right after it was inserted and that was it! No more spotting, and then 2 weeks later I got my period like normal. I NEVER went through the weeks and months of spotting like some other girls did. My period has been like clockwork the past 8 months, and are light and last about 4 days, with little to no cramping at all. never been happier!"
"Omg I was given  Stadol in my arm where my IV was to start. I went to ER for throwing up and throat burning and right side of my throat was closing up like swollen and on fire. They took blood, a pee test and came back with zofran in my IV and had me drink this Cocktail stuff that had lidocaine in it. Made my throat burn worse. I think they gave me WAY too much of Stadol. Weirdest feeling ever!!! Felt like I was flipping backwards, my body was being pulled  forcing my whole body and brain n eyes. Felt so panicky,  freaked out, the worst drunk feeling ever. I would NOT recommend this to anyone. 
Coming down from that scary high. Still can&#039;t stand up by myself. Do not take it. I would rather have the pain than have to take this again"
"For the first time in my life (I&#039;m 76 years old) I am migraine free!!! It has been 5 years since I started taking Topamax and I have had only one migraine. I used to have at least one migraine a week and sometimes more since I was a small child complaining about the corner of my head hurt. I would have major pain, vomiting and and have to go to bed in a dark cool room."
"I was diagnosed wit D@ and also I take Thyroxin. Since being on Metformin, I am sleeping better. More ravenous and eating more. Waking up with painful priapism which I haven&#039;t had for many a year and lots of gas. "
"I have been a severe heroin addict for the past twenty years. With the help of methadone I have 41 days clean and sober from all drugs. I have accomplished more in the last 41 days than I have in twenty years. Thank you methadone!"
"This was the worst birth control I have been on since I started 10yrs ago. I have taken Crystelle, deposit shot and this. I changed doctors and my previous prescribed camila when I was breastfeeding but after I stopped the sign effects came out of no where hard. That&#039;s when I had constant bloating, break through bleeding and mood swings. My new doctor said it wasn&#039;t a period like I thought because I would bleed on and off for days then weeks. She said it was break through bleeding. It stop pregnancy by making you feel unattractive with all the random bleeding and bloating. Switching doctors was the best decision because she gave me Crystelle again and now I am back to normal and lost some weight.  Only use if breastfeeding"
"Mostly prescribed for high blood pressure, but I use it for pedal edema. It works great and it does have two diuretics in it which makes it better than just one diuretic."
"Good drug but watch out for withdrawal.4 days in bed awful. Talk to your doc to get  low doses to taper off. This is an unpredictable drug I swear DO Not RUN OUT or you&#039;re introuble and get magnesium (nothing relaces this drug...nothing) god luck"
"I ended up in the ER with my BP over 200. I was very scared. I was put on ATENOLOL 25 once a day. So far after a week I&#039;m down to 150&#039;s - 160&#039;s but needs to go lower. How long will this take...anyone know? I also feel tired and am hoping this does not cause weight gain. Any help appreciated. Thanks!"
"I was experiencing blurred vision, fatigue, loss of appetite, lack of concentration and an increased amount of severe headaches. After being checked for everything under the sun in blood work I was told I was fine. About a month later the headaches and the memory and concentration issues came along with more asthma attacks. My neurologist sent me for MRI, MRA and EEG nothing. He then sent me for a spinal tap which revealed I had pressure in my head double the normal.  This happened on Wednesday April 21st, 2010 (last week). I received a phone call from my neurologist who said I needed to start taking the medication immediately. I have had no appetite, consistent nausea, and I throw up on a regular basis. So I deal with it or have a shunt."
"Terrible experience. My doctor said the 1 dose is so powerful it can give you chemical burn. It wrecked my vacation and it has been 8 days and it still burns. Dr even gave me pain meds.  Do NOT use this. Only use the 3 to 7 days pack.  I can&#039;t believe this is on the market."
"This may help for a couple hours at most but then I&#039;m right back to coughing that gut wrenching cough again. I was hesitant to try this over the codeine cough syrup in the first place but was assured it was highly effective. I was up all night again coughing. I&#039;m so sick and so upset."
"I started taking Alprazolam when I noticed I was having mild anxiety attacks from working in an extremely stressful environment for 4.5 years. Bad bosses (I&#039;m talking racist, yelling, cussing...in an office full of women). I went to my doctor and told him everything and he agreed that a prescription of .5mg would be enough for me.
Eventually started having full on panic attacks and thought I was going crazy when I had one. I quit my job to go back to college and I still take alprazolam when I get a little overly stressed or can&#039;t come back down from a panic attack after breathing exercises. Unfortunately I don&#039;t know if these panic attacks will ever go away completely.
Alprazolam has been a lifesaver for me and I will continue to take it."
"I had the WORST  experience with this BC.  I started to take it after i had my daughter i  thought this is great  a period every 4 months!  NEGATIVE this was horrible.  When i did get my period i was in a lot of pain. I had mood swings, depression, gained about 40 pounds, and had constant discharge.  i wouldn&#039;t recommend this to my worst enemy"
"I have been taking 800mg of Votrient daily since March, 2012 to treat Renal Cell Carcinoma tumors which developed when the cancer spread from a large tumor on my right kidney. Votrient has been effective in stopping the growth of the tumors and shrinking a few.  Side effects experienced: treatable elevated blood pressure and diarrhea."
"Was diagnosed with pneumonia low grade fever my doctor told me to take this medication for the pneumonia so I took it in the morning after I ate some toast and oatmeal went home went to  the bathroom 7:30 and I almost passed out I was so light headed and dizzy it was unreal I managed to get out of the tub  sit down for a little while and then I started feeling a little bit better but then I 
 I lay down and as I&#039;m laying on my back and I feel a little bit dizzy I&#039;m not feeling well and I can&#039;t sleep almost feel like since I&#039;ve been on this medicine I&#039;m worse before I didn&#039;t  feel as bad"
"I&#039;ve been using this for 5 years now, no side effects."
"Suprep worked really well except the taste was terrible. Unless you like the taste of cherry flavor medicine, the taste won&#039;t be a pleasant experience. Drinking with a straw helped and cutting the taste with either ginger ale or Gatorade made it somewhat manageable. 

I started the liquid only diet a full 24 hours before I had to drink the first bottle. There was no cramping and it worked suprisingly quickly. I got the chills for a little but they subsided as I continued to drink water. 

Tips: low fiber diet 3 days before, liquid diet full 24 hours before first bottle drank, put in freezer for a bit, use a straw, take your time drinking it."
"It worked great after a procedure, with very little side effects. I was given 2mg as an I.V. dose. I would recommend after and/or before surgery, for any pain ranging from moderately severe to very severe. If Morphine gives you nausea ask for Dilaudid!"
"Hi , I&#039;m having the same as another person.I&#039;m on 400mg twice a day. In sooo much pain..I asked my Dr&#039;s nurse what to do, she said my body needs to get used to the PAIN!!! I need to talk to my doctor, he&#039;s out of the country. I&#039;m not getting it, this much pain and still can&#039;t breathe right? I guess I will have to stay at this level NO WAY I&#039;M MOVING UP!!!"
"Love Dramamine. Don&#039;t go anywhere without it. Helps with travel anxiety too. But makes you very tired."
"Maxalt MLT tablets do wonders for my migraines.  It takes away the migraine very quickly, much quicker than Excedrin or Bayer, and sometimes they take multiple doses to work, if they do at all.  The only negative is that when I take one, my neck and upper shoulder muscles tighten up--severely.  This doesn&#039;t always happen, but it usually does to some degree.  Today the migraine went away in perhaps 30 minutes, but the muscle tightness lasted for 1-2 hours, and this time it was so painful I wanted to cry.  Still, it&#039;s worth it to get rid of the migraine quickly and before it can get too severe.  Another thing: my neurologist gave me the tip of swallowing it to get it into your system in the fastest way possible; it&#039;s faster than by mouth."
"I have been taking ultram for 5 years now. I take it to help with the chronic pain caused by fibromyalgia. It is the only drug that I have taken that allows me to perform tasks without experiencing extremely intrusive pain. I am 27 years old and without this medication I do not believe I could have reached the goals that I have today."
"I have R.A and I was skeptical at first but I was in so much pain in my wrist and hand I wanted to scream. Well I took a 250 mg Aleve and it took 2 hours to kick in but I must say thank goodness for Aleve. I still feel a small amount of discomfort but its nothing that will interfere with my day, I recommend this. Normally I take Tylenol but I think I like Aleve better. My first time taking it. Put it this way it won&#039;t hurt to try and I&#039;m glad I did."
"Possibly the best medication I have ever been given. Miracle for my father too. I take 187.5mg and notice the difference with the last 37.5mg capsule that got added. Only downside is that missing a dose is extremely sickening for an entire day, so it is good to carry a dose or two in my purse so I can take it around the same time daily."
"Just to counter all the fear here. On day 8, Zero side effects other than feeling that my gi function is actually feeling better.  Pain to take all the pills , omeprazole morning and night before meals, others four times a day after meals containing mostly carbs.  And Florastor twice a day, only pro biotic not killed by treatment.  Thought perhaps mostly people with bad experiences post, thought some light could be helpful ."
"I got put on Klonopin 2mg 2x daily and Cymbalta 30mg 1x daily for Anxiety, Depression, Nerve pain, Muscle cramps, and chronic lower back pain. At first the Klonopin helped tremendously with all those symptoms. After 4 to 6 weeks of using Cymbalta, it finally released its magic. By far the best anti depressant I&#039;ve tried. Compared to Zoloft, Wellbutrin, and Lexapro.. Cymbalta by far worked the best. I finally am stable, anxiety, pain, and depression free. Klonopin and Cymbalta is one hell of a great cocktail. But I must admit Cymbalta is a VERY expensive med, they run from 6 to 12 $ a pill at most pharmacies."
"I was on deep depression. Effexor was not working any more and was having deep suicidal thought. Then my doctor added Latuda 40 mg. Miracle! No more suicidal thought and my bipolar depression ceased by 80%. The only problem is make me sleep when I take in the morning and make me awake when I take it at supper. Taking it at lunch causes a little less sleepiness. Another feature is that it control my severe anxiety."
"I started on triumeq august 1,2016....on the second day I had a bad headache &amp; a terrible stomach ache( both were relieved by motrin &amp; fresh ginger tea). Now, I must admit I feel better than I&#039;ve felt in months!!   :-)  . Even tho a side effect of the med is loss of appetite, lately I&#039;ve been ravenous..eating more than I ever have, which is wonderful for me because I had loss a lot of weight lately &amp; it showed..."
"I have been taking Levora for about 6 months. I have realized lately that I am very unhappy with it. I have a very decreased sex drive. I never am interested in being intimate. I also have alot of cramping on my period, which I thought birth control was supposed to decrease. I&#039;m thinking about switching over to Ortho Tri Cyclen. I was wondering what other people have experienced with that one? all the reviews seem very positive..."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for a few months. It&#039;s been great. Regulated my period, made it lighter and shorter, reduced cramping and pms symptoms. Occasionally during month one I had some headaches. Otherwise no side effects."
"I started taking 5mg escitalopram about 2 1/2years ago for pain which was also causing me some very mild but noticeable emotional feelings. After a month it was increased to 10mg which I kept taking for the next 10 months. Because I was feeling much better I decided to stop taking it. I noticed my pain levels were rising again and I was becoming (very mildly) emotionally sensitive. 3 or 4 months later I started on 10mg, 15mg and after two months 20mg. I have felt the best on 10mg I&#039;m feeling so much better again but did feel the best on 10mg. After talking with a professional family member who knows this medication &amp; with my doctor I have decided to continue long-term on 10mg along with common sense use of pain management. Hopes this helps"
"I was on Avonex for the first 7 years after being diagnosed. I would lose 1-2 days of every wk feeling lousy with flu symptoms. Had to switch to Copaxone (only non-interferon) after liver tests began showing Avonex was causing problems. Been on Copaxone for 4 years now and have not had any new exacerbations since I&#039;ve been on it. Now I wish I hadn&#039;t let my fear of needles eliminate Copaxone from my list of treatment choices in the beginning. Now, giving myself the injection daily is no big deal."
"I had a copper IUD for 5 years and loved it. Yes, my periods became heavier and lasted longer (from av 3 days to approx 7), but they were spot on time every month. Intercourse was great and simpe. I then had my coil changed at the age of 25, replaced with another copper IUD. My second one caused me nothing but trouble...periods for 10 days with spotting / random days in between; stomach cramps all the way through the month; sex was painful for both my partner and I, and I&#039;d coil up in agony afterwards and would bleed pretty much every time. I&#039;ve just had it removed, after 1 and a half years, and will have to settle for condoms as I cannot have any form of contraception with hormones. That&#039;s life, but I already feel loads better..."
"Few years ago started with Trulicity, then insurance made me switch to Tanzeum and now had to switch to Bydureon. Couple of issues. The corkscrew on my second box. When I twist the green I hear the click and the medicine window only has part of the liquid the base has pushed out some of the medicine into the cap. I take off the needle cap and there is liquid in the cap, at 125 a pen. So, either I have a bad box of 4 or there is defect on these, did not happen on box 1 but on box 2 the first 2 pens had this. First and second day side effects for me are horrendous, nausea and just feel awful. Never had these issues with prep or side effects with either Trulicity or Tanzeum. But its all up to insurance companies at the end, they decide what is best for you."
"I&#039;m a 42 year old male with cystic fibrosis. Survived until 38 with no medication but constant diarrhea. Could not tolerate fatty foods or alcohol - made me very nauseous and big weight swings. Creon has stopped all this completely and life is much happier and healthier. The little Creon carry pack makes taking creon 25,000 with meal easy. Very happy."
"I&#039;ve had no negative side effects. Been on it for two months. No acne, I lost weight and my sex drive shot through the roof!! No pregnancies. Only thing is my periods are a bit heavier and more cramps. But it only lasts four days."
"when I tried this drugs for first time I got so emotional that brought tears in my eyes I  couldn&#039;t believe that anything or any drugs could make this severe anxiety that I have could just simply disappear. I am normally a confident person in mind but no matter how I tried my body don&#039;t respond when ever I am speaking in front of people or meeting new person my hands start shaking  dramatically, that I will be out of control  my heart start pumping like crazy. This drug lately save my career. It is like magic I took 40mg everyday in the morning and I am now more confident than ever give it a try it will save you like it save me of course tell your doctor first"
"This drug is a god send I suffered from bipolar since I was 17 im now 21 I have mixed episode that last for 6 month or more. I tried evey single medicine and I mean every thing antidepressant make me worse I have panic attack, fears ,alot of tears, a lot of depression, obsessive songs in my head lol and nothing seems to work like this one. I left all other drugs (not cold turkey ) , and started it and within 2 weeks I got normal - no panic, no depression and of course no hypomanic no side effect at all , this drug saved I&#039;m more stable focused try it if you are bipolar 2 its a game changer"
"I have experienced moderately severe depression for my entire adult life, and have taken a variety of SSRIs and SNRIs on and off for 20 years, as well as a few drugs in trial stages and not yet on the market. None of them did a whole lot for me, though Brintellix actually did improve my mood, sleep patterns, appetite and social functioning. I hesitate to call anything a wonder drug, and I fully acknowledge that there are a ton of factors in play and everyone responds differently, but Brintellix is far and away the best antidepressant for me, and the only one that works as desired. To top it off, it does not produce any noticeable side effects, for me. Now if it were only off patent or better covered by my insurance, I&#039;d be happy!"
"Taking a multivitamin, probiotic pill, garlic pill, and making sure to still eat greens , low sugar and drinking lots of water  when taking this pill or any birth control pill for that matter is essential to help keep all the nasty side effects away or at bay for some. "
"I&#039;ve been on Atripla for about 2 and half years my viral load and cd4 are looking good. But I have had the most terrible time with bowel movements since I started I have severe constipation. I have mucus build up like crazy in my nose. I&#039;m always sniffing or coughing. And I still suffer from dizziness and light headiness throughout the day. I&#039;m going to talk to my doctor soon about changing this medication because using an enema every morning is a drag. Other then that the medicine has been good."
"Had Herceptin along with Perjeta, Carboplatin &amp; Taxotere for 6 months. HER+ hormone negative stage 3a cancer was believed to have completely resolved from biopsy results after 6 months chemo was over &amp; double mastectomy and 6 lymph glands removed. Currently continuing Herceptin infusions without chemo every 3 weeks &amp; undergoing 6 weeks of radiation to prevent recurrence. Hard to tell what symptoms were from which drug during chemo and now with radiation , but now I have dizziness, occasional shortness of breath and fatigue. Have also experienced nausea, but not with every treatment. I believe this drug saved my life for now &amp; I am grateful. Doctors say my prognosis would&#039;ve been much worse without this drug."
"My doctor Currently has me on Opana ER 5mg every 12 hours and let me tell you it&#039;s a God send. I was taking 4 or 7 Norco 10mg a day every 4 hours because I was always in so much pain now since my doctor switched me from Norco to Opana ER the results have been amazing I no longer have pain constantly and whenever I walk a long way I still sometimes have pain but on a scale of 1-10 the pain is only a 2. I&#039;m so thankful for this medicine because now I&#039;m no longer in pain and another good thing about this medication is I don&#039;t have any side effects nor do I get that fuzzy feeling that other opioids give you . I highly recommend anyone who has chronic severe lower back pain to talk with your doctor about switching to Opana ER."
"This is an easy to apply cream that turns into a dry powder and stays right where you put it!  It is an excellent drying antifungal treatment.

"
"I was having severe bleeding with large clots which lasted for 3 weeks. Finally saw the Doctor and he gave me 10mg for 10 days. This is day 9. I stopped bleeding 2 days ago. I love this medicine, really. I&#039;m hungry more often, but that&#039;s okay. Unsure what will happen when I stop taking it."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about a year now. I&#039;m 18 years old and this was the first birth control I&#039;ve ever been on. At first I thought it was great no problems at all my periods were only 4 days. Everything was good. I&#039;d say about the third month I started getting all these symptoms. I&#039;ll wake up with extreme nausea and have to throw up I had sharp pains in my stomach. I get very emotional and want to cry all the time for no reason I do have mood swings mostly when I&#039;m about to start my period which is pretty normal. But just recently like the last few months I&#039;ve been feeling very depressed and sad for no reason. Everyone&#039;s body is different and this is just what happened to me, just wanted to share."
"I had my Skyla inserted a month ago. The insertion process was a little painful, but having had a child before, wasn&#039;t unbearable. There was cramping for a few days, and I had been due for my cycle the week after. Instead of starting my cycle, I cramped for 4-5 days and THEN started. It was light in volume, but lasted for almost 10 days. It was odd to say the least, but not as bad as I had been told it would be.
I have really enjoyed the lighter hormone load: I had previously used the pill, which made me gain a bit of weight and also lowered my libido to non-existent (I guess the birth control was two-fold in that respect). This, so far, has been much better."
"This medication after usuing it for a month plus has ended me up in the emergency room for severe chest pains, dizziness, high blood pressure, occasional, diarrhea, Tightness in the chest , cramps and muscle aches. "
"Mucinex is great and it works well but whatever you do, DO NOT take it on an empty stomach. I did this morning and as the day went by I kept feeling worse and worse. When I finally got the chance to eat something, my stomach was so upset that it just came right back up. Again, its a great medication but eat something before taking it."
"About 2 years ago I started experiencing the worst panic attacks of my life. I thought I was having a pulmonary embolism &amp; went to the emergency room twice. After blood work, ECGs, heart monitors and chest X-rays I finally accepted I was suffering from anxiety. I went to see my Dr &amp; I&#039;ve been on Zoloft 50mg for approximately 10 months. The first 3 months on zoloft honestly were the worst months of my life. My anxiety was 10 times worst, I was experiencing horrible insomnia, dry mouth and a permanent yawn. The side effects have subsided and I&#039;m so thankful to be anxiety free even though it took almost 4 months. I would definitely recommend Zoloft and tell everyone to just stick out the first few months! Good luck! You are not alone :)"
"I used to use Adapalene only which was very slow acting, up to 4 weeks to see results. After doing some research, I told my Doctor to give me Epiduo. 
Within a day, redness and pimples had reduced dramatically. 
I go through periods where I don&#039;t use the gel due to laziness and my acne comes back again. However as soon as I use it again, my skin is clear within a matter of days. 
I&#039;m not sure about how well Epiduo is for a long term acne solution but I know if you want immediate affects then use this product."
"The only problems I had were frequent trips to the restroom but my blood pressure is under control and I&#039;ve never experienced any of the things people are complaining about. I would say try it and if you don&#039;t like it or react badly try one of the many other options."
"I have been fighting migraines for 50 years.  I asked my doctor for this and it stops my headaches within 15 to 20 minutes.  The bad thing is that my insurance will not cover this drug.  They said it costs $180.00 for 9 pills."
"First day using Testim. Insurance made me change from andrgel pump bottle. The smell in testim is so strong and noxious i had an allergic asthmatic reaction. I&#039;m wheezy and have a massive headache from it. Why does anything medical need to be made with a scent?  Lots of people have scent allergies."
"I read through some of the reviews here and wow, what doctors are you seeing that prescribe 10 mgs, 3 times a day?! Of course you have side effects lol. That&#039;s jumping off the deep end. You always start low and ramp up. Make sure you google medications before just taking them. Doctors can be wrong and are wrong lots of times. 

My doctor told me 5mg to 10mg a day only at night. I&#039;m on my first day after taking 10 mg last night and feel pretty groggy but I only slept 7 hours (more than I usually get). I took a 5 mg pill at about 10:20 pm last night and was laying down for an hour before I took another 5 mg pill at 11:20 pm. It was about 12:20 am when I last looked at the time. I did wake up with a headache that went away after an hour though"
"I have cervical stenosis, bulging discs, and neuro issues resulting from them, I have been on Fentanyl patches, Oxycodone, and huge doses of Morphone ER wtih IR for break through. I thought my pain would never end and it was not only debilitating, but depressing to the point of, although not suicide, definitely not wanting to get up in the morning and wishing I could just die.  When I moved and got a new Pain Management doctor, he questioned many of my old doc&#039;s decisions, but above all he changed me onto Opana 30mg ER twice daily with 30mg IR Morphine for breakthrough 3x day.  I feel more alive than I have felt in at least seven years.  I am awake, I am alert, and I am functional, which is more than I had come to expect.  Zero side effects"
"I have been on the patch for about 6 months. It has really helped alot. I have not been able to take any oral medcations because they make me very nauseas(?) I can&#039;t wait til a higher dose is approved in the US.    Carole"
"Lyrica has been a wonderful medication for controlling my anxiety. I&#039;ve suffered from panic attacks since I was 6 years old. I&#039;ve tried 3 different SSRI&#039;s, Seroquel, Trazodone, Klonopin and Xanax (both which I got addicted too). Lyrica has been even more effective than benzo&#039;s in my experience, because benzo&#039;s made me apathetic to life, I really didn&#039;t care about anything. But with Lyrica I feel happy, relaxed and like a &#039;normal person&#039;. I&#039;m able to reach out and make new friends much easier, and going out in public is so much easier for me to do! It&#039;s been a miracle for me! I&#039;m currently on 450mg Lyrica (300mg AM 150mg PM)  and 60mg of Cymbalta."
"At the age of 30, I still dealt with breakouts. After trying all sorts of over the counter products that just hurt me I went to the doctor. We took the steps of prescription washes and antibiotics. Still had breakouts. So decided to try Accutane. I&#039;m currently starting my 5th month, and I haven&#039;t had a breakout or a single pimple in over 3 months. My side effects were dry peeling lips ( nothing Carmex can&#039;t fix), dry eyes, very sensitive skin (though working in a hospital doesn&#039;t help) so far I am so satisfied with this medicine. Yes, it is a hassle to get but worth it."
"The stuff helps a bit. I started on 150mg which helps a bit. Then the doctor wanted to put me on the maximum dosage of 300mg per day which made me very nauseous - so I went back to the 150mg per day that (helps like 1 aspirin on a bad head ache). He as since prescribed 20mg (5mg 4 times per day) of Methadone that has totally stopped the pain for the most part. Every once in a while I get a bit of break through pain, but nothing like before. It has been a life saver regardless of the negative association attached to the name."
"I&#039;ve had appetite loss, I would take a couple of bites and I appear to be full .I also walk two miles everyday after work, have not weighed in, because it&#039;s only been a week."
"I have been on many medications over the past 10 years. I have tried (unsuccessfully) nearly all of them.
This medication, in particular, has literally saved my life!
It stabilizes my mood like ni other!"
"This medicine worked so well on my friend, but for me I start coughing like crazy for a whole week before I did find it was Lisinopril that makes me cough. I changed the medicine to Amlodipine and it was a nightmare. I just come back from the doctors office he changed me to Cozaar. I hope this medicine will work for me."
"Seasonique made my face break out, I had a lot of spotting and abdominal cramps. I was prescribed Seasonique to regulate my periods, and it did the exact OPPOSITE! Since day one of starting this product I have had to wear a pad because of the spotting."
"Great help."
"I love the Combivent Respimat. I&#039;ll admit it was a little different at first but once the pharmacist instructed me I was fine. I even like it better now than the old one."
"I started at the 12.5mcg/hr but had to increase to 25mcg/hr. I was amazed at how well they worked, the pain was almost gone 80-90% of the time. I have found that already the pain is creeping back, I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s because I need a stronger patch or because they fall off so easily. I have even tried heating it with my blow dryer to get it hot enough to stick again, it worked only once. I&#039;m going to have my Dr read your comments, he doesn&#039;t believe that they don&#039;t stick the full 3 days. I have to go the 3rd day without a patch so it coincides with my scripts. What do you do when you swim in the summer, take it off while in the pool? Thank all of you for your reviews, I appreciate them. "
"Terrible experience w/ 150 mg dose: hot/flushed red face, swollen tongue/mouth, strong metallic taste, incredible weakness, yellow skin, &amp; just feel terrible. Then I cut the dosage to 100 mg &amp; was fine. Splitting a 150 mg pill into 2 doses taken 2 days apart caused same terrible side effects as before. 50 mg dose was simply ineffective. I saw a review from a woman who was given 1,000 mg over 2 days (that&#039;s way too much!) &amp; ended up with way worse side effects including vomiting. If you have side effects, I encourage you to scale back &amp; find the right dose: you will be glad you did! It is much more effective &amp; convenient than the creams and suppositories, zero burning &amp; zero mess!"
"I have been taking 600mg Aptiom for 3 months and I cannot function!! Dizzy, nervous and unable to consistently function.  I am tired and never want to go anywhere. Now I&#039;m starting Keppra and Aptiom low doses and will see how that works.  I&#039;m miserable.... Unhappy....and NOT MYSELF!  Will keep you posted
...11/1/2016 (in the hospital)"
"Enjoying the idea of the Mirena more than having it at the moment. Got it inserted on 10th September 2014 the day that my period finished and have had a heavy period ever since. It&#039;s great to not take a pill every day and sex isn&#039;t painful as I worried, although there isn&#039;t any need to worry because the bleeding is preventing that from happening. I just really hope it settles down and that the bleeding stops. Very jealous of everyone who only had a day or two of spotting."
"I was given Neurontin by my orthopedic surgeon for nerve pain in my back before having a hip replacement. It dawned on me after a week or so, I had no fibromyalgia pain. After going over what I had been doing differently, I figured out it was the Neurontin. I goggled it and found that the University if Cincinnati had tested it yielding positive results in treating fibromyalgia pain symptoms. My Dr has decided to continue the medicine as long as I am getting relief from the pain. I do have to say that the fibro fog is still a bit of an issue and I find my short term memory is a bit glitchy. But, hey that what iPhones are for, right? Being pain free is worth the trade off. My brain us slowly acclimating. It&#039;s great to live and not just cope."
"Can I just say that this is the worst mistake that I have ever made? I got the skyla put in on Monday (4 days ago). Since then, I&#039;ve been constantly throwing up, completely lost my appetite, and the cramps are so unbearable that I&#039;ve called out of work twice. Along with the cramps comes the lower back pain so it makes it nearly impossible to ever get comfortable. I&#039;d never recommend this to anyone and I&#039;m already considering getting this stupid thing taken out."
"I have been on this medicine for 7 years. It works well for my thyroid but it does nothing for my weight at all. I&#039;ve tried dieting and exercising but it won&#039;t even burn 1 lb."
"I completed a course of Clarithromyxin/Amoxicillin/Omeperazole last night, from day two of this seven day course, I have been getting this metallic taste in my mouth.  Has anyone experienced the same and when will it go away?"
"It did not do anything for me! Awful product!"
"I started taking Keppra 500MG twice a day 2 weeks ago after being hospitalized for a tonic-clonic seizure lasting about a half hour. Since I started taking the 500MG, I used to fall asleep for more than 8 hours at a time. I&#039;ve gotten a few headaches, but nothing as serious as the ones I used to get before. My reaction/talking/thinking time was definitely slowed down, but its improved a lot. The first week I used to sleep the whole night through, now its reversed where I can&#039;t stay asleep all night. I noticed my mood has changed and mostly for the worse (angry all the time). Really frustrating to adjust to but hoping for the best. Seizure-free so far!"
"I have been using Zovia for 2 months and I have really off periods so it&#039;s been able to keep my periods on track. Not too many side affects maybe a little nausea but other than that I like it. As long as you take it on time you are fine."
"Somewhat hit or miss on mania, racing thoughts and the like. Pretty effective as a sleep aid though.  Currently taking 300mg as needed as it was mainly prescribed for sleep. It is as effective as benzodiazepines in that regard, without the benzo withdrawal. It does leave me feeling gritty and nasty the next morning though, but it&#039;s better than insomnia."
"DO NOT TAKE A CHANCE WITH THIS PRODUCT!! I got a yeast infection after a round of antibiotics. I had only mild symptoms for about 4 days before I decided to treat. The only reason I treated was because I am about to be super busy at work and wanted to feel my best. I  chose the 1 day treatment because why treat for 7 days what you can treat in 1? Big mistake. I inserted the ovule, no problem. As soon as I put in the &quot;itch relief&quot; cream, the itching and irritation increased 1000%! I feel so much worse then I did before this treatment. It&#039;s ironic that the treatment I used so I could be my best at work will probably make me actually miss a day at work. The discomfort is almost unbearable."
"I&#039;ve been taking Citalopram for a long time and I noticed that when I first started to tale it I get shakes like a hypoglycemia attack and loss of appitite but both stopped within a few days. I have also developed a tremor in my left hand(common side effect in SSRI meds) but it doesn&#039;t really cause problems. I find it so effective because when I was weaned off it my anxiety slowly got worse until I have an anxiety attack almost everyweek, but the week I was put back on it I was overall less stressed and anxious and could let things roll off instead of bothering me."
"Been on Brisdelle for ten days.  I was having eight to ten hot flashes a day and I was up all night long with them as well.  Over the last ten days they have tapered off, with yesterday and today being completely hot flash free!   My anxiety is also almost completely gone.  I had bouts of nausea in the beginning that came in waves and even woke me up at night, but that seems to have disappeared completely.  I hope this continues!  I&#039;m very happy with this medication."
"All night long one night my legs kept jumping up in the air till I couldn&#039;t sleep at keeping my husband up. So I got on Requip 0.25mg take 2 at bed time and I slept all night long, without jumping legs and if I had them I didn&#039;t know of them. So far as sleep it helps me also. This is the best thing for me and my legs."
"I started taking Linzess 145 in January 2017. It worked great for a couple of weeks and the suddenly stopped working. I had to resort to Milk of Mag. I gave it another try and it worked on and off.  I gave it one more try and all I have is horrible gas and cramps even after bowel movement. Seems like my life revolved around this med.  I have appointment with my PCP next week and will discuss with her. I am currently not taking any medication but still feel effects from it after 5 days of not taking it."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been on this drug for a year now. At first I had some hair loss, and my (time of the month) was unbearable but now it&#039;s all okay and this medicine helps with weight loss."
"I&#039;ve been on contrave for 2 weeks.  My side effets are nausea, weird dreams, but not sure if I&#039;ll continue."
"I have been using Acanya for only a short time. Less than a week and I see a huge difference in my skin.  My doctor told me that it wouldn&#039;t be perfect but I can live with that.  My pores have decreased and I have not developed a new pimple since beginning treatment"
"I have been on Trulicity for 3 weeks and I love it. My blood fasting readings have dropped from an average of 205 to an average of 147. With my Tufts insurance, 4 pens had a co-pay of $30.I have had no side effects at all."
"I got the implant inserted in February 2016 and have been bleeding ever since. The bleeding is light but very annoying and is interfering with my relationship. Although the negative side effects, the implant has worked"
"I got my liletta inserted in October 2016. I went for my first month follow-up in mid-November and it was coming out a bit. My obgyn replaced it and told me to come back in another month to check it again. Today, while at the gym, it completely came out! Not sure if my body rejected it or what. The duration of my having the liletta, I gained weight and kept it on, super difficult to lose it! Not to mention the acne and cramping. I think I&#039;ll stick to tri sprintec. Good luck, ladies."
"This birth control sucks!! I started taking these pills 10/17 and 11/17 started my period and haven&rsquo;t even started the period pills and my period is still on!! The doctor told me I can skip my period pills for the month and start a new pack. Started period on 11/20/17 and as of today my period is still on.  And my appetite has picked up, which I don&rsquo;t like so I&rsquo;m just going to stop taking them and use condoms for protection!!"
"I took this medicine for constipation relief. It said it would take 6-12 hours to work, but 2 hours after I took it I was in the worst pain of my life, curled in a ball on my bed praying for it to end. After about 30 minutes of intense cramps I started to get diarrhea. For the next 1-2 hours it was a vicious cycle of laying in my bed with severe, debilitating cramps then rushing to the toilet every 15 minutes. Ultimately it did what it was supposed to do but I will never take it again, the pain is not worth the result. I&#039;m just fine drinking a couple glasses of prune juice for comfortable results."
"I got the Mirena on November 16th, 2017 and just got it removed today (June 8th, 2017).  The insertion was extremely painful. In November when I first got it I weighed in at 116 lbs at 5&#039;3, after 6 months I weighed in today at 131.4 lbs. This was without a doubt a result of the Mirena. In addition, I experienced horrible cramps for 3 weeks every month, my digestion was off all of the time, worsening acne, water retention, increased appetite, extreme bloating, a rash/hives all over my chest, lowered sex drive, sex was very painful and would restart my period, the skin on my nipples started to peel and I could feel it poking inside of me 24/7. I hated it, I won&#039;t recommend this to anyone."
"Day 4 and I am experiencing the rebound redness for the fisrt time. My entire face looks like it has sunburn. I am afraid based on what I have read that if I continue to use it the rebound redness will get worse. I&#039;m happy that something was made to help people with rosacea...and am hopeful that they will find a reason for the rebound redness and alter the medication."
"I use to love this medication! I would take it and it took my migraine away within an hour. About a year ago I took it and my throat felt like it was closing up and my heart was racing. I tried taking it again and the same thing happen. I am very sad I can no longer take it because it worked great to relieve my throbbing migraine pain."
"I only drank half of it 6 pm night before - couldn&#039;t imagine getting another sip down - even though taste wasn&#039;t horrible - it was sickly sweet - next morning I drank 1/4 of the container - and couldn&#039;t drink any more - 1/2 hour later decided to take another drink - downed 2 bottles of water in between. And doctor said my colon was totally clean. Just eat very light for 3 days before and you will be fine."
"This is my first experience with birth control. I began taking Lo Loestrin Fe in January, and am just beginning my eighth week. My periods were normal before this experience, but I haven&#039;t had one since I started this bc - for me personally, not a pleasant side effect (my periods were not too painful or heavy, and it was a comfort to know I was not pregnant). My breasts have been extremely painful, and it has only gotten worse with time. I find it very difficult to get out of bed, and I am far more easily angered than before I started this bc. It has also caused moderate/severe constipation. I am going to ask my doctor about a different pill when I am finished with this pack. Overall, would not recommend based on my experience."
"Post concussion, leading to: explosive outbursts, withdrawal from activities I used to enjoy, addictive behaviors.  I wasn&#039;t worried about the skin rash; the evidence is clear when slowly titrated up, the risk is  low.  I have experienced some cognitive sluggishness and muscle cramping at 150mg, but they are only annoyances.   Drug saved my marriage and job, allowed me to become self-reflective (rather than self-hating) again.  Also, I have experienced another (very welcome!) side effect: um, er, astonishing sexual pleasure.  When I told my doc about this, he smiled, said a small percentage of patients will have this &quot;side effect&quot;.  I&#039;m glad I have!  So, the drug has worked well for me in many regards."
"I woke up feeling a nasty burning sensation, so I went to the walk in clinic today to be prescribed with macrobin. I must say, in the first hour after taking it, my extreme pain and irritation was gone, but as time went by, I started to feel like I was going through chemotherapy. Only one pill, and I feel extreme side effects. I wear corrective lenses and my vision is getting all messed up. My body is super weak, my heart beats very fast, my stomach is in knots, my abdomen is cramping up like nobody&#039;s business. I have a headache. Never ever taking this again. I would not recommend this antibiotic to anyone. Yes, everyone is different, therefore you will react differently to antibiotics, but this one is absolute agony."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months now and it&#039;s great. My period lasts only like 3 days on the sugar pills, experience barely any cramping. The only downside for my body was that this pill makes you spot on and off so I keep having to wear a panty liner and it makes me really emotional like I cry over everything and I was never that sensitive. I haven&#039;t gained that much weight but I will say it makes me have an appetite like a man! It cleared up my acne too. I do recommend this pill."
"I see all of the bad reviews and information that is not really the way things work for me. So in the year of 2000 after being injured causing permanent disability eye doctor introduced me to Lortab 10 milligram and oxycodone 5 milligram. By the end of my pill habit was on over 1000 pills a month and tried many different narcotics to help with my pain that really was just helping with my addiction. I was very scared. Just take Suboxone. I had to take Suboxone because Florida&#039;s Crackdown on over prescribing. Don&#039;t be scared to take Suboxone. I took my first Suboxone wow I couldn&#039;t believe it I was sober and not feeling like I was dying"
"I have taken Gianvi for about four years now, started it for birth control reason, it cleared my face within months, I didn&#039;t feel any anxiety or anything that has to do with my mood, my sex drive has been the same with or without. Once I was taken out of Gianvi, and tried Vestura, Vestura affected me badly! I had terrible mood swings, felt terrible for those days taking it, afterwards I went back to Gianvi and things got back to normal."
"I&#039;d say Tic Tacs are more helpful."
"This drug saved my life. Really helps control the obsessive thoughts. I have been taking it 5 years. Only side effect is increased sweating, but it&#039;s no big deal."
"Works great. Raised my levels from 14 to 550 (220-880 &#039;normal&#039;) which resulted from methadone usage.  Very effective."
"I have been on Semprex-D for more years than I care to think about.  It is a very old medicine, but it works for me far better than any of the newer antihistamine/decongestants that have been recently introduced.  "
"After suffering from severe depression and PTSD; and having been prescribed Luvox, Wellbutrin, Paxil, Zoloft, and combinations for over 20 years; I read about Modafinil being used off label. The only antidepressant that had helped previously was the Zoloft. After several years; it lost the effectiveness from when I first began taking it. In the meantime, I became permanently disabled due to MANY physical conditions along with my mental conditions. My doctor added Modafinil to my daily regiment of medications. I can think more clearly; and don&#039;t lose my train of thought, nor become distracted as often before taking Modafinil. It has been a blessing for me and I have not experienced any ill side effects."
"I had a bad experience with the insertion of Skyla. I went there by myself and almost passed out at my OBGYN once I was about to leave. I was in horrible (cramping) pain for about 3-4 hours after. There are a lot of people that don&#039;t experience it that badly but this was just my personal expensive. I do love how I never have to remember to take a pill everyday. With going back to school and working full time it&#039;s hard to remember anything. My periods are normally pretty light but seem to last longer now 5-6 days. Since the insertion I have experienced more headaches and sometimes feel light headed and dizzy. I have also had a significant weight gain 15 lbs since I got it. No diet change and I always feel bloated."
"Honestly this medicine has saved my life! I went from having multiple long lasting episodes of mania to none. Ya i still get the thoughts but im relaxed and able to make conscious choices now that im on it. The only negative side affect is the hair loss but its temporary, but so worth it. Nothing is better than feeling like you are in control of yourself,  and this medicine does this for you dont be scared to ask your doctor about it!"
"I&#039;m 16 years old and I&#039;ve had migraines since I was 2 years old. I was on topamax for a month and already started feeling stupid, constantly drowsy, depressed, I couldn&#039;t remember what i had done a day ago. Being 16 and still in high school, this was a problem. I ended up having an allergic relationship to the mediation two weeks after taking it. It had felt like I was about to die. I thought I had taken some kind of horrible drug that was about to kill me. I had rapid heart beat, slurring speak, deplayed responses, I was mentally not there, my vision was messed up, and much more. Worst med ever."
"Latuda so far has been the best medicine I&#039;ve taken.  Geodon made me really shaky but not with Latuda.  I have not gained any weight, more focused, more energy.  I am able to complete my tasks throughout the day.  Overall I feel happy and don&#039;t find the need to want to lie around all day and watch T.V. I am very pleased with Latuda."
"This drug is the devil. It destroyed my life. It took everything that made me who I am away from me &amp; locked it in a little box. I didn&#039;t notice my personality changing, I didn&#039;t notice how heavily I&#039;d started to drink because it was creating more symptoms than it was treating. My partner, also on Cymbalta for slightly longer than I (probably still on it) also changed... He went from kind &amp; considerate to selfish &amp; cold. He avoided conflict at all costs when I met him, when we parted ways he would happily start arguments.

Yes, Cymbalta helped me for about 2 months, but from there it was all side effects (apart from the aforementioned) of uncontrollable sweating &amp; mood swings on top of the depression &amp; anxiety it was supposed to be treating"
"Started the med last week Friday and started itching from head to toe. Not too bad the itching but uncomfortable while sleeping. By morning it subsides  a bit and back again when I take the medication at night.
Has anyone  experienced the same itch.  Thinking of stopping  the med."
"It&#039;s a great medicine to have especially when you get migraines and sick after a procedure (scope down the throat). Didn&#039;t feel much pain after at all."
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave since 12/2016.  Began three days after Christmas.  I was 250 lbs.  I lost thirty &amp; down to 220 in three months (80 carbs a day) &amp; maintained until (chocolate season of Easter), but now I am up to 230.  I don&#039;t feel the medication is working anymore- at all.  However, the doctor has scared me into believing I will gain back the other 20 if I go off of it.  I&#039;m a sugar addict.   Plain and simple.  It&#039;s like crack cocaine.  Tried telling the doctor this who wanted me to try CBT.  Yeah, no.  I don&#039;t need any armchair psychoanalyst telling me that &quot;Hey, you really crave sugar.&quot;  I get about 15,000 steps in a day, but it doesn&#039;t help.  I want to lose another 50 pounds, but it&#039;s clear that this medication won&#039;t be part of it."
"I was first prescribed Spiriva for my COPD and after about a month I saw no change &amp; was using my rescue inhaler 3-4 times a day.  My Dr. then prescribed Symbicort 5 weeks ago &amp; I haven&#039;t had to use my rescue inhaler at all since.  It has really inproved my quality of life!  The only side effects I&#039;ve noticed is my throat is a little hoarse.  I&#039;m happy!"
"Hi guys. I&#039;m the son of a man who went bald at the age of 18 and I&#039;m one of 4 brothers. I staring taking Propecia at the age of 39 and I&#039;m 51 now. Not only has my hair stronger and thicker like I&#039;ve lost none, I&#039;m the only brother now with a full head of hair. I had my first child at age 42 and have just had my fifth 4 months ago. I have never had any of the side effects that others have written about on here. If I had my time over again I would do exactly the same thing except maybe have started taking this pill a little earlier so that my hair wouldn&#039;t have thinned so much before I starting taking it (The thinning has totally reversed). I have and would recommend this treatment to any other male who like to feel good about themselves."
"This drug is what my Doc put me on when I asked for Cosentyx. She said it had a little bit better success rate and might be a little cheaper.  She also told me that I would only have to do labs once per year.  I have moderate plaque P from head to toe.  I should say HAD. I am 99% clear at 4 weeks. I only have light spots where plaques used to be. The only other biologics I have had are Humira, which worked for a year or so, and Otezla, which did not work at all. The only side effects I have had have been a slight touch of digestive trouble and maybe one day of mild (flu like) body aches. My cost after insurance and copay assistance is 5 bucks per month. Needless to say I am super happy so far.  So far so great."
"BEST FORM OF BIRTHCONTROL
I got the copper iud 2 months ago because I couldn&#039;t cope with the synthetic hormones from the pill. 
The insertion was painless, I was put to sleep and woke up with mild cramps for the same afternoon then no other pain since which is strange because in the past I&#039;ve experienced terrible period pain!
My period is not heavier, its just different. The first side effect I noticed was my discharge is really clotted and snot-like which is weird but tolerable.
When I got my period it wasn&#039;t a thin brown flow like it normally is but rather it was the same thick discharge but more of it and very dark brown. 
My boyfriend has not noticed the strings during sex aswell which I was also worried about.
I would 100% recommend it!"
"I had seen a story about Qsymia on the news right before seeing my doctor for the results of my physical. I was at the highest weight I had ever been 233 lbs, 43 years old and a mostly inactive lifestyle. I did some research on side effects, printed out all the information I could find and took it with me to my appointment. My doctor was hesitant because she never heard of Qsymia, but agreed to a trial 6 month run that was in July. Today I had my fifth doctor&#039;s appointment, 40 pounds lost, current weight 193, she has approved me to be on Qsymia until the goal weight is reached since she has done research and found that it okay to be on it for the long term. No dieting! Barely exercising. Appetite is decreased - HUGE SUCCESS."
"My experience was one of &quot;thank goodness&quot; until 17 days after. Now I am VERY irratable with little or no patience. I am seeing my doctor today for an update and will ask him to let me try (again) Dexedrine. I did not want to go off of it but I think because Vyvanse is new, well you can fill in the rest. The Dexedrine has been around for a long time and I feel it is above and beyond others with knowing what to expect all the time. Good luck to all of you. God Bless."
"I&#039;d been drinking for years and it got very heavy on the last two years and worse so in the last 6 months. 

I failed with antabuse and doctor switched me just this week to this drug. It&#039;s been amazing. I went for a few social beers which were planned but I couldn&#039;t be bothered with drinking. I would normally have drank until I blacked out but I barely had any urge to drink anything. I had beers in the fridge and normally I would have drank them also after getting home, I woke up they were untouched and I just poured them down the sink. 

It works!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Contrave for 3 weeks today and so far I&#039;ve lost 7 pounds. I&#039;m also doing the Scale Down program which has shown that my weight is still fluctuating, but that&#039;s most likely due to my hypothyroidism. The side effects I experienced during the second week were pretty unbearable but I called my doctor and he said to make sure to take my dose on an empty stomach and I haven&#039;t had any issues since then. Right now I&#039;m taking two pills in the morning and one at night. Hoping to see some long term weight loss with this medication. So far, so good!"
"I believe myself to be very pain tolerant. I got one of these inserted, and it caused me so much pain I nearly passed out. Keep in mind, however, that I have never been pregnant before. If you have not been pregnant your uterus does not have as much elasticity. Also, my uterus was set back in a position that made for a difficult time for my gynee to get to it. (This happens when you have not been pregnant  sometimes) Nurse said she had never seen the gynee actually have to  utilize the ultrasound to insert it. 1 day after insertion, and now I am completely cramp free. Don&#039;t let the horror stories scare you.  Ease of use, cost (completely free), and effectiveness of this product is phenomenal. "
"20mg a day gave me stomach pains. Went to 10mg. Works good, no side effects."
"Not bad at all and never got nauseous or had problems when it hit.  Start fasting with only fluids beginning the day PRIOR to drinking your prep.  Make sure solution and water to mix it are VERY cold.  I used a large &quot;smoothie&quot; straw and bit into chilled lemon wedges dipped in sugar before first sip and when I had to stop between sips for air.  Glad I read that too because it worked WONDERFULLY!!!!   Stuff started working within 20 minutes but was not bad since I had only liquids in my system for the 2 days at ate very lightly 3 days prior.  Dr said result was excellent and thankfully no
Polyps were found.  BTW, procedure was so easy and the Propofol worked very well!!  Hope this helps!  God bless!"
"I have been put on Valium to relieve the muscle spasms and aches due to the reduction of Prednisone, which I have been taking for a long period of time (26 years). Anyway this reduction of Prednisone has caused me quite a bit of muscle spasms, muscle aches, and muscle pain. The 10 mg of Valium relieves the muscle spasms and achiness. I feel the Valium is a God send for my relief. I take one 10-mg tab of Valium every morning when I wake up, as that is when the muscle pain is most severe. The Valium is effective in relieving the effects of the tapering down of my Prednisone level. Valium works very well for me. I rate the Valium a 10 in my relief!"
"I suffer from both BED and bipolar disorder. Binge eating is a big trigger for my episodes so it effects my life in a huge way. I am not overweight by anyone&#039;s standards other than my own, so I have not lost weight on this drug, but this medication has practically saved my life. I refer to it as miracle drug. Food no longer controls my life. I no longer binge in private so I&#039;m free to eat in public and enjoy food the way it was meant to be enjoyed, with friends and loved ones. I can eat a cookie without eating the entire box. I can eat a scoop of ice cream without devouring the entire carton. I can eat something unhealthy without being depressed and miserable for the entire week because of it."
"I got nexplanon November 2015. First, my experience inserting the rod was not that painful, the only part that hurt (and it hurt like a b*tch) was the lidocaine shot the doctor used to numb my arm. For a few days afterward though, I didn&#039;t want to move my arm certain ways because it caused a sharp pain on each end of the rod and caused bruising. 

I have always had extremely heavy, painful, and long periods before I was on birth control and while I was on the pill. They would last approximately ten days each. About a week after I got nexplanon, I got my period. It was just like my normal periods, but instead of ending it just got lighter until it was just spotting and has been bleeding ever since, but I barely ever cramp like I used to."
"I changed to Loestrin from Yaz. I loved Yaz. No side effect at all. I changed to Loestrin and had acne, and severe vertigo. It was unbearable. Fortunately it only lasted about a month. Now it is fine. Very light bleeding."
"I started taking contrave 4 weeks ago. I have lost 6 lbs. I have had no side effects from this drug. It definitely works to curb hunger and craving. I eat to live and not live  to eat.  I tried Belvique and Qysemia and they both were a waste of money and time. This drug is the only one that&#039;s curbs hunger and cravings without any side effects. I will continue to take it till I reach my goal. I&#039;d recommend this drug highly"
"I was on Suboxone for about 5 years when I became pregnant. During my pregnancy my Doc had me on Subutex and then after my pregnancy it was time to go back to Suboxone. My Doc gave me Bunavail instead. Like somebody else mentioned, it said it was 4.2 mg instead of 8 and my addict brain immediately did not like that. And when I first started it, I HATED it. I would take a whole piece in my right cheek and it BARELY touched my withdraws. I had to wait for it to melt, which takes FOREVER, and then take another one. BUT, one day I put it in my left cheek just to mix it up, and I was SHOCKED that it worked! So well that I actually felt nausious. Ever since I&#039;ve been using my left cheek and have had no problems, besides the time it takes to melt."
"Started taking Viibryd at the recommendation of my doctor to replace the sertraline  and buspirone I had been on before. First couple days on 10mg gave me nausea and dizziness, followed by a few days of incredible manic energy. I was getting things done at work like a maniac but when I got home I would be weak and dizzy and very sore. Woke up a week after starting  with crushing anxiety, depression, dizziness, and nausea so bad I had to call into work, I couldn&#039;t hardly stand let alone drive myself. I was supposed to start the 20mg that day so I did hoping it would help but it just made the symptoms worse. I know side effects can be weird but I&#039;ve never had to miss work because of them before."
"The cocktail didn&#039;t do a thing. First Benadryl then Reglan. No help and it wasted precious hours that I was in pain. I&#039;ve had migraines for 26 years and know what helps. I was in the ER for ~ 6 hours. Only when given Fentanyl did the pain level 27 go down to a ~4. I told them demerol and phernagan knocks it out, but the ER doctor didn&#039;t listen.  (Why did you ask me then?) I was left  with a dull headache for 1.5 days."
"Diagnosed with atrial fibrillation in 2007. Three electrocardioversions, two ablations, a Medtronic ICD and 1000 mcg a day of Tikosyn and I am in sinus rhythm 99.998% of the time. Before treatment I was in A-Fib for 10 months. My Electrophysiologist prescribed  25mg twice daily of atenolol to help with the pounding heart beat side effect of Tikosyn. I turn 37 in August so my major concern is the long term use of Tikosyn. Its a fairly new medicine and there isn&#039;t any research of long term (20 yrs) dosage. So far, so good. It does make me tired, but that is a small price to pay to live without A-Fib."
"I&#039;ve started &amp; still am, taking this medicine 12 weeks ago, along with minocycline. The fourth week I was using it I thought it got worse, but I kept with the product and over time I saw a major improvement from the first day I took it. It burned and dried out my face the first week, but after that my face was fine. Most of my acne is either gone, light red, or scars, so I&#039;m going back to the dermatologist next week to see what they can do about it. I definitely recommend this product!"
"I have severe allergies, combined with chronic sinus and ear troubles.  Every few months, I need prednisone to help with inflammation.  It kicks in so quickly, and that familiar, dull ache finally subsides.  With the taper pack, the side effects are minimal, but the most notable are an increased appetite and energy level.  Thankfully, the two of these together seem to balance out, and I usually don&#039;t gain weight."
"I am 19 years old and have been taking Beyaz for 3 months. This is my first time being on birth control. However, I am switching because of the mood swings. I feel like I have crippling depression. I am NOT like this at all - this isn&#039;t me. It has gotten worse each month. I cry at every little thing and have had increasing suicidal thoughts. It is absolutely miserable. Other than depression, other negative effects have been weight gain (nearly 10lbs), low sex drive, and my acne has stayed prominent. The only positive aspects are I didn&#039;t get pregnant (a few times I missed my time to take the pill up to 7 hours) and my breasts are definitely bigger than normal."
"I&#039;m 5 days post surgery and pain from gas and constipation was unbearable.  After trying several other remedies without results, I finally I purchased and drank a 300ml bottle of lemon flavoured MC.  Just 4 hours later I finally have relief!  The pressure in my abdomen has subsided and I no longer feel like my stitches are going to rip open."
"Clozapine has been the only medicine that has helped me with my psychosis. I rapidly deteriorated while in hospital to a point where I had to be on 24 hour watch. 4 weeks after starting it I was released and began studying again. As my psychiatrist said &#039;it is the golden egg of psychiatric medication&quot;."
"After using steriods for many years that stopped working I was put on cyclosporine. My body reacted well to it and within approximately 3 weeks my symptoms had nearly disappeared. I unfortuntely get some side effects from it such as tiredness and headaches. "
"If you are thinking of having this fitted then please consider thinking again. I&#039;ve just got out of hospital after my GP perforated my uterus during fitting 4 days ago. The insertion was excruciating and I&#039;m not exactly soft! Took four attempts to get it in place. One day after insertion I got an episode of trigeminal neuralgia down the right side of my body which i have never experienced in my life. 3 days after that I started with what felt like a kidney stone but after 12 hours in hospital turned out to be perforated uterus on top of a kidney infection. I seriously think all these side effects are related to the mirena coil fitting although I&#039;m sure medical professionals will beg to differ."
"It is great."
"I&#039;ve taken the medicine for a month and I do notice my mood is a lot better. I have gained 16 pounds almost. It makes me very hungry when I take it. My doctor moved me from 0.05mg per day to 1 mg per day because of my horrible anxiety. It does help but not all day. I plan to still give it more time. The weight gain is not exactly good though."
"I started taking this on Nov 3rd, 2016 for weight loss at the suggestion of a new Dr.  I am  not prediabetic but over 100 lbs overweight. Age 46    I went back for my follow up on 12/12/2016 and had lost 13 lbs.  I did experience nausea the first few days.  This medicine reduced my appetite.  Rating 8 out of 10 because I&#039;m still early in the process.  Will report back"
"I have used 0.75 patch for 6 years.  To make it stick better, rub your skin with alcohol and let dry.  Press on for ~20-30 secs.  Really the only thing I find frustrating is the fact that by the 5th day my body is clearly not getting as much medicine, and I start having body symptoms to parallel this.  Also have very sore knots in my breasts, especially the first few days.  But other than this, it has been a life-saver since I have post surgical menopause."
"I had to quit this medication because it made me agitated and very paranoid.  I was to the point that I was going to quit my job and was convinced that my family was turning on me.  I stopped and within 1.5 months everything resolved. I am now on Ocella and it works great."
"I have only used the patch for flying. I have severe chronic motion sickness. I start to get nausea while picking up my prescription for my flight. Usually I combine a Valium or Xanax to ease the apprehension about possibly getting sick .If I don&#039;t take it early enough for my trip , its likely that I&#039;ll vomit on the way to the airport but after that I&#039;m fine. Some of my problem is I self induce my condition since I worry about it.
I remove the patch as soon as I land but I am wiped out for the rest of the day until I can sleep it off. Blurry vision lasts about a day and dry mouth about the same.  Don&#039;t cut the patch in half for short trips...It will not work! I found out the hard way."
"I started taking Zoloft in October of 2003 for depression and attention deficit disorder. I have had no complaints. This is a wonderful medicine for me. I have found that the brand name works better on me than the generic brand. I know they aren&#039;t supposed to be different but they are. On the generic I have suicidal thoughts which I didn&#039;t have before I started on the medicine. On the brand name, I don&#039;t have this issues and feel so much better. I like myself and other people like me better too."
"I started out taking 1/2 mg 1 time a day. With in about 2 years I was taking 2 mg 3 times a day. It didn&#039;t work for me. I had been misdiagnosed by county mental health. I had PTSD NOT bipolar anxiety or borderline personality. I became severely addicted  and was from about 2009 to 2014. I became very violent. And often got in legal trouble . I blacked out often. If I could go back and redo I would never take it. I would have done counselling. First. So many behaviours can be corrected  with intense therapy. Medication only masked the real issue for me.  It cost me many relationships, many nights in jail and much money I could have spent on my son. I pray for anyone who takes this DRUG..."
"I started Harvoni on Dec 26,after 2 months of taken the pill once a day,I was cured of the virus,I continued with the 3rd month and tomorrow is the final day and the final pill. I had absolutely NO SIDE EFFECTS the entire time. I am one Grateful man at 64 years old. THANK YOU SO MUCH"
"Almost 6 weeks on Contrave and still going strong. I&#039;m down 13 lbs; 168 at 5&#039;1 to 155. Side effects I&#039;ve noticed this far, still bouts of nausea and only threw up once. I recommend taking with food and lots of water. Dry mouth seems to have subsided, still have a slight hum in my ears and my right hand twitches mildly intermittently. I have energy, an overall feeling of well being and 90% control over my eating. Sticking to a 1400 calorie or less diet with no trouble. Scale down program is very encouraging. I feel like I eat breakfast, small lunch and then am just not hungry the rest of the day, amazing how it turns off desire to eat mindlessly. Some taste changes, I love eggs, but can&#039;t eat now. Pls try for yourself, or you&#039;ll never know."
"Although my experience with Lo Loestrin Fe was much worse, Jolivette made me feel terrible. Extreme stomach pain, bloating, fatigue, and low sex drive."
"Fought off a sinus infection that went into my chest and turned into bronchitis. I absolutely hate taking antibiotics, but after a couple months with a bad cough, which was actually starting to go away, I developed pleurisy. I had decided I would have to go see the Doc. He prescribed me this and an anti-inflammatory. It started working on the second day and by day seven it was gone. I did not have any side effects. I had never taken this before, so might be why it worked so fast because I thought the pain was going to kill me."
"I am on my third day of taking 50mg of Pristiq after 12 years of taking 150mg of EffexorXR every morning. I have had my depression and anxiety under control for the last 11 1/2 years because of therapy, family support and the EffexorXR. My main reason for trying Pristiq, which is very similar to Effexor, is to try to lessen the amount of time it takes to achieve orgasm. &quot;It takes forever!&quot; My doctor seems to think this will help. We&#039;ll see."
"Works well for my rls but symptoms started earlier in the day so I take 1 mg around 3 pm.and 1 mg at night. The problem is that after I take it, I feel depressed and restless. I haven&#039;t read about this side effect for anyone else. I am seeing a neurologist in August  and plan to ask for a different medication."
"I have a boyfriend who has been drinking alcohol for years, he&#039;s 51 &amp; drinks the 20% alcohol, and he got gabapentin 600 mg 3x day and it worked the FIRST day! I&#039;m hoping he stays sober. Thanks for this site. Good luck to all."
"Started taking Tamiflu and within 24 hours, felt like I was on a boat and out to sea. I was nauseous, dizzy, had a nonstop headache and even got a beautiful speckled body rash as a consolation prize. This drug horrible and it seems the potential side effects outweigh the benefits all together. The fact that I paid over $100 for this medicine and cannot stomach taking another dose, makes me even more upset. For the next time, it&#039;ll be lots of fluids, rest, teas, and some old school TheraFlu."
"I&#039;m 20 and have been on this injection for four years. I&#039;ve never had a period whilst being on it and never was late for any injections. Never had any pain or weight gain and was very happy with it. Until last week! I started on and off bleeding over four days. It was only light and I didn&#039;t think very much of it, as I was quite stressed out. Only this morning I have got up to go to the loo and have had a really really heavy bleed!! I am really worried and can&#039;t get a doctors appointment. I hope it can get resolved."
"I went from 50-300 mg in two weeks. I gained ten pounds and was constantly tired all the time. I usually stay between the same weight to a pound up or down. I took the extended release tablets (xr)
As soon as I took the medicine within an hour I became very tired to the point where I would start to mumble and fall asleep. This medicine made me feel like I was out of it all the time. Not to mention I fainted a couple of times and I&#039;ve never fainted in my life. I think I was on too high of a level for my body. 
I&#039;m not trying to scare anyone with my review I&#039;m just sharing my experience with the medicine I know everyone&#039;s body is different. This medicine made me sleep 24/7 and relaxed me."
"This medicine does not work for pain whatsoever. It&#039;s like something docs give to trick you into thinking you&#039;re taking pain meds.  IDK what&#039;s in it. It does not work.  Thanks druggies, for making it hard for people that are actually in pain short term to get effective meds."
"I have been on the shot for two years now, and overall it&#039;s been great. I couldn&#039;t remember to take a pill everyday, so my doctor suggested the Depo Shot. When I first got the shot I bled for almost two months straight. After that, nothing. Besides some spotting when I&#039;m up for my next shot. However, I have noticed I&#039;ve lost some of my hair, my depression worsened and I experience major mood swings from time to time; I didn&#039;t gain any weight. 
My doctor just notified me of the risk of osteoporosis and suggested taking 1000 MG of Calcium and 400-800 MG of Vitamin D per day. This is suggested after receiving the shot for 2+ years. Either way, I wish I knew this sooner. I would have been taking those vitamins since day one."
"My husband has been taking Abilify in conjunction with Effexor and Lexapro, for obsessive compulsive disorder. It&#039;s amazing - he gets going and out-of-the-house much easier, and has actually been on-time for the first time in his life. His productivity is hugely improved and his compulsions are fewer/shorter. First success we have seen."
"Most of these reviews are terrifying so I wanted to share my experience...
1) One of the biggest differences with tricyclic BC (3 months) from the once a month kind is the likelihood of spotting is much greater. On the first pack I spotted months 2-3. (yep..2 months pretty much). That being said it was so light I could&#039;ve probably used the same panty liner all day &amp; been fine. Also, my BF isn&#039;t a child &amp; wasn&#039;t bothered by it. I found it mostly annoying. The second pack I&#039;m still spotting but only for 1 month, also very light. I suspect it will not happen on the next pack. Minor nausea was my only other side effect. No libido change, no weight gain, mood change, etc. Not perfect, but I love it. It&#039;s going to be different for each person."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia over two years ago, have been struggling with it for about 7. Recently went to a psychiatrist because my pain doctor and pcp suggested it because of me complaining about concentration and fatigue issues. I have only been on this a short time but so far it&#039;s been A LIFE SAVER. I was started on a low dose of course just 10mg once a day IR. I could easily take 3 of these a day. My pain doctor recently put me on the lowest dose of a butrans patch and it&#039;s made a huge difference but my energy was still gone and I still struggled (I only worked on average 20 hours a week because doing much more has been too hard and I have an easy job in an office ). This adderall may save my life I&#039;d write more but it won&#039;t let me"
"At the age of 61 I had Shingles.  This medication helped with the pain as well as the blisters.  After only 3 or 4 days on Valtrex my blisters began diminishing.  I would estimate somewhere between 40 to 60 percent of the blisters were gone.  It is now day six and I am looking forward to a complete recovery soon."
"I am on day 3 of not smoking. I was a pack a day smoker for over 30 years. I have never tried to quit before. I think I have done very well. I have had some restlessness and some concentration issues but for the most part I can&#039;t say it has been hard. I have this inhaler and I use 1 cartridge a day. I know they say to use at least 6 but I can&#039;t even imagine using 6. I know that I have it if I need it and I have not had any side effects from it. Maybe a little high feeling but nothing to write home about."
"Honestly, I felt better about 4 hours after begging treatment with this for an infected/abcessed tooth.  Surprisingly quick, considering the amount of pain I was in.  The downside, for me at least, seems to be slight nausea/dizziness.  I had taken ibuprofen earlier due to pain, so this meant bad times in front of the toilet.  Be careful with other meds that may upset your stomach."
"This was the first birth control that I&#039;ve ever tried, and I&#039;ve honestly experienced no problems with it. I had mild nausea for the first two months and an irregular period, but my body quickly adjusted to it. I think that all of the bad reviews on here are from people whose body was just SO adjusted to that other pill that they just couldn&#039;t take this one. My sex drive is good, my weight is steady, face is clear, and I&#039;m NOT pregnant."
"This medicine has saved my life. I take it along with other medicines of course, but I can really tell the difference in my level of anxiety. Would recommend anyone with unrelenting anxiety to try."
"I&#039;m a 24 year old recovering alcoholic and drug addict, I&#039;ve been misdiagnosed by many doctors, been on several medications such as lithium and prozac (which I reacted horribly too and sometimes ended up in a psych hospitals) as a result of those misdiagnosis and I was untreated for ADHD my entire life since I was first diagnosed at the age of 9. I&#039;ve been on Vyvanse for over a year now under the direction of a new doctor/addiction specialist and this medication has CHANGED MY LIFE. It has made me more focused and productive, more motivated, less hyper, less anxious; it has also CURED my insomnia. This is the real me: balanced, organized, articulate, focused and productive. So happy a doctor finally got my diagnosis right."
"When I first got it I didn&#039;t bleed until the last month I started spotting but it was a very dark brown blood and so I told my doc so she gave me birth control to stop it. So the second shot which I&#039;m on now made it stop for the first month but I barely just got off it and now I&#039;m bleeding very heavy and cramping bad everyday."
"I chose Copaxone because of the liver problems that people have from the oral medication.  I have been on Copaxone for 2 months now.  I have had site reactions like swelling, redness and itching.  I have started using the heat before and a cold pack after my injection which has helped.  Recently, I have had some problems with numbness in my right side from under my arm down to my toes and a burning sensation from my calf down to my toes. It is probably a flare up. I will stay on the injections until my neuro tells me to stop.  Shared Solutions is great and they are very helpful."
"was prescribed baclofen for dystonia .(muscles spasms)..they slowed the spasms a bit but it also  left me sitting on the sofa like a useless lump of flesh.  Horrible drug and side effects"
"Medicine made me feel very ill, nausea, extreme drowsiness, slept twelve hours after just two doses. Had difficulty swallowing and it felt like their were sticks in my throat.  The drug did not seem to work that well but stopped taking due to the side effects."
"I have had Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease for many years and in February of this year, I was diagnosed with a Hiatus hernia as well. I had been on Prilosec since the late 90s, before it was available over the counter, prior to that I took Zantac 150. After I was diagnosed with the Hiatus Hernia this year, my gastroenterologist prescribed Zegerid and within the first day of taking it, I noticed a dramatic difference no heartburn or reflux at all. I do still have to take Mylanta occasionally depending on what I eat but, that is nothing compared to what it was like. I was taking several doses of Mylanta every day with minimal relief."
"I had dizzy spells, blepharospasms, ocular migraine and some other eye problem that made my eyes close. 

The symptoms stopped, when I stopped using the medication."
"I&#039;ve been taking Doxycycline for a few days now for bronchitis/pneumonia. I take it twice a day. The dose in the morning makes me nauseous and I vomited once. Other than the extreme list of interactions with food and other medications, I would take it again for my illness. It&#039;s potent and so far seems to be clearing up my lungs and sinuses!"
"New to paraguard,  love it. Never had kids,  want to eventually. 

Insertion was not terrible, a pinch to measure then another pinch to insert &amp; done. I was prescribed 3 pills to soften the lining of my uterus &amp; I guess they worked. I took aleve before &amp; continued through the next 2 days.  

 I had my SO come with me for insertion &amp; I&#039;m glad I did.  I could have driven home but it was nice to be able to relax with my cramping &amp; not worry about driving.  I&#039;m very glad I took a half day at work!  Thermacare heat pads were my bff for the first 2 days.  I spotted on and off for 8 days but since have had regular bleeding &amp; some cramps.  
My body adjusted well to hormone free bc &amp; not having to remember a pill is liberating!"
"I suffer from depression with features of psychosis and after trying many medicines Abilify has been the best."
"Not so much of a comment about the effectiveness of Spiriva, but more about the company&#039;s &quot;QUALITY CONTROL&quot; which sucks! I&#039;ve had a ongoing discussion with Boehringer Ingelheim, the company that makes Spiriva for the last year after receiving &quot;blank capsules&quot; in their packages.

At a cost of over $12.00 (in my case) per capsule, this is unacceptable. I honestly expected that this was a isolated incident at first and reported it to the company (and pharmacy) immediately, and again, and again, and again! 

At first they stated it was a &quot;isolated incident&quot;, then it was  a &quot;equipment malfunction&quot;. Seems like they have a endless supply of excuses, rather than fixing the problem!"
"Works great to kick a opiate habit but a f**king nightmare to get off of.  I&#039;ve had to stop because I&#039;m pregnant and I haven&#039;t slept more than 2 hours a night in a week, go back and forth with having diarrhea and being constipated from being so dehydrated, my skin won&#039;t stop crawling.  It&#039;s a nightmare and I&#039;ve only been taking it for about 3 or 4 months and was down to a 1/4 of a strip, skipping days when I could.  I wish I just would have detoxed the hard way for a few days."
"I&#039;ve had 3 x Mirena&#039;s now. Love them. First 2 were great, no pain to get done, bled on/off for a couple of months then no bleeding for 5 years, no mood swings, perfect. I had one put in last October and was in excruciating pain that night. Doubled up in bed almost vomiting from pain. I have a high pain tolerance. It has settled down but have only had only a couple of days break here and there from bleeding. I never went back to my Gyno for my post check up which I should have done. I went to see my sisters Gyno last week and told him how I&#039;d been having trouble so he checked and can&#039;t find iud. Going in for surgery Friday to get it removed and a new one done. Wouldn&#039;t be without one now. Advice - if not working how it should get it checked."
"This device was suggested to me first by my insurance company, because they want to try the cheapest route of treatment first, then by my doctor, who understood full well that the device was not going to stop  the regrowth of fibroids. Decided that we should go forward with the implant, which didn&#039;t not help,and  if anything made it worse.  Needless to say  the fibroid is still here, and heavy heavy bleeding lots of pain and being inserted was also very painful. When I went back for my 3 week follow up check up,the mirena was nowhere to be found. After a vaginal sonogram and x-rays they just assumed it was expelled from my body. I  found another doctor immediately and SHE schedule me for a partial hysterectomy within a month&#039;s time."
"I have been on the patch for about 6 months now, and I absolutely love it! It is much simpler than the pill, because you don&#039;t have to worry about forgetting about it! I&#039;ve found that since starting it, my skin has been better, I don&#039;t get headaches, my sex drive is normal, no weight gain, and not as moody! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is annoyed with the dailiness of the pill."
"I&#039;ve been using this medication regularly for almost two years and have never had a desire to switch to anything else. It hasn&#039;t caused cramps, weight gain, spotting, nausea, mood swings, or acne for ME personally. I&#039;m naturally prone to mood swings and hormonal acne and I feel like it actually regulates both issues, although they&#039;re not gone altogether.

I do, however, get headaches when I go OFF this pill; there have been a few instances when I couldn&#039;t get my refill on time for either insurance or Rx issues, and after a few days off of this, I start to lose my appetite, become very fatigued, prone to headaches and even migraines. That is my only concern."
"I gave this pill 4 months and my face has been progressively getting worse with each pack. I&#039;m also on 75mg of Spironolactone and I feel like that helps some, but not enough. I went on this to help with my chronic headaches and menstrual migraines, but it didn&#039;t help either. In fact, my cramps and migraines were horrible. I felt so sick every time I would bleed. I&#039;m getting headaches every day still and I break out constantly. I&#039;m also super depressed and feel down all the time. That just started with the 4th pack. 

The pros are I didn&#039;t gain any weight. My breasts grew a cup size and I didn&#039;t get pregnant."
"I have had cold sore/fever blisters, my whole life my baby sister also. She would get them on her nose and lip. We both would never have relief from them. In 2006 I show a doctor about some spots on my forehead and at the time I had a nasty cold sore. Doc come in first thing he said is whats on your lip and the nurse had ask me the same thing. This was a dermatologist office, I said it&#039;s s fever blaster with a crazy look in my face. He said I can make those go away for good  I said prove it. Well almost 10 years later and I get no more cold sores. If I feel like ones coming up I just pop a one gram pill and it gone. My sister finally got the point a few years back and got prescription for it. She two plus years clean ."
"I was given Clarifoam EF by my dermatologist for my cystic acne. I must say it did not work at all for me, it didn&#039;t get rid of break outs or stop them. I had been using it for 4 weeks and still managed to get 3 painful cystic pimples between my eyebrows."
"My whole body would be on fire without Lyrica. My sensory neuropathy is so bad I wouldn&#039;t be able to eat most foods without terrible reflux pain that would burn my throat and face. 

It does cause fatigue (build up slowly) but it&#039;s a trade off for quality of life. I have none without it. 

Lyrica has been the only drug that works for my small fiber neuropathy that didn&#039;t suddenly stopped working for me. 

I&#039;ve had to increase dosage over the years. I currently take 350mg day, targeting 400mg."
"I have been on Trulance since July 16. I have nerve damage in my stomach (gastroparesis) and rectal nerve damage from type 1 diabetes. I have a very hard time having a BM. I was on Linzess and then on amitiza. They gave me diarrhea at all times of the day. I also have fecal incontinence. Could rarely go out of the house. Trulance is like a miracle for me. I take Trulance and within an hour I start going. I go about 5-10 times in the next 1 to 2 hrs. I have a mixture of solid and diarrhea when I go. I think because there is solid with diarrhea I am able to control it until I reach the bathroom. When this process is over I can go about the rest of the day until the next pill. I am happily able to go away during these times with confidence."
"I&#039;m 17 and it was my first time on a birth control ever. It was awful! It made me have mood swings and I was always angry at the world. It made me suicidal. I took my anger out however I could and it ended up being on my boyfriend. We used to never fight and then we started to fight daily. I never had problems with my friends but I lost them all because of the monster I turned into. My boyfriend was fed up with how I treated him and it ruined our relationship. It took me until now to realize it was this awful birth control. I should have switched the moment I read all the awful reviews. I matched every single one of them and didn&#039;t notice until I lost everything. Stay away from Minastrin."
"Used it for claustrophobia when undergoing throat radiation therapy for cancer. Worked great.  Also used it for an MRI on my shoulder.

I don&#039;t have anxiety/panic attacks but for these medical procedures it worked great."
"I wish I found this feed while I was going through the intense burning and itching or before or I took the day 1. I always take the pill because I have had issues in the past if it not working. But this was insane I wanted to rip outhe my insides from the burning and itching. I had to wipe out the medicine as best I could and am waiting for my doctor to call in a pill. I will never try that pain again."
"I am very disappointed.  I had tried Ampyra about 3 years ago and found no effects at all.  At the urging of my neurologist, I tried again this year. For symptoms, I am taking Provigil &amp; Baclofen.
I take Copaxone as a disease modifying agent.  Previous to restarting Ampyra, I was doing 1/4 mile on a treadmill 3 times per day plus one mile on the elliptical at night. My legs felt very heavy on the first day of Ampyra.  I might have done just one rep on the treadmill. I thought possibly that my body was adjusting to the medicine, so I gave it about one week. I found it difficult to do my daily treadmill.
Legs also were throbbing slightly at the end of the day.  This medicine had a negative effect. I am out a $300 copay."
"Omg it tastes vile. I&#039;m struggling to get through the first litre. I&#039;m not looking forward to the aftermath or taking the 2nd litre. I&#039;m just looking forward to eating after my colonoscopy tomorrow. I&#039;m so hungry.. ."
"Working very well for me but nervous about how long I can be on it.  It&#039;s been just over a month.  Worried I&#039;ll never be able to sleep good if I go off it."
"Finally diagnosed with Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension without Papilledema after nearly 4 years of messing around with doctors who didn&#039;t believe anything was wrong, because my situation doesn&#039;t involve the optic disk swelling. Was started on Diamox 500mg a day...after 14 days severe stomach pain, I couldn&#039;t even drink water. Neurologist told me to stop taking it. The tingling, which is everywhere, turns to sheer pain if your out in the wind. By day 10 of taking the medicine, my lips started to purse on their own. My kids laughed because I had &quot;duck face&quot; for several days, even after stopping the med. Now I&#039;m back on it, 125mg/day, same side effects. Sucks. Did not help my symptoms the first time, and hasn&#039;t yet."
"First and foremost let me say, for all the girls out the reading these reviews. STOP STRESSING. My bf and I tried to have sex on Jan.10. It was protected but he took the condom off at one point to see if it would go in better it did but only for a second. We ended up not having sex because I was to tight lol. I started reading about &quot;precum&quot; which is something my bf does get a lot of. I read how it can get you prego and I flipped out. I took &quot;Take Action&quot; on the 12th of January approximately 30hrs later. It made me really sleepy that day and the next day upset stomach. After a week of nothing and a week of cramps and slight nausea I got my period today, on the 26th, same as last month. I&#039;m getting some birth control now ladies! Take care."
"I am only 7 days into this birth control and already I have packed on 5 lbs and my appetite is insane. I am also hungry and typically I eat a moderate amount . I am usually 173-175 and I have gone up to 179. I am stopping this birth control today! I spent alot of hard work to lose weight and packing on pounds is not worth it for me. My sex drive seems to be about the same, so as of just a week it had no effects over that. But 5 lbs in 7 days is unacceptable."
"I tried this medication.  It made me nauseous for weeks.  I know I did not give enough time, but I tired of being sick.  It seems like it works for some.  I am learning we are all different.  I started on Duloxetine this week, and I am already starting to feel better."
"I was on Singulair for about a year, when my medical aid would all of a sudden only pay for Tropaz (I believe it is a generic). Tropaz was equally effective, but after about six months of use I developed terribly dry and burning lips. I went of Tropaz for about six months, and started using it again. My lips were fine and for a couple of months I had no side-effects. The medical aid then changed from Tropaz to Minair and within 2 two months I had a disastrous allergen of hives and welts."
"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! I get mild yeast infections every once in a while and it usually lasts a few days and goes away. Well I decided to try monistat 1. I inserted the ovule around 9pm and used the cream provided for just around the outside of my vagina and went to bed. I peed an hour later and went to lay down and I start to feel this intense burning pain. My vagina was swollen, red and the burning and itching was so painful and uncomfortable I couldn&#039;t sleep. I took a warm bath and then put ice on my vagina trying to ease the pain. finally after 2 hours got to a point where it wasn&#039;t completely unbearable but still burned. Today, 24 hrs later, it still is swollen, red and burns worse than the actual yeast infection. Waste of money!"
"I started the medicine and didn&#039;t have any side effects for up to three days, but after the third day the side effects hit me big time.  I was sick to my stomach, and I had vomiting.  I didn&#039;t have a problem with the taste of the pill, I just threw it in the back of my throat and chugged some juice to make it go away really quickly.  My infection seems to have cleared up, after the first two days.  No discharge, or itching.  Haven&#039;t had intercourse yet to see if the discomfort was gone but will make another review when that happens.  Great medicine!"
"I have been taking birth control for 10  years due to surgery at a young age. I can honestly say that Junel almost ruined my life. I became completely depressed on this medication, but blamed that on the fact that I just moved 1,000 miles from home and I was homesick. Then I started to realize that there was a pattern. I&#039;d get extremely anxious and depressed for a few days and then it would subside (somewhat) for a week or two. It got to the point where my anxiety was so bad I could barely breathe and making it through a day seemed impossible. I talked to my gynecologist and had my pill changed. I am a completely different person now and thankfully got off of this medication before it claimed my life."
"If you are on the fence about taking Chantix don&#039;t be. This  flat out works. I was a 1 pack a day smoker sometimes 2 pack a day for 30 years +/-.

Even if your on it, and don&#039;t think its working, keep taking it why not. I smoked while on it until one day when I was lighting up and just didn&#039;t. I went the rest of the day without smoking. I then crushed what cigs I had left and was done.

I miss the dreams they were crazy awesome! As of now I am working on 2 years. Every once and a while I will kinda crave one but then I smell my co-workers right after they smoke and want to puke I can&#039;t believe I used to smell like that.

Just do it!"
"I started the medication on 4/6 weighing in at 242 and I must admit I have seen a tremendous difference after struggling with my weight over the past couple of years. I have been fortunate to not really experience any of the side effects due to me being proactive by taking something for acid reflex after seeing other reviews because I had it beforehand. I must say this is a very exciting weight loss journey; along with exercising and being moderate with my food intake I am down to 229. Hint:If you feel FULL!!!! stop eating this will eliminate the nausea feeling."
"I started using this medicine about a week ago and I&#039;ve already noticed significant changes in my skin. Prior to use I had a very bad breakout of acne all over my face small bumps and big ones. Now I have very very few bumps and also the scars left behind from old bumps is also beginning to clear up and lighten my complexion for a more even tone. The only downfall is the stinging that occurs sometimes along with minimal peeling but other than that it gets the job done and I&#039;m pleased with what I&#039;m seeing thus far. Hopefully it continues to eventually make me acne free."
"After total hip replacement, I&#039;ve been having severe muscle spasms in my lower back due to psoas muscle involuntary contractions. Have been on Norco 10mg for pain, which had no effect on spasms. Ortho surgeon gave me Robaxin 750 3x&#039;s per day and spasms are now rare and not severe when they do occur."
"I used this medication for 5 months. I started taking 30mg twice a day and the results were amazing! I have been off of it for 3 weeks and my skin still looks great. I used every cream, facewash and nothing ever worked for me. The side effects I had were very dry lips, rash on my arms, dry nose. I would highly recommend this medication. It really does clear your acne."
"I drank for years and years since I was 16 and this year my withdrawals started and I tried to stop but I didn&rsquo;t because of horrible horrible withdrawals and NHS decided to help me and I took Librium for 8 days and all my anxiety and withdrawals disappeared after one hour! 

It changed my life and I&rsquo;m so grateful to be given a second chance and I&rsquo;m only 25!"
"im a 55 y/o female who suffers from severe rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, and polyneuralgia. I had my first injection yesterday. The injection was a bit more of a sting than most shots and there was a brief period of pressure, but overall, not that painful. It may or may not be related to Euflexxa, but a couple hours later, I was curled up in bed in incredible inflammatory pain. I received the injection around 2:30 pm, the inflamed state began around 4:00 pm, but by 11:00 pm or so, I was feeling great! I didn&#039;t get to sleep until after 3:00 am, slept in to 10:00 am, and woke up a bit weak. After meds and a cup of soup, I was revived and ready to go! I ran my errands full of energy! It felt weird that I wasn&#039;t limping!"
"I absolutely loved Prozac. It helped me immensely! I noticed an extremely positive change in my mood and behavior after my body adjusted to the medication.

Friends and family were surprised to hear that I was even on medication because of how relaxed and happy my disposition became. I&#039;m happy I gave it a chance.

I built my way up to 60 mg a day for almost a year. However, my body has become used to it over time and I&#039;m having to change medications."
"I took Minocin in my late teens for about 5 years and from what I remember I never had a single outbreak or flare up while taking it.  Having said that, if I missed a few days meds the acne would break out. Though it never cleared my skin completely it most certainly helped."
"I was on Clarithromycin and Amoxillin (  proton pump inhibitor omeprazole) for a week (h.pylori). First four days felt like hell, then my body slightly adjusted to the poison and it was easier, also I found that I can relieve the horrible bitter sewage like taste in my mouth with a chewing gum. Once I took two Amoxillin 1000mg tablets instead of Amox. Clarithromycin, there were zero effects, while with clarithromycin added comes the horrible taste in mouth, dizziness and general ill feeling. I was dying few hours after taking my final dose of those antibiotics, had to call an ambulance, felt like my heart was stopping, they pumped me with something and I survived, one star above 1 because I can still write this review 2 days after last dose"
"I had Implanon inserted on 1/08 and it is the greatest birth control ever.  I have not had a period since then, very little in the way of mood swings, and no pregnancy.  I was very bad at taking the pills regularly, and the shot gave me migraines like no others I&#039;ve ever experienced. I do have acne now, and weight gain (but I would bet that&#039;s from other lifestyle changes also)."
"I have been taking Belsomra for about 2 months now; but, not every night. My doctor took me off Ambien, which had worked GREAT for me with no side effects. I&#039;ve found that Belsomra works sometimes and sometimes not. If I eat anything at all an hour or two before going to bed, (and I&#039;m talking a very light snack), this med will NOT put me to sleep. I lie there for hours in a kind of twilight sleep, not being able to totally drift off. The next day it feels as if I haven&#039;t slept at all. I cannot count on this med to help me sleep. It does work on some nights and I have not been able to find the trigger that makes it work some nights and others not? I&#039;m going to try it for a while longer; but, so far it&#039;s not worth the high price!"
"I got Nexplanon in Dec 2013. The insertion was painless and I only had a bruise for about a week. 2 weeks after I got it, I got my period which was super light and lasted for 10 days. It&#039;s almost Feb 2014 and I haven&#039;t gotten a period since. I love Nexplanon and highly recommend it! You don&#039;t have to worry about it for 3 years and it&#039;s the most reliable form of birth control. Love it!"
"I have had memory problems for several years. I have been on the same medication for mental issues at least 2 years.  I received my 1st shot of Stelara and it has been 3 weeks ago. I just wondered if this medication has been tested for other uses besides psoriasis? My memory is slowly coming back to me. And I would like to know if this could be due to Stelara? I Love this change in me and I think it&#039;s from the Stelara not to mention my psoriasis is great- in the week all my white scales went away.  Thanks"
"I have been on the NuvaRing for 2 years and I absolutely love it, I have no worries towards a pregnancy, it controlled my severe acne, but my attitude changed a bit (controllable), with intercourse I find myself dry as well as painful at the beginning but my partner doesn&#039;t notice it. I do notice it slips down when I&#039;m doing activities which can be annoying but overall it&#039;s the best form of birth control that fits my life."
"I started taking Cymbalta after my doctor prescribed 2 other medicines over the space of 8 months, they made me feel worse not better. I was so ill I was hospitalised at one stage.  It took Cymbalta quite a while-  about 2 months, to kick in noticably, however my depression was severe. The nausea was awful the first two weeks and dizziness lasted about a week with me. I am pretty sensitive to medications however. I have been on Cymbalta for almost two years- at a high dose (90mgs). I do find I am hot and sweaty (at times), I need a lot of sleep and have put on weight, (though HRT could have caused this). However these side-effects are a small price to pay to live a normal life and be free."
"My doctor put me on this because my nose gets stuffy when I lay down and they didn&#039;t want me using Afrin. I&#039;ve been on Flonase almost a week and I notice no difference. Sprayed each nostril every night....nose still stuffy. I can&#039;t sleep and it&#039;s going on 3am and I have to be up at 7. Nothing clears my nose as good as Afrin but it&#039;s bad for continuous use. So this stuff doesn&#039;t work."
"Definitely works but it did leave me with some acne that took awhile to heal and if I happened to miss a pill I would bleed for a few days until my body got back on track. I have been using it for about a year and just switched to monanessa in hopes of helping with my acne. All in all I did enjoy Chateal besides the spotting and mild mood swings."
"I HATED depo. Made me bleed soooo much I thought I was miscarrying. I suffered from extreme blood loss and am now on bed rest. Made me super moody, and I gained 20 pounds since starting in January. Switched to the patch, which has been soooo much better."
"My sweating is confined to my head and face. I must be the only one because the posts I&#039;ve read is under arms, feet and hands. So I went to my dermatologist. I wanted Hypercare but he opted for the slightly weaker medication Xerac to start. It really stung my forehead the first  time, I left it on for three hours and had to wipe it off my face. Scalp was okay. Next day head sweat cut by 75 % I&#039;d say. So last night it did not sting at all on my face. Left it on all night. Will see how I do today."
"First time using this. Doctor recommended I take the three pills because I really needed it..

I took three pills yesterday around lunch. It is now 9pm the following night and I am STILL in severe pain. I have had severe stomach cramps and chills since noon yesterday  And I feel like they are getting worse. I have had two natural childbirths with preeclampsia and having to be induced. I know pain. This is not as bad as child birth but it is close. I will NEVER take these again. I only wish I hadn&#039;t waited until I was sick to research side effects of this drug. 

I hope this ends soon because I am useless right now. Thank goodness its a 3 day weekend and my husband is here to help take care of our children. Pain is excruciating"
"I was prescribed this med for depression which is also effective at bedtime for sleep &amp; fibromyalgia pain.  The pain improved significantly and I felt more rested the next day.  A dry mouth is the main side effect that is noticeable.  This drug is very helpful."
"August 2013 and my experience with it has been both good and bad. The first month I did not have a period, then for the next six months I had a period every two weeks, now it&#039;s down to a period once a month. For pregnancy prevention its great, but not so great because of irregular periods."
"For anyone considering getting the Mirena PLEASE read reviews &amp; weigh out other options. My doctor suggested I try the Mirena as treatment for PCOS. This was by far the worst decision I have EVER made. Almost every side effect stated possible, I had. Hair loss (that still, 2  years later hasn&#039;t returned to it&#039;s thickness), pain in the pelvic area, back pain, leg pain, weight gain (25  pounds in the central area), mood swings, depression, fatigue and more. This shouldn&#039;t even be an option anymore. I highly advise you to choose another method."
"I started this on Thursday December 12th on 0.6. I am supposed to see how it goes for a week and than increase the dosage to 1.2. The doctor warned me of suppressed appetite and stomach pain/cramps. I feel both but the stomach pain is odd. It&#039;s more like I feel like my stomach has been filled with something and is trying to burst out. It is temporary discomfort though. I am set to increase the dosage on 12/19. I am also on Glumetza two 1000mg tablets a day and 1 Glimeride a day. Just from the first day of taking it my numbers went from nearly 400 to 182. I am hoping it gets lower as I&#039;m totally cutting out carbs. I do take cinnamon pills and drink a shot of Nopal juice in addition."
"I really enjoy Belviq. Its such a wonderful medication helps with appetite suppression. It has never been easier for me to loose weight."
"I have had on and off acne since I was a teenager, now 22, my acne became more hormonal on my cheeks.  I had tried everything, and decided to go to my doctor for a prescription. I was prescribed Stieva A 0.01%, and I am so happy!  I have only been on it for 7 days, but there has been a dramatic change already.  Over the first few days I had a breakout with the acne that had been under my skin, after they cleared up, I had a bit of drying (still do) but nothing too bad! I have also noticed that my skin feels a lot less oily, which I love! Will definitely continue, and can&#039;t wait to see results after a few months!
From what I have read online you are prone to breaking out at first, get through those first few days/weeks, results are worth it!"
"Hey gals! In a &#039;the heat of the moment&#039; situation, my boyfriend and I ended up having sex on May 25. He pulled out and wasn&#039;t in for long since it was both of our first times &amp; we&#039;re both in high school, but I was still freaking out. I took the morning after pill less than 12 hours afterwards. Then we ended up having a repeat of this situation May 30. So again, I took the pill. This time it was about 12 hours later though. I waited anxiously, but reading these reviews really helped me. I was sure I was pregnant. My periods irregular, so I wasn&#039;t sure when to expect it. I experienced cramps, moodiness, frequent urination, nausea, and fatigues. Now it&#039;s June 6th and I just got my period. Don&#039;t stress ladies, just let the pill do its job! :)"
"I was on Mononessa until the pharmacy changed their preferred generic to Sprintec. I never have acne and within days of taking the first pill I started breaking out. My period started 4-5 days before it was supposed to and I ended up having 10-11 day periods. On the previous pill I wasn&#039;t only having 5-6 day periods. This is the worst birth control experience I have ever had. I tried it for 3 months (mail order pharmacy sent 3 months worth) hoping it was just the first month, but instead I had 3 months of the longest periods of my life."
"IF YOU HATE YOURSELF &amp; YOUR VAGINA USE THIS... IF NOT DO NOT PURCHASE THIS. I knew I had a yeast infection but was too lazy to go to the doctors &amp; figured I would give Monistat 3 day a go... WORST idea ever. Yesterday was night one and 2 minutes after inserting the suppository my vagina was on fire (the only way i can describe it is like having poison ivy and red ants in your lady parts). Had a script called in for me &amp; the doctor recommended I finish out the Monistat because I apparently have a &quot;really bad YI&quot;. Night 2 is tonight and is just as bad as last night. I WILL NOT BE DOING THIS A 3RD NIGHT. All of the responses to this are spot on. Learn from everyone elses mistakes!!!!!!!"
"My mother started taking Tarceva after being diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. So far she is doing okay - very chilled and developed a rash on her face which they say is not uncommon. Took her off of it for a few days to clear up the rash and hopefully she can continue. Her cancer travelled to her brain so we had a few more set backs but they tell us Tarceva has been known to help the brain in some cases just praying for the best."
"I would not do without it.  It has helped me now for over 3 years along with Tramadol. I can hardly walk in the mornings but after I take my medicines I can walk, run, dance, etc. Like I said, I need the Celebrex in my life or I&#039;m no good."
"I went on bc to control my emotional balance and heavy cramping for my period. This bc did that. It made my emotions better. I was less of a mess but it came with a price. Extreme gastrointestinal issues. So bad. I leave for college in 8 days and I am stopping this pill because I can not be dealing with constant diarrhea at school. My first week of this pill I had major cramping, it went away but I&#039;ve been bleeding non stop. I also lost 3 lbs. I&#039;m a very slim female at 5&#039;3 and roughly 92 lbs normally. I am now 88 lbs. my breasts have grown considerably fuller but at this price? I&#039;d rather be flat chested again.
It&#039;s a no from me"
"I took a dosepack and it did not cure my sumac. I was prescibed another dosepack. It cleared my sumac symptoms.  I got Diebetis and dry mouth and I am still suffering 2 months later .
I will not take this drug again . I think the medical INDUSTRY is not sane.  Check the commercials on TV   you have your answer"
"I suffer from sever depression, severe anxiety, sever pain due to several other medical conditions and life itself. Been taking this for about 3 months and things are a lot less stressful. I can handle light social situations again. Im actually able to sleep all night again. This combined with my fleet of other meds I&#039;m able to function a lot more. Ive been on the usual xanax and what not, those were fun but long term didn&#039;t work for me (i grew up yay) Need more meds like this on the market."
"I got Implanon in November of 2010 and have had if for 6 months now. So far I love it. I haven&#039;t had a period in about 3 months, although I still get some mild cramping and moodiness. I was on the pill for about a year prior to getting Implanon and it made me miserable so I was glad when someone suggested Implanon. The only thing that bothers me about it is the location in my arm because I constantly hit it at work on accident and it causes a little pain sometimes. Also I do have a small scar where they inserted it."
"I got my Skyla IUD 5 months ago. I am 18 and have never had a child. I liked the idea of the IUD because I didn&#039;t have to remember to take it, it was there for three years, it was the most effective, and because there was an option to have an IUD without hormones. I struggle with depression and anxiety and I was afraid that hormonal birth control would only make matters worse. However, because of all of the terrible period stories I had heard about it, at the last minute I had my OBGYN switch to Skyla. The insertion did not take long at all and amid horror stories, the pain wasn&#039;t unbearable. It didn&#039;t feel great, but it was well worth it. If the fear of insertion is what drives you away from this option, don&#039;t let that happen! Before my IUD my periods were like clockwork, every four weeks, five days, no cramps- perfect. Afterward, I still don&#039;t get cramps, some periods have been really light, but I have had a period that was over a week late and one that was two weeks long. This is to be expected in the first few months. I do not believe that it has had any influence on my depression/anxiety, at least not monumental. I haven&#039;t gained weight, lost my sex drive or any other negative symptoms. My partner has finished inside of me multiple times and nothing has happened. Also, he cannot feel the strings. I would highly recommend this form of birth control, I understand every body is different, but if you&#039;re spending hours reading horror stories like I was, don&#039;t let that stop you."
"The Necon 1/35 works great for my endometrieosis . In conjunction with the laparoscopy that I had it has really kept the severe pains away. Now all I feel during menstruation is discomfort. And my periods are extremely light. No more heavy pads and 7 day long cycles. My cycles have been longest 3 days and only require a liner. 

On the negative side..... I HAD clear porcelain skin. From the very first day of the pill I began getting 3 little bumps between my eyes. After 3 months my face looks like a pizza pie with every single topping on it. I have a breakout on every section of my face.

Like another reviewer stated, I also gained 10lbs. But like her I am (was) underweight so I definitely don&#039;t mind."
"I am actually surprised to read all the bad reviews on here, because I&#039;ve never used a better pill. I still haven&#039;t gotten my period post-partum since I&#039;m still breastfeeding. So, the reduced hormones may be why I&#039;m having a good experience.  Since being on this pill, my sex drive is through the roof (which my husband is so thrilled with), I don&#039;t have emotional highs/lows (and it may even be blunting my affect bc I don&#039;t really get sad at all anymore), and my skin looks great. I do have slight nausea about 2 hours after I take the pill each night. But that&#039;s totally worth it to me. My experience may change when my period finally comes back, but for now, I&#039;m in love with the mini-pill."
"Please don&#039;t be afraid to try this! I&#039;m 36 with no children, had to come off pill for health reasons.  Dr said it was great for women my age.  I was scared to death from all these reviews.  But I gave it a try.  Yes, insertion was terribly painful (and I&#039;m a tough cookie), after a few hours of cramping, my ibuprofen did the job and I felt better. Had a sore back the next day and thats been it. No bleeding (insertion during my cycle) since.  I&#039;ve been working out and actually have started to lose weight.  No acne or moodiness, although its only been a week.  Please give it a try and enjoy your built in birth control."
"I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for about 2 weeks and I feel amazing! Not only has my anxiety decreased but my mood swings have also decreased. I&#039;m experiencing some night sweats but that&#039;s nothing compared to the anxiety attacks I was having before. I&#039;ve also noticed that I have little desire to smoke cigarettes and no desire to drink anymore. Lexapro has given me my life back! Taking for depression due to Bipolar."
"I have taken Tramadol as prescribed by my doctor for a little over 2 years. It works 100% for my restless legs syndrome. The only downside to this medication is the withdrawal symptoms when you stop. You have twice as bad the problem of restlessness than you had in the first place. The doctor gave me Clonidine and that really helped with the withdrawal problems."
"I have been on Effexor for about 6 months now. I was prescribed it for anxiety and social anxiety. My social anxiety is basically gone. I still get a little bit of anxiety but it is way better than it used to be. However, if I forget to take it I get very bad withdraw symptoms. But, I consider it worth it."
"First night had crazy dreams.  Couldn&#039;t settle in.  Next day nauseous all day.  Worse than flu symptoms.  I will never take again."
"I have been taking 300mg for a few weeks now and I have to say this medication has definitely improved my quality of life. Such a big change from when I was trying Zoloft, Celexa, Lexapro, etc. Wellbutrin XL helps control my gloominess, anxiety, and even my appetite. I am more motivated to do things during the day. The biggest side effect for me right now is that I am more snappy and aggressive when I get angry, hopefully that will subside."
"I&#039;m 18 and I&#039;ve had Implanon for 3 months and haven&#039;t stopped bleeding! At first everything was great but I notice now how much it is affecting me. I cannot get aroused, have vaginal dryness, abdominal pain, and mood swings. It is affecting my marriage. I&#039;m getting it taken out. The only good things were it helped my acne and I didn&#039;t gain any weight."
"I am currently taking the last of my second pack and I feel like my sex drive has been lost... I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s this particular brand or not, but ever since I started taking it, I have felt no desire for sex.  I am soon going to consult with my doctor to switch,  Also, it gives you your period for a week which I do not like.. Had pretty heavy bleeding my first period, guessing I&#039;ll have the same with my next cycle.  It works differently on everyone, but for me, it doesn&#039;t seem to be the right choice."
"I have been drinking heavily for the past couple of years now, and on most occasions 7 days a week. This was built up of a number of things, but the one thing I blamed the most was the stress at work. After speaking to my psychiatrist, and explained to him the level of drinking I was consuming, he suggested I use Campral. I was drinking approximately 2-3 bottles of either white or red wine each afternoon after work, and smoking about 20 ciggies during this time, however as of 6 days ago I have only drank once,(No smokes) and Campral seems to be working. For me it just help the slow down the urge to drink as frequently. If you do decide to drink while on Campral, look out for the hangover, it somehow makes you feel worse 10 fold."
"No side effects"
"I wanted to share my experience on here as I found comfort at looking at the reviews at a time of panic myself. I did not experience the side effects until a week after I had taken the pill. I experienced stomach pains, diarrhoea, fatigue and spotting. I read online that spotting was a sign of pregnancy so I was panicking! I was on holiday at this time so unfortunately it did damper my mood while I was on holiday a little. I was reading so many forums, researching the effectiveness of the pill, researching symptoms of pregnancy, etc etc, making myself so stressed out. I was losing so much sleep over it. Finally, my period came a week late, but I was so relieved! Have faith in the pill ladies :)"
"It was tough at first. I was constantly dizzy, nauseated and just not feeling the best. Driving was the worst. It took a very long time to get over those side effects and still feel some to this day. I&#039;ve been on Contrave for over a year now. Supposedly, there is mild antidepressant in this mediation. It might just be in my head but I do notice my mood change for the worst when I miss doses. Also, I have absolutely no desire to smoke anymore.  I used to love smoking especially when I drank, but after finally getting my body adjusted to this medication, I can&#039;t even stand the smell of smoke. 

You have to use the medication exactly as directed or it won&#039;t work. It doesn&#039;t make you not hungry, you just eat less."
"My Grandson was diagnosed with ADHD two years ago when he was 7. We started him in councelling and they recommended we try medication. I resisted not knowing much about ADHD.  They tried him on a couple of different medicines (without success) before we tried Vyvanse the first dose 30mg did show a vast improvement but it didn&#039;t last long. We increased the doses several times before reaching his current dose of 60mg.  Like the others have stated he has loss of appetite and trouble going to sleep. They continually monitor his weight and take blood samples to make sure there is no harm to liver and kidneys. He still has occasional meltdowns which we have learned to recognize. In school he has gone from impulsive to compulsive but again it runs in spurts."
"I have moderate acne and its really annoying to be honest. I tried everything from over the counter medicines like Clearasil scrub and wipes, Oxyface wash, tea tree oil, clean and clear and none of improved and to be honest it made it worse. So then I went to the doctor and he prescribed me Duac, Zineryt, tetracycline and Differin. The Duac I was prescribed with 2 years ago and it cleared my acne up for about 20 months but then they come back again, so I went to the dermatologist he prescribed me Accutane 30mgs and 20mgs prednisone after 1 month there were little improvement but then it got really bad. I&#039;m currently on months 3 and its still bad. I&#039;ve had my dose moved up to 60mgs. I hope it works I finish my course next month."
"I was having very bad drainage, kept coughing nonstop, nasal drip, no energy, and headache. I went to the doctor and was prescribed Sudafed,amoxicillin,and this. The Sudafed and the amoxicillin  have worked but this not at all. I am still coughing and if anything I think it&#039;s gotten worse.  I can&#039;t sleep because I am coughing so bad and I am noworking to the point where coughing has turned my throat red. This may work for some but has not done ANYTHING for me. I wasted $29 on a prescription that doesn&#039;t work. Not happy."
"I first started using minocycline when my rosacea got so bad it was affecting my eyes. This cleared it up in a few days. About a year ago I stopped using minocycline and yes, the rosacea came back. So I started it again and in 5 days the rosacea was totally cleared up again. I&#039;ve noticed no side effects whatsoever. It really works for me."
"I had Implanon inserted in Summer 2009. I bled almost constantly for the first 3 months, and I almost gave up. I also noticed that I would get headaches if I didn&#039;t eat a good breakfast. The headaches stopped when the long bleeding stopped. My acne is a little harder to control now that I&#039;m on Implanon, but its not bad. Now I have light, 3-4 day periods, usually more than a month apart. No weight gain, I&#039;ve been skinny my whole life though. No need to use a condom! My long term boyfriend and I really like Implanon, it really is a &#039;no worries&#039; method for us."
"I am reading different ADHD meds affect ppl differently. I see ppl posting that the same mgs meds from different manufacturers have varying potency. I was an ADHD child. I am now 56 y/o. I started taking Concerta (long acting ritalin) 56 mg from 2007 to 2014, then a new dr wouldn&#039;t prescribe it for me in 2014. It was a miracle drug. It gave me energy, strength, focus, avid concentration, a positive mood, goals and hope. Now, I have been off ADHD meds for 2 yrs. I gave it time to see if I could get better without it. It&#039;s getting worse. I stay in bed, don&#039;t shower, no motivation. Drs fear addiction &#039;coz of my age. I can&#039;t go on as a vegetable. Off the meds I grind my teeth like mad. I am gnashing my teeth from aggravation and lack of focus."
"I have been on MS-Contin for 15 years.  In that time, only one dose increase!  I take 2x60 mg daily.  Every 2-3 months, my doc changes medicine.  I used to be able to get Opana, 40 mg 2x per day, and it worked great!  Even better was Efalgo, 16 mg 3 x per day.  2 in the morning, one at night.  Now, insurance will not pay for either.  The only medicine I can tolerate is Opana, 80 2x per day, and they really don&#039;t work well.  It is so frustrating that the medicine that is the hardest to tamper with, Efalgo, is the hardest to get and most expensive! If I don&#039;t switch every few months, I build up a tolerance. I suffer from degenerative disc disease in my lower back, arthritis etc."
"I went to the doctor because I was having anxiety/stress issues. I was getting along with any of my co-workers, I was crying at work for no reason, and I just wasn&#039;t myself. I had never taken any prescription medicine before Zoloft. My doctor said she thought I had anxiety, and maybe depression. I was prescribed 50mg Zoloft to start for a few weeks. I was supposed to move up to 100mg, but the 50mg are doing just fine. I have been on Zoloft for about three months now, and I do no have any side effects, nor did I when I first started. I was also prescribed Xanax as needed, but I haven&#039;t even had to take any since I started the Zoloft."
"This medicine has changed my life.  I suffer from rapid cycling bipolar.  My up and down mood swings had been well controlled with valproic acid but I was left with spontaneous crying jags.  It was so frustrated to be completely unable to control my outward emotional appearance.  It&#039;s hard to be taken seriously at work or find a new job if I look like I&#039;m having a total breakdown.  Internally of course I know this will be over in minutes and I don&#039;t feel any emotion about it at all except intense embarrassment.  I found I started to avoid situations I couldn&#039;t predict.  After about two weeks on this medication twice a day, my crying stopped.  I feel like a new person.  I am so much more confident about going about my daily life."
"I&#039;m a Dutch veteran, I&#039;ve been to Lebanon in &#039;82/&#039;83 and this year after a violent attack in my house, everything was changed and I had aggressive outbursts. After the police came the psychiatrist and I was diagnosed with PTSS. Now I&#039;m using 75/100 quetiapine and it really makes a difference. Instead of almost no sleep, I&#039;m sleaping now 4 to 6 hours a night.
I&#039;m a little bith sheaky the few hours in the morning but I can control my moods and thoughts much better now."
"I suffer from moderate acne exacerbated by dermatillomania (skin picking). This product has been the most effective treatment I have used.  Since I&#039;m 52 that means I&#039;ve tried almost every prescription or OTC product.
My skin has healed and have no further breakouts."
"In 2009 after 6 rounds of RCHOP chemo, then BCNU chemo in the hospital, a bone marrow transplant, I had 3 years of remission. In Oct. 2012, rediagnosed out of remission, started on 6 rounds of bendamustine and Rituxan. The 6th month was skipped due to a low WBC of 2.4. I will continue on Rituxan for maintenance. I began my journey at stage 4E. I was rediagnosed after a fall in May, and was back to stage 4 by October 2012, so the combination of bendamustine and Rituxan have done good. I will receive Rituxan every 3 months or sooner as a precautionary measure."
"I am 18 years old and have been on this birth control (only birth control I&#039;ve ever taken) since January of 2015. My first few months were pretty good. I had mood swings of course, regular periods, very mild cramps and headaches (which I usually get every now and then with a period). But in march of 2015 I had a very light period, and haven&#039;t had one since. Yes, I&#039;m regularly sexually active, I&#039;ve have the same boyfriend for the past three years and we&#039;ve never used any protection until I got on the pill. I take my pill regularly everyday around the same time and yet, I&#039;ve still had no period. I took a pregency test and it came back negative, any suggestions on what may be going on? Are other females having this same problem?"
"I have been taking birth control pills for 7 years now. Was on Tri-Sprintec for most of that time and my breasts would get really sore once a month, so the doctor switched me to Levora. I had no problems with Levora. However, for the past 4 months, the pharmacist switched me to Portia and I have horrible breakouts one week a month. Kind of embarrassing when you&#039;re 27. To make matters worse, I have had perfect skin my entire life up until this point. That was the one thing I have always received compliments on, so it&#039;s especially heartbreaking to now go through this. I need to switch ASAP."
"It has been great. Works a treat."
"Any drug can get a bad wrap because of some people abusing it. A lot of doctors don&#039;t even like prescribing Xanax because they don&#039;t want their patients getting &quot;hooked&quot;. For me, I suffer from occasional anxiety attacks, and my prescription is &quot;as needed&quot;. Anxiety attacks can be VERY scary. There were a few times I literally thought I was gonna die, it was that bad. I even went to the ER once because I believed I was having a heart attack. They are different for different people. I use to smoke and drink a lot of coffee, so I think that&#039;s what screwed up my body chemistry. I don&#039;t drink caffeine or smoke anymore. All I know is that now that I have my Alprazolam (Xanax) in my pocket, I&#039;m not as scared to go places. I can live my life again."
"I was experiencing a stomach bug not too long ago that was making me constantly vomit. I was vomiting so much the whole entire day I became very dehydrated and the nausea was only getting worse. I was miserable! My advice nurse prescribed me this medication and within 10 minutes of taking it the nausea went away and I was able to get some food and fluids in my body without vomiting it back up. This was my life saver!"
"I have Major Depressive Disoder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. I&#039;ve taken Zoloft, Paxil, Citalopram. I&#039;m currently taking Wellbutrin 300XL, Cipralex 25mg. Cipralex only got me out of suicidal thoughts, but Wellbutrin healed my brain. When my psychiatrist first prescribed it to me, I couldn&#039;t afford it so I didn&#039;t fill my prescription. When she found out, she gave me some samples. Within a week I got motivation. I had forgotten how it felt to want to do things. My thoughts were more cheerful. I was able to laugh and joke. My PTSD paranoia went down. I began walking, quit smoking, went back to work, traveled, and met the love of my life. It made Me me again! I&#039;m still taking it and will for as long as my brain needs it."
"I had high hopes for this medicines. I was suicidal and eventually broke down and told my psychologist. For the recovery process, I had my heart set on the combination of Effexor (venlafaxine) and Seroquel (quietapine) as I know these both work effectively in my system. Now wasn&#039;t the time to play about with a new medication but of course the psychiatrist knows best... am I right? Well, 7 days in and it&#039;s completely wiped out my cognition. I&#039;m normally a good driver and for several years I&#039;ve had no real issues, but within half an hour of driving today I nearly caused two accidents. I am so annoyed with the psychiatrist... they think they know everything but know so little about the medication they prescribe."
"I have been on this pill twice now. The first time I was in it I used it for 6 months and my doctor decided to take me off of it for some time because I began having breakthrough bleeding and periods as long as if not longer than before I was on the pill and just as painful. After some time on anther pill my doctor reccomended that I go back on it and see how things went the second time around. I have been on it for 6 more months and nothing has changed since the last time. The first few periods were fine and like normal without the pill but again I began to bleed randomly and the pain became worse as well as my normal periods lengthening and becoming heavier."
"Linzess 145mcg gave me explosive diarrhea for hours.  I thought I must have eaten something bad so I waited a day and took Linzess again and about 2 1/2 hours later it happened again and lasted 5 hours.  Obviously not for me.  I strongly suggest you&#039;re at home the first time you take this just in case."
"i had this in under duress whilst having camera n biopsy..within 24hours i had headaches felt hot and flushed...over 4 days i felt really bloated and down...haf it took out after 6 days and instantly felt better"
"It didnt seem to help me"
"So far I have found this drug great. I&#039;ve taken many anti depressants since I was 16 ( now 33) and just was diagnosed with bipolar. Feeling much more energy at times I don&#039;t know what to do so I workout"
"I am on 30 mg of Abilify plus Trazodone and Wellbutrin and have to say this combination seems to be what works best for me. I don&#039;t feel drugged up but able to function day to day at work and with my family. I experience no side effects with Abilify except possibly some hair loss (but it looks like most if not all those type of drugs do that). Other than that I am grateful this helps."
"I had Mirena put in in January of 2015 and I have an appointment to get it taken out next week. I&#039;m really upset that this didn&#039;t work for me. I have always used the pill but after a while I decided to try something new. The insertion was pretty simple and it didn&#039;t hurt that much. The cramping was very mild. After a few months I still felt really crampy but I held out hope that it would subside. It never did. I&#039;m a fairly active person; going to the gym at least 4 times per week and I still managed to gain 35 pounds since the insertion. I also would get crippling migraines, mood swings that lead to serious bouts of depression, my sex drive is pretty much nonexistent. Mirena has been extremely effective the side effects were just too much."
"I have moderate to severe pain from a reaction to a medication. I wear a 100 &amp; a 25 Fentanyl patch. After trying several places I found the patches stay best on my derri"
"I have been on Lexapro for almost 5 months now and I am doing great. It has really helped a lot. I don&#039;t have the negative thoughts like I did and I can actually have positive thoughts. The only downside that I see is the drowsiness. But I am super sensitive when it comes to medicines that &quot;can cause drowsiness&quot;. I can function but I go around yawning a lot. That is getting better though. I have tried taking it before bed to see if that would help."
"Went to the doctor yesterday afternoon and was diagnosed with the flu (after 24 hours of symptoms).  I woke up today tired, with an 80% improvement in body aches and almost no fever.  Congestion is still an issue but not the epic disaster I experienced with the flu years ago.  The only side-effect I experienced was increased frequency of bowel movements.  In all, I would say this medication is pretty good.  Feels like the manufacturer got this one right!"
"I took adipex first week of Feb 2015 wasn&#039;t really tracking the dates of how long it took for my weight to drop but it was super quick. My starting  weighed was 220 by March I was 189 and as of today October 15 2015 I weight 167. I&#039;m so happy but now I want an flat stomach so thats my next step. pants size was 16 now I can fit 9/10 11/12 so my goal is to have a flat stomach"
"I love the Implanon. I did have irregular bleeding the first 6 months but after that it&#039;s been normal. Once a month. I&#039;ve had it for 2 years now. No problems, no weight gain. I&#039;ve had mood swings but I don&#039;t blame this, I&#039;m already bipolar anyways. I forget the pills and this was the best option for me. Would recommend this to anyone."
"Valium worked wonders for me when I realized that my anxiety had been making me a shut-in with a low quality of life. Aside from developing an insatiable appetite at first, it seemed like a miracle. Example: I took a Valium before flying and could not find my luggage in baggage claim. Previously, I would have been shaking, crying and sweating. Instead, I confidently walked over to customer service and learned that my bag will come when the next flight arrives. Self-inflicted meltdown averted.

It&#039;s long half-life, however, can be a blessing and bad. It lasts practically all day, but that also means it makes me a bit drowsy and lazy all day as well."
"I have been on Latuda 80mg for 10 months now and can honestly say that it has changed my life. The first few weeks of adjusting to the medication was awful - I couldn&#039;t work and the nausea and headaches were out of this world. However now I feel as feel as good as new. It has stopped my hallucinations and has kept me balanced. It does make me very sedate after taking it so I only take it right before bedtime."
"My 9 yr old son who has ADHD and ODD has been on Focalin XR for roughly 5 months now after going through 3 other different medicines for his ADHD that produced a lot of side effects. He dropped down to 42 lbs. VERY SCARY, and he would refuse to eat, period. He also takes 1 mg of Risperdal at night.
He has a very high tolerance and is given 40 mg of Focalin XR daily. This is the only drug I have found that does not affect his appetite. He eats non stop when he gets home from school until he goes to bed at night. It has calmed him down  but it seems to wear off after 6 hours. Other than that, this medication is GREAT and I will continue to give it to my son."
"Tried 3 times with 40 mcg dose, once in doctor office. Absolutely NO results, but really big pain and discomfort. Have lower back pain, testicular pain, injection site pain and overall serious discomfort.
Have to take oral pain medication to relieve the seriousness of the pain, and will not use this.
Will re-visit my urologist again and let him know the torture this is causing, and I have a very high pain threshold.
"
"I&#039;m a 46 y.o. female and have been taking Vyvanse for approximately 3 months. I started out on 50mg in the morning and it worked great by giving me energy and completing projects. However, I would get tired after 8 hours. After 1 month of taking 50mg x1 a day my doctor switched me to 30mg twice daily to prevent that tired feeling after 8 hours. After 2 months of taking 30mg x2 a day I&#039;m tired a lot and seemed to have already built up a resistance to it. Maybe I just need to increase the dose, not sure. This medicine worked great at first for ADHD and I&#039;m hoping I can increase the dose and feel energetic and focused again. The side effects I have experienced are, weight loss (13lbs) the first month but gained 8 lbs back, and have bad breath."
"My doctor put me on the 24s twice a day with meal. Despite always taking it correctly, it always gives me unbearable nausea and occasionally diarrhea. For me personally the side effects make this medication very unbearable. However, I gave it a decent rating because it certainly gets things moving along. The first day I took it I passed stool 5 times which seemed excessive. Overall, it&#039;s up to you to decide if you feel better or worse after taking it."
"I have several issues on my L spine it&#039;s hard to deal with the pain from day today and Lyrica has helped me get through some of the pain but not all of it. One day I&#039;ll be able to be pain-free if the surgery helps me I&#039;m up to 200 mg of the Lyrica  two times a day.  My doctor says that if I do have surgery he will not let me return to my job my job consists of working 12 hours shifts on my feet all of the 12 hours I make bread bags for a company and it&#039;s a very difficult job but also helps me relieve my mind from the pain.  I&#039;ll be going to my surgeon  to get my neck surgery times two to see my L spine MRIs to see what he thinks I do not want to have the surgery I would like to wait until I retire.  I have   Sciatica in both legs and Lyrica his help to me somewhat does anybody else go through this pain"
"I have horrible pain in my neck from car accident injury. I have not had anything the works like Flector Patches. I tried anti-inflammatory pills but barely noticed any help from them. I tried Lidocaine Pain Patches and it didn&#039;t touch the pain at all I suppose because the wound in my neck is too deep for the lidocaine to get to...but the Flector Patches are my &quot;wonder&quot; patch!! They are amazing and I just simply could not survive a day without them. 
They are crazy expensive and I have to fight tooth and nail to keep them but they are worth the fight!!"
"the only manufacturer of this is not currently shipping the drug although their customer service says they will at some unspecified date.  All customers should contact them, and ask them to prioritize putting this prescription back in the supply chain so those of us who rely on it can leave the house without fear of an &quot;accident&quot;."
"I am 62 and this was my 6th colonoscopy. I have to say this was the best prep so far. I had this done at 7 this morning. I took the prep at 4 pm yesterday and by 5 I was finished the 1st round. No cramping, no nausea. I paid attention to not eating raw fruits, vegetables and nuts 3 days prior.  At 9 pm I did the 2nd round. I was in bed by 11 and woke up once in the middle of the night one time .  The taste isn&#039;t great I found the cold water and a little lemon helped. It&#039;s a little pricey but worth it. Ask the Dr for a coupon. By the way I had nothing to eat all day yesterday and I think that worked for the better."
"Made me sooooo tired, but still also was able to make my anxiety spike, but worse by far is I LOST 80% OF MY ONCE BEAUTIFUL HAIR!"
"I had really bad breakouts going into college. I took Solodyn paired with a topical called Ziana. I was really skeptical because I didn&#039;t notice any changes in the first 4-6 week trial period, but it really helped me clear up after about 3 months. I&#039;m mostly left with blemishes now which have not really improved since my breakouts stopped. I&#039;ve been on Solodyn for six months now, but I think I&#039;m going to stop because my acne feels controlled."
"I have been on qsymia since 12/2015 and it has been 6 months now. I have polysystic ovarian syndrome and have tried pretty much everything to lose weight without success for the last 7 years. My doctor recommended this medication and it has been the only thing to ever help. Even with it I still lost slowly, at a little over 4 lbs a month 25 lb total but it has changed my life. I no longer count every calorie or carb that goes in my mouth or have to work out for 2 hours a day. I eat everything in moderation and don&#039;t really think about food. I really loved this medication, until I noticed a lot of hair falling out and starting researching online. I&#039;ve lost about 1/3 of my hair&amp;now have to stop qsymia only 20lbs from my goal. So be careful!"
"It truly works great! I am so happy that my doctor prescribed it for me for my insomnia."
"Meloxicam worked great for my knees for about 4 years. As my arthritis worsened, it didn&#039;t work as well. About 3 months ago, I was getting no relief from it. I think it&#039;s a good medication for milder pain levels. I experienced no side effects."
"Very effective at eliminating allergies, but will keep you awake all night long.  I took the 24 hour one in the early morning 7:30 am and laid in bed for 5 hours before I could fall asleep."
"I got switched to this because I get auras with my migraines.  It gave me menstrual migraines, and periods every other week. My periods were heavier, longer and a lot more painful.  I don&#039;t really have PMS, but on this drug, I get mood swings, painful constipation, acne and a sore genital tract.  The menstrual migraines went away after three months, the first month the period pain went away.  
Over the course of 18 months, my vaginal discharge disappeared.  It made sex so painful that it&#039;s impossible.  It also cause stress incontinence.  I&#039;ve been off it for six months and the lack of discharge still a problem because I&#039;m apparently not allowed to have any type of estrogen."
"I had horrible nightmares and intermittent sleep. Very frustrated. Woke up tired."
"I&#039;ve been on Sertraline for 5 months now I started out at 50mg and it seemed to be ok my anxiety attacks were becoming far less and I was a lot happier then about 3 months later I found I was having panic attacks again and now for the last month I&#039;ve been on 100mg my mood is so bad it&#039;s affecting my relationship and I always just feel down and worthless I&#039;m going back to the doctor soon to hopefully sort it out"
"I have had positive experience with Miralax, but I&#039;m not supposed to use that long term. I tried Linzess for 2 weeks. I wound up with constipation, hemorrhoids, blood, and pain. Not fun! I&#039;m back with what works for me. Linzess was a waste of my time. I&#039;m now gun shy to try anything else."
"I had to take it out after only 3 days. Just the following morning after insertion it gave me a 5-minute long painful muscle spasm in the back. The pain wouldn&#039;t go away even after a few days, and it spread further down my back. I can see how it can be useful for some, but it&#039;s not for me."
"I am Bipolar II and cycle on hypo-manic to manic. I am on 250mg x 2 night and 1 x morning.  I was placed on 200mg x 2 Lamictal and reduced my seroquel to 75mg at the night. It seems I have been able to focus more and be motivated and lost 45lbs in the process that I had built up over 3 years. I place this down to sugar cravings from my morning dose. No major side effects in me."
"I take this medicine for urinary tract infections during pregnancy.  I am on it now again for the third time.  Take twice a day for seven days.  The side effect I get comes right after the first pill.  I get flu like symptoms: sore joints, chills, sleepiness and extreme weakness.  However, no fever.  Took one Tylenol and sweated it out while sleeping woke up better.  But, this medicine works really well after the first dosage."
"I&#039;ve been taking aviane for about a year. Cleared up my acne within a month or two; I don&#039;t get any cystic acne anymore. It&#039;s a relief. I don&#039;t get any side effects and it definitely evens out my mood."
"Well I started taking Claravis on August 2008. I noticed for the first two months of being on the medication my face got worse with acne. But on the third month, my face started to clear up and it stayed clear. For once I had normal skin. Scars were the only thing left. I finished my treatment on Janurary 2009. I spent almost all year being acne free, but it has comeback! My brother also took Claravis, and his story is the same as mine. My brother has currently just got back on to Claravis. I will be doing the same, and hoping we wont have acne again because it&#039;s really expensive to get on that medication.

Side Effects: Extreme Dry Lips. And that was it. 

My advice, take Claravis its worth it, even if its just a year of being acne free."
"Had this for 1 week now. Experienced some bruising and discomfort at the incision site, but that has now settled. No further problems except a slight breakout of acne but I have bad skin anyway. Have not used this as birth control yet, as I was advised by the nurse to wait 7 days before I used it, so yet to review that."
"I had been so horribly backed up that I coild feel the skin on my stomach stretching. I tried taking herbal colon cleanse pills in hopes that it would help, but after 4 days of zero bowel movements I decided to turn to Magnesium Citrate. I took 10oz first thing in the morning on an empty stomach followed by a liter of water. 30 minutes later it kicked in. For about an hour and a half I also had nausea and stomach cramps. Once things started moving more it went away.  Like another reviewer said, this will make you pee out of your butt. If you are looking to be cleaned out and immediate constipation relief, I highly recommend this product."
"Took away hot flashes, but drowsy during the day. I just started this medicine 5 days ago. I hope that side effect leaves, it&#039;s like walking in a fog."
"It is very good no side effects. I&#039;ve been on Depo and Mirena both of which I do not recommend but Lessina no acne, nothing. You might get moody and as long you work out you won&#039;t gain or take the pills early mornings."
"I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in 3rd grade and went through just about every medication. I have anxiety and some medications really made it worse. Now 18 and in college and I&#039;ve been on adderal 20mg extended release for 3 years and every once in a while I take a &quot;tolerance break&quot; taking a break from it really does help when you go back to us using it. Take it early in the day or else you will most likely be awake until late hours of the night"
"I talked to my doctor about Belviq and got a prescription last week. So far I have lost 4 pounds and feel great. It&#039;s like I am suddenly motivated to lose weight. I think as the weight comes off exercising will become easier. I am tolerating the medication without side effects. I noticed no appetite for food and a boost in energy without the nervousness I felt with some of the over the counter products I used to take. I have told my friends and family about Belviq."
"I&#039;ve had periods of insomnia for most of my life, they worsen when I am anxious/depressed. I started to take this about four months ago and I have been very happy with the results. I take it at night, about 1.5 hours before I want to sleep, sometimes two hours depending on how much coffee I have had during the day or how anxious I am feeling. This medication does not &#039;zonk&#039; me out like most sleeping pills (it is not a sleeping pill), but my doctor thought it would work well for me without the side effects. I really never have any side effects unless I take the med too late, and then I find it a bit hard to get out of bed). I think it helps with my anxiety too, maybe that is because I am sleeping better. I take cipralex during too."
"Had the worst sinus infection of my life and couldn&#039;t sleep for 2 days. my sinuses felt like concrete. After 2 days on Augmentin I finally felt relief. It took 7 days to completely get rid of the infection. No side effects, maybe because I&#039;m 6 ft 7 and weigh 260 lbs and had more body mass."
"Valium has been a lifesaver for me, I probably wouldn&#039;t be here without it. I suffer from severe anxiety, panic disorder and clinical depression. This has got me through some very bad times when I thought I was dying and couldn&#039;t cope. I take 10mg during bad spells and it gets me through."
"Sooooooo sick that&#039;s my main issue with this medicine I throw up daily, and I&#039;m constipated. I&#039;ve lost 12 pounds in less than 2 weeks. Started at 286 now 274 in 1.5 weeks. No diet or exercise happening. I sleep nonstop, have no energy, I&#039;m always thirsty and dehydrated.  Plus side I&#039;m never hungry, and I lost weight quickly.  I don&#039;t know if I&#039;ll be able to continue if the side effects are unyielding."
"Had IUD inserted on 2/14 while on my period and it hurt a ton. Period immediately disappeared, to extremely light spotting and then left all together after having it only 2 days (usually 5). I do not feel the IUD at all and I really like it. However, I have noticed that my skin is acting up and that was never an issue for me (used ACV and got it under control). Also, I just got what was supposed to be my period, but only spotted for 10 days, no regular period ever came. Not sure how I feel about the 10 days but my periods before were TERRIBLE so I&#039;m happy that&#039;s gone. I had tried the depo shot, 3 different pills and the pullout method prior to this and this is by far the best one. Take ibuprofen before insertion and you&#039;ll be ok."
"Been taking this pill for 7 months and no change in blood sugar tests."
"I have been on Savella for 5 weeks now. I could feel a difference almost immediately, especially with sleep and getting up in the morning. Not pain free, but a difference with minimal side effects. Mostly body temperature changes like hot flashes. I worked my way up to 100 mg (50mg morning and evening.) Then I started having worse side effects: nausea, leg cramps, vision changes. I also had mouth and tongue soreness and breast soreness, which I didn&#039;t see anyone else mention. I went back to 50mg once a day and the symptoms lessened. After seeing my Dr again, he suggested 25mg morning and eve ning. My breast soreness is better and my mouth sores fewer. I plan to stick it out a little longer to see, as I have not felt or slept this well in years."
"I have been taking  Truvuda and Edurant combination for the past two years, no side effects at all and my viral load is 20, CD4 good too. And living in Thailand the medication is so cheap."
"its awesome"
"I was depressed for seven months in bed and I was prescribed Viibryd 40mg. After 1 week I started to feel fantastic for at least 3 weeks and now I&#039;m feeling like I&#039;m on the roller coaster again (slightly down).  And to top it off I&#039;ve gained at least 10 lbs. Made me very outspoken about almost everything (something I did like after any situation). I&#039;m going to try it for couple more weeks and I hope things change. Also I&#039;m not a person that has to have sweets, but on this medicine I began to eat sweets instead of wanting my regular meals.  Still hopeful."
"I got Nexplanon on Jan. 8 2015 and at first I thought it was great. Didn&#039;t have a period the first month, next month bleed for two weeks no cramps or anything. When March came, my period came on and lasted longer than usual so I thought OK maybe its changing because the symptoms are irregular. Well its May 8 and my period has been on non-stop! My body aches, muscles hurt everywhere, acne is a little more than before, cravings are crazy, but I have no weight gain or weight loss thank the lord! But Nexplanon acts different in anyone who gets it. I do consider getting it though if you forget to take your pills and if your sexually active."
"I was having redness and itching due to allergies and I used the visine totality. It made my eyes burn and I couldn&#039;t see for 10 minutes. It amplified the symptoms I was already having. I&#039;m scared to use this product because it&#039;s painful and I wasn&#039;t expecting it to burn."
"Been on Tyvaso for 3 years. It has improved my PH significantly  10 to 12 puffs a sitting.  Always made me cough but recently the cough has gotten worse. Not going to stop just take fewer puffs"
"The only reason I gave this birth control a 2 was because it made my periods last two days and my acne wasn&#039;t as bad. That&#039;s the only good thing I have to say about it. It has my anxiety come back, severe nausea, bad acid reflux, migraines, mood swings, insomnia, depression at times, and extremely tender breasts. It&#039;s hard to go off someone else&#039;s experiences cause everyone is different. "
"My lifestyle has been very hectic since having my third child 10 months ago. I have tried several tonics on the market but never got the results they suggested they would give. I always felt tired, fatigues, inability to concentrate, always grumpy, the whole 9 yards. 
I started taking SSS tonic 5 days ago and I can say I am back, and I am feeling great. My husband and two older kids have even noticed a change in my disposition."
"I&#039;m 67 and have been using Cialis for five years. Started with 10mg dose with no response, moved up to 20mg dose and WOW!!!  It takes me about two hours to start feeling the effects and works best after four hours. Erections are hard as a rock I use the 5mg daily now due to cost and insurance not covering it. It&#039;s $9 for one 5mg pill. $275 for 30. Thinking of going to Mexico to get it cheaper. The wife and I have sex almost everyday and sometimes twice a day."
"This medication does keep my hypertension under control and also seems to effect my heart rate by lowering it by an average of 15--20 bpm. I  take other medications that tend to raise my heart rate, so this medication is useful for me, in that regard. I have found that this medication is very sensitive to dosing propery. I have found that if I miss only a couple of doses, my blood pressure and heart rate start to increase."
"Went in to the urgent care thinking I had strep but found it was a sinus infection. Been using this for 4 days now and I thought it was helping pretty good and the pain had went away some but then now I feel like its going backwards and I keep getting ear and throat pain again but only at night and I seem to feel better during the day time."
"When I was 18 the first time I saw a gyno she prescribed me Tri Lo Sprintec. She gave me a packet of Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo which I think the pharmacist said it was basically the same thing. For both I had no problem. To start off, I never really had bad cramps or anything major and I definitely didn&#039;t feel anything after starting birth control. After the price for Tri Lo-Sprintec went up I got off of it. I am about to go on Tri sprintec which my doctor said it&#039;s just a little higher dosage so that&#039;s probably where all those other symptoms come from (nausea, mood swings, acne, weight gain). As for everyone else who has been experiencing these symptoms, they are also very common when you PMS, except for the nausea but mainly I think it&#039;s psychological."
"I have been smoke free for seven years this January after smoking for well more than half of my life. It seemed quite easy for me, and hopefully for you as well. Only advice I would offer while on this is be sure to eat BEFORE taking your dose. I got very sick on an empty stomach. Hope this helps and good luck to everyone."
"At first this medicine seemed great. Was taking it for depression and generalized anxiety disorder. After a week on the lowest dose I started having bad side effects. 
I was shaving one morning and noticed my face, lips and arm felt numb. Doctor reduced my dosage to 10mg that worked okay for a week then same side effects."
"This medicine has given me horrible headaches. Lost a lot of hair gained weight  insomnia."
"I recently had hip surgery and was in lots of pain after the operation. I tried Ibuprofen and  Voltaren with little relief. My doctor called in a script for Feldene 20 mg twice a day for me. It helped so much with the pain bringing it to a manageable level but caused the most severe constipation. So after about 5 days I switched back to Voltaren and the constipation eased up and thankfully the pain was better too."
"My 8 year old son has been on Daytrana for approximately 6 months and I have to say of all the ADHD medicines out there this is the best. We have tried almost every ADHD medicine out there and nothing lasted as long as it was supposed to or had no effect whatsoever. The only problem with the patch is its sticking. It never seems to stick and in the summer I had to find something waterproof to put over it."
"Began taking Tegretol in 1986 along with Epilim, had the op in 1991 and have remained on Tegretol since. Somethings I have noticed over the years although I don&#039;t have any medical evidence to back this up only self observation are. Massive increase in body hair. Not on the head but over the rest of the body. Most of my nails split down the centre of the nail. As for controlling my epilepsy can not say they really did, prior to my operation, at first all was hokey dorey, then the body seemed to get used the medication and as a result the dose increased. Today 24 years after the operation I remain on 1200mg a day. Seizure free, thanks to the opp, although i do remain on the tablets."
"Started with .6 about 6 months ago. Nausea, dizziness,  heartburn and loss of appetite. Not pleasant .
Blood sugars did not seem to improve - questioned if stress due to symptoms was counteracting each other. (Stress raises glucose).
Decided to give the drug it&#039;s best shot so after two week increased the dosing to maximum. (1.8).
Slowly symptoms subsided and post meal glucose came down. Down substantially.
Fasting still remains around 130 to 140 but that also is improved. Post meal about 140 if I eat a proper diet.
While I would have preferred a greater reduction in numbers the drug is beneficial. Side effects are now all gone.
I&#039;m 64."
"I experienced my very first Anxiety attack three months ago, stemming from stress from work and eventually from fear of dying (provoked by the symptoms of the attacks). I began to fear nights, because they occurred at night, preventing me from properly sleep. I went two months without seeking medical help, until I did. I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder. They prescribed me BuSpar/Busporine; I&#039;ve been on it for a little over a month now (7.5m.g. twice a day) and OH MY GOSH, it saved my life. I haven&#039;t had an anxiety attack since the first day I began taking it! The first week, the only side effects I got were feeling groggy in the morning, but at night when you take it they do help you immensely to fall asleep."
"Stopped my periods all together.  It is nice, but my doctor didn&#039;t mention it when she prescribed it.  Was a little stressful the first month when you skip your period and no one has an explanation.  Turns out it is a side effect."
"I got on Prozac 10 mg when I was sixteen after I tried to commit suicide. It worked wonders just within a week or so. I sat in my backyard in my bikini, wore tanning oil in the blazing sun, and painted clothes pins for my mom. I felt EXTREMELY lifted from my old self. I was HAPPY. I stopped taking it a few weeks later because I thought I was cured from my depression... stupid of me. I am now 22 and I have recently started taking Prozac 10 again. I am not really sure if I feel the effect yet but I do notice myself zoning out every once in a while. I hope I will feel wonderful again like the 16 year old I once was."
"Concerta helped me so much. Before Concerta, I dreaded doing school work or even regular household chores. While on it, I want to do my homework and chores. It makes me 200x more focused overall, which means more learning and better grades. I went from C&#039;s and F&#039;s to A&#039;s and some B&#039;s"
"I&#039;ve been taking 300mg Wellbutrin for 6 months. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects to Wellbutrin, so that&#039;s good, but the problem is I also haven&#039;t noticed much effect at all. I did notice that I don&#039;t hit my total low point almost ever now, but besides knocking out my worst feeling of depression, it hasn&#039;t done much. I still spend most of my time incredibly sad, I still feel so awful about myself that I have immense difficulty socializing and I still feel like anxiety is eating away at me. But I guess even if I&#039;m not happy, as long as I&#039;m not at my lowest point I&#039;ll be fine."
"A new study about genital herpes transmission has recently been published. We are not quite sure whether it can help find a cure for herpes but it does show some interesting perspective.
Bacteria in Vagina Can Affect Genital Herpes Transmission
The study suggests that healthy vaginal microflora may protect women from getting infected with genital herpes. The study has been led by  a doctoral student at the University of Texas Medical 
The experiment that was carried out in the laboratory compared various cultures that normally live in the vagina. Researchers found that the herpes simplex virus type-2 (genital herpes) replicated more in cultures that contained less Lactobacillus (were less healthy).
"
"Took plan B, no side effects. This is my second time taking it in the course of two years. The first time I took it although I felt Nauseous and dizzy."
"I started using Nuvaring back in 2010 after trying many different birth control pills. I gained around 7 pounds, wanted to sleep all the time and lost completely my sex drive. I had to stop using because the last 6 months I started experiencing severe migraines. So, the only good part about is that Nuvaring didn&#039;t make me feel angry or in a bad mood all the time like the other pills I&#039;ve tried before."
"February 7, 2014 my boyfriend and I had unprotected sex. We were very worried. I decided to get Plan B from Walgreens 7 hours after sex and 3 days later I got my period."
"Have had 12 treatments so far for MS. Have experienced sometimes extreme tiredness following treatments. Have gained about 40lbs in the past year since starting the treatment with no significant changes in diet or exercise. On the good side am glad to not be taking daily injections anymore."
"I&#039;m on Effexor 150mg. I was on 75mg but my doctor upped it as I was still not feeling good. Feel better now but don&#039;t advise coming off yourself as the coming down effects of it aren&#039;t good."
"My MD first put me on a testosterone gel for lack of desire, difficulty in maintaining and erection, etc. with minimal benefit.  Then, he replaced this with Cialis 5mg taken daily.  WOW!  At 70, I am having sex like 40 again which is 2 or 3 times a week and really good.  I&#039;m not sure if it is all physical or partly that my confidence and expectations have been restored.  "
"While this medication cured my UTI it left me with debilitating c-diff. Horrible situation. Beware and ask questions. Maybe another medication had fewer risks. I don&#039;t know...but I will certainly be asking more questions if I am ever prescribed anything again."
"I have been taking 1 1/2 mg every other night for sleep for the past 3 years. I have tried my other drugs for sleep and ativan is the only one that works consistently. 
Because of its addiction potential I take it only every other night.
Also I have not had to increase the dosage in 3 years, which I believe is a result of not taking it every night.
It is easier to tolerate my non-Ativan night of insomnia when I know I will be sleeping well the next night."
"I started on Qsymia half a year ago, lost 28 lbs so far.  Overall been very pleased with the weight drop. Not much side effect. I have tried so many other things, this one is actually the most effective method I have ever had.  

I did notice tingling at my fingers a couple of times but was not bothering much. Oh, one thing the Coke I drink tasted weird after taking the medication."
"The first 3 months of Yasmin were horrendous, I had cystic spots all along my jaw, between my eyebrows, on my cheeks and even my back.  My skin was very dry and I could not stop needing a pee! The cysts stopped appearing In the 3rd month but continued to have lots of spots on my jawline. Im currently on month 6, I still get spots (sigh) but I haven&#039;t had more than 3 at one time and they are very small ones which heal quickly and are easily covered with make up. I no longer have spots on my back either but I&#039;m living with quite bad scarring. I really had my confidence knocked but looking at how my skin has improved now those 3 months in hiding were worth it!"
"Woke up in pain with stone Friday.  Ask my Dr. to prescribe Flomax and took my first dose at noon on Saturday.  Pass the stone this morning (Sun.).  I experienced a stuffy nose and felt light headed, but it was well worth it.  One Capsule did the trick."
"I have been on this for 3 months now and have noticed a massive improvement of my acne. The acne on my back is practically non existent and the amount on my face has dramatically improved. I got lots of comments today saying how face has cleared up since I last saw these people 2 weeks ago. I now have much less acne on my face and it expected to all be gone in 3 more months forever. I am currently on 60mg a day one at morning and 2 at night and I am a 15 year old female. I have had some back pain when I play my weekly sport and dry lips but that is all the side effects I have had."
"So far I&#039;ve had a decent experience with mirena. I had it inserted during my period (on the 2ND day) that was a weird experience. Insertion was a breeze, no discomfort. I was nervous after reading all of the reviews.  Less than 1 minute  and it was over. I threw on my clothes and i countined on with my day like normal. I&#039;m sure i should&#039;ve waited to habe sex but i didnt. On the 3rd day i had some cramping, since then no cramping. Ive never really had much crampong so i went into a little bit of a panic mode And was beginning to doubt my decision. Bybthe next day the cramping was gone. Mild spotting.  I feel like my sex drive has increased.  I am worried about the weight gain but I plan on staying active and keep a close eye on"
"Doctor prescribed Macrobid for a week for urinary tract infection. It did give me some relief initially however my infection is back. I&#039;m scheduled to see my Dr tomorrow."
"I got Nexplanon 08/04/15 &amp; I really like it. 

I was on the Depo-shot for about 7 years. I did not get any periods, I did gain weight ( but really I think  that it was a lack of  exercise ) but the fact that I had to go in every 3 months was annoying. 

Than I found out about Nexplanon, did some research and I wanted to try it. I told my doctor I wanted to change my birth control. He went over it. The process was really fast less than 10mins ( including wait time ) - shout out to planned parenthood. 

So far no period ( I love it ) it&#039;s for sure less  hormones but the fact that I don&#039;t got it renew it every 3 months is amazing 

I think you should try it. Every body is different but you won&#039;t know how it works on you until you try it."
"My diabetes was out of control (300&#039;s), my Dr. put me on Victoza and I have never had such good readings. I have lost 5 pounds. The medicine sort of makes me feel full or a little nausea, but nothing bad at all. I&#039;m so happy with it and so excited with the results. Thanks Victoza"
"I am very very very pleased with the Implanon! I did the research before getting mine and decided that (after all everything-including oral contraceptives-have risks) it was worth it to me. I got my Implanon in September of 2009.  Insertion did hurt, they use local anesthetic (lidocaine) to numb the area first and that&#039;s all that hurt. I didn&#039;t actually feel the insertion at all.  I had an irregular bleeding cycle for about a month and a half, and since then I have had NOTHING! It is now July of 2010 and I am very pleased with the results. I don&#039;t have to worry about keeping up with a daily or monthly option, don&#039;t have a period, and I am NOT pregnant (which is after all the whole point). I tell anyone who will listen how great the Implanon is!"
"Accutane is working wonders for me. I am an 18 year old male who was skeptical at first because I had literally tried everything to clear up my cystic acne I had on my back and chest. I am now 1 month into my 5 month course and am already seeing a huge improvement. Other then the dry lips, I have no other side effects. Some people say accutane makes them depressed and suicidal, but accutane has actually made me more happy and more energetic then I was. I feel so much more confident about my skin now then I ever have. It&#039;s summer, and now I am never wearing a shirt because accutane has made me more confident. Strongly recommend this drug, as it has worked wonders for me so far."
"Girls! I am here to share my experience to ease some of you out of freaking out! I have severe anxiety and panic disorder so imagine what a mess I was thinking I was pregnant - I did not get pregnant!
Here we go: I am a 20 year old girl who would&#039;ve been paralyzed if she found out she was pregnant. I would&#039;ve had to get an abortion, which is not what I want, but neither is having a kid right now. Long story short: had unprotected sex, got scared. Took plan B 16 hours later. I was mortified with the waiting. I ended up getting my period 5 days late (I was expecting weeks late) but it is here (and heavy). Girls, you will be okay. I promise you this works. I&#039;ve used it about 5 times now (within 5 years). It works! Just try to keep calm. "
"I was diagnosed with MS 2006. I found myself with a loss of balance. I fell so much at my work I gave my co workers at the gym score card as to how I fell. I have a sense of humor which helps me get through this new found life. My dr told me about ampyra after I started taking this drug my falls decreased. We haven&#039;t had to score any of my falls in over a year."
"Got the implant August 2014. Period took around 5 months to become at a regular pace. It&#039;s now November 2015 and I get my period once every 2 months and get mood swings a few days before it. Soon looking to take it out but I&#039;m trying to hold off doing that until the 3 years are up."
"Almost halfway through my second week I had to stop taking Contrave because it jacked up my blood pressure. BP probably would&#039;ve been a lot higher than the 156/93 had I not been talking blood pressure medication already."
"I&#039;m not necessarily the best person to give a review on this, because I have CONSTANT yeast infections ALL THE TIME. It&#039;s torture. Whenever I go to the doctor I get my diflucin pill, Monistat cream, and I usually still have issues. I&#039;m yet to find a solution. 

However, I did try this pill out and it&#039;s pretty great! If you have any swelling down there, this gets rid of it overnight. As for the actual yeast, mine hasn&#039;t completely cleared up but it&#039;s getting a lot better. I think this could possibly get rid of it if I keep using it consistently. I&#039;m only on day 3 of this and I&#039;ve seen a significant difference and feel much better. 

I recommend this to people who want to get rid of any swelling and need an alternative to the actual doctor."
"Chronic hives for 1 year - took all the antihistimines and prednisone.  The only thing that kicked the hives was prednosolone pack that I recently took after the Xolair shot did not work.  I have had 8 Xolair shots (monthly injections) and at first they were very effective.  After the 6th one, I had recurring hives and angiodema return so I am back on large dose of allertec and nightly taking hydroxyzine.   Xolair seems to help with the size of hives and the amount when breaking out.  Weight gain is definitely noticed but due to prednisone prior to the shot, I can&#039;t be certain it is all due to Xolair.  Will continue on Xolair and perhaps look at Kenalog shot."
"Extremely fatigued. Used is directed during week 7 and getting out of bed was a struggle. Slept all day and went to bed early...6-7pm early. This is my first pregnancy so I thought it&#039;s probably 1st trimester fatigue. Stopped using the next day and decided to &quot;stick it out&quot; without diclegis. I&#039;m 17 weeks today and had really bad nausea vomiting every 30 mins this am and thought, ok let me give this medicine another shot, I&#039;m desperate... Same deal, nausea/vomiting is gone... because I&#039;m tranquilized! It works but I may be too sensitive for it&#039;s drowsiness effects. Not for me"
"After 3 day taken a tablet by mouth every 12 hours for 10 days.  The infection and the pain in my ear get better, but the side effects like a Diarrhea and tiredness, dizziness, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, disorientation and irritability made the 10 days a challenge."
"Xanax is a great medicine that has been under a lot of flack recently because of irresponsible individuals who give it a bad name. I have been taking it for over two years now in an on/off fashion and sometimes for a few months at a time; however, I always take a few days every week to flush it out. My anxiety issues stem from a traumatic childhood making me miss out on a lot of GREAT opportunities throughout life, opportunities that Xanax is helping me take advantage of today. I am a very active male, I run and lift regularly and what I noticed about Xanax from the get go is that I had an extremely high tolerance to it.  I take 1.5mg of Xanax and .1mg of Clonidine due to this fact - WARNING -clonidine has bad side effects when stopped cold"
"I&#039;m appreciative of an option other  Restasis. However, the bitter taste, chronic headache, tightness in chest and cough are very frustrating. It&#039;s almost like I have asthma. Would love thoughts on this. I&#039;m now having to use cough medicine to go to sleep."
"I have general anxiety disorder. I see a therapist weekly. She said I suffer from anxiety and depression. I lost my best friend in Jan and it triggered my anxiety and depression.  I&#039;m a stay a home mom of 2 kids. Daily activities became a hassle and I stress and worry so much now. This past week I&#039;ve noticed a change for the better but I felt I was still battling it. I had bad tension headaches and went to my Dr and he gave me 25 mg to take for a month. I took one almost 2 1/2 hours ago. I started yawning and became tired. I&#039;m laying in bed now and feel awake. So far it seems to be working. I feel calm and not stressed. I&#039;m hoping it works like it has for everyone else."
"I&#039;ve on this medication for a full week and I haven&#039;t had any results yet. I&#039;m drinking lots of water as I always do, and staying active."
"I have been using Tri-Nessa for three months and it has been pretty good.  My doctor put it on me to balance my hormones and control my acne.  As for my acne, my skin was clearing up in the first two months and then steadily got worse again. Although my periods on Tri-Nessa have been extremely regular (which was not the case for me before) and I have had no negative side-effects."
"I&#039;m writing to hopefully calm some nerves. 2 days after I ended my period, I had protected sex with my partner. While we were careful (he did not ejaculate inside me), we noticed the condom broke. I became frantic and decided to take emergency contraception (Take Action) just to be sure. I took the pill approximately 18 hours after sex. Within the first few days, I had the normal symptoms: spotting, nausea, etc. Within the next few weeks, I began to experience all the symptoms of pregnancy! Mood swings, frequent urinination, breast tenderness and extreme vaginal wetness! I was freaking out! There was absolutely NO sign of my period. I took 3 pregnancy tests, all negative. My period ended up being 6 weeks late. It was unnerving!"
"I have been on Zoloft for 18 months now and I LOVE it.  I first went on it for some postpartum depression paired with several other major situations that were going on in my life.  After the first few days I felt like I could deal with my life, like this was something I always should have been on.  I have always dealt with bouts of depression and anxiety but was never put on any medication but I should have been. I will continue this Zoloft as long as my doctor will allow."
"I switched to this pill about 7-8 months ago and it has been hell ever since. I became very depressed, anxiety was heightened, exhausted all the time, no motivation/energy, did not get out of bed, became very negative and angry, and had no libido. I would sleep for 12 hours and still be tired and take naps during the day. This affected my relationship and my boyfriend ended up leaving me due to my depression. I have now quit the birth control and I feel like a brand new person and back to my old self. Ladies, if you&#039;re having these side effects and it&#039;s affecting your relationship with your significant other, family, or friends.. do not wait it out!!!! I wish I could go back and quit the pill a longggg time ago!"
"I&#039;ve taken dulcolax on two occasions.
First time was last year in cyprus, i was suffering bad constipation for days i&#039;d taken senokot and nothing was helping. I went to the pharmacy and the lady recommended dulcolax. I took 3 tablets on her recommendedation. Within an hour and a half i was on the toilet. No awful cramps just great bowel movement and i felt fantastic afterwards. 

I haven&#039;t needed dulcolax again until tonight. I&#039;ve been suffering from constipation again this week. I took two tablets at around 7pm. Because of the constipation I haven&#039;t been able to eat properly yesterday and today. Around 7.45 i could feel slight cramps and the urge to use the toilet which i just have. Feeling much better now but i have a slight headache."
"I was on Solodyn for 5 years. I am now 19 years old and just quit about 8 months ago. It made my skin FLAWLESS and got compliments all the time. Never any noticeable side affects, although I did quit because I was afraid it was killing my liver and being on an antibiotic for that long is dangerous. Also, the last 6 months I noticed my breakouts were no longer controlled, as if my body was becoming immune to the drug. Now being off it my skin is worse than ever with many, many cysts. Going back to the derm to hopefully find something else that perhaps is not as hurtful to the body (I can dream lol), overall a great experience with it, it just made me sick thinking of what it was damaging internally to my body. Best of luck!"
"My neurolgist just discovered I had seizures about a month ago and it has been constant trial and error finding a medication that will work. I was taking 600mg of Tegretol for the last week and I developed a awful red rash and itching all over. My doctor has changed me to dilantin today and I hope I do better on that. Keppra was the first drug and that didn&#039;t help."
"Didn&#039;T even come close to aleiviating the intense pain from root planing and transplant."
"My husband suffers from neuropathy and his Dr put him on Lyrica 75mg twice a day. The side effects were horrible, he had to stop taking it immediately. He was dizzy, had headaches, off balance, couldn&#039;t judge distance, and it looked to him like the walls and floors were moving."
"Experienced bad side effects.  Dizzy, sick, blurred vision and dry mouth."
"This is the only drug that has helped me.  If I take it right at the beginning of a headache, 90% of the time it wipes out the pain in an hour."
"My 83-yr old father took only five (5) pills over the course of a few days and ended up in the hospital in acute renal failure and 103 degree fever.  This man was not on any medications prior to taking Bactrim DS and was still working.  His kidney functions have not returned to normal, his blood platelets are critically low, his blood pressure is now elevated, as well as his blood glucose.  His whole life has changed for the worse all because of five (5) Bactrim pills.  I just hope he&#039;s on the road to recovery."
"I was diagnosed with indeterminate UC in February 2017. Since then I am taking Asacol 800mg 3 tablets a day. I am not sure, but I think that the flaking rashes on my face are due to the this medicine&#039;s side effect. And they hardly ever to disappear. And when they do, I have them back after a few days. I was prescribed different products, none of them worked. Never had this issue before, only after I have started taking Asacol."
"Was on lexapro 10 mg for 3 months then 15mg for 2 month. Lexapro reached a point of not working.  Switched to 20mg Prozac. No twitching or headaches or sick stomach. Find appetite has increased."
"My partner and I both contracted chlamydia and have taken 2 pills at the same time (prescribed by the doctor) I found 3 hours after having mine I felt intently sick and had an urgent need for the bath room for the runs. Feeling fine now a day later symptoms have passed feeling positive that is will work."
"I wish I would have read these reviews before using this. Oh my goodness . Worst experience of my life thus far. I&#039;m not sure what the results are but After sitting in the shower for 20mins it still burns.... Never again"
"Initially, I had no appetite at all and also no appetite for wine.  Wine actually didn&#039;t taste good.  My side affect was a headache... constant.  I also didn&#039;t feel like myself.  Not depressed, but certainly not my normal self.  Within the first week or so, I lost 7 pounds.  I wasn&#039;t obese, but needed to lose 20 or so pounds.  After the first month, I had dropped 10 pounds and felt completely normal and full of energy.  I have now been on contrave since August and have lost 24 pounds and feel fabulous.  I also started blue apron which is a very healthy meal plan.  I absolutely watch what I eat, but if I want pasta LOVE PASTA), I have it.  I just make sure not to have it again for the next week or so.  I work out but only 1-2 times per week."
"Took it around 6:30am before leaving for work. Experienced Terrible insomnia even though I took it early in the morning. Couldn&#039;t stay asleep more than three or four hours. Awful stomach pain and loss of appetite. Some itching. Weakness and dizziness when standing too quickly. Dry mouth so I&#039;m constantly drinking water. Unfortunately the other OTC medicines didn&#039;t work as well as this product. I&#039;m in a lose-lose situation."
"I&#039;ve been using this for about 3 weeks now and at first there was a lot of peeling. And one day I think I used too much and my cheecks became inflamed and irritated. It looked like I had a really bad sun burn in the fall. As of right now this gel has only made my skin worst. I have dark marks on my cheeks and in the corner of my mouth. I look horrible! These reviews say to keep going and be patient. But if I don&#039;t see results soon I will be forced to stop."
"Seem to work very well.  I have had a sinus infection for over a week and was feeling miserable.  I started taking Augmentin yesterday and today I already feel 90% better! Yay! I think it is very important to take a high potency good bacteria pill (forgetting right now what they are called!)  Very pleased with this perscription"
"I had unprotected sex right on the day of ovulation. I mean dead smack on when I was fertile. I took the pill 2 hours later and had NO SYMPTOMS whatsoever. I had to wait a whole 2 weeks for my period to come and I was afraid the pill wasn&#039;t going to work since I was really fertile. But 2 weeks later, on the EXACT day I was supposed to get my period, I got it! So this pill works! Phew! Relieved!"
"I was facing several months of on and of depression since being forced to move. I had and have no one to communicate with anymore. The loneliness made me realize how empty my life is and see no purpose in anything. I lost all motivation. The greater issue was that I was starting to feel like this everyday and started pondering suicide. I decided ro try Tramadol since it was available to me. I took 100 mg to test it and I felt normal again (able to feel pleasure and then some).  The experience was amazing and it gave my social confidence I was lacking. As the Tramadol wore off I was able to speak in a debate group without issue (I usually get nervous and lose track) and it was noticed. I alI&#039;v"
"For the past 3 years I have been dealing with nerve pain left from shingles in my neck. I have tried EVERYTHING for this pain including injections and narcotics. Nothing really helped unless I was a zombie. I am allergic to a lot of medications including Tegretol and Neurontin. So when my neurologist suggested I try this medication I was VERY skeptical. I have been on this medicaton for a week now. I started on 25mg twice a day and felt some relief. I thought it was in my head. Now I am on 50mg twice a day and I can&#039;t believe the difference. I am relieved I can finally get my life back. I am a mother of 2. I did not realize how much the pain had taken over my life until now."
"I got sick the day after Christmas. Thought i was just having nausea, but it progressed to a very painful tummy and back so I went to the er with my husband a few days later. I had a kidney infection, so they put me on the generic for bactrim for 10 days. I felt no different till a few days in, and that&#039;s when I got some relief but also side effects such as persistant and constant nausea, and headaches. Wasn&#039;t too bad. Then I felt excited on my last day because I truly felt better (minus stomach cramps that I didn&#039;t think were serious at the time). But then less than 24 hours later I started feeling bad again with my back and tummy, so we went to the ER and they put me on the generic for macrobid. This is day one of that. We&#039;ll see how it g"
"I have tried 6 different birth controls and have been in Loestrin for almost 5 years now. I love it! It is true, for some women, you will not get a period. I rarely do and have never been pregnant. I never had any symptoms with this birth control and it really controls my extreme cramping! I would recommend this for everyone!"
"Took for 3 months and it took that long for the spotting to subside. The side effects I had with it aren&#039;t worth it for me. It killed my libido - took it from 100 to 0. Dried my lady parts out. It killed any sense of motivation I had. I used to go to the gym in the morning regularly and couldn&#039;t figure out why all of a sudden I no longer wanted to go. It made me nauseous at random times during the day. I had stomach issues bc of what was possibly an interaction with an antidepressant I take. I have stage 3 kidney disease and am on blood pressure meds and have never had an issue on other pills. This raised my bp from my normal 115/75 to 145/90, thus giving me a month long headache before I figured it out. Plus it&#039;s expensive."
"frequent bowel movements, later diarrea especially durning the morning hard to tell if it helped my seizures, as  I had 4 seizures in a 5 month period"
"Down 20lbs since Jan 5th!  No side effects except for my hair falling out more than normal"
"Really helped to control my GERD symptoms."
"Had mine for almost a year. I&#039;ve had really bad side affects but my sex drive has gone up. I&#039;ve had 4 pregnancy scares. I&#039;ve been to the ER 3 times because I thought it broke in my arm. No period. But unusual spotting. I over all didn&#039;t really like it and wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"I wanted to share my experience with Nexplanon. I got it inserted February 2014, after being on the pill for 3 years. I thought I would get rid of monthly cycles, but I was wrong. I had a little spotting for 2 weeks post insert and then nothing at all for 4 months. The 5th month and up until  today, my cycle starts with cramps, fatigue, and nausea like it would normally if I weren&#039;t on birth control and the bleeding is light and lasts about a week. This is quite annoying, but I&#039;m glad it followed my usual cycle so I&#039;ve actually gotten to the point where I&#039;m used to it now. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, so I&#039;d say the implant works! Figuring out what it will do to your body is the tough part."
"I have now been on Phentermine for a week. I have already lost 5 lbs. I need to lose another 20. I am not obese but am on two cholesterol medications. I always weighed the same until my thyroid medication was too low and I gained 20 lbs. I could not get it off no matter what I did...until Phentermine came into my life. I am experiencing none of the side effects except dry mouth. What I am experiencing though  is 1) higher energy; 2) better sleep; 3)a feeling of well being; 4) more focused; 5) less appetite; 6)more stamina. I am only on 15mg per day and feel wonderful."
"Have been on this for 6 weeks, and have to discontinue due to severe insomnia, heart pounding and chest pain. Very effectively reduced my need for albuterol (went from using it daily down to once or twice a week) but the side effects are bad."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for a month. Several of my friends, with and without children, have Mirena and almost everyone told me it was no big deal, a little cramping, etc. Let me tell you, it was the most painful experience of my life. I am not a wimp. My doctor had to clamp(!) my cervix and it hurt so bad upon insertion that I got immediately nauseous and almost fainted. The nurse held my hand and basically let me squeeze her to death the whole time. It took 10 minutes to insert. Afterwards I got the worst cramps of my life, and it took a full 24 hours for me to be able to recover. I&#039;ve been spotting ever since. Cramps went away after a week. No crazy mood swings. No weight gain. No acne. I haven&#039;t had a period yet. Just lots of spotting."
"Very effective at managing my pain that stemmed from a spinal injury and subsequent spinal surgery.  It has been the only medicine that manages the pain after trying all the other non-narcotics as well as nerve pain medications."
"It only took 3 hours to start working. I was suddenly hit with what felt like strong sharp searing gas pains in my upper stomach. So much that I was hunched over and howling. I felt sweaty and nauseated. The pain lasted about 30-45 mins. I did have bowel movements as well. It has now been about five hours later and I am still going to the bathroom. Stomach feels very sore and I feel some what exhausted and just run down. I would not recommend this nor take it again for constipation. I am a normal 32 year old female."
"I initially used 150mg a day with no actual results in lowering BP. Doctor recomended combination with Felodipine 5mg and Metoprolol 50mg, and combination produced results in lowering my BP 115/75 avg. Side effects are tingling in the palm of my hands and excessive tiredness. I will test to discontinue ibersartan, which produces the unwanted side effects."
"I have been taking Effexor, 300 mg for 15 years and Lexapro, 40 mg for about eight.  I have tried to stop taking Effexor twice with horrible experiences each time.  My depression began to increase so the Dr. prescribed stopping Lexapro immediately and gradually decreasing Effexor and replacing it with Fetzima (first 40, now 80mg).  I was hesitant due to my prior experiences but the Dr. seemed confident.  After 12 weeks, today is my first day without any Effexor, only 80 mg of Fetzima.  I feel great; I had no negative side effects from the changes and notice definite improvement in my depression.  I believe the depression will continue to lift with time.  I am so relieved to finally be free of Effexor I believe Fetzima made it possible."
"Was having good results with no side effects for years until the drug companies wanted to produce it at a cheaper cost. Drugs are now mostly made in India and China.  I am extremely allergic to some of the inactive ingrediants. Stomach issues, body rash, swelling and bleeding skin around the eyes and leg pain.  I am now forced to use metformin in a liquid form that is made at a local compound pharmacy to avoid impurities at a cost of $70 a month for a twice daily dose."
"I got the mirena inserted in September of 2015 is already the end of the year one more day and I&#039;ll be 2016 and I&#039;m still bleeding... Is this ever going to end!!!!!!!!! I&#039;m just so annoyed by now when is this going to end."
"I&#039;ve been on Brintellix for just over 2 months and it&#039;s helped my depression tremendously. I&#039;ve been on several SSRIs and this is far and away the best one I&#039;ve tried. It kicked in a little faster and the lack of side effects is remarkable. (I was irritable when I increased my dose from 5mg to 10mg, but it subsided after a month and I took Klonopin as needed to help. I also noticed some mild scalp tingling which another person mentioned.) No sexual side effects, no weight gain, no TMJ, no night sweats! I&#039;d recommended titrating up SLOWLY if you have anxiety/irritability (cut those annoying egg-shaped pills in half) and taking it with a meal to prevent nausea."
"After taking on too many large life changes and adjustments and dealing with long term and recent grieving  issues, I was prescribed sertraline. Started at 25mgs and went up to 50 mgs. Worked very closely with a couple of psychiatrists. Also started a 7.5 mg dose of mirtazapine before bed to help with sleeping at the same time. Started having very vivid dreams all night long, not bad dreams just very vivid and felt lucid and aware during the dreaming. I slept well but remember too much of my dreams on waking. Sleep time felt too &quot;active&quot; and I found it distracting. One of the psychiatrists claimed it was the mirtazapine but the other one suggested that it was the sertraline (Zoloft) and reduced, then eliminated the sertraline. Right move."
"I just got my Nexplanon removed today.  I had it inserted approximately 4 and a half months ago.  For the first month, I didn&#039;t have a period, but once it came it never stopped. I literally have had a period for 3 and a half months and some days it was really intense.  While I&#039;ve maybe had 10 zits my entire 30 years before Nexplanon, I probably had at least 2 pimples at all times since I got the implant.  I am getting an IUD in a couple weeks.  This SUCKED.  I gave it 2 starts cause I didn&#039;t get knocked up,"
"Zoloft has saved my life. I have been on Zoloft 200 mg for 7 months and the results have been amazing. I suffered from severe OCD, anxiety, and mind racing. Zoloft and Abilify 5 mg have completely eliminated my symptoms. I can now live and enjoy my life thanks to Zoloft 200 mg and Abilify 5 mg."
"I have been on Zoloft for a year and I can honestly say it changed my life. I had suffered with anxiety and panic attacks since I was in the first grade, and I hated my life. I felt cursed. I felt weird because of it. It got to a point of hopelessness and depression. I did counseling, exercise, journaling, all-natural vitamins, everything. Nothing helped. I didn&#039;t want to rely on medication to help me get through life, but after talking to my doctor, I decided I had to. My doctor put me on a low dosage of Zoloft and I can honestly say, I&#039;ve never been more calm, focused, content, and determined. Zoloft helped me relax and deal with problems rationally. It changed my life for the better, and recommend it to any teenager who needs help."
"I have always suffered from having heavy periods, I have tried nuvaring a nothing happened I tried an iud and it slipped out during the first month. I went back to my dr, and she suggested seasonique but a generic brand.. I did and it worked for one month. Then I started to bleed heavier than I have ever bled before. I can&#039;t go out of the house for long periods of time because my flow is so heavy now I leak through a super tampon and an overnight pad  I have been this way for 15 days and my dr. Said I just have to wait it out. Iam not going to do that I stopped taking the pills and iam hoping this flow will slow down and stop sometime soon. I do not recommend this pill at all."
"I am on my 6th day of Macrobid and I still have symptoms of my urinary tract infections. I have awful headaches, the worst nausea and I&#039;m exhausted when taking this medication. "
"Update. 32 weeks on Saxenda.  62 pounds. 4X to 2X shirt. 52 pants to 46 pants.  58 year old male. This has been the only medication that has ever worked for me.  I am doing a low carb/high protein diet.  Never hungry, which is really great.  Protein drinks in the morning and eat small meals all day long. Celery, pork rinds, rotisserie chicken, etc help quite a bit."
"This works. Fast. I did take a suggestion and add a packet of flavored drink powder but it was so foul, I&#039;m not sure it made any difference. I struggled with nausea during the first liter, so for the second liter, I poured the swill into a chilled stainless steel measuring cup and slammed it. Gawds bless all of us who have to drink MoviPrep!"
"I absolutely love this birth control pill. I have a tubal ligation and I was prescribed birth control pills to help keep my cycles less painful and keep my cervix thin. I used to have very painful cycles to the point that I could not work on the 2nd day of my cycle. I was recently on the Junel birth control but I continued to spot for 5 months and that was sooooooooo aggravating. I was very hesitant about starting a new birth control because my body had to get used to another pill but my doctor told me I had to be on some type to keep my cervix thin. So I decided to follow her advice and it worked instantly. I had to continue to take my Junel and then start on Sprintec pills the following week. 
This is a lifesaver and I finally feel great."
"Interestingly, my high blood pressure was discovered during my regular blood donations.  The intake staff recommended that I consult my doctor.

My doctor prescribed 2,5 mg ramiprilum (brand name: Tritace) once daily.  I have been taking it religiously for 5 years now.  Blood pressure is good.  No side effects.

The donation center now says that my blood can only be used for adults, not children."
"I am 35 year old male with moderate to severe sciatica (pain from buttock to ankle) due to bulging disc L5 - S1.  I found taking a 400mg dose gave significant but not total relief for about 2 to 3 hours.  The effect was greater if the pain was not too severe, the best results came from taking ibuprofen before the pain got severe.  I also found that taking Ibuprofen without food made it work faster but I suffered moderate diarrhea as a consequence."
"This was my first experience with birth control but I have to say I absolutely love it. I used to get horrible heavy periods in which I would go through at least seven super tampons a day with extreme cramping. Now my periods are light and unnoticeable. For the first couple of months I had bleeding in the middle of my cycle (very light, not even worth a pantyliner) but this went away as my body adjusted. I honestly feel like Lo has helped my mood swings (probably because I&#039;m not in horrible pain for a week of every month) and I&#039;m much happier with it. My sex drive was unaffected as well. Overall I absolutely love this birth control!!!"
"I started taking Zoloft when work stress and other issues got really bad. I had gone to a doctor for cognitive behavioral therapy previously to help with social anxiety, but it didn&#039;t seem to work. So I tried going on Zoloft per a GP suggestion. I first started on 50mg, and the side effects (super drowsy during the day, couldn&#039;t sleep at night, shakiness) were pretty awful for the first couple of weeks, but I stuck with it out of desperation. I am glad I did. My boyfriend says that he sees a huge change. And I don&#039;t feel so very, very awful about everything. I feel like I can see my circular negative thoughts now in a third-party point of view. It hasn&#039;t stopped my negative feelings, but it is helping me not to think about them over and over. Taking 100mg."
"All I can say is that I am quite pleased with this--sure hope this drop foot that I have is not related--but I still think I&#039;ll keep it--too tired to face another hospitalization ;"
"I started taking this when I was breastfeeding. My milk production decreased, but I don&#039;t believe it&#039;s linked to the birth control. Now that I&#039;m no longer breastfeeding, my period is lighter than normal and I have random spotting. It isn&#039;t much at all though, so I really don&#039;t have complaints. I have yet to become pregnant again (thank the lord), and I haven&#039;t had any major issue so I like this medication."
"After having a urinary tract infection for three weeks, &amp; three different antibiotics, with the third being Bactrim, I developed a horrible yeast infection. Thank goodness my Dr. prescribed seven days worth of Diflucan. After one pill, I experienced relief. Not complete relief, but I could finally get some sleep. Before Diflucan, I went through two tubes of Vagisil. It works but there is a perfumy smell that clings to the body. If my Dr. had only prescribed one pill I would be back in the ER begging for something to relieve the maddening itch. This is my first yeast infection &amp; I hope I never get another!"
"My son has been on this since last year, from the start of school (2nd week of August) until the end of September he had 32 office referrals! I was at wits end and didn&#039;t know where to turn and as a Psychology major didn&#039;t want to use meds, but needed something. We talked to his doctor and she prescribed this and at first it was rough the first week his attitude became worse and my wife wanted to try something new but I stuck with it and from the time he went on the meds to the end of the school year he only had 1 office referral and that was because we forgot his meds. Now the he does play sports and has a great personality but the only problem I have is his weight. Since he has been in it now for 1 year he has lost 3-5 lbs."
"Has an uncomfortable side effect shortly after taking it, where muscles, particularly in lower legs/feet, tense up. Goes away after a short while. Overall totally worth it."
"Have used pump for a year and a half.  Used packets for six months before that.  Prefer the pump.  Works well and I feel better.  Have gotten back muscle mass, better outlook on life in general, and can feel sexual again.  Only negative is that testicals are smaller and softer since they no longer have to produce testosterone, but they don&#039;t bother me otherwise."
"My experience was successful!  I started the pill on 03-26-14 at which time I was 287 lbs, by 04-30-14, I dropped down to 276 lbs. I must say it really suppresses the appetite and I recommend that you eat at least breakfast daily to avoid getting headaches and feeling nausea.  Altough, I did have those side effects, I do recommend eating something again as stated preferably breakfast. The last time I weighed myself I wore 266, however,  because I am no longer eating healthy and taking the pill when I remember to take one I notice I have gained some of the weight back as my pcp indicated I would. All in all Phentermine is great if you are going to adjust to permenant lifestyle changes / eating behaviors."
"I&#039;ve been taking Saphris for four days now, and I&#039;m not sure what I think yet. I&#039;m still having major anxiety at night, and it&#039;s not helping that much at all.  Also feel sedated when I take it in the morning, so it&#039;s difficult to care for my two year old. Hopefully this will wear off as my body adjusts to the medication.  I have been eating more, which I&#039;m not happy about, since I just lost a lot of weight. I wish my doctor would put me on something for the anxiety, then maybe it wouldn&#039;t be so bad.  "
"The medication itself is effective and clears a migraine in about 10 minutes. However, my pen always breaks eventually and sometimes my replacement pens are faulty as well. I have a reserve of the medication, because I have been unable to take it. They need to design a better injection system."
"This birth control was horrible. I gained 20 pounds in the first 2 months and could not lose it. I told my OB several times it was due to the birth control and she told me birth control cannot make me gain weight. (LIES). 6 months in  I started to suffer from anxiety and depression. Another 6 months later I started bleeding through super tampons in less than an hour and had cramping so bad I could not even move. It felt like back labor every time I had my period. I told my doctor and they told me it could not be the birth control, it must be endometriosis and wanted to treat me with some shot and open me up to look. I said enough and switched BCs. Lost 10 lbs in 6 days, depression was gone, and no more heavy cramping and bleeding. never again."
"Have Gastroparesis.  Gag reflex problem. Helps smooth the large muscles.  Cannot tolerate side effects of Reglan.  Use with Zofran at times."
"I have had some of the same side effects,but the one is well worth the other.I no longer experience the dread of having a heart attack,at a young age. I have been on blood pressure meds. Since I was 28,I&#039;m now 45 yo. Been on several different meds for my blood pressure,..Thus stuff works."
"This was one of the better SSRI&#039;s I&#039;ve been on. However, after using it for a few years I began to notice that some of the granules were not getting absorbed into my system. The granules were showing up in my stools completely whole. It worked wonders on my rage and moodiness though."
"I was given Propofol during my first routine colonoscopy after turing 50. Wow, what a drug. I went out like a light and next thing I remember was waking up in recovery and feeling like I was coming out of the best, most relaxing sleep of my life. I can see why Michael Jackson got hooked on it. What I really liked was the quick recovery time. About two hours after the procedure I felt fine, no drowsiness, nausea or anything."
"Big toes had separation for 30 years..in the summer wearing sandals it slightly improved but 1/3 of my nails were not connected to the nailbed.  Always self conscious, if I wore polish it got worse and turned black.  Started Jublia 10 months ago...with great results.  I file the nail and cut it as short as posible.  I use a dental pick to scrape any gunk from under my nail.  I wait 15 minutes after my shower to make sure my nails are dry so the med wicks into the nail.  I also put it on before bed so I use it twice a day.  I haven&#039;t used polish but my nails look fantastic.  I have insurance and pay $50 for 3 months...I would gladly pay more because my nails have never looked this good. I&#039;m anxious to find out if I can ever do without it."
"Since having my last child at age 27, my acne has been out of control.  Serious cystic breakouts (forehead, chin, temples).  When they just about heal up, BOOM, here comes the new ones.  I have tried it all, literally.  I did lemon juice, baking soda, vinegar, herbs, masks, lotions, pH balancing washes etc.  NOTHING worked.  I was so sick of it.  At 30 I got Tri-Sprintec.  The results were amazing. 1st month, I noticed the breakouts weren&#039;t as severe (but still there). 2nd month, I noticed the inflammation was better, still a few break out spots. 3rd month, I noticed I barely broke out (just on my temple area and one spot on my chin). 4th Month-NO MORE BREAKOUTS!"
"Would frequently get tired in the afternoon or after 15 minutes of driving. Nodded off many times driving, sometimes couldn&#039;t remember half the drive. Would fall asleep at work in seminars, at my desk, etc. Always had trouble in college staying awake in class, thought other people were just better at staying interested. 
With Nuvigil, my eyes never get heavy unless I&#039;m really tired. I have much more confidence driving and staying awake at work. Even around family I don&#039;t have sleepy spells that make me look disinterested. Amazing stuff with very little side effects. I do often skip a day when I know I won&#039;t need it, and I usually feel like a nap after noon. I also take half doses (75mg) and it works almost as well as 150mg."
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for about 2 months now and have had zero side effects and absolutely no break through bleeding. I did get my period a week after insertion but I was due around that time anyway... I didn&#039;t notice any difference in my period (same cramping, back aches, etc.) other than it lasted for a few days longer. (Normally it&#039;s 6 days, this time it was 8). I called my OB and she said to give it a few more months to really regulate.. I&#039;m anxious to see what next month&#039;s cycle will be like. I just hope I don&#039;t get it on my wedding day! 
Other thing I forgot to mention is that it was 100% covered by my insurance."
"I took this pill about 10 pm and by 2 am I went to the restroom. I had cramping which was normal but I had threw up while I was doing the restroom then I was jittery it even lowered my blood pressure and I wanted the horrible feeling to go away I felt like I was about to pass out!!  Won&#039;t ever take it again!!"
"I came down with &quot;Shingles&quot; a little over 2 weeks ago, was put on anti viral drugs, this helped in fading the rash, still there but has faded, problem now is the pain, its in the rash area,its pain full, 24/7, was first given  Tramadol,to many side effects, then Hydrocodon acetaminophen, this helped a little, but not much, then regular asprin, helped some, but pain is at the point can&#039;t sleep more then 2 hrs, called back to my Dr, now its Gabapentin, for nerve pain, i just took first dose last night, so really its to early to see if this will help, sure hope so!."
"Gelnique was the second medicine I tried for overactive bladder.  It worked fine for my problem, but it takes a bit for it to soak in after you rub it on your skin.  It leaves a sticky residue which makes your clothes stick to the area.  It is also very drying to the skin.  I have very dry skin and my dermatologist gave me prescriptions for moisture barriers, so Gelnique was not a good option for me."
"I had my first seizure over 3 years ago at the age of 23. Upon receiving a MRI scan I learned that I had a brain tumor called pleomorfic xantro Astro sytoma. After having it removed I was put on Keppra XR 1500mg twice a day and have been seizure free ever since. However recently I have been having new side effects appear. At first the only side effect I had was exhaustion and occasional insomnia however over the past two weeks I have had tingling sensations on my scalp and bouts of vertigo and I am very scared about what this could mean I hope everyone else is doing well."
"I have been on Tegretol 31 years as well as Lamictal, excellent until I turned 52. Then had some partial seizures..... so my neurologist upped it from 400 to 800 Tegretol and upped Lamictal as well. Getting control slowly. Been 5 months....now..improvement is happening but slow...confident..depends on what meds suit your body. Keep positive."
"Not impressed. I was on Embeda, but found it had absolutely no effect on me whatsoever for my pain.  I have a back injury that I have had for years, and I am in chronic pain. While on Embeda, there was NO relief, except that it would put me to sleep from the drowsiness that it causes."
"update: Been on med since feb 8, 2013. see my other entry for details. because I was not getting good results, I went on paleo diet &amp; brought a1c down in 3 months. I stopped being so strict &amp; a1c was 6.7 last Nov. Holiday eating &amp; not eating paleo (it is hard to go to grocery 2-3x a week!) have caused me to have way higher numbers 200-400 on daily meter. I&#039;m sure my a1c is back up to almost 8 again. I also gained back the weight that I lost on paleo diet. Bydureon has not helped me to lose weight. Even after a year, I still get intense cravings for sweets every now and again. Due to see dr. in a couple of months. We will re-evaluate. Think I could drop a1c just by paleo diet alone."
"Insulin works fine just have trouble with pen.  Always pain and pen jammed once.  I use another brand of pen with no problems.  Went over how to use video.   I thought I was doing something wrong.  But was not.   Don&#039;t know why I get pain from this."
"Arthritis  - A true wonder drug. I&#039;ve been using it for 10  years and it has allowed me to function an an optimum level. But the doctors are so wary and suspicious. I get only 40 pills for 3 months and suffer on days I cannot take it. I believe in relieving pain, and this narcotic drug will do it. Nothing else matches it."
"I was prescribed Levaquin for bronchitis and sinusitis. I have terrible dreams that wake me up every couple hours, so I&#039;m so tired during the day. Also noticed numbness and shaking in my fingers. Made my skin and sinuses very dry. A little dizzy in the mornings, but that might be due to the lack of quality sleep. Hardly an appetite at all, and the headaches are horrible. But it does seem to be breaking up all the mucus in my chest and head. Finally I feel some relief after 2 months of being sick!"
"I drank the first round at 3 p.m.  I managed to get it down and drank water, gingerale, sports drinks. I mixed it with berry Propel water. I also ate orange jello. At 2 a.m. I tried to finish the second dose but couldn&#039;t due to severe nausea. Now it&#039;s almost 4 a.m. and I&#039;m still trying to drink water without vomiting. The taste is very sweet and salty. The split dose is for the birds. You still have to  drink 48 oz. of fluids. I don&#039;t consider that low volume.  If I ever do this again it won&#039;t be with Suprep."
"I have been taking this birth control for almost a year now and this has been the only one to work for me without any spotting or nausea etc. I love the gel capsules, they do not make me sick at all. I suffer from migraines but haven&#039;t had many since being on this pill. My acne has gone away and I have picked up a little weight gain that was much needed as I was only 107lbs. My breast have increase a size and a half and I love that too. As with any birth control, some is not for anyone. If it doesn&#039;t work for you, that doesn&#039;t mean its a poor product. Everyone&#039;s body is different and will react to medications differently. For me this was the only birth control that worked for me and I love it."
"i been on celexa on the past totally kill my libido nothing work down there get soft mostly time doc chance to welbutrim hcl xl 150 it really help increase my libido never get soft l guess get the job done for me plus keep me motivated"
"The side effects are worst than the original problem, I&#039;ve had 2 shots and won&#039;t be going for another one."
"I have been on MSContin for about 6 months now and I use as my primary pain medicine. It has helped me more than any other pain medicine that the doctor has tried on me. As, I have already stated it is my primary pain medicine, taken every 12 hours.  I also take oxycodone 30mg, 4 times a day for the break through pain."
"Deplin worked for me but is not for everybody.  I have the genetic mutation which others on this website have talked about, which keeps the body from processing folic acid into L-methylfolate which is needed by the brain for the other neurotransmitters to work properly.  A blood test ($280) proved this.  Before Deplin I was was on Bipolar meds (including Seroquel which was miserable) and antidepressants.  Now I am only on Deplin and Clonazepam for chronic anxiety and am feeling re-energized."
"Unaffordable. 
Insurance won&#039;t cover a cent and I can&#039;t shell out $109.99 per month for this spray. That&#039;s after using the $100 off discount card offered by the company. My pharmacy wants $209.99 a bottle. 
This is ridiculous.
 I would love some relief from my awful symptoms that leave me feeling too bad to even get out of bed half the year but I have had to revert back to other methods for minimal relief since there&#039;s no way a person on a normal income can afford the out of pocket pricing. I&#039;m just not rich enough!"
"I can&#039;t believe my doctor did this to me.  I kept talking about how I hated the drowsy feeling that I had all day if I had to take Benadryl at night, because of my eczema induced hives. Three  Benadryl didn&#039;t do to me what this stuff did.  I took it last night, because I was starting to get a little itchy and I&#039;ve been a stinkin&#039; zombie all day!  I have slept my whole Saturday away!  I am so furious that I put the pills into the garbage disposal and will be changing doctors.  Why don&#039;t they listen instead of pretending to listen?  Don&#039;t take this stuff, definitely don&#039;t drive for several days after you&#039;ve taken it!  I&#039;ve been taking several Allegra at a time and it&#039;s taken away the itching &amp; I&#039;ve been willing &amp; able to complete daily task"
"I have taken this pill for four months now and don&#039;t really have anything negative to say. I hit my &quot;two-year limit&quot; with the Depo shot I was on, so my healthcare provider suggested this pill. I haven&#039;t been nauseous, no headaches, no appetite changes, no bloating, etc. The only negatives I can definitely complain about is the acne and sex drive. My acne is well contained while on the pill, but during the week &quot;break&quot; it flares up worse than I&#039;ve ever experienced. Also, I&#039;ve noticed an extreme loss of sex drive along with a loss of energy. I usually cringe at the thought of having sex and losing sleep; and the only thing that has changed about my routine is this pill."
"I started taking Minastrin in November after Loestrin was discontinued, I was told it was the same pill just a different name (I disagree). Like Loestrin I take Minastrin every morning at 8 a.m. I have been taking Minastrin now for almost a year. I find I have cramps all the time, I get mad very easily, no sex drive whatsoever. I&#039;m not sure if this is related but I get hot and sweat very easy now. I have gained a good bit of weight in my thighs and lower stomach, again not sure if that is related to Minastrin. When I go for my yearly exam I will be looking at switching."
"Worst pill ever after two months. Then experienced depression and would literally feel sad FOR NO REASON. I&rsquo;m not even an emotional person. Then the weight gain which I didn&rsquo;t mind. I would have no sex drive and literally be so aggravated for no reason it&rsquo;s killing my relationship. Got on a different brand with a lower dosage but decided to just use condoms cause because and the side effects aren&rsquo;t working for me. I would become so distant from people as well as I hate being touched. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!"
"Colcrys, has helped my Gout, but it has also raised my ALT, AST. Plus, I am experiencing burning, itching, numbness in both of my hands.  I see my Rheumatologist tomorrow."
"Getting the Kyleena did not hurt as much as I had expected. I took an Advil beforehand, so that probably helped.
Afterwards however, I felt very sick, and dizzy for the rest of the day. 
I would strongly recommend if you are getting this, to make sure the rest of your day is free, and that you have someone to drive you home if at all possible. I spent the next 3 days feeling dizzy, getting heaches, being tired, and just all around gross. 
I&#039;ve experienced some light bleeding, but nothing too horrible. If you get an IUD though, I would strongly recommend carrying a tampon/pad with you, as you don&#039;t want to be unprepared if bleeding does occur. 
It hasn&#039;t affected my sex life at all, and I feel fine now, so overall I&#039;d say it&#039;s good!"
"When I finally get this medication filled I will give an update on its effectiveness then.
Contrave charges an obseen amount for this perscription and insurance does not help."
"Strattera made me tired during the day and kept me awake at night. It was miserable at night. I took it for 3 months before I couldn&#039;t take it anymore. Now I take 200 mg of wellbutrin twice daily and that seems to help quite a bit with my moral and the way I view myself in the world. Honestly the strattera made a zombie out of me."
"I went on this pill to help with heavy periods. I have gained weight, I have blurred vision and my body aches constantly. I took myself off this pill.  This is my body and I know what works for me. I will have to figure out which is worse heavy cycle or side effects."
"I was on loestrin fe, to minastrin fe, now to junel 1/20 since that&#039;s all my insurance would cover. I have been on it a week and a half. This is possibly the worst birth control ever. I have been on birth control for 5 years, and not ONCE have I ever experienced this. I am moody, anxious, depressed, exhausted, mild headaches, nauseous. I have no clue who I am on this and it&#039;s only been a week and a half. I&#039;d hate to see long term effects. Coming off of it immediately"
"I have been taking this birth control and I can tell you that it is working for me. I used to take another birth control that made me always moody and depressed. But with this birth control I have been the same (actually even more relaxed). I was surprised when I saw so many people talking about the side effects because I&#039;ve got almost none so far. Sometimes a little headache but that is it. My skin has been getting better and my boobs are also getting a little bigger so that&#039;s a plus. My weight has not changed but I am also very active. I hope this helps people to understand that any pill you take, will have a different effect on each individual."
"I was on this medicine for a little over a year and I gained almost 100 pounds. I slept all the time and my emotions felt numb."
"Lunesta is helpful because it promotes a gentle rest state. I had changed from Ambian,which at times caused me to be cranky and jumpy.Lunesta will take some time in the evening to work,but I found some good sleep with this. Make sure you are monitored by your MD,Keep meds away from children and pets.If Lunesta is used responsibly it can be a good med for bad insomnia"
"I have a hard time with BC pills due to irritability and being emotional. I must say Lo loestrin Fe really helped my emotional side, but as far as my irritability it was awful. My sex drive was greatly decreased, and I always felt like something was wrong. I really wanted a pill to work, but I&#039;ve tried about 3 now and my Dr. thinks I just can&#039;t handle the hormones in pills. "
"Knee, loss of cartilage in both knees. Series 3 injections 1 wk apart. First lasted 12 months, second, same, now getting 3rd series. Works excellent. The use of Euflexxa has been excellent and continued to work well without pain for 12 months.  This is my third series of injections."
"The side effects were fairly intense for the first month, primarily depression &quot;attacks&quot; and dehydration, but they stopped almost on cue at the end of the month.  I was amazed how quickly it started working.  I lost 8-12 pounds per month for the first 6 months, then it slowed to 3-5 pounds per month for a few months.  When it slowed to about 2 pounds, I decided to go off it for awhile and allow my body to re-set.  I started again 6 months later, but it no longer had any effect.  My total weight loss on Qsymia was about 70 pounds.  I would highly recommend it, as it was so effective for the first months, and allowed me to eat a healthy diet without the usual physical and mental struggles.  But very expensive.  Coupon very helpful."
"Back in my early 20&#039;s, I started experiencing severe agitation, anxiety, mood swings, and couldn&#039;t think straight, along with OCD etc. I finally went to see a psychiatrist. He put me on Paxil, Klonopin, and Risperdal. When I 1st started this combo of drugs, I felt very good, very clear headed. It almost seemed like I was myself again. After a few years, the side effects started brewing. My anxiety returned in full force, my thoughts were disorganized once again, and I began itching all over my body, especially my legs and feet. My bladder went bad. Gained weight. From the get go, Risperdal made me EXTREMELY ANXIOUS upon taking it.  It was the culprit behind my itchy skin and bladder issues too. BE CAREFUL. Caused SEVERE INNER RESTLESSNESS!"
"Works great as a fever reducer."
"I suffered from anxiety/depression since I was 16. I&#039;m 25 now. I started self medicated in my early 20&#039;s.  When I tried to stop due to addiction issues, my symptoms worsened to the point where I woke every morning with a feeling of intense dread.  I felt the world was against me, I had severe social anxiety, and I was trapped in my own head.  Enter Lexapro 10mg.  I&#039;ve only been on this medicine for 2 weeks and I feel SO much more emotionally stable. Felt a positive difference Day 1.   I&#039;m able to deal with real problems now instead of make believe ones.  I&#039;m so much more in control.  The world isn&#039;t nearly as threatening as it was before.  It&#039;s all a bit funny now, I don&#039;t take myself or anyone else too seriously.  No side effects either."
"I have been taking Seraquel for 10 years of varying dosage until finding the right balance of this medication. 

It cured my insomnia and dampened the racingthoughts. Very happy with it for those reasons. 

However. I feel very dizzy and tired around an hour after taking 350mg at night. 

It levels out the mood swings. 

Curbs  feelings of elation and empathy. Which is quite a price  to pay for steady moods.

To conclude, Seraquel has had a very positive influence in the treatment of Bipolar Disorder. I think of it as preventative medication that &quot;quietens&quot; the mind. (Hence Quetiapine - it&#039;s pharmaceutical name)."
"In response to Natalie- why didn&#039;t your doctor wean you off this medication? By just  cutting your dose by half-if that&#039;s what he/she did here,  no wonder you&#039;re experiencing such horrific side effects - speak up! My daughter just started taking this for panic disorder brought about by MIf the RX only comes in capsule form at those two doses- then there needs to be advocacy to change this so there is a way to wean off this med! So many people report negative side effects- withdrawal shouldn&#039;t be torture and you might need to find a more compassionate doctor- it astonishes me the lack of empathy some professionals have- considering their career choice- if they can&#039;t be compassionate, they should stay AWAY from patients and stick to reearch!"
"i started belviq one week ago, i got on the scale im 3lbs up. my legs have been swollen since yesterday..i feel dizzy and fatigue taking it..ive been eating less and exercising at least 3 times in the past week.i don&#039;t think this pill is for me...im feeling uncomfortable with swollen legs its scary...i will call my physician tomorrow to see what i can do for this to go away...but i wont take another pill after this."
"I took Paxil for 10 years.  Started on 20mg and had intense anxiety, confusion, panic. Doctor insisted it was all in my head.  Therapist told me to cut the dose in 1/2.  Felt somewhat better. Went up to 20mg after a few months and began to get brain zaps. A close friend told me I had lost my personality. Slept 10-14 hrs a night and frustrated my partner because of sleeping, no sex drive and no ability to feel sexual pleasure.  Effects of alcohol intensified-  passed out from 2 drinks or became over-emotional.  Tapered from 20mg to 0 slowly over the 10 yrs.  Each tiny decrease resulted in ~2wk period of increased anxiety. I think overall it numbed the panic but CBT therapy and getting older may have been more or similarly effective. "
"I have had Implanon for 3 years. I never had weight gain, mood swings or pain but at the end of the 3 years, for a few months I did get sever acne, depression and weight gain. The two and a half years without periods or the worry if I could get pregnant is worth the few months of acne and weight gain."
"I think the physicians are prescribing too high a dosage for those that are having such terrible side effects.  My doctor started me with just 12.5mg.  Yesterday she increased it to 25mg and today I&#039;ve had some dizziness, a little nausea and some palpitations. I&#039;ll go back to the 12.5mg - it didn&#039;t completely eliminate my pain but it was so much better.  I was able to do my house work and even did a little shopping which is very good for me.  I take Lyrica at night and just the 12.5mg Savella in the morning with breakfast. Maybe the physicians could reduce the dosage with better results.  My arms are still sore but not as bad.  I&#039;ll continue the Savella, at least for now."
"I was put on Linzess a few weeks ago. I have struggled with chronic constipation for many years. I have tried every OTC laxative with no luck. I didn&#039;t think this would work. For the first week, it didn&#039;t do anything for me. I was losing hope. Then by the 2nd week, it was creating softer stools to be passed. I had a colonoscopy a couple weeks ago, and I had to take bowel prep, which cleaned me completely out. I have also switched to a gluten-free diet, which has helped greatly (and I honestly didn&#039;t think it would). I take Linzess every other day now instead of every day. It still works for me. However, it works a lot quicker than it did prior to the colonoscopy. I don&#039;t have to run to the bathroom, but I can feel it when it kicks in."
"Got my paraguard on my period, I&#039;m 22 and never have had a child. My doctor numbed my uterus beforehand, the insertion was a few deep strong cramps and feeling like being prodded, but nothing too crazy. The first few hours I was having some sharp cramps, after the numbing wore off I almost went to the ER, it felt like I was having contractions and giving birth. Advil didn&#039;t help at all. My doc called in Tylenol #3 and it helped a lot mixed with Advil and the pain subsided after a few days like she said it would. 3 months in and I&#039;ve already dropped 15 pounds from not being on hormones anymore! The cramps are non-existent now when I don&#039;t have my period. My periods were light-moderate and now they&#039;re heavy. My bf can&#039;t feel the strings! 8/10"
"I love this stuff! Instant relief from nasal discomfort.  The only problem I have is it causes me severe leg and foot cramps.  Didn&#039;t see this listed on any other complaints, just wondering if anyone else has had this reaction?"
"Ritalin is great . I ve been taking it for 6 months now after being diagnosed with adhd. Now I can focus on my school work and stay alerted when last year I was sleeping the whole day during school and could learn anything. Marks of course have jumped from C to A as I can focus and stop doing stupid mistakes in tests that I didn t realize I was doing nor could spot due to the lack of patience. Impulses have been reduced also"
"I love Implanon so far. It has been a year since having Implanon inserted. I do have occasional back and chest break outs but just a pimple here or there. Nothing more than 2 or 3 at a time. Instead of weight gain I have had weight loss without trying at all. Normally during the winter I put on anywhere from 5-10lbs. Over the last year my weight has decreased by 10 lbs. Initially my mood swings were ridiculous. Now I may just be used to the mood swings, not sure! I haven&#039;t had my period since before insertion. It&#039;s worth a shot!"
"Enbrel most likely saved my life. Was eating less znd less due to pain in jaw. Range of motion loss in neck, hip, jaw and  back largely regained after taking Enbrel. On it for 6  years. Pain went away day after starting it. First symptom was probably iritis episode in 2000. Now 53 years old and only worry is how to pay for it with all the changes in medical coverage."
"I was taking an acid reducer called Ranitidine quite often over  a 3 year period.  Doctor prescribed 40mg Protonix for 28 days and my stomach  felt so much better. Now going without the medication for 10 days, it feels as if my stomach is not doing so well. Doctor advised that I take 20 mg when needed. Bottom line - it worked for me."
"Hi guys. I&#039;m 30 years old, and have been slowly receeding and balding for about 6 years. I&#039;d say I&#039;ve lost and inch and a half from my hairline, and my crown has thinned alot. Not quite a bald patch, but definitely thinning out. I read about propecia a couple of years ago, and the horror stories put me off, despite the fact that I REALLY want to keep my hair. A workmate pointed out how thin I am on top a couple of weeks ago which gave me a kick up the arse. I have been on propecia for a two weeks now, and my hair loss has stopped already! When I showered before, my hands would have at least 30 hairs on them, now 1 or 2. I was terrified of the sexual side effects, but I can honestly say I&#039;ve felt next to none (very slight testicle ache)."
"Have been taking Pristiq for 4 weeks and am feeling great. More focused relaxed and energetic. Can think clearer and no anxiety. Had dry mouth dizziness and loss of appetite for first couple of days."
"Works very well controlling my blood pressure."
"I&#039;ve read a few womens comments and honestly I&#039;ve had no bad side effects or experiences whatsoever. I&#039;m not sure what factors are taken into consideration. Im 5&#039;3 latina in great shape, 130 to be exact. This pill honestly has not affected my sex drive at all - so in my opinion to each its own. 

Monitor your own symptoms."
"My main issue was facing depression for years and took several antidepressants in the past. I don&#039;t have bipolar, but my psychiatrist decided to try a mood stabilizer for the first time since antidepressants weren&#039;t working and since I tried to commit suicide for the 2nd time a few months back. 

Trileptal has completely took away my depression. Even when I hit a bump in the road, I&#039;m not even close to the person I was a few months ago. I&#039;m able to work 6 days a week, have more energy, and my thoughts of suicide are no longer present. Having a BA in psychology I want to add that meds are not a &quot;cure&quot;, but sometimes it is better than wanting to take your life and at least be an aid to help you get back on track."
"So I have always struggled with my weight, I am either trying to loose weight or gaining it....there is never an steady weight for me. I feel like I can loose weight rather quickly if I give up 100% of my mindset on it, but the downside of that is I also gain just as quickly. Now that I am in my late 30&#039;s the extra weight is now effecting my health causing high blood pressure, high cholesterol, very low self esteem, and complete misery. I love clothes, but never even want to get dressed anymore because I am uncomfortable and can&#039;t wear what I love. I am to the point that the extra weight is changing my once outgoing, bubbly personality into a shy, quiet girl because I am uncomfortable in my skin. I hope this helps! I need it badly."
"Very effective and low side effect profile in my experience. I didn&#039;t take my second dose by accident and I notice a huge difference. Trileptal really helps specifically for severe mania in combination with a neuroleptic."
"I have stomach pain - does it go away? So far it&#039;s been helping me.  I&#039;ve been on for 2 weeks but I can&#039;t take the pain."
"I&#039;m 24 years old and have taken Adderall over the course of 10 years. I know the only side effect I couldn&#039;t control is the stunting of my growth. I&#039;m 5&#039;7&quot; and I only grew 1/2 inch in high school. I&#039;m given 90, 30mg monthly. It has always improved my grades, however knowing that tolerance builds I do not take it all the time. Remember you have to take care of your body, especially your heart and liver, because long-term use side effects are still not concisely known."
"One day and I already feel better after being laid up for 5 days regret not calling my doctor sooner!"
"This week I started off on of 5 mg and then went up to 10mg. I&#039;ve been doing a lot of spiritual work so I&#039;m not sure whether I feel better because of the drug or because of trying to change my thinking. But one thing I&#039;ve definitely noticed is that I am totally constipated.   Not even an urge to go.  I&#039;ll try the medication until  this batch is done, and hopefully the side effect will have gone. Otherwise I don&#039;t think I can stay on it.  No other side effects that I can see right now"
"Lowered cholesterol from high 250s to 130 in 8 months with no noticable side effects. My doctor is lowering the dosage level- want to see if I can keep the numbers down on a lower dose."
"I had mine inserted in March of 2016. It is very effective in preventing pregnancies but it has caused me to break out everywhere. I had never had any pimples on my chest or back and very few on my face and now I get them all the time. I have noticed that my hair falls out a lot more yet my under arm and leg hair grow faster. My periods have been really irregular. Didn&#039;t have one for 2 months, got one that lasted a month but wasn&#039;t very heavy and now it has been 2 months again with no period. Not sure if I will get it removed but I&#039;m gonna give it a few more months at least. Insert didn&#039;t hurt, just the litacane (numbing stuff) and the insertion site does not bother me at all, forget it&#039;s there."
"I&#039;m 28 problem started when I was about 22yr. old. I took dicyclomine for about a week for my Colon. After 3rd MRI spent 2.5 days in hospital. Only for them to tell me we don&#039;t know what is wrong with you here try these pills. They sent me home I had to crawl on my hands and knees vomiting along the way from hospital exit to my car. The pills (20mg) helped after about 3rd day then they seemed to make it hurt. Now I only take it when I can feel my colon starting to hurt it seems to work good that way. I&#039;m still taking it."
"I take this with other meds for my ADD and mania. Now my sentences come together and thought processes, I&#039;m not always fighting to stay awake, I can concentrate on single subjects. Waking up in the morning from a night of Antipsychotic medication that knocks you out isn&#039;t a problem anymore. Would give it a 10 but it looses efficacy over time - moved from 250 mg. AM dose to 250 mg as soon as I awake and another 125 mg 4 hours later. Otherwise I feel a crash without my 2nd half dose. Find a coupon, this is no cheap drug."
"This is my first time ever being on birth control and so far I&#039;m loving this NuvaRing. I&#039;ve lost 5 pounds in 3 weeks. No acne only side effect is that I can&#039;t keep anything down all I want to eat is fruits and salads, my doctor said it was normal and that maybe this will help with the anxiety I had before. But everybody is different lets keep that in mind."
"I have been struggling with acne since I graduated high school. It got REALLY BAD. Around that time (high school) is when I first took isotretinoin. I took it for about 3 months and it worked wonders for me. However 8 years later the bad acne has reappeared. I take Amnesteem now. I&#039;m in my second week and its making it worse. I don&#039;t remember this medicine doing this the first time. The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced was dry lips, dry skin and dry eyes so far. I hope this gets better for me. If it does I will update this comment."
"Fortesta was my 1st try with a hormonal treatment. My Doc rocks and had a discount card. Was following the directions as my Testosterone levels were not in the normal range of 400-900 mg/dcl. Anyway, after the same depression, insomnia, overall and weakness symptoms some described here, my mega blood work revealed that I was at 109 on the Tes-scale. 
Only warning I would put forth is to watch the dosage. I experienced some &quot;fits of irritability&quot; and then slight back pimples, etc. So I adjusted the dosage to half and lasted twice as long. Worked out well as I am of smaller stature at 5&#039;-6&quot; and 142lbs. Too much testosterone. Works well and dries quickly.
"
"It seemed okay. I was more alert than when using oxycodone. After three weeks, the side effects outweigh the positives. It was more psychotic than I had planned. After the 75 mg dose wore off, the drop off was steep. I felt very agitated and somewhat aggressive. Similar to prescribed amphetamine or steroid. It makes me so agitated that I have decided to go back to the Oxy. I also experienced some respiratory distress and diminished vision. Good try as an alternative but it is not for me. Kadian had similar reactions."
"My doctor gave me Lexapro 5 mg for depression and anxiety.  Shortly after my first dose I felt nothing but side effects and no benefit.  Side effects were extreme restlessness, tired, constant yawning and insomnia, so I stopped immediately.  I then thought that maybe 5 mg was too much so I split that in half totaling 2.5 mg. and this worked perfectly.

I suffered from moderate to severe depression, extreme fatigue, crying spells especially in the morning, no motivation, negative and pessimistic, etc.  Lexapro at 2.5mg gave me instant relief and energy.  I&#039;m a firm believer in starting at the lowest possible dose and see how you go from there.  If side effects outweigh the benefits, try a lower dose."
"I got the liletta put in May 2016. A little discomfort at the time of insertion. Light spotting and cramping the day after. Over all, for me and my husband, he doesn&#039;t feel a thing. I Totally hate the spotting.  Literally bleeding for 3 weeks.  Then normal for 2. Maybe a little exaggerated on the 3 weeks. But I&#039;ve figured out the process.  2 weeks of daily, consistent spotting. 1 weeks menses. Normal the week after menses and the week of ovulation. Trying to wait the 6 months. My doctor says it stops around that time. Wish me luck"
"48 hours ago my fiance and I decided to do Fentanyl just to get high we&#039;re not physically dependent and we&#039;ve actually had some significant clean time in between it was my third time so I knew how strong it has gotten or at least our tolerance wasn&#039;t as high as it used to be. It was his second time and being who he is he decided to do more than I suggested which I&#039;m not promoting it I&#039;m just saying normally... I didn&#039;t realize I only had some much space to type my experience anyway needless to say it was the most terrifying experience of my life I&#039;ve never overdosed before and I am just grateful they had they naloxone I had it nasally administered... They said I was on the verge of death. Scary stuff man thank God for Narcan"
"I have been on Trinessa for 2 months now and it is my first go at a birth control pill. Overall, I&#039;m fairly happy. The first month was a mess, but now, by the second month, things are MUCH more regular. You really have to give this pill a chance to adapt and jive with your system. My acne is improving, after taking a terrible hit during the first month. I still experience occasional cystic bumps, but they are much better than before I began Trinessa. Trust me, the first month is almost hopeless. But, by the second month things are really looking up! Don&#039;t be afraid to try it because of some of the negative reviews, you&#039;ve got to find out what works with your body!"
"I got on this birth control April 18 2015 , it was cool throughout my  first 22 months then I start  gaining weigh everything became irritating to me everything was making me upset , I can see a big changes in my emotions and I also gained anger. I&#039;m always tired and I&#039;m always nauseated. But I didn&#039;t get pregnant so if you don&#039;t care about the side effects then good luck"
"Omg what ever you do please don&#039;t use !!! I have had several YIs in my day , so the other day after some itching and discomfort I decided to grab the three day miconazole ..... WOW within seconds of inserting I ran out of the bathroom crying for my mom to help, I have never been in more pain in my life , I thought my skin was melting off , I literally dug out all the cream with my fingers and flushed my poor vag out with water ... I&#039;m laying in bed 30 minutes later and I&#039;m still in pain... I will be calling tomorrow to get my money back , it should be illegal to sell this vaginal acid."
"My boyfriend and I were getting pretty serious so I thought to ask my OB about birth control. I had read about the patch and thought why not, so she prescribed me it and I didn&#039;t even need to have an exam. This is my first time using birth control (I&#039;m 16). So far, the patch is awesome. My acne cleared up, and my breasts have grown a bit. When I first started using it,  I had some cramps but that may just have been because of my period although the cramps were worse where I had placed the patch. I felt nauseous for about a week but it was intermittent and went away. After that I felt completely fine. And I have discovered that the best place to put the patch is on your hip near your butt, that way it doesn&#039;t wrinkle."
"I have herniated discs in my lower back, I have been on 10mg/325mg norco 4 times daily for 11 months. All of a sudden this other pain doctor I was forced to see since mine disappeared put me on T4&#039;s which are complete JUNK! I would rather take nothing at all... I feel like I am just flooding my liver with tylenol for nothing... The DEA needs to stop threatening doctors with jail and let them do their jobs. I&#039;m sorry but just because some junkies decided to shoot heroin and die doesn&#039;t give them the right to deny me quality Healthcare... I AM PISSED because I am in PAIN! I DON&#039;T WANT TO GET HIGH I JUST WANT RELIEF!"
"Horrible I get breakthrough bleeding weeks before my period and then it lasts for what feels like forever.....switching to a different birth control in 2 weeks.....HORRIBLE"
"This is the first BC I have been on and have been taking it for two years now. I have had no issues with it. While starting I did have the normal spotting until my body was used to it. But after my first two periods I was fine. I haven&#039;t experienced any mood swings or pain. If I miss my pill I take it as soon as I can remember and I am fine."
"It seemed to give me restless legs and and a very dry mouth...first day. I&#039;ll post next week to tell how it really reacts with me."
"I used Ultram for 3 years for chronic back pain/sciatica. It&#039;s the only medicine that relieved the pain every time. I took 1-3 50mg pills per day and NEVER had to increase dosage. HOWEVER, I started having memory/attention problems, shaking, blurry vision and possible seizures (being evaluated now). 
I&#039;ve been off Ultram for nearly a month now and it feels like the veil has been lifted... like my brain&#039;s back, clarity. But my original pain feels twice as bad, I have restless legs syndrome and am sleeping MAYBE 4 hours per night. All are symptoms of withdrawal. It worked great for the pain. 
"
"As I have gotten older my eyes have become quite irritated due to dry eyes. Usually they get very itchy and they burn a lot, and I have to scratch them a lot, which is not good for the eyes. I went to the optometrist and he prescribed me Systane which is OTC eye drops. I used them for about a year. They provide good temporary relief and were good for the short term, but they were never a permanent solution, and they made my eyes burn a lot, I saw mediocre result with them. I then went to the eye doctor and he prescribed me Xiidra. He gave me a coupon, so the first month would be free. I noticed immediate results. The side effects were bad taste in mouth and blurry vision, but rarely do my eyes burn with them. My eyes look better also."
"This medication killed my father. He took it for 3 weeks having been prescribed this for his first episode of atrial fibrillation. The autopsy results were a definitive cause of death due to lung and liver toxicity caused by the cordarone. Do not take this medicine. It will kill you."
"I was given neulester after my chemo treatments as well. I was expecting the worst, because that is what you hear from others. I received 16 treatment of chemo and 16 of neulester and I can truly say that I was blessed with everything. I do recall having a little pain in my legs one day,but it last for appr. Two hours on and off. My count remain where it needed to be,never went down."
"Finally took the sample given to me by my doctor after nothing else was making a dent in my migraine after approximately 12 hours. This worked literally within an hour. Felt wonderful and not at all &quot;fuzzy&quot; headed. Will always be keeping a dose of this on hand with me."
"Let me just say that I&#039;ve tried everything. NOTHING was working. Some products would keep my acne at bay, but never actually get rid of it. Since 7th grade, I&#039;ve had severe cystic acne, along with huge whiteheads, blackheads, and tiny clogged pores that would NOT go away even when my skin was clear. 
My dermatologist prescribed Epiduo along with Acanya (just for the cystic acne) and Cetaphil (facewash) . Although I believed it would never work, after 3 months on it, my skin was clear! Not just better, but actually clear! Friends, family, and even strangers would compliment me on my skin. I can&#039;t believe it and it&#039;s made me amazingly confident to think that I&#039;m one of the lucky people with clear skin. I highly recommend this."
"After trying Vesicare, Enablex and Gelnique, I was giving up.  My doctor suggested trying this one...Sanctura. I saw results the very next day. I can not only sleep through the night, I am no longer running to get to the toilet in the morning. I&#039;ve only been on it 5 days. No side effects yet.  But I also take stool softeners. No dry mouth...no sleepiness.  I also have given up caffeine at the same time I began this pill. Not sure if that helped as well, but I am now very happy!"
"This medicine really helps with my conditions. I&#039;ve tried many medicines to no avail. Hope this helps."
"The people that developed Harvoni should receive the Nobel Peace Prize for medicine. I carried this virus for 40 years!  Took the pill for 24 weeks and so far, I&#039;m cured!  This is nothing short of a miracle. I only hope that Many more people can be cured also.  Thanks for saving my life. Sincerely,  Todd C."
"This was my third kidney stone. The first two (3mm) were very painful and I used pain killers, no flomax. The ER did a CAT scan and said this stone was 5 mm and located at the junction between the ureter and kidney, and was causing mild hydronephrosis. They gave me flomax and pain meds. I do not like to take medicine and since pain was bearable at that point, I just took the flomax not the pain meds. I was skeptical since the FDA has only approved Flomax in men with prostate issues but doctor explained it helps the ureter stretch. I took it in the evenings after dinner and had no noticeable side effects. Took about two weeks, but stone passed and I never took a singe pain pill - did drink tons of water, had a bit of cramping, that&#039;s all!"
"I was diagnosed with Panic Disorder and Major Depression which was a total panic in itself. My doctor and therapist both agreed that I should take an antidepressant. I was so scared of the medicine because of the panic disorder that I tried other remedies first. I did EMDR cognitive thinking as well as many others. After a few months of therapy, and depression getting worse I decided to give it a try. It has saved my life. If you are scared it is worth it. The side effects for me lasted about 2 days and were very mininal really just dry mouth and tired that was about it. I have only been taking this medication for 3 weeks and feel awesome. I have some anxiety but I am able to control it the way any other human should and can. I recommend it."
"I love Implanon! I used to have NuvaRing and it caused many yeast infections and bacterial vaginitis. Since I&#039;ve switched to Implanon I haven&#039;t had any issues whatsoever. I am terrified of needles and the only reason I didn&#039;t get Implanon earlier was for the fear of the huge needle they would put in my arm. Honestly I didn&#039;t feel a thing. The numbing medicine stung a little bit but I couldn&#039;t even tell when they put my Implanon in. I had a cold rag over my eyes and I was still waiting for the pain when they told me it was all over. I haven&#039;t had any side effects nor weight gain. I love it!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this for 3 months. I lost 30lbs in the first 2 months, and have maintained for the past month. This past month I&#039;ve been eating horribly just b/c I&#039;ve been distracted by other personal problems. But I haven&#039;t gained a single pound back, mainly because this stuff will not let you overeat. I have next to no appetite, so even when I do eat junk, I can only eat maybe 1/3 of it. I&#039;ve had to REMIND myself to eat a few times, that&#039;s how much this has killed my appetite. First month was rough with side effects; lots of vomiting immediately after eating, fatigue, etc. But the weight practically fell off against my will.  It&#039;s a life changer!"
"This was absolutely horrible. I had a migraine at work and luckily I work for a DR office. I took one pill since that&#039;s all that&#039;s in the sample. About 10 mins later I was sweating, face was blood red, very very nauseated, felt weird, I was dizzy. I ended up having to leave work and go lay down. Here we are 12 hours later and still a migraine. I am glad to hear it works for most but I&#039;d never take it again."
"Works great and better than the new antipsychotics. Helps my anxiety a lot.  Very strong medicine. Only thing I hate about it is when I went back on it I gained 15 pounds in a week. :*("
"The combo of atenolol in the morning and 1 propafanone at
bedtime has stopped my atrial-fibrillation in its tracks!"
"I was taking to control facial hair growth. I just finished my first pack and I&#039;ve see all the negative side effects. My period was light, only needing a panty liner but I&#039;ve been spotting for over two weeks now. I never had heavy periods so it&#039;s kind of annoying. I did get and am still bloated. The hair growth have not stopped, still grows at the same pace. If no change in three months, I plan to stop."
"Been using Victoza for 1 month, down 25lbs.
Was nauseous at first but got Zofran, took with the shot, works great."
"Ive been on the pill for almost a year and the first three months my period was not regulated that after my period was regulated but i would spot 3 days before I had my period and I had no symtoms but after about 6 to 7 months I notice that my boobs would be tender almost all the time and that my appetite increase like I would be full after eating about 2-3 plate of food then like 30 mins to an hour later I would be hungry again and then I  gained weight maybe like 5 to 8 pounds over 6 months it works and I really dont have a problem with the symptoms cause I now got use to it and my sex drive has acually increased"
"Every time i get a UTI they put me on Bactrim and it doesn&#039;t help at all. Then they will put me on Cipro and it gets the job done. So now I tell the doctor I want Cipro for a UTI."
"I have been through just about every as an abortive for migraines, and this is the only thing that has consistently worked. Fioriocet worked for a while, but a tolerance is gained so I was put on ketorolac tabs instead of IM. I can finally live again. I haven&#039;t notice any of the side effect either."
"I was put on Klonopin about 8 months ago...My bp would not come down with lisipril so the Dr put me on Klons, Valium, and Lexapro to stop whatever was going on... She stopped the valium but im still on the lexapro and klons...Im prescribed 90 klons 1mg a month and 60 10mgs lexapros a month...Well those didnt work but the lexapro and klons did with my anxiety  but now im on Azor 10/40 again to try to get it down...Anxiety sucks and I dont wish it on my worst enemy... Well maybe...lol"
"Works well after 4-6 weeks of use but extremely pricey if don&#039;t have insurance coverage."
"I started on Belviq 2 weeks ago and I am down 26 lbs.  I started at 383 and am down to 357.  I assume much of my wt loss (20 lbs) the first week was water wt as I was eating fast food every day.  I also am using my fitness pal to help count my calories.  I have also begun to walk as a form of excercise.   After going out to eat this past weekend for a celebration I brought home 1/2 my meal which I have never done in my entire life.  I have lost wt on my own in the past, but felt due to depression and being in a hole I needed some help this time.  I also am only taking one 10 mg pill a day instead of the 10 mg 2x daily.  I am not hungry and the pills are expensive so if one pill a day is working this is what I will continue on."
"I have had bad pain in both wrists for one and a half years now, I have had to leave my job as a gardener for 10 years. I found it effective with pain working up to 30mg but stopped as I don&#039;t wont to have to always take drugs, but now the pain is back."
"I wanna take the time out to thank who ever invented Zoloft. I use to be so depressed,  I didn&#039;t want to be around my kids or my husband.  I would tell my husband I was tired of existing.  My life was turning inside out. So I knew I needed help so I talk to my doctor I explained to her what I was going through and she said Zoloft would be perfect. I didn&#039;t want to believe I needed meds but coming to find out it wasn&#039;t bad at all. I&#039;m happy now my kids love to play with me and think I&#039;m so cool!!!  My husband who was so patient just loves all over me and he&#039;s proud I didn&#039;t give it. I&#039;m only 28 yrs old and I feel like I&#039;m a teen all over!!! Thanks Zoloft"
"I am technically taking this for reactive arthritis, that I have struggled with on and off for 15 years.  Most recently on a 4 year stint, where I have been talking steroids.  The idea was that this would allow me to get off of steroids.  It took a few months to seem to help, but now (6 months) I have been weening off the steroids.  In the beginning  I experienced migraines, which I never had before, about 2 per week, Now about 1 per month. I also regularly experience diarrhea, not having to go more often, but lose stool when I do.  Annoying but tolerable.  It also seems to work as an appetite suppressant, which is positive side effect for me at 40 yrs old  lost about 8 lbs so far. So overall pretty good med now that migraines are less."
"I have been on Methadose for about 10 years.  When I started treatment I soon learned the good and bad sides of methadone maintenance treatment (MMT). Yes, I have my life back, I am clean and sober...but methadone is a double edged knife. I have tried to detox from it, I cannot begin to tell you the pain of detox, it&#039;s the worst detox I&#039;ve ever had. It took me 1 year to feel normal! I&#039;ve gained a TON of weight from methadone. I don&#039;t know if methadone causes you to gain weight, but I know many people that have gained 25-50 pounds after starting methadone. Also, my teeth are very bad. I need dentures,  I&#039;m not sure if methadone was the cause of my bad teeth, but I know many people with the same problem. I would tell people think about MMT before starting it."
"For me Questran is fantastic.  Without it I would be too ill to leave the house."
"Started taking 60 mg in the morning for 9 days and then increased the dosage to 80 mg for major depression along with anxiety.  The main effects I felt were extreme agitation, irritation, and anger.  It was next to impossible to concentrate on anything.  My body and brain were very restless.  Realizing that antidepressants take some time before they reach full effect, I tried my best to push myself to stay on it to see if I experienced any improvements.  I didn%u2019t.  So, after 5 weeks, I stopped taking it."
"Awesome. It really works with little to no side effects.  The worst that happened was in the first 2-3 days I had the &quot;feeling restless or aggressive&quot; symptom and the extremely dry mouth.  After that, I was fine."
"I have used Nupercainal, Preparation H and Tronolane.  Nupercainal is effective, Prep. H smells and is greasy, Tronolane is outstanding.  I have now been using it for at least 10 years, as required, and it always relieves pain and soothes the area. Tronolane is a wonderful product."
"Starting on .25 dosage and has helped my anxiety enormously. Have to say that has also helped my depression as well. I got my 1st good noghts sleep in months. Helps with panic attacks as well. I think sleep depravation plays a major role in scattered thoughts and feeling of hopelessness. Once we start getting back to regular sleep patterns, we can all feel sane and less overwhelmed in our everyday lives! Good luck to all!"
"I&#039;ve been on metformin for 2 weeks now and am so happy with the results that it makes me want to cry.  I&#039;ve lost 6 pounds, I have my energy back and I&#039;m just happy again. I feel like I&#039;m back to myself after not being for the past 3 years.  I would recommend it to anyone who suffers from PCOS."
"Insertion was quite painful. Cramping, although no bleeding. 
No period at all for the first 6 months. My first period was about 5 days long &amp; very light. 
But I gained 5 lbs since I got it. Food cravings are ridiculous and I recently developed an unbearable odor coming from my cervix. 
Monthly, I&#039;m supposed to check the string to make sure mirena is still in place, and doing so after my first period, there was a thick white discharge that smelled sour and wouldn&#039;t go away even after douching daily. I got myself checked for an infection because it was accompanied by itching when it first started (no multiple partners)  I thought it was a yeast infection, but I was clear; no infection at all. I think the bad outweighs the good for mirena."
"I am on my second round of celexa. I took it many years ago for a few years, only 10mg a day. It definitely worked but after a few years I decided to get off it. You need to ween yourself off it very slowly if you&rsquo;ve taken it for a long time. I experienced voices and hallucinations the first couple days going off it completely after I thought I had weened myself enough so I had to ween myself for another month. I had never had symptoms like that in my life. However, I got off of it. Now my depression and anxiety came back for quite a bit so I went back on celexa 20 mg and it is definitely helping. My recommendation is to avoid a lot of caffeine while on this drug or you will notice anxiety increases more so than when you&rsquo;re not on celexa."
"Took for the first time last night slept perfect. Did wake up groggy for the first 2 hours, small price to pay. I have been on over ten different meds and this by far works wonders."
"I have tried Singular three different times. Each time it has caused suicidal tendancies in me. This happens soon after I take it. My mood was very scary on this. I was prescribed this for asthma and allergies. I stopped taking it since it seemed to just depress me."
"I was prescribed Ambien after suffering a serious bout of insomnia that no OTC sleep aid would touch. I was given 10 MG. The first night I took it, I woke up feeling like I was in heaven. I hadn&#039;t slept that well since I was a kid. I used it for three months, and the only reason I stopped taking it is because the 10 MG dosage eventually &quot;pooped out&quot; on me and my doctor did not want to increase the dose, so he switched me to Lunesta. But it was great while it lasted. I did have some weird hallucinations happen if I took it and stayed up for a while, so make sure you take it and go right to bed. I quit cold turkey to go on Lunesta and had no problems discontinuing it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Tri-Sprintec for a few weeks now and I have been breaking out and I usually have great skin.  I usually sleep a good 8-9 hours a night and now I&#039;m having A LOT of trouble sleeping and I wake up without being able to fall back to sleep after 3-5 hours. I have felt very nauseous and I have even thrown up a few times. I will be switching to something else very soon."
"I&#039;ve had dulcolax many times before and always get a varied reaction. Usually it kicks in after about two hours. I will have moderate to severe cramps for a further few hours then diarrhea until the cramps stop. Sometimes I can&#039;t go for hours and am left with unproductive cramps all night. Sometimes there are no cramps and no effect (in this case I follow up with senna plus dulcolax the next day). My worst experience was a few years ago where I didnt experience cramps until the morning. After an incredibly painful few hours I passed an incredible amount of diarrhea over the next 24 hours to the point I was certain I had cholera; every 5 minutes I would need to run to the bathroom and pass a few litres of water."
"After transitioning into university I had a really horrible time with anxiety. I started to feel down all the time and couldn&#039;t stand it. First I was given 10mgs and I worked well for the first two weeks, then I just felt worse. Been on 20mg and that is the perfect dose for me. I feel normal again, it&#039;s great to feel the way I used too."
"I&#039;ve had the mirena for a little over a year. I haven&#039;t had a period in about 8 months but occasionally do get cramps. My sex drive has become very high. I&#039;ve also gained 30 lbs since I got it. That&#039;s been the only down side of the mirena. Other than the insane weight gain, the mirena has been very effective and painless."
"While this medication calmed my stress, I wish I had never gone on it.  I have been trying to go off it for two years.  The withdrawal symptoms are horrendous. Brain zaps, anxiety ten times worse than before meds, isolation, low energy, extreme irritability, very quick to anger.  No joy.  I used to be a very happy and caring person. No more.  I would never wish this on anyone else..."
"I have been using this for five years and wow is it great! For those of you who have problems with it burning try spraying Bactine on after you have used the Drysol and then blow dry on low with a hair dryer for a minute or so on each underarm. This will help with the burning at night, Good luck."
"Only the 4th day and can&#039;t sleep due to rapid heart rate and high blood pressure. Very dizzy and nauseous. Panic attacks due to the side effect of this drug. Feel terrible."
"Opana doesn&#039;t work switch oxy morphine generic, when they changed Opana they ruined  it."
"I&#039;m in the middle of my third month using trinessa.  I&#039;m 17 and it&#039;s the first form of birth controll pills I&#039;ve tried.  Overall these first few months have been a positive experience. I had minor acne which is all gone and I never break out.  My periods are much lighter.  I only have to use a &quot;regular&quot; size tampon for 4 days but then I will usually spot for 3-4 more days, in which I&#039;ll just use a panty liner.  My first week and month on trinessa was pretty difficult, it messed with my vision and definitely my mood.  I became very depressed and even suicidal at times but things have gotten better since then.  I have not gained or lost any weight on the pill and still have the same appetite.  Also, It has been a great contraceptive.  :)"
"The first month was great aside from acne and stomach cramps. The second month was horrible.  On top of the acne and stomach cramps, I was very sensitive during intercourse, I was unable to sleep and had horrible dreams every night.  I also became manic-depressive, more so on the depressed side.  I did gain a little extra weight but not too much."
"Before starting birth control (about six months ago) I was really scared and nervous, I must report however, that I have seen no negative side effects and I would definitely recommend this pill. I am 17 years old and to any other teen who is thinking about going on the pill but has heard  negative things about I would like to tell you to just try it because chances are you&#039;ll see no side effects and if you do they will not be as permanent as bearing a baby. Good luck!"
"I started taking Seroquel about four years ago.  I was a severe alcoholic at the time.  I was once up to 900 mg daily.  I quit drinking over a year ago.  I switched to a new medication because of weight gain.  Latuda did nothing for me.  In addition once I was completely off Seroquel my anxiety and insomnia went through the roof.  It was so severe that my doctor put me back on Seroquel.

 I have been diagnosed with bipolar type II, generalized anxiety disorder and PTSD.  My doctor started seeing me every two weeks, and we were finally able to find my &quot;magic dose&quot; which is 200mg at bedtime.  He also added lithium.
I am very pleased with Seroquel.  I know that many people can&#039;t tolerate it because it is a hard drug, but for me it works great"
"I&#039;ve been on 600mg along with 20mg of olanzapinne and 150mg of amitryptyline. I still get mood swings - not to the same extent as before but I still get them.  Sometimes I find it hard to be around other people because my mood reflects theirs so I try to keep away. On a couple of occasions I&#039;ve been on a high and I&#039;ve invited the local homeless to crash at my flat; both times I was robbed while asleep.  I&#039;m considering Lithium as an alternative to my current medications but I don&#039;t see my psychiatrist for another month so I&#039;ll let you know then if there&#039;s any change."
"I bought a squeeze bottle 2 days ago and used it twice before the bottle opened at the seam and leaked all the solution everywhere. This is no longer a quality product and I will be using alternatives."
"I have had Skyla for 2 years now! When I very first got it it hurt like hell..... But the pain did ease up. For six months I was kinda batty too very emotional. But after the 6 months I was good! I&#039;ve never had any issues with it.... I haven&#039;t had a period in a while."
"Today is only my second day on this medication, and so far I am very pleased! I only have 20lbs to lose, but was stuck and needed help getting there. I took my first 37.5 pill yesterday at 630 and had the most euphoric happy feeling! I was not jittery, just hyper. Not the sick feeling you get from caffeine. (I am not a caffeine user). I did experience some hot flashes, but only for an hour. I was very satisfied with a ViShake for breakfast and lunch. I ate a 1/2 cup of broccoli and 6oz of venison for dinner and was stuffed! I couldn&#039;t finish it! I did get the dry mouth they talk about, but as for the insomnia, it never  happened. I actually was tired and went to bed and slept my usual 7 hours! I will update in a few weeks! Love this pill!"
"I was able to use CimPay to cover my $350/month copay. I was in such total remission that it felt like I didn&#039;t even have Crohns. Loved not going to hospital for Remicade infusions and had no problems with injections or any side effects. Unfortunately, now have been exposed to TB and am positive for Latent TB Infection and must discontinue Cimzia. Abdominal pain restarted at just one week past missed dose, so have been prescribed Pentasa."
"This works for diarrhea after gall bladder removal.  I am so thankful for those of you who wrote comments, it spurred me to ask my doctor for a prescription.  All I take is two pills with breakfast a day, sometimes only one pill.  There are no side effects, and it has relieved my sometimes 5 times a day bathroom runs and given me my normal life back!"
"Made me a complete zombie. Threw them out."
"I am 14 and just started taking doxycycline after going to a doctor for acne that just started at the beginning of the year. I have been on the medicine for about a month and a half and am very frustrated because i feel like my acne has gotten worse. After reading all these reviews I am gonna stick with it and hope it will work."
"Tried for several years. Doctor kept upping how many to take each day. Got to 4 and decided it just didn&#039;t work for me."
"I am currently taking Cartia XT 120mg once a day, and it is a mixed bag for me.  I am still experiencing an elevated HR multiple times per day, and very light headed all day long.  I do not feel right at all.  I have also tried metropolol and lisinipril, having the best results from the latter, but it did not address my HR."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for 3 months and have experienced no adverse effects. My blood pressure was 180/95 and now stays steady at 126/80. It did take a few days to adjust to it, but overall I find it beneficial."
"I tried everything from magnesium citrate to even an enema! Nothing worked until I tried dulsolax! It worked 6 hrs after I took it with lots of drinking water and it cleaned me out! I didn&#039;t take it overnight, I took it during the day while I was still active and the cramps were not too bad!"
"I started taking Ceftin for Bronchitis and I felt better within 2 days. I stayed on it for 6 weeks and my sinus condition and ETD symptoms went away after 4 years. This was a miracle for me."
"I have been on Loestrin 24 for about 7 months now and everything was fine until the 5th month. I&#039;ve had dark spotting, bad cramps and cystic acne on my back. Has made me feel anxious and hungry almost all the time, have gained weight, bad cramps and worse part is I have my period every 2 weeks for about 5 days and it is heavy. I feel depressed, have mood swings, some hair loss. Doctor has switched me to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and I will see how that goes."
"I have arthitis in my lower back with spinal stenosis and an annular tear in my disc.  I was prescribed 1500mg a day. As long as I take the full amount I have no more pain, cramping in my leg or sciatica.  I have been taking half because I have dizziness and headaches. Still better than the pain."
"If not for Roxicodone (oxycodone) 30mg tablets I&#039;d have unbearable back and leg pain from a disc herniation. This medicine makes the pain go away, 99.9%!   

I need 90-120mg/day. I also take Aleve 440mg, once every 2 days. 

I need something without acetaminophen for the health of my liver. Roxicodone has given me a life."
"Worst pill ever. This pill has caused me to be extremely moody. My boobs have gone from a 34B to a 36C and I&#039;m tired all the time. I get headaches alot. Would not recommend getting on this pill to anyone"
"Just jumped onto subs today after using opiates for the past 14 years. I was recently taking in between 20-35 norcs/Percs a day, or around eight 30 mg roxys a day. I went in withdrawals and they gave me 8 mg of sub which made me feel better but is starting to wear off now 5 hours later. I&#039;ll prob take more now but I&#039;m just curious if anyone who has been on pills long term has experience with subs, and how much they took. I&#039;ve never done H and never will. I&#039;m just surprised how much sub I have to take to come off norcs. I got some subs off the street about a year ago and they seemed stronger but I guess I am taking more mg/day of opiates. Thanks for the input."
"I got this birth control when I was 17. I am now 19 and I can&#039;t wait to get it out !! When I first got on it I had crazy cravings and couldn&#039;t stop eating. But no weight gain. Mood swings are horrible. I only got a period in transition to switching from the depo shot to this implant. It was the worst period ever. It lasted about a month and was constant heavy bleeding. But haven&#039;t seen one since and that&#039;s the main reason I&#039;ve stayed on it. I didn&#039;t realize my steady weight gain though.. I went from 160 lbs to 215 in less than a year. So I started working out a lot more and drinking a lot more water and changing diet. Nothing is working I&#039;ve only gained more weight!!"
"Developed essential stage 1 hypertension of 150-160/90-100 at age 57. Tried Lisinopril 10mg which is the gold standard in the ACE Inhibitor class but immediately developed a gagging cough and had to stop. Next logical step was to try an Angiotensin Receptor Blocker (ARB) so switched to Telmisartan 20mg but dosage was ineffective. Upped it to 40mg and BP now averages 130/85 which is acceptable for my age. I have a medical background and have read all studies published in refereed professional journals of which there are numerous blind and controlled. Still, always be vigilant for side effects from any long term drug as they can occur without warning at any time. When it comes to essential hypertension, this is as good as it gets!"
"I&#039;ve been on Junel FE for about a year now without any problems. My doctor recommended this brand for my extremely painful cramps I&#039;d get at the beginning of every cycle, which would often lead me to throw up from the pain. Upon first starting it, I immediately noticed a positive change. My period lasts about 4 days now (as opposed to 7 days) with very light bleeding and hardly any cramps. Also, even though I&#039;ve read bad reviews of this birth control due to anxiety and depression-related side effects, I&#039;ve never experienced any, and I&#039;ve been diagnosed with both (previous to being on this brand of birth control). Junel FE is a great product."
"I have been on Straterra for about two months.  It certainly has a subtle affect that creeps up on you. It is not a stimulant so does not have that quick hit affect.  While taking it I feel a little dopey... but if I have been on it for a while and then lower the dose to one every two days. I can really feel the difference in my performance and focus.

I went through a stressful experience which brought on some mania.  Stay off this medicine if you go through a similar experience.  It heightens panic and intensifies anxiety.

Other then that seems to be good."
"I was on this medication for about 2 months and it was an awful experience. I started out on 25mg and I couldn&#039;t really feel any emotions, so they increased the dosage to 50mg. I started feeling worse, so I was told to increase the dosage again. Once I got to 75mg, I started becoming angry, even more anxious than I was before, I had an out-of-body experience, and I was becoming incredibly impulsive. After trying another anti-depressant and failing, it is believed that I have a mood disorder and was placed on mood stabilizers."
"Good at relieving pain for a short duration (4 hours at a time) with few side effects. I found that at 200mg/day my pain was cut in half and I had increased energy and a brighter mood.  I have used this medicine for 4 years now and find that it is very effective for about four months.. and then effectiveness decreases.  At that point, my doctor switches me to a narcotic for three to four weeks and then I can continue with the tramadol over again with a &quot;reset&quot; in the effectiveness factor.  The strongest negative for me is getting off the tramadol... withdrawl effects include major mood swings, insomnia, and dizziness.  But overall, it is quite effective and has very few bad effects for me while taking it."
"I started taking Harvoni after a year trying to get approval from insurance company. I&#039;m on my second week no side effects except for one day big headache and vomiting. But I am feeling more energy since I started. Next week will be my 1st. Follow up appointment. So far good. A lot of faith."
"I was put on topamax for about 3 weeks for excruciating migraines that I would get just about daily. While it was pretty effective at decreasing my headaches (I only had about one or two in the three weeks I was on it), I experienced side effects from it. I was taken off it for a few days and then put back on to see if I still had the same problems.  A little bit of lip tingling but nothing major.  When I upped the dose like I was supposed to my gums started hurting so my doctor took me off it and put me on Depakote."
"I&#039;ve been using this for about 3 months. I have not seen  a reduction in hair. It really dried my skin out making the hair look worse. It is really expensive at $100. I&#039;m going to finish this bottle then I am done. It was worth a shot."
"I have never had any problems with any medications until after I had open heart surgery. Crestor is now giving me leg pain and weakness, along with the pale stools."
"I was given this while living in the Philippines as a combo med with Acetaminophen. It worked better than any pain medicine I had ever used without the side effects of stomach upset (Ibuprofen) or fatigue, sleepiness (codeine).  "
"I&#039;ve been on Synthroid my whole life, it works like a charm. I&#039;m on a dose of 120 right now and its helping. "
"Started out ok on this after switching from Lisinopril which controlled BP to 120/80 then started getting excruciating bad spasms which I attribute to this then came the sudden dizzy spells. Blacked out behind the wheel and got in a car accident last month. Fortunately I was not injured and only minimal damage to my car. This stuff is scary but seems to control BP reasonably well."
"Brought daily migraine headaches down to 1-4 a month"
"I have severe insomnia and Ambien CR has worked very well for me. Previously, I tried the Ambien IR and while it did knock me out for a good 3-4 hours, it didn&#039;t help me to stay asleep and the Ambien CR does just that. My only complaint is some days I seem to very drowsy and sluggish, but most of the time I wake up feeling refreshed and ready tackle the day."
"I tried this medication for 2 weeks. The first week I took 50mg up to 100mg in the second week, but I didn&#039;t feel any good..I had a panic attack (the thing that I rarely observe) in the first week. It is worth to try it, it may work for someone."
"I have been on this med for only 4 days after being on multiple other meds for general anxiety disorder for several years now. And I can already feel the difference in myself. Not exactly where I want to be yet but definitely positive results so far. It does make my pupils seriously dilated and at night when it&#039;s dark my vision seems like I&#039;m on a merry go round if I moves my eyes to quickly. Other than that I feel much better than just a few days ago! Hopefully this med will work for me. I hate switching meds cause of the time I have to wait to start a new one. Sends me in a downward spiral of panic attacks and irritability. So far since being on Effexor EX I&#039;ve not had even one episode!!!!!! And I was having them every single day!"
"I honestly didn&#039;t realize I had a medical condition. I just thought my deodorants weren&#039;t working for me. I recently had a rash under my arm and went to the doctor and he said I had hyperhidrosis. For the past few years I&#039;m am only to wear tank tops or black/white shirts to prevent the seeing of my underarm sweat, so terribly embarrassing. I would have such envy of anybody who could wear a clingy colored shirt! Now that I have been prescribed Hypercare it has only been one day and I wore a gray clingy shirt today with no armpit sweat stain! I feel so much more comfortable now, and I get too expand my wardrobe with clingy colorful shirts now! Thank you doctor!"
"After many antidepressant medications over the years, I had resigned myself to a low sex drive and a bit of flatness in effect. But after Viibryd, I regained that sexual spark and the depression lifted. It&#039;s been 4 months now and I&#039;m on 40mg having stayed two weeks at 10, two weeks at 20, then 1 week of 20, alternated with 40 mgs. And then finally one 40mg daily. I have struggled with sluggish bowels for years so this may be why I didn&#039;t have diarrhea. However, there was some gasiness the first month and bowels more loose. No nausea but I do take it with a spoonful of peanut butter. Most days I feel content which for me is exceptional."
"I suffer from bipolar disorder/extreme anxiety which prevented me from living life. I am on a mood stabilizer Lamictal- helped greatly with mania, did nothing for depression. I had no interest in life, couldn&#039;t stand my husband, didn&#039;t like my cats and dogs to be near me and would not do any chores. My husband had to do all the chores. I have only been on Zoloft 25 mgs for 3 days and already am feeling better. Last night let my hubby lay near me while watching TV without me wanting to kill him, let my cat lay on my tummy without pushing her away. Today I woke finding I am yawning all, but already, dare I say a tad more happy! Hoping even better things to come!"
"I started taking bupropion hcl 150mg about 3 weeks ago at the same time I quit useing zoloft 100mg, going off of zoloft was the hardest thing for me, it was hell, but I hung in there, today I am really happy that I&#039;m off of it, and the bupropion at 300mg a day is excellent for me, no depression, sex drive back fully, it took about a week to adjust to, but I love it now, my mood is balanced to the level up to good mood too, so far no bad mood, no longer a zombie on zoloft, yay for me. just a tip for going off of zoloft, it gets bad, but in a few weeks it clears up, I almost gave up, but I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t, Again I feel alive , :)"
"If you&#039;re here reading this review I hope it&#039;s not to late. DO NOT TAKE THIS. DO NOT BUY THIS. Unless you want to feel like your vagina was tortured, raw and burning like hell itself, TAKE MY ADVICE. Three hours and counting of sheer pain and regret."
"I have suffered from insomnia and night terrors as long as I can remember. I took Zopiclone, over the counter medications for sleep that were helpful for the insomnia but not the night terrors. I was diagnosed with REM sleep disorder by a psychiatrist who prescribed Clonazepam. I started with 1mg at night, but found it was too much and had problems waking up. I vary now between 0.5mg and 0.75mg depending on my anxiety level going to bed. I cannot say what a difference it has made. My sleep terrors are all but gone (I still have them on occasion, but not every night), and I wake up feeling more alert than on the other medicines. It has been the most helpful for me."
"It worked OK but had a dramatic effect on my mental capacities. I was in the aircraft business and it got to the point where I felt I was becoming a danger to my customers and myself because of my inability to remember. The day I couldn&#039;t recall my favorite grandson&#039;s name was the day I quit taking it. I underwent a radiological procedure (gamma knife surgery) at UAMS in Little Rock, that cured the problem. I only have a mild flare up occasionally but it&#039;s nothing to what I used to suffer and is usually short-lived. I would recommend this procedure to anyone. It&#039;s painless and effective and was a God send to me."
"I have had CIU for over 13 years without remission.  Horrible, painful, debilitating hives that grow for days before receding. I&#039;ve never gone more than a couple of days without at least one hive, despite mega-doses of antihistamines and other doctor recommended medications. I&#039;d tried it all!  I received my first injection of Xolair 26 days ago and have not had one single hive! This medicine is, so far, the miracle I have been hoping and searching for, for 13 long years!"
"Hi, I&#039;ll be 25 this month. I had a miscarriage when I was a teen and never thought anything of what it meant. When I was 20 I got pregnant with my son but I was in amazing shape because I was in the army. Now here I am with pcos and irregular periods. My husband and I (not my sons biological dad) have been ttc for like 18 months at least and have had no luck! This past January we went to a fertility doctor where I was diagnosed with pcos and a blocked tube. In June I stopped having a period. Last month I went to the doctor for depression, he said getting on metformin wouldn&#039;t be a bad idea. About a week and a half after taking the medicine I got my period. I was so excited! Now to wait and see if we&#039;re able to conceive. "
"I was diagnosed with possible flu Saturday night at Urgent Care after spiking a fever of 103 all of a sudden and generally feeling like rubbish. I had a flu shot. End story, they didn&rsquo;t actually test me but assumed, gave me a script for tamiflu and prescription ibuprofen (I have a history of headaches).  Initially I thought it was great.  After 2 doses, all the side effects started to hit.  Insomnia, eye irritations, dizziness, bleeding nose, diarrhea.  All for something my regular doctor said wasn&rsquo;t actually the flu.  When I saw my regular doctor on Monday, I was told to finish out the script but rightfully diagnosed with an upper respiratory infection.  Almost a week later, I still haven&rsquo;t slept a full night. Never again tamiflu, never"
"I&#039;ve been constipated for about 5-6 days. I&#039;ve never used Dulcolax before so I took only 1 at 10pm at around 6 am I had to go...I feel very relieved and no pain or cramps :-)  If you never used this before and you don&#039;t know how your body will react, take only 1 first!   Very happy with this product !!!"
"I was prescribed this for a kidney infection and didn&#039;t know I was allergic to it. it caused my face to swell and tip of my tongue tingle. that happened at 8:00 it is now 11:05 and it is just starting to affect my feet and fingers other than that it is helping clear my infection"
"I am on the last week of the second month of this pill and I have been spotting a brown discharge( not heavy enough for a pad or tampon but annoying)  since the last week of the first month. It wont stop I&#039;m getting ready to start my third month so my first period week on the pill is 3 weeks away. If the spotting doesnt&#039; stop after my period week I&#039;m calling my doc for a new pill."
"After taking one pill twice per day for three weeks I suddenly experienced in the middle of the night an excessive amount of blood being discharges with diarrhea.  This continued every two to three hours until mid-morning when I was admitted to a hospital.  I was dx with diverticulosis and admitted over night.  Was treated with antibiotics.  The bleeding stopped by midafternoon.  The following day I was discharged and then went to see my family Dr.  He did not believe that I had diverticulosis as I had NO pain associated with the episodes.  After reviewing my meds he told me I should contact the prescribing Dr(knee specialist) regarding the episode and continuing the meds for pain.  I was told by the surgeons nurses to stop the meds."
"40 yrs old &amp; last year tried the progesterone only pill for just 5 months (ceased that pill 4 months ago) but ever since my once near perfect skin has been plagued by constant hormonal spots.  The doctor prescribed Duac &amp; said it could cause redness &amp; drying.  I used this for 2 nights only, last Monday &amp; Tuesday, applying just a very thin layer to all areas affected by spots as per the directions. By Wednesday afternoon my skin had started going pink &amp; itchy so I didn&#039;t use it again.  Woke up Thursday morning with red, itchy, burning patches all over, like port stain birthmarks, &amp; it is still driving me crazy now, trying not to scratch, using moisturisers but to no joy - 5 days it has been like this, wish I had not used it."
"I started Saxenda on 2/19 weighing 247.6 lbs, 6 weeks later I&#039;m at 228, 19.4 lbs gone. I lost the first 10 like in 2 weeks, then lost about 2.5 lbs a week after which is good to me! I try to stay within 1200-1400 calorie daily intake and I have gone over that amount a couple of times. Side effects were minimal, mostly heartburn, especially if I eat late, so now I just don&#039;t eat late, easy fix to that. I pay $30 per box with insurance and the Saxenda coupon, i would recommend this to anyone struggling to lose weight."
"I have had no problems with this medicine.  It helps me sleep at night. It also has lowered my blood pressure."
"I am 26 and nothing has worked for my Acne....NOTHING! I have tried pills, creams, Proactiv, herbals, almost everything. But finally I got something that WORKS! This pill cleared all my acne and I even forgot to take it more than a few times... still nothing. I don&#039;t wash my face a thousand times a day... Don&#039;t apply any acne cream.. and there is never a pimple on my skin. There have been no side effects for me. So you should definitely give this a try. Its the ONLY thing that has WORKED for me."
"Valtrex is EXCELLENT. I, like most of you here, take it when I feel a slight tingle or little tiny cut on my lip. I just down about 4 of them and it&#039;s gone before it begins. I haven&#039;t had one cold sore in over 1 year now and I only got the virus about a year and a half ago. As you get older, the virus tends to be beat down by your body&#039;s natural immune system. "
"I wasn&#039;t really serious about quitting. I was at the Doctors office and asked for this medicine by name. I have been a smoker for 12 to 13 years. I did quit while in Boot camp for the Navy, but started smoking again as soon as I got out. I never had a quit date and was smoking, the same as I always have. Cigarettes didn&#039;t taste good anymore. I used to get a surge through my arms, fingers, legs and toes when I would light that first smoke in the morning. That went away, I found myself holding a lit cigarette until it burned out. I believe this medicine decided when it was time for me to quit. On the 1st day of week 3 I stopped smoking, right now it has been 24 hours, since I last lit up. I have never been able to say that. These pills work, tell everyone you know."
"I love the NuvaRing. I started on after my son was born 6 years ago. Its easy to use, gentle to put in and remove, doesn&#039;t move at all while in there, and I never ever feel it during sex. After I started using it for about 3 years straight, I came off for 2 years as my Fiance was out of the country. I just started back June 2013, and love it even the more now. It doesn&#039;t decrease my sex drive, and although I am newly married, I have to admit my sexual desire has increased. With every birth control there are bouts of Sadness and anxiousness, but you distract yourself by watching great movies and eating popcorn, not tons of goodies which probably increases weight gain. I have never attributed weight gain the the Nuva Ring, but my own diet."
"I was not sure how well it worked at first.  Then I was unable to get it for awhile, and was in a lot of pain, trouble getting through the day.  I just wanted to sleep.  Once back in my system I noticed the difference.  This helps my depression, back pain, and the neuropathy."
"Forgot to mention that I have had no adverse side effects that others have mentioned. I already have some nasal allergies so I was concerned about nasal congestion but it has not happened.  One downside is that I am always semi-hard; it never becomes entirely flaccid so I have to wear tight underwear so I don&#039;t form a tent."
"I was on this drug for many years. I took the 4mg dose 2 X and sometimes 3 X a day, without any problems. I did get skin sensitivity but that is genetic as my daughter also has it. I found the drug more effective taken with diuretic -Bendroflumethiazide up to 5 mg daily - but this caused gout eventually.
To be honest this is a good drug, given that I&#039;ve tried many combinations of blood pressure medicines."
"The first day, it was great!!!  Did NOT have an appetite. In a week I had lost 4 pounds.
After 2 months,  it gives me energy for 7-8 hrs.  Then, I CRASH &amp; eat everything in sight.  Dr. says--Be Patient.  Crazy way to live.  My other meds all make me gain weight!!"
"This birth control has been great.  I&#039;ve used the pill, Depo, as well as the Nuvaring but this is by far the best.  I&#039;ve had it for 3 months now and haven&#039;t had any problems.  On other birth control methods I&#039;ve experienced mood swings, irregular bleeding and weight gain.  I highly recommend Implanon if you&#039;re tired of side effects.  It&#039;s also the best option for smokers.  The insertion caused some anxiety for me but it was over quickly and essentially painless."
"I had leg surgery last week and the morphine from the pain relief gave me rather severe constipation - it was the worst feeling, I was sore sitting down that I was crying and depressed. I tried prunes and fybogel - but no movement. I couldn&#039;t bear it.

I took 2 senokot 2 nights ago before bed - nothing. I took another 2 after 12 hours. About 2 hours later. I had a rather painful hard bowel movement, a couple of hours later I had crippling stomach cramps - which led to a further 2 bowel movements, each getting softer (but no diarrhoea). I had another before bed that night - back to my normal consistency, then another on waking this morning. I am delighted. 

Was it a pleasant experience? No. Would I do it again? Albsolutely!"
"Recently had outpatient surgery. This Drug will rapidly leave your system.  This is fine if surgery completed.  Although my surgery is considered minor, it is not pleasant to come to during a procedure.  Never again."
"I`ve had an on off relationship with opiates for many years now, my addictive personality has completely taken over my life and I&#039;m out of control since my mother died but I chose to get it back by taking Subutex. I get no euphoria, I get nothing except a feeling of normality, but now I&#039;m extremely worried reading about others experiences of trying to get off of the medicine. I did a methadone program once and tapered off, I was free from opiates for many years until quite recently, my Doctor told me the Subutex would be better and easier to get off than Methadone. I hope this is the case, I&#039;ve been on the Subutex for 3 months now. At first I took 24mg a day, now I take between 12 and 16mg a day, depending on how I feel."
"I have been on Yasmin for 11 years now consistently and have absolutely zero issues, complaints or problems. No weight gain, clear skin, and my moods are as normal and fluctuate based on my regular monthly hormone fluctuations. However I see numerous comments on the first few weeks from users, and it&#039;s important to know that everyone is different! We are all built uniquely and our bodies have a one of a kind reaction to anything, particularly birth control. I&#039;m a nurse in the public health sector and I advise all my patients to give their new birth control at least 3 months before deciding to call it quits. There&#039;s a lot of hormones going into your body at once and you need to let it settle! Good luck with whatever contraception you choose"
"This is one of the worst AEDs I&#039;ve tried over the past 41+ years since surviving Reyes.  It caused hostility, agitation, nervousness, restless legs syndrome, suicidal thoughts, and made me so impulsive that I requested an early retirement from a position paying about $104k per year.  I probably would have not gone for retirement if the effects of the med had not been there.  To top things off it gave me gingival hyperplasia so my front teeth are ruined, gum overgrowth is worse than it has been while on any of the other 24 meds I&#039;ve been given.  Intractable epilepsy is tough but this med might help persons who haven&#039;t had trauma or brain surgery.  FDA and the maker FAILED to warn me about this.  I got off of it."
"I was put on this while during my stay at an inpatient rehab center for opiate/benzo addiction. At first, it made me hullucinate (sp?) and walk into walls (50mg). This was for detox. Then, they slowly tapered me so there were no side effects. I am 40 days sober, but still feel anxious. I can&#039;t take any mind altering drugs, so wouldn&#039;t be a good idea to go back on it. I think under close doctor supervision, it&#039;s definitely worth it, even though I was walking into walls. :)"
"After 2 months on the generic form of this pill, my doctor suggested I move to Loestrin. It seemed pretty awesome because for the 3 months I was on it, I had no periods or cramps. I did experience weight gain, breast tenderness, major mood swings, loss of libido and slight increase in acne. Personally, I loved not having periods. It was cool and it saved me money on tampons. But the lack of sex drive was enough to convince me and my doctor that this wasn&#039;t the birth control for me. I&#039;ve switched to Ortho Tri-cyclen and lost the 7 pounds I had gained in the 3 months I was on Loestrin. I&#039;m cramping and having periods again but my sex drive is back at a decent level and my emotions are better in check. 

Don&#039;t be afraid to switch birth controls."
"Got it in 22/5/16 bleed constantly!
Acne like a teenager
Mood swings
Tiredness
Costing me heap of money for sanitary items
Do not recommend"
"Great! My daughter has had a cold and cough to the point of vomiting a few times. After the Dr checked her to make sure nothing serious, gave her this and she felt immediately better. Coughing and congestion significantly reduced. Bromfed is amazing and tastes good too (I always try anything I am going to give my children)."
"First shot five days out of rehab, now on my fourth, longest clean time I&#039;ve had in over five years, such an amazing non addictive non opiod replacement. Gives me the power back to say yes to the shot once every 28 days (I take oral naltrexone starting daily @ day 21) and I have a life again, I&#039;m no longer just a junkie but a daughter, sister, fiance, friend, and have an amazing job. I am a RECOVERING addict. Amazing what rehab, meetings, IOP, and this wonderful tool can do for a herion/oxy/methadone/all opiates IV drug user like me, only needle in my body in 5 months lidocane followed by vivitrol, never thought it could happen as much as I wanted to be clean."
"Going on 8 weeks after a synvisc one injection and the constant pain is now 10 times WORSE than before. my quality of life is horrible due to pain caused by shot. I have osteoarthritis in knee, nothing like the kind of pain I am in now. READ ALL THE REVIEWS BEFORE YOU GET THIS DONE"
"I&#039;ve never been so happy in my life. It&#039;s not a fake, life is strangely perfect happiness. It&#039;s not the &quot;I&#039;m in my head, three feet away from everything and no one knows me&quot; feeling I&#039;ve gotten from previous antidepressants. I feel balanced and for the first time in my life (I&#039;m 28, female) feel like I am actually coming from a well-grounded place. As others have said, when a dose is late or missed, the effects are pretty awful. The longer I&#039;ve been on it though they are getting less intense. The first few times I was late, I became very quickly, extremely depressed, lethargic, dizzy, nauseous and irritable. I was having shooting lightening like feelings in my brain that would cause me to stop dead in my tracks and look pretty crazy."
"I was put onthis on and it worked, but afterwards omg I was red, my face was burnt and it looked like I got an allergic reaction because my eye was swollen. My face still looks awful 3 days later. I will never use again..."
"I love love love this form of birth control. I&#039;d been on the pill before and always forgot to take it... not really effective if you don&#039;t take it ha. During the first 3 months, I had not had a period but I was a bit more emotional, it didn&#039;t really interfere with my life but my mood swings were noticeable to me. After those first 3 months, my mood went back to normal but I started spotting really lightly for 2 months. It wasn&#039;t enough spotting for a tampon but it was enough for a panty liner if that puts in into perspective for you. It took me about 8-10 months to get a period again, and now they&#039;re really regular. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, my skin is clearer than ever and I am definitely not pregnant. This stuff is GOLD."
"I&#039;ve been taking Yaz for almost a year.  I had constant acne breakouts and very bad mood swings before taking Yaz.  Since then, my acne has cleared up and my moods are more balanced.  My periods are lighter and my breasts are fuller for a couple weeks during the month.  It took about 3 to 6 months for my acne to get better.  I am very happy with the product.  I have not noticed any side effects."
"Methadone is the reason I am alive right now, living a manageable life."
"I am hating the implanon. The only good thing is that it works as a contraceptive and I haven&#039;t fallen pregnant.
My negative side effects.
Heavy bleeding 2-5 weeks at a time
Random bleeding
Extreme menstrual pain
Lumps in breast
Strong sweet vaginal odour
Headaches
Insomnia
Moodiness
Depression
Anxiety
Irritability 
Panic attacks
Hot flushes
Loss of libido
Weight gain
I have had it in since February, 10 months and counting
I just want to get it out. Honestly. The only thing that&#039;s stopping me is the fact that it is stopping me from falling pregnant."
"I waited 2 months to write this because I was convinced it wouldn&#039;t work for me. Lexapro WORKS. Stick it out before giving up. I got much worse before I got better. I started at 10 mg and am now at 20 mg. In the beginning, my anxiety and obsessive thoughts got a lot worse, and when I increased my dose it spiked up again. But it finally passed and the difference is huge. I feel like me again, but me without crippling anxiety and constant obsessive thoughts. My periods do make it worse. My side effects of dry mouth, constipation, sleeplessness, heavy sweating all are gone now. And NO sexual issues for me. Oh, and don&#039;t be scared of the generic - that&#039;s what I take. Hang in there and give it time!"
"Thank you for this medicine! It works unbelievably well. I get mega cold sores they can take over my entire bottom lip. Not only are they embarrassing but also incredibly painful. This medicine works miracles. As soon as I feel that awful itch that indicates the cold sore coming through I take one of these pills and a second 12 hours later. They will either completely prevent the cold sore from coming through or at the very least minimize the appearance and speed up recovery time. Not only that, I used to get a cold sore at least every three months. Now I&rsquo;m down to about every six months or so. This medicine has changed my life."
"Overall favorable experience since 04 for psychosis. "
"I started talking Clonazepam a week and a half ago for my Generalized Anxiety disorder.... let me tell you its is WONDERFUL, it took my anxiety almost from the first day, I take 0.5 in the morning and 0.5 at night and have not had any anxiety in a week and a half which is a miracle for me since I had anxiety since I was a teenager.  Now the bad news is that its causing a lot of weight gain for me, 10 lb in  week and a half,,,,, its not OK with me..... I have been struggling with my weight forever and had finally got to where I am a little comfortable with it, I am 39 and do not need to gain weight,,,,, its making me depressed.  I really love having no anxiety but absolutely hate the weight gain..."
"I am diagnosed with schizoaffective Bipolar. I spent 8 years trying every psychiatric medication on the market to no avail. I never found stability my life was made up of rapid cycles of extreme moods one week I would be happy confident and secure the next week I would be extremely depressed often suicidal had 6 serious suicide attempts and was hospitalized 22 times. Nothing worked at least not for long. I was put on lithium 2 years ago along with the two other medications, I was on an antidepressant and an antipsychotic. Lithium saved my life I have had no suicidal thoughts, my life is no longer ruled by extreme moods although I can be a little emotional at times I am able to remain logical and in control something I could never do before."
"I have been on Lexapro for about 5 years now and it completely and utterly changed my life. I had very serious anxiety which caused my relationships problems, problems in my job and all over my life, I was erratic  and an emotional rollercoaster, after 2 weeks on Lexapro I felt stable and always the happiest person in the room, my brain needs this to function correctly without a doubt. I look back and cant believe I was the person I once was."
"I&#039;ve tried several options, over the counter, homeopathic, and prescription in a quest to deal with transient insomnia which typically triggers a worsened depressive mood (kind of a negative feedback loop). Ambien was one of the first I tried. It works very quickly, has very little hangover, but did not always KEEP me asleep. I usually wake around 4. 

The bad: tolerance, &quot;sleepwalking,&quot; waking up in my roommates bed with no memory of how I got there. Be cautious, if you live with other people let them know you&#039;re suffering from insomnia and that you are taking this medicine. My roommates reported me seeming completely coherent while sleepwalking%u2014 it can be more problematic than mere &quot;sleepwalking.&quot;"
"Unfortunately Humira did not work for my plaque psoriasis. I have psoriasis on the trunks of my legs, elbows, arms, hands and did not experience any clearing after 5 months."
"Began use of this medication upon receipt in mail. Only a few doses were necessary when effectiveness were noted. No side effects noted throughout the treatment period. Dermatologist will review the site at next appointment."
"Used it for 3 weeks. 5 days on, 2 off, and so on. 1st week comes out like pimples, second they break, third they dry. Hurts, sure but not impossible. Works perfectly. Fever, drowsiness, headaches,  but its worth it.  I have used it for the last 5 years once a year for face skin problems."
"Been taking buspirone on and off for 15 years, for insomnia, anxiety, and symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder.  Sleep is my #1 issue (or lack thereof).  Very effective for insomnia almost immediately upon starting it (after a period of not taking it). I sleep easier within the first day or two.  Within a week I get to sleep easier and more soundly.  Ironically I&#039;ve always had the side-effect of vivid memorable dreams.  Doesn&#039;t seem to increase bad dreams though, just makes them more memorable.  No other side effects.  I have, depending on the stress in my life or other medicines being taken, generally been on 5mg/day to 20mg/day, with good results.  At 30mg/day I feel dopey. Prefer to take doses later in the day, not first thing in the morning."
"Only on the 3rd day and it&#039;s awful, throwing up, headaches, awful taste in my mouth. It is working though!"
"Taking my 14th pill today. No side effects so far!"
"Positives: Don&#039;t need to remember, doesn&#039;t hurt my arm, haven&#039;t gotten pregnant.
Negatives: I have been bleeding very heavily every day for 4 months straight.
Overall, because of the bleeding, I have not had a pleasant experience and hope to get it removed asap. Hopefully an IUD will be better."
"I&#039;m on my 2nd week of Contrave and today was my 2nd day to take 2 pills in the morning and one in the afternoon.  Last week with the 1 morning and 1 afternoon was great and I have already lost 5 lbs BUT I see I personally won&#039;t be able to handle 2 pills at once.  I felt fine yesterday but today I am suffering from nausea (which my Dr. warned me about) and he just suggested to stick with 1 morning and 1 afternoon if necessary.  Overall, I&#039;m very pleased with the results and think it&#039;ll only get better from here.  I haven&#039;t dieted or exercised ANY but have cut back on carbonated soda.  I plan to just stick with 1 pill at a time morning and afternoon, start a little exercise and watch what I eat and I think I&#039;ll meet my 20 lb weight loss goal"
"I was prescribed with Premarin vaginal cream to use for 2 weeks prior pap. I had total hysterectomy 9 months ago. I experienced severe acid stomach from this medicine. I have a history of stomach acid so I didn&#039;t put the 2 together. I took my usual med, avoided food that could trigger acid but to no avail. I suffered for 5 days of severe acid stomach until I decided to stop the cream that night. The following day, my stomach still sore but not acidic. I woke up with a headache. I didn&#039;t think the cream will affect me this way since its effects are limited in vaginal area. I was wrong. I can confirm that my acid stomach was due to Premarin vaginal cream."
"I have a severe bipolar, extreme manic depressive, high anxiety, suicidal tendencies and ADHD. I had never taken any medications until recently. I didn&#039;t believe anything was wrong. I recently admitted myself to a psychiatric hospital that specializes in chemical dependency and mental illness. I was prescribed Vistaril 50mg every 6hrs as needed. I like this medication a lot. It works quick for me and I&#039;ve not experienced any issues with making me tired at all and I only use it during the day. But I also have Seroquel 150mg Neurontin two 100mg capsules three times a day and Depakote 500mg 1 in the morning and 2 at bedtime. Vistaril has been great for me."
"was prescribed this drug as I had my wisdom tooth out and had a abscess  and infection.  I stopped after three days stomach cramps, very painful ones, killer of headaches and diarrhea, foul taste in my mouth and constant nausea."
"Terrible gettin to sleep and stayin sleep. 1st tried Melatonin, Did nothing. Was prescribed Ambien, helped me get to sleep but didn&#039;t help me stay asleep thru night. Was switch to AmbienCR12.5mg, Did exactly what I needed, helped me fall sleep and stay sleep, felt much better on those days that I needed it. Couple years ago dr told me they changed rules for Ambien for women cause all these people had weird reactions. Me- no issues with full 12.5mg. Highly upsets me, I was doing great on the reg dose. Was prescribed lower dose next refill, only lasted 3-4hrs sleep, def not good :( They should start a person off on the low dose, wean u up on individual basis, for proper treatment! As no 2 pts r alike, &amp; each needs diff doses to work for them"
"I have been on this med when I was diagnosed with UC in 2007. Due to the nature of my job and the stress. I only take when needed, have gone over a month when it wasn&#039;t needed. Also, anyone who has WD from this med must be on a large dose. I personally never experienced any problems when off it. It&#039;s a miracle pill for me. Every six months I see my gastroenterologist and stay on top of all info on the medication. It&#039;s a blessing."
"I battled opiate addiction for 11 years and I was in and out of jails and institutions half my life and all that was left was death for me and I was a split second away from taking my last breath. I have been on Vivitrol and it has completely changed my life!"
"When I first started taking Bentyl it worked very well.  Aside from the side effects of being drowzy &amp; light headed it did the job it was meant to.  However, over the past year problems started to occur more frequently, thus stressing me out &amp; making the cycle continue.  I would up the dose but side effects worsen.  Overall it takes off the edge.  I give it a 7."
"12 hours after taking this medicine, I had every symptom of a bad case of the flu, body aches, severe headache, nausea.  That coupled with sleeplessness and lack of appetite sent me to bed for 24 hours, the first time that has happened in years.  I was switched to 500 mg cefaclor and all is well, no side effects and infection gone."
"I had been seeing G.I. specialist for months for intermittent nausea and vomiting that led to horrible stomach and chest pain.  My G.I. tried everything, nothing seemed to worked, I even threw up on Zofran twice(strongest anti-nausea medicine you can get). I wind up in the ER about monthly for complications with dehydration and anemia, and at the ER I was put on Donnatal.  Donnatal was a miracle! I can now function, leave my house most days, and no longer spend every day wishing I would just die because of the pain. It doesn&#039;t fix everything but without it I am really bad. "
"My experience has been somewhat mixed. I have been using Implanon now for nearly 14 months and have decided to get it removed because I bleed every day, all day. I would occasionally stain my underwear and my sheets. It didn&#039;t start out that way, for the first month I didn&#039;t bleed at all, then I had an epic two week period, then everything was irregular, which has basically been my new norm, sadly. 

I decided to get rid of the Implanon because of the endless bleeding. I should mention that the bleeding was usually pretty light, a bit more than spotting but not quite a period either. Other than the endless bleeding, I&#039;ve been pretty side effect free, except for minor acne.

I didn&#039;t get pregnant on it, so yeah! But...blood, a lot of blood."
"Second birth control I&#039;ve been on, and I&#039;ve been on it for over a year. It gives me the worst headaches and acne. I put on about 10lbs and CANNOT get rid of it. I feel disgusting. My boobs didn&#039;t get any bigger. My periods are always right on schedule and never heavy but the rest of the month is a roller coaster with my emotions, weight, etc."
"I had this IUD for about 5 months. I experienced the worst cramping of my life with this IUD, at times nearly bringing me to tears. I would have cramping with things like working out and after intercourse, and also at random times. These cramps were completely debilitating. I also continued to have my period every month, as well as spotting. It seemed as though the spotting was starting to get better, but the intense, severe cramping persisted so my GYN agreed that it should be removed. Now I&#039;m trying mini pills. I&#039;m unable to use estrogen containing birth control due to a blood clot while on combo pill."
"Fast onset. Works very well for relieving pain. Lasts about 50 mins."
"I&#039;ve been struggling with Nighttime Eating Syndrome for years now. NES is a Eating disorder that causes u to binge in the middle of the night. This disorder is not only bad bcuz you consume most to all of your calories while everyone&#039;s asleep, you also gain more weight when you eat at night, and you wake up in the morning feeling unrested and guilty. I&#039;ve been on this medication already and stopped taking it because of the trouble sleeping. It&#039;s a catch 22 because my binging happens at night. Taking the meds at night keeps me up. I do love the energy and lack of wanting to stuff my face with food at night. I&#039;m gonna hang in there and see if I can take my dose slightly earlier so that I&#039;m not peaking at 10pm."
"Amazing in its ability to calm the cravings for alcohol. The only issue: I&#039;ve been virtually impotent since taking my first pill over a week ago."
"I have been on Narvasc 5mg for about 4 months.  It doesn&#039;t control my blood pressure for the 24 hours and my pulse constantly stays elevated.  I have swelling in my feet and ankles and I&#039;m tired all the time. I get flushing sensations and ringing in my ears sometimes.  Also feel dizzy at times and have dry mouth. All these medications are horrible. We have no choice but to suffer if we take them or not take them.  "
"I have been on this medication once before and lost interest in it because I was not feeling like I had lost weight. I decided I would try it again. I started it on June 13th weighing 359. I weighed myself on June 19th and had lost an amazing 18lbs. My doctors appointment is Saturday and everyone has noticed a big difference in me. I&#039;ve lost 2 pant sizes, and 1 shirt size. This stuff really does work."
"Since taking this medication, I have extreme joint pain.  I have to pull myself up the stairs at home. It takes me quite a while to make it up the two flights of stairs.  My husband says I have bad breathe since being on this the past four years which is embarrassing.  I&#039;ve read on other sites that others have experienced that.  And I sleep an average of 4 hours a night with the insomnia that I have.  My oncologist  thinks I&#039;m making this up which is so unprofessional.  So many people have these same symtoms. I&#039;m 50."
"Got the implant inserted 10/04/2016 because I was being super paranoid about getting pregnant on the pill even though I was taking it perfectly. First few months were ok. I noticed I started breaking out a lot more than usual. On the pill I had very clear skin with the occasional pimple that would pop up every now and then. Now it&#039;s been 5 months &amp; it has gotten worse. I noticed it gets a lot worse when I&#039;m about to start my period. Also I started breaking out on my forehead with clogged pores that I have never dealt with before. Since then I have been super moody and made me slightly depressed but that correlates to my breakouts. It&#039;s not bad bad breakouts, however, they&#039;re something I&#039;ve never dealt with before.getting it removed 3/21"
"After two 100mg doses of Macrobid in 15 hrs my UTI symptoms such as a non fully empty bladder and a pinching pressure on my bladder with more urine coming out. Still many trips but all the urine comes out for the most without discomfort. Side effect: headache each time I took a dose. Still within the 24 hour mark but noticable improvement"
"Started on low dosage of 50mg morning &amp; afternoon and 300mg at night but not enough relief at night so increased dosage to 600mg at night.  Finding myself to be a little more tired now at also feeling dizzy."
"In UK had this on NHS for last 7 months. Improved within the first month and after a couple of months was able to dance at my sons wedding, something I thought I would never do. Thanks to the makers, it has changed my life. I&#039;m back at work 20 hrs a week and don&#039;t ache for most of the month. Like others I do feel washed out for 2 days post infusion but its worth it for nearly a month of good health."
"This drug has been far better at treating my ADD than any other drug. I have tried phentermine, aderall, ritalin, and straterra for my inability to focus. All other drug under the amphetamine category have caused extreme anxiety and ,when they wear off, horrible depression and negative thoughts. Evekeo has caused a minimum of these side effects and has increased my ability to focus. When the drug wears off, I feel like I go back to my normal state without all of the depression and negative thoughts. I don&#039;t want to describe it like this, but when it wears off it is a very &quot;smooth&quot; come down. I also like that it isn&#039;t extended release because other medications would last up to 16 hours, disrupting my sleep."
"I was prescribed this due to acne around my chin/ forehead and black heads on my nose as well as my cheeks. The first two days of applying this at night it was fine. On the third day I woke up to wash my face and noticed that my face was red and when I used my daily face wash it stung like crazy. After washing my face, I always use a facial moisturizer, and that even stung when I put it on! Later on in the day I noticed that my face was so flaky. I did not apply the following two days due to stinging and extreme dryness. I plan to use it again when my symptoms die down, but instead of using it every day.. I&#039;ll use it every other day instead. I think that this product is too harsh to use on your face every day."
"Helps with the pain with way less side effects"
"I was once a procrastinating, underemployed, muscular 18 year old who was unsure of his future. My ADHD made it impossible to focus, my motivation was terrible, and I snapped on anyone over the smallest thing. I knew about Ritalin...also knew its excess side effects. Heard about Adderall and decided maybe I should speak with my PCF. He prescribed me Adderal, a pill that can either make or break you. If you have had ANY history of drug abuse AVOID IT. It took me a month to realize I was abusing it. I lost sleep, weight, gained a tolerance. When I decided I&#039;d better let my wife handle my medication, she gave me my  two IRs per day and still does. It helped alot. The medication is wonderful for ADHD but can very easily kill you if you abuse it"
"I was on Mirena for about last two months. First month wasn&#039;t to bad...spotting all day. Started breaking out some then second month everything got MUCH worse. Constanly tired, acne constant around jaw line (never had much problem with before), cravings for food and biggest one hair coming out in clumps. Doctor immediately recommended getting it removed. I did 3 days ago. I&#039;m 32 and mother of 2. Hadn&#039;t been on birth control in 4 1/2 yrs. I know everyone is not the same though. Just my experience...now starting Loesrin 24 FE pills. Pretty nervous now and hoping no side effects like used to be before having my kids. Birth control touchy thing...good luck."
"I was on Nexplanon for a little over a year. First, I spotted for six months straight but had no other side effects. Then I had no period for six months, and my libido disappeared. Then my libido started to come back along with my period for three weeks, with intense cramping, mood swings, night sweats and swelling lymph glands. I had it out three days ago and have just realized it also caused me to develop melasma (pregnancy mask) on my upper lip. As birth control it was good but I couldn&#039;t handle the side effects. If you show a lot of sensitivity to hormonal methods this might not be right for you."
"I&#039;ve been in this BC for about 8 months now. And it is perfect ! I take my pills everyday at the SAME time. I&#039;ve gained a couple pounds but not to many. No pain or blooding. My cycle comes the same time every month. Very light for about 3-5 days. I have experienced a lil nausea after taking my pills if I hadn&#039;t eaten yet. So I recommend eating and staying hydrated with this BC. But over all I think this is a very good BC for anyone. No major side effects. I really recommend !!"
"Been on Cyclaflem 1/35 for 2 months and absolutely loving it!
No nasty side effects, definitely a bit more emotional but nothing outrageous.
Fun colored pills: pink active pills and blue placebo pills, I know that has nothing to do with the effectiveness of the pill but it surely helps me remember to take it.
I can take it on a completely empty stomach and be ok. No spotting when skipping periods.
Great so far!"
"I had been to many rehabs, tried the whole AA thing.
Nothing worked. I was drinking a slab of beer per day 4 many years b4 i realised that I need to do something... I was running a successful 300k p/y company but was so busy that I just never had the time to either cut back nor stop drinking.. I made the extreme decision to quit my business and take time off so that I could concentrate on quitting.  I just went to my gp and told him my situation, I requested Campral . I stayed on it for 8months 6 tablets per day and never drank once. That was 3 years ago now I now have social drinks without any issues. AA isn&#039;t for everyone and don&#039;t be daunted by the fact you will never drink again :) Controlled drinking does work if you make it work."
"I took 200 mg of amitriptyline for 40&#039;years for clinical depression.. I decided to find a safer medication with fewer side effects. I started Effexor and was weaned off amitriptyline at same time. Within 2 days my depression lifted,repetitive/unwanted thoughts discontinued. Down to 50 mg of amitriptyline and at 75 mg of Effexor. It&#039;s working amazingly well and amitriptyline withdrawal is minimal"
"Two and a haft weeks ago I completed my third Provenge treatment.  It will be two months before I receive a pet scan to set a base line.  What I do want to say is I am having strong muscle and joint pain.  Has this happen to anyone else?  How long should I expect this to go on?"
"Addicted to heroin for 5 years, unable to get fully clean because of the agonizing withdrawals. Then my friend told me about Suboxone, referred me to her doctor, detoxed comfortably and I&#039;ve been clean ever since. This is the miracle drug for many people who think there is no hope. "
"Cannot really see a difference after 4 months"
"I have been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 3 years now. I haven&#039;t had any side effects but my acne got pretty bad and my sex drive is totally down. I wish there was something I could do to change this. Other than those issues I have been trusting this pill."
"In the beginning it was fine. In the last year I have had multiple side effects causing me not to be able to attend school or work. My primary care physician told me a month ago that I was suffering from depression and tried to put me on some depression pills. Something told me to look up side effects today and I am amazed to see that others have had the same effects I am having. I suffer with dizziness, fatigue, loss of appetite and now anxiety/panic attacks, I can&#039;t even go to the grocery store without having these attacks. My doctor is suppose to be scheduling me a problem visit so we can move further with the removal process. I hope I can get this removed before I start school in July because this is not a good feeling and I&#039;m only 25!"
"My son has been taking Ritalin for around 6-8 months and the difference in him is just unbelievable, he&#039;s school work has improved, he&#039;s spelling and comprehension has gotten a lot better and he has excelled in maths and can actually remembers what he has learnt. He socially gets along better with other children and is less destructive when in a group setting. I was very hesitant to put my son on meds but now realise I made the best choice for him."
"Thoracic and lumbar issues cause constant muscle spasms. Orphenadrine e.r. Helps tame them. It is also the least of the evils when it comes to causing drowsiness."
"I can remember the first time I wet the bed and for years it was almost every night and I could never get rid of it. When I was around 15 or 16 I got this medicine and it immediately stopped and only once or twice did it happen again but after I was finished with my prescription, I never needed it again and I haven&#039;t wet the bed ever since."
"I tried to quit smoking several times but it never worked. The withdrawal symptoms were just too much to deal with. I decided to try Nicoderm.
It&#039;s already been a week since I smoked my last cigarette.
Nicoderm has made it possible for me to live without smoking. The cravings were much less frequent and the side effects of nicotine withdrawal were not as important.

I signed up in a gym 2 months before I quit. I lift weights and do cardio 5 days a week, 1 hour per day. Exercise helped to quit by reducing my stress. It also prevents you from gaining unwanted pounds."
"I started Copaxone about six months ago.  I had been diagnosed with MS 10 years ago but didn&#039;t take anything for it but a giant dose of B vitamins daily.  Last December, I had my first real flare up and it was awful.  The nuero told me I had no choice now, but to take something.  So after researching with my husband, I decided on Copaxone.  Do not give up if you just started and are having itchy bumps and stinging when injecting.  It really did get better for me.  I did have one incident of the chest tightness and anxiety which lasted about three minutes but only once.  When I read the side effects from other drugs (Flu like symptoms and hallucinations!) I picked this drug.  So far, so good.  Neuro thinks I am not progressing at this point."
"I started taking adipex 6/30 and it&#039;s now 7/4. My weight has not changed. I&#039;m having side effects like chest pain,  shortness of breath, extreme fatigue -no energy at all. I still pushed myself to workout and eat right. My weight at weight loss clinic was 228 but when I got on scale at public it said 232.  Because of pills serious side effects I have to stop taking pills. Best of luck to you all."
"I have been using it for one month but not found any result moreover hair fall is double"
"Don&#039;t know what I would do without Monurol. I get a small supply from Spain whenever I go there (or ask a friend to bring some back for me) because it is available without a prescription there and I can&#039;t get it in the UK. I keep a packet with me wherever I go, just in case I get a cystitis attack. Maybe only twice a year but oh the relief take it as soon as an attack starts and it is effective within two or three hours. Many other antibiotics just don&#039;t work for me. This has worked for me every time, thank God."
"Hi ladies! Take a deep breath. I was so skeptic about this pill, but IT WORKS! I had unprotected sex with my ex boyfriend a week before my period was due. He didn&#039;t ejaculate in me, but the internet has scared me about the possibility of a precum pregnancy. He bought me the plan b pill the next morning, and I took it 6 hours after sex. Unfortunately I experienced a lot of symptoms for almost 2 weeks: cramps, bloating, fatigue, depression and major anxiety. I drove myself out of my mind with worry. My period was 6 days late (almost 2 weeks after taking the pill) when I woke up with nausea. I thought for sure it was morning sickness, until I went to the bathroom and saw that my period had started! Now bleeding heavily, but I&#039;m so thankful!"
"My son who is now 7 was on Adderall XR for about 9 months. It made him more focused but aggressive and hard to get along with others. He&#039;s been on Concerta ER 18mg for almost 3 weeks at first he was complaining about headaches but his aggression has changed tremendously. He gets along well with his sisters and is able to control himself better. I think I&#039;m going to like CONCERTA."
"I take 0.5 mg as needed when I have an occasional anxiety attack"
"I have been on Contrave for about 4 months and I have also been on a strict diet as well. It hasn&#039;t helped me at all. I haven&#039;t lost any weight at all. I had severe headaches during the initial phases of increasing dosages and after stabilized dosages I haven&#039;t seen any difference at all. I read that if it didn&#039;t show any difference within the first couple of months then it was most likely not effective for you. Considering another option. One positive thing though is the free scale from the scale down program, however the constant hounding and text messages gets old very quickly."
"It works well for me when I&#039;m really sick and unable to stop coughing. I can&#039;t take codeine because it makes me sick. This does not."
"I have been taking this medication for 9 weeks now. I injured my lower back and will require a spinal fusion of L5-S1 and L4-L5. I will be waiting for this surgery to get approved for a long time. This medication help quite a bit with all the pain associated with my back, except the nerve pain. Thank God the nerve pain is intermittent. I have noticed that the longer I take it, the less amount of relief time I get. That is to say, when I started taking it I would get about 6 hours of relief. That time started shortening rather quickly down to 2 hours now. My doctor put me on Tramadol at the same time now. I alternate taking 2 of each every 3-4 hours and the relief is amazing. I get about 75% pain relief with that combo, Versus about 50%."
"I was on Ortho Cyclen 28 day cycle for almost two years. I lost my sex drive, I gained almost thirty pounds in five months, my moods were horrid, and constant migraines. I switched to the patch, which I had been on previously. I&#039;m on my second patch and already my sex drive is returning, I&#039;m dropping some of that weight I gained, and my breasts are growing (they aren&#039;t even tender). 

My only serious complaint is the itching. My skin itches where I place it and leaves a few little bumps that itch and burn. I&#039;ll take that and deal with it. Also placement took a while to figure out but the best area to put it on is your shoulder blades. They don&#039;t wrinkle and scrunch up, or collect the linty stuff there."
"I only stopped taking this medication because I switched insurances and the new company will not cover it at all! Being off of it, I realize what a huge difference this medication made. I took Brintellix for 4 months. I had some difficulty the first couple weeks, to be honest, with sleep. Taking the medication in the evening made sense for me, I slept better vs. taking it in the day time, I slept worse. I ended up not needing to take any of my anti-anxiety pills after a month! My arousal was not hindered at all. Brilliant medication, thank you to whoever discovered this one."
"I&#039;ve been taking trazadone for the past year to help me sleep. I get anxious when I go to bed because I&#039;m afraid I won&#039;t sleep well and I have to because I also have fibromyalgia. I&#039;m taking 150 mg now. If I take 200mg I can barely wake up and am hung over all day. I take 50mg about 30 mins before bed and the other 100mg right before. I do this because it sometimes makes me feel weird and nauseous if I take it all at once. It does nothing for my pain. Just helps me sleep and relaxes me at night. It&#039;s good for now."
"Had dizziness, vomiting, shortness of breath, fatigue. Side effects lasting for more then 7 days after first and only use."
"I&#039;ve had pcos since I was a teen, very irregular periods dr says I don&#039;t ovulate. High school sweet heart and I got married and we want children. It&#039;s very difficult having pcos. Dr proscribed provera to induce a period. She said it would shed the lining and would be like starting &quot;new&quot;. Took 1 pill a day for 7 days. Took 3 days to start my period after last pill. I do not recommend this pill to anyone. I&#039;ve had severe bleeding for several days and large blood clots. I soak through at least 2 super plus tampons an hour. It leaks so bad through the tampon I have to also wear pads. Pads have rubbed me raw and the baby bleeding and constant changing of tampons has made me raw from the top of my vagina to my butthole. I&#039;m very weak and dizzy."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control one year now and it has been a up and down journey sometimes I would not have a cycle and then I would have a horrible one. If you&#039;re looking for something to prevent pregnancy this is the one for you I never became pregnant"
"I had burned my arm with a curling iron on Saturday and within a week I had put Neosporin on at least 8 times a day to keep my burn moist and I was also using bandages to help keep it on during work and at bed time.  My arm had become swollen and it itched a lot.  I thought the itching was due to it healing.  I decided to go the doctor due to the swelling.  The swelling was approximately two inches by three inches. Well come to find out I was using too much Neosporin and using it longer than you should. The doctor said I have Cellulitis and I have to take the antibiotic Keflex for 10 days to get rid of it. Always see the doctor first."
"I&#039;m allergic to penicillin and Zithromax, so my doctor prescribed Avelox after I&#039;d had a sinus infection for 3 weeks.  (I try to avoid taking antibiotics since I&#039;m allergic to the normal prescriptions.)  I started to feel better after the first dose.  My only complaint is that the pills were a lot more expensive than simple amoxicillin."
"I had sex for the first time, on no birth control, with no condom. He pulled out but I was still nervous because I&#039;d heard a lot of different rumors about precum, and I was pretty drunk when it happened. Got some generic form of Plan B 15 hours later at CVS. And then I continued to stress for the next 2 weeks. I tried all the home remedies to get my period faster- warm milk/water, baths, heating pads, vitamin C- you name it, I tried it. But the pill will work in time. Give it at least two weeks before pregnancy testing. Takes more or less time on certain people. Symptoms for me were sore breasts and nausea. Wicked cramps now, but relieved I&#039;m not pregnant. Good luck, and remember not to stress. It. Will. Work."
"I have been constantly on pain medication for 6 years due to a wreaked back. I was on Hydrocodone 7.5 4x a day; and it work fine, but when you take the same meds no matter what it is over 6 years it doesn&#039;t work as well after a while. So I talked with my Doctor and He Dr. decided I needed to try  Hysingla 20mg, and assured me it would work great. Well after two weeks of sleepless nights and loss of work I had Had it!! This was the biggest waste of my money and time. Not only is this crap cost twice as much with my insurance, but it DOES NOT WORK! I understand why Doctors would want to try it; for fear of opiate abuse, but this is causing more and more people who are truly in need PAIN!!!"
"I have been on Femara for 3 years now, following 5 years on Tamoxifen as part of the Tango treatment for breast cancer. I have experienced severe joint pain, vaginal dryness, loss of libido, etc. But thought it was worth the effects in order to keep me &#039;cancer free&#039;. I was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2003. I have also issues with bone problems i.e. broke my foot 4 years ago &amp; chipped my knee joint. But hey I&#039;m still here. Keep persevering girls!"
"I am 37 yr old Male. As a young adult I always found fascination in thinking about 25 things at once, and being excessively consumed with multiple projects. It wasn&#039;t until this year that I actually recognized that I never finished any of the 25 projects I started. I don&#039;t have any depression or severe symptoms, I just simply can&#039;t stop getting pulled into 20 directions all the time. I started, and am remaining on a 5mg twice/day prescription. The difference in my ability to get stuff done is like night and day. I don&#039;t take it after 3pm, or I wont be able to sleep at night. And I don&#039;t take it on the weekends. On days where I feel somewhat sane, I don&#039;t take it either. "
"I&#039;m a 21 year old female and just diagnosed with Bipolar I. It&#039;s been a roller coaster ride especially after gaining 10 pounds in the hospital while taking risperidone and Depakote. I&#039;m still on the Depakote, though I hope to discontinue it as soon as my psychiatrist allows, but I just switched to Abilify. I&#039;ve got to say, so far I have no complaints. With risperidone I had no &quot;lid&quot; to my hunger. It was endless, and that was quite disappointing. There were many other side effects, but the weight gain has added to my self loathing. Though the painful heart dysrhythmias are a close second. I&#039;m hoping that Abilify makes it possible for me to curb my appetite back to what it used to be as I exercise the 30 pounds I don&#039;t need away."
"I was having a lot of problems with spotting so my doctor put me on Trinessa and it was terrible. Each month like clockwork after finishing the second week of pills I would have spotting that would last until I took my last pill and then its period time, so basically had a period for two weeks. Also when I was off the active pills I was really emotional I would always be very, very depressed the first day of my period and I would just remind myself it was because of the pill but no one wants to willingly feel that way. My doctor has switched me over to Seasonique and I am starting that in two weeks. I hope that helps me as I&#039;ve been dealing with spotting issues for almost a year and have been on probably 4 different pills and nothing has helped."
"I have been on Prozac since I had post natal depression in 1994. It has saved my life and my marriage. I take 20mgs but my only son left home recently to go overseas and join the army so my doctor increased the dose to 30mg as I have been feeling anxious and not sleeping as well."
"I read a lot of the comments and did not find any like my experiences when I took the stuff two days ago for my colonoscopy yesterday.  I found the taste mildly offensive the first dose but the texture of the solution seemed slimy which I cannot tolerate.  Within ten minutes, I had very severe, uncontrollable shaking--way, way past trembling.  I really thought I was going to die and I live alone.  Could not walk, could not hold anything--it was awful.  Subsided in about fifteen very long minutes and about an hour later, after the four cups of water, had some action which lasted about two hours.  The first dose was at 9 PM. The second dose was at 3  AM and I had the same violent shaking again (could not finish the dose).  Never again!"
"I was prescribed klonopin for my sleeping anxiety. I just have a fear I guess you would call it of going to sleep. My mind constantly races over really bad things and keeps me up all night. I can&#039;t fall asleep until I&#039;m extremely drowsy. However, this is an anxiety medication so would I be ok to take during the day at work to calm my anxiety or will it knock me out like it does at night? Just curious that maybe since I have the mentality that I&#039;m going to bed soon is why it makes me so drowsy as opposed to being up and busy at work. I get overwhelmed with anxiety at work sometimes and have nothing to help with it."
"60 year old women with bone on bone and need TKR, however my doctor suggested Euflexxa saying I was too young for surgery.  I am one and a half months out from my third injection.  After the first injection I was able to sleep through the night without my knees locking, which was a huge improvement. My doctor said to take it easy for 48 hours after each injection and to ice four times a day.  Right knee responded much better than the left, but I do have some pain relief in both knees.  I started Physical Therapy 4 weeks prior to the injections and the doctor advised to continue as long as my insurance will pay.  My doctor advised I will be at my optimum 3 months out from the third injection."
"I developed a chronic cough.....could this be a side effect of this medicine?"
"I was hesitant to get this after reading all the reviews, but I am the world&#039;s worst at trying to remember to take pills, so my husband and I agreed to give this a shot. I got it put in back in June. I had my period for 3 months with maybe 2 days a month where I didn&#039;t bleed. I wanted to rip the thing out, but we agreed to try it for a little longer. In October, my period went to about 2 weeks and when it ended I haven&#039;t had one since and it is now December 7th. I had bad headaches for the first month. I had no weight gain or mood swings. If you can make it through the first couple of months, in my opinion its great. But something you have to remember when reading all these reviews is everyone&#039;s body does not work in the same way."
"I am not the same person when I&#039;m off this medication, the difference is nearly night and day. I&#039;m so much happier, I have heaps more confidence, and all in all my life just works better when I&#039;m on it. I only came off it as a trial but I went back on after a month; I don&#039;t like the way I am without it I&#039;m irritable, and cry easily and obsess about everything! That has eased up so much and I am generally much happier and more able to get on with my life :)"
"Please do not get this. I&#039;ve had it for about 2 years now and I&#039;m getting it out ASAP. I&#039;m constantly tired, starving, I have crazy mood swings, I put on 20+ pounds, my clothes don&#039;t fit me any more. My patience is thin with my daughter which makes me sad  and I have no confidence anymore. My husband thinks I hate him. I&#039;ve never been so stressed out in my life not to mention I&#039;m not looking forward to them getting it out."
"I had Implanon inserted May of 2012. Once it was inserted, I continued to have a period for 6 months non-stop, which caused some other issues. Once that stopped, I had periods for two weeks, and then would be off for two weeks, and then back on. This went on for a year. Now they come and go as they please. One thing that I&#039;ve had a hard time dealing with though is the weight gain. I gained 10 lbs in just one year, and during this second year I have gained 5 more lbs. I have never in my life had an issue with weight (gaining or losing), but this has been it for me. It has also given me extremely painful periods. It HAS done it&#039;s job in preventing pregnancy though! Which I am pleased with!"
"Roxicet has been extremely effective in relieving my occasional severe pain. Thirty milligrams eases the pain completely and lets me get back to the important things in life, like work or family time."
"I have been dealing with sweaty palms since the 3rd grade.  I never understood why I was so different.  I couldn&#039;t wear cute sandals because my feet would slip and slide.  I couldn&#039;t hold my husband&#039;s hand without drenching his.  I am now 32, live in hot/humid Florida so finally decided to ask my dermatologist what can help.  I used this stuff twice on my feet and was AMAZED that I wore sandals and did not slip out of them - total life changer."
"I cannot say my experience with these medications- enbrel, humira, simponi &amp; cimzia have been positive. For some odd reason my body is continually rejecting them. I end up with the uncommon/ rare side effects and have to stop using. Seems once I reach a 3 month mark is when the side effects start showing. My last trial has been with cimzia, which I began symptoms for the past month or more and my research doctor had told me my symptoms were not from the cimzia.This last injection I took 3 days ago, now has given me terrible swelling in my feet and lower legs. I am at a loss now.Seems there is nothing else on the Canadian market for A.S."
"Work great for me, been on it for the past years."
"I recently posted a review on this pill 3 months ago when I fist started and thought it was great. I WAS WRONG! I had to update because I could not in good conscience let anyone think this pill is anything but terrible. My fist month went great, no side effects at all. The second month I noticed my stomach was not right. Turns out this pill destroys the good bacteria in your gut. Probiotics are a must! I noticed I started to gain a little weight and developed slight eczema on my face which still comes and goes 2 months later. Beware taking this pill."
"After taking one pill within a half hour I was erect and hard, had sex and could keep going to her surprise. Deciding to continue to fool around, I found it easy to become erect when aroused by her, and this continued all day into the night and into the next day. I was very happy with the results. Again that is after taking one pill not half."
"I didn&#039;t do much research prior to starting Contrave. I&#039;m never one to suffer side effects from things, so I wasn&#039;t concerned. I took my first dose on a day when I was going on a field trip with my son. I could hardly hold my eyes open all day and slept the whole way back to school on the bus. I&#039;m now on week 5, and taking 2 pills in the morning and 2 at night- I&#039;m still sleepy all the time and find myself more hungry than I was before starting the medicine. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, but I haven&#039;t lost any either. I&#039;m going to continue to take this for at least 8-10 weeks, and I&#039;m hoping I can come back and say that it was worth the hassle! If I don&#039;t feel any improvements in my appetite by the 8-10 week mark, I&#039;m done. "
"First colonoscopy ever. This prep worked great. Yes a bit salty, but just gulp it down and chase it with the water. No cramping, nausea or headache. Started working in a bout 40 minutes. Stay close to the bathroom and get to the toilet at the hint of movement. Took about 4 hours to complete the first round. Did the second round the morning of my procedure, took it at 5 am for an 11:00 procedure. Second round was a breeze. Cleared out by 8:30am and doctor reported fully cleared.  This prep is worth the money and I will definitely use it again. Have no fear folks?"
"So I had the mirena inserted 4/1/15. I have a 3 month old son. The pain was horrible. Took the doc a few times to get it placed correctly. After the insertion, I didn&#039;t have any cramping or bleeding for abt 4 days. On 4/5/15, I started bleeding heavily. It&#039;s was heavy for abt 3 days and now it&#039;s light. I&#039;m STILL bleeding. I&#039;m starting to have cramping now. I don&#039;t think I like it so I&#039;m considering having it removed and trying something different."
"I&#039;m 20 and have had the Paragard IUD for almost 4 months. The first couple days after insertion were the worst. Although the procedure itself was quick and somewhat painless, bleeding and cramps were a serious issue over the following weeks. The cramps were painful to the point where it was debilitating but taking painkillers helped a lot. Between spotting and periods I was bleeding almost nonstop first few weeks. The IUD made my periods longer and heavier (went from 5 to 8 days) and I became extremely susceptible to bacterial vaginosis, which has recurred  continuously (and isvery costly to treat). Side effects (BV and bleeding) made me unable to have unprotected sex, which ruined the point of the birth control. Things do improve with time"
"Was prescribed this medication for my UTI.  After taking my second pill, I started experiencing severe migraines and blurred vision. It was so bad that I couldn&#039;t drive. I stopped taking it yesterday and my vision is still not 100%. I recommend people try this for a day and observe your bodies reaction. Lots of people have a bad reaction to this medication (Ive NEVER had a reaction to medication in my life only this one). If your sensitive to certain medication I highly recommend you don&#039;t take this one."
"Been on regular seroquel for 4 years fine. Started this for mania/depression and paranoid thoughts. Awful. Weaned up from 50mg to 450mg then back down to off in 1 week. Stomach pains. Out of touch with reality. Groggy. Weight gain immediatley.
It helped the symptoms, but no way to live."
"I have been taking Bystolic 5mg 2x a day for the last 2 years.  I was 33 yrs old when I discovered my blood pressure was high (150/105 approx) ouch. I don&#039;t have any of the risk factors for high blood pressure.  Dr said it is probably just genetic.  My blood pressure has been controlled and has been normal ever since I started taking Bystolic.  I have not had any negative side effects at all."
"I was on this pill for two months. The first couple days I couldn&#039;t stop crying...I am NOT the crying type of person, and I had constant mood swings. The following two months I gained a significant amount of weight (10 pounds) even with running and dieting. My breasts were beyond sore and I couldn&#039;t handle my husband even lightly touching them. I felt bloated the entire time and my periods were back in full force! With my previous birth control (Natazia - my insurance stopped covering), I had no period and no ovarian cysts bursting. My gynocologist recommended I get off of this pill immediately. Hopefully I will have better luck with the next!"
"Everything affects everyone differently. With that said I have had the nexplanon for just over a year and I&#039;m not loving it. I had the Mirena for 5 years. No issues and period was very light. 5 years is the max then you need a new one. My doctor who inserted the first one couldn&#039;t get the replacement in.  So moved to plan B. My doctor mentioned nexplanon because I didn&#039;t like pills or nuvaring. Insertion was easy and pretty painless. They use a local anesthetic.  My doctor thought I would react in a similar manner to the mirena but that hasn&#039;t been the case. My skin is oilier, it breaks out, and my period is much heavier. Not to mention I gained 10 lbs. Probably will get it removed once I decide on another option."
"This medicine did not work for me. "
"This has saved my life. I felt like I was starting to get out of control with my drinking, going through life week to week.  Then I realized it could be different.  This is awesome.  I can&#039;t believe how well it works and neither can my husband. I&#039;m great now. First thing I always did when I got home from work, was pour a vodka tonic, now... nothing. I have a new lease on life after work. I can drive after dinner."
"I started my son on this medicine on Friday.  He is doing well.  No emotional break-downs, no crying.  The only issue I am having is he is falling asleep around noon every day.  He hasn&#039;t had a nap since he was 16 months old.  He is 7, going on 8. I can&#039;t imagine his teacher will be all that amused when he goes to sleep during class tomorrow."
"This is absolutely the best birth control I have ever used. I switched from Nexplanon to Ortho Evra, and if you are thinking of doing the same, I highly recommend it.  Let me list the reasons why:
1. Weight loss. I have lost 5lbs in one month, without even trying!  I&#039;m back to the weight I was before I started birth control...but my breasts are still birth control sized.
2. Sex drive. Mine had been non-existent since I went on Nexplanon in September. Now, stronger than ever. That might be a downside though, now that I think about it.
3. Skin- no acne!
4. Predictable cycle. (On Nexplanon, I never knew when I was going to menstruate, which was about 90% of the time). Now, a non issue.
5. Don&#039;t have to remember everyday."
"I injured my back at work, it got to the point where it was difficult to get out of bed. My doctor put me on Skelaxin and tramadol, in a matter of weeks I was back to work and feeling 100% better."
"I took Ella at the very end of Oct . I didn&#039;t experience any side effects from taking the pill initially,  and all the tests I took several times in Nov were neg every time. My period did not return until Feb and when it did it was one word- horrific. I was already 10 days in to my cycle when I stood up and thought I had peed my pants b/c of the amount and speed of  liquid that came out of me. I had my period in Feb for 19 days, March was 25 days , April I am currently working on 17 days. Thankfully there have not been anymore traumatic floods but 7 months after taking that pill I am still dealing with the effects on my cycle and the unknown for my future fertility. If I could go back and do it all over I would not have taken Ella."
"When I was diagnosed with ADHD in the 3rd grade they put me on Adderall and then I became a person I was not. I had social anxiety but got exceptionally good grades in school where others failed. Adderall changes your personality and was the worst 12 years of my life, I had no friends because engaging in conversation was nearly impossible. It traps your thoughts in a prison of your mind and suppresses any creativity. "
"I just started the Metroprolol for premature ventricular depolarizations. I was on one 25 mg pill a day and it wasn&#039;t touching it. I recently was upgraded to two 25 mg pills a day, we will see how it goes. My symptoms include rapid heartbeat while at rest and what feels like skipped beats or double beats. Most of the time they are on the aggressive side. I&#039;m a 32 year old male."
"So far, not so good. Have only been taking Sronyx for 22 days (so maybe it gets better after 2-3 months), during which time I experienced the heaviest period of my life with excessive clotting. Cramps were reduced, however.  I&#039;m not prone to acne but have an increased occurrence in pimples since taking. Generally I just feel &#039;off,&#039; and not like myself."
"Could not sleep 2 nights in a row. So I decided to try 2 Unisom tables.  Took about 10pm. Slept amazing. Woke at 7.30 am took kids to school (felt like I was exhausted) went back to bed woke up at 1pm. Still pretty groggy and sluggish. Trying to wake up."
"Zyrtec knocks me out. Period. I took a pill at noon and by 2:00 pm I lay down virtually passed out. I slept for two hours straight. In the middle of the day. When I awoke I could barely function. Brain fog, lethargy, no energy. To tell the truth, I was so spaced out for so long that I couldn&#039;t tell if helped my sinus condition or not. I wouldn&#039;t dream of taking it if I had to drive. It would make a great sleeping pill."
"My wife was administered Compazine after receiving chemo to relieve nausea symptoms. Within 12 hours, she became restless, irritable, felt like her muscles were being ripped out of her body, it caused her to have a 103 fever and diarrhea, coupled with the chemo almost killed her. She ended up in the ICU unconscious and almost died. Our team of doctors told us the was a rare occurrence. From reading the other reviews, and witnessing this first-had. I would advise anyone, if offered this drug to decline. It was truly the biggest nightmare of my wife&#039;s life. On the scale of 1-10 above this survey asked to select how effective this medicine was. Therefor we would give it a 0=ZERO."
"This is the only non prescription pain relief that will take away the pain of a toothache or any other body pain within an hour.  I have not found them effective for a migraine  headache."
"Just 2 days after my 1st injection the bleeding, fever, vomiting stopped. With time the diarrhea settled down to 1 to 3 times a day, all the mucus and excessive gas stopped. Six months after starting my colonoscopy show  the ulcers and inflammation  had cleared and healed completely in the entire large colon down  and there was  just chronic inflammation in rectum."
"If I take 4mg at bedtime it will allow me to sleep, however, I can&#039;t wake when I need to get up to pee!  If I take 2mg (a 4mg pill broken in half) I can get up without a problem and still sleep most of the night. I also have a pain pump 9.0Mgr of hydromorphone, oral hydromorphone, trazodone.  Even with these drugs on board at bedtime pain keeps me from sleep more than a few hours total each night...  With the addition of some tizanidine, I am able to get nearly a full nights sleep. This is the only time I take it."
"For the first time in my life, I no longer have suicidal thoughts. I am more positive. However, my fibromyalgia, migraines, chronic fatigue syndrome, and Chronic Epstein-Barr Virus are so incredibly painful and crippling, I am not able to function normally. I have had hot flashes also. However, feeling like I am choosing life rather than seeking death options, is the greatest benefit of Cymbalta."
"I have tried both Ambien and Lunesta and they messed me up the next day, felt real groggy. Heard about Silenor and got some prescribed, so far so good."
"I had a really big blister when I woke up and rushed to WalMart. The only one available was Abreva. It doesn&#039;t relieve of pain or that burning/fat sensation but it did ultimately dry out my cold sore! EXCEPT NOW (Day 3) it&#039;s slowly spreading all over my lip. I was sanitary! Down to disinfecting my lip before applying Abreva. I used only Q-tips, no fingers.
In other words, it dries your first cold sore, but it doesn&#039;t stop the other cold sores for using Abreva."
"Used for approximate 1 month. Experienced restless nights, increased emotion-i.e. Felt I was going to cry over silly things that wouldn&#039;t normally make me emotional, mood swings, increased anxiety, headaches, and increased agitation. I&#039;m very intune with my body and didn&#039;t feel like myself. I felt like I was &quot; PMSing&quot; the entire month. Was prescribed Ortho-Tricylcen-Lo- however my insurance only covered generics and substitutes a &quot; similar &quot; product. No similar really- with the exception of both being labeled as birth control. Switching ASAP. I rated it a &quot;3&quot; because ultimately it did its job, and I did not get pregnant."
"My Doctor prescribed Mirapex for my Restless Legs Syndrome and it made me extremely sick! I couldn&#039;t even get out of my bed for almost 24 hours and felt like a train wreck! I went back to Sinemet and it works great and is very inexpensive with my insurance."
"I have had Mirena for a little over a month now, and so far its been great! The insertion was very painful... much worse than people said, but this varies between people. I had severe cramps for a few hours after it was inserted, but after that they were mild for the rest of the day (and the next). I spotted for a few days, but that went away and there was nothing until my period. My period was lighter, but it lasted longer. It was basically spotting (slightly heavier than a pantyliner could handle), for seven days. Since then, I&#039;ve had some sporadic light spotting, but its definitely manageable. As for other side effects, I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain, mood swings, or a noticeable increase in acne, and I am prone to breakouts."
"Didn&#039;t work"
"Best birth control ever I&#039;ve use it for since Jan 2013 and I&#039;ve not gain weight, no headaches or nothing different from my normal life except that I haven&#039;t had a period ever since I got it which my Gyno said it was normal when I first got it didn&#039;t hurt a bit and I went on a cruise a week after that&#039;s how quick it heal but I guess everyone is different. Most people I know that has it love it and that&#039;s why I chose to get that one. Good luck to everyone."
"I&#039;ve been on Viberzi for a little over a month now and it&#039;s been fantastic.   My only problem is, each morning when I take it, i always feel like my arms way 100 pounds so, I lay down for a little while until that passes but then I&#039;m good to go for the rest of the day. I&#039;ll take a little discomfort in my muscles for a day of not having to worry about pooping my pants"
"I was on 3 to 4 bags a day for three years. Always felt depressed. Now I have been on Subutex for 3 years, feel no desire to get high. Am scared on how I will feel coming off of it. I am going to start to cut it back. I am on 4mg twice a day most of the time. I take 2 mg twice a day. Want to stop so I can feel like myself again. "
"Took two ten mg tablets then tried to sleep. Couldn&#039;t sleep because of legs and upper back spasming the same or worse and then . Fell asleep three times for thirty minutes to an hour each time only to wake up because of spasming and then discovering I had pooed myself a little each time. It gave me horrible diarrhea. I would rather be knocked out with a few firm punches to the face than to try this stuff again. I&#039;m fairly certain it not only didn&#039;t help, but it made everything worse."
"This medication has changed my life. I am bipolar so I take it with my Trileptal (mood stabilizer). I&#039;ve been searching for the right medicine combination for 10 years and I&#039;ve never felt better. I started Celexa 6 weeks ago and It took about a month to feel it working. I had headaches and stomach problems but all that has subsided. I am free from the debilitating anxiety I&#039;ve dealt with my entire life. I feel a sense of hope and happiness I never thought possible for me. I recommend this to anyone who struggles with anxiety, obsessive thoughts, low energy, stress sensitive or depressed. It&#039;s truly been a God send."
"This is probably the pill I&#039;ll never take. The first six months were great. I lost weight, had 100% regular periods with no in between bleeding. Now I&#039;ve had a good 4 months of non-stop anxiety, paranoia, and depression that wasn&#039;t there before. I have also developed bleeding the week before my period is supposed to show up. Definitely switching pills ASAP."
"Helps wth anxiety but makes me very sleepy, really can&#039;t take it if have a lot of work to do. I only take half a dose ."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for about two weeks now and I&#039;ve noticed a considerable difference in my demeanor. The very first day I took it, it upset my stomach severely. I was so nauseous and had intestinal issues...yikes. But the next day I felt great. My doctor recommended I take a half pill for the first few days. I have had some relationship issues and work issues and I suffer from anxiety and depression. I have obsessive, negative thoughts about my relationship and it was seriously impacting it. I was fighting with my partner everyday because I couldn&#039;t stop thinking about our problems. Since I&#039;ve taken the medicine, we had one fight. I do sleep a ton though I seem to be shaking that off a little. I feel like so far so good."
"I find it difficult to walk due to what one doctor said was
planta faciiatis. I am on my feet for 10 hours sometimes.
I find that only certain shoes help; but when walking barefoot I needed relief. My wife had Mobisyl which contains 10% Trolamine Salic. It worked like a charm. 
Now trying it on my shoulders which hurt as well and hope it helps."
"About 4 days ago , I had sex with my boyfriend and the condom broke so he came inside me basically . Right away he went to buy me plan b and I took it about 30 min after it all happened . I just hope I&#039;ll be okay . I feel much better after reading these reviews . I can&#039;t afford to have a kid . I&#039;m just 18 and honestly I&#039;m scared right now but I feel a little better ."
"Drug works just fine.  It&#039;s getting it that&#039;s the problem. It seems to be back-ordered from the manufacturers and it&#039;s a struggle to get it. Now I&#039;m out and can&#039;t seem to get anyone to get more for me.. even though they keep promising. Now I&#039;m left scrambling to get to my doctor to change medications in midstream. STAY AWAY!!!"
"I&#039;ve only taken 1 dose and very reluctantly. The first injection seemed to have no side  or few side effects. Before I tried this I was on bydureon had 4 injections. It truly was a nightmare. Nausea  and horrible, bad diarrhea. Once I figured out it was the bydureon. I stopped it
 I&#039;m praying the trulicity works"
"I wanted to love this so badly but it honestly was the worst choice of birth control for me. Since I had already tried the Mirena I was already aware of how painful the insertion was going to be so I was prepared. But every month around my period my cramps were even worse than the ones I got during insertion. It was always the first day. I had 10-12 day periods each cycle, but there wasn&#039;t a single period I had without some type of leak happening and I wound up having so much spotting I would occasionally have 2 periods a month. About a year into having it and it actually started making me physically ill. I would have unpredictable vomiting episodes that got especially worse if I hadn&#039;t eaten. I got it out, &amp; immediately felt 100x&#039;s better"
"I LOVED IT. My sex life is so much better!

Thanks Viagra."
"I started taking Qsymia in July 2013. I was 294 lbs. I have lost over 100 lbs with the help of Qsymia and am loving life. This is the only thing that has worked for me and I&#039;ve tried everything from Weight Watchers to Adipex and back around. 
I love Qsymia. It is a life saver."
"As far as not getting pregnant this thing works great! I&#039;ve experienced some really annoying side effects too. First off I have no ryme or reason to my cycle and when I have it it&#039;s SOOO long. I&#039;ve &quot;spotted&quot; for 2mos straight before. Also I have little to no sex drive. Guess that makes it easier not to get pregnant!"
"I have extreme bloating and my face has broke out terribly! I have been on it for a year and I&#039;ve gained almost 60lbs! I have had a non-stop period with horrible cramps for 8 months straight."
"I have now unfortunately had severe dry eyes I make NO tears after a horrible lasik procedure a little over 1 year ago. It is so bad that I have pretty much lost my career. I have found that Puralube helps tremendously at night I have to put a drop of walgreens brand artificial tears then apply the ointment and then put another drop in and close my eyes and that lasts about half the night and I have to put in the artificial tears and sometimes reapply the ointment throughout the night. I tried ALL the other ointments and this is the only one that relieved my eyes and let me sleep the longest at one time, also most of the others like Systane and Refresh gave me styes."
"I am 22 and I have always had moderate acne on my forehead since I was 13. I first started with 100mg of spiro which caused a horrible initial breakout. I stopped taking it for 1 month and started it again but on 50mg and it really cleared my skin. Within one month I started getting a terrible headache that lasted 1 week it was so unbearable i stopped taking the pill for a week now and my headache is completely gone. I don&#039;t know if this happened because my diet consists of mostly salt food, but I was seriously scared I thought I had a brain tumor. This pill is a diuretic so maybe it&#039;ll work well to those whom have a well balanced diet, but as soon as you feel side effects you should stop it immediately!!! :("
"I&#039;m 19 and I have had fybromyalgia since Oct of 2014. I take 100mg everynight and my rheumatologist said to take with 500mg Tylenol. It helps so much I also take 5 300mg caps of gabapentin a day."
"I have been taking Viibryd for about a week now and so for can&#039;t tell a lot besides not sleeping and having night sweats only on the 10mg. So far not sure if it&#039;s right for me or not. I have taken everything and the only thing that has worked for me is Lexapro and I was on 10 mg for a year then was on 20mg for another year but just wasn&#039;t working anymore so I am going to give Viibryd a good shot before quitting. Think I will start taking in the morning and see how that goes."
"* EDIT last entry didn&#039;t include score

I&#039;ve been on Lomaira for about 8 weeks and have had success. My doctor first put me on 37.5 mg generic phentermine, but I couldn&#039;t stop sweating and it was giving me anxiety. I was definitely eating less, but I hated the feeling. My doctor told me a new weight loss medication was now available that was more targeted to evening when I tend to over eat after work. It&#039;s definitely a bit more expensive. I&#039;m paying $29/month and the generic was about $18/month. I prefer the brand and I like starting on this low dose. You can go all the way up to 24mg with this so I will probably stay on lomaira for a while. I&#039;ve lost about 18 lbs in 2 months. I don&#039;t like drugs so I&#039;m happy to use less phentermine"
"I was on 400 mgs for six years. In that time it messed with my testosterone. My doctor never said anything about it. Still suffered from manic depression, depression anxiety."
"Did not work at all for me. So disappointed.  It was very expensive.  And I think it might have made my skin worse."
"I take this 20 MG a day along with Carbamazepine  (tegratol/equetro). The two medicines together really make me feel &quot;normal&quot;. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie. I feel a bit of euphoria on this. This is a good thing, but I can see how that can make some people become dependant on it. However, I feel great on this. I feel a tiny bit tired but I&#039;m not sure if it is one of my meds or my 3 kids tiring me out. Otherwise,  no major side effects. Maybe some issues with vaginal dryness but lubricant helps. Doesn&#039;t kill my libido the way some antipsychotics can."
"Update - I have been using the inhaler and been smoke free for 4 months.  The inhaler was very useful the 1st couple months in managing the hand to mouth habit.  It does not have the same enjoyable sensation of taking a drag, but it is an adequate substitute.  Although I never used the recommended dosage, for the last month I have only been using 2 to 3 cartridges a week and those are more in an attempt to prevent me from eating than a need for nicotine.  One thing that has really been a benefit is the reduced stress of travel as I no longer need to worry about when I can have my next cigarette!"
"Works great, little side effects. I will get a little stomach upset if I don&#039;t take with food, which you should do. I am not sure why the reviews are bad unless you are allergic. My UTI symptoms start to disappear with one pill. Fast relief."
"Been using this drop for the last 3 days and can honestly say that this is the 1st drop that has helped my raging allergy eyes in years ! Make sure you ask for the big bottle as my insurance company was charging me the same for the smaller bottle. Hope it works just as good as the allergy season gets worse later this year."
"I just wanted to post another side to this I&#039;m 19 years old and I had the Implanon in for two years. I had horrible mood swings, hot flashes, weight gain, etc. I didn&#039;t get a period, I loved that. There are other side effects though you&#039;re more likely to catch virus&#039; or have a sore throat all the time. Headaches that are beyond crippling I went to the hospital for them. I had it removed not long ago to find out I may need help to have a child if I ever want one in the near future. I think everyone is different who receives it but really read over the side effects. "
"Hey Everyone, I take 2mg of Ativan a day. 1 mg in the morning and 1 mg at night before bed. I have been diagnosed with Severe Panic Attack and Depression. Lorazepam (Generic brand for Ativan) does help me. Understand that the effects for any medication is going to vary person to person. I don&#039;t get sleepy in the morning when I take it, but it does help me get a good night&#039;s sleep at night when I&#039;m tired. 

Also, I do want to say: Recently, my pharmacy didn&#039;t give me the exact amount of pills of Ativan, so I have been off of it &quot;cold turkey&quot; because I ran out and the withdrawal symptoms can be a hellish.

Note: Anybody can be dependent on any medication/drug. Talk to your Psychiatrist. REMEMBER...everyone responds to medication differently."
"I&#039;ve been on LoSeasonique for 2 sets (6 months).  I&#039;ve seen no weight gain, no changes in my skin, and my hair is as thick as ever.  I like it, I went off of LoEstrin because I had bad cramps that got worse when I went off it for a year, and pelvic pain (caused by cysts).  SO, this birth control certainly assisted with alleviating these issues.  It&#039;s helpful though to exercise regularly I think.  I&#039;ve had spotting but its nothing compared to my normal heavy periods. I am questioning what other benefits this pill may hold over others. "
"This is my 3rd colonoscopy, and each time I&#039;ve been prescribed something different. For Suprep I was told to take my 1st dose at 4pm, followed by 2nd dose at 10pm -- colonoscopy is scheduled for 9am, and no liquids after midnight. For me, the stuff was vile tasting. Gag reflex kicked in and the tears started to flow, but got both doses down within a minute by holding my nose &amp; hubby&#039;s encouragement. I had a regular BM after about an hour with the first dose. However, I spent most of my time in bed with a book because of the chills it caused. After my second round, I massaged my stomach and walked around the house. I finally started pooping liquids after about 15 mins. Still pooping brown (needs to be clear), and it&#039;s nearly 1am."
"This is the only migraine medicine that consistently gets rid of my migraines. I&#039;ve tried Zomig, Imitrex, and many others - but Maxalt gets it gone in 15-30 minutes and I&#039;m back, up and ready to get back into life. I can even take one at work and just rest my eyes at my desk until it kicks in. Never could do that before."
"I have been on many different antidepressants from the age of 15 till now (22). I have tried Wellbutrin which was decent, Zoloft, Lexapro, Effexor etc. Now I am on Pristiq 100 mg and couldn&#039;t be happier. All the years I&#039;ve been trying to find what works for me, I finally have. My only complaint is that if I even forget to take it one night, within 10 hours I feel awful! Shaky, sweaty, brain zaps, rage etc. As long as I remember to take it, it&#039;s an amazing antidepressant."
"Worst experience of my life. I got it when my pharmacy replaced my Lutera with a generic. I felt horrible on it. Crazy emotions and no sex drive. Went to a different pharmacy and got back on my old brand. The first month of getting it out of my system has led to a month long period of brown discharge that only explodes out when you have sex. It&#039;s ruining my sex life with my boyfriend. Most horrible bc ever. Just say no."
"I have used it for months now and it helps so much!!! When my period comes around it somewhat helps but i&#039;ll still get some acne and it clears up right after. To me if i forget to put it on my face for one day it sucks!"
"Thank goodness for pharmaceutical patient assistance, or I could not afford this life saving medication."
"I never leave reviews but I wanted to for anyone else in my spot and wants sound advice.  I had about 10-12 small warts above my penis (pubic hair area) and 3 on the shaft.  

For the &quot;larger&quot; warts on the shaft, I received liquid nitrogen treatment which did not work well - one returned after a month and it had no impact on the other two.

I was also prescribed aldara to be used 5x weekly (M-F).  Let me be clear - FOR THE FIRST 6 WEEKS IT DID ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.  I was let down but continued to apply it diligently.

Finally, on week 7 things started getting red and inflamed.  This lasted for 2-3 weeks at which point things began healing and now look FLAWLESS.  Highly recommended, but BE PATIENT"
"Fast acting (25-30 minutes) and very few mild side effects - stuffy nose. Can be taken after a meal so no empty stomach requirement. Delivers excellent long lasting results without the Viagra/Cialis side effects."
"Day 3 on BACTRIM due to MRSA. Abscess was lanced and drained 5 days ago. Swelling/Pain of the abscess has finally begun remission. I did suffer from the reported migraine headache all day yesterday and it was quite debilitating,  but no such headache today and I&#039;m finally back at work. Also suffered from some seriously painful abdominal cramps that produced very loose/watery stool. Not much of an appetite today and feeling a little shaky so make sure you eat even if you don&#039;t want to. This drug is definitely very effective for treatment of MRSA. If the migraines were constant as others described I wouldn&#039;t not be back at work today. 
All my best wishes to everyone reading this."
"The side-effects suck. I would get a bloody nose at least 5 times a day, my lips would peel and get blisters, and my arms would get rashes. But it was all worth it. Accutane is amazing. I am so thankful for it. I had acne for 6 years and I tried everything you could imagine to try and clear my face up. Now after 4 long months, I am just now taking my last pill. I go to the mirror and I don&#039;t see a pimple, scar, or even a red mark on my face. my self-esteem has improved so much. I would definitely recommend it."
"I&#039;ve only been on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for like 2 weeks now I love it. I started the first day of my cycle, very skeptical at first about birth control in general. But I started my cycle, was two days longer than usual with extremes light bleeding the last two days, I guess you consider that breakthrough bleeding. Other than I have not experienced much side effects which I am so glad about. Other than being very emotional I&#039;m already a ball of tears so it kind of made me extra sad but not to much. One day my feet were swollen...don&#039;t know if that&#039;s a side effect. But once again nothing serious. I&#039;m hoping my breasts do up a size, or two. Definitely recommend for 1st time birth control."
"This medicine works better than anything else I have taken!!! It is just expensive."
"Tramadol would MILDLY work for my back and knee pain for about a week and then stop.  Oxycodone works best for me and hydrocodone is second.  If it works for your pain, great but my experience is that it does nothing more than ibuprofen or other OTC pain relievers in the long run.  The physical withdrawal from tramadol in my opinion is worse than hydrocodone or oxycodone due to the dual action it has on the brain."
"Ponstel was prescribed for severe period pain due to Fibroids and ovarian cysts.  It was very effetive and I would definitely reccomend it!  But just a cautionary note, this is a costly medication!  I had to pay the highest copay on my prescription insurance.  Get samples from your Doctor if at all possible!"
"I have been taking Cytomel to compliment Synthroid for 2 days and my life has already changed for the better!  I feel alive and my severe sweating and hot flashes have subsided - so far.  I am SO VERY happy now."
"I have dealt with an itching face for several months. I was embarrassed for anyone to see my face. After purchasing numerous over the counter creams, without any results, I decided it was time to see the doctor. Thank God for prednisone...the itching went away and my skin is clear."
"Been on Lyrica for 6 months now. 100mg 2x daily. Has worked great for pain relief. Side effects for me include dizziness and blurred vision. Have tried to change to Savella to see if same relief would happen without side effects, but after 3 days off Lyrica started to feel really bad. No weight gain but I do stay very active."
"I realize the insertion experience is different for everyone but let me tell you, I think bikini waxes are three times as painful as a Skyla insertion. It was nothing more than a period cramp sensation followed by a sharp pinch - all of lasting around 5-8 seconds. The worst part were the cramps that followed afterwards for a day but nothing a heating pad and some Advil couldn&#039;t resolve. I am now on my second day and the cramps have subsided almost completely. I just wanted to write this review because there are SO many horror stories out there and I believe those are the exceptions, not the norm, for the Skyla IUD insertion process. Overall, I am very pleased so far!"
"I&#039;ve been on the generic sertraline 50mg for about two weeks , and I feel
So much better . I was very depressed , irritable , had insomnia and felt like a total failure at life . I had a little diarrhea at first, but then I also have IBSD so I wasn&#039;t surprised . After a few days that stopped . I feel like my Old self again , like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders . I&#039;m even singing again , I haven&#039;t done that in about a year . I was in denial for a long time , I told myself I could handle the depression -I was wrong . This is the first anti-depressant I&#039;ve been on and I am very pleased with how much it has helped me."
"The taste reminds me of Triaminic. Gross! Sucked on a lemon after each gulp. Literally, within 10 minutes, I was in the bathroom and still am. No cramping, little nauseous, and it&#039;s flowing like a faucet. Will drink (hopefully) second bottle at 8am tomorrow."
"I have been on Spironolactone 50 mg a day now since August 2016. After being blessed with clear skin the majority of my adult years, I suddenly was stricken with deep, painful acne, all over my  checks, mouth and forehead. I originally tried doxy for three months with little to no success. Transitioning to Spiro was the best thing I ever did. Warning: It WILL get worse before it gets better!!! My skin was the worst it ever was the first two weeks starting it. But it slowly started clearing (noticable results within 2 months), and now after 6 months my skin is the best it&#039;s been in years! I take this in conjunction with clindamyacin (which I&#039;ve been on for 10 years). Stick with it!!! It WILL get better!"
"I&#039;ve been on Copaxone since February 2001. I have not had a major exacerbation during that time. Previously, I had a major exacerbation approx every 5 years. The minor exacerbations I now have are very mild. Initally, I had bad site reaction - burning like a wasp sting for about half an hour, but this past. I did have one chest pain episode, but none since. Otherwise, no side effects - though I do have a bleeding &quot;rogue blood vessel&quot; coming through scar tissue in one eye (retina). This is from a blow 10 years ago, but I wonder if Copaxone may have exacerbated this. I have been on 20mg, only this week going onto 40mg."
"Seriously, how can this stuff be on the market with all these complaints? Terrible, horrible itching, burning and pain. No sleep here."
"Began Nexterone (amiodarone) IV in the hospital.   I was taken off of it, but went into afib again, so they reinstated it.  Then they started me on it orally, again went into afib so they put me back on the IV.   Was discharged (after 4 weeks in the hospital intensive care ward for tachycardia/afib; sepsis; pneumonia; pancreatitis, MRSA, and then renal failure most likely as a result of all the antibiotics/meds for every thing else).  Taking 200 mgs per day and heart rate has been stable for the three weeks I&#039;ve been out of the hospital (and on dialysis 3 days per week).   The potential side effects (lung scarring, liver and thyroid issues, and eyesight issues-which I think I am already developing) are extremely scary.  Would like to DC ."
"I think I waited to long to start taking this medication. I too along with many others was against &quot;happy pills&quot; as I used to call them, I started having anxiety attacks at work and my emotions were starting to bleed into every aspect of my life, I had to do something. Depression is sneaky... you don&#039;t realize what its doing to you until you  can step out of it and take a breath a real clear minded breath. That what Celexa has been for me. It made me soo tired at the beginning and I didn&#039;t eat much, but after about a week I noticed I was not crying all day like before. I cant say I feel super happy all the time but I notice that I am not as sad  and I have energy to do more than lay on the couch on the weekends!"
"I was given Gabapentin to try for hot flashes. It works at night more than I ever hoped for. Day time it helps quite a bit. Along with the hot flashes it stopped my anxiety and panic attacks. I can now sleep."
"My dr wanted to give me Cipro or Bactrim but since I have a pill complex, I asked for something smaller. He prescribed Macrobid and I came to this site to apparently scare myself before taking it. Well I&#039;m here to tell you that this antibiotic was GREAT! As someone who has colitis and constant headaches, both triggered by virtually anything, neither were affected by this drug. I experienced zero side effects. I took 100mg twice a day for 5 days. I would take 1 capsule right after breakfast and 1 capsule right after dinner so it was always accompanying a meal. 5 days later, urine culture came back negative. This worked great for me! I didn&#039;t start feeling pain relief til day 4 though. Hang in there and take with meals."
"I had been taking oral contraceptive for about 6 years and using proactive; my acne was under control. About 1 year ago, I stopped taking the pill and my skin went absolutely crazy! I had horrible acne.. It was awful. I spent so much $ on OTC creams and washes with no improvement. Finally, I went to the dermatologist and she prescribed a 60 day oral antibiotic, adapelene 2% gel applied once daily, and cleanse with only cetephil. I used this combo as directed for about 2 months with a small amount of improvement. This is the routine that ended up giving me the best skin I&#039;ve ever had: no antibiotic, adapelene 2x per day, cetephil make-up remover cloths, cetephil cleanser, benzoyl peroxide as spot treatment. Life is good!"
"I&#039;ve had migraines (about 4-6 times a month) since early puberty, and after a few hospital visits my mother finally took me to a specialist and got a sumatriptan prescription. It has greatly improved my quality of life. It kicks in after about 40 minutes for me (longer than advertised, but I&#039;m on a small dosage due to my small frame). It does leave me feeling heavy and numb, and it has made me nauseated on occasion. It&#039;s uncomfortable, but much better than a migraine."
"The Skyla IUD was the first form of birth control I&#039;ve used. I typically cramp very bad on my period, but after getting Skyla especially after the insertion with the help of ibuprofen I did not cramp at all. Pain during the insertion was pretty intense but it did not last long at all. I would highly recommend the Skyla IUD!"
"This is absolutely amazing, After about 1 3/4 years of sweating I finally had enough when I would sweat through hoodies with huge stains. Non of my friends would say anything about it but my mom (who also has it) finally called my pediatrician and got a prescription. I put it on the first night and it burned alot, but it&#039;s nothing unbearable. The next day sweat free. Some days I would forget to put it on at night and go through the day with little to no sweat at all. Not even sweating through my clothes. I still put it on every night just to be safe but it really works!
I would recommend getting this product. Some people say it doesn&#039;t protect against smell but it does for me. The only problems is a little itching during the day and a rash."
"I tried Viagra last night for the first time and was surprised by how effectively it worked. I am 59 and achieved the strongest erection I have had in years. Now I am experiencing the headache and eyestrain described, but having sex like a teenager was worth it."
"It is the only drug that works for me.  I am allergic to many antibiotics but have had no problem with this one."
"I bled from my rectum after using this medicine. I had stomach cramps as well. I recommend that you never use this medicine unless you want to be in severe pain."
"PTSD has been horrific.  I starting this new treatment has without question saved my life all medication needs  a little bit of will to get better so I started yoga classes and read a lot of self help books and with the medication as a crutch I&#039;m getting the help I need."
"Was on 150mg for three weeks then went up to 300mg for a week.  Had to stop taking it.  Had a weird experience where I was standing beside a running shower; just standing there in a daze.  Not for like 10 seconds, but standing there, standing there...   That was the last time I took them, now on Lexapro."
"WOW! started taking it four years ago and it helped me within a week.  Recently, I just had a tough time and upped my dosage from 20 to 30mg.   Within one week I started to feel better.  My side effects are always based on a nauseous feeling that goes away roughly a week or so after ( DRINKING MILK WITH THE PILL SEEMS TO KNOCK THE SIDE EFFECTS OUT!)

each day you will begin to feel better!"
"I would recommend this to everyone,
My experience on the shot has been great. This is about my 9th month now and I never had to deal with any crazy side effects like weight gain, acne, etc. 
However, In the first 3 months I did have mood swings but they were never worse than any normal mood swings (for example period mood swings.) and I never got my period, bleeding, or any sporting till 6 months after I started the shot! And even then.. My period was very light and quick. Be sure to drink a lot of milk or eat dairy to replace the calcium that gets stripped from your body by taking the shot. If you don&#039;t replace your calcium, your bones can become weak or you can experience more side effects. Just take care of yourself :)"
"Using Campral for 3 days now, unbelieveable! I have been drinking for 22 years nearly every day, I am astounded that Campral is not advertised in the same way as Champix for smoking. A very happy, but cautious customer. If you cant stop drinking, try it."
"My migraines are primarily abdominal, but I get daily &#039;tension&quot; type headaches as well.   But my nausea &quot;attacks&quot; are totally debilitating and the headaches get more so every day.  I took Topamax starting at 25 mgs then increased. I noticed it really helping my symptoms, way less nausea, headaches stopped and I could sleep well.   Unfortunately, I am one of the people who react with a rare side effect of an acute onset closed angle glaucoma attack and my vision got very blurry and got so bad I could not see anything but blobs if it was more that 12 inches from my face. If you get blurred vision go to the ER and show them the letter from the Topamax website, because ER had never heard of that reaction.  I gave it a 5 because it worked until then."
"For years I have been struggling with constant Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder with periods of deep depression. I finally stopped trying to &quot;put up with it&quot; and blaming myself, and went on Cipralex. I started at 5mg and I am at 20 now. The first few days, I had a weird mixture of dry mouth and hypersalivation, felt fuzzy, lethargic, and SO hungry for salty/greasy food.  The unpleasant effects have subsided although I do sometimes feel extra sleepy still. My Generalized Anxiety Disorder has been reduced drastically, I no longer ruminate and obsess to the point of feeling paralyzed, when worries come up I can let them go with greater ease and do what I need to do. HOWEVER my OCD (skin picking) has not improved at all, which is strange!"
"Doseage: 5mg, 6 times a day

PRO: That&#039;s a lot of valium.  It helps some (6 of 10) with anxiety and cuts back my &quot;plugged into an electric socket feeling.  Helps get to sleep. It is a great muscle relaxer and helps a great deal with my muscle spasms.  Don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it.

CON:  Makes me sleepy.  I have to be careful to take the drug on schedule.  Otherwise I can wind up with too much in my system at once.  Dangerous when driving.  You cannot drink alcohol with diazepam.  You don&#039;t just get sleepy; You pass out without warning.  I mean pass out. Maybe OK at home in bed.  Really bad any where else."
"Been on Suboxone for almost 3 and 1/2 years after an 80  day oxycodone habit or anything else. Been on it for too long and am at 4mg&#039;s a day. Been clean for all 3 1/2 years."
"I have severe nasal congestion my entire life. Have tried every nasal spray pill or drop on the market. This works better than any of them."
"For the first 3 months everything was dandy until I found out that in those 3 months I got pregnant I got this to prevent anything like that happen, however my nurse didn&#039;t inform me that certain pills can reduce its efficiency, I ended up having a miscarriage. 
So I put that failure down to lack of knowledge, as time went on I had 2 months of no period then an entire month of bleeding. I&#039;ve been getting spots and hot flushes caused by this, not to mention I&#039;ve suffered from severe depression and anxiety caused by the implanon which caused me to stop eating because I had constant knots in my stomach and despite this no eating I&#039;ve went up 3 dress sizes! 
I suggest getting the 3 month jab and seeing your reaction it may not be horrible for everyone."
"I have suffered with severe headache and migraine since being a child. About 6 years ago I was put on propranolol a low dose which didn&#039;t help, it was then increased and still I noticed no change. Over the years I have tried all sorts of medication but non that seem to keep the headaches at bay permanently. I was back at the Dr a month ago and was put back on propranolol 40mg 3x daily. Since taking it this time my headaches have been worse, I am now about 16 days in to a permanent headache, sometimes its just a 1 on the pain scale and sometimes a 10 but its always there. Does anyone know of any others I can ask to try, propranolol seems to be the thing they relying on but as it may work for other people it isn&#039;t for me :("
"Having pain in your bladder ,a lil bit of blood in the urine.  Amoxicillin work&#039;s really good on it.  This is the only med that I trust when it comes to U.T.I ;)"
"I never had cysts, just mild breakouts and comedonal acne on my forehead and BARELY on my cheeks or on my chin. I can&#039;t believe how much I took my skin for granted. I asked my pediatrician for a medication to help my skin before freshman year. Wow. My doctor gave me epiduo and by 8 weeks I knew epiduo wasn&#039;t working for me. I had cystic acne on my cheeks, which I&#039;ve literally never had before in my life. it wasn&#039;t something I&#039;ve ever been used to. My right cheek, which used to be the worst, it literally completely cleared after this 12 weeks, BUT I paid the price. my purge period was 5 times worse than everyone else&#039;s, and much longer. I had about 7-9 cysts on my freaking cheek at a time. Try it out. I have much clearer skin but I paid for it"
"Celexa has changed my life in 5 days!  Thanks to a doctor who finally understood what was wrong with me after suffering excruciating physical pain for at least 10 or more years.  I feel lIke a new person.  Have had more energy in the last 5 days than I have for 5 years!  Suffering from some insomnia but I am sure that will go away.  - 51 year old female"
