what is a typical food or dish in Saudia Arabia?
anyone know of any good online tennis bookstores?
air guns for sale in uk?
Please can some one help me find a song?
How prevalent is memory complaints in general population?
Another incest question?
Lady's you know better than i do, help me?
what is average salary for c# developer in USA?
whats your favorite pc software?
help me to understand circles?
Does anyone know a good site for cool snowboarding pics?
Which saw is the best?
Why do people think God' s name is Jehovah?
dads spanking belt?
What is your experience with Utilizing Research Information?
which is the best programming language?
will beyonce marry jayz?
Does anyone know Rahul Gandhi's email address?
The Liberals are calling for yet another Book-Burning?
how can i write a yearly accomplishment training report?
please help with this intergal?
Are the Red Wings going to choke again this year?
where can i find a poster of common?
Christmas Tree.  How is yours decorated?
Do you like it when someone calls you baby?
Do single guys like married women?
Who put words into Mortimer Snerd's mouth?
Rocky or Mahummed Ali?
How 2 modify .exe or .dll files?
Do you think Da Vinci's code is true?
Big Boobs?
Use of cheque?
citizenship in america?
How do you feel now that ssirren is gone?
how do you Warn someone on AIM Triton?
Do you like Taylor Rain?
What space object is named for the astronomer Edmond Halley?
looking for smallest linux distribution?
what is a good daily exersize routin ?
Who are the greatest bass players of all time?
If I died for you, how would you feel?
Ashes Urn Origin?
why do we get goosebumps?
Giants fans what do you think of our draft so far?
Will people hate me if I break your heart?
unfabulous?
Which K should I play in Week 12?
Something is going to happen.?
Doctor was shocked at what he found?
Christmas Songs Lyrics?
A question about conventions in subtitiling. . .?
pleas help me!?
Im confused, where have all my clothes gotten to?
what is the nature of oral communication?
Think Im IN lOve?
who will reach fifa world cup 2006?
what is the meaning of satisfied?
What happen o keke Wyatt?
what are the qualities needed to succeed in a retail business?
has any body heard of miniclip.com?
what is job corps?
life and work of subhash chandra bose?
If you won the lottery what would you do with the money?
What's the best way to get hits on my website?
why must we take spanish in order to graduate in Texas?
do you have an alcohol aversion?
Do you know what this Bob Marley song is called?
What is the best way to lose weight AND gain speed.?
how many albums did elvis sell?
How many people have you slept with?
How is a mole made on any part of the human body?
Who is Johnny Alexander?
HELP please??!!?
Do you people have jobs?
who sings that theme song on raw???
What would you choose?
why are so many people so angry?
does a middle class wife thinks of oral sex?
Trying to make me jealous?
what is cyrophysics?
Who is your favorite NASCAR driver?
How do I ask a girl out?
How do you draw a molecule?
Computer Start-up?
wath is the name of the world best player?
what is the answer to the question below?
why do our bodies need sleep?
How to text message somebody in Mexico?
Does anyone think Valentine's Day totally sucks?
Does hair grow back in the radiation field after therapy is over?
is this like an online reference section for a library?
What helps sunburn hurt less??? OW!?
Is LaSalle bank merging or getting bought?
Where is Copenhagen's exact position on the earth?
What class of chemical compounds do plants produce during photosynthesis?
Which Horse can see equally in all directions?
The Impact of Outsourcing on the US job market?
Are you a teaser?
the natural vibration of particle; it drives diffusion?
Stay up or go back to bed?
How can I find the website of Nigeran Meteorological Agency?
When you turn on your TV...?
In what year did DVD's first appear?
what does spieth mean?
what is a congruent circle?
who is the youngest female microsoft certified?
Do you need a spanking?
Working a Dunkin' Donuts?
What is the life expectancy of patient with copd?
sending something because of a death, can anyone help me please?
Ozzy Osbourne and The Alamo?
in which city is the Eiffel Tower located?
favorite sport team?
The perfect kiss!?
What is your favorite mythological creature? Why?
Michigan or Ohio State?
what is the major cities of egypt?
Do guys think they are cool when they act perverted?
what is voting ink made of?
Can Sundown Vitamins be purchase on line?
why are spiders so got damn gross?
What is the minimum age to own securities as an individual?
where can i get free stuff?
where I can learn mobile repearing in Delhi?
What does a mutual fund accountant do?
Someone please explain metaphysics to me?
Cash Register?
Is there a logic explanation for a cold GF?
What is the essence of winning or losing?
If you fell in love with a girl?
You can gain some points answer this question?
Do puertorican men make good husbands??
how  many state are north of the equatort?
In what movies did Nicolas Cage played?
how do you get rid of a cold sore?
Ladies: What attributes do you like about men?
Whats the differance between human and veterinary medication?
why do people say chris brown is acting like usher?
When is spring starting this year, 2006?
A girl told me...?
Why Can't couples shop together ?
What is the best technique to have an OBE?
How can I find information about computer technology?
what can a woman take to lower her testosterone levels?
Does anyone have any suggestions for people-oriented careers?
How do you doublespace a document?
Is Whey the best (legal) protein out there?
how do i stop my hiccups?
Has anyone lost weight from playing DDR?
What is lthe meaning of human life?
is human life is incomplete with out a marriage ?
Who discover the alpha decay?
what are otters?
What is the most useful hobby?
does paris hilton have a boyfriend?
how can i enlarge my penis fast?
I'll ask once more?
Is the Bible important for you?
why is my left testicle lower than my right?
download music?
How's the weather now and have a drink!?
What exactly is a desk in a lobby called?
Is it true that honey...?
Where can I find Raven Symone?
how do i play ps2 games on pc?
about sales?
what is the emailid of the V.P.Singh?
if im 5ft  2in. how much should i way?
Question about Myspace?
HELP SICKNESs?
what is core?
Allowance method and accounting principles?
What should the average office temperature?
What is RMS?
Which is worse?
More expensive or the U.S. dollar worth less?
name the movie.?
are district judges state judges?
What will happen to our world if there were no more butterflies?
how long does Priority mail take to arrive in Iraq?
What is the Italian word for beach?
Is Muslim a name of a country?
Have you ever got a bone fracture?
Anyone know of a good online interest survey site?
Does anybody like the Packers, if not why??
I need help With Smoking Please?
what is the answer to this eauation?
Why women are not faithful?
How do you soothe eyes after a long cry?
what is a proximal stimulus?
What is a directional relay in protection systems?
where is the Check disk utility at on your computer?
how do i get my songs on radio?
Who is the fastest white guy in the NFL?
Which sounds better?
I have a bad sense of direction when driving.?
conic sections project?
Why do people who are anemic crave ice?
is anyone making money by taking surveys online?
Why does Homeland Security Act provide companies protection from litigation responsibility?
whats been your scariest momment in life?
Is there a snake recovery service in NYC?
What is the lithosphere and asthenosphere?
can i get some details about DAVINCI CODE?
Is stainless steel a mixture or a compound?
Do you believe in sex at first sight ???
temperature is a measure for what?
Did anybody watch "Big Love" on HBO?
What is Alabama college Basketball team ranked?
How do you become an actress on Disney Channel?
what does foreshadow mean?
Help me, I am so lost and alone?
where  were  the  first  whale  sharks found  and  what  year?
Shakrias Hips Don't Lie?
Don't you think this is kind of stupid?
How do evolution and finches relate?
how do u make a passcode for when u start ?
Why are white guys so obsessed with black women?
I need help with math?
correct me if i am wrong?
who have been significant role model for you?
Video editing computer?
how should i find a true girlfriend for lifetime?
Configuring Imac internet?
Manny or bIG PAPI?
did christopher columbus really discover america?
What song makes you want to burst out singing?
do you think ronaldo is steel a great soccer player?
Where can I find information about the Rosewood Massacre of 1923?
How do I advertise my website at low cost?
Why do people stereotype and label?
what is your idea about israeli newest crime ?
Why does our society allow for prejudice people?
Should I get a student loan or join the Army?
Is this a nice ring?
What are the effects and causes of global warming?
What is the function of pollen?
Is there ever a bad question?
Who (what occupations) would need to study Petrology?
Does the government have the responsibility to?
How can I become stronger and more fit without lifting weights?
Preciousmoments.com Coupon/Discount code?
Job References: The Bad Rap?
Whats that song?
where could i have left my spectacles?
MEN AND BEHAVIOR and then some?
Red Bumps On Back?
Should we not measure objective morality by the morality displayed in nature?
I need a sideline, any suggestions?
I can't open attachments in my e-mail?
Where can i download free books?
What brought you to christ?
what does the bible say about gays?
why is yahoo music ripping me off?
how cost effective is mass media?
Why is one United Global world government a Bad thing?
A riddle for you =)?
what do guys look for in girl and the way they look?
ok one last question?
funny or not?
what is the color of poop?
what's the best way to fight baldness?
what are the seven major muscle gruops?
Why do we have to go through 12 yrs of school?
list of forclosure homes orlando florida?
electric hammer?
Europeon Football League player salaries?
Who of you ...?
Is physical contact more important in a relationship than non physical contact?
What do these lyrics mean?
www.download4pc.com?
Civil Service exam?
What should you do if you like someone of a different religion?
what are at least 5 laws of China?
any ideas??
what causes klebsiella pneumoniae?
what plants are originated in Alaska?
how do u know if he loves u or not ?
She's torn between 2 things?
Who saw this?
what's the eraser software for hard drive?
how do you vote for answers?
What would you do if your son flunked a grade?
What you gonna do?
whats alan shearers favourite food?
What do you think of this?
Which country first signed the UNCRC?
my boyfriend`s cheating on me, what should ido?
Dharma   ....  question or answer?
Was it a sin for John Wayne to collect dolls?
how can ants contaminate food and spread a disease?
What is the best way to understand a girl's mind?
I need a cute autumn/November Quote?
can i block porn from my pc?
Real World, Road Rules....?
what celebrity or famous person do you most resemble?
GHOOST, belive or not?
How do I get a free credit report?
im so bored?
is George W Bush  carzy?
Laptop help?
how can i get australia ammigration?
What caused the Big Bang?
ru deaf or hard of hearing?
what are the differences between chemical and mechanical digestion?
Is trading comodities a good idea?
Does chicken Came First or Egg Came first?
Find a sentence with the word "antecedent"?
signs that my girlfriend is going back to her ex boyfriend?
What is Taíno or Taína?
What makes muhammed a prophet?
is there a cure for Menieres Disease?
history behind naming apple computers?
Fianceé lost the lust for me...?
What exercises strengthen the sternocostalis muscle?
Who pays for incidental wedding items?
Can gay people in south africa marry now?
how will u know if some body truely love and care?
who is a sandwitch engineer??
Who's More Important: Writer or Director?
how do we grow?
how many times do you cut your toenails a month?
Will Wayne Rooney recover in time for the World Cup?
How far can you walk into the woods?
can anyone tell me ?
What motivates you to improve your well being.?
How good will the Buffalo Bills be in 2006?
whats your favourite colur?
What are the best Walt Disney World resorts for golfers?
Where do you see Gerald Green in the future? allstar?
What is going on at Clyde?
What are the top 20 major pharmaceutical companies (worldwide)?
who won the battle of vicksburg?
about having sex durind her period..?
graphics card for desperate housewives game?
law colleges?
who was the "Wizard of Menlo Park?"?
what is this trick?
What have you asked Father Christmas to bring you?
Any opinions on Fort Sam Houston, TX?
when will planet x return>?
Who else thinks it's eerie?
who was cassiopeia?
Why can't the Middle East stop squabbling?
Would you sign a petition to secure US borders from illegal aliens?
will she ever change back?
who are jc pennys target market?
what is a saclike structure of animals?
Are these the rules of republican logic?
Pass on a message please? Run away sister?
billabong stickers?
Do you consider that Alex Rodriguez NY Yankees is overpay?
what is love?
can anyone tell me how to start up homeschool?
Whre does the term meter come from?
What are crystallised bills?
What the hell is wrong with me????
Africa and Christianity?
giant particle accelerator?
red marks on lower legs?
heathcare new york state cheepest?
do u beleive in ghosts?
what role communication can play in a country development?
June 8, 1974 tornado outbreak in Tulsa - were you there?
who has the most pure wrestling skill ever?
what is life and meaning of it ?
do u like hilary duff?
is George Bush gay?
Is there any cure for brain cancer?
anybody know why i cant hear any sound on myspace?
behtarin anthfilter chie?
Soil erosin in Nepal.?
Can I BE just going Crazy???
Should I be mad at what my boyfriends dad said?
Fine, who loves all of the guys in My Chemical Romance?
what are the basic benefits of reservations in education????
so how do you think the tigers will go this year?
What is a gerrund?
omg help pleezzz?
how can a person start online business?
what is sex?
what kind of metabolic wastes does the body produce?
what is sex?
Can you help me???
Credit Card question?
Can I receive instant salvation?
Why was his body language saying no but he kissed me?
is the moon glitters in sky?
what nationality has the largest penis's?
what ingredients are added to copper and clay to coat metal?
lateral thigh trainer?
Is it really worth it???
what is coming on chanel 13 next week?
Which denominations use The Lord's Prayer?
delete messages sent to offline contact?
why is canada not comunist????
what is a hoo doo in geology?
what is the population of inverness uk?
Screenshot?
Where can i get that one?
Can you type the best love letter? Give it a try?
What's your perfect recipe for farting?
Who Thinks Dale Jr. can pull it off?
What is the best way to burn fat?
who makes the best stones?
What do i need to do to be real estate agent?
What is volatile organic compound emission reduction credits?
Why is water so important to Colorado?
sex discrimination on basketball team?
How old is to old to have a child?
what is autumn at the park like?
what do you think of jack lambert?
will i have a love marriage?
How to teach composition in secondary stage ?
is it dangerous to be exposed to radio frequency?
Think this is a Scam?
how can i become a prep?
How does it feel?
If Jack Bauer were a flower, what flower would he be?
Is Mr T gay?
How do I re-image a Compaq laptop?
There's No Way!?
Can field mice carry diseases?
Why are we so impressed by "Bullcrap"?
Tell me something about Silvanus?
Anyone Out There That Knows The Answer To This?
To what extent is sexual abuse on the rise worldwide?
Why are people so eager for the end of the world?
how can i get my husband to last longer in bed?
Should I tell him again that I love him?
Please suggest good colleges for post gradution in fashion designing?
What makes a girl attractive, besides their looks?
What is the adress of cobb county probation office?
My life is so terrible,I need a good advice?
what is the one song that...?
why am i getting nausea after eating? especially evening meals.?
What can you turn but doesn't move?
How are you going to thank a Veteran,today?
Why aren't we invading North Korea?
I need some information about monkeys...?
what are the worlds most dangerous jobs and why?
what's the best way to increase your memory?
What Should i do after my graduation for getting good job?
How much money can a banker earn in the US?
Why doesnt church like Harry Potter?
How long have we been living in EARTH?
who has met shania twain?
What is your worst nervous habit?
Why do people think jesus was white?
Why do some people feel that Catholics are not Christian?
Why isn't there an "H" chord?
who do you think will be the 2006 FIFA World Champions?
why isnt weed legal?!?
does didier drogba married?
What is Keratin?
imlay city atv safety courses?
who has trouble with their ipod after 8 month?
Do you know what a parable is?
Should a platypus be put on the dollar bill?
where can i find a good, free guitar tab program?
got a qiestion for .YOU?
us forest coverage?
is santa clause real???
describe the chemistry behind the making of an ice cream sundae?
Black Sexy Men?
Is there another proud DOLFAN here?
which is largest ship in the world?
what are the movie theaters in Quakertown, PA?
is there a 1GB video card?
Such a great cartoon.?
Whos the cooliest? Drake or Josh?
Can I join US army in europe?
in details?
why humans dream?
Why do most living creatures look symmetrical on the outside?
whats the oppisate of up?
credible witness?
Is 'toward' the correct word in this context?
Did Jesus say "trinity"?
which is more important studies or confidence?
Which came first, the chicken?
I get constant back pain and I don't know why?
how do you change the languages the web page comes up as?
HTML web source?
What type of water does the Hoover Dam have?
how do i know he likes me?
woman- what is your favorite spot on a mans body?
Any Marines ready for a great joke?
What does the word soso men in Arabic?
Whats the meaning of life?
what is magnetosomes?
what is the best way to convert analog to digital?
Why did Royce Gracie lose to Matt Hughs?
Would drilling in Alaska significantly reduce American gas prices?
do you see a pattern?
How do I go about getting Copyright on my writing?
Can you help me fill in these blank?
How can I be less distracted while studying?
Where to buy Nike Air Zoom Apocalypse CD for football?
Where are you?
How does physics play a role in our daily life?
Killing people for oil?
Who is your fav couple/s from any anime?
in snow white how may of the seven drawfs could speak?
WHAT ARE U GOOD At?
can I get in trouble with quotations?
Will health care cost bankrupt America?
Does anyone know of a good anti-spyware program?
Where can I find the largest tree in the world?
should my corporation buy my new car?
how will u describe yourself in one word?
one more quest. about the pervert???
student visa?
What time is it where you are right now?
Bulk up or tone up?
Politically correct speaking??
Is it possible to erase specific memories, if so how?
advantages and disadvantages of buying locally versus from distant seller?
Do school have cameras?
Can we limit the questions big brother and football please?
Is April 20 Pot Day or not?
Will there be any gravitational force at the centre of the earth?
What type of foam is used in the Dell packaging?
Who are some of the most crooked referees ever in boxing?
Allocating an array in GCC...?
Who's that blonde chick on "Invasion"?
what is the story behind valentines day?
first aid intervention for lump in the head???
Are you waiting?
How much does a computer video card cost?
Suggest some music?
what gifts do guys like?
Who is the greatest NBA team of alltime!?
what is midland credit managment?
Why are the hydrogen atoms important for making ATP?
What Sport pays the highest salaries to the players?
What does jovial nature mean?
punctuate this question?
Is a stipend taxable?
Any pearl experts out there?
can reformating my computer fix my explorer.exe?
Help chosing between a summer job....?
What obligations do people owe each other?
Where are some public fishing ponds in Iredell County NC?
How long will it take to become an RN?
HTML question?
Politician vs. lobbyist? What are the differences?
can i see my horoscope?
I need some info about high school.?
What is George Allen's position on some important issues?
would germany be in the finals this year???
DataSet Filter (Multiple)?
Does northeastern or southeastern France have higher elevations?
Hey all can anyone help me out?
I need an idea for a Nice Date?
get grace out?
What is an investment security?
i need poems about britney spears?
what is the ratio of men to women in this world?
How to Cancel ebay account ?
What vitamins have the best absorption rate?
Who was the first batsman ever to wear a helmet?
Is thinking about this considered cheating?
Mystic Name?
Why did I take this job?
is sharp computer a good computer?
what products are made and grown in massachusetts?
what is a military trim?
What is patriotism?
where can a stright male find a swinging couple?
What do you guys think about COMCAST?
How does culture reflect the economic and social organization of a people?
Why do men watch the same movie over and over?
I punched her mother?
What are the different parts of a magazine?
Good Tennis College???
How do I stop REALLY bad periods?
court records on Sabrina Howe for a hearing on May 15 2006?
What do you think about allowing Flag burning?
opposition to sb770 and sb551?
Can anybody help me with this problem?
Why do people feel the need to preach?
why do the japanese find water gardens so relaxing?
Why does my bf's cousin like me?
question 4 the ladies?
Do You believe in Love at first site?
Does anyone actually know what Bush's IQ is?
How many MVP titles did Michael Jordan recieve?
how far can a baseball be thrown?
who do you thnk will win the world series???
Is it possible to dislocate your jaw by accident?
where is the biggest mall in the world?
advice for an engineering student?
any1 for a talk?
What should I do if a guy sits next to me?
The Law of Attraction?
How much education do you have?
Ocean Currents??
Should prisoners be offered college education?
Where can i find information about cuba in 1960?
How do I know if a boy likes me?
what is hubner thompson phenomenon?
Lumber puncher?
what is the basic functional unit of the kidney?
Whats everybody doing for Christmas?
do trinidadian women make good wives?
What would be ur dream date?
what did slaves eat?
What kind of goverment does Tahiti have?
hey im looking for a boyfriend online..?
Philadelphia city wage tax?
Serious Question about Sex?
what is bacterial intoxication?
Microsoft Word dictionary questions..?
What does it mean in marketing: BTL?
Is this song by Evanescence?
Why do christian women mostly have multiple sex relationships?
What is your Home Page set to?
How do I look up mortgage information in the public records office?
Newton's Prism and Spinoza's lens?
u like boys or girlz?
will aids transmitt through sex?
what are the first five positive integers?
What is the farthest distance you have ever walked for sport?
dove gestation?
Why don't Dems remember?
Why do people put magazines in their bathroom?
Is The Lion King based on a true story?
Am i dumb?
Who thinks that Ronaldinho is the best player ever?
Question for teachers.?
Who are the mining companies for nickel ?
What would a point outside the upper or lower control limits ?
iam skint,any ideas?
Can a regular rubberband close your gaps in your teeth?
What is Prayer?
Does anyone have Arthrits?
Who will be winner of the 2006 World Cup in Germany?
whwn do you know its time to end a relationship?
How can i tell if she likes me?
The house on Mango Street??
Are there any good fishing areas in or around Raleigh NC?
What is the meaning of a promise ring???
Do i stay or go after 2 years together ?
Where can I find my fav TV shows?
Steve Nash won the MVP!?
Does anybody know any foods that improve athletic performance for basketball?
what is the core of the earth?
why i can't see my printeron my network?
how many foreign players played in the premiership when it first started?
How do I keep my harry cat off my key board?
is teflon an acronym?
Nudist's...?
do u like O.C boys?
user web profile?
what to do about step kids and the mothers that follow?
any suggestion of how to help period pains?...?
I want to reinstall yahoo messenger?
Which dies first  the brain or the heart  ?
what is the difference b/w a violin and a fiddle?
Are you as successful as your parents?
why do some women prefer married men?
Explain how we believe the Antarctica Ozone hole forms?
Dreadlocks?
who invented anode?
why people like sun more than moon?
free downloads at limemaster.com?
Border Fence US-MEXICO?
How can I get my face looking not so skinny?
what is the meaning of   Eshk ?
Explain how thermoreceptors function.?
why??? why not???
What is a real fault a person can have?
how to avoid bombs on yahoo chats?
What is Kinko's closing time?
Is there a free chemical test for Brass and/or Gold?
Do you have an affinity for ambiguity?
Am I too bitchy?
10 Most Important/Influencial People In History?
My volume control disappeared from task bar (Windows 2000) help?
What is the movie Da Vinci Code all about???
How does alcohol affect your body?
What happened to jimbo72?
what dual issue is?
Is it too early to Christmas?
Virgin????????
Who is will be the rookie of the year in the NFL?
What is a good book for mental attitude in competition?
i live with my best friend...?
please answer?
how do i set up my usb settings?
Torque and circular rotation question for high school physics?
Do hindus worship buffaloes as dad?
what was the most extreme situation u've ever had?
What is the best way to lose belly fat and love handles?
what is the difference between pull and hook in cricket?
How do you burn limewire songs to a disc?
What is the"Made Whole Doctrine?
Is working in Qatar advisable for women?
how are you?
Why do we have eyebrows and eyelashes?
If you needed a stage name what would it be?
what do think about Iranians?be honest plz?
where do I find training for a Chief Investment Officer?
Can Multiple sclerosis be contagious?
Myspace question?
hi hello hey?
Have you ever seen your grandfather spring wood in his sweatpants?
When will Curious George The Movie be released on DVD?
who will win the 2006 Soccer World Cup ?
apinkteddybear??????
what is the correct way to include everyone?
how to turn guys ????
why do breasts grow?
mecca and muslims?
give me the details about crystals what is purpose about industrial use?
whats the answer plz explain?
What are the final stages of cancer?
Any suggestions for a home detox recipe?
what is grounding?
What is the best performance in an 80's film?
Are you familiar with  the term "Project Echelon"?
what do you guys think?
what's the best place to chill with ambient music?
what is the lds church?
Question about windows vista?
What should I do with my current situation?
Are blonds normally consierder "Hot " ?
please help me!?
what are nj catering regulations?
eslam_m_20106?
Describe your perfect mate?
where are places to have sex other than in houses or cars?
Is religious fundamentalism dangerous?
Bottled Water vs. Tap Water?
draft question?
where can i get free printable child custody papers?
I've lost it...?
What does one need to be a successful inventor?
How is polyactic acid produced?
Where I can learn Java free?
Teaching degree?
what girls fatasize about?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
what are the solution in poverty?
What is a good way to get rid of cramps?
what are some ways your body maintains homeostasis?
My bf and i have stopped having sex?
How many avatars look like mine?
Why do we need anti-bumping granules?
where can i find search engines that searches using OCR technology?
When did nuclear research first begin?
what is yif?
how much salt do you need for the egg flotation?
suuuuuuup!?
Have any of you girls ever actually measured a guy?
Answer from Floridians....?
is all 1800 numbers are free call?
Do you like Napoleon Dynamite?
My mom is sick and depressed. What should I do?
travellers and their kids?
Should I wait and see or Let her go?
How many litres of blood has a human?
Does weed cuase cancer?
Know something about this ???
Can you get genital warts from toilet seats?
model behavior?
Excel - Prevent users to choose the same component twice?
That 70's Show question?
How many medal did Australia win in Torino?
any importanat/interesting detail about egypt?
Big NCAA Football Game?
Government Price Flooring Article?
Who else thinks 9/11 was a gov. conspiracy?
Are you a shop-a-holic?
want to know what military is like??
who is going to come to fifi finals?
What will make the cockroaches permanently extinct???
What constituent is common to all acids?
who is the best  batsman in the world?
Do you think teenage couples can last?
should baseball players really get paid so much????
Who here plays club penguin?
Fantasy football question?
What are your thoughts on deism?
what is truevector service?
my iq is 152. am i a genius?
Can Military Personnel use Phentermine?
My girlfriend does not like to make future plans.?
Who will be the Democratic Nominee for President in 2008?
what is another name for a phone booth?
Any Pentecostals here ?
How consistent is your daily routine?
what is a "analog only" monitor?
advantiges and disadvantages of a satelite?
what should i do?
what is the meaning of faiqa?
mondial foot 2006?
who hold the record for Most catches for India?
Wahat is Eminem's address?
Should I tell her?
what company's logo is a yellow shoe with a wing?
How to find stock information of a private company?
Masturbation :?
how can I send a comment to Bill Cosby?
Email message sitting in my outbox in Outlook?
Relationship Question!!?
ladies only please, what kind of guy would you prefer?
How do you figure what to charge for handling charges?
is paula abdul biracial??
harness race tracks in florida?
Who can I contact about someone using my social security number?
my track instructor makes us wear...?
how do i......?
World Cup live?
How can I make my computer quieter?
Tort OR reulatory law?
how to forget my girlfriend forever????
how can I crack a Tomtom GO map?
who invented ice hockey?
Will be Brasil the soccer world champion other time?
why did president William Clinton get impeached?
Organization and my husband?
Bobby Lashley on ECW!?
Why water is wet and mercury is not ?
Should have Nick and Jessica Simpson stayed together?
my husbands mad at me because he is stressed about something?
Why is I'm always bored?
Where can I find a job working with harness horses?
What is the Gestapo?
Six pointed star from a circle?
What is much better Photoshop or CorelDraw?
Can a person who is not Jewish obtain Israeli citizenship?
are you gay?
Help me figure this out?
how do i find the total area of a prism?
wot is 'emo' musik?
who can help me out?
do any of you ski at blue mt. PA??
how does a colonic feel?
Where is Billy Idol, Duran Duran and Toto?
How do I become a better badminton player?
why do people hate on u so much?
Why couldn't the pope retire?
How do I obtain a fedral firearms license?
i want to know about bangalore medical colleges?
Who here belongs to neopets?
How do you make hearts made of characters?
how can I renew my verizon DSL?
hard time breathing?
Is there anyone who cannot read or write cursive?
Will good ALWAYS win over evil.?
Married women, please give my advise.?
Who was disappointed with some of the NBA draft picks?
What is toner and what does it do?
what is the name given to canada's elected legislature?
i wont to post a ad for help?
How can I love math?
what are the names of the large work Horses?
where is the city of jabali?
I think i got stung by a bee in the night?
when did the general motors company begin trading stock publicly?
who is the cutest cricket player in the world?
How safe is it to put money into a money market account?
who's hotter usher or bow wow?
dating sombody that has kids.?
one more joke: How will you make a milk shake?
Do you know any phrases that directors use?
How to climb Mt. Rainier for cheap?
How can a stud lesbian be bi? How does that work?
What are some good inventions that would benefit consumers?
What is the Shang Dynasty?
Should politicians be subjected to regular dope and alcohol testing?
what is Zenworks?????
define semi-confluent?
Which is the best RSS reader?
Are people losing interest in Santa?
I have a Macintosh problem running OS Classic Environment...?
who is a porn star?
Why don't people celebrate President Johnson as well as Martin ?
whats this song?
Wang Size - Men?
Where are Yamaha c40 guitars built?
Could I get into Cornell?
What is the positive side of depression?
easy way to copyright a business name?
what are the 12 parts of a caterpillar?
who wrote paint it black?
what do u think bout the performance of the teams?
will it effect my fiancee visa paperwork?
What does the name Zamien  means?
how to find system speed?
Why always misunderstanding arised between me and my girl friend?
Views on Irag war and Iran?
What is munchausen biproxy?
What do dreams about pregnancy mean?
Where would be the place of heaven among those planets?
where is johnny depp buying a house now?
whats a good Heart rate lab(activity)?
what are your views about President Bush's visit to India?
can anyone please tell me ?
Need answers about Lung Cancer?
Americas most influential person the great Abraham Lincoln..?
what are some of the best online shopping sites???
Help! Something is wrong with my eye!?
Are there any good psychology courses that I could study from home?
Do Microwave Ovens Heat from the Inside Out?
how do you get rid of love handles.?
where did netball originate?
Are Pemonition and Precognition the same thing?
Why do people say?
What does Democrat, Repulican mean?
What are the consequences to being lonely?
how come hot water freezes faster then cold water?
Are women really smater then men??
What was the conflict about Northern Ireland?
whats the fatest way to loose weight?
Have you ever been jealous?
my immune system is very low what will happen after tests?
Who was the best soccer player in El Salvador?
What happened when the Jews brought Gentiles the gospel?
Question for Mormons?
-2*(19*15)*1?
Steroid Side Effect Length?
Can protists parasitize plants?
Girls: Have you ever done this?
DID ANYONE see a Pianist ?
What song is played under the NBA playoff promos on TNT?
is there an insect called sea cockroach?
what is myoma and its treatment?
How do you feel about Britney Spears' divorce?
IS the freezing of water exothermic?
hw help please?
Whats the website to look for like a business in Australia?
What is your hobby?
Have you ever played the game Diner Dash?
Are wars of aggression the American way?
Is this correct to some people?
women:how long can you lift a average guy for?
You want anything else with that?
Does  anyone know  what Hurlers Syndrome is?
What kind of material was catwomans costume made of?
Where can I learn more information about vampires?
how did early ancestors satisfy their nutritional need for sweets?
I have a friend who......?
i want more information on quantum energy inc. stocks?
ladies and guys, can you help??
I need research about hamsters and music?
Do actors and actresses deserve privacy?
how to find out if i have court today?
where does the name galarza originate from?
does anyone know some good rap songs or r&b songs?
Do all people's periods hurt?
What can the element "Xenon" react with?
Which job should I take?
How old is too old to pursue a career in technical theater?
How far will go Iran national team in world cup 2006.?
teaching problems?
What happened to the Jamaican team?
we bought a new home the mortgage to high?
Similarities between these 3 TV shows...?
Is there a 13th planet discovered in the solar system?
What is the difference between Marketing and Sales?
What will gas prices look like in the year 2050?
How do you synthesize a polymer?
Anyone no how to put in nose studs?
who can i contact to get 1 million dollars free?
what is uncle sam's cabin?
Do chicks dig a guy in uniform?
What is your favorite type/brand of condom? And why?
Should i trust NDTV shopping????
How are tides formed?
what is the berlin airlift?
when did Ranaldihno start playing soccer?
successfully presiden US???
How does snow fall?
What are good qualities about Pisces?
How can I get a grant to start a business in Michigan?
how can i stop unwanted Yank email from coming?
Who traditionally leads us into temptation?
is there any absolute goodness and badness?
how much of earth water is found in rivers and lakes ?
what is quiz programmes?
What is your best put-down line?
Where can I get Limewire online for free?
What is wrong with doll on island of misfit toys?
what is the difference between bluetooth and wifi?
chemistry question?
Why are religious people the only ones accused of pushing beliefs?
how do I find an old high school classmate?
has Montana signed onto the new 21st Century Banking Laws?
sunburn!!!!!?
What is the mating season for deer?
i was mutated?
has anyone ever put nude pics of themselves on the internet?
Cheese Head or Head Cheese?
What I have to do for join in NASA student group?
Computer locks up...?
colonscopy?
Does anyone know how to put a lien on property.?
What's the best membership or subscription website builder ?
Physics Help, Please?
does nebody feel this way?
Where we can download hindi english video songs?
(log3)25/(log3)5?
Do you like George Bush?
can u write my essay?
Are Christmas symbols under more attack this year?
What's the name of this horror movie?
How a laser can destroy a rocket?
how many milliliters are in 140 liters?
what does means paraproteinemia?
how to get rid of a infected taste bud?
Isn't Angela Lansbury sexier than Julie Chen?
I Need To Find This...?
Why did Yahoo change it Homepage back to the previous one?
Why should I move to Thunderbird?
-[-5+(-5) equels?
how can I install mirrored drives on my PC is that expensive?
What is the best software for learning german I can download?
names of Indiana pacers team members?
where is Cape of Good Hope located?
What is the thinnest book in the world?
How much money does it take for you to be considered rich?
What are some very high fiber foods?
Why do stupid religious people have to mess with laws?
Does Anyone know the website about  real estate training?
What is the difference between Static and Dynamic storage management?
if you didnt milk a cow -would it explode?
what is fluid behind the uterus?
how does drafting enhance the first car in a pack?
kc chiefs tickets?
Is this story is true?
will someone return the favor?
I am getting cold feet, can someone tell me why?
Will i become Rich Soon?
What's your favorite quote from Shaun of The Dead?
"Give it to ya"?
where can i see more pictures with sean paul?
what shall i get my boyfriend for christmas?
de ce lumea e proasta?
is there books on ala non?
What is the dignity of women in our society?
does the upper west side need anything changed?
Does anyone watch Jimmy Kimmel Live?
how many woman dont cheat ?
I was hurt on the job...?
Wheres the best place 2 have sex?
For those who doubt the Quran, Can you explain this?
when were established the ping pong?
are my toes freakishly long?
Why are the noble gases stable except for helium? explain?
which leader..?
UK Grad school?
Geographical features of The Netherlands???
non-conductive water, what is?
are there still any good blkmen in this world?
On a scale of 1-10, how honest are you?
what's everyone doing on the 4th?
Would you consider this man physically fit?
how does tempurature affect yeast?
try and answer thisr riddle...?
can we achieve light speed?
windows server 2003?
is the proof of shared  consciousness to be found in retail?
How much saliva is produced by the human mouth each day?
What players in the NBA attended Oak Hill Academy?
what is the meaning of "sinic"?
can i get pregnant if i am bulimic?
Where to get photo on protect our environment ???
what does cest moi mean?
how to take horoscopes off of your phone?
What is the name of the song with Janet & Khia?
fios mail server names?
what happens when you consolidate student loans?
is my computer worth repairing?
Questions about Dell?
What is the most profitable occupation/profession in the United States?
How do I delete HTTP internet searches?
Will the METS win it all?
What American accent do you think most resembles British?
what is java?
when is westworld on tv?
who knows the sport Taekwondo?
is sex actually bad?
What is the Theory of Relativity?
my computer?
how to make money using my HTML knowledge???
wot should i do...?
Only people with teen \npeople magizine!?
Relocating without a job?
have a crush??
What is the new website for real estate estimates?
does vannesa hudgens have a boyfriend?
anyone hate kobe??
Why Israel having the right to deal with nuclear weapons ?
Black holes?
how can i be an excelent med student?
Best way to converting old video cassettes to DVDs?
What months is high school field hockey played in?
Which is more dependable in decision making instinct or logic?
Where can I report tricksters like moviepass.tv?
website for somerton spartans in somerton pa?
What does "POTUS" mean?
sree asan k n?
Brownish Blood?
Dancing Lessons?
free history check on ohio criminals. Is that availible?
Are you for or against stem cell research and why?
Is all persons infected with HIV that result in AIDS?
what are sex tonics?
Anyone like to learn tennis or play tennis?
Why is it everyone thinks he is a cheater???
Why do we celebrate hanukkah?
did common album "BE" go platium?
Why do different things look beautiful to different people?
What was the latest goal in a world cup? who score?
what is the best exercise to strengthen your lower back?
Who is insenitive Jerk.?
Why does my daughter still pee her pants at school?
sex appeal consciousness in female adolescents?
Who's the hottest actress ever?
are there still native americans here today?
Can I detect someone already hook up in my connection? how?
October 300 millionth American?
What would you like GUYS?
What if God smoked cannibus?
Do you beleive in the Devil?
Who did the sheriff from Andy Griffith marry?
Football...teams?
hi there  I don't now how promote my web site?
Spoon legs?
Do you sometimes...?
Are Buddhist monks allowed to drink beer and have sex with women?
IS it bad to shave your butt hairs?
How can I open LCD file?
how do one can influence a girl?
what is the relation between unix and windows?
what is micro economic?
anxiety heart hospital patient?
What is the best cure for cold / fever?
Download will start in 5 seconds; any script?
what is chrysoleth?
Which Processor Is Better?
In Kashmir India is violating humans right.What you say ?
Is infidelity justifyable???
From where does the next thought arise? Who manufactures it?
What is the average penis length necessary to be a president?
Why can't we deport all illegal Mexicans?
any one from BP?
what to do for high blood glucose level to low down?
Will you kiss god's buttocks?
find the collaborator?
Should america move towards a true capitalist economy ?
What makes you laugh out loud?
How can I learn how to write issue?
what time do you wake up in the morning?
Where do we start?
what is the meaning of 4.5!?
Is there a foolproof formula for successful business presentations?
Looking for a certain joke please...?
what are the most common similarity between Toronto and Vancouver?
How can anyone think the Juan Pierre signing is a good move?
Is the GRE as scary as it looks???
What do boys like when your kissing?
how change tree in man's practice? advantage and disadvantage?
Have you ever seen the movie Making The Grade?
Boy trouble?
what does the term "I Second" mean?
credit rating?
what are some good ways to make your computer go faster?
serotonin pathway?
run own business in computer?
after 10 years what do u think u wanna be?
i have sleeping problems?
Do you think illegal immigration is all bad?
How do you know when your significant other is cheating on you?
Can we actually realize time travelling?
How do you ride a skim board?
what is Blogging?
What is the Japanese term for head or head strike?
Argggggg!!?
Did I pay too much for my shoes?
what is the best way to increase your energy levels?
whats going on..?
what is the best way to stuff your bra?
List of German Colonies in 20th Century?
what the effects of birth control on fetus development?
jobs in UN??
Why cant i get staff to stay?
Who to start on defense this week?
What is the relationship between pressure and pump speed?
9/11 Why?????
Why is the popular vote considered morally superior?
Is democracy the final political model we should use?
what was the happiest moment of ur life?
What does "lo kome Ti amo" mean?
Do you feel discriminated being Latino in USA?
How many insurance companies are there in India and what are they?
Best MP3 player??
femme nue en action?
who is the best bowler in the history of cricket?
Why do you get ulcers in your mouth?
Please Help?
which comes first yhe hen or the egg?
How many Islamic Countries in the World?
What are some good Medieval City Names?
Floyd Mayweather vs Oscar Del a hoya?
what are the christian etiquettes in worship?
should i tell her off?
Do you think of yourself as positive or negative person? Why?
All Blacks best international sports team over the last 100 years?
Who thinks Denny Hamlin is the best rookie this year??
Do you have a clue?
does all types of dibietes bad for your life?
why have'nt these teams got good strikers?
Do I really need a lawyer when I go to local court?
what can i do to relieve some of my boyfriends stress?
Whats the name of this song from ATL?
does any one know?
Will the San Antonio Spurs win three in a row?
Did Alfred Butts have any siblings?
Cardio exercise?
Why does she hate me?
How do you know if Buttermilk is soured?
Can anyone explain what t-bagging is?
how do Narwhal whales catch food?
Are internet petitions valid?
whats wrong with this world?could it be religion?
what is skokie public librarys website?
i need serious help with this question?
can woman have periods at the age of 53?
Did india ever play in the world cup?
What are you taking in college?
Was recently dumped. How long to wait for next girlfriend?
Are there any jobs in USA?for graduates from India?
hey does anyone know wat this means  ^?
what to do when you got stuck with your job?
how Can get a grant to change my life?
who's your favorite singer ? why?
What's your weakness?
Do you talk on the phone while using the toilet?
digital signitures?
are stuffed jalapenos healthy?
waht ever happened to pee wee herman?
Do you know about the legislative branch?
what's it like?
how do you react if someone makes racist comment on your language?
in feet, how big was michal jordan?
Quick demographic survey.  Democrat or Republican?  How old are you?
what is intermittent heart block?
How do you keep your suit from wearing out so quickly?
What is your favorite feature on MySpace and why?
Whats this song called!?
I would like to know what to do with my husband?
how do they decide where the World Cups will be held ?
Why are democrats, hardheaded?
who is coming to the warped tour?
What does it mean when someone says Kiss My Pucker?
Which Branch of Millitary service is the best and why?
information about medicinal plants in india and photographs?
why situations never change when u try hard for it?
How did you quit that sucky job?
who will win soccer world cup 2006?
who is evil?
What does swf mean?
does anybody have any info on the effects of smoking?
A bit of help with my body?
what constitutes excessive force?
How to contact Madonna/management?
How do u tell which side of brain you use more.?
Why can't we live without our Best friends?
Do You Have More Than One Checking Account ?
What are interesting cultural rules and behaviors in 20th century?
does anybody else go onto my space?
what is dai katana?
has love at first sight ever happened to you?
Bio diesel Laws?
When did Lena Horne die?
Name any five binary logic gates.?
differences between girl and women love?
How do you get rid of RATS in a building?
Are there really other dimensions or universes out there?
How can I stop?!?
What are heat pumps used for?
should i become athiest?
How best to blend a new family with past difficulties?
how can I lose 2 stone in 6 weeks?
What is the lie you most regret telling?
does chewing gum after evry meal reduce plaque?
Why do people absolutely  refuse to believe in certain things?
Why do clouds vary in shape?
What was the clean air act?
does anyone know how many quantum leap episodes there are?
why some people hate others just because of their relegion?
replace inter net explorer 7 with 6?
who is going to win tonights game?
Who is known as the founder of the modern Olympic games?
US citizen work in UK?
What type of dancing should I expect at an evening wedding reception?
is middle school and secondary school the same thing?
help windows xp Pro Password/reinstallation?
What is the average time that a house is on the market?
my favourite soap opera is corrie whats yours?
Differences between men and women...True statement?
pickle heat?
Any help for brittle nails and cuticles?
i need to find strange gothic alphabet font?
i can never talk to her...?
Why are people so dumb?
what would u do if i?
How do I clear my search questions in the Yahoo search window?
who is the first queen of england?
Have you EVER been in LOVE?
anyone know any good chat sites apart from yahoo??
Who are some famous Native Americans?
how does nickelback get away with sucking so much at rock?
What is the capital of Greek civilization?
Thanksgiving Gift?
How do I clean my disk effectively?
Is refinancing your student loans a good idea?
How can u tell some1 annoying 2 stop calling u?
Who will win at Sonoma today?
Do people know/care about suburban sprawl?
the name of underground freedom fighters during wwII?
How many questions are humanly possible ?
Christmas best frind?
do you like titanic?
Wich team won uefa champions league more times ?
who needs to just lose a little weight?
how i can meek friends?
Who will the Saints draft at second pick?
Who is actually the greatest UFC fighter of all time?
WMV conversion?
Do tanning pills work?
Why do English soccer players get so much money?
Why all the Catholic bashing?
Can you actually be denied  admission to Dawson college(Montreal)?
how do i set up a network using windows xp pro?
What does "put a sign to" mean?
Is Brandi into Scientology too?
How many people are fans of Travis Kvapil?
Have you heard of the Amida Buddah?
Heres A Math Question....?
how many mile from earth to space?
has any one seen bench warmers???
what is atlantic royal lottery?
looking for books on do it yourself civil law suits?
Tips to get rid of cramps?
Are you prepared to die?
how to improve man's sexual health?
How to stop hating the world around me?
how can i woo this guy i like?
Does anyone else hate daylight savings time?
what is the importance of scale drawing?
if my answer is "yes",what was the question?
dairylea dunkers?
what is the scientific name for pneumonia?
How do you increase your ratio on demonoid?
what are commercial buildings?
Who would you rather party with?
How does using a skip rope improve your footwork?
embezzlement?
Help with adobe!!! please?
Dreaming about teeth?
i battle to get my laptop mic to work?
wat is next step?
Funniest Joke?
What holiday is it today?
i need a job?
A question about Paul and the Bible?
Official languages of Canada?
Do you know something that does not have a Name?
Why can't I get into my email this morning?
How do i do a header and footer on Microsoft Word?
what do people think of how I am raising my family?
How would you define "Karma" and "Maya"?
Does Az have a law against colored headlights on a car?
please answer this, i will give you 5 points?
Question for all mommies!?
When does the impeachment of Bush begin?
What is easier to learn - skiing or snowboarding?
question is below?
Tip of the day?
united Health Care Ins. web Site?
How do I seduce a prude and aggressive woman?
Who, in your opinion, is currently the best Indian cricketer?
What is the Universe made up of?
what are some causes of the civil war?
Are you women just as visually stimulated as us men are?
Ringtones for razr??
Jehovah's Witnesses or Mormans?
where can I get the third season?
I need help with a math problem.?
Someone gave me a token of appreciation because I am very handsome?
what's the function of an appendix?
What is the difference between Allah and God?
Do you think that the immigration protests are holding our Economy hostage?
bannershoppingmall.com?
summer, spring, winter, fall..?
life? What is the meaning?
can i close my email account?
Has ne one noticed........?
How many people have experience with children with autism?
Debate.about mandatory service.tnx?
online legal documents for voluntary signing off parental rights?
Does ANYONE out there watch the debates anymore?
Why do we like bubbles?
why is this sooo hard?
Why is my ex such an a**hole?
is there transfer of energy in standing wave?
What is the best way to invest a small amount of money?
Why are the Republican states colored Red?
Does anyone out there know how to make .gif pictures?
How can i separate water & DEG?
the legal dating age limits for ohio?
am i exercising  enough?
Give me some quiz sites if you can.?
Does you hate anything as much as I hate football?
What is a derivative? antiderivative?
flash drive review best?
What is the average recovery period for a liver transplant?
what is the watch list???
Which LCD?
who can enlighten me on findings in area 51?
Why are ugly women such biotches?
problems that society would encounter if national language were changed?
kindly write a single paragraph on effective comunication.?
why do some couple prefer to have sex extramaritally?
What are the benefits?
i like this guy...what do i do?
how do i buy ohio state football season tickets?
What were President Grant's initials before the Civil War?
Answer my question about virginity . please?
how can I GET VASA ONLINE?
Anyone here from the Planet Boromoroflogotron?
Where does the word neap in neap tide come from?
anyone know a really good site for finding past family members?
Math help still!!!!?
Tokyo Drift?
what does center do really?
How can I get a boy to like me?
how would i find court documents on judges orders with kids involved?
what is endangering pink dolphines?
how do you seperate air from something?
What could the dream that I had mean?
Is it really bad that I dream about Yahoo Answers?
Will a woman have sex with a guy on the first date?
can i hire a notary to come into CRC?
What is differentiation in planetary geology?
Name A Few Things Donora PA Was Famous For?
is colonel saunders that pale in real life?
What do u think of poeple with underbites?
What would have to happen for you....?
any good MCR fansites?
why i donot recieve any offline message?
Post Other Good Jokes Here.?
does it really hurt when a girl looses her virginity?
Is the Iraqi Dinar really a good investment?
is ashley  tisdale hot?
What is your favorite movie?
Can you please say Amen?
nebody wanna be a friend??
What physically causes head- aches?
What colour are the canaries?
regards to my Sunday law question?
How do I turn on a guy without doing something drastic?
sickos on yahoo..?
who can find a virtuous woman?
What does a head nurse at a mental hospital do exactly?
can the offense advance a fumble in college football?
Is this good?
felony turn live around?
What are some funny movies that are currently out you would suggest?
Maths...Help!?
what is rosie odonnel doing?
how much should a girl trim "down there" ?
Im going back to court  for a custody review?
Which one will cause democrats to complain the most?
Who were Marks & Spencer previous suppliers went liquidated?
How do you say goodbye?
Less weight more reps question.?
Who used to live in the Swansea Castle?
What does "Circumcised" Mean?
Who is the top scorer in champions league?
What is love?
How did i know that someone really loves me??
how do you get onto a tv game show?
What are the dimensions of Disney's Epcot?
my brother freaks sometimess...?
where do i buy rudrakshas frm?
How were the planets formed?
How to turn skin White?
How do become boyfriend and girlfriend with somebody?
how did britney spears lose her baby fat?
why did my guy friend ask who i was hanging out with?
Do animals go to heaven after death?
Longitude and latitude of las vegas, Nevada?
Who do you think will be the next Texans coach?
how old do you have to be to join the marine reserves?
A question for anyone who has had mono as an adult?
How do you edit anime pics?
female or male?
What is the purpose of this texture on metal surfaces?
Can anyone recommend a good Truck Driving school in the North East?
water soluble or fat soluble?
How can we reduce a global warming ?
What would u do if u got a love letter?
When I will won a lottary?
Who is Aston Villa's most hated rival in the Premiership?
What is the BCD code for the decimal number 321?
do you have franchising agreement format?
how long will IT get?
How do I get a girl to notice me?
Whatever happened to Keith VanHorn?
Why gays like leather more than heterosexuals?
what is the functions of the centrosome?
Is it legal to photocopy cash?
What charges are expungeable?
what was the impact of apple computers has on our lives today?
HELP on Cosines?
when can u tell when your boyfriend?
i need help looking for a address....?
what should I do for my druggie friend?
Why Is My Grandma Don't Come Visit Me?
are genitial herpes painful?
the pros and cons working 5 days a week?
how do u pronouse the brand "volcom"?
A woman needing other womens help?
how does one stop biting their nails?
Who thinks linkin park, is a HOT band?
why is so much emphasis put on the arts in education?
firefox users answer please?
Do woman think about sex as much as men?
i love picking my nose...is that bad?
What can I do with a degree in international studies?
What are the origins and intentions of these prayers?
Sport Seasons?
Who Do You Think Will Win the World Cup?
what can be done to help someone w/ low self esteem?
when was the eiffel tower built?
Are UFOs real?
TROGDOR: Man or Dragon?
do girls love to masterbate?
Nascar Driver's 360?
Should I asked her why she texted me happy b-day?
change nickname?
Historically, was it ever optional to wear boots when playing soccer?
Dilution Calculations help.?
how do you sell a bridge design?
what do both fission and fusion reaction produce?
what are the little angels most famous songs?
What does vanilla mean in gay language?
why cant we get along?
i am searching a true friend any one interested?
Quadratic problems?
mark gibson from switzerland?
Was it good for you all?
Can any one suggest something to help really bad sunburn?
Chemical Compounds in your house!?
why i can't chat online?
what are some basketball mesurments?
whats going on on my friends head?
what do i do in this situation?
will kurt come for next match?
Is there anyone out there that can predict the future?
how do I join the navy?
Who thinks all tv (reality shows included) are scripted?
where does the oklahoma tattoo bill stand?
what are the different branches of the military?
What does LBFM stand for?
what type of wood do toothpicks come from?
Boy probloms? :(?
How much does it cost to get a T4 line?
wht is blog?
Jobs George Washington Had?
Fine Young Cannibals...Ladies?
can anybody understand that what are my mails?
where is the pop up blocker located?
Why has international law been as effective as it has?
why are liberals so dishonest and misleading?
has anyone heard of National Health Care?
Can you tell me your memorable dream during sleep?
when is the first Green Bay Packer 2006 pre-season?
Algebra II?
what does "good citizenship" mean to you?
Muslims running for office in The US?
can you name three artist that sang a song about Sarah?
projectile physics?
custom design soccer shirts?
Why does mammalian RBC does not have a nucleus ?
what is water harvesting? how can it be incorporated?
hindi font for web development?
who here likes system of a down?
Does GSA have a free Grant Info-disk?
How long does the rock cycle take?
What should I do?
how to be a attractive gal?
whats harder college zoology or chemistry?
Who sang 'Get Your Act Together'?
What does a guy look for in a girl??
What do Grandparents expect?
what is a custody account?
Does anyone know where to get Yankee Candle coupons?
what is cirrhosis?
Why was I dismissed from jury duty?
What is the average salary for an archeologist?
When does a tooth need extracted?
how do I get Yahoo IM to recognize webcam?
why do all the rivers in the united states flow south?
Why some people use religious opinions when voting for a politician?
who here besides me knows what a SHARP is  ?
Do Muslims have too much free time?
Who do you think will win the world cup?
where do i get information on Food Stamps?
Any good sites for downloading Disney's cartoons?
apple's MAC and windows PC - why need MAC?
Are most religiously devout people insane?
construction safety?
how i know girls like me?
Help with teen websites?
what is meant by accounting ongoing concern & asset revaluation?
why are sleeping pills a controlled substance?
My crush knows I like him...?
where can i download unbreak my heart by tom something?
Who is the best left handed player in the NBA?
whts the best way of searching?
big boned?
Is moving mathematically impossible?
what do you know about Ashwood University?
I need some help with an HTML image issue?
Answering questions?
Will I be sucessful in life?
would you make out with a dead body for $1000?
How to reset passwords????
Where can you learn to sign language in Philadelphia, Penna?
Metabolic Pathways?
where can i learn spanish?
Whh are we fighting in Iraq? Is it absolutely necessary?
what is micromachining?
why are people rude?
economic values of allotropy?
diet questions!?
What's your favorite song?
does ethernet support fiber optic cables?
What does Yakshemash mean?
The UN Role in restraining the use of force?
how do i inprove my rapping?
Nokia ringtones?
What is the definition of terrorists in the USA ?
what pay-per-view was the best ever?
Why do people throw up when they get dizzy?
Why do people feel the need to cuss?
Who will win the World Series this year?
I errored before. What is a BNP heart test?
American Idol?
information about robots?
how to be rich easily & quickly ?
Bushfield Army camp, Winchester, England.?
Why when I ask tell me a question they told me?
whos on my myspace?
If my wife has left the room am i still wrong?
What are some of the best quotes from Little Women?
Are there any free people finders out there?
Are there any fight clubs in Chicago?
Can solitary confinement be therapeutic?
HaRD DRIVE CLONE?
How many pounds are in a tigers bite?
will anu love me?
Does tea tree oil help pimples?
how do you get a guy NOT to like you?
what do i do help me i dont know?
WHAT should i have done ?
combine multiple rows into one row sql?
former friends........?
how can i get a fiance in usa?
do you think today is the coldest so far this year?
portable toilets for camping.?
How do you divide fractions???
dental inplants abroad?
how do you get silly putty out of pants pockets?
Noah and the flood?
Whats wrong with being a cowboy?
who is Mark Zorro?
solve the equation?
whos better in football uga or tennesse?
Can fourier transforms be used to analyze irregular heartbeats?
case law??????
what are the causes of hirsutism in newborns ?
How come women play softball instead of baseball?
Video capture from web cam in asp.net?
How do you hyptnize some one?
what do you call someone who is obsessed with films/DVDs?
Where is the state of  Wisconsin located?
what is the scariest Unsolved Mysteries episode?
how to get lotts of sex?
whts' "star in aquilla"?
Where are the good snowboarding spots in Canada?
What is the most prestigious event in the sport of tennis?
Why do religious people try and impose their stupidity on others?
Why are republicans so good at yelling?
Who are the ICCs of a company?
Who invented mobile phones?
Intelligent Design Adherents?
What is the difference between a 1u and 2u server?
How many love the Lord of the Rings?
Are their majors in  financial economics?
Online Marrige??
can alpha particles go through paper but not 3 mm of aluminum?
Do you think George W Bush should be impeached?
Why do people ask dumb questions?
Is there any relationship between Democracy and AIDS?
Should Art Shell be fired?
can lip-kiss cause aids???
how many states are there in the U.S.?
What time do you normally go to bed?
anyone know what 'constituent service' means?
Anyone NOT Gonna Watch A. Idol?
explain why (-17) -8 is positive?
How could everything be perfect forever?
What are inexpensive ways to advertise new concepts?
tips in ATA TaeKwonDo?
Car accedent!!!!!!!?
What will Yahoo gain out of this site?
are you open minded about reincarnation possibilities?
How much water should one drink per day?
Theories of the Pentagram?
party IDEAS?
Would it be a Sin?
Why do guys always let their eyes wander at the other goods?
In English language,?
my boyfriend lies to me continuously  what should i do?
How to remove theread,list?
What is Asperger's disease?
Are you a speak your mind, or keep quiet  person??
Who do you think wrote the religious texts?
must women cum during sex?
whay are muslims treated different from white people ?
will my peer be charged as an adult?
teachers - help...writing curriculum?
is the moon made of cheese?
Why do chickens carry the flu virus predominately?
Why does washing your hands make you want to urinate?
Do you think it's ok for girls to race cars?
Should Polygamy Marriage Be Legalized?
Why do only smarties have the answer?
for what   men or women  live for ?
Will mortgage rates rise ?
why c++ is called object oriented language?
What were mao tse tung's achievements?
Illinois,looking for a criminal lawyer?
dont you just love this site?
Why don't the Republicons start a draft?
What causes humming in electrical transformers?
How was your first year of college?
What are your favorite places to shop on the internet for gifts?
Is there a single way to classify an organism?
How do i go about constructing temperature controller?
How do you read the baseball lines?
How long have you been at your present place of employment?
does alot of people suffer from anxiety?
definition anyone?
What is an albino?
Who are the most feared marines?
why does the sky look blue?
Cole Sprouse?
my son stole from me ,he is 9.?
who invented the paperclip?
describe the process of gas exchange in plants.?
How come they nickname us big guys "Tiny"?
How come the double standard from Mexico?
Pros & cons of being an x-ray tech?
Whats the best MetallicA solo ?
what time zone alabama is?
Can I have a brief description of American and Japanese educations?
Looking into becoming a truck driver?
wat is "head"?
Why is it that boys think there so special?
Who was the 7th president of the U.S.?
A Birth Control Pill with few side effects?
give me some ideas about music?
definition of compose in e-mail?
cyprus information facks&names food?
Ok serious question...?
Can the chemicals in a pool age or damage your face skin?
A question about the different ethnicities at UC colleges?
what is dimenshia?
does culture destroy the beauty of islam?
How can I get my sixpack to start showing?
How much does Jim Kramer's Mad Money move the markets?
what kind of nonverbal communication is uniquely used in California?
Grand Banks Group a Financial Institution, working from were?
What do you most admire about Eleanor Roosevelt?
how to control diabetes without medicines?
whats this movie called?
Another washing question?
can anyone help me please, i have downloaded Scrubs?
Would u leave your husband?
DO you think bush is going to lower gas prices?
What do you like of India?
HELP-Will it delay my closing??
Why are Sky stealing all the good programs from other channels?
Are you a huggable person?
New teaching tecniques?
Is anyone good at poetry?
What is a girl to do?
how can i block junk mail from my post office box?
im bursting to pee?
Anyone have any information on Africa?
Do fish have eye lids ?
How can I get rid of this on my computer?
does anyone know some guy named brett borden?
what are good things to talk about with someone your dating?
how many millimeters are in an inch?
end of the world?
Which world cup final match ended goalless during the regulation time?
how do I lose abdominal fat?
Are birth control pills LINKED to breast cancer?
Is religion a fact, or an idea?
when was darvocet-n developed?
why do me and my friend like the same girl?
trivia question???
2000 pounds =______ ton?
What is a Maxim of Equity?
Is this the best of all possible worlds?
what are civil prep schools?
who played in the first super bowl and won it?
How Can I get a permit to carry a gun nationwide?
what should you do when your closest friend take u as granted?
i'm VERY in love, are you??
Have you ever wanted...?
How do I get a credit card operatable from Nigeria?
what are the averages of a 42% and a 87%?
Would you go to hell...?
when did the united states play their first world cup game?
Where is my umbrealla?
where is brooke sealy gordon now?
where is heaven located?
why do people like porn?
what is the nutritional requirement of fish?
Line of credit or Equity Loan?
Why are we still taught the Bohr model in chemistry?
is there a meaning to female tongue piercing?
can he be released tomorrow if i do not bond him out?
How do you do a back handspring?
Have you ever felt completely alone?
Does anyone know how to spell the word fasod?
is drinking protein shakes before working out really help building muscles?
Will the price of gaswill go up in next three month?
What is your most favorite song ever?
Name this 80's sitcom?
When is The Simple Life 4 premiering?
Who do you think will win in each category?
How early can i feel pregnant/?
Now that i have your attention...?
How long should you date before becoming engaged?
help me make a cheer. best one gets 10 points!?
what does Guerrero mean?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of petroleum?
how to write a game or program on a cd?
How to Cite?
how to search for someone who does not have a phone number?
different examples of commercially valuable GMOs?
stupid 911 calls?
Can you ever be friends with your ex?
What are the "balls of your feet"?
book part and its uses and function?
im looking for a diagram of us army dress uniform?
How do you know if a girl likes you back?
how do i change?
how to make a guy like me?????
Windows update directory?
do alcoholics have a low sex drive?
What board/bindings should I rent for snowboarding.?
What is the big issue with this border policy?
sms messaging?
Why is everything in cosmos gleaming?
Racial Problem at work place?
whats the longest penis?
Can I apply for law school with a Bachelors in Nursing?
what is the job scope of Oracle DBO in India?
Please try to solve the following:?
when will i get a genuine boyfriend???
Does anyone live in sydney australia?
Toe job- joke?
Can u find out who lives in apartments?
Eating Problem?
Can you get shorter?
how spiderman movie costume was made?
Why don't international students get financial aids?
where do I mail my federal tax return?
deleting drivers for HP keyboard?
Is this fair for younsters to stay away in politics?
What is the name of that doggone song!!?
Have you ever been bullied? Like in school?
has anyone ever heard of carpathians?
Are we having fun yet?
what thesis proposal do you think will make a good impression?
is it wrong to be inlove when your 17?
anybody know where to find asians without paying for membership?
How does the greenhouse effect work and why?
Need a website for monark butterflies for school speech.?
Why does ethanol precipitate DNA?
In the study of economics what does capital mean?
where can I download Internet Explorer 7????
how should I tell my boyfriend hes a bad kisser?
50 themes for children?
Are there any wrestling schools for teenagers?
Hi please help me?
What's best, anal or normal sex?
How does the Roman Catholic Church preform an infant baptism?
how can i get rid of the hic-ups?
who sow the film contact?c'mon say?
Changing mouse settings for icons on desktop?
Did Genesis originate from Ancient Sumerian Fable?
Am i fat if i weigh 100 pounds?
What are the top ten Liza Minnelli songs?
Who's thge best on spongebob?
who will win the NL west?
"trail balloon"?
i have no clue what to do now..?
What can you do with a Film Studies degree?
what DO ants like to eat?
what can i buy my husband on our tenth wedding anniversary?
when is ice age 2 on at the movies in the uk?
Physics Problem...Please Help.?
What's your problem with Islam?
Which 2 team will be last at the world cup?
A question for broad minded women in South East England?
How do you answer?
what is your wildest sexual encounter?
how do you enable cookies?
will mike shula get fired?
Salt Solution / Electrolyte Question?
Should I have another baby?
the bears?
i have a digital camera prob?
What is the name of the theme song for Big Love?
I just heard this one...?
Solve please. Show  work please.?
Can a minister officiate at his own wedding?
How do boyz feel?
what is meaning of "legit"?
Can anyone help me to proceed?
Any opinions on Inland Empire Wedding Chapel in Riverside, CA?
what do you think about the WAR IN IRAQ??
Cricket: Should ICC Minimize their Focus on Canada and USA?
what do i do my friend is copying me?
who is goin to win the muck bowl???
As a teacher, how do you control a violent kindergartener?
need help on female problems?
How can I stop stressing and enjoy life more?
Isn't it amazing...flashback to 1998?
Do You Like To Watch Montel Williams?
Who invented the procedure for gel electrophoresis?
How do you pronounce Shevchenko's first name?
Where can I buy geological maps?
Do earthquakes follow solar eclipses in the affected regions?
infoonbuildingawaterwheel?
Who won the 1987 Webb Ellis rugby world cup?
convert 208x208 to inches?
What sort of sicko likes child porn?
What is love?
If god is everywhere, why are people required to attended mass?
Why can't you get a tan on your palms?
What are the dominant forms of vegetation in the Sierra Nevada?
Does age really matter?
anyone heard of?
I need Auto cad for on line courses for Lisp ?
What do you think of Lost 3rd season so far ?
why is tiffany dumb?
do you think nanobots will ever exist?
Who are some intelligent , highly successful people from Texas?
What is it like being pregnant?
Can Monkeys Swim?
if i were a man what type of man would i be?
How do rainow fish reproduce?
Which number is more random, 6 or 8?
What is Homer Simpson's favourite song?
Am I the only person living pay check to pay check?
Why is college tuision raised higher every year?
why are enzymes needed in living organisms?
valentine emergency!?
ok heres the scenario?
Has anyone ever been arrested? Why? keep it short!?
Will Kim Jong Il ever change his outfit?!?!?
How can I share files through two routers?
Is there a place online where you can download music videos?
what is the origin of word"Casanova"?
Does anyone agree, and or think like me??
Did you have a happy childhood?
Why do I feel like vomiting after working out?
How can I get caught every morning on new technology?
what is thumb chekcing technology?
Is there life after death?
If a girl dosent love you.?
who do the cincinnati reds play tonight?
How much does an airline serving cart weigh>?
didn't find where must i put my password?
How do minerals form (rocks and minerals)?
How many litres are in one barrel of crude oil?
what sport is better?
One word replacing phrase "fill out"?
can i get the chating room?
Does anybody have NIke slingshot irons?
Help, please!! Qiuck!?
Do those who are involved in Scientology believe in God?
where can i find candy candy in spanish?
sometimes it's better to forget than to remember ?
Any opinions/comments on the CZ 75?
Does Nuvaring increase yeast infection?
What is worst a state or federal prison?
how do you find a unit rate?
hockey cards?
Should I join the Army?
where can i find info on the same with plant animal cells?
How can I make glass for my....?
What is E=MC square mean?
read n rate  this?
Is there a fun way of burning calories?
Is brad paisley married?
Why do we have a stupid predsident in office?
Tight Calf muscles?
what kind of matter does boilng water turn into?
Quicken 2007 or Microsoft Money 2007?  Which one is better?
Am i overweight?
Do you think I'm hott?
Is irv's luggage warehouse publicly traded?
How do thermoclines and haloclines form?
Artist help??
Just Wondering-Windows Update?
who made the song pop music?
NBA Decade Team?
haw we can stop smoking in public places?
what should i do if i like my best friend?
When did India last win an away test series?
How many exceptions are ideal for a w-2?
What is a makarita?
Are men ever really faithful?
How much is the (whole) catholic church worth?
how do employers feel about males with earings?
are jussi69 and jyrki 69 brothers?
wut shold i do?
how to make trial version softwares??
Is a Priest called  by God.?
How can I get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange?
What are clustered microcalcifications in the breast?
If you have had sex how did u feel?
Did John G Shedd go to college?
what does 'brb' and 'lol' mean?
What's the best Stress Medicine to take?
Online Tutorials?
what are somemore good words or phrases describing...?
should i take my ex bf back?
what is the best home based business?
Math Help ( Polynomials )?
Where are some good places to fish around Charleston, Illinois?
Green tea v. other kind of teas?
what dose a place for everything and everything in its place mean?
what is the probability of transmitting HIV through a needle stick?
Is It bad to call your Ex after He dumped You?
what is the electron?
'Penis Song'?
boyfriend cheats?
what science deals with earths history in recorded rocks?
is there any jewerly representing mother and adopted child?
where are some girls websites for ages 11-16?
where  can i find online english clases?
What  "label" would you use to describe yourself?
what movie is this from?
Who holds the record for distance of a golf ball hit?
what do those three monkeys mean ?
how do u convert seconds to hours?
what are nonrenewable resources of the rainforest?
which search engine is the best besides yahoo???
Are the British very good at hockey?
do people ever get away with cheating on their spouse?
how does a diod works?
How can i find someone that fled to India from the US?
list of books which have been turned into movies.?
How many days is 99 hours?
how do telephones work?
What are the things to be avoided in sleeping?
what does "ghetto fab'' mean?
Why only one God?
Body Hairs?
Question about a workout?
why are some people so sentimental?
what do u mean by distance protection?
RE: Baddest of the Bad?
what is a silica garden?
What is the Best/Easiest Video Editing Software?
nasal spray spigot slightly in mouth?
What is Iraq famous for in science and technology?
Floppy Drives???
Who do you think is the best team in the world now?
Does Marriage makes you more secure, confident and comforable?
Name the 36 Teams entered into the 2006 FIFA World Cup?
What did the cherokee indians eat?
how to find some one  in the website"hi5"?
how much does a NBA expainsion team cost?
Do you think W is even able to read the Constitution?
Ottawa Senators contract with Gerber?
What are AIMR-GIPS standards?
Why so many americans think of Africa as a country?
What is your favorite ice cream and sport?
What is the mark of the Devil?
I really need your help!!?
Who agrees that I should be supreme ruler of Earth?
how can you remove icons on your desktop without  deleting them?
Anyone remember playing with Lawn Darts?
amusement park in mumbai?
can postinor cause missed periods ??
NEW songs?
tell me your best yo mama jokes?
Why is it so hard to resist porn?
what do i do? i like my best friend?
whats the fastest a gurl can pitch in softball?
Am I violating Yahoo TOS?
Globalization and Print Media?
Xmas presents for fussy parents?
newly build apartments yeading lane hayes?
why some websites aren't opening on my PC?
Which is the most quiet, portable generator for camping?
what is the range of a laser range?
how many of the queens children are divorced?
What is a gnu?
How do YOU pronounce route?
what is the cycle of a software product?
Why do Democrats rally around a murderer like Ted Kennedy?
what is the average number of deaths a day?
What are the food chains in a grassland?
I'm a little confused?
Who's your favorite martial artist?
when will i get a land to construct a house?
How can i say love you to my girl friend?
How to make a step pyramid for a sixth grade school project?
can we delete incomplete files from limewire application?
Who is Joseph Smith???
A million monkeys typing on a million computers ...?
mirror reflection?
Is this selfish??
Will more teams tank games this year?
How can you?
Is Supernatural or Smallvile renewed for another season?
How old is Davey Havok of the band AFI?
can anyone give me information on why illegal immigration is beneficial?
Is this cheating?? or not?
What is the best way to get over food poisoning?
Does anyone know Lita's real name?
Has any one heard of Preterist?
Do you think it is true love or just a coincidence?
Who do you love???
what subjects did tyra banks take in her carrer?
whats HITLER  favorites toys?
I have to delete the question?
Any Mechanical Design Engineers Out There?
when did clay fight carl williams?
what is genetic engeeneering?
9/11 conspiracy ?
who here likes the beatles?
do you think the illegal immigrants should be sent home?
what can you tell me about the knights of Columbus?
What is your biggest worry?
what is the love is ???
Do you think America should lock down the Mexican border?
What is the best cure for a brain tumor?
guyana country offers the following recreational activities?
Why did America sell chemical weapons to Saddam in the '80s?
beater or white tee?  (for the summer)?
Who won between the heat and the mavricks tonight?
Does anyone here have a Wacom tablet for windows?
More short Q & A jokes?
Why do we say "an" historic event?
hot to add spouse to house title?
Averaging lines in an image?
How do you properly address french envelopes?
will a shot of whiskey evaporate in 8 hours?
help needed for psoriasis?
Get your free tips on skateboarding and get famous.?
Lower back pain?
What is a sessile polyp?
do u have myspace?
how to buy real estate with no money down?
I want my 6 pack!?
what is the strength of japan?
Name your price?
What r some of the best schools?
I need help understanding bass tabs!?
How should I give my stool sample?
How much does an average minister make?
WHat hispanic country has the most police corruption?
who willl hate aperson & why?
Find all of the solutions of the equation?
don't click here!?
Will the numbness in my face go away?
If you voted bush come here one more time?
Can there be lightning with out thunder?
Does marijuana eaffect muscle growth?
Do u think cheerleading is a sport??
how do we catch colds?
Who is the best football team in Romania?
How can you tell a real pearl from a fake one ?
gas law question?
computer help plz?
is there anyway?
i have a question about the new internet explorer7?
is love is simple or sex......?
what are some advantages and disadvantages of starting a business?
what are the latest reports on rubella worlwide?
what do i have to do when a girl smiles me?
Will someone help with this Windows Media Player 10?
how many seconds in a year.?
Do you believe in mermaids?
What is a line item veto and how is it used?
Who should win in the 2006 FIFA World Cup Germany and why?
Can someone help me...?
whats is long vocals ?
Can anyone tell me what this quote means?
Is always Force created by energy?
Personal or customized service in hospitality sector?
what is the best website for free text to speech?
who won the african cup of nations in 2005?
Friends..or more?
what i ccs?
Dimensions of a Macromedia Flash document for TV?
Would you suggest Ebay for fist time small business owners?
Does anyone know the song or male country artist?
a pink or purple coloured vinyl pressing  ??
Please enlighten me about Christianity.?
where can i get pictures of a water vapor molecule??
My friend is suffering from severe depression. Need advice?
I think my question belongs under mechanical engineering.?
In Dazed and Confused does he really steal the beer?
tell me about system crashes?
In football what position is OG?
how can i overcome my negative thoughts& develop positive thinking?
Is my relationship really based around true love?
Lost Friend?
i want to join I T company please suggest me?
If i believe Jesus Christ is God am i going to hell?
What do you ladies think about hair on guys?
where is god ?
Would you buy a lab-grown diamond for your engagement ring?
what is Apache ?
how much is i pound to us dollar?
when is world population day?
Why does Michigan have Daylight Savings Time?
How many savings accounts showed you have?
insect bites?
is the morning after pill the same as an abortion>?
red thing on tiolet paper!?
How do I talk to him about love?
Does anyone besides me have a fascination with cowboys?
George Bush or Tony Blair?
has indonesia ever gone to the world cup?
Is it hard to say “sorry”?
why are all of you such jack azzez?
What is the best way to invest?
How do I get to him?
Does anyone know what restrictive airway disease is?
Should I worry about this?
John Kerry should resign?
Need help : any drug for this case ?
Who do you think will win the Ashes cricket this year?
How can I best prepare myself for the college workload?
Can you repeat the question?
what you think about the future of next generation?
Why did Kurt Cobain have to die?
What is email phising?
How can I get rid of my pimples?
who is going to win the superbowl?
A globe viewer site?
Where can i get software that can change human faces in photos?
what are symmetric difference quotients in calculus?
enlarge pictures  on my computer?
pekida kedah?
advantages of long-life learning?
I need some photos and information about nordhausen?
Demon llama! Demon llama!?
do edge and lita go out in real life?
Is there a television channel devoted to the Canadian congress?
who's better Bryan Adams or Asia?
which is the best book on sql server 2000 database administration?
Does England require insurance coverage when making large international money transfers?
Anyone else think Barack Obama would make a damn good President?
I have this friend, who is he?
Meaning of staircase angel?
Do you think Alex Zanardi will return in F1?
where can I get mercury?
Density?????
Steps to complete a research plan?
How did Canada make out in FIFA World Cup qualifying?
Do you believe in aliens???
my comp is automatic restart  not going into the window?
Who created the SAT?
What does -1.4172 ^2 mean?
whre can I find the roller girls name list?
free wedding vowel to print?
how can i save any document on yahoo?
Can you tell me some funny teacher jokes or stories?
What do the following words mean in Russian?
what is the definition of a "mortgage deed"?
Does age matter in a relationship?
Who can arrest the President of the United States?
help with senior trip?
Will the Detroit Tigers take the World Series in 07?
Who would win in a fight?
Selling my home and need advice?
math extra credit?
anybody know how to write a good fairy tale??
what is offside when it comes to foot ball?
How does passive sonar work?
who were the first to use a computer?
does any1 knows a girl name sui ping?
Which is your favorite holiday in the year and why?
what is the bedt way of passing time?
jehovas witnesses?
Are Senator Jim Webb's books critically acclaimed works of literature?
Yankees colors???
Winamp download?
What does a guy think if the woman ask to marry?
how was the erie canal built?
What is HDL?
why don't i feel crazy?
2005 Oscar Nominies for Best Animated Short?
Who is your Favorite movie star?
One plan, defferent areas?!?
US Immigrants between 1900 and 1914?
if i asked you for.?
Were there any teenage spies in World War 2?
why does no light bounce off of space?
When does baseball season start?
How do I copy the internet to my laptop hard drive?
Can someone please tell me about Windows media player graphic equalizer?
What is good to do on a 12th birthday with friends?
How do I get rid of static electricity?
What do you think about this little Valentine message to my ex?
Weight loss?
Should the legal age for...?
Father Wont talk to me what do i do?
How can I download video on my friendster profile?
Should states have minimum competency test for high school graduation?
Math problem? (limits, 2 variables)?
PETA = TERRORISTs!?
how can I stop my hiccups ?
God exist?
how was your first date?
''What I like about you''??
Eve and Adam are there other names of?
who is older?
what is the name of the supercomputer?
I want a picture of Drew Tod?
Why does lightning happen?
my friends football position?
Wheres the best place to live! NY or LA?
what surgical instruments used on a masectomy?
who is the strongest QB in the NFL?
I want to speed up start up time on cpu?
Age difrence is it right (read details)?
how should someone ask a girl out?
crunk dance?
who were eliminated from dancing with the stars tonite.?
Help with Maths...?
Would like to know how my chemistry teacher criticized about you people?
Troublesome Physics question...!?
classification of a grasshopper?
Question about biodiesel.......?
How many people got murdered during the years 2000-2006?
is it wrong to dislike athiest?
whats the principal of ram memory stand for?
can i still be a virgin after sex without penis penetration?
what is waterpolo?
Federal Reserve question?
Ways to graciously breakup with a guy?
How do you clean a lake sturgeon?
does mouse IL-10 work on rat cell lines?
Slut or not?
What should a successful website be about?
is it necessary to marry a person you love?
i have a kinda embarrassing question...?
Why did we start eating meat after the flood?
Who is the wicket keeper of Sri lanka cricket team?
how do you know if your pretty?
In which language did Yahoo Messenger was written?
Awnser this Riddle?
What has got 12 legs, 3 tails and 1 eye?
wat do guys like?
What show do you like more and why?
How big is the web?  How many websites, etc?
Will he play ??????
free animated gif pictures for myspace??
Does Yuvraj Singh have an arrogant & bossy attitude?
who$who discovered hydrogen$oxygen?
do you belive in god?
Do u trust in my self-righteous suicide ?
Just out of curiosity and not to attack....?
What is the difference between unlawful and illegal?
this might be a stupid question but...?
what are the best running shoes for women distance running ? ?
Which sport, worldwide, requires the most skill?
who's the best non-Brazilian player in the world?
can someone give me the orange cinema code for today please?
how cold??
Is there a connection between dark matter and dark energy?
what is mean by CE in electronics goods?
what is a free radical ?
What does Missy Elliot say in the chorus to Work It?
Where can I get dive site maps for asia?
if you could give yourself a nickname what would it be?
Do you ever have to...?
what is the capital of egypt?
how to add video to website?
What are some of the best retail companies nationwide to work ?
Looking for an appropriate gift...?
If you are straight........?
Can a chicken become president?
How do I find sex offenders in my town?
when you wasn't famous - the streets...?
whats is your favorite christmas movie?
who do like on amircan idol?
Does anyone else think recycling is a waste of time?
what do you want for your carrier?
What is your favor theme park?
how do you get rid of someone who court you?
Abraham Lincoln?
when should you let your teens join myspace?
Do you still write letters? Do you still receive letters?
so tired...?
Does anyone have any comments on Northeastern University in Boston, Ma?
how can i find someone,s e-mail?
For you guys out there....?
Good dentist in Singaore??
Are many asking real questions or just goofing off?
Financial Aid basics.?
what is onchocrytosis?
how little is a virus?
What are some good songs for.....?
can you recommend a whey protein supplement that i can use?
sargodhian what is it?
Which is the best PHP based CMS?
In what sport do people get most injured?
Solving these equations?
Did I??? Please help!!!!?
How can i block all popups?
How did the british control trade during the civil war?
Does anyone know why my face gets red when I run?
hutu and the tutsi there orgin?
minimum separation?
Use of guitar amplifier - can I?
Info on ReLive Supplement?
Question about Lucifer in the Bible...?
How did the country norway get its name?
IM unfilled positions 2006 scramble PDF?
I missed America's Next Top Model tonight?
Explain House speaker, whip  and majority leader.?
Do you know about this scam?
Best place to learn spanish?
Why the writing of Koreans different from Japanese and Chinese?
what website have saved you money?
how can i get educational web sites?
Vary important for my future .?
Who is the best footballer in the world?
How do you overcome cross eye dominance when target shooting?
How fast does the earth rotate around it's own axis?
what is the sit of photosythesis?
who do u want to when in the NFL? this year?
How to prove  innocence regarding forgery?
where is Antrine, N.Y.?
How  do you catch gonorrnhea?
CA Real estate test - help!?
How many here are openly Christian?
What are some types of guys that girls hate?
What are herbs?
What is the highest peak in South-east Asia?
Who is the men with the longest and biggest penis?
what is the role of students in managing disaster?
Does the endangered species act really?
Who is going to win between England and Portugal?
how do you change sqyd to cuyd?
do you like eminem or 50cent?
To shave or not to shave?
Why do girls close to my age always look down on me?
any women over 18 on here from memphis?
Who luvs Napoleon Dynamite?
Who can write PHP-Scripts for me?
What are the signs a girl gives when she likes a guy?
how do  u cure  a dad in a depression?
What is wrong with someone who causes confusion  all of the time?
What causes the pain from a headache?
Do you think left handed people are gifted?
help paying utility bill/electric?
boosting your credit score?
Square root?
Is there anyway that our next President will be better than Bush?
The afterlife and our pets....?
What is the horse power of an 8N ford tractor?
how to get rid of a permanent nausea?
whats your favorite sport?
What to buy for college?
know any good mountain biking routes around south london?
if you are a swimmer/know about swimming please read this?
What College sends the best defenders into the NFL?
Would you give an ex another chance?
How many want Jeb Bush to run for president?
I am looking for benq dvd downloadable drivers?
how come no one answers good questions?
What are some of the best colleges and universities?
the qustion is below?
do u love me?
what are the manta ray's effect to the ocean?
As is called the president of the Portuguese Federation of soccer?
Do women get aroused by male bi or homosexuality?
What was Johann Sebastian Bach's musical style and occupation?
Who is currently named the best soccer player in the world?
The Two Boozers!?
hi nhkjzdhvkjh?
how early can a permanent resident apply for citizenship in the US?
Christians and Muslims???
What qualifications do you need to have to become a magistrate?
what's the causative agent of rabies?
Any ideas to promote a combat sports institute?
Adobe Creative suite CDs work on windows and macs?
how are alphabets arranged on keyboard?
what is ur favorite song by these people?
have i seen a  ghost?
How would Undertaker do if he switched back to RAW?
What do scientist say what kind of substance energy is?
Do you think the Bengals win the super bowl ?
why is life so hard?
theory of everything?
How many Miracles did Jesus do in the Gospel of Mark?
What characteristics of an animal does the euglena possess?
who is won last fifa world cup?
how come i can't focus in class...?
How can you make a smoke bomb using only house hold materials?
How should the nuclear standoff with Iran be resolved?
who is the greatest boxer of all time?
What is emo?
Apples or Oranges? (Very Funny)?
What copany offers best solution for SAN?
o i need help with this one!!?
what is the fifa goal project all about?
tommy help.?
Need help with English project?
Who is right? Jesus or Muhammad? Who is better?
what is similar in Donkey and Bill Clinton?
who is the best player of the FIFA 2005/2006?
how can I record streaming video?
what is the total temperature of  the sun?
miserable..?
what zone does the seahorse live in?
tell my the name of the team who won world cup 1930?
does heidi boxer have a web site?
what countries can produce polonium 210?
What is autoclaving?
illegal entry....?
How can I temporarily fix my tooth?
On what principle do most thermometers work?
runescape help?
What will the Clippers record gonna finish at this season?
What does this gesture mean?
What happened to Modest Mouse?
What are the costs and benefits of hosting the Olympics?
Why celebrate Cinco De Mayo?
do you consider sex an entertainment?
history of advertisement?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of these businesses ?
why are people embarased to be jewish?
what does the senate do other than pass bills?
what is the possibility of bird flu mutation?
how do i place some ads?
what are the different types of variables?
what is the job description for a CEO of a pharmaceutical company?
sprintf money format?
age of mythology?
Will you vote in the next presidential election?
what does WWE stand for?
How are roses propagated in nursery's ?
Is Sesame Street's Big Bird a boy or girl?
Excellent Idea For a website. Need a partner !?
what does karma sutra mean?
What should I wear to the Packers Game this weekend?
What do you think was the main cause of the Civil War?
where can i find a surf school?
what are 'forward earnings' in?
Sexual life getting monotonous?
How can economic development and preservation of our environment coexist?
what if you could go back in time?
Why exactly was the Great Wall of China built?
time to sack le guen yet???
Bush bashing?
Keyboard & USB track ball (mouse)?
what is the only living thing who don't have brain?
what is the main believe of Islam?
how do you get a boy to kiss you?
Is gramer and spelling forgottin arts?
when i starts my computer it restarts?
what movies are put into DATE MOVIE?
who are the members of the matches?
what good website is there for the Battle of the Alamo?
Homework Help..;D!?
what shoud be the punishment for rape?
Who will Win the 2006 world cup ?
what is the best sharing video program?
Does the atkins diet work>?
Would someone with a third level qualification take a look at this?
If you can answer this question you get easy 10 points!?
Anyone allergic to nickel?
Gyno question?
what is the biggest photo library in the world?
Why does he do this?
how do i know if i should download IE7?
does the turbo work in A/T?
How do I get rid of this horrible neck pain?
province by province dollars received from ottawa for welfare?
Why do I still get upset?
how do I know if my guy really does love me?
were can i get wooden duck and goose decoys?
Any advice for an American Woman Dating a British Man?
how many pounds would i lose in 8 weeks?
when i will earn Rs.50000 salary per month?
what is an information bureau?
would you trust R. Kelly to babysit your child?
Christians:  Do you really think dragons are evil?
How can I talk to a real person in yahoo?
what is the current population of the usa?
what is holographic video conferenc?
what's the last signal for the second coming???
How can I quit smoking successfully?
Can poverty be cured?
Can you help me with Internet Explorer?
Thanksgiving recipes ?????????
what do i do?
when was soccer created and where was soccer created?
HELP me????
Can you mix Ram Cards?
why do genes pass on from generation to generation?
what animals in Egypt were mummified when they died?
If you have one only wish, what it would be?
what will happen if we drink highly pure water?
Wouldnt this be awesome?
Anyone remember the Pizza Face commercials ran by Pizza Hut?
Splits????
Do you think Michael Schumacher will win the 2006 championship?
What's your favourite tv show?
Why don't monkeys turn into humans anymore?
what can parents do about cyberbullying?
What Gospel?
why be ghetto?
hey yall I don't have school?
Need Help To Cure Mole / Freckle?
What have you learned today?
Do all spouses have selective hearing?
Should we English be supporting Andy Murray at Wimbledon?
How long does it take for a broken heart to mend?
Is Will Smith's hair grey for his new movie role?
How do I let her know I love her?
What do you think of the Philippines, as a whole?
care for a mellon cactus?
How do you think things would change?
Who will make the playoffs?
re my partner leaving?
is there any creature found in Brazil this week!!?
How can i make my own homemade playdough?
Build a program that can open ms office file?
What career should I study for in college?
explain terminal handling?
I need major advise!?
Stranded?!?!?!?
How to find hays state prison imate mailing addresses?
whats the main in life? love money or beauty?
translate 31 and 15/16 inches into decimals?
Which of my answers do you like the most?
Is Paradise Just Spiritual Pleasure?
Why Did BYU beat UTAH?
what is the most wanted ebook?
How do you build a low yield nuclear warhead?
who will win the ashes?
his head really stinks?
what is your definiton of emotional abuse?
What was the best slasher movie out of them all?
What do you think  of these reasons against evolution?
What are some properties of silver?
How many steps are there in one mile?
Is 9 months too soon to have sex with your boyfriend?
when did hitler commit suicide?
How many universes existed before this one?
does anybody want to know the grease on cash value insurance?
Am I too skinny?
Will anyone give me a tiny Myspace Layout.?
Why do you christians do that?
marines or killing machines?
will the Canucks trade bertuzzi?
Who sings Sexy Lady?
Are there any "pips" out there ?
Childhood Immunizations?
Hey out there,?
Who really gets the welfare money?
How are law made?
what does "city's best chocolate" mean in Turkish?
Do you think it is ever OK to ban books?
what is a web site to find criminal backgrounds on someone?
should i reenlist in the army?
How did those people become super rich?
I Want A PICTURE!?
why this earth just hanging in the space but not falling down?
Does paint have ammonia in it?
How do you apply to become a researcher on Google answers?
how do u break up with a guy without hurting his feelings?
Anything about ruby throated hummingbirds that u might know?
Question below?
Since the Bible was written in foreign languages like Greek and Hebrew?
why were many people in early modern Europe accused of being witches?
which sound card works with Microsoft Vista Beta 2?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of modern communications?
what is a tanogram.?
what makes a person a muslim?
how old where you when you realized you were old?
who was the best band at progpower usa?
Which is the fusion point of propanol water mixture?
Do you like skateboarding or soccer?
What do you all think of people from Utah?
Some advice on studying?
do u know of the astar scholarships?
How to turn off stand by on windows Xp?
i need tips on getting stronger?
what do you  think about  sex  being  kept for marriage?
Have you ever chased a rainbow?
Can you inherit Chrones?
ladies..........?
how to protest without being violent?
who draws the congressional districts in california?
Was it God, or the explosion?
why do people only anser recent questions?
can you tell me the biography of donna kellogg?
still on the paranormal subject .....?
Places to marry?
which exercises should be done to build biceps?
Induction problem?
where can I get certified as a CNA for free?
How do you feel about REPERATIONS?
when people answer a music question?
What are your side effects from using WEllbutrin?
What was the first time the Super Bowl was broadcast in HD?
what are a few examples of isotonic exercises?
what does "dfoh" stand for?
English Question, which one is the best answer?
Your kid is being babied too much!?
Who is the greatest guitarist to have ever lived?
is being gay a choice or genetic?
what's the color for a 30th wedding anniversary?
What is epidural granulation tissue?
Do you enjoy The Bob and Tom Show?
What is mean by Lie group method?
WHAT is 50 times 2?
i need new york top colleges list ..?
How to aviod touching electricity in winter?
What does ISLAM says about killing of woman and children?
Should Canada be considered a product of two founding nations?
Who was the 30th president of AMERICA?
questions for you BOYS?
I'm trying to get my computer speakers to work.?
Who is  Langston Hughes?
what is the New Madrid Fault line?
Which locations in the world receive the most thunderstorms?
What is former 49ers QuarterBack Steve Youngs middle name?
what is biztalk server?
how can u tell if ur friends a queer?
who was the first person landed on moon?
who is gonna go home tomorrow on AI?
how do u say Kanye West's name?
MOBILE Software?
Who are the The first 2 sport icons in Germany?
how do i differentiate the exponential rule?
Why is biomimetek such a pathetic loser?
where have all the good people gone?
Which NERO version have wnaspi32.dll?
Who's bored?
What do you all think of Paris Hilton?
I'm in love with my best friend?
Overstepping the boundaries again?
is eva longoria pregnant by tony parker?
Can u help me with my science project?
easter bunny?
What is a Waiting Line model?
my friend told me a sick joke! do you get it?
Does fat turn into muscle and vice versa?
Who is hotter Chris brown or T.I?
illegal drugs brought to U.S. from illegal immigrants?
Who is Charlie Kent in sports?
how could i past thephysical science final exam?
Social Studies Project..and i need some help..?
Is Rumsfeld going better than winning the Senate?
how to install a modem in linux fedora?
is homophiba being afraid of your house?
How do you get your friends to stop out smarting you?
ladys  where did the use of make up come from?
Where can I download the movies Beaches?
What are the roots of the phrase : OK?
effect of military junta in spain?
why do girls go to the toilet toghether!?
forrest gump 2?
Ladies: tough question !!!?
how long was world war 1 trenches?
---script=return afterward?
why is it important to laugh?
What creates a Rainbow?
Can't we make a mistake?
When someone hears the word CULT?
Do black people get acne???
what are the long term effects of using cialis?
where is it found? chapter and verse?
does target sell Gatorade?
why do oil have to pay in US dollars ?
whts the meaning of are you getting your kicks?
Why do people spend money on apartments rather than buying a house?
Exercising Question?
what website offers celeberties phone numbers?
Who will be the best team in football next year and why?
Connecting to Internet for multiple users on same computer.?
what is the difference between drum heads?
How do i use messenger to takl to friends?
What is the fact of war that people are unaware bout?
your first kiss?? :)?
Has America won?
What is the Goliath to your David?
What difficulties do high school students encounter when reading Beowulf?
what is the meaning of this poem--The Sun Rising?
which is better alabama football or auburn football?
What the best way to get a tech Job In Japan ?
who loves shiny things!?!?
playing dress-ups! what turns you on?
Frank White or Tony Montana?
Why is it that,,,?
What would same sex marriages contribute to society?
Is anybody else enjoying a strong cup of coffee right now?
Have u ever thought of becoming a Catholic?
what is c2s art paper?
problem using limewire?
i'm born on the 18th of sep.?
Where is the best place to meet quality women?
wanting to go back to school?
I got another?
how can you block myspace in school?
Which is your favorite magazine?
Why do some people have big hands and feet.?
What is the Pittsburgh Pirates Theme Song?
What is your view about LEGAL immigrants?
Light can defleted by strong gravitational force?
photo copyrights expiration date?
list of cement companies in india with CEO?
Who do u think will win the Baseball World Series?
dont know what to do?
If a train leaves the station question.?
my computer is going slow, what should i do?
Is the mind capable of filtering subliminal thoughts?
How can I make $5000 in 6 months?
wat program can open chat archive files?
can i make fog with natural resources?
who loves these bands?
Need advice how to win my GF back...?
What are your thyroid symptoms?
Why are some Americans really so stupid?
Who was the first woman nominated to the US Presidency?
What's your flavour of the week?
Here,here!;)Any funny personal story involving baseball?
Is Quantum Mechanics harder or Calculus?
when was the coriolis vector derived?
What organization accredates non profit's?
Is it possible to get out of debt quickly?
wat should i do?
use  prolife in a sentence?
What are some facts about Odyssey?
What's the liberal plan to win the war on terror?
do you like going shopping and getting knew clothes????
How do i tell him i like him?
I was looking a removal control switch, please help me.?
"man-made satellite"?
Can someone help me solve this problem by substitution?
help writing my essay!?
Which NBA Team in California will win the NBA Championship First?
What is your favorite Gilmore Girls episode?
Is it ok to say utterhead to people?
software testing ebook?
who holds the record for most goals in a world cup?
Why do you think Asians only associate with Asians?
What to do if you are sad?
Which plant in Solar system has the highest mountain?
Are you a lover or a fighter?
what neurons?
what is pan-africanism?
how do you do derivatives?
why was Eddie Aikau such a Hawaiian hero?
What's the best quote you've ever heard?
Give me an opening sentence for a writing piece?
Skateboarding, who is the best?
If you had to lose one sense.Which would it be?
Will Tony Romo lead the Cowboys to the playoffs?
What does "rushing  by in a stream" mean?
what should i do?
what layer in the atmosphere does weather occur?
How can I improve my ability to concentrate?
what is penal code 1060?
What is a TomKat?
compare the energies of the colors of the continuous spectrum?
Scale reading?
what is your favorite religion and why?
how do u stop a raging toilet?
What is Asset Management in Financial Services?
What sport do you enjoy the most?
Wheat is the best investment real estate market in the US?
Is the apostrophe dead? Does it matter?
How many bowl games has the University of Michigan attended?
How to calculate the time needed to acheive equilibrium temperature?
I do appologize The question I am asking?
Which is the land of Flying Fish??
Really Funny joke!!?
Four Kids and Not Physically Happy?
who to be blamed for fornication, male or female?
who played the instrumental surfing song "Pipeline"?
What is Green Lantern marijuana?
why rain drops at earth?
How to become taller?
Where can I find a craft store in Muskegon Mi?
why r men such dicks?
whats ur age and weight?
does anyone know where i can download sheet music for free?
which footballer has the strongest shot?
child care?
is the mercury in eye drops like Visine harmful?
What religion do you identify with and why?
Internet relationships = good or bad?
Do you think life is fair?
how can you bee an actor?
should I send my mother a Christmas card?
PHP Programmer or Web Developer?
Is George Bush who I write to about the baked beans?
How many miles is it from Milford, Connecticut to Kurdistan?
What are some things you like ab out President Bush?
does anyone know a mark kunselman?
How do you download Yahoo! Answer Beta?
Looking for Google AdSense success stories?
Who won the FIRST NCAA mens Basketball Tournament??
need help with developing a lesson on prepostions?
are school uniforms cool looking?
Does anyone know what ever happened to Nidia from WWE ?
How old must you be to become a president of the USA?
which will be the better fight?
what is marketing structure for service businesses?
MVP team mixups!!!?
What would make you happier?
Sugar vs Spice?
can you get a sun tan or sun burnt through windows?
Is there any CCIE training Center in Nigeria?
Bait for Pay lakes and making $$$ on them?
How do I cure insomnia without a shotgun?
1/sinx-sinx=cos/tan?
how do i get screensavers?
your 5 best rap songs are?
Is a little knowledge a dangerous thing?
does ice carry germs?
does it hurt women to have bum fun?
What's the best trained team on today's soccer?
Why does everyone complain about Racism?
do you think  there is hell and heaven?
Are we ready for marriage?
How do I find my MAC address?
What is the best way to get rid of a headache?
in the next election will you vote republican or Democrat?
What is murray v. curlett?
How do peanuts reproduce?
Where can you buy ephedrine now?
how can i know that my lover really loves me?
A question about the religion in the USA?
how do i delete search the web?
Report Savings on W-2?
Are Kerry's comments really the truth?
What happened July 31, 1986?
What are some sources to becoming a teacher?
Please explain this to me?
How do you drink from the bottom of a glass?
Why do some people think London and England are the same place?
For Yu-Gi-Oh players?
I need evidence against ghosts. Can someone help me?
where can i find exercise equipment for a good price?
how would you write "Street Fighter" in chinese?
Evaluate 2+3y when y=8?
witch town or city has the most corrupt cops?
boilermaker?
which state is washington DC in?
Are executions extremely late term abortions?
Workplace Relationships?
Drug Screening?
what do you know about true ISLAM?
why do the Spanish let American corporations exploit them?
What do you hate??
How large is the largest flower?
Heart symbols?!?
whats a biotechnologist?
MICROSOFT DFS?
i cant reboot my computer?
Why do u guys always mislead girls???
Where are the real people?
where did voodo first take off from?
how does a major record label work?
where i can find hiphop albums on download?Thanks?
does real love reach everyone?
who is Maharaj Gurinder Singh Ji?
GCSE results?
whens the world going to end?
Anyone have any good ways to bring me luck?
What is a double-blind clinical study?
my girlfriend is moving fast in our relationship?
Joke with drugs... :)))?
Where can I find the NFL draft order for 2006?
the art of supplying an army( one word)?
best inexpensive place to retire in texas?
examples of english graphics?
what "skitzo" means?
Do you think footballers are grossly overpaid?
Interested in knowing about a company called Global Brands Group?
elliptical machine workout routine?
what is Lil Romeo phone number?
Why is it hard to study chinese language?
can someone gain weight by taking anti depressin me?
What is its volume at STP?
Smallville?
Looking for some legal advice from lawyers or law firms?
how to determine this?
What should you do if someone faints?
Who will win state of origin game 2 and by how much?
is it not recommended to give a cancer patient a facial?
How many game BRA play with CRO?
How often should a person get a tetnus vaccine?
Why did God create so many animals?
what do girls like in a teenage boy?
does anyone know the theme music to the new boots advert?
How many friends do you have on hi5.com?
Can't open full page?
whats the new free anonymous web?
How do you make a mans region smell better?
cromolly VS Titanium?
what services or features are available on the internet?
Which is the sixth state of matter?
Anyone else play whatifsports?
What do you call athletic shoes?
how do you do a front handspring?
Question about my husband's property?
what does it mean when...?
do long distance relationships ever work?
What chemical reaction do all triglycerides go through?
how do u tell your best friend they smell like shite?
Can someone please explain what a pagan is?
Does anyone have any info on the 7th season of Gilmore Girls?
Can't breathe?
Which nation has the most active and quick legal judiciary?
how do i get my computer's memory back?
what are the factors that contribute in the destruction of natural resources?
monitor resolution?
is he too old?
Should it be illegal?
how soon does sperm die after being in contact with the air?
Do snakes really drink milk?
What is the name for winged horses?
Need some videos?
who can i contact regarding publishing a book?
what are some goals when starting a business?
Should we love GOD or fear GOD ?
What is the statue of limitations for child abuse?
Are McFLY Good?
Gold or Silver?
What five words would you use to describe yourself?
If you wrote 3 songs, what would they be called?
could you teach me or warn me about grammar fault?
where can find 'tongue twisters'?
do i hav wat it takes?????
Can I send messages from my email adress to cellphones?
Why come men think that they should have sex Monday-Friday?
Medical Research Guaduate schools and Primary Care Graduate Schools?
opinions plz?
hw sucks who is wit me?
Why do blacks call themselves African Americans?
have ya heard this.....?
collection agencies i owe money to?
In what bilaterally symmetrical animals is there only one ovary?
Capital Gains Question on sale of my home?
There are too many laws arent there?
Do i have depression?
what do YOU want for christmas???
hypoxic drive?
Do teen girls care about a guys skin?
False charges?
wat do u think is the future of our planet??
What is beta? How come the new services are for Beta?
do u like girls with hairy arms ..?
Whitney Huston?
Does any one know?
What is your favourite Fall out boy song?
Do you consider yourself blessed?
Does a person quote scripture because they have a religious spirit?
how to learn the computer?
do penis enlargement products work?
what is better mig welding or tig welding?
can I edit a scanned document?
is he OK ???
How do I get motivated to get up in the morning?
Why does advertising life suck?
What's the meaning of an alienated man?
what is the expected dollar to pound exchange rate for 2007?
What's the fastest recorded 40 yard dash?
Do you think police officers are over paid?
Is the money Chelsea have making the Premiership more or less competitive?
Questions for Bible-Believers, and Believers of Evolution?
where can I buy 25 mg of niasin?
how you can imagine USA if Oprah be the president!?
Who is better? Shaun White or Danny Cass?
what is the social context of christian moral life?
Do you use Facebook?
Any cure for bruising easily?
the roles of women poverty eradication in nigeria?
is anal sex good?
which is most loved us president?
can u tell me some pharmacy colleges in pune?
What percentage of all people do you think are dateable?
hispanics in the us opinions?
why do not bill gates help the Africa people?
I need the least expensive router?
what channel is the panthers game on today?
does anybody else?
Solve the system of equations.?
In what country was the steel pan invented?
Is .80 cents same as 80 cents?
Who sings this song?
how much exercise should you get each day?
ED medication and treatment?
How do you take creatine? What method works best?
is call manager a software or hardware?
Myspace help...?
any people who converted to hinduism?
easy math problem?
Will Limewire crash my system?
How do I use a opium pipe?
Howework Helpless?
what is a great science project?
why are guys sometimes paranoid?
Suing NY times possibility?
info on the type of education required to become a csi?
what song is used on the beginning of a champions league match?
what does code 3 mean , when said inside a store?
calendar maker?
typing test?
Orgasm during sex? Is it possible?
what are the effects of a tsunami on the envirement?
bounce back unwanted emails from an ex of 3 years?
kindly,advise at what noise level shall people wear ear protection?
Is Noah's ark a reference to the Titanic?
What do you think about the new show Ugly Betty?
how long does a guy really last in bed??
What's your favorite swear word?
Is there anyway to add a second person to a home loan?
How do you choose the best math algorithm to solve a problem?
Brazil Police?
math question?
what is better soccer swimming?
How can I contact Sir Richard Branson for charity sponsorship?
what is the recent  dental devices?
how to get concentration?
How much is the Sandy Koufax rookie card ?
How are publishing businesses organized?
How to write a letter requesting an interview?
Missuse of power in county sheriffs office?
define KMT?
Did anybody go to church today???
anybody bored write me?
how much time is a soccer game played?
Average weight for a guy...?
yamato vs. iowa class battlewagon?
Girls only.  Why did she let me talk.?
how do you get over fear?
who is kenya tyson?
When was the George College founded and by whom?
what is streptoccocus pneumoniae?
Names of Genealogical Societies in Greece?
How long until Hearts are ground-sharing with Livingston?
how long does it take...?
Smoking????
Have you seen these billboards?
How does work google?
Where can i find BIOS on my PC?
help need adivce?
What do i do now??
Why some people do not like soccer???
whos the sexiest female celeb and why?
what is absentee voting?
Can I really be replaced by a turkey baster?
How much mass does an acela express train have?
Trouble swallowing due to Mold?
What do u talk about with ur ex-boyfriend?
what r the ranks in the army?
Which of the following groups of numbers are all prime numbers?
Lita wrestling t-shirts?
what is filter separator?
What can I do to get my Christmas spirit back?
what web sites are good for refernce footages?
Looking for the best Bi-Polar group on Yahoo?
what is the difference between orange and tangerine orange?
my black friends and my wife were out?
Who is your favorite player on the Argentina world cup team?
how to get rid of pimples on the back?
Is there any reason snorkeling would cause black eyes?
What are some good investment e-newsletters?
How do they measure sea level?
who will win this football world cup?
where to download "if I could be where you are"?
how do I develop a sporting clays club?
what is a med busi bur?
effects of smoking on college students?
how can i increase the pennise size?
i like this guy?
Is even hypotenuse possible?
can a freind be b/f?
Am I weird? Hard to Get?
Where to host videos to show on MySpace???
Douglas Howard Hope where are you?
who is better cal ripken or barry bonds?
What does Gestalt mean?
Why are liberals such dogmatic idiots?
Michigan People?
Open Me!!!?
Why do soldiers in the Army zero our weapons at 25 meters?
Are you satisfied with the people who govern you?
how many????
In Greece what is also celebrated on New Year's Day ?
Pleas help me with this maths problem?
Please Help Me????!!!?
how long does it usually take for Window Updates to download?
Neck Pain, any help????
How do I delete an old resolved question??
Are you sexy?
suka jajan?
why is it bad to date a 6th grader?
Answer My Question?
how to select bearing?
Why can't I watch the security camera footage?
Sound with webcam?
You are single and looking?
Who is your favorite actress?
Why are Christians unavoidably wrong?
does angels have sex organs?
How did Kennedy do it?
If you have a tattoo do you regret getting it?
What is the weather like currently  where you come from?
How much air does a human breath in his whole life?
Did Noah see any comets other than the one mentioned here?
why the normal bulb colour is yellow not white?
A man comes up to you and says:?
what is nicole richie real name?
Is Moby Dick a religious book?
who is the best midfielder in the world?
who do you think is going to win the finals?
what is IDD for USA?
Let's play guess the counter counter offer?
Invocation to Venus?
how much does a human head weigh?
Do you consider yourself dependable?
I need some advice?
A Chemistry question?
what is carnapping?
did you like the book the da vinci code?
Do u like me?
I need info on mad cow disease?
Filmed in Buffalo, NY?
Will Royal Mail be privatised?
How do I delete the topics already under the search screen?
Does masterbation have defects to the body?
why is my sister lost?
what is the probability of having four children of the same sex?
how do i find pictures of house plants?
will rooney play in the world cup?
Why do  men worry so much about having a long penis?
Whose a good looking blonde male actor apart from Owen Wilson?
Can anyone solve this maximum volume math problem?
math problem help!!!?
How did Franklin D Roosevelt get 4 terms in office legally?
How long before they impeach Bush?
Hey girls! Do you like Hungarian man?
Low Cholesterol Guide Lines?
does anyone know why hub pages aren't working?
What are the names of hannah montanas dancers?
Why do Wiccans worship in the nude?
Organelles?
Whats do you do for a hamstring injury?
Where can I get info for my thesis?
Where did earrings and jewelry really originate?
Do you take this for granted in your relationship?
where can i find employes of Auburn Armature?
what is the hardest part about being a teacher?
A math problem related to Astronomy. Who can help?
How do you approach your boyfriend/husband for sex?
Why people buy pirated Dvds and albums?
i'm scared for life. what about you?
some proves against evolution?
What is integrity?
How do i get rich?
Does anybody know anything about Inuit languages?
how is a motion introduced in the government?
what can i eat if i have gestational diabetes?
When is The Marine coming out?
homework help plz!?
which is a better virus protector Norton or Mcafee?
What should I do?
When wer u born?
How can i be louder?
What is white gold (can Au be white)?
How well do you know your movie lines?
whatever happened to the wife of Joe Orsulak?
does anyone take xenadrine diet pills?it works?
Sex problem?
Why "cowboy" not "bullboy"?
Tell me your favorite quote...?
final release of microsoft office 2007 ?
where can I sell Jaws for windows online?
What rights do a buyer have have with a land contrack?
Can I get into Mcgill University?
what are the advantages of antibacterial products?
what is BPL?
Why is the original paint color on pencils yellow?
what should be the good manner of a businessman?
what are some really good slow songs?
we've gone out but... please help?
how do you put mail into folders you create?
do you have space in your heart?
how do people find real ginger hair people?
What should I do today?
what you think about USA terrorism war ?
What do guys look for in a girl?
Does anyone feel like their lives are in a rut?
What does the term A2 mean in the estate industry?
Why does Mariah Carey not have any kids at 35?
did Albert Einstein believe in God??
Are you afeared of bares?
The nicest smell then?
what should I do??
Are there any soccer leagues that hold open tryouts?
How do people get the hiccups?
What is potocytosis?
Why are americans...?
driving distance?
What was your favorite skit or line from Saturday Night Live?
I need roses that can be delivered today?
If the radios is 10 ft then the diameter is?
what time is it?
How do I improve my accent?
Who should I start..Payton Manning or Carson Palmer?
Back and neck i have so much pain there today?
How can one develop "chemistry" with a girl?
message relaying tool?
does sex feel good??
where is craig.com?
What is the best art piece you have seen?
who is you favorite wwe wrestler and why.?
old city of Aliqua, or Fairfield, OR?
Qui va gagner le championnat français?
Why aren't more young women serious about getting married?
where should we start to learn hacking?
Who invented slapping?
my sisters car was stolen what do I do?
age question?
Who thinks Bill Clinton was the greatest President ever?
National Anthem in Spanish? Should they take it off?
what is the celebrity chris brown real email address?
i bet you couldnt answer this ?
pi want photos posters regarding global enviornmental issues?
Are there residency requirements for US citizens wanting to marry in Ireland?
can you bite your ear?
how to make a best friend?
Do i look too young for my age?!?
bacteria growth on meats left out of the refrigerator?
if you were a syndrom?
Do lizard produce liquid urine and is it poisonous ?
hello who will win the NHL cup this spring?
skull island fact OR fiction?
Should the Minnesota Vikings move?
what does genital warts look like?
Is it normal?
What is a good percentage?
What is the best brand for a wireless internet USB adapter?
what are the aims of feminism?
A riddle to solve?
Paratrooper Qualifications??
What is mylot.com?
what's it like being in war?
Is world history included in American education?
Whatever happened to Lo from Laguna Beach?
What ever happened with the downing street memo?
What's your favorite sport?
Iam Stressed Out!!!?
Do you think that advertising is harmful or helpful to consumers?
what is albedo?
what do you think the big mystery on lost is?
What is the best Hacker?
What are the best paid jobs?
Why does my nose ring continually get infected?
Wedding shower etiquette?
crosslinkers for rigid foam polyols?
Dont you think being born to this world is a miracle?
where can I find articles on managing ethics?
how to overcome belching?
What do you pray for when you close you eyes at night?
Graphics cards with 2 vga outputs?
What is African Diaspora?
this is one is for the guys?
what racial strategies did Georgia implement to enforce racial segregation?
Does Lipo 6 work?
What defines a stalker?
Which best hard/punk rock song to listen...?
What is William Lee Golden's middle name?
what is a bee's life span?
can you gold plate onto stainless steel?
Do you know anything about princess Diana?
what does morality mean ?
Myspace! Is it good or bad?
Will the sun implode or explode when the time comes?
How do I debate against illegal immigration?
How can there be self-help groups?
all liveing things on earth is call ?
in your opinon, what is THE best sport?
do rednecks really?
Are geeks ever rapists?
tallest soccer players in World Cup 2006?
Are there any real americans in USA?
What are some reasons why girls get their period late?
Are there any Teens like me?
Can anyone figure this out?
How did people get on those little islands thousands of years ago?
what could cause having a lower white blood cell count?
what is george bush saying about the immigration walkout?
how do i give my wife the best orgasm?
what should i give my crush for valentines day?
do you yearn for someone you cant have?
What song is this?? :)?
newton's law of motion?
what makes lightning?
Which conspiracies are true/false? Why?
Can YOU be happy with no money?
How do I make a my space layout??
I am a Christian and.....?
which month of the year has the most births, on average?
What's wrong between Teddy and Fabregas?
Bush showing his genuine color, is he not ???
where do i donate old computer in MA?
how to keep your friend forever?
how to start new career in HR?
What is financial literacy?
What are some good Job Search websites?
Can a LPN draw blood from a PICC line?
multiculturalism?
contact yahoo by phone?
what retail stores carry noni juice?
will we...?
information about the history of snakes in Ireland?
The next Harlem Heat???????
What drug does NASA use for motion sickness?
What can I do to get my daughter interested in school?
myspace comment box?
How do you get an A in Math?
Does anyone have a birthday on November 17?
What was it like the first time you had sex?
is there a place where i can get free education online?
Does anyone know what a Proctored Examanation is?
who is the most quoted lawyer in american history?
Which is the best website out there?
Is Ronaldinho married?
Why we have a different length of our fingers?
Why can't people train their small dogs?
have you ever?
a table of chemistry formulas?
Anglican Residential School in Winnipeg Manitoba?
Nash Trade?
if a boy looks at you a lot what does that means?
Can you teach me a new language please ?
how much money do "prowlers" cost?
who is the head of the CANADIAN government?
what is the best cold remedy?
what is round enough for anything, but big enough for nothing?
Anyone here had gallbladder issues?
internal memory to memory card?
Who likes j-pop?
online english dictionary?
define queef?
WHy do you think the USA lost to Ghana?
will the miami heat win tonight?
when can i start sex? and would it hurt?
Chris Penn...?
what is the quickest way to check for a copyright?
i need to know the names of famous skateboarders?
Should I comit suicide?
were can I get cheerleading uniforms made for my team?
what is network marketing?
Solve 6|3x| +3 =15?
when was the world cup first held?
who will win in the next 4 matches?
What is the nicest country you have ever visited and why?
what are the functions of professionally managed portfolio ?
how do i get someone to love me?
How can I know he likes it?
what is the mission statement of federalbank.co.in?
"Old Movie" Soundtracks?
Ur favourite cuss word?
He changed my mom can not  see that he did.?
what is internet how it can be helpful for a student?
What language do they speak in Spain?
What is the web site for Amy Grant for Three Wishes?
Do you think that she is lucky?
who do u like thats a celeb?
How can I help a friend cope with a sick parent?
a bill is not a bill till it reaches...?
Is Nick Junior a coach at LD Bell High School?
what is the website for Windham, Maine youth football?
What's the difference between Fascism and Democracy?
where can i enter mixed martial arts competitions?
did rutgers beat louisville?
Any Mavericks fans out there?
Which American Idol Contestant is better?
How long does it take before all of your cells regenerate?
What age were you when you got your first kiss?
Making friends in Northern VA?
Meaning of the infamous song from Joan?
Is this normal?
what is...?
Kind of sick question..?
ONLY for Girls?
how do I get my boat legally ouut on the water?
Isn't the universe contracting?
How big is an A3 piece of paper?
Why black forest of Germany called 'black'?
what ways do girls like to be flirted with?
14 year old jobs in southern southern california?
What would you rather do, play sports, or watch sports?
Who is hotter: Jack or Sawyer?
whats the difference between, wage, income and salary?
tell me the difference?
How to ask this girl out?
what is the natural satellite of sun?
Which current heavyweight boxer throws the best uppercuts?
What's your favorite kind of chips?
need you help...?
I have a couple of physics related questions.?
Exactly what is it that 'protects' NAMBLA?
unable to sign on to messenger keep saying try later?
What is the best way to store vinyl phonograph records?
What would happen to AIDS if...?
can i have ur im?
What is this song called from Rocky 4?
are hocky arenas built northto south?
What is the full form of NIKE ?
Boothster’s Rock Question of the Day?
why buy shares?
how would gays be saved...?
Witch is the first song of O-Zone?
Who do think shoudl have the belts on all shows?
I am in long distance relationship? does it have a future?
Do you think the Texans should move to Los Angeles?
Where are the ultimate frisbee pickup games near San Jose?
how many vertices does a sphere have?
How can I get money to pay my medical bills?
what is software?
Do women ever like to have onenightstands???
gram staining assignment question.please help!!?
What was the Name of that Song?
What do you think of this statement?
cure to phismosis?
does this make you a loser?
I have an insect identification project due tomorro!?
Are there such things as state colors?
Her last boyfriend cheated. How can I build trust?
Does Fuzzy Logic Tickle?
Patronize?
Should Mountjoy win the California Senate seat?
Guess these Songs?
What "NOS" mean in a Ebay listing?
First one to answer correctly gets 10 points!!!?
how many fluid ounces make a millimeter?
Can any one tell what will be the future price of copper?
Wut do you think of this video?
What Surrounds a Stationary and Moving Electric Charge?
how can i get a boyfriend who won't hurt me?
How long does weed or hash stay in your system?
how many pieces are thee in 1/2 of mile?
best way to sell on internet?
who is the Unreinian President ?
what subjects did Shakespeare study in school?
WWE Survey?
Do you consider white chocolate to be chocolate?
What Is The Latest Computer Power Supply On The Market?
Who will win the final in the Champions League?
Will Wrestlemania 23 be a sellout?
why is mitosis important to an organism?
Where does this phrase come from??
is knowledge fire?
can wwe get e out and back to f?
Hi What is the sales tax rate for Massachusetts?
Parents fear for selves and others over neighbor insanity?
What do you think i should do?
Is the theory of evolution just another religion?
Did you grow up to be what you wanted as a child?
where will india be in twenty years from now?
name of a good signing group?
what is the market price for copper chloride catalyst?
Why is Owen Hargreaves in the England squad?
Why are you delaying going to bed?
why do so many people like me because i am rich?
Is sex better for men?
legal req 4 returning to work with injury done at home?
why monetary value of one country differ from others?
How long does gasoline last?
what company logo has an open white book on a red background?
Will Haiti make the next world cup?
Had you rather hunt with Dick or drive with Ted?
i need help - officer's seeds is the phrase?
What is Cobra Kai?
What is the Hamsa?
Where are some nice hiking trails in the county of Los Angeles?
Everest colleges near silverspring,MD?
How come Springsteen never appealed to the hip-hop crowd?
am i in love!?
who do you think will win red sox or Yankees?
If a guy cheated before will he end up doing it again?
Who has more chance of going to hell?
Do you think its cute when girls giggle?
Where did the term raincheck originate from?
natural product used in Cosmetics?
One word is enough for a wise man?
How do you report internet child pornography?
baltimore instrument co inc?
Foreign Language Instructor?
Do chickens have dreams?
What does Kasep uy mean in Indonesian?
World cup Fantasy leagues?
Whats the best fishing line for bass?
i like a guy who has a girlfriend what should i do?
Is there such thing as a banana tree?
Do you guys think that Park Ji Sung is a good player?
Is Kobe the best in the NBA?
where can I apply for scholarships for my son?
Web design question. Please answer?
Does anyone else think reality shows are dumb?
Do you think that Atlantis actually existed?
Who is better? Buffalo Bills or Dallas Cowboys?
Which is better a Scroll or Optical Mouse?
What do yall think about hip-hop in church?
which is more dangerous....?
what is the relationship between temperature and relative humidity?
Does anybody know where I can find the Holy Grail?
What is a free on-line people search?
What do you think about Finlay's mini-me?
gf problems need help anyone?
fatorydirect?
doesn't God ease your conscience..?
What areas does the jumprope workout target?
What is the best single season team in history?
Legal Advice about Payable On Death Issue?
google problem?
Would anybody like to be my penpal?
what is best business plan to rescue my company from break down?
How can I tell if she truly loves me?
how many people have ever broken thier nose?
Wich countries participate in 2006 world cup?
What channel is NBC station in your area?
stomach problems?
Worst Drivers/ Road Rage?
List of personal strengths to put on yearly employee review form?
What is the difference between every one and everyone?
Does the canker sore virus ever leave your body?
how to print on sintra boards?
what's the meaning of the word....?
Does Michael Jordan have a foundation for charity work?
is it OK to lie?
us city with biggest scottish community?
What is the best sex toy out there??
How to trust women?
How do u get black hair for your avatar?
how do you know if he really loves you?
What is the number one eaten vegetable in the united states?
Is Yahoo going to startcharging a monthly fee?
Does anybody have any tips for swiming the butterfly stroke?
how do you get over him?
which website can i download free full music from?
Why is glacier ice blue?
How do you insert text into a .jpg file?
French lanquage question?
Why do people choose to jump off the empire state building?
Will the Colts go undefeated???
What was your favorite season of 24?
what is the fastest internet explorer?
what are the three numbers in a womans dimensions?
what animals migrate to wetlands?
asvab question?
why do stars twinkle?
how can you get an operation and make payments on it later?
where can i get notes for print media management?
claiming depedants on taxes?
Internet Porn w/out pop ups, cookies?
Have you ever been cheated on e bay ?
what was the first song ever to be released on CD?
Why should I fall in love with you?
who watched wrestling last week monday?
I'm a Gemini!!!!?
What does it mean if one flies in a dream?
What is the difference between a Senate and a Congressman?
How do you tell if a girl likes you?
how many bones are there in a cheetah?
Masked Kane or Unmasked Kane?
Should religion be taught in schools?
Child custody in Washington state?
whats the capitol of khazikstan?
Tell me what you think.?
what is a saltbox house and why is it called that?
Can you get into law school after a DUI?
Metabolism in hibernation?
what do you like better....?
what is the meaning of the cha in the poem?
sample of first aid injuries at construction site?
1 year after an eviction...?
why did I sign up for aol and get aim mail?
Do you know anyone of exceptional intelligence?
How can you vote for cut and run?
how to stop falling hair?
what should i do about my boyfriend's herion addiction?
Did anyone vote for that duckworth lady??
What are ion channels?
When you make money deals do you take cash or checks?
WHO WON 1986 FIFA world cup?
Anson Funderburgh.performing where and when?
is msn going to start charching??
Jews, Christians, and the bible?
why my wife is angry with me?
What does it mean "only my 0.02"?
Does anyone have the script from Totally Awesome?
list three events that lead to the defeat of germany?
Is this a good deal on Dell E1505?
I need you help?
What do ya think of the 2006 Winter Olympcis?
If a Democrat marries another Democrat.....?
Alabama residents what makes your state special to you?
what problems did indian immigrants face in the united states?
How do you kill a blound?
what is squirt?
Girls would you date a cross-dresser?
staying at cousin's place in europe?
can i sell my house in the middle of a chapter 13?
from where i can get a free  video mixing software?
What's the standard annual increase on rents?
What are hush puppies?
How can I tell???
The Next USA President?
What is Tarnish?
what does loan to value mean when financing a vehicle?
Why is today a holiday?
help please!?
Tattoos: Yes or No?
What do you think about interracial dating?
Who is the best Italian soccer team?
When you call the cops....?
kathleenLowery?
Where can you get the best deals on the web?
travel the world or build up a race car?
How to react to bad love poetry?
Strip clubs?
What does compatibility mean to you?
What happened to Diners Club?
What is the best way to seduce a guy?
can anyone give any brief description of anti-matter?
cell analogy???
who is the super star of bollywoood?
Is this the answer to world peace?
What Country has the weirdest people?
What is the best sites to meet people safely?
chapter titles Monster by Frank Peretti?
What does post high school mean?
What are some sins u committed?
Reducible Interest?
I put up with alot.?
limits in indeterminate forms?
Answering Questions?
Baby Daddy??
I need Math help?
Do dreams have any significance?
Do you know the name of this song?
5 x + 10 for x = 4 evaluate the expression?
who are the spin twins for india?
A joke....he he he ! ?
What is your favorite holiday and why?
what does this mean???
how to get a salary increment?
Can I fire her without violating labor law in California?
would have been possible than the hearth had 2 moons?
great friendship with the opposite sex thru internet?
can maserbashan cors spot on testicals?
can i earn huge payment while doing graduation course?
Why are hate and violence incitors never banned?
Are you a Democrat, and hate Bush?
Stress Reduction?
math is so confusing?!?
Are democrats smarter  than republicans?
Discrimination- long but worth it joke?
Why am I on this Computer doing this???
Forex Trading - Do you know what is the broker commission?
What is the biggest thing we Americans have to be afraid of?
what are different foot fungi ? not athletes foot?
please solve -(-3) · 4?
How do i figure out my golf handicap?
If you were a celebrity who would you rather be?
should drug testing be in all schools? why or why not?
Ladies,what is your favorite NFL team and why?
Are there pictures of Andre Matsangaissa of Renamo?
How do you change a bicycle tire?
who presses the button for the people that are getting executed?
how do i delete music from my ipod?
windows me?
Can you read this??
how do i gett im?
is marijuana good for you?
Relationships. bf cheating?
Which category?
Are men and women different in handling every day issues?
what is the laziest.. highest paid job?
does apples ipod work with urge?
how do  you dance cumbia and salsa?
deuccj/ccf/noda?
If I walk away, will you walk away?
Need agenda of Corpus Christi, TX planning commission and meeting dates?
is there a way to get free arrest records online?
why  do boys get shy around cute girl ?
which country has the most arable land ????
why do people in here take the answering thing so serious?
Sport supplements???????
what is the mission of the human being?
who are the 24 senators of the philippines?
looking for samples of cancellation letter?
should i try to get back with my baby's father?
Ripped dollar bill?
who invented the nebulizer and when was it invented?
Are there any Bodybuilding Masters out there?
Masturbation?
Italy hasn't lost in 22 matches?
who is the greatest person in the world?
Do other Nations hate American citizens,or American government?
Question for the ladies...?
the ring 1 and 2?
how long can someone live without food or water?
Do i look that ugly?
pls answer my question?
trouble w/ defragging my drive?
how does life insurance commission work?
Any lesbiens out there?
Do any of you write snail mail letters?
does sex for the first time hurt??
whats a goog starting salary for  a college graduate?
Can anyone say this with me?
Do you know what this flag represents?
Why do the four seasons happen?
Would drug sanctuaries work to reduce drug addiction?
How do you say I am left handed in Italian?
I need game!?
Would it matter if I snuffed it right now?
whats your favorite website ?
What is the greatest wrestling match?
how does head trauma happen inside the womb?
I like a girl.?
Can somebody give me a streching routine?
Did you do anything constrictive today?
What do you think of an older man dating a younger woman?
do u have msn?
Weird Names for things you probably never thought about?
did they have an intimate relationship?
What to put in my gum?
T206 Honus Wagner Valuable Ever?
to go or not to go?
when is hanuman jayanti?
confused? need advice pls thanks?
Hotel or drive back home?
What are my rights during an arraignment?
how to disable a forgoten content advisor?
why did the jews preform pagan animal sacrifice?
The Faculty?
What should you not do or post on the internet?
A&M and referee harmony?
How complete is God's forgiveness?
How is it call in russian "My dear"?
i want a guy?
Wich program is accessing my USB?
im in love with my best friend?
Is George W. Bush from planet Stupid?
What does MSN stand for?
When is it too late to go into the medical field?
how old is Grace Park of Battlestar Galactica?
What's your favorite song by Barry Manilow?
The date????????
Do you think another hurricane will hit New Orleans and why?
Why do people act wild around celebrities?
how can i do this?
How many flats did the "Bat-mobile" get?
How can i download mp3 files to my computer?
What are some good places to get used books online?
Hub and surge protectors...?
did you know that 2pac had white ancestry?
irregular periods for 7 years. am i normal?
help with ideas for Design technology project please?
Math is hard. Can you please help?
how do edit my web page?
How Much Money Do Pharmacists Earn?
how to get a visa to enter united states as a tourist ?
What is the greatest baseball team in the last 25 years!?
I feel for my ex? What do I do?
George Bush.. Good or Bad choices?
I need help on something?
how can u tell if a guy likes u?
what does !!!!1 stand for?
where can I get a mortgage with less than 500 credit score?
I'm looking for a pen pal anyone interested?
does anyone beleive in aleins?
who has nothing better to do than submit the report abuse?
what does the bible say about oral sex between married couples?
Should this child be told the truth?
starting salary for networking administrator?
Is it wrong for true Christians to drink alcohol?
How does one assign sucess or failure to ones life?
Sexiest language?
Dating and relationships?
Do you like Freddy Or Jason?
am i crazy?
What can I do to rid myself of this feeling of loneliness?
What do they do to Husband beaters in Jail?
When did people start using the f-word?
how to put more people on the top 8 for myspace?
where do raccoons go in the winter time?
Catchy phrases that will make a girl laugh~?
Why does Dell customer service suck so bad?
Anyone out there into Green Day?
where and how did hockey originate?
what does FIFA stand for?
What are your thoughts on nº14 from Holland?
to earn more money nowadays, is it just down to luck?
Java and JavaScript?
Who thinks...?
Do you ever feel like Rudolph?
who killed wild bill hickcock?
what does "util" meen in fantasy basketball?
would this be correct?
how r nails formed?
what is the greatest crisis facing our nation today?
what are the advantages of a business loan?
How intuition affects decision-making process?
What should I do?
Why are people trying to see kids from a website?
What are/who are imps?
Is there any website on Boss behaviour ?
what is protien?
What was Robert Frost's (poet) political ideology?
which programing languages are essential for a programer?
Do you keep all of your childrens artwork?
how does a particle become positively charged?
my best friend and cousin...?
what 5 communication inventions occured?
What shud i say on a first date?
how do viruses cause desease?
what is pre-fair punishment?
does time ever stand still?
Who was the wife of King Louis XVI of France?
im scared paintballs will hurt me?
Have you ever been part of a wild goose chase?
Best Flash game sites?
How to make money?
Does aim still have chat rooms?
What do you think?
Do anyone feels that the family structure is kinda screwed up?
have you seen this funny ebay item?
Help, what should i do?
A question about space???
What are unfermentable sugars?
help on physics?
Do you think showering with your sweetie is overrated?
Who are you going to vote for in american Idol?
Why don't teachers follow through on assignments?
Why is Kobe better than Lebron?
This is doing my head in.?
what is data entry jobs?
Im Takin a survey?
Where can I sell authentic German Beer mugs?
need advice..plz?
Men who was married?
is it possible to "keep" a secret?
havent filled script yet paper script expire?
Cures for sore throats?
Illegal alliens bring diseases to the US?
do any doctors/nurses watch casualty or holby city?
What does Juliet suggest Romeo do if hi is serious about her?
egg whites + cream of tartar?
what is a 'plimsoll' line?
for whom would you risk you life?
how can i loose wieght without crash dieting?
Does anyone know any good & original yo momma jokes?
What would you name your planet?
what is the key to staying married?
disadvantage of underage voting?
custody of a non-related child?
How do scientist find out about a chemical's structure?
What is jewish birth control?
which do you like better salty or sweet  foods?
how do you start an acceptance letter for college?
Mantua kit mfg company in Italy?
3(x-4)<4+3x?
any one???????????
name some vertabrate groups?
free hosting service with frontpage and ftp support?
Why are there so many questions on here that make no sense?
Whats the best way to loose weight?
What can i do about my girlfriends snooping?
what specific adaptations  must an aminal have in order to fly?
How would you solve this?
Why Do You Think School Should Be Forced?
I want to become a Unix Systems Admin...?
What makes you grow tall fast?
For a female, is long hair or short hair more attractive?
Resume/Cover Letter. Please Help!?
science topics for 7th to 8th grader in high school?
Gosh, its hard to stop contact with my ex.?
English prepsition question?
When can children understand about game wardens?
How to go about...?
What makes a person cool?
what are the stages in the lifecycle of a star?
why do christians always torture muslims?
Any guys that are single and want to chat?
My co-worker keeps adjusting her bra....?
Retrogression going on in USA immigration?
Why did they start the Underground Railorad?
Who knows the awnser for this riddle?
Why do people like the Red Sox?They suck!?
Prednisone + Smoking + Drinking?
What is a JavaScript Library?
Can you name an expensive car make and model?
What does FIFA stand for in FIFA World Cup??
How do you pronounce the name "Adrina"?
what is something that you could not live without??
What determines the color of eyes we're born with?
How can I eliminate "Toxinz" from my diet?
what does dsf mean?
meaning of corporate governance?
what does GHZ stand for?
Who is Single and in Luray Virginia?
why cant johnny read?
do you consider wrestling a real sport or a comedy??
What happened to Latrell Sprewell?
What's your favorite sport?
How do Christians live with their hypocrisy?
What's a common error you've seen on here?
have you ever talked to someone that doesn't exist?
is there any private swimming pool in nutley new jersey?
What is the time now in ur place?
our dog is old and sick what should i tell my kids?
Complex Numbers Question?
what are pan and tilt angles?
What is the difference between a highway and a freeway?
What's the best film school in Southern California?
how did adam and eve make so many different looking babies?
How does this make you feel?
Do Christians migrate?
How is sound doctrine taught in a charismatic manner?
Why does Danica Patrick drive so fast?
Who is Henry Lee Lucas of Virginia?
What Is the BEST university to attend???
Why are republicans dispositioned with sticks up their butt?
famous or important people from georgia?
do you really think that we are after the oil?
is this how royalist toffs could make a comeback ?
What ever happened to Cha Cha in drag racing?
i wanna find a ip without software?
Do Militia Groups still exist? What's their purpose?
what was the first rap song ever to come out?
why do lots of people feel excited  about football?
How much money would it take for you to never work again?
I am going to go?
Best Firewall for win xp pro?
Demon possession? Real or fake?
what does Oi Vey mean?
What is your favorite word in the English language.?
NEED HELP ASAP - English assignment?
What is a Jaguarundi and why is it endangered?
Why is it that?
at the time of kiss is any internal body reaction?
Want to form a group of people with special paranormal abilities.?
what does mwahz stand for?
online friends?
how to make my stretch marks be less visible?
Why does Britney Spears think she can be like Madonna?
Who is the worst team in the playoffs now?
Does anyone have a FTP I can access?
how do you spell a the word commiscues?
Do Muslims work harder than Christians?
"girlfriend" problems. liking more than one girl?
I need Mother In Law Advice!?
how to clean mountain bike after ride?
Anyone interested in Bible numerics??
who is Babylon?
Could gorillas be degenerated humans ?
what does the hatchetman stand for?
Can you really purchase real estate with no money down?
intelligence?
Where can I download free Fruits Basket episodes?
why are there so mant questions involving Hilary Duff?
riddle, can u guess it?
Do i have a fast metabolism?
What are the school districts in New Jersey?
Can you drink alcohol while taking penicillin?
PHP database question ?
Explication of "harlem"?
What do you meant by static and dynamic modeling?
death!!! i need help with this!?
what are the personal qualities required to become a nurse?
Explain why you agree or disagree with this statement?
Liability and Apparant Authority?
What are Armor Piercing Rounds made of?
what are the wedding vows the preacher says to the couple?
Christians--Biblical advice how to rebuke someone?
What can we do to stop the moral decay in our country?
Please See below?
What is the purpose of our government?
so should i stay?
What would Jesus do? So why do you do it?
How does HPV affect males?
sterling silver appraiser.?
What color dress are you wearing right now?
how can you make a big cardboard castle?
Only answer if you are in to sports shooting please?
What you think about Windows Vista (codename Longhorn)?
commerce équitable?
my secondary window shrinks!how do i fix this?
how can a person not kno they smell of wee?
Any ideas for an Italian baby name - for a boy?
how cani fine out about my taxes?
How do you perceive dry cereal as a convenient and healthy food?
How can i improve my communication skills?
what is the most rural(farming) state in America?
Remedy for ear blockage.?
Can the changes in gravity effect the chemicals in hair products?
What are the fertile rolling plains located in Central Indiana?
Can girls jizz?
how do one get to understand a new date?
what is the best way to ship a bicycle?
He has changed his mind about being her dad.?
who sings a song called "behind blue eyes"?
Who is the founder of Atheism?
How do you copyright ideas?
Buying into my brother's house?
what observatory experiment can a grade 9 perform?
Is ant sleep?
Here's a Joke, tell me what you think?
How do you make things right?
what does "zip" in zip code stand for?
when was the national "do not call" list created?
why e=mc2?
What where President Wison's progressive ideas?
What is Photosynthesis?
who are the main competitors of mitel corporation?
Is current Christianity real?
where did the months get their names?
molar heat capacity?
Any horribly bad pick-up lines?!?
Can anyone tell me when the George Galloway started?
how many rings does dr j have ?
What gives you the most comfort?
Will there be another Dragon Ball T.V. series?
Ernest Rutherford's Gold Foil Experiment?
Unknown computers conncted to my network what can I do ?
Why do people say I'm defensive and/or sensitive?
What are the new MBA courses comming up In India?
Dragon Ball?
view pictures in slide show?
Bleeding Belly Button?
What flowers do transsexual women prefer to receive?
What are some ways people lose their religion ;-)?
hi i am afraid can anyone  make me feel better?
What is the word in Spanish for beltloop?
How to relieve migraines?
Who was the philosopher who first said that the Earth is round?
Why can't I check my Yahoo! email?
whats your favorite movie?
When did you first fall in love with hip-hop?
Why didn't god do a better job?
Torrent files?
Whats orange and sounds like a parrot?
which is the powerful virus protection software?
Johnny Depp vs. Orlando Bloom. Whos Hotter?
The relativity theory tells us that time and space are the same?
Criminality in the usa ???
How do I know it is true love?
nexcom wireless?
Blood pressure problem?
Why does heat bend light?
How is continental crust formed?
has any body heard of a movie called The Last Dragon?
Britney Spears Pregnant again?
What is ya fave American rock band.?
Where can I buy pure Mysore sandalwood oil?
how soon is too soon???
who are  the  founders of america?
What does being saved mean to you in a Biblical sense??
Who has the thickest most muscular neck in NFL?
What should i say?
Is it illegal to drive barefoot in the UK ?
who is mary magdalene?
How much does manhattan weigh in NYC?
What do you do for a living? do you like it?
Is it painful to open your eyes under salt water?
what is sgot mean in a blood lab?
What are some really big complicated words and their meanings?
why do i find my mum so hot ?
std? prostatitis?
Africans vs South Americans????
What is the smallest country to ever qualify for the World Cup?
how do you fill out a western union money order?
why does the term TOSSER refer to a male?
What is dry humping?
when will gm pay dividehd?
Why US TV stations won't show badminton tournaments?
Is Rory Emerald's biological mother movie star Raquel Welch?
How to enhance libio after having a baby?
Yahoo IM problem?
What is the best DVD backup progam?
What does OTU mean in biological terms?
is predisone an antihistimine?
Got a funny way to say "masturbate"?
What is the mass of a sugar solution????
So I want to lose some weight but?
how do i find a address i delete ed?
What is the big deal...???
Can any one send me a paper on Image Processing?
what is a good idea to make money in south Africa?
Which is the highest mountain of the world ?
What magical powers do you have?
What makes your kids special?
can u edit this plz?
Angels or Fairies!?!?
aggies rock?
What was life like for children during the civil war?
Does Rubbermaid and Siemens have any business relationship?
Anyone know of a Quick Weight Loss Solution?
How to include all files from another folder using C++?
PC slot question?
Do you know of anywhere I can create a free web page?
what was the highest scoring game in football (soccer) history?
is weder bremen  having a great season this year?
Who is your favorite r/b singer guy prefably?
Why are human eyes in the front of the head?
any people cant answer my ask persian?
what is the new treatment for multiple sclerosis?
help me with some tabs please?
Do you think celebrities go free when they are really guilty?
Are those Rihanna's real color eyes?
Do you get point for when people answer you question?
what dose bypolar measn?
Should stem cell research be encouraged? (funded by taxes)?
A fun risque survey for the ladies...?
do you think sex in church is wrong?
what is dna fingerprinting?
how do you get rid of sweat stains on clothes?
Have you noticed all the mystical aspects of the Bible?
Christmas light injuries?
Any ladies at work today wearing pantyhose?
Can someone point out the country of Palestine?
Would you ever want a title of Nobility?
Hey Joey in regards to my mother and the nursing home?
What is the 'motto' of Napoleon Bonaparte I?
Why are there people in the world?
about tornado?
Why do some teams not have names on their jerseys?
what is hypocromia?
Whats ur most memorable school reunion?
Is Atkins Diet economical?
What is the longest relationship youve ever been in?
why most people wish to be tall?
what does lemphie de vasis mean?
Where can I find a fabric store that sells patent leather??
how can I find a girl friend in canada?
Why the term 'Bowl' for big football games?
are you all human here?
How big is Tucker?
How do you know if you have soft enamel?
Help with depression.?
Spelling mistake in passport.....?
How do you throw a rugby ball?
what is life expectancy for russia?
are you in?
Can you ban people here  in yahoo answers?
is it true that gambit is a horseman now?
Please help - computer problems?
What is the difference between Japanese and Thai culture?
objective statement?
Who started or invented the process of hydrogenating oil?
Lithium Testing?
Am I old fashion because I want a man to romance me?
What's this song?
How to prevent mind wandering?
on what day does the world cup start?
what are the advantages to be alone?
how do i know when a woman wants me?
What can I do with a degree in physics?
Are aliens real?
When did People from Vietnam start to come to australia?
do u like dicks?
Hey I need help plz?
what is carcinogen?
will he aver come back to me?
Why cant I sign in to paypal?
Most dangerous animal on planet Earth?
Are any of you leaching off your neighbors internet signal?
Вы тупоумны?
why does my computer keep freezing up?
How do I find the providian diet plan?
Why did Payne Stewart died at a very young age?
Funnest things to do with friends?
HAHAHAHA, can you believe this?
Does anyone know what steps to take to get a book published?
what is this song called?
would you join another social network site?
What happened to Kellie Pickler after American Idol?
how 2 increase penis size?
what kind of food can help growing fast.?
i need instructions for adventuridge digital compass please?
if u just tore ur acl...?
How many human being Killed by US war machine?
what congressman said"good fences make good neighbors"?
Are you going to?
Who is your favorite Player?
Have you heard of Malaysian British Overseas Citizenship?
what thing which is available everywhre.?
how often do you go to canada?
married at 17?
What is a good gift for a guy?
Is this a good web-site idea?
What is the function of DNA?
can a lawyer help you to early terminated probation?
what is a thousand years?
Free Ana Nicole smith link to video dowloads?
what would you define as a miracle?
what kind of right should sex offender have?
who wants to be a booty call?
What is Germany's largest online auction website?
How can I stop being so pessimistic?
2 questions???
How many computers can be found in a third world country?
16 feet equals how many inches?
What do you think of Marriage ? Is it Good or Bad ?
What is your favorite show, movie, and celebrity.?
big friend problem?
Where in general do you find a decent woman?
Question of Emre Belezogulu.?
Does he still want to be with me?
does NEWS really stand for North East West South?
Name three types of scanners.?
Diet Pills....?
is it better to be  alone or in a bad relationship?
Who was de 1st raper?
Where can you get addresses for professional athletes?
How does the sun change position over the summer months?
eye problem?
Table tennis player?
Math Help Please?
what would you do please help me out?
John Adams how he advanced in public welfare?
what is Nebicin used for?
start up disks for windows free?
help my bf is an ass?
Job Searching in North Ft Myers Florida...?
weAthger and atmosphere??
What river borders Palisades, NJ?
Remington Model seven stainless synthetic .308W?
what is the meaning of your name?
whois your favorite star?
how do i tell my parents i want to move out.?
Why are the NASA shuttle launch windows so narrow?
i love him???
If you think TNA is Better than WWE PRove It?
should there be any constitutional rights for gays and lesbians?
I like you. Do you like my mum?
When is the end of the line?
What is the most competitive soccer league in the world?
can someone help me understand this poem?
Does your name has any meaning attached to it?
Can he grow to love me?
What month and year was Sylvia Browne born?
Why won't boys like me : (?
are weddings in las vegas legal in Spain?
what do muscles work properly?
I need some advice...With Family issues..?
Does anyone know the best site to learn assembly language ?
Is there any law school here in dubai?
First generation programming language was developed in?
what song says?
Are there any federal nurse jobs?
Anyone know if there really is a Warriors remake happening?
immigration and the language barrier?
why steroids are banned?
Do you think batman could exist?
Homemade pimples cures?
how much do computer engineer's get paid?
is tyhere any sure way to fool a drug test?
Will President Bush be remembered as a war-time hero?
Any fans of Within temptation? Favorite song of them?
Name celebrities born on 11th December...?
do prince albert  piercings ever heal up after removed?
suggest diet to increse bone weight in body?
Tritium and bong water.?
what does "responsible government" mean?
how are EM waves produced?
Ok so what if...?
how many yellow cards have been awarded in world cup 1990?
should i report my boss or go back to work???
is it true..?
Read this and tell me what you think happened...?
Has anybody met the President, and what was it like?
What should i do???
Does anyone here support the Leafs?
Is a Myspace worth it??
how do i stall visa for 6 months without making any payments?
What is your fav movie???
how can i get my high school grades from 1971?
Does excersing get rid of strech marks?
What does the term "irish twins" mean?
If you were offered a cure, would you take it?
Little johnny joke?
y is it good...?
System of study in Ireland?
Is increased discharge a sign of pregnancy?
how to shutdown others computer on network?
who is david beckham?
what  is Internet?
Sneeze when I look at a bright light.?
Who is Chris Judd?
How can i change my age on yahoo?
Who is the parent company of Loreal?
what does wd40 stand for?
Difficult global warming problem?
how do you go about selling a time share?
does sex sell?
Predicting if a reaction will occur?
How elephant protect themselves?
401K Investments?
** Bean Town***?
only honest men for this question?
why does flour freeze faster that baking soda?
surigao metropolitan water district history?
I can't download?
Who likes Chris Farley?
how to build up my muscle in 2 months?
request for images.?
What do u think of ECW?
whats my name???????
why the hell are you so mean to me???
Why are people in Guatemala against CAFTA?
microsoft optical trackball explorer warranty?
why do computers only understand 0's and 1's?
Who is your favorite actor on tv??
what should we do to have good eyes?
Any Instant Star fans?
How can i reduce my taxes?
how does a acid containing tank can be saved from corrosion?
Windows media player not showing video while playing avi files?
the irish man?
Advance food & hygiene, any tips on the course?
What do you think of this?
What's some of the best Online computer courses?
i need help on a Algebra promblem?
What exactly is this animal?
Any lawyers despise their own profession?
what is youe best web site?
Friends episode question?
Is chicken noodle soup a compound or a mixture?
Who shot JFK?
hi how to come out of hesitation in public speaking?
Isn't that a good thing... ?
Are you a shy, unique or out of control person?
Apply to real life?
Have there ever been fatal knockouts in box?
Why am I so hot right now?
is it ok for a girl to make the first move?
What do the Tories want, in a nutshell?
ladies only please?
are any of yall gonna go to school today?
any good music downloading websites?
will i lost my weight n should i fine my real love?
can i get my w2s online?
How do plants and animals become asexual?
Who invented TV?
how much is the assistant executive housekeeper worthed??
I'm Looking to purchase a Digtial Camera?
What is a reverse 1031 exchange?
Where can i find some good Buffy/Angel fanfiction?
whats the strategy of GE healthcare in europe?
Can u trust a smiling face?
How to remove the spyware from my computer for free?
how do i center my myspace page any takers??
what is the pH of NaOH?
Does any one know??
Why religion is the primary source of violence through out the world?
Email from God?
should mexican dogs be taken back to mexico?
Are girls lesbians??
why do mean people like to hurt nice people?
Why does it rain so much in Oregon?
Searching for relatives?
If you could live anywhere where would you live and why?
what isthe easy defination of newton 1st law?
The age to Date?
any remedy to clear wax in your ear besides q-tip?
How do I get into Hunter Middle School?
Do u wanna b my mate?
favourite Def Leppard song?
what is global warming?
suicide statistics in the united states 2004?
Frank Castle (the Punisher) dates Rogue?
In wich condition you may not do any sport ?
What is the explanation of the US constitution?
could I have an STD?
Fishing line?
What does PDA mean to you?
where is the best place to find toddler girls NFL clothing?
where can I find a basketball team in Malaysia?
Should I homeschool?
What did Jesus mean when He said these words?
Is Sharon L. Davis on the board of commerce?
I need a template to print on labels.?
need advice????
Who invented the internet?
I  had a girlfriend 4 two years before we broke up?
How can you keep your teeth sparkling clean?
who will win the game tomorrow oilers or hucanes?
Which scientists discovered the structure of the atom?
who is the happiest man on earth?
where can i get the driver for bluetooth class 1 device?
what is the path that air takes to and from the lungs?
Do husbands make good bullfighters?
what is tobacco?
Can people who are executed be organ donors?
Would we all agree?
Do you believe Jesus was weak and emaciated?
how does employment at will doctrine work in Florida?
How do you help someone who no longer wants to be gay?
How do people come up with word retardation?
Tips for acceleration exam in high school?
Where can i purchase a yao ming china jersey?
What are thr benefits of taking flax seed oil?
I recently downloaded the beta of Internet Explorer 7?
can i look at county inmates mugshots?
how long do you sleep?
Ladies, ever been on a crowded bus, subway, train?
Match of the Day pundits?
Where are the best colleges for music education in the United States?
upgrading laptop battery?
Who is better Tom Brady or Peyton Manning?
christians...important question here...?
What is the heaviest insect in the world?
who has information about Korea and the NSC 68?
Why is Delal so gay???
sex power by herbal treatment?
what could be behind you all the time?
What are principles of the united states constitution?
I need a term paper of 15 pages in economics?
do you think chemistry  can solve environmental problem?
how does a person get into the singing business?
What top 3 things would older people need or want?
Who got voted off of Americas Next top Model last night?
why is sex before marriage a good or bad thing?
Raise in Hazardous Duty Pay?
What is 7 divided by 8 2/5 =?
Last Wade drive of game 5!?
what is this?
Career Guidance question...?
moose insurance?
How much is a Groat worth in todays currency?
Did YOU know that god is only a fairy tale dude?
Who did providian get bought out by?
do pheromones work?
what the hell is dejav u?
have to do a project in school?
What is the heat capacity of water as compared to acetone?
a store owner.........?
What's so unusual?
Is anyone better than #20...Tony Stewart?
How much do you care about our country?
Politically, are Party Bosses the same as Party Leaders?
how can i find out if someone was arrested and in jail?
Which is sexier, tall women or short?
What's up with him?
Crime in the society?
If your bf was in jail?
How much time do you spend in the Word?
What color is "Tony the Tiger's" nose?
university entrance examination in China Eng?
Who do you like better Nick or Jessica?
What's a double blind study?
is there alot of basketball fans here?
What do about a heartbreak?
before trains what did tornadoes sound like?
Do you watch More TV or your computer?
I like this girl alot!?
How can I get my wife's pass word?
Bleached teeth: Does it work for heavy smokers?
how do i stop snooring?
Is Montreal a city that?
why thers no friendster today?
Did you find your true love by looking or not looking?
What is the Bridge to Nowhere?
What the name of this song and who sings it?
Does anyone know a online website that sales Apple computers for less?
get hit by dick butkus or a semi truck?
how many times can a guy cum?
Are there correspondence courses on Intelligence?
Anyone have at home treatments for injured sciatic nerve?
help boyfriend problem?
what are health benefits of lemons?
halo 2 mod files?
Is Norway a member of the E.U.?
why oh why?
Why are men so stupid?
i want to get a pakistanian real friend?
Funny quote?
Last names starting with W and ending With T that is German?
Review on Casino Royale?
Birthday gift for a 15 year old boy?
My psycho brother like my best friend?
how to check the speed of the processor?
The Detroit Lions Winning Super Bowl XLI?
Do You Think Its Human Nature To Love Humans?
can't access yahoo rooms?
list of management college in delhi with their address?
what do you think....?
tom lee health and eph200?
What do you think is the best music creation software?
How can I guess someone else's thoughts without asking?
what do these lyrics mean?
Fill in the blank where is or whatever happen to?
i need to find a site that uses too many graphics.?
How do you heal a cut on your lips quickly and effectively?
The best line from a song?
has the job market picked up since 2000?
Can Hep C be transmitted sexually?
How does RAP MUSIC affect the attitudes of individuals?
How could USA lose?
England to Win?
Do women like firemen?
Which University is the highest rated university in the world?
how long does gunpower residue last on human skin?
why is my life crap?
I'm doughting Christianity!?
is there any medication to increase sperm count and fertility?
What is the oldest rock in the Grand Canyon?
Boothster’s Rock Question of the Day?
what is the real cause of blood pressure problem?
What do you recommend for eczema in toddlers?
Swimming Question?
what does pegan mean?
Hmm-not sure what I did here, anyone help?
Where is my boyfriend?
How can I be more seductive and appealing to my boyfriend?
a person have next birth?
what is good for constipation?
what are the charatisics of living things?
What is your idea of heaven on earth?
Why does hot mustard give me that pain between the eyes?
Help! Anyone know how to speak Russian?
what is work-in-process inventory?
what can we do about overpopulation in asia?
how much is enuf for kegel?
Do you believe that evil is the half of the perfect sphere?
local studies of an antenna?
which is the world's biggest number???
Is the Chapstick Church Real?
000000 fraction?
Where is Republic of Moldova and what do you know about it?
Why do conservatives feel the need?
I'm looking for blog friends...Interested?
Is Ron Artest playing tonight.?
Open for suggestions and ideas:)?
Titration Problem!?
citalopram!?
why does xanga freeze every time i get on it?
How do i get girls to like me?
what is the name of  male bug ?
can any 1 tell about the development of india?
what is the melting point of neon?
how share price changes?
Cameras in concerts?
How should be a boyfriend?
where can i find people to chat  with in new york?
when did the indianapolis  colts start?
Do you think your kinky ?
what are all the deises?
what movie should i go watch to the movies this weekend?
genetic history?
Can you write a ballad?
what size jets for a 150 shot wet system nos?
I am looking for a job in Japan?
Are we an illegal couple?
define the gradation of an aggregate?
Will you try a dream experiment and then post the results?
how much does the fattest guy on earth weigh?
How do you stay motivated?  Need tips...?
Could I be bipolar?
How many liters of lubrican in a ton?
is this nature really?
Blonde joke anyone?
Who is #20 on the ou sooners football team?
is presidents bush's daughter sexy?
how to get rid  of swimming injuries to shoulders?
zip code for ocean city md?
how to make easy money?
does anyone have good websites on real witch craft info ect?
Do you have any stereotypes of fencing?
Is his past too much to let go of?
Where is the best place to buy hippie clothes?
Where can I report a person for VA fraud?
What are the determinants of the demand for healthcare?
Which of the following sentences uses the best close-up words?
what is the best treasury note I can buy my infant son?
Do you still have your wisdom teeth?
If you recorded what you said when you were drunk?
what is the direct effect of paper to us?
Limewire Columns??
can any one prove that 1+1=0?
If you could start a public holiday...?
Can the Chicago Bears do it?
The click five or Fall Out Boy?
I want the latest rates of the celeron laptop.?
Does AFI play their entire CD at their shows?
What does the Bill of Rights protect us "from"  ?
Why are Italian men so sexy?
Are you afraid of your sexuality?
How can i show my girlfriend how much i really love her?
What is it like to be  Medic?
Why do men call woman crazy when you prove them wrong?
who hates short people?
Do you like learn Persian?
Are you afraid of death???If so why??
How do I cure my gallstones?
Whose going to win American Inventor?
Does lower price mean less value or quality?
Is pokemon card game outdated? Why?
what is the best dating site?
Please Help ? My first website ! any advice ???
Like in human beings does animals have blood type?
The latest Tom Cruise flick any good?
what channel and time does ecw come on.?
is faith, destiny and god related? if so how?
My 40GB Harddisk shows only 32 GB!?
UK Taxation : What is exactly a benefit in kind?
the advantage of getting a college education?
Would you rather be overly fat or scary skinny?
Why won,t my printer work?
Legality of GBL in Belgium?
is it possible to learn java at yahoo mail?
want to know about W.B.C.S?
Copyright Question.?
Please Rate This Poem 1 being bad 10 being awesome?
Does anyone know if...?
how many times was david rizzio stabbed?
What is the definication of sliceing on web designing?
Do stars still twinkle when you're in space?
where can i buy voss water?
Dragon force?
Turks are Iranian or Arabian? what are they?
Dirk or Lebron?
when is the best time to take vitamin c?
what is biometrics?
WHo resolves conflicts between liberty and order?
Who is the president of the South African Football Association?
How do I turn my external HD into a backup HD?
Why are guys horrible to gals?
this is a sex question HELP!!!?
Should I move on or try and hook back up with her?
Who is the best hand?
Who's better? Reggie Miller or Steve Nash?
Who is the hottest singer in the world ?
WHy do they do this?!?
what is the four step process for writing?
Question for Republicans on the National Debt?
How would I be able to get your DSL service?
Where is Kenny Pratt, formerly of Iowa State, these days?
How i'll sharpe my career edge?
how is rickettsiae different from other organisms?
whats your take on the war do you agree or disagree?
How do you think about designer baby?
about how much do Veteranians make?
what is not verbal learning?
Will i be given a student visa????
How do you make yourself puke?
Polystic ovaries?
french question?
Did you ever just hate your own kids?
Does silicon implants have any side effects to our health?
what is the use of tecnology in agriculture?
what is an item that is about a yard?
i found a online surcey company does it work?
need help making html to download a file on my server?
has anybody heard the new tech n9ne cd?
What is a googleplex?
cannot browse by zipcode on myspace?
what is the largest natural water feature on australia?
does anyone know how i can find someone by their full name?
Can you answer this?
what is iskcon?
how does a man feel?
How important are robots in the world we live in?
More earth science help!?
what is rc nirro fule?
What is the most download video on Internet?
What happens to a heartbeat during a stroke?
Screwy people?
What is the population of kenya?
Hey Girls what do you consider your dream guy.?
which climatic zone is tundra in?
what is the bit rate used on professionally recorded audio cds?
Everyone answer! What is your favorite...?
Do you know Christ as your personal savior?
do grandparents have visitation rights in the state of virginia?
Anyone know anything about printing through a wireless router?
I need help losing a lot of weight!?
Do people die as soon as they get decapitated?
How do you get around Be Safe internet blocker?
Can I please get some tips for becoming an actress?
analogies anyone?
Would you join a "church" if it had these ideas?
What are some characteristics of good communication?
Blank ballot paper where can I ideas?
Why are kids my age lacking in culture?
What Happened to Son of Dork?
Church and State are we going to far?
how do you say money in old french?
Does any one belive in Fate?
I'm trying to lose weight!!????
Text messaging etiquette?
Why didn't Bill Clinton campaign for Al Gore in 2002?
sinuses problems?
redistribution of income in favour of the mass?
What do you think of Malcolm X now?
Which of the following functions is odd? and why?
what are the nyc tenants against tenants rights?
what is the story of how mona lisa was made?
Does Hoodia really work?
You got to tell me if this is true !!?
What is the definition of "Rich"?
What is the 'haram sheriff'?
Why haven't we captured Osama bin Laden?
What is the best way to normalize your weight?
How is krypton important to humans?
Who is Leroy Anthony Hill Jr?
tell me  girl is beautiful or love is beautiful ?
the treaty of versailles mock exam?
How do I remove my sbc yahoo messenger?
How do I get the bearings out of my skateboard wheels?
How many cells are there in an Excel worksheet?
How many blogs are there?
How much bandwidth does Google use in a day?
Am I Bisexual?
Good Spanish &#92; Latin Christian Pop?
where can I buy real madrid clothing for infants?
who were the members of Black Sabbath?
are lysosomes certain types of vesicles?
ok what the hell is the  language etruscan?
strange bump?
Help me learn Romanian?
What was the 1st, monothiest society?
are international drivers licenses legal in the usa?
what is ADSL ?
shaving bumps? how can i prevent them?
What are some good sources of protein?
Is Citroen returning to WRC next year?
how do you make some good friends online?
What is the difference between a comprehensive essay and other types?
Whats the best way to study for a test?
Indentify methods of preventing importation of computer viruses?
Factoring Homework Help?
I need a short poem for my supervisor?
What is the value of signed Ozzfest books?
does medicare pay for kidney transplants?
Where Will Kevin Garnett Be Next Year????
What do you think is the most beautiful language inthe world?
Which river is best for trout fishing in Northern California?
How many clouds formations can you name?
can younger kids understand babys when they talk?
Can illigal immigrants collect child support?
how can i get custody of my daughter?
pls give the solution...?
how can i get in great shape in 33 days?
Summer Sports.?
How old is Ryan Seacrest?
how does a microphone works?
illegals should have no rights, correct?
How do I anonymise my internet activity?
What is the color of atomic particles?
i am confused with this math problem can u help me?
what does electromagnetic mean?
Why are humans related to monarchs?
White Poppies?
what are the causes of labour turnover?
Did Tamila Mann pass away?
Who were the soccer player/players of the Millennium?
When did the first DNA form in this planet?
Is Bush going to pass the new immigration law?
so I can keep my laptop on ?
Doesn't it annoy you...?
what causes the rolling of thunder?
does a killer whale eat other whales?
What is the best natural way to treat razor bumps?
Is surpluses a real word?
Bible Verse.....?
Pls give me details about graduate studies in pharmacy in USA?
OK, same question, different words...?
Where should I go, and what should I do?
What is the square root of 69?
does it snow in japan?
Who were the first 15 Nobel Piece Prize winners for Physics?
What's good remedy for a chest cold?
How to use Combined Gas Law to solve this?
which site provide free driver download without be a member?
why do people like to ask silly questions (including me)?
How much money do teachers make in a year?
Who will meet in the finals of the 2006 football world cup?
how do I keep my feet warm when I go snowboarding?
card probability, does anyone know it?
gun shows at reno Hilton?
Inmates on Deathrow (Electric Chair)?
wahoo fishing?
Have there been human races classified at different points in evolution?
what do you think about jamaica?
anyone interested in classic bicycle?
What will be the entries for income tax due and payable?
Should Euthanasia be legal?
What is the best way of writing a debate?
What happeens at a montesson school?
how many gallons does 60 ounces make?
No one in the world can answer this one?
how can i get a cash loan with realy bad credit?
Have you ever fought with an inanimate object?
Question for SUPER Mario 64 ds?
Can anyone recommend a good movie--new or old?
doug williams first black QB?
Do you shop online?
Who is going to be the Dallas Cowboys star player in 2006?
What is Pluto's density?
please help me?
how did they prove the big bang theory wrong?
who thinks simon is very insultive?
has it become abusive to talk about cultural things in Canada?
how much does earth weigh?
How can you cure depression?
what is melavonic acid pathway?
Body Language - How did I do on my date?
Help me please?
When does this mean!?!?
How do I fix browser settings on my computer?
Aimez vous toujours le foot?
Who do u think the Heat would draft this year??
is Croatia trade based or agriculture based economy?
Do you believe in Ghosts? Have you ever seen one?
What should I include in my personal statement for a scholarship application?
Is it my confidence thats stopping me?
Why Mark Henry likes injuring his opponents?
What kind of salt should you use in summer?
Customer Service?
Who else loves the movie Predator?
how long it takes to be a dentist?
why does Love mean zero in tennis(English scoring)?
Is the land surveying career really a good money making job?
English for special purposes?
what is sleeping paralysis?
A phobia from dentists?
oh help please?
I want someone's e-mail address anyone know it?
evaluate exactly sec 135*?
what is the lowest level of sound people can hear?
Jesus???????
Wg111 error findin ip adress?
what was steve young's 40 yard dash?
How to save PowerPoint presentation onto CD-R?
Have you ever been bitten or attacked by an animal?
doctor gupta we know what he's upta?
guitar tablature?
what are the phone numbers of pakistan cricket players?
Is it possible for a Military Transport aircraft....?
what are the results of this week's matches?
please  tell me the name of forces acting during cell division?
tell me something i don't know?
What do you do...?
what would you do??
What does PRI stand for?
What is Excessive daytime sleepiness??
whats underneth your tounge?
Could a president pardon himself?
Age difference when girl is older than the guy?
Who is George E. Alcorn?
how long would my relationship last?
any good house disign programs you can download free?
who was the father of surgery?
what are the advantages of rational exponents over the radical sign?
LAKER FANS!   Which tickets should I buy?
Is it legal in any state to smoke marijuana?
Is Ice really lighter than water?
I've no question. What can I ask?
Help!!!???!!!?
What do you think about legalizing Marijuana???
who will be the most expensive player in next season ?
does anyone know how to get aim im without the whole packet?
Who is David Oyedepo?
How old do you have to be to cash in bonds?
Whatever happened to the first lead guitarist of Chicago?
How long does an adult mistimor stay on a record?
Why did we wait so long to get rid of Saddam Hussein?
Did you remove your tonsils?
what if you had a child then what would u name it?
Why does person turn blue when he/she dies?
where is  ashwood university?
Should i change jobs?
Le meilleur entraineur de la coupe?
Who would you believe? read on?
when will the iraqi blood stop flowing?
Why is the grass green and the sky blue?
how can i get a free domain name?
what is empiricism?
What did everyone eat for 150 days on the Ark.?
Why does everybody like Inuyasha so much?
why do some people just report people for doing nothing wrong?
bought a cd from ebay, never received?
Just the girl iam looking for?
How can i reduce weight from my tummy?
what do you think about...?
How do I stop programs automatically starting up in my task bar?
whats sceince?
Guys, what is the best technique for masturbation?
Why are some people just not nice?
Can you drink soda on coffee breaks?
box making machines called emmecci?
What is meandering?
Is a 1934 five dolar bill worth any money?
Anyone have any UNIQUE christmas gift ideas?
Will a female US President ever pose nude in the Oval Office?
What is the best place in Bangalore to buy Cricket gear?
Senior Projects?
define bipolar symptoms?
Who will win the Nextel cup this year...?
When does a soul enter a human body?
Yeah tell me plz?
Property Investments in Mexico any insite or web sites known?
who has a lot of naruto hentai?
How do you talk to a guy without being really scared?
what icon is this?
friends revisited connecting old school friends?
what are some of your favorite websites?
how far away is the moon from the earth??
How much do i tip a tattoo artist?
Growing Economy?
What's your favourite type of music???
A Serious Question For Mormons:?
what are your names of who live in avon lake OH?
Who are the real Radiohead fans?
do u think that emily james is awesome?
Why is Mistress Elizabeth Lacey the best dom?
What does it mean to 'get something off your chest'?
how to sell a product to a supermarket?
How do  I obtain my Medcial Records?
who is Aceton?
Will you do something for me?
Vista????????
should there b reservation or not in medical science?
i want to lose about 20 pounds--help!?
who do you think will win the 2006 soccer world cup?
What is your political standing?
who is the best baseball team in this decade so far?
help me...?
Is Pineapple Good for the Lungs?
what is the website address from amazon australia?
what is a good screen capture program?
Am I wrong if I said I wanted to wait for her?
solar energy?
What is GURES?
what site can i get an Audio Generator?
what is number 2 pencil?
Exp #1 - Do you have Dual Monitors?
Do you think old Indian traditions are slowly disappearing?
Are online life experience degrees recognised as much as a traditional degree?
asp.net connection string for SQL Server?
How do you control your urges?
what does it mean National cadet corpse?
Question for straight guys...?
Who knows their IQ??
what is a heart murmur?
What is an effective means of removing mold?
for monotheists?
Why do players only love you when they're playing?
243 blood sugar what is required to reduce it?
today i am looking for a man...?
Any good part time job?
where can i find camo business cards?
silliest ebay auctions seen?
Real World: Chicago?
Would you date someone who...?
Is your name Leo Gallagher?
Do you know who I am?
How can you locate/view a G-Spot ?
Are driving shoes ok to wear?
who is Quaid-e-Azam?
the down side of takeing asperin every day?
How long does a full moon last?
Are there any languages similar to Spanish that I can learn?
what is earth?
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
What to do for a pulled muscle (read more)?
Do you hate the internet talk?
how good are the maple leafs?
how to get a job?
how can i ask my mom?
change in period?
Spider Veins???
do you guys know what nayeli means?
U.S. Policies?
what really pisses you off?
I need to know?
Bookkeeping/Accounting issues?
Do you know, what or where is Mr.  Blue Sky ?
All Muslims are depressed? I disagree?
why is the Earth not at the centre of the Solar System?
how to update or upload new information on your website.?
How many people attended the 2006 superbowl?
wich country is fisrt to win the would cup?
Who said this?
Should the US Navy reactivate their battleships?
Is Casino Royale first James Bond movie with nudity?
how often do police officers have to take drug tests?
is torture ever morally acceptable?
to move on or not...?
How can you tell if a house is haunted?
slope rating for golf courses?
does smegma smell?
Anyone hear of Equity Sharing for purchasing a home??
what is mount saint helen like?
how do you find the volum of a phere?
can recruiter check personal financial information when hiring?
Did you know that Bush is a four letter word?
what is term 'presentation of data'?
any body got gerard way pics?
Is fantasizing cheating?
Do ghosts exist in religious documentation?
How can I drop 13 pounds without taking pills or starving myself?
Eric Lindros in a Blue Jays uniform...?
GPA 3.7 transfer to universities?
Is 666 really the Devil's area code?
live and learn or love and learn? reson?
how do l tell him off?
What was the Secret Service code name for President Bill Clinton?
Taking lots of supplements Good for u?
Which is the right religion? Why?
Where can i find a list of spanish songs?
What country was Costinha born?
baby sitting?
Do you think cardiff city will reach the prem?
Is your fart really explosive?
What medicines are prescribed for high blood pressure?
Anyone on accutane ?
why do men do nothing round the house?
alternative treatment for tmj disease?
Have read about.....?
Why would you assume that there has to be a creator?
has this one been asked before?
Why are black man muscular?Can asians have muscles?
Is algebra going to REALLY help you in life?
Have you seen my cat?
What is your favorite Baseball Team?
why I suffer from frequent headache and eye pains?
Dose every child has a right to a meaningful life?
Does political correctness reinforce a racial double standard?
what is the lewis structure for GaI3?
Situation about HIV?
what ammendments are considered the second constitution??
Can you ever win an argument with an athiest?
Missing yours...?
What is the best "learn to speak Spanish" computer program?
Remove Norton Internet Securty?
what is the temperature of liquid nitrogen?
how is a mountain differnt from a platues?
What is a 'buyback' in sportscard terminology?
How about a truce?
Are you a smoker?
where can i get liquid nitrogen?
Any help on sister-brother relations contact me?
where do I download free hindi songs ringtones?
Preventing Madras eye?
Someone said to me i am a "Chingona"?
why people dont invest on ecuador eurobonds?
do yall think gay people should exist?
what is a phobia of midgets called?
whats the meaning of the name tanya?
I need to sell my house asap!?
What does the color coding of the Ikea employees mean?
What date of the year has the least number of birthdays?
What is Phyletic diversity?
do u beleive in horoscopes?
ppl work because they need money to live?
how do you create a video game?
Can you Decide???
Who do you want to win?
what is love?
Liberals, are you upset with John Kerry?
Should voting be compulsory?
Who is the best in WWE?
who won the 2nd crusade?
cost of yamaha electric guitar rgx 312?
How to take Steam bath & Sauna.?
how many people have a LiveJournal account?
y m i still single?
What causes the leaves on trees to change color in the fall?
more help plz!?
What action could you never forgive?
when dose the nfl start this year?
Math Question.Can you help me with it?
who thinks math sucks?
Pick one...?
Does pain in ribs mean there is something wrong?
English Australia as default setting?
Why do my eyes water?
Are we all going to respect each other tomorrow night?
what is ebita margin?
Gay men what would you do ?
What is the fuel efficiency of a 2000 chevy metro?
Help with a log equation?
How to force others to tell out their secrets?
Who shot Meshak Bernard in Handsworth (uk)?
how do crooks print  counterfeit money?
ok i asked a question just now im gonna ask it again?
What exactly is the abdomen?
How do i use pagination on a leaflet?
What is the 6th dimension ?
ding dong i say!?
Is HCN & OCS molecules chiral?
who's got coffee ready?
what are the different types of waveforms in electrical circuit?
is cheche fat?
How old is too old for braces?
Why is a computer keyboard designed like QWERTY?
How much does Lance Armstrong weigh?
can someone translate please from spanish?
what is the proses in nature that makes it hail?
how do i find a map of california?
What is the easiest music imput computer program?
what is HVAC ?
anyone 21 and over?
i still need help?
Are the Democrats who won yesterday liberal, moderate or conservative?
How do I overcome fear?
what universities offer a four year program in medical technology?
why man have putty?
How much memory does your USB /Jump Drive have?
Great ways to put your mind off of things?
crying hurts?
if you where a car what kind of car would you be?
were is the USB port on my DELL computer?
how do i make out with a girl?
what percentage of voters that were not against gay marriage?
What is gigolo?
Can Texas Tech High School students be on myspace?
does a political process exist in autocratic gov?
could aaliyah have survived that plane crash.?
What is C&F C5% term in international business?
What does it mean to be a Spiritualist?
Does the Mexican government sell or give land to Mexicans?
Does anyone know where I can find a turtleneck sweatshirt?
How are World Cup National Teams Comprised?
weight loss question?
How can I recycle my trash in Singapore?
what are the critical tasks of a professional manager?
how to convert  mp3 to m3u?
Rocket Science?
what does   rap   stand for   -  retards attempting poetry ?
Why do people vote against property tax freezes?
How is dancing a good excercise?
Can someone explain the theory of e=mc2?
Exact geographical locations of heaven and hell please?
anime friend?
What improves hearing?
HAS anyone outthere been "beamed up" ?
what type of track spikes do i need?
Does menapause cause dry eye?
can parallel lines intesect?
Why are townhomes priced considerably lower than single family homes?
ask me some question?what tou wants to know?
What spiritual pains do most people suffer ?
How do I ask people to study without being to pushy?
Do tarot cards really work?
Metro-accesible horse stables in Washington DC?
What's the divisibility rule for 36?
Religious Army..?
What happened in the movie High Crimes (2002)?
Why are some people Christians?
Why are our boogers green?
why is venus a important planet?
Minor league baseball tryouts?
is it bad to be jewish?
Which Team placed 4th in the 1994 World Cup in the USA?
Why am I getting to all of these arguments lately?
who is top scorer in odi cricket?
Ok, stereotypical question?
Can I find Virginia public records online?
best treatment for severe exzema?
Matter and Antimatter testing?
Why do doctors just give away depression medicine?
Is platinum more expensive than gold?
what is schmagma?
Computer Virus?
How to start 3D animations ?
What's the time difference between France and America?
If you bake playdough, will it harden?
why can't i seem to shake this chest cold?
HOw do blind people pay?
do i need to go at our prom?
Does going to church really help people get closer to God?
in xoxoxo what does x stand for?
Will there ever be an African America president?
new  reaserchchemistry?
do you care what other people think about you?
Girls we like you?
rap or rock?
What is big brother all about!?
What are the advantages of tempered glass?
Whats the difference between lumber and timber?
What was the first anesthetic? Who developed it?
do the benefits of sperm banks outweigh the possible problems?
Smoking....?
how old are you?
how many calories do you burn every step walking?
how can i relax more and not get angry so easily??
is there away to make something -38F?
what does "NACE" instead for?
Which country has the largest number of languages?
Who discovered Jasmine Flowers?
Any suggestions on which college I should pick?
help with ideas on essay?
How can any religion support letting kids survive childhood?
Is Dancing with the Stars supposed to be back for another season?
Which 5 movies would you recommend to a deep thinker?
Where is the nanotechnology going?
Okay, Whatever happened to Colin Powell?
Is there such a thing as a computer killer virus?
college interview, what to expect?
how many bones are in a body?
have you ever went swimming at blue hole?
How can your friend now want to become your lover?
how do you make a fast propeller vehicle?
How can i copy a different region dvd?
Why doesn't the sun burn up?
Is it a sin to play the lottery?
what is the term "Chalk" in horse racing.?
Who is ur favorite rock band?
what classes do i need to become an forensic scientist?
Amendments to the Constitution Question?
Have you ever felt like a hypocrite?
In what direction does a cyclone rotate in the Northern Hemisphere?
What team will win Major League Baseball World Series in 2006?
alexa related spyware/adware?
What do you guys think?
What are the important facts on the heliocentric theory?
Birthday/Friends?
What prouducts are made from bamboo?
What are your thoughts on Meetup.com?
What happens if you suddenly come off Anti Depressants?
why did usa attack in iran?
where do i find the lipper average for mutual funds?
For Country Music and Keith Urban Fans Only!?
latest score tonbridge v dover?
Please I need help??
any place to know about computer hardware ???
What are sawed-off guns?
why is soil called a natural resource?
What should i do?
Who were the first people  to SETTLE in Nevada?
If a Pope resigned how would it affect your faith?
whats so great about god?
what are some ways to tell if your man is losing interest?
Can anyone name one of Peter Doherty's songs?
Why do women have it so good over men?
What to chose??
What should i call my band?
What do I do for st. V's day?
how do u know if a boy likes u?
Should I move to sussex county delaware?
do u believe in MERMAIDS????
1 degree centigrade= ferhenite?
Did you have a perfect holiday?How it was?
How do I make my booty grow?
Best way to care for my retainer?
Internet predators/child molesters?
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration .?
please solve my strange problem?
what is liverpool fc record in europe?
i cant lose weight no joke at all?
How can I tell if my desktop has a wireless adaptor?
can you get high smoking marijuana on your first time?
Catholicism?
what form of hockey uses a two pound puck?
is eating meat on a daily basis good for losing weight?
What are the thirteen-later books of the Bible?
How is manganese chloride manufactured?
Who do you think is translating the dead sea scrolls?
I want more information about kind of verisign security service?
why do plants need ATP from cellular respiration?
Hai i ma learning perl. Can any one help?
how much should i sell my computer for on ebay?
Why are jodhpurs called  jodhpurs?
Gas Prices, Does anyone else feel helpless?
when were you born?
ct.docs how can i find?
Can people get your email adress if you have it hidden?
How many gallons are in 60 ounces?
How can I construct a temperature-dependent timer?
What is the best natural way to whiten teeth?
head pains?
Do you defecate at work, in public restrooms?
What are the stages of gunpowder exploding?
If you speak spanish and watch it in univision!?
Why does Deamer suck so bad?
how often is there a world cup?
do you believe in ghosts?
where do Americans stand?
how do you host a download on your site?
why a magnet when freely suspended rests in north-south direction?
how do i get a yahoo account for free?
who is martin nance going to?
Were looking for two good things?
what do you prefer guys, boobies or buttocks?
how can I temporarily close the yahoo task bar?
who first discovered the ring tones idea?
What is Silly Putty made out of?
Why is it that I cannot bite my elbow?
Wireless Connectivity?
Is verizon wireless part of vodafone?
has anybody heard of essure permanent birth control?
What boxers and boxing personalities do you believe resemble other celebrities?
What is the best way to improve my website ranking?
how do you help stretch marks to fade or go away?
how to get out of school for a day?
iraq and military?
Are you supposed 2 shave your pubic hair?
Information on Elizabeth Hamilton, writer, and list of her books?
6) How are delegates to conventions selected?
can someone find me info on success stories of wireless networks>?
Any Buddhists frequent here?
is usher raymond really gay?
How can I stay focused on my boring homework?
How do you become a visiting professor?
false suicide attempt and public records?
What is the most expensive home in the State of Ohio?
Is he sincere?
What are words for Titles of Leaders?
What do you receive on your birthday?
what makes up spider webs and hair?
How difficult and competitive are these pharmacy schools in the US?
How do i download and use a bit torrent.?
What's the meaning of UTP?
what do you think about iDirect or Hughes?
Salaries of SAP implementation expert?
Hello people help if u can i would thank you?
How do  i lose thigh fat?
what si SDRAM ?
what is the enzymes roles in medical?
what do you know about Syria?
CrZy 'bout this girl?
who is the prime minister of cambodia?
how does an egg shell behave in an acid enviorment?
what are the best web sites?
Does anyone know what earth day is?
NFL rule question?
what is life?
LEXX discbrake rotor website?
what are the applications of relative files in  COBOL?
if a guy doesnt call you back?
swallow a contact lens dangerous?
How do I find out who the publisher of a song is?
how do attact hot guys?????
how can you break an old whores habits???
What is true love at first sight?
Has anyone found a red-eye reduction programme that actually works?
im just wondering (guys only)?
Who wins this Royal Rumble (Final 8 participants)?
where can I get a upside down font?
Why is multiprogramming used?
What is Jack's last name?
How does sexual urge emanate?
What do you get a guy for your year anniversary?
How can two computers get connected at home?
What are the Raven Populations as of 2006?
how do u no when your in love?
Question about Army Ground Equipment?
x-6-3(x-8)>0?
am i a libra?
Da li neko pise srpski?
what is the use of the vault of AVG?
what music did Lysacek skate to tonight?
Why do horses attract Mosquito?
How will History judge Paul Martin?
Am I In Trouble?
help with this one please!?
what are pains associated with a broken wrist?
can you use msn messenger on an apple laptop?
Do homosexual penguins go to hell, in your opinion?
Are there any Wal-Mart Distribution Centers in Mississippi?
Why is Islam the fastest growing religion in the world?
rules in playing arnis?
Does Japan dislike the United States?
How are YOU???
What zodiac sign are you?
Have u seen this? check it out.?
In your definition, whats the meaning of life?
How can i make an image like this if so what program?
can you explain this "old people" joke?
What is Galaxy?
citalopram (UK)?
Do we need another revolution?
How do I know?
what is the best way to make a deal with your parents?
how does starbucks create brand equity?
What the best way to fight terrorism?
would 11pm be considered afternoon?
why soccer is famous but so boring to watch on tv?
Why We People On Eart Want To Know About Other World?
How many percent of girls are virgine when they marry?
My computer freezes.Whats wrong with it?
how many people will watch the world cup on televison?
Period Clotting?
how can i make myself look good???
who makes DrySport™ shirts?
how do u separate kerosene oil+ water?
How to Call in Sick When I Just Need a Day Off?
How to help my child for speech?
"What are the characteristics of a recognizable face?"?
What date do we set our clocks ahead ?
how many different languages has left behind been published in?
is the song forever girl by q of 112?
Okay Last Time?
Did Jesus experience sexual urge?
Am I making the right choices in my career?
..!?Do you like snow?!..?
how and when did you lost your virginity?
Re:- Women?
what kind of water must be used in medical preparations and why?
Looking for textbook authors?
How do I burn VCD's?
tell something about kidney stone?
what are characteristics of connectors?
mickie james?
Noah question again?
Anybody born on July 14th??
who i can get a student visa for UK?
will brett favre  come back for another season?
where goes the ecu for vw jetta?
How do you know when you are really in love?
What is an example of newtons 1st law?
Where the name Britain come from?
Who is nick cannon dating?
can any one have two souls according to the bible?
Does it bother you....?
1.65 meters?
What should I do now that I know she likes me?
what is my scanner engine??
Does anyone like the raw opening song?
ladies do you like to give hand-jobs to your partner ?
Who's your favorite singer?
Pleas help with my STSE?
why do men says no "woman no cry"?
Keep New Job?
Windows XP or Vista?
How Is Samarium extracted and purified?
when is miami vice season 3 coming out?
do dental veeners hurt, preparation and surgery?
What was the original capital of the United States?
How can light propagate in an empty space?
i am looking for tenant rights in cape coral floruda?
LOOK PEOPLe.?
will a hurricane hit long island?
When is the Raptor coming?
A-ROD and the fans?
What are the causes and symptoms of gas troubles?
How to get a red wine stain off green t-shirt?
Has anyone anything special planned for remembrance day ?
BUsh VS GoD?
Christ or anti-Christ?
where can I find a commissioner of oaths?
what do people like about commercial music?
what do you know about the chupa cabra?
has any one heard the song "clocks" by coldplay?
does Luisiana have a nickname?
as a recovering republican i must say this?
What can I do to get my computer to hibernate?
Why is it all so unfair?????
what do i do about itching and flaking ears?
Please help me! I'm going crazy here!?
help with this math problem?
Oh Crap She's Here!!?
Architecture major: BA or BS?
Are Chelsea the best?
What if the war was in America?
Who was Carter Dean?
Have you ever had a dream that you were the opposite sex?
What did you do with a liberal arts degree?
i cant get voice in chat?
Do you want to see GOOD NEWS?
what is friction? please help...?
Will you be my valentine?
What time is it in Europe now?
can someone give me a thesis statement?
what will be 2007 cost of living interest rate?
What's your favorite Star Trek:Voyager episode?
Where can I search for any book and buy it?
Which word souds better?
do i need high school diploma to get scholarship?
Question about chromatography?
Do you kow how the dengue rubber band test works?
What is middle school like?
What is Argentina's National Anthem?¿?
the expansion of acrobat pdf?
Show me the Money What do you think of it?
What is your opinion of Scientology??
The political and Social sides of the Minoans?
How do I make my Internet go faster?
looking for friends?
can you tell me about a totally free study guide website?
Can you lose weight by eating one meal a day?
Women owning cars, property?
L690 on this pill I found...?
D Generation X has united tellme you coments now?
which is the city the capital if pakistan?
Why do we call poor countries, "third world?"?
Has anyone ever seen Kingdom Hospital?
MySpace Question.,.,?
Did the band Live ask Chris Daughtry to join?
Which is worst,  George W. Bush or Michel Jackson?
why does Iexplore cancel my games?
was robin hood a real person?
Instrument players?
Raynaud's Phenomenon?
Can you tell me how to be a good boyfriend?
Any firm religious believers? I have a question.?
what si the healthiest way to lose weight?
Anyone heard Bridget Pross Musician....?
read books about milking cows online?
how do you soothe a burnt tounge?
Where can I find a german Version of Yahoo?
Where can I buy international reply coupons online?
what did the jim crow laws do in the south?
has the nba always allowed zone defense?
can a patato be used to make a battery?
What is the best file compression format?
So what happened with Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Phillippe?
so what should i do?
Are you happy with who got cut on American Idol last night?
What's the command to print in microsoft access?
Where's Waldo?
what is FX Trainer?
What do you think?
who else listens to Bright Eyes???
What do you like most about your job?
Man,what happened to GUNS N ROSES?
What is you biggest Pet Peeve?
Should Bush be impeached?
Can you get backrounds for FREE?
Who earned the better salary last week?
Who is the first cricketer to hit an century?
Is SANTA  still coming?
whats that song name???
How do I tell if a diamond is real or fake?
What causes sores to come on Oscars head?
calculus B tutorials & exams with solution?
is it ok to ask guy come out once a while?
Who is the political leader of Israel?
develpoing human resources?
i need a boyfriend, and i am gay?
Any good FREE FTP programs?
Can skitzofrenia be caused by self harm?
How do I get appointed by the Governor to serve?
who went home on so you think you can dance?
How to find someon?
Is there anything in the Bible against gay people?
epson printer?
how did thanksgiving get started?
Visual Studio .NET and Open Source?
Do cops make good husbands?
who is dating drew fuller?
who's ur fave couple on one tree hill?
How many minutes in a year?
Do you Todd to forgive Blair?
How do I get about reporting on illegal aliens to the government?
How do I redirect an IP address?
question please help?
What's the next big thing in social software?
How can I conserve energy while doing activities such as running?
the best way to have IM or fone sex?
Can drinking too much iced teaaffect your health?
how can i earn money online?
Hall of Catholotrocities/?
Is US loosing its domination in tennis?
the first Arican American to go in outter space?
do you beleive in labels?
how i can design my own helicopter?
enlistment age?
who is the current captain of argentina football?
How many of you feel that God will accept you to Heaven?
What is an example of a bronsted lowry base?
How does the food guide pyramid help you to be healthy?
who is going to win the ncaa tourney?
what is soccer?
Can you grow crystals  with borax?
what is a hair brush used for?
What is the different between discussion and meeting?
for Girls : what is your dream husband be like?
where is the uss oak hill ship?
exsistence of god?
Can someone tell me what medicine to cure nerve problem?
does the garbage in the soil effect the crops grown?
How much money does tiger woods make in one year?
Blonde Joke?
are the horroscopes real?
What does subsequent telephone conversation mean?
who is the best batsmen in the world?
what is the craziest thing youve done for attention?
How to join police force?
define "hot air oven"? in short?
What is the difference between data communication & telecommunication?
How come people assume that everyone from California surfs?
Whats the Draft order for the NFL?
have we forgotten the alamo?
How does one get liverspots?
who has a 6pack in here ?
Do foot detox treatments really work?
Will the USA advance from the group stage at the World Cup?
did spider-man kill gwen stacy?
Shouldnt the conservative republicans support islam?
Chicago Bears BEAR DOWN!?
why does mallika sehrawat not wear clothes?
spain or saudia arabia?
compare and contrast client-side and server-side programming?
can you read my lambs book of life?
who will will the eastern conference finals? heat or pistons?
how do you become a bail bondsmen?
Do you talk to your computer?
i really like this guy?
Where does Congress meet?
How many majos will the great tiger woods win?
what happend to the new yahoo web page?
Is anyone else gonna go and see Snow Patrol in Chicago?
How smoking affects smokers and non-smokers?
Freedom of Expression?  Or should we draw the line somewhere?
Why are people so judgemental ... ?
what is the effects of divorce?
Is teaching really as rewarding as the official website suggests?
please help!! SCIENCE! uni !?
Getting a suntan w/ High SPF sunscreen?
What's the next level after NFL Commissioner?
How do I find out if self sex is for me?
How do I make Internet Explorer my default browser?
how old do you have to be to be a bouncer?
what is homosexual? a disease or not?
best conductor of electricity?
math trivia!!!!!!!?
How do you cure hemmeroids? Seriously!?
lyrics of song?
how do I tell my mom i got my period?
How i connect xp and professional through networking?
If you could be any animal  which would you choose?Why?
Should I let go of the idea of having a wedding?
Embedding media player, get media player status?
How about pun number 2.....?
Louisville of West Virginia? Who is gonna win today?
Countries and symbols, What symbol is associated with US?
Have I told you lately that I love you?
i'm not getting connected to yahoo messenger?
what's a good heart moniter to buy?
How to i gain body weight?
What is the Republican definition of FACT?
Women, what is your biggest fantasy with your man?
Why is chess called a sport?
What is the defination for valency?
Should Kate be with Sawyer or Jack?
Who believes Jesus had a child with Mary Magdeline?
Who is the best footballer in the world?
Isnt It time to put peace keepers over?
who is imam Hossein?
how do you set up the internet on a windows 95 computer?
How are materials exchanged through capillaries?
What is the proverbs 31 woman in your own words?
who's ready for the football season to start?
Is anyone here an absolute Bob Marley fan?
What do u think about American Idol?
whats the worst grade you got? how grounded were u?
What's the geekiest thing about you?
whats mexicos region/environment?
how many presidents were born in California?
Ronaldo...?
How do I stop feedback on my computer microphone?
how do you reinstall graphic card drivers?
can't play yahoo video on xp?
Do you have to break in a softball bat?
prek class things that are wet and things that are dry?
Who will win the American Elections and Why?
What rhymes with ivory?
How do i find out how much my stocks are worth?
Are there any ex members of the Masonic Lodge out there?
What is another good program other then paint for photoshopping?
Download a program that plays IFO dvd files?
I'm so excited about tomorrows game!!?
How are the LA Kings doing this year?
Best value hard drive?
how to read an MS SQL file?
how to reformat in xp?
cheyenne kimball song from episode 2?
Jesus was created by God. Do all Christians believe this ?
What is a legislation? (referring to the federal government)?
Wasn't the new X-men 3 trailer awesome!?
How many times did liverpool won the Fa cup?
the diacritics....?
Do you like this advert?
Why was the declaration of independence written?
how hard is it to get a GED?
where can i find the NBA player Suak menuts?
Why do law students think they are so special?
Have you ever walked down the high street?
How to put a dell insperon 1100 back together?
what does green chemistry include?
Why does it have Thunderstorms?
Drug History?
Is there any jobs out there for me?
Will having my period affect my urine test results?
Google v Yahoo?
how does rejection feel?
do u know where i can get my daughter braces?
Is stubborness a reason to break up with someone?
How can gumamela cure an athlete's foot??
Freddy or Jason?
What's your favorite Adam Sandler movie?
Are you but beautiful?
does war ever has an ending?
what the affect of online games for the students.?
Is an organic substance marked by containing carbon?
Is BZP Legal In Mexico ??
What happened to Brad Knowells from sublime?
Who is the star now?
Logic Question?
what is the best way get rid of debt?
Do Histrionics/bipolars use people?
how to make a buzzer?
international laws to protect freshwater?
motion for nonsuit in divorce?
How safe is the internet for dating and sending out your resume?
What is the best Islamic Terrorist organization?
urine tests?
Network drive integration with Active directory?
My bottom tool bar went away how do I get it back?
Do you question the Holy Bible or the Qu'ran?
Guys:What are you looking for in a girl?
what is a yacun plant?
well i need help with some information with aids/HIV?
what do you think about cancerians?
Is Taiwan a part of Chiina or Not?
What Did I miss in 1988?
how does the volume of a stream affect its flow rate?
Your favourite guitar riff in the whole world?
do you believe this to be truth?
Where can I find AP Statistics multiple choice practice?
what is deviant behavior?
application for portola valley business license?
What is the penicillin cycling technique?
do carrots have carbs?
What and why do youu believe regarding religion?
I would like to contact!?
math question help!!!?
what would be a good theme for mothers day in a bank?
Is 10.5 Apocalypse the worst show ever produced?
is bush serious on nuclear first strike?
mother-in-law?
what is lil jons last name?
who came up with the pulsating universe theory?
Do you think that the USA system of justice is too liberal?
Can anyone tell me about ancient number systems?
what about this ?
when is it better not to use transitions in a powerpoint?
should i call him?
Great Marriage/Relationship?
dominat equestrians?
how do i fix my default webpage?
What's the volume of a sphere 6 feet tall?
Why do we do this?
have many people recorered from addiction without...?
what does a rhode island accent sound like?
who is the father of chemistry?
What anti virus SW works best?
does anyone like....?
Ladies, what side effects have you experienced with birth control pills?
Where does thought come from?
Is their anybody on the chat line to nite?
what were mussolini's affects on the war?
Anybody know of any interesting websites?  Especially with free games?
I have dreams about beavers. What does this mean?
what is the email id of Dr apj kalam?
How can i get rid of my anemia?
Which blood cells would he require to obtain DNA? Why?
What is good way to make extra money?
which guy do i choose?i need reassurance!?
Are the Republicans to be blamed for ANYTHING?
Does the Executive branch of the US government need an overhaul?
i am in franchise bus sinus.is this right ?
what is bio-gas?
What zoo is first in the nation in gorilla births?
Ok I need  kissing advice!?!?!?!?
how old king abdulah is ?
Richest Hiphop musician?
who here likes high school musical?
has anyone gave shots in their butt?
Please help me with my calculus homework!?
Should more than two parties participate in the political process?
how are local governments established?
Why is the sky blue? I just dont understand?
why sexual abuse victims should seek help?
how are differents seeds spread from place to place?
do u prefer looks or personilaty in a friend?
Which Claire Danes's photo do you love? Why?
Can You Seriously Tell Me You Dont Judge?
Superstition?
How should I present myself at a job interview?
What song would you like payed at your funeral?
Whats your favorite songs?
how can I make friends?
what MoS2 means?
free old street maps of SE London?
How do  you apply for the National Defence Medal?
how much snow does it take to create 2 inches of water?
well can I prove God Exist?
what is trading on equity?
Are there really effective fat burners?
abortion dilemna ????
Verity error codes?
Pete Rose - isn't this bogus?
How can I lose healthy weight in two weeks?
Will I be rich before I pass away?
If God appeared to you in person what would you do?
is there a sound virus??
Name of song in Dr. pepper commercial for berries & cream?
How does Donald Trump make his money?
For all of the girls.....?
Can you take Aleve for pain from Shingles?
Who knows what a Jackanape is?
Im looking for someone to HELP build?
Alg. Prob.?
Who's going home on American Idol tonight?
does it hurt to get your tongue pierced?
What is the average I.Q.?
how to create tables in Corel Draw?
how to make UK vat refund complaint?
explain the elements of a radio communication system?
Christians....what happens to people who commit suicide?
What kind of idiot answers a rhetorical question?
what is extrapolation?
What is the coolest job / field and why ?
Read if you are a chick in the Southern Mississippi Area?
Should you be suspended from school for defending yourself in a fight?
Can fat people go skinny-dipping?
Why doesn't George Bush like black people?
I wonder if i still love him...?
y do people do this???
what do you think of the amnesty for immigrants?
tough physics question?
i want to became a good software profession how?
The best  gift for Valentine's day?
How can I get help for my kids this Christmas?
without havin sex?
can Pakistan ever become a democratic country?
Is Tony Robbins the Antichrist?
Are there any websites...?
what does b-12 stand for?
interracial dating, what do ya'll think?
were any of Medusa's victims female?
Wife is not interested in sex anymore...?
Is homeland security watching your pastor ?
best place in florida to buy real estate?
Why does it seem like only men play golf?
do you think...?
Can anyone tell me whats the history of electronics?
please help! should i take the job?
How do to you tell a guy you like him?
What's life like in New York?
what is  the main function of brain?
What are the advantages of being dyslexic?
How many people love coloring books?
boys only please thanks?
Oligarchy: Goverment::?
how do u  make MDMA?
how do u sleep when u are preg?
Why Bush won the elections?
How to keep my man?
Hamlet Act 4 scene 7?
How do you find the most beautiful girl in the world?
what is ur fave tv show ???
Why do you have to urinate right after sex?
I just installed a new product...?
urin is not passing?
what is the best way to motivate a man?
comment trouvé un club ou evolué?
who iz cuter?
who is the African's most finest footballer named by FIFA?
what joke that is mean do i tell to a girl?
Reading historic documents, they mention 800EC. What is EC?
What is your favorite TV programme? Guess Mine..?
north indian race,plzz answer. urgent?
Is Boxing a good idea as a new hobby?
who will win the fifa world cup???
Has anyone bought a house in Turkey?
What does this mean?
Top Model Madness!!!?
PET scans, what are their uses?
What rights do the illegal aliens say they are suppose to have ?
scientific questions!!!need help?
are disc brakes good on bicycles?
How do I type in Japanese using Microsoft Word?
Anyone know of a good website that would help me with chemistry?
Why is Bush against  gay marriage, when his father is gay?
what is the world's smallest continent?
Is Jay Cutler overrated?
Please check out this question...?
What does Kingdom Come mean?
what does jose reina rather be called?
how do i stop bitning the skin around my fingers?
Does he even have the right?
What is HIV?How do people get it?
what is the meaning of smith?
What is Scarlett Johansson's middle name?
How do you think Bartolo Colon will do?
who sang "inside and out"?
Do you  believe we have adequate Homeland Security?
how to prepare in interview in physics?
what is the regular IQ for an 11 year old?
red sox or yankees?
Is it against the Bible to smoke weed?
what does ARS stand for?
how do you get a girlfriend?
do fish swim more in the dark than in the light?
Nanda Devi Mount is in which country?
give some information about water?
Which defense looks good this week?
OK Canadians...?
what was the most embarrasing moment in your life?
is it possible to lose 15 pounds in 12 days?
which division is better in the NHL? east or west?
how far am i into puberty?
What foreign citizens are allowed to serve in the US military?
Whats the name of this song ?
i need clarification about my passport application?
hey girls do you have the NuvaRing?
How many people fought in The Battle of Shiloh?
small breasted women?
Best ways to buy NASCAR tickets...?
where there any athletics from Peru at the 2006 Torino Winter Olympics?
Can someone help me with a math problem?
What is it w/Brazilian woman that American men find attractive?
Continually restarting after a reformat????
Indentions in my shoulder from my bra?
players on a U.S football team?
Can you solve this word puzzle?
why do guys talk about girls they dated on their first date?
who is Jerry John Rawlings?
How to overcome Physical Disabilities in Children ?
why there still anyone need to be winner than loser?
i'm new to relationships and would like some advice?
How can I share Christ with this young person?
help!!!!!!!!!?
How Can I make Christmas Better for my children?
Please help me?
who will win the world cup maths today?
How common is police corruption in the United States?
how to earn money using internet business?
problems facing today's christian teens?
what is paracompactness?
How difficult is it to learn how to play the acoustic guitar?
The product of ethanol and ethanedioic acid?
I have blueyonder broadband?
What are the names of these lawsuits?
the ugly man?
do women get Hor*ey?
will chelski sign shevchenko?
what do you think?
I feel as though something is missing...?
coping brain damage speech 25% damaging?
What was Mainz like in 1400?
how horse power=746watt?
How Do you Figure out people mYspace password??
How do you feel about gay marriage?
How do electronics work?
how to download music to windows media player for free?
When was the last time the Germans won the World Cup?
does running slowly worsts varicose veins on legs?
who wants chris browns email addy?
I've heard of swingers clubs:?
Is Angel Sanctuary shonen or shojo?
How can I get my picture displayed?
what is oppisite of kitchen and forest?
what's your New zealand wed address?
how to protect yourself from informed consent lawsuits?
who do you blame for your hatred and insanity?
What is MS PowerPoint?
what are the customs in thailand?
Favorite Drug Movie...?
Should we just amputate California out of the Union?
Lyrics to a german techno song??
what are principles of active immuniation?
where i got  free eboooks  in hindi?
UCLA game tonight in internet?
Who else is addicted to Grey's Anatomy?
Can you suggest a domain name for my website ?
what is a adjacent angle?
What is x-19=3x-19?
INXS Concert Tickets?
is colin jackson married?
Who was your favorite apostle and why do you like him?
Girl question?
My husbands birthday is come up what can I get him?
Any suggestions for a present for a shy teenage girl?
how do christians feel towards coverters?
Who loves me?
why do people think is okay to be obese?
Why do i hate the thought of getting old ?
i need to know what plants mean for a school project.?
hair problem down there!!?
Why is pnuemonia more common in the older client?
Where is Soho?
what are the functions of consultants to their clients.?
Does anybody know of any interesting upcoming FKK events?
Does medifast 980 work?
So, do I have this straight?
who is the female porn star.?
can we connect to dead people?
Why does the black panther party still exist today?
TOEFEL Materials ?
A woman for president?
where can I find non biased Job Market data?
Clinton Portis?
I need help with my homework please!!?
Paul McCarteney or George Harrison ??
One of the major side effects of Viagra is?
for the ladies?
Wha tis the First Operating System?
what is an excorcist?
Legal options regarding election for club sports board?
latest keys for pansat 2700a?
What is a stem cell and how do u get it?
who's the greatest player in the nba today?
Who is Baphomet?
What do to?
how do i make a home-made medicine for coughing?
how do i get some one i like to like me?
Is RUSH still touring?
I think my gf is gay how do i find out?
How can you tell if a woman is interested?
for what sence "dog tag"  word is use.?
how is medical physicist?
How do I customize a picture?
how tall is mount st. helens?
what is the lifespan of euglena?
what scare's you?
Who won X Factor tonight?
where can I get pictures of Billie Armstrongs house?
How do I get started?
my life sux.  what should i do?
Is ICL eye surgery approved in the military??
the punic wars were fought between?
Do some ppl just not want to know the truth?
How long was Palestine called Palestine?
do u like Zac Efron?
Taxes on the profit of a sold home in Arizona ?
Can somebody please answer this question instead of evading it?
what tattos does Kobe Bryant have?
who in here is racist?
What is the meaning of january?
Is the Christian Children's Fund a worthwhile charity?
Will Barry Bonds retire?
What would you do?
Swami Rama's Teachings?
Is eight inches impressive?
Who is the best of all person in this world?
Are there any politicians in D.C. worth keeping around?
I need some advice?
Chemistry Homework?
Why can we only see one side of the moon!?
Is swimming good exercise as compared to running?
who won the first ever fifa world cup tournament?
How do you bind a vampire or a werewolf?
Where does bacteria get nitrogen for their daily activities.?
Why does the forehead get especially hot when you have a fever?
I'm a hot girl with problems?
Hello viewers,?
What about education???
Any other Cliff Note Places?
That little voice in my head?
what country song is this?
i ejaculate first without satisfying my girl?
Is it rude?
Plz comment???
How society emphasis on physical appearance?
why do we look through these and post remarks?
Why is Guyana considered as a Carribean nation?
what is an electrical grid?
how to tell if your friends are really friends?
What is the quote...?
search lost contact classmate in malaysia?
How do u know if a boy likes u or not?
how can u tell if u have. . .?
Law Questions.?
do you think this is true in too many cases??
where do ii find free music downloads?
Is the NHL suspending the third jersey program next year?
can u send some carrier options for science and commerce faculty?
why do comanies give pay raises?
Who here is a Ecuadorian?
y people become gay or lesbians?
favorite part of the 2006 world cup so far?
kinds of data whose lifetime is approximately one day?
how is the best way to to taxes in short time?
What is the average income of lawyers in the Philippines?
Am I superior to you?
What are the recognized classical languages of the world?
recording DVD-Rs and CD-Rs?
what kind of guy is he?
Any anyone used Money Management International for debt consolidation?
Is ciara a real cool person?
What research to conduct if newspaper is facing a declining readership?
who can inform me about caste system in India?
who else has a callaway big berthea club?
looking for low income summer camp?
can anyone speak norweigan fluently?
Who is got the best IQ in this world?
how do i become a ccnp?
what sound does a Girraffe make?
Which can run faster, a horse or a camel?
How long is too long to date before marriage?
is there a holiday that begins with the letter I?
First person to summit Everest - really? and came from?
should i trust her?
Citizens communicating with White House through clergies?
christian penpals?
Islamist tearing down Budhist Statues?
Winter in the Mid Atlantic/Northeast?
how do I know if a blond girl from school likes me?
What is a good weight training exercise for the triceps?
what is cracking?
what is the radio affiliate for the LA clippers?
is there anybody OUT THERE?
When was the last time you punched someone?
Any recipes for IBS patients?
What is a siggy, and how do i use it?
whats the most embaressing moment?
What ID card if you have no driver's license?
What is a temperature profile?
how can i make sex play?
How can i manage full time school and full time work?
What us de javu?
Where can i find good products to re-sell?
is my husband or is my menopause kicking in?
Should I tell her?
please give me advice?
Olbermann or O'Reilly?
HOW do you make someone fantasize about you?
When does an absentee ballot vote actually count in an election?
How /Where can I de-laminate my certificates?
Who is the historical Jesus?
who is Invior Marketing?
Stretch Marks??
Are Social Security benefits taxed?
Are phenolic ferrules legal in 8ball ?
What phobia did you have that you conquered ?
Can a newspaper article be put into a website legally?
How does the organization of objects in space influence your daily life?
how many acres  were in the Louisiana purchase?
has anyone heard about this?
how can i make a little football field.?
where is amman on map?
define publicity?
inauguration ages of presidents?
should I sacrifice my happiness for my children?
which team do you think will win the champions league of Europe?
As a child, what were your favorite games or toys?
physics elevator problem?
What is your favorite team in FIFA 2006?
Is there such thing as invisible braces?
why are atheists are on here?
Are you on a diet and enjoying it?
guilty... what do i do???
Is christianity really satanic?
who the three Holland legends known as the maskettees?
president bush do you think his plan will work?
what is the meaning of custom house?
how do i see atl now?
About what percent of world is covered by trees?
where is Ian Rush now?
which is the presently used online file sharing program?
why do i always feel so sad??
What Inter needs?
How long does it take to get over an ex??
Why do girls get pierced down there?
How about peanut butter and sweet pickles?
what is the best treatment for hair breakage?
Do you Trya banks act cazy on her show?
doesn someone know how i can.?
Mathematical Proofs Problem?
how should i hold my  Table Tennis bat?
plz identify this football player?
Are your words a poem?
Cerebral Cortex?
What should I do to preven a sweat at arm pits?
Who would you rather bone, Meg Ryan, or Jack Nicholson?
Windows Phone dialer not working properly..?
can some one help me with the question (history)?
Do you think the president is on a personal vendetta?
Isn's eternity a little too long?
why do guys think they rule the world?
Lately I've been ....?
Who is very close to you?Your mom or your dad?
Gibson Explorer Gothic?
How can i contact i reliable importers from Europe.?
What is the bifference between love and like?
Beyonce Or J.lo?
How can I economically ship items from overseas to the US?
What can I do to make my mother give me her attention?
who is the wwe champ?
Should insurance companies use credit score to determine policy cost?
wen i get beta version?
Which realtor to contact?
how do you get to level 2 with 165 points?
Harry Potter, the Propechy?
Why was her surgery recovery time shorter?
nuclear radius?
Why do we all have to "grow up"?
Who do you think will win the Heat- Dallas series?
on aim and aol mail what does it mean?
Who knows when Jesus is coming back ?
Do any body know what Dejuan mean in Japanese?
What are the top ten counties in California?
wHAT IS DENUDER?
Should I be worried about concussion?
internmediate economics question?
Is it time to drop Santana Moss or Tatum Bell?
why do they call the sears tower the sears tower?
Need Help!Algebra 2?
what is your fave colour and your star sign?
Will someone please show me Bible verses about purgatory?
Which one the university football won in Texas?
Which group has more sophistication?  Europeans or Americans?
Couple of Blond Jokes...?
Great question!!!?
Are chain letters true?
does anyone know this old UK kids tv show?
Have you used "Registry Cleaner"?
name characteristics ( attributes) of a archimedean solid.?
Why do christians worry so much about?
which is a rougher sport?
Who is Condoleezza ?
Where did the word picnic come from?
where is the free mucic at?
the distance of the whole solar system in light years?
Past Life?
hiccups cure?
Do you believe that radio stations really give out big prizes?
looking for high school transcripts from arkansas?
how is the movie king arthur different from the real story?
100 most useful sites for students!?
Are we all somehow related??
How come my printer can't print from websites?
Will Led Zeppelin ever get together to Tour?
is it alrite that i masturbate everday?
is there an cheap webhosting website?
Does anyone realize the difference between Christianity & Islam?
How do I get my older man?
Which is your favorite world cup commerical?
is vonage a good stock pick?
which shark is the longest?
united states and peru nation?
What ever happend to Samatha Mathis?
513-531-3690 Who keeps calling?
what should i do?
How do I get noise alerts when I get an email?
what's the fastest way to learn german?
Michelle Kwan.?
Why does Phil Jackson like me so much?
Help with Microsoft Powerpoint (animation schemes).?
What percentage of mutual fund managers outperform the stock market?
What is something important that hppened in history in 2004?
Juan manuel fangio?
how to delete a friend in friendster?
why do people say its raining cats and dogs?
Who are your top 5 in the NFL?
Exactly HOW MUCH IS ONE IOTA?
How can I watch cricket live on the internet for free?
How can Bush steal election twice in powerful country like USA?
What does this mean?
how to erase all of my email in just a click?
What is the best medicine for allergic cough?
Why are yawns contagious?
cure for laziness?
Are genital warts and herpes the same thing?
What is Adam Sandler's favorite book?
can a lady be pragnant by 2 intercourse only?
who is your role model and why ?
maths question?
How to persuade a person to be a Christian?
what ever happen to running back ricky Williams?
How many of you have heard of Catherine of Aragon ?
IP address?
how do u lose 2 inches of fat on ur stomach?
Which is the best browser for Wins?
what country is west of alaska?
Am I pregnant?
what is a macrolodulated mass?
how should a..?
What is a good way to dump a boy?
why do you think?
Why would anyone want to join the army?
Was T.O. a good pick up for the Cowboys?
Can I use a hard drive as ram?
Who sings "I like that"??Chingy?
do you have to pay child support for college in Idaho?
What's next when cardioversion didn't work?
would you ladies rather Make out or have hot sexx?
italian  translation?
what to do about adult bed wetting?
Heroes Question???
i muz be an idiot to ask this question?
What is money laundering ?
Help with schools.?
Limewire question...?
why boyfriends are abusive???
Was the Vote for President in  Ohio in 2000 fixed?
Why do men think they have to have more than one women?
i need help factoring this polynomial?
Really dumb question-but what do you think he thought?
College hockey vs juniors!?!?!?
is a cell wall present in a angiosperm?
Is it true that cable broadband is fast than DSL?
where do you purchase shares for tim hortins?
what make a girl hot?
is it good to lie?
how does a search engine rank  websites, in search results?
Does he like me or not?
How many countries are there in the world?
how working mother affects chilfd behavior?
why do girls have hair around their nipples?
What are some reasons that the government will not legalize marijuana?
is it to late when you are 35?
How do I disable my intergrated graphics chip?
why do boys (17) play with girls emotions?
what are the effects of sexual and physical violence to women?
why are fat people don't try to lose weight?
Wonder Years on DVD? When??????
Who should the GOP nominate for president in 2008?
what are the best options for bba in Delhi?
What is Jesus e-mail?
crappiest joke you have heard?
what is the command to list the services installed in solaris?
which is the true religion according science????
united 93?
is The sport of cycling a wimp sport.?
why do dogs/wolves howl?
Who's the worst person on Fox News?
best way to fight a cold?
What's the fastest way to lose 10 pounds?
hoo thinks the duke guys are guilty?
Tooth Question.....?
where can I sell jewelry in Eau Claire, WI?
Why is the sky blue?
Science Homework help for an 8th grader?
lost windows 98 user password?
I'm looking for some interesting and creative answers?
is the Louis Vuitton Don gay ???
What are installment accounts?
boxing career of 1930,s boxer Jimmy Bradock?
how do you write 23.4 in words?
who is the fairy in the dodge commerical ?
Did Mary have children after the birth of Jesus?
which internet browser is the most secure?
my  husband  does not  care  about  me  yy?
does heat causes cerebrovascular accident?
what is Blue Tooth Techology?
Whats going on with Yahoo ?
Say Happy B-Day to Kellie Pickler!?
i am sorry ?
What are some fun science projects that involve food?
Thinking about it?
Dell 610C Latitude Laptop Wireless?
it's all about biotechnology...?
Who thinks Andy Murray is a Mummy's Boy?
Can I have some information on Super-Volcanoes?
how do i get rid of anitmalware virus program?
Do you support capital punishment?
What games should I use for a.....?
I am normal?
What is JPEG n how do i down load it?
What does My dream mean?
How does your appearaance affect your personality?
what is your favorite sport?????
asymptotes for a tan graph?
who is the first woman lawyer of pampanga?
What all countries lie in the same region as Pakistan?
Does anyone else think the Virgin Mary is a hottie?
how do i find funny snipers pic?
what is hysterical blindness?
Is you turban dirty?
How can I know Pay Pal  has received my  payment?
What exactly is a sin?
what is the best thing to use on a burn?
How much the distance between sun and earth?
What is the most shameful thing you've done?
How can I connect an internal DVD burner to my PC?
what is the cheapest 12" laptop around?
WWE in Singapore?
someone who does falconry in Dexter,MI?
Can people be physically addicted to stimuli other than drugs?
Anyone fancy a scrap?
Do you watch the Shield on FX?
are microwaves dangerous like explained at digitalexpert.it?
organs in the body that help excretion?
Why are army boots green?
Yahoo  Poll!!?
Who payed the ref to abandon the portsmouth match?
is there an antivirus software for USB drives?
what is the average cost for constructive jaw surgery?
i want some useless info?
how to get rid of hiccups?
what is inertia?
What age group likes pets the most?
who is the mother of the blues?
how to use new 3d studiomax?
google earth for macintosh?
Kobe vs. Shaq?
floppy Disk?
is there any billiard tutor site for free?
if you can guess this...?
World History questions?
What can i give to my boyfriend?
I want to impress this girl.....?
another physics problem......?
Why hasn't there been a woman as president yet?
RNA and DNA polymerase.?
How long does it take to reach maximum freefall speed?
Does anybody want me to pray for them tonight?
what are some cary/funny video sites?
Anyone a single mother or father?
What Are Countries that start with the letter "D"?
making a lot of sex is good for your body ?
What do Angels have to do with Astrology?
Help needed with Spanish!?
does he like me?
How to deal with a blind person?
Who deserves the Golden Ball Award ?
Where does the actual money come from?
What software records a cd that repeats itself?
why do u hate brazil?
Ladies: Is fidelity is turn-off for some girls?
what do you think of this?
who came before? egg or chicken?
which is more important, environmental protection or economy?
What is your most valueable possesion?
if u are not asking question,u can answer here?
What  are "money bags" used for in a wedding?
Are christians "salty" enough?
Is it good for couples to do things apart for the holidays?
which programme is Zhu.exe?
Courtasy or offensive gesture?
How do you pick up girls on a college campus?
How can I forward email from one email addy to another?
What are you concerned about?
Anyone  else feel that Valentine's Day is crap?
Visual basic v8.0 programming hlp needed.?
Edward Jenner?
An NPR show about a girl with a live web cam?
Why do some caterpillars hand from webs?
How can you get a better night vision?
Is Bin Laden alive or dead??
{girls} just wondering..?
who wants to repeal Miranda rights or change them?
What determines the size of a womens bum?
Patriots or Colts?
What is Norton Save and Restore?
Who is the original artist of "Walking in Memphis?"?
anybody ready for some football?
What is considered a good graphics card for gaming.?
what are 3 economic principles for welfare?
I forget which one?
What can i do?
Physics question.can u help plz??
Why are men so horny all the time?
What is the best stop smoking medication?
need a printable excuse for missing work?
Do Christian people go to Strip Clubs?
does anyone get this question?
what is the name of a male ballet dancer?
Why isn't phonetically spelled phonetically?
One more time...should these people be deported?
Would you accept a product with a minor scratch?
pramila nepal?
what is the most important thing about thanksgiving?
Which is the best religion to accept. and practice?
Name 2 sexy things about FOREST GUMP?
What does dreaming of sex mean?
What team will get Vince Young?
has anyone viewed answerstoyourdesires.com website?
is it true that smiling takes less muscles than frowning?
Why we have just only two eyes?
did people actully fight at the in the banana wars?
Have you saw the movie just my luck?
What are the 3 latest movies?
anybody know wot this is?
What is the best way to handle your receipts?
I need to know all about an authors job!?
is there a satanic dictionary online anywhere/?
Why Hurricane Katrina  emphasized that the poverty exists in America?
Do you Support Homosexuality?
what ever happened to victoria paris?
What else is there?
what area code louisana?
ae morgan publications dental technician?
Freelance work taxes?
What is wrong with the following:?
Do you Use Me, or I?
can anybody explain paranoya    a pro can help ?
What do the abbreviations in world cup stats mean?
will i ever go out  with Deonte?
How is blues guitar the basis for modern rock guitar?
Is the rapture even a biblical concept?
Cost of a Browning BAR?
Does anyone know Regine Velasquez?
????Please help????
Do u like the bulls?
how do u define a function?
What is BETA mode?
Traffic light just turned yellow slam brakes or feed the gas?
name the instrument used for recording earthquake shock?
how can i be not nervuse?
Why does it have to be Monday?
Should parents have the right to terminate the life of their children?
What's the adjective for this sentence in French?
Basic Chem, need help ...?
what is germination?
Joke anyone???
neopet users here???
Linear Equations?
where can i find the history of dental tools?
six is what percent of 15?
what dog breed you like the most?
what is there to do in Stillwater, OK?
Humans in one million years?
What is the Capital Of UAE?
Do you think it is ok  that...?
Question about teacher certification...?
Worlds Worst Neighbor?
the nature of liquid is?
do these actor look alike ??
how do i lose some wieght?
I'm needing some advise.?
My fiance has dental hygiene issues and I need help?
why are students fighting teacher in the shcool system?
where to earn a degree and a certificate at home for free?
need some advice pls?
What is serial dilution ?
how much does it cost to can a sports or energy drink?
Is the Bible the Greatest Fiction novel ever written?
Do You Know How To Skateboard?
What does Pedochgoim mean?
what should i do in hawaii?
What´s the deal with the Bermuda Triangle?
What  is your fave color?
What should I do?
what does PDF mean in reference to computers?
Can you help me find me some things about Estonia?
Math Riddle?
Has anybody heard of Whyville.net?
Why become a veterinarian?
What do you think of this singer?
How to apply for a michigan bridge card?
Why can't light stop moving?
Boss is screwing me over on hours.?
has anyone ever heard of word of life or been there?
What are the advantages of playing on teams?
how to make questions on research paper?
10 example of NOS?
How can i watch the world cup?
Long range wireless router?
What is going on between Ozzy and Candice on Survivor?
what are bedbugs?
How do I meet people on MySpace?
Who sang the original song The Little Drummer Boy?
he loves me he loves me not?
What's "window"?
help me plz?
is there any home remedy for bloating?
What are certain conditions that stop bacteria from growing out of control?
what is ttyl?
which party will win in tamilnadu legislative election?
can someone explain how to do this problem please?
Why can't I use my pull down menu?
OHIO STATE FANS: lets go!?
heres a math question?
What in your opinion?
Did Lou Pinella ever manage the Yankees?
how to protect myself from negative thoughts?
Whose Yahoo mail format changed, too?
can i reformat my computer without a startupo disk?
how do I start my own busness?
Unable to access administrator user?
what education do I need to be a claims adjuster?
How young were you when you first started dating?
How does one become a Pussycat Doll?
why are most fragrance molecules small?
WHO IS THE GREATEST sportsperson ever born ?
What was your best year in highschool and why?
Is the World Cup living up to expectations?
Is there a online site for grief counseling?
For Indian guys & girls....?
why does graphics jump!?
how do you if a boy likes you?
Would Bush have stayed the course?
distance england to egypt?
Is this a crush or an infatuation?
Why don't you kids do your own homework?
10 points!!!?
what is Kaka of AC Milans real name?
What are Submarine volcanoes?
I want to grow 2 inches before, How can I?
red bumps underarms and groin area?
who wrote the song thats all?
how time bomb works?
did oj really do it?
I wish I never met her feeling?
Do people sense when they're going to die?
How can you defeat an ideology with military weapons?
how many hamburgers does McDonalds sell per day?
If we keep developing more advanced machines...?
First this answers these questions right gets 10 points?
What is your current job?  Do you like it?
why not put army on the border?
imesh, kazaa or limewire???
Command Click (Tab)?
Need Help With weight losing Now A little bulimic?
who would win aj styles or rvd?
Could this be true?
What is the most popular web server these days?
what does grand theft auto mean?
How do you make connections?
what is laibility insurance?
my school gives no homework and is very easy?
is anybody else's spouse really selfish???
what is light?
Why do females answer men's health questions?
ladies can help & fellas can help?
where can i find a free registry cleaner download?
secretary who is now a senior manager?
what colour is the sky?!?
Who are we?     ~       Why am I me?
I would like to have your opinions about Prozac?
What if...?
splitting of ionic compounds into ions?
i got   a laptop off ebay and?
Which is a good web based document management system?
what is the basic salary in the usa?
This One Is For The Guys!?!?!?
are you fat and how much do you weigh?
Runners help?
Managing Side Effects of Anti Depressants?
which among these was created first,an egg or a chicken?
Is high school scary?
Am I the only one who dispises Laguna Beach?
What does " A Dios le pido" means ?
can you loose 5 pounds in a week???
Is there anywhere decent on the net that offers free online dating?
how many devices can a USB port support?
Why do do we always dis the opposite sex?
my brother an his wife do nothing but fight?
who is a biology teacher??
what do you mean by revenue?
How many people think that illegal immigrants are just squatters?
can i get in the NBA without a high school diploma?
Is anyone really satisfied with the fence idea?
Anyone heard of this? Actually bought it?
Does Iran have a right to make nuclear weapons?
How can I start a successful online business?
Who thinks family guy is stupid?
what does muchanga nuyota mean?
what does PZ Party mean?
who is your favorite charactor in star wars?
I'm so depress?
Why should God be worshipped?
Why are people rude?
Can Man Defy Death?
guy with girl problem?
How do you set up a domain for a network?
how do i turn my guy on?
How long do flies live including the maggot stage?
How is the weather in China when its Sunny in North America?
Would you survive one of Saw's games?
What is the song that means the most to you and why?
is anyone out there from south mississippi?
Does AS/400 come with MQ Serie?
what is the circumference of a moose?
Which movie star would you date?
wwe music????????
Exclusivity agreement  for a new invention?
Does anyone have a spell for keeping away ill health?
Should Illegal aliens be allowed in this country?
whose napleon second wife?
how do you know its true love?
how do u no she didnt enjoy it?
i can't figure this out!!?
What your truely fear?
Why do males act like they don't comprehend?
what do i do about this?
was George Washington born in England or America?
what's wrong with my breathing?
Do you girls agree that size doesn't matter?
Do acupuncturists really work?
am i in true love?
What are the words ending in el,le,and il?
Why did Moses do it?
Will USC make a BCS game this year?
who founded the united nations?
And what if Arsenal wins the champions league?
Mice or Mouse?
What makes people like Kirk franklin?
How do you make your sperm smell/tast better?
Do you trust the United States Army, why or why not?
how to get the quickest return on my investment?
info about malignant carcinoid tumors?
annandale prison inmate list in new jersey.?
what is the importance of nursing ethics?
re re brain fog?
My name is Joy.Can I be your friend ?
Do you ever feel superior?
what kind of flower is between your mouth and chin?
I am a permanent resident thinking about obtaining u.s citizenship?
Is there any women here that live in virginia?
What is the purpose of manpower planning?
can u plz  frame sentences of the following words.?
how does a cow add?
why is mtv Canada purely reality tv shows?
Bad Bladder?
how do you feel as u going to be an high graduated?
Can your gallblader erupt or burst?
what does  (sic)   mean in books?
how do i control a weak bladder?
what the ...?
What is your Favorite SONG?
why am I finacilly unlucky?
How many recognizable celebrities can you name with the first name Carol?
who has a myspace?
Please help?
why aren't the olympic games nude anymore?
Microsoft Outlook users, HELP!!!?
Who is the best character on Laguna Beach?
An individuated character is one who?
how do i look up my computers history. i tried everything?
Why is back door loving called greek style?
How are ya on this fine day?
Why do the british hate americans, and?
What is the slang for deal/deals?
what can i do?
IS POT A BAD DRUG?
i need help?
Is Dreaming is reflection of our inner thoughts?
What we are going to do when we getting borred?
does getting a root canal done hurt?
Etiquette you wish Americans knew?
Anyone thinking about moving to Japan?
Can depression, stress and weight cause hair loss in young people?
what carries impulses from central nervous system to effectors?
what party am i?
What is the <PRE> tag used for in html?
What is the highest rated mid size tennis racket for 2006?
What do I do when I like 3 guys at once?
Do Indian casinos pay federal & state taxes?
can running cause hyperinflated lungs?
Does pain medication make you sick?
why can i fly?
What are your plans for New Years Eve?
What are the limitations of being maried?
What is your standing for gay marriage?
Do people like Ice Cream?
who is the voice of the boston red sox?
Why can't a women be the pope?
Tell me the ICC ODI  rankings?
How many people are supposed to be working right now.?
Favorite color?
Which one is a worse sin & why ?
if a women has aids?
What is the average pay for a financial analyst in Chicago?
How do i put my computer in Win32 mode?
Can certifications ever take the place of college degrees?
Describe an Emo Puppy Pirate...?
Is pot legal in Carribean countries? Which ones?
What's the best way to fight a cold?
What's your state flower or tree ?
Who is the last prophet in Islam?
computer doesn't allow more than one window open?
What events in Latin America heightened tension of the Cold War?
chat tips?
can you give me a good title for my first medical thesis?
Science Geeks, Please HELP OK? Thanks?
Does anyone, watch 8th and Ocean, is it good?
What kind of music is usualy played at a prom?
what type of vegetation louisiana have?
What are gypies?
what can i use from my home for a toothach?
What is the best FREE website creation software?
How much lead does a lead pancil contain?
What is a computer chip and how does it work?
Question about shaving?
List and describe the five different types of disease causing organisms.?
Website question?
What is our true inflation  rate?
has any 1 seen XXX 2.?
Am i right to be upset and mad?
COMPLlCATED please read?
can someone help me please?
what will I do so my crush will talk to me??
MLA format?
How can I make more friends?  Am I depressed?
Are Libra's and Pisces compatible?
what is your favorite book or series?
should i take a day off from excercising?
any cure for dog allergy ?
What is the most popular word in the english language?
What are the technical specifications of HP Pavilion 790k?
how can i open a rar password protected file?
What does a college recomendation letter consist of ?
how to fiend a good job?
Why isnt freestyle called breast stroke?
Which one do u choose, heaven or hell? why?
what is india's world rankings in the cricket arena?
How long does a bankruptcy stay on your credit report.?
Illegal Immigrants?
are super pocket bikes illegal in the state of Florida?
After today's performance should Ghana be in instead of Ukraine?
Do you like Sebastian Telfair?
When did Army recruiters start acting like politicians?
What happened to Hector Camacho Jr?
how can i lose weight in a fast way?
Spice Girls?
What does the acronymn CNN stand for?
How would you describe organized crime?
how can i get fit?
Why so racists?
who started the war in iraq?
Is africa a poor continent?
did ya have a bad day??
what good team to bet on tonight nba game?
detail's of kashif ali's loan?
why is the tangent of 45 degrees = 1 ?
What exactly is randomness?
So how did everyone cope yesterdaii?
Why is a Charlie Horse called a Charlie horse?
How can I meet the right man for me?
do black people hate white dreadheads?
Explain why general search warrants cannot possibly be constitutional.?
Does it take two to make a thing go right?
How do u say cooker in french?
what wireless card can I use on latitude D600?
how do u know u r in love ?
whats circumsicion?
boy trouble help immediately?
Ghost bride, any idea?
Do guys really like a girl who knows about sports?
hard drive space?
how do i know if i really still love him?
Ladies Help ME Out???
what is wrong with people these days?
My spellchecker is f*cked up. help?
want video formats can u burn with a cd burner?
Was Bathsheba a seducer or a rape victim?
how many sex positions can you count?
Does it needs money for being honest?
Involvement -vs- Commitment?
What's up with all the hugging?
Should NASCAR revamp the Busch Series?
are you stupid?
How can i let a peson know that i like him?
Use the properties of equality to solve the equation.?
How do I find out if a lawyer is real?
what is a probe?
how can the seal breathe in the ocean and on land?
What is the best way to reduce stress when studying?
Why are european showers so small?
What does it mean "hacettepe"?
do sex offenders ever recover?
what is the quickest way to get rid of a cold?
what psition???
Does anyone actually know why yawns are contagious?
When will the World end?
in the morning.why do u collect sleep around your eye?
f(x)=1/x-4?
How do I save a DVD to my computer?
need help getting personal training clients?
media hosting?
Can anyone tell me anything about the Apollo 11?
when did anne geddes start photography?
How do I get taller  ?
How many pages of the MS Word?
section 131 of negotiable instument act?
What is the skiing season in the Rockies and NorthEast?
How does one get leg cramps while sleeping?
how is the best player in england ?
My son needs a orthodontist?
would you consider the internet a distributed database?
What do you order when you get a Chinese take away?
what is stickykey?
Does anyone have information on Engineering and/or Science majors?
washington high school class reunion for 1966 portland or.?
Travelling to the US and what I need??
how to create a filing system?
what does the COPS office of the Department of Justice do?
why have a freind ?
Why did God create the tree of knowledge?
Do you believe the WWE is better than TNA?
Che Guevara?
martyrs of chicago?
generally, how long does a cavitiy filling last?
Are mexicans bad people?
Can India become a super power, without containing corruption and population?
Is google coming up with Google Office called Google Suite?
girls only please..?
whats better Vans or Converse and why?
Weight gain..IMP?
joooob for 14?
Which version of Visual Studio 2005 has Crystal Reports ?
what is the holocast?
how do you know if you fell in love with someone?
What does turtle heading mean?
how and why the quote below inspires society as a whole?
How many different languages does President Bush speak?
Does anyone know of good exchange student programs?
Do lizard gave out liquid urine ?
How do I get my first kiss?
Where is the capital of Brazil?
what about I T in furutre ?
Thanksgiving Scrabble--Help???
help a helpless woman?
anyone have any ideas??
where can i get tv ratings for uk shows?
What's the best nickname in sports history?
what do men really look for in a woman?
What does a ton of feathers wiegh?
Would you want to live if you were in constant pain?
whoever can answer this the quickest gets all the bonus points?
Which Job Title is better? Marketing Analysis or Marketing Specialist?
what good did we do today?
How Far Will My Chicago Cubs Go In 2007?
Please name countries with Nuclear programs capable of producing atomic weapons.?
How should I pronounce Tropicamide .5%?
Why did god allow Satan to hijack the universe?
Who are the starting 5 on the Heat?
What the ugh is "Yogic Flying"?
How do you stand being celibate?
khayyam hindi film music director?
how do i start a web business?
freeware windows utility check inspect partition mbr damaged?
what is something ican get my teenager?
Western Reform Taoism.?
who is god?
Can someone explain bit torrents for me?
what is psycotic pill?
Why was it cancelled?
Does anyone know any good emo jokes?
Will the Pittsburgh at Carolina game be televised?
Why do electrons repel each other?
What types of jobs do engineers do?
Does yahoo have a free popup stopper?
what majors should i do to be a pediatrician?
what is the difference between golf handicap and golf index?
Help Balancing Chemical Equation?
what precautions can be taken against floods ??
Time Travel?
Computer Financing?
info on respoking a bike wheel?
do girls like to play but darts?
How to shutdown a machine in least possible way?
is eHow.com now part of Wikipedia.com ?
New vaccines?
hybird technology?
Algebra question?
Birth Control problem....what kind should I use?
I need someone help with my English.?
How football was played in old times?
BIBLE and blah blah blah?
What's the worst thing a teacher has done to you?
what is the profit margin in a pound shop?
Where did the word "geronimo" come from?
the perfect job?
any suggestion for a christmas gift under £5?
ineed a phone what hone should i get?
Homework help?
DREAMS can someone help?
Whats the deal with juiceplus?
where i can find news regarding INDIAN dairy condition?
Why do Mexicans Where Black Hats?
What is the crowd capacity of the Madjeski stadium?
Why are they painting the roses red?
In science, how do you separate nitrogen and oxygen?
what is aequanimitate?
Solve log2 8 + log232.?
What is in glue?
why do people want to rename christmas?
Any free dj mixing softwares??
what is skeletal system?skeleton?
should we trust our frnds?
anybody who likes  getting their a hole licked? I love it?
skateboards help!!?
How can I claim benefits?
what is 9890*4345?
What would you do! Ladies only...?
What is the best deer rifle for a 12 year old?
how can i get connected to the mirc???
How can I get a further distance in triple jump?
How did the group Genesis get their name?
Rules for "Pinks"?
Why is Yahoo so anti-Macintosh?
vere its  the  date  from  berlin  fall?
Did washington really have wooden teeth?
Memories of hiking the Algonquin trail?
how can i get amway company e.mail address?
what do u eat if u have diabeteties?
which is the best site for downloading english movies?
what is an analysis?
is the nfl draft this weekend?
how can gain 15 pounds healthy?
How do I open an ISO file?
did you guys know that.......?
Lynksys connection problem through bellsouth modem?
Who is going home on American Idol tonight?
U and Dat or Riden for songs is better?
Who is currently the most  popular personality?
What are the best jobs with associate degrees?
John J. McMullen Obituary?
I like two different guys. How do i choose?
Which premiership side are also called the "toffees"?
How can i stop smiling?
What animal can sleep for 24 to 36 months.?
What your angel in this life?
Can anyone tell me some good iPod songs to download?
Who's the best player of all the times?
Should race be a deciding factor when looking for a mate?
What is the G-point?
How can i completely erease pimples on my face?
Why is the answer to multiplication called 'product'?
Are you going to make today a great day?
Irish joke, could you rate pls?
Who is the worlds fastest bowler?
do you believe that dreams have meanings?
What should I do to get my husband give me a massage?
How many times has mexico won the world cup?
Do you think its time for the American worker to rise up?
how many children did bob marley have?
I have been passing out alot lately?
American seeking UK visa?
Who do i complain about cable televison?
Is NAMBLA real?
what program do you need to open a php file ?
What is the cause of sleep?
What makes you cringe?
tracing softwares?
do you have website?
tenant/landlord laws for illinois?
How could you tell if your husband gay???
a,b,c or d?
Is consumer protection lacking in the US today.?
what is the meaning of website?
whos the best football player for you?
who invented the mouse pad?
Does posting political comments in Yahoo make a difference?
do you have any topics to bring up with my girlfriend?
who will win the nxt formula 1 GP.?
What is the best your mom joke?
love question for the ladies?
What are the two longest countries in South America?
Are baseball lineup batting positions really a factor in the game?
Does any one know what a brush arbor church is?
How to reduce hairfall?
Do you spit or swallow?
How do you get training to become a bartender?
Where do i find VB.NET resources?
Am I really in Love or is it just obsession?
Who's better China or Japan or  S. Korea?
Do you thank schools give to much HW?
Do you really think there is life in Mars?
What should I do about my lost ring?
what is octenol comprised of ?
Having sex is wrong at teenage?
Rough elbows?
Why do we really celebrate Christmas?
wat are hind feet?
what does it mean in your openion true and love ?
i want to know something about IT(information technology)?
who exactly is jack abramoff?
Name that movie?
Are you addicted to Freecycle?
Is Kobe the nicest in the NBA?
whats the meaning of mbean in java?
in java did packages contain main method?
how can i find if a guy is with this girl?
what is the meaning of life?
Who was Slobodan Milosevic?
can a for profit business hold a benefit for itself?
How can i find my freinds college email address?
Where can i find depression support groups in Malta Ohio?
could you please give me the zip code for cape town?
Getting a staple put in you ear..?
Symbols used in messenger to make a rose?
looking for honest good hearts for lontime friendship?
What causes wind?
Who would you like to see stuffed and mounted on your mantle?
can a persons metabolism stop working all together?
is a puffer fish still poisons if its dead?
Who would win this contest between Americans and British?
Does anyone know this?
what is this from??
Is it snowing at your house?
how can i get him to open up?
what if God were one of us?
What is your favorite flower?
which 2 planets have overlapping orbitals?
What's your favorite song at the moment?
How to format a hard drive in an external enclosure?
what is the difference between foreign direct investment and foreign indirect investment?
update to my first ? I mean't WW2?
what do i get?
anyone ever commited suicide?
Where can i find Yahoo settings to erase histroy?
any girls over 22 are virgin's here?
Are Asians against affirmative action?
I have 2 questions.. with my parents?
NFHS baseball rules exam - part 1?
what can you take to get more blood flow to your penis?
What should I do?
how i can come to an officer in indian armed forces?
How can you fix a broken speaker to a electric guitar bass?
It has been 3yrs since I had sex???
What do I do with this job?
Are there many bi girls on this site?
Where did this virgin stuff come from?
Answer these questions?
bible commentary on matthew 11:12?
2006 Cincinnati Reds: pretenders or contenders?
does anyone like hinder?
can a case that has been settled for money be reopened?
using computer to trace images?
how do u get the trade mark sign on myspace??
•Any proposed alterations to the powers of the Prime Minister?
are hemoroids really so bad?
Paintball.?
how do we medicaly or physiological get in love?
What is the current trends issue in HR today?
how do i find geological data on an area?
tel me the site of free bollywood movies download?
whats the best trick to pull on a friend?
Why a sad life?
how to do additional mathematics project work form 4?
why are people so hard on me?
define oath of office?
how to obtain scholarship for Montessori school Tampa ?
what does 'graduating cumlaude' mean?
What makes you special?
How much do NFL playoff tickets cost?
is there a foundation course that can lead onto veterinary university?
I would like to know who uses absolute values and why?
Who thinks that Bush was involved in 911.?
My wife wont do as I say?
Why does Wayne Rooney spend all his money on gambling and prostitutes?
Does any one know Ralph Mendoza' birthday is today?
all this advice now what to do?
What's the definition of "normal" means to you?
who is glad U of L beat WV?
What is a double rainbow?
What is the daily special at subway today?
what are the beliefs of the pequot tribe?
this person this running a scam on yahoo?
Lost question...?
Evaluate the following statement(Biology homework)?
Should my urine be bright yellow while taking Migrelief?
Who Feels the Spirit Revealing Truths?
Where can I find information?
What are some of the best free animation programs?
What does it mean to have fluid in the lungs?
what does divisable mean?
Who is a terrorist if not USA in the first place?
Something wrong with java ?
Do American COCKROACHES have skeletons?
What is your favourite movie?
Is it abnormal to get depressed easily as a teen?
What are the specific rules in Islam about women covering their heads?
how can i mess with my friend with out having sex?
what is eleemosynary?
Any chance UCLA upsets USC?
what is oklahomas area code?
Dems why are you gay-bashing Crist?
how long can a oxen live without a brain?
why was it wrong to be left handed back then?
what does the Marine phrase Semper Fidilas mean.?
do you remember?
how to do telepathy?
Hypothetical question!!?
Can I travel outside the US after a H1B transfer?
i'm having trouble sleeping what should i do?
Can electronic students go for higher studies in nuclear physics?
How can I make the Links display properly in IE?
which tool you consider best for multimedia development?
how do i text and recieve off my pc?
which of these is your favorite country music song?
what should my Lil brother get his girlfriend????
Setting of Romeo and Juliet?
Regarding to European courts?
what is the first step to learn programming?
Advice about my boyfriend needed... please.?
Is it true the US military currently have satellites orbiting Mars?
keep inversting in sirius or should I sell?
What is your favorite thing to do on your birthday?
what a strategy to add search engine in a website.?
systems of equation formula?
describe wat the atomic number of an element refers to.?
How do I delete unwanted folders?
Answer for I2 + NaCI?
what is the latest ram which is cheap in price to purchase?
what is mode?
How can someone earn an income with ADsense?
Why do muslims kill others ?????
your favorite LYNARD SKYNARD  song.?
what is my ex thinking ladies?
Cold revenge?
Whats another word for cartilage?
Does any one understand naming binary compounds?
What is the FULL California zip code?
Who did Sammy Sosa hit #58 off of in 1998 ?
How long does it that for navel piercing to heal?
where do you purchase a american express gift card?
was i wrong?
how many megabytes equal a gigobyte?
I need help cleaning out all the junk on my computer.?
how can i remove facial hair naturally...?
Ebay seller jerking me around?
how much water do fish need?
what is decron cloth used for powered hang glider?
ok. here's one for u...?
Is liam lonsdale gay?
How should I prepare to transfer to another college?
Is real estate in So. California going up or down?
Need a mortgage company?
What was Chris Byrd's most entertaining fight?
how much miney do professional snowboarders make?
What does the great wall of china represent to people?
How many calories do you burn using the toilet?
How to cure motion sickness?
Entry bond?
how can i get electrical design software (free).?
how Iran develops alot & quickly in the recently years?
What do you think about Franjo Tudjman?
I just  downloaded the new SKYPE phone talk between computers?
Alex Rodriguez is dating who??
do you think English should be required to live in the US?
What is the controversy surrounding stem cells?
who old is billie joe armstorng?
Who is going to Taste of Chaos Brixton?
who hit the first homerun in major league baseball?
How can I have t4 internet connections?
Who is the closest person to you?
what is the best car audio brand?
have u experinece the quija board before?
how do you send a picture to an e mail?
Enyone have tips for studing better?
Health effects of Ramen Noodles?
Risky Bussiness?
haunted house?
Advice on using recruiting firms to find a better job?
what is bio informatics?
A word to suggest.?
What can I do to motivate myself?
What would you choose?
who likes san jose?
Does ariana really like me?
What are some exercises to do to increase jumping ability?
what are storage organs?
Teaching English in Japan?
Can you stick your entire fist in your mouth?
Which pitcher should i aquire?
Am I wrong about a democracy?
Isn't it ironic?
what did the medieval queens do during the day?
How do i know which version of debian to download?
What is the public perception of homelessness?
how many people has the usa killed in Iraq?
Can I legally raffle off my home in Ontario Canada?
Personality.?
How To Stop Sweating?
What does "Ça plane pour moi" actually mean?
Do you believe your faith to be absolute?
Has anyone heard of the band Katatonia?
Rody piper diagnosed with Lymphoma Cancer?
wat shud i do?
asdf fullname?
profanation?
from flavor of love??
Automatic walks?
really need help?
What Product is for Dark Circles under the eyes?
How do I repair a relationship w/ my ex-boyfriend?
Why do you take CENTRUM?
how a man staistfy a woman during sex?
I am 14 looking for a job?
what type of person r u?
anyone got a finger sucking fetish?
What is an adjective for a person who loves nature?
Why is every question in here the same?
what is tsap ? what does it stands for ?
Is 17 years older too much of a difference to date?
Should you choose your friends by their best friends?
How to disable links on my page?
the nostradamus forecastings really works??
what's power play in ice hockey?
Are liberals really looking out for the average American?
how many ppl out thier r like me??
for gold what is the chemical properties?
liverpool supporters club in coventry?
Try this one out!?
What is the "LGA" technology in intel processors?
What is eBay?
Best Live (the band) songs?
how to prevent involentry unination?
What is the best over the counter pain reliever?
whats the best teeth whitening system?
good topic?
Where can I buy factory sealed music cassettes online??
why my computer restart when I connect a usb device ?
for girls only..??!!?
What is a proton?
Creating Photoshop Backgrounds?
Firefox question?
Anybody has a good nickname for me?
R there n-e gay / bisexual females on here?
Where do Catholics get their beliefs from?
what is the best torrent site?
What kind of animal is a bearcat.?
how old do women get before they stop having orgasms?
im 5'11 and weigh 110 should i lose weight?
Who was the Man of the Match between England and Ecuador?
How fast do cells grow?
how do u changemm to cm?
How has God touched you in your life ?
Please tell me the basic beliefs of Wiccan witches.?
is it safe, medically, for a woman expecting twins ?
could a robot do your job..?
My computer won't work?
Laptop and infertility.?
what is cashmere made from?
how do u spell convanethealth?
Root Canal?
Who played in goal for  Man United and a striker for Newcastle?
Where can I use divx file types to make movies?
i am so nervous about first date?
What if none of our options are better?
How do we know that we see the same color?
why people like black/death metal?
What is the strangest Ethnic name you ever heard of.?
children who have tongue thrust?
what is ev-downloader update 3895?
Where can I get educational flashcards printed?
Have you ever felt this way?
how do i turn off Hanaro Guardian?
Viruses from Myspace????
Who like my picture?
what do you think of white girls and black men?
Does this mean I have the sixth sense like the movie?
What is the scariest thing that has ever happened to you?
How do you get a new mouse?
where is the best place to snow ski in NC?
when do you know if you are ready for your first kiss?
What Sex is pink the singer?
who wants to be my friend on myspace.com?
Like Nascar racing?
can biting or pinching cause breast cancer?
What are the the three countries that make up the Bermuda Triangle?
Frustration?
Help with mother problems please!!!!!?
Good SAP Training Institute in Bangalore?
soft felt hat has nine letters begining with W?
Do women love married men?
Could I have a mental disorder?
what is pi?
Can a psychic please help me?
who invented microwave?
Hi Folks! How about sharing your worst dating experience?
How do you work with a difficult coworker?
Can someone plz explain budhism to me?
Who out there thinks England will win the World Cup?
What would be your favorite movie to see next weekend?
this makes me angry!?
who will win A I 2006?
What is the most important website ever?
Yearbook Needs Your Questions!?
how can i star a rock show concert ?
Is cheerleading a sport?
a question for everyone about music?
Who here misses the good old fasion cartoons?
My cat peed on my laptop.?
i want my boobs to grow :(?
how do I find teenie beanie jelly beans?
Ultrasound...scan??
ladies...please help me!!?
Who is the Bangla Bradman?
how can a fifteen year old lose weight?
What's going on with the Catholic priests in my community?
laws concerning drug abuse?
How can I marry someone in INDIA?
does anyone have a list of syntax for Visual Basic v6?
what are the tasks of a press office in an institution?
How much does navy seal get paid??
Here we go again....Ladies, Please?
what time will complete flora of china?2006 or 2007?
how two add email adderss?
who scored the  1000th and  2000th world cup goal.?
how do i download a bonzi buddy?
what are phytochromes?
The letter of application is intended to ??
should juveniles be trialed as adults for crimes?
So badly France?
Name that tune...?
whats the difference between sex with wife & girlfriend?
Why is it that I can never meet a decent woman.?
Wood Forest National Bank???
how do you get hepatitis d and e?
who is the sexiest girl on 7th Heaven?
What is the penalty or sentencing for trespassing?
Fantasy Baseball?
Do you like to go to the movies? Why?
what do you think about Iraq?
tell me steps to make an easy science project?
who was the world best footballer of the year 2005?
do u like paris hilton ?
find the decimal equivalent for 33/40?
How to get rid of stiff leg muscles?
Translation from Latin Please?
what are some credit card companies that have no sign up fee?
u think lost series can hapend in real life?
what is earthquake engineering?
When was the Family Court of Australia first set up?
What are you most thankful for on this Thanksgiving Day?
What is bird flu ? And how do we tackle it.?
which is worse?
Who can write practical programs and components with Delphi?
Does anyone know some facts on George Washington?
Why do people put batteries in the refrigerator?
Credit cards for people with bad credit?
how are river coasts eroded by waves?
can R Ponting Break Sachin Tendulkar Record?
need help with my calc problem?
Have You Found Osiris's Oblisk?
Is there a castle on your cloud?
what makes you tick?
Question about writing music lyrics?
hey this is India and should i hate my teacher?
what is the most reproduced image?
What if it was legal?
How much does it cost to consult an attorney?
Humans: Naturally Good or Naturally Evil?
Are there Taimen fisheries in other countries besides Mongolia?
How do you disable drm protection on wma files?
flax seeds?
Are they the same?
How come guys cant slap broads on the butt anymore?
Prom Funraising??
how do people die from old age?
how come mySpace contact table does not work?
DUI Punishments...?
How many games did Rod Wishart play for Australia?
please answer this!?
Have you ever seen/experienced a ghost?
who is Ali Karimi ?
What is an exparte motion?
where is a boxing gym in hinesville?
why do always get problems even tho u r true?
Does getting you teeth caped hurt?
does blinking occur when we sleep?
do u know where is macedonia?
am I smart?
how to find peoples e mail addresses?
myspace music videos?
what is poop made of?
Irish/English studying in the USA?
what is gobbedly gook?
Where do i get a web url for my blog?
why r people so dumb when they hear  bad news?
Who is the best WRC co-driver of all time?
what is the different between cable and wire?
trying to find inmate query for georgia?
why is it unethical to create or distribute computer virus?
how do i get a big butt??
"Scars of Honor," by Dorothy Johnson?
Im In BIG Trouble what do i do?
have you ever been inlove with someone on the Internet?
Are these menstral symptoms normal?
why are democrats so self centered and stupid?
What's the best whitening toothpaste?
geometry proofs from algebra with an introduction to proofs?
Are we the only beings in this universe?
Jesus died for us confusion...?
How and why was Chicago discovered? When? Where? Who?
is our justice system reliable if we are executing the innocent?
Are animals acting weird latly?
how old do you think the queen will live to?
What is a Yelper?
What lacrosse posistion should I play?
I have one second tell me every thing you know?
What does this mean?
How is ethylene produced?
Direct Marketing Letter Regarding Catering Business?
if u got a bad chrimbo present?
Why are fortune tellers in business?
how many smokers rehabs are in the usa?
what's Say's law about?
how do i know if i have ADD?
Where is God?
how do I babysit little girls around seven?
Why is a Tombola so called?
How many pounds is 1.3 kilograms?
is civil engineering  in demand?
Air Force or Navy?
What is a good journalism topic to write about?
Do you ever Notice?
looking for what number in listing is heavenscentpcp?
reccomend some music?
What is the function of the clitellum?
I never knew I loved you until?
Why do people say The Beatles suck?
How many Tarzan movies have there been made?
Psycics (spelling?)?
How can you keep your teeth clean without brushing?
how to pay for kids college without depleting our savings?
give me a slogan on quality control?
what is yor definiton of "ghetto"?
I have a question....?
get the access of yahoo database is hard?
Trying to burn a dvd.?
Did you know why dinosaurs existed as per Bible?
Who out there is ages 35 to 40'ish?
do you love BANANAS?
what is the 17th amendment?
What is the maximum possible rotation speed of a black hole?
domain names how do you select hte best one?
i want know everything about CIW certification ?
how bad will the cubs be this year?
Einstein or Newton?
im going to 9th grade soon and i need help choosing classes?
What is it that makes mucus green?
Where are data files from the internet stored?
who likes high school musical?
does u.f.o.realy exists?
how to set up a live music stage?
What does the term "self-actualization" mean?
who are the top pervs here in y! answers?
your favorite old t.v. shows?
When will India qualify for FIFA WORLD CUP?
Should I go for it anyways?
what evidence is there to support evolution?
diet secrets?
How to clear cache & cookies?
What Is a Bad Boy Buggie?
what is the filenet?
What country does Oliver Kahn usually buys his beer?
Who does Harima end up with in School Rumble?
Have you ever used egold?
why let rapist live?
Men only please, borrowing?
how can earn some money?
Is there a really a magic age where people become mature?
Who is Robert De La Salle????
the picture of iraqi flag?
how a gyroscope work?
am i indeed insane?
Is today Hitlers birthday?
interview with a suicide bomber.?
what is DCIS - medical terminology?
how do you change the fonts on the website pages?
How can i thrust someone?
Why is American freedom of religion suppose to be freedom from religion?
is iran capable of making nuclear devices?
Which came first...the sinner or the sin?
Why are chromosomes important to the cell during mitosis?
Who loves star wars: Empire Stricks Back?
what is the website to all wisconsin prison system?
how are highlited data e-mailed?
Can you think of any plots and villains for my super hero?
Will Brett Farve retire this year?
What is the word that describes creatures that walk on their heels?
Can you explain something about the Einstein story of the two brothers?
Do Muslims believe the human body is a Temple for Allah?
does anyone love legend of the max from DDR?
How get background on myspace???
do u like george bush???
why do peole hate on me?
How will be America Next Top Model?
What will Earths Armageddon be??
Why music is Haram in Muslims?
what is entropy of the universe?
what is the difference between lending rate and borrowing rate?
sod it Im off?
is there a chance of getting leg replacement for amputees?
Rotten teeth?
Why do the British call a cigarette a fag?
my left eye twiches from what?
Do u believe in love at first....?
Is a kiss just a kiss?
What does the boogey man check his closet for?
If you're a high school dropout...?
tell me a cute quote u like ..?
why does my power fan from my computer make sounds?
1930 census WV?
Are battery operated toothbrushes more effective than manual brushing?
mustafa a.ahmed?
can i put both avatars on 360?
Whats wrong with this picture?
If there is an "edge" to the universe?
Desprate Housewives?
where can i get free divx videos downloads?
Can anyone tell me?
What companies do you guys reccommend investing in?
tell me b.com pass 2nd year date sheet 2006?
What your top 5 favorite porn movies of all time?
can you read this?
What's the best fruit?
how do i clean out cache files?
what can we do to save animals from becoming extinct?
Why are women more intelligent than men?
Who have got the more beautiful life? and why?
Where are a women's erogenous spots?
Was Jesus a virgin?
How do you get Help to pay for perscriptions?
Name a famous person you cannot stand.?
How many "one night stands" have you had???
Name the acids and the bases:?
I love soma girl but i cannot see her?
what do u called to country's border?
What age to start having a boyfriend/girlfriend?
why girls prefer money than true love?
Do you believe that we became from ape?
What kind of food no good for asthma?
What is this song in black hawk down plz help?
Family Conflict:?
what would happened if there were no 911 operators..?
Carew imite le parcours d'Elber?
what is a death angel?
whats the defiation of matric?
is RAPE OVERRATED ?
roy vs brodeur?
don't people know how to spell anymore?
Christianity- Byzantine?
ladys only plz?
what tanks did the americans use during world war 2?
Jaime Pressley or Brooke Burke???
why do they get mad?
what effect does pH have on phenols?
how to make a teaser gun?
So... WWJD?
do girls like light skined boys wit good personalities?
FIFA World Cup Scoring?
what 2 natural items make 10 (riddle)?
Exchange rate between peso and dollar?
Do u want 2 be Real Madrid?
Does masterbating make your penis longer?
I need help...?
What is 2 + 2 =?
what the heII does GLBT mean?
yearbook - highschool senior will?
How does a woman discreetly scratch her private parts?
who first make a century in westindies?
At what age was your first kiss?
watz a good gift 2 give 2 a homeboy?
Which part of the bible mentions Santa claws ?
Where can I get a cheap Lebron James Jersey?
I need to get information about infections from cuts?
What is the oldest college football bowl game?
What is your first memory of Christmas?
Domain aging effect?
which is the hardest thing in the world?
it's alright to build muscle with vigorous workout?
What can one do to minimize risk when investing in bonds?
any ideas on what to do?
Are you an organ donor?
Why are pople afraid of paintball???
How can I get people to vist my site?
I want Sweden survey home page in Gavle"?
Why do they call a small place a city ?
What is an Equatorial climate?
What does she weight?
three accomplishments of jimmy carter that influenced the world?
if an enzyme were destroyed what would happen?
stop yahoo messenger buzz shaking window?
Do all pimps sleep with their hoes?
Geometry Help?
What happens......?
Who is your favorite FIFA World Cup COACH?
What kind of friendship is this?
How many Homosexuals have ADHD?
A Question About Pictures?
Why do poor people hate rich people?
Which upcoming movie u r really waiting for its release?
What other grants besides the pell grant are there for college?
how do i make a fake fishing licence?
How do you use open ofice documantion?
are you ready to receive the new year tonight?
why is homeless in creasing in the bay area?
Can I show a Australian postal code ?
Yay!!  France is going to win!!?
what is podcast?
Did Sasha Cohen and Shaun White break up?
what is a good site to stream music from?
freee_dom9?
Why are registered sex offenders demonized?
Nosy People!!!!How to deal?
Who won the presidential election in Finland?
what is the definition of osteosit?
Any reports of zombie attacks in the last 24 hours?
How do you get a gas to turn in to a solid?
I am looking for words with the same meaning?
what Pisces men love in girls?
This is very important!!!!!!?
What are all the organ systems in the human body?
will the steelers make it to the super bowl?
why do white people all look so different?
With Quicken 2006 how do I email annual data?
Why's it always so cold in the morning?
who will win the NBA championship?
why is it that people come and go out of my life?
Anyone seen the Tristan and Isolde commercial...?
does spraining/twisting your ankle help you?
Who is the best feilder in the world?
How far East do Tumbleweeds grow?
how important is ....?
What's most frustrating about internet?
Why did the Texans draft Mario Williams and not Reggie Bush.?
which is the best football(soccer) club in europe?
Is 40 to young to begin menopause?
Does anyone like Coventry City Football Club?
deleting coookies?
how to stop remembering search words?
who said...in the scarlet letter?
do you have hurricane procedures?
who was the first roman catholic president?
Do you think Wikipedia is a good medical reference?
In Visual C++, how do you reverse a string?
what doues cum mean?
Have we come to the end of the road??
Please HELP!!!!?
Why won't my router work?
How does someone get a password?
What is your strategy in solving a sudoku?
what is cataract?
what are easy loans to get to purchase cars?
should you stretch and exercise before bmxing?
after-thanksgiving-sales - - anything good?
how to setup telnet password?
What is your favorite Coldplay Song?
can u find the number in the logic series?
why barca won ac milan?
Why the Stemmed Hate of the War on Terrorism?
what is raid server?
Do you believe in souls mates?
can female hormones help in breast development at the age of 27?
would you become a catholic for a day?
Should I tell her?????
Where does Puerto Rico is located?
Men AND Women what do you like?
how do you put limewire music on myspace?
Are u Korean or a person from Europe?
web site for?
chevy rally wheels?
what state or country has the best education?
nogomi.com?
How do i become a JERK??
Firefox or Internet Explorer ?
Where can you buy clothes for insulin pumps?
i have problem acessing my yahoo e-mail?
does anyone know the dvd title?
What can I expect in taking the PRAXIS I?
Is Kayne West a loser?
who won obion co. tn. mayor race?
What were the reasons behind the anti-Chinese sentiments?
Where did imaginary numbers come from?
should i ask my ex back out?
how do you tell if you are over a guy?
outline in apa format style?
what do you think of iran?
What are four differences between the south and north pole?
Who is the preppy girl in Take the Lead??
what is a stunami?
what is your favorite cartoon for kids!?
What do you do to curb boredom at work?
is paris hilton a bisexual?
when a bruise turns blue?
What if the world was going to end tomorrow at midnight?
I have this fetish...?
Math help PLEASE????
can someone give me episodes of x-men evolution?
Who is your Fav Character from CSI: Las Vegas?
Does any one have information about community service for 13 year olds?
how do i put in street address when street is a number?
what is the mechanical properties of soccer ball?
Am I alone in not caring about politics whatsoever?
Do you get online at work?
whats true position for sex?
What is a good warm non alcoholic drink for the flu?
What is SIM and RIM instructions?
How much sunlight is essential on a day to day basis?
What is the official name for this?..?
what film uses the "F" word the most times?
What is depression?
for women only?
How many children are born everyday in the Philippines?
are real the exorcism and the evil?
Anyone know how to shape up butt so it is not flat?
Should I sue my neighbors?
How would someone get address/email for Mel Gibson???
how do i get this?
Help me find the verse?
Which Yeats poem?
what will get rid of feeling tired all the time?
MICH vs OSU: why is the turf so bad?
Is there a KSU fan out there?
can i file a lawsuit against my local public defenders office.?
looking for information on 22 -250 rifles?
what are the current issues facing christianity religion?
What does WELS mean?"?
Pros and Cons About the singer EMINEM?
Can just one loud rock concert damage your ears?
What was the paper in Jane's Addiction made of?
why do people jump?
should spirituality be a kind of blocage in a relationships?
Is there any opportunity for teenager in ISRO or  NASA?
my stress....?
Who is you favorite Christian Band or Artist?
What's up with Jason Giambi?
What languages did Jesus speak?
what is the best 1960's muscle car?
Not a bashing Vanessa Anne Hudgens question?
what location? and how old?
At how many points did Chelsea won the league this season?
how do i de-alphabatize my messenger list?
How long after stopping Provera....?
what  does this mean in terms of an appeals?
Which Formula 1 car is the best in 2006?
why is freedom of speech important in demonacy?
do antidrepressants effect menstration?
What do ranch hands do on a daily basis?
Does anyone else have a SCEWED UP family?
Does someone speak any French?
how has technology benefited business?
How do you find motivation when you have none?
Can you fart when you have your legs crossed?
what should i do to get faster?
Family Care Plan for Army Reserve?
what is the correct way to address an 8th grade graduation audience?
Do you like freckles?
who was Dr. Joseph Goebbels?
How can I tell if it is broken?
Sex Offenders?
Did Jesus Christ Go to Hell? or Hades?
what is a.d.d.?
Where may I find data of unemployment rates in the US?
is it possible to replace the entire eardrum?
what is teneberescence?(sp)?
information about slavery and the underground rail?
Does George Bush's approval rating say it all?
I like this boy?
Human fart?
why do we study biology?
Why are people using this site for selling ?
Intrusion alerts??
what is the best thing to do on a 31st night?
What did you think about that SNL movie; Ladies Man?
what is"brand driver"?
how well do you think cats see in the dark?
How to replace Shellback certificate?
how can i tell him?
OHIO STATE question?
I need good websites?
Stanabol - Original Pack?
Wat shud i do?
Is Ciara, Feild Mob's cousin?
how to fix up my HP2550 printer?
Which is better? My Chemical Romance or Sponge Cola?
Will france go through to the next round?
kasper sky anti virus?
can you get aids if you taste somebodys blood?
Which part of the game should  improve by India?
What is haploinsufficiency?
What do you wish you did before you left the military?
Wha???....?
Do you look?
Help Please anyone with the video game fifa world cup 06?
Am I being overreactive?
What are the symtoms of lupus?
how can i tell him i like him??
I need sights for a Savage Stevens 325c?
If a Woman commits a Crime?
can an Indian guy win a heart of a American girl?
girls ,ladies,women...??
Rocking your head while trying to go to sleep?
how can you turn a friendship into something more romantic?
How can i convert a digital signal to voice?
What is the best baseball video game?
Why did you change your maps and driving directions page?
whats the different between bechelors degree and associates degree?
Was the war between the North and South inevitable?
How to rekindle the passion in a relationship?
1+1                  ?
what is the top speed of a nuclear aircraft carrier?
Do women like guys with chest hair?
How many users worldwide use Instant Messaging?
the effect of light intensity on the rate of photosynthesis?
How does a bridge loan work?
Am i a messianic jew??
tips for holiday gift exchanging?
can you add more?
OK...I need some help?
where to get Automated tools for QA?
Why would you want to trick someone and hurt their feelings?
Does your religion allow you to get angry?
What are dreams and how can we understand what they mean?
hey guys what?
anyone with ideas /products to sell in uk??
which country can I find a free tuition university?
What outfit was Princess Diana buried in?
Can you use proton flow instead of electron flow?
Can a person be shot for going AWOL?
which people of a perticular country.?
Should political favors be outlawed?
Does anybody know the time period that Frankenstein in set in?
Can I burn a movie from a burnt movie?
What are your worst and favorite smells?
What is the best film school?
hw many centimetres is 5 ft 10 inches?
What is the biggest thing you have seen?
wht is your nick name?
doctor or nurse who can give idea?
So... (related to The World Cup)?
how can we stop bullying in schools?
Who knows this?
What would be the best career for me?
For ten points...?
Do you think that Daniel Radcliffe suits the role of Harry Potter?
What is a good gift for a Hungarian?
Preapplication to Dartmouth...?
Who runs FIFA?
a theme for matematics?
Question for Christians?
Formula of the Tear Gas used by police?
What type of business should I start at home?
Toned Arms/Toned Stomach?
How does scoring work in tenis?
Questions about Navy Seals?
view on RESERVATION in GOI?
what is oxime?
whos your fav team and why?
what is taebo?
Could someone please help me explain the 4 characteristics of a mineral?
The "industrial heart" of Europe is located in the?
What do you think about older siblings and why?
what is the value of zero over zero?
What are the queen of England's duties and responsibilities?
In nursing, are hospitals the only places offering 12 hour shifts?
what does it feel like to pass a gall stone?
can someone teach me how to use UML and XML?
what you called thank you in spanish?
How did you find God?
is it holy?
free classes of  ESL on line ?
Big Bang the beginning?
How can I find my address using satellite imaging?
How do you un-IM a message on AIM?
Compred to yellow light, orange light has?
more training or more employees?
Any ideas for our deer hunting opener weekend shirts??
what is the most famous author in the world?
any george michael fans?
How many people are happy about a Blond Bond ??
which nba player has scored 100 points in one game?
do you have autistic friends or family members?
In plants, active transport is used to move?
Why rocks on building rooftops?
who can play tennis?
what is a substitute for aspirin for your heart?
Chances of getting on IBEW?
brian lara's email address?
Is Montana a State?
How do I file for unemployment online?
Does anyone know anything about graduate student PLUS loans?
why do I hate so many people around the world???
What would you do for these ten points?
what si a stressed vowel?
what exactly is a baby boomer?
Finding a formula for the inverse function?
what do you prefer? desk or wall calendar?
Who is your favourite TV judge?
Does anyone have Depersonalization Disorder?
what papers do i need to terminate someones parental rights?
Prision Break second series?
Who writes history?
what do you know about camellias?
balance of power system?
what is online bill pay?
who is batman?
Explain the function of the menisci of the knee?
Can an 80min CD hold 1.3 hours of songs?
How was EXXON MOBILE formed?
discuss the evil in owing a business?
Advice from separated parents?
What is 'super sub' actually?
Tell me something I don't know about the military?
your butt is big?
Question about voting for Governor?
Online jobs?
If I quit smoking, will I still look this cool?
Help needed regarding Income Support Benefit?
Maradona or Pele? why?
Can oral herpes become genital herpes?
how does watching television for several hours effect human eyes?
who knows this song?
What do you think of speed skating?
why is ocean blue?
how to give up smoking ?
How much does a typical sized house cost in your area?
how can i get rid of male breast?
Is it weird to consider Marylin Manson hot??
how my teachers see me ?
where can I find cheap property on the west coast of Florida?
How often do u work out?
What month do you dislike the most?
Why aren't there ever any guilty bystanders?
What is a good name for a headshop?
I got my results on my mammogram and??
Any republicans out there???
what was passover about?
tetraplegia?
what is popular in duramax performance and does it work?
what is the best place you wanna go?
Sexual Experience?
i wan the history of air transport?
does debt management service hurt credit score?
properties in ireland under 100k in euros?
what is your favorite tv show?
What is the best "yo mamma" joke out there?
Can child support be taken out of commission checks?
Is problem gambler is inborn?
what is a bracket defence?
what school zone is 38017 in?
Can you die from skin cancer?
Do you know what a sconny-run is?
Do chinese Keyboards have more keys with more symbols?
How can you tell If a guy is running game?
what is quality sex or intercourse?
what is absolute time ,space and rest?
Waffles with peanut butter or syrup?
HP or Canon printer??
Hey..Wats its likely to be a celebrity?
is any one in color guard?
Why native Americans are called Indians?
What is a spy satellite?
What is selling?
Did Linkin Park serperate?
where can u get spongebob pictures?
how can i tell if my friend likes me?
is using weblog a viable means of improving CRM?
what is the easiest and fastest way to loose weight?
Does indecent exposure apply to cars on the highway?
What Band Sings This Metal/Rap Song?
Home cures?
what is bams real name?
Who is more secretive? CIA or NSA?
Need an Email address for Fox Sports Net 2?
Does anyone know?
commodity trading?
what is the ANSWER?
My Girlfriend wants to snowball?
Why do we call them.....?
Did Jesus ever get married?
What is the longest time someone has gone without sleep?
UK regarding caravans?
how can we find true girlfriend?
who invented the formula for speed?
For Muslims?
Do hospitals practice medicine?
What is the deifnition of a derby match?
I feel really bad!!!!!!?
Could I possibly be pregnant? Or is this something else?
software cost estimation?
Where is a good website for clipart?
How will you worship me when I am your ruler?
Once you solve the mysteries of the universe...?
Does "Smoky The Bear" Smokes?
Are internet friends really friends?
Periodic table of elements.?
how to become a millionare withoutinvesting?
What program do you use to make videos?
how do you describe color to a blind person?
why wont my best freind tolk to me?
Can someone still be trash without a trailer?
i want musical site where words of the sings are writen?
girls only.?
What's is better than a good sex?
Who is having a record to make fastest centuary in ODI?
Intergrated Lotto Prize Inc..?
should barry bonds retire after this year?
how to clear the history in ie 6 if it disabled?
Help...come quickly its urgent?
What country was Gregollini  born?
Break down your average day?
do you remeber your first day at school ?
what kind of state is FIRE ?
Have you voted today? Why or why not?
Is intelligent design a valid theory to counter evolution?
I bought another computer, how do I check my email?
how much do u weigh?
What do writers charge to write annual report copy?
Freshman and Senior!?
Finding an Earthquakes Start time?
what's the point to toenails?
how many types of card games are there?
Flossing questions?
What does it take to become the president of the united states?
How do you change tour password?
can you see satillites in space from earth?
Any OTS tips?
guys help me!!!!!!!!!?
Do you think there will be a nuclear war in your lifetime?
How should I rent an apartment in New York?
who is your favourite artist or track at the moment?
Do you think Elvis Presley is still alive?
How can I afford to attend graduate school?
How do you know you should kiss someone?
kising is a new thing to me!!?
anyone got any good excuses for being late to work?
How come no one else posts any info about themselves?
What did Cosmo Kramer Say?
What is the meanig of the word  BANK?
how to look for a new job?
SLA for network vendor?
where can i find a club where they play reggae music?
Just wondering?
How can I remove linksynergy from my computer?
What or Who is the Dahli Llama?
I forgot my elephants name?
Any other Will Moseley fans out there?
what is the second largest city of Honduras?
i am a capricorn and born on...?
Does anyone know any good websites about the civil war?
Playful Sex?
robin van persie's baby??
Am i the only Dawson's Creek Fan?
How long after you eat should you wait to excercise?
Where do you hide your "toys"?
How are the teams in the BCS title game decided?
how much benificial of studyign java?
how much time does it take for a person to freeze?
Who is the best rapper alive?  Why?
A question about shingles?
Question For Spurs Fans?
What kind of head ake is this?
what is textile weaving?
what is UDP in networking?
What is the most interesting thing u know about wolves?
who was called the drum god if rock and roll in 70s?
Do you believe in signs?
Broken Leg...?
Tradicional Korean Martial Arts?
How many kids do M.Ali have?
Will ferrari beat renault this year?
reports on british lit?
Who was the first United Nation Secretary General from the Africa continent?
Would you vote for someone running as an independent for president?
what is the purpose of gov't?
Why are the olympic games every 4 yrs?
When does a walk become a run?
Anybody using BT Broadband ADSL Connection?
What are some good brand names for skating shoes?
Why keep alternate possession?
what century was the book othello set in?
where can i get 100% free downloadable music?
Did You Hear About the Boy In Class?
what about Allah?
relationship?
Do you listen to Howard Stern? Why?
What is ACA accreditation?
how do i know if my saddle is an albion?
Where are you and what time is it there right now?
What muscles are used by frogs in breathing?
Why are we at war with Iraq and so on?
Who's Hot,who's not?
ok i need help, plz answer ASAP?
I which language do you study Physics ?
football question?
USA is about to lose??
Can H-1B be extended beyong 6 years?
what is aresanob?
Why is it when my wife farts....?
how can i be a nascar driver?
how do you make an instant messanger?
who are the german players played for liverpool?
What comes to mind when I say the word...?
What grade are you in?
Who is the best all type soccer player?
Disadvantages and advantages of manual accounting?
is it normal for a famale teenager to masterbate?
Guest worker plan is Amnesty?
who likes hillary duff?
what is the capital of georgia?
Barcelona or arsenal, who will win the cup?
arena football?
what is the national average credit score?
Which country lost the all in game in world 2002?
What bass does Shavo from System of a Down play?
How do i get by a filter?
Are Ghost busters , holyGhost ?
next super-power country?
what is the importance of a salesman over being an office worker?
I'm feleling this person well hard?
how can you improve the windows media player?
Again not compairing th books.....?
how do you win entries?
the qusion is below?
Confusion..?
What year did curling join the olympic games?
Is most of the info on Wikipedia right?
is this the dumbest site you have ever seen?
is capacitor linear devics?
Wondering about criminal background check.?
Should I stop making those fat jokes about Penguin?
Using a butt-plug while swimming?
what is the effect of oxygen in c4 plants?
How can i design my own website?
a relgious question?
what are some of albertas recorsus?
I didn't vote for president, is that bad?
How do shy girls reject guys?
Can you find the answer to these questions?
All white girls are Attracted to black guys right?
Why do people not believe in God when miracles happen Everyday?
where did the phrase "pardon my french come from"?
what is the most rarest type of phobia?
Why did Colin Powell leave?
where can i find Free music  to download on my computer?
Handwriting: cursive or print?
One of the earliest examples of an acronymn?
Was Pele truely the best football player ever?
What is the best way in preventing a sore throat?
Why do people think that religious beliefs MUST be respected?
Where can I find Kentucky Derby silks, 1900-1903?
Baby FATT!?
Trigonometry mathematicians?
Who do you think you are talking to?
Who is Christ, and how do you KNOW?
where can i find nursing websites for RN?
How can one catch fever?
How do you find motivation to work out alone?
Are you living in a dream within a dream?
question for blacks?
Was 9/11 a self-inflicted wound?
Tax credit for college tuition and Hope Scholarship funds?
how is a nurse related to chemistry or physics?
are scorpio and leo people good together?
what is computer science?
how many planits are there?
is their a way to build a time machine?
what is your favorite ride at disneyland?
I want to know how to throw a good punch?
I need an extended metaphor poem.?
What is the closest major city to South Sister Mt in Oregon?
why can't there be more than one universe?
What's a good song that deals with survival?
where can i find pictures of celebrity feet?
Favorite God?
Where to find proplus.msi file on my computer?
Is Chelsea the best of the best in English premiere league?
What is the best deodorant for a female?
Why guys makes us suffer?
inormation about business fire stone?
who`s got teletext on their tv?
Is there any way to overclock...?
Any depression tips??
Help please all mathematicians?
Need blank hockey score sheets?
What was "Murder Inc."?
This question is asked by a person in need???
What is the victorian period?
what are the top selling and worst selling product for blockbuster?
how do i ...?
What is multiple personality?
WHats the best YO MOMMA joke?
brothers n sister?
what is the meaning of UCFS?
Do you know Michaela Dorfmeister?
Best information sources in Chapter 7 Bankruptcy.?
Should i stay with him?
penguins in cold places?
candles Life Span how long can you keep a candle?
tell me any course releted to business besides BBA?
whast the distance of a 5k run?
Where you can find Python snake?
why is it  ?
Weird Physics Help?
How do I open my inbox to read my mail?
can i know what is the architecture of oracle 10g?
What are the needs for fire and accident safety legislations?
Is there anything wrong with having 3 somes???
what is the longest name of a person in the world?
Should I go?
how do you get a guy to like you?
how do you french kiss?
como respirar cuando corres?
what is qropecia?
Who's better? and why?
Spatial varaion in the environment or temporal variation?
can you correct the sentence?
If your walls had eyes, what would they see right now?
Bottom right side of my lip is swollen?
how do you clean a 22 automatic handgun?
hormone insuline?
How do you get a guys attention?
Relocating?
How could be develop our sixth sense?
Who is your favorite celebrity?
who is the best indian cricketer???
who will the Nets get at the 2006 Draft?
what are good fanasty baseball team names?
just men answer..?
Why am I unable to attach a file to an email?
?!? help with my backstoke!?!?
Who am I and why am I here?
What's a Porch Monkey?
What is a good theme for an anthology of American works?
what is a BC5 printout from unemployment?
where can I look for upcoming jordan retro collection?
Question about the plague?
Who appoints the vice president when the office is vacant?
What are the most important values of being a human being?
Relatively speaking?
Are there any single girls in the Vancouver bc area ?
what is a clock?
Judging people around you?
Im offered a job at a bigger company?
Which is the best software nowadays in programming Artificial Intelligence ?
We found a gravestone in our backyard. Dated 1817?
Question:   Who is wrong?  Me or My Girlfriend?
Have you ever encountered anything strange while in deep meditation?
What qualities make a great goaltender?
Red bumps on my stomach what could it be.?
Fishing Help Please?
Why Strings in the String theory?
what is my wife's name?
What ever happened to Bernie Carbo?
How can I format / reformat new / used hard drives ?
Worried about penis damage?
How much does your pastor make in a year any idea?
what do children say about feminism?
What famous person do people say you resemble?
Does anyone seen the show, Absolutely Fabulous?
what does AQA mean?
A Religious Question?
how to carry out an innovation audit?
Why did The Game get kicked out of G-Unit?
does haro have good parts?
By total fast i meant,No food only water.?
What is cache memory?
What's your favorite Soccer team?
Who is Eduardo Duran and Bonnie Duran?
are the Undertaker and Kane brothers in real life?
where do i found a girl friend.?
what is the meaning of the name xian?
list of colleges that accept ACT composite score 17?
i want  to know more about sap sd certification?
when will we send a ship to another star?
what are biophotons?
Trying to track a name with a number on my phone bill?
Marriage part 3...hmmm?
Will Miami cover (-7) vs LSU?
The 4th of July?
what does E.S.P.N. stand for?
What is better Sims or Sims 2 and why?
Where can I find free music sheet for Stephan Moccio?
Can residents in US earn $$$ doing Online Survey?
Buddhists, do I understanhd this correctly?
does weight training immediately before running effect running performance?
d0 you believe that friendship can be broken?
I need to know everything on the ancient arabic civilization?
who won state representative in penn?
What is your all time fave book?
What are some street names for marijuana?
any 1 one want 2 talk to me?
Why is soccer so boring?
Health Insurance for unemployed 64 yr old male with health issues?
why doesn't she care about how i feel???
why is islam the fastest growing religion i the world?
Is the RENU contact lens solution harmful to the eyes?
What, in Islam, happens to women when they die?
where can i get good font types?
how can i get away from inferiority complex?
how much is 10000 dinar worth in us?
why English is being more and more important?
how do i tell him i love him?
Why do you have memories?
what is the official "girls next door" website?
where are all the squirters! im one myself?
how do you get yahoo toolbar?
what is an abnormal collection of fat and fluid under the skin?
what happened to all the water after the ice age?
Who's more fun to watch Lebron or Wade?
i have a friend with a male problem?
Does anyone here look like a celebrity?
why is yawning contagious>?
Where can this verse be found?
algebra anyone?
I need to come up with an ordered pair?
The vow of silence...?
Guy I work with attracted to me?
I have talent thank you and soccer is gay.?
What is a jpeg?
Republicans you were all Screwed! How does it feel ?
what color is the opposite of blue on the color wheel?
Why are some people born beautiful and become ugly?
What does red bumps down along the spine mean?
What is the best remedy for mold allergies?
text messaging out of the country?
am i doing something wrong?
smallest day of the year?
Should we have a woman president in the US White House?
Hypothetical Question?
We are all citizens of the same planet?
Do you fill Brasil will win their game tomorrow?
What is difference between CENTER AND CENTRE?
Can I check my credit score without having to pay for it?
who is the best baseball team?
Don't you just hate the new technology?
has anyone heard of Dr. Keith?
who is the richers footballer of the year?
What are the physical and chemical changes that occur in fireworks?
how to start old computer business I need some advice please?
What do you think about Jamie Foxx?
Is Anna Nicole Smith constantly on drugs?
Snow or Sun???
Question for all the ladies?  ~check details!?
what do you think..?
who was generals grants field assistent?
what do people need the most of?
What are the best brands of bearings for a skateboard?
Why are their so many different kinds of Christians?
What's the best thing that ever happened 2 u?
how many people were killed in world war 1?
what is the difference between weights and dumbbells?
my speakers are messing up?
1111 binary to decimal?
Who will win the rushing title this year?
What inspires you?
what is MIME format?
Is P2P legal in the Philippines?
What you know about Malaysia?
What is your favourite Toronto Make Me Laff joke?
what is soil?what are the component of soil?
how is a basketball hoop made?
Most Over-rated movie of all time?
Do think about the world without computers?
This is just fine right?
How can i tell my thank to someone?
how many people are working on answering these questions?
what is 2 P in S A?
Where have all the people who can spell and articulate gone?
what does the word rour means?
Where can I find instructions for making origami fortune cookies?
How much should a first year teacher earning should be?
what is a three star general call?
What would you define as an 'addiction'?
Would you rather be rich & famous or just rich?
How many of you think the American Empire will never fall?
i need to know how u females like the armed services?
Who's gonna win the FIFA world cup?
What effects does heroin have on society?
how much abuse will I receve?
Anyone else think this society is a SEWER?
Stupidity and ignorance is there a difference?
who the cooliest famous person?
interesting and catchy theme for orientation event?
Can you forgive yourself for what you've done?
Are girls allowed to go to school in Turkey ?
Does every linux process have a parent process?
what public relationship straegy do people use in company ?
i need a magic spells?
When people start to use cuss words around you?
are u hiring for any shifts?
what should the juventus do about zlatan?
If something is pasteurized, can you still see it?
investement Vs speculation?
How can i prevent and get rid of cold sores quickly?
the theme....?
Miss Fortune?
Why don't we have Thanksgiving music?
What is 2+2?
Does solar flares or sunstops effect satellite reception.?
How do i delete my yahoo 360 page?
What is the history of FC Cup?
Do you seriously believe the environment is in any serious peril?
Soldier Life?
niigata marine engine made by japan?
How do battery testers work?
What do you do if....?
2nd Battle of Bull Run?
Are hernia's hereditary?
The best way to a quality start with Java programming?
What does the name Lebo mean?
fake or real nails?
What type of climate is hot or warm all year round?
Will Terrell Owens win the MVP this year?
Do Muslims like to live life & Rock?  Amazing answers?
high school?
Where can i find cracked games on the internet?
what do ((* mean *)) around a word?
Who won: Brazil or Australia?
Who is your celebrity crush?
do you know any medications against shyness?
Mechanical Engineering...help?
how to train coon dogs?
what is defination of consciousness?
what r some cool yearbook sayings?
Who Here Loves Tennis??
Unique weight loss Question....?
What ever happened to Martina Hingus (Tennis player)?
approximately how many people currently live in United states ?
how long does codeine show in a urine test?
Design a human growth hormone expression plasmid?
What agency regulates business websites?
Age gaps...?
Physics 1 Question?
do women cum?
Question about Spam?
Are you often disappointed in your life for some reason?
if veins are blue, why is blood from a cut red?
when does the thanksgiving dinner start?
who likes the song get up by ceara?
enemy at the doors?
Why don't I?
Do you think NASCAR is an athletic sport?
What is old faithful?
do you like it?
God says it's ok to rape!?
Why are conservatives so forgiving of their heros?
How many "F's?
dose any one remember t bag?
The Best President Ever?
How to supervise difficultstaff ?
what is teritiary qualification?
i've got problem with computer.?
What size Hard Drive is considered big?
who was the oakland raiders first round pick in 2002?
looking for partner, can i find one?
HP 6L Printer processing slow??
Do Men Change???
anyone love speedskating?
What are the melting and boiling points of the element Cerium?
anyone know a really good love quote??
what the different between pepsi and coca cola?
Who do you think is going to win American Idol?
where does Terrell Davis stand on all-time rushing yards?
Does eating peanuts cut down calories or increase?
Why are some people 'attractive'?
What was the 1999 record for Argentina's National Soccer Team?
what is the user account asp.net?
opinion of abortion?
What do Mormons believe?
What Magick have you personally created.?
messenger 8 is the worst i have ever seen!?
Any ideas for what I could get for Christmas?
I know I already asked, but please help?
who hit the maximum goals in the last world cup?
Was Saddam linked to al Qaeda?
Is ITIData.Org a scam?
WHO WILL WIN fifa world cup 2006?
why  do cannabis  smokers behave well  than alcohol drinkers.?
what causes iron deficient anaemia?
What is the name of a reflected radio or radar beam?
can a person whos been blind all their life have dreams?
should a skinny girl like a sorta fat boy?
Who's Goin All the way?
how can i promote my web site?
I hate my sister so bad?
how many of you do watch porn movies or magazines?
wat is the most common first and last name on earth?
Stress card? Who needs a stress card?
does Ruben Blades have a sister?
what is biodiesel?
A weird 6 pack?
Creating a 3d button?
any one know a good website to find rental homes?
what happen to sammy sosa?
Have you ever wanted to just run off and join the circus?
Lost Photo's  help??
What is a BETA version of a software or application?
why do some homosexual people claim to be christian?
what percentage of the UK population currently has a passport?
What is Diabetes?
What are the penalties for driving without a valid licence in Illinois?
What is the American Coalition for Humane Religion?
Online criminal justice classes?
Anyone think the Panthers will do anything next year?
Hostile Work Environment?
What is Eon 8?
why do my legs itch when i stand up sometimes?
What is a Antonym?
Why does Yahoo have a different start page on different computers?
I think James Blunt is gay. Is he gay?
Whom the Bible is referring to in Isaiah 42:?
Which is worse, emotional or physical pain?
Dragon has a poll for you to take please?
At what temperature will a PC fail?
So what exactly does it sound like when doves cry?
which is the biggest temple in kerala?
I want to find out if I owe child support.?
how to putdown the weight?
What celebritys live in New York?
WindowsXP+Flash9 - no go - any ideas?
Do you think there is racism towards immigrants?
Keep trying to get him back or move on for good?
What countries did not sign the Geneva Conventions?
where does everyone live?
where do they have the most earthquakes in the world?
for those in the military, pls answer this?
how do you deal with depression?
i have fever?
difference between a rock and a stone?
How does posting your own bond work?
do anyone know a funny joke??
What do you all think of the matter?
looking for a online survey site...any good ones?
Is MySpace really that bad?
what is epizon?
Your views on Salman Khan and the black buck hunting?
What is the most often misspelled word in English?
Are women naturally lewd?
How much nutmeg does it take to get high ?
the biggest soccer association in the world?
will us attack iran?
Why is bbl used as an acronym for barrel?
How can I get taller in a week?
2006 match schedule of Indonesia's national football team?
How to found a political intiative in the US ?
ATTN Eagle Scouts - How can I help my boyfriend?
How is the U.S. Capitol Christmas tree chosen?
lector dr. dorin pocriciuc?
Can off keep bees away ?
Public nudity should be legalized or should be banned?
Who likes the Lords of Dogtown movie?
Who is the most underrated wrestler?
I am 21 so why don't i have regular periods?
I have the answer to easy and lazy weight loss!!?
If God is perfect..?
Explain this list?
What causes ocean tides?
HELP college problem!?
Why do kids seem to  prematurely develop physically these days?
story problem?
What goods do the Scientologists have on Tom Cruise?
Who's your favourite team and your favourite player?
how does smoking affect the respiratory and circulatory system?
who is the intended audience?
do think this is the best blonde joke ever?
funny stuff in the booty?
I am so confused!!!!?
what are the names of the books in the bible?
does insurance cover assisted suicide, and how much does it cost?
how do i get the gas gauge on my boat to work?
best horror movie ever made?
what is Arkansas known for..??
Starwars Episode III and the United States?
Why do men love to moan about anything?
Do UFO's really exist or ar they made up?
how do you leave a union without leaving your job?
Medical School?
who really likes to watch smallvile,here?
what would u call this?
Cingular Data connect for my home network internet connection?
where do i look for fresh busiNess ideas?
jokes for you,courtesy yahoo groups?
What's the Hip Hop Summit Action Network?
how do i know if i have iframe?
Is it possible for a girl to be just friends with guys?
Why are humans and cats so closely related?
how to make a web page offline?
what percentage of the world's population has green eyes?
HOW international exchange rate are decided?
the average students taht stay up late.?
Does anybody like Relient K or Superchick?
How was your Thanksgiving?
Do you know why that dreadful disease?
What conditions cause thunderstorms to form?
Do you wait patiently for a good friend to contact you?
Border disagreement settled by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo?
something you can see but weighs nothing?
When do I call on him?
How can I submit an idea for a TV series?
How do I get a interior design job?
do you get rebock sticks anywhere in india?
What national folklore makes you proud of?
What's the procedure for incorporation?
Did the Spurs win last night?
starting a business?
What are some basic facts about monkeys?
Does anybody know the Http and port for taxcut?
What would you have said?
What is the Meaning of Life?
how to make an ad flyer?
can you rock climb after a breast augmentation?
Girls Only Please - Removing Pubic Hair?
why do headstones at graveyards always face east?
What is wrong with my semen?
What is Microsoft's current capital structure?
I am interested in knowing more about African Drums?
Being a nanny in the U.S?
why isnt any1 answerin my ?
what is the safest way of masterbution.?
American National Anthem...in Spanish??
do you know what real love is?
What's the name of membrane that covers up the bones?
hatred against gays....?
Is it true that black holes can be used for time travel?
were there butterflies in the time of the dinosaurs?
who is the best striker in world foot ball today?
Does it worth to work in KPMG?
the high education in coreia?
Martha Stewart or Oprah????
Who loves Goldfrapp?
Do they put underwear on corpses?
Who is likely to get Acupuncture?
who's ur favourite football player?
ex-boyfriend?
Bounced pay checks?
Is unilateral divorce the same as mutual consent?
Does anybody know an English school that has a cheerleading squad?
how do online antivirus services work?
whats the funnyest joke that you ever heard?
for guys would you like to date aporn girl?
how old is too old?
What part of downtown Seattle has great apartments for an urban lifestyle?
is washington state copyrighted?
Natasha? Are you here?
whats the most common form of suicide?
New Movie about a midget thief?
Should you kiss on a first date?
scattered t-storms and isolated t-storms?
I got bit twice yesterday?
formula for converting lbs to kilograms.?
Does Vince beating Shawn and God makes him god?
What NBA team is named after a car part?
What does thing Quote mean???
Is there a copy of the Cold Mountain Report?
Who is Sukan Makmuri?
who ARE you?
how does the boys and girls club effect adolescent development?
Should everything be legal?
Are the Red Sox the best team in the MLB?
Which man should I date?
will it make a sound?
how do you know if your in love?
how many superheroes were created between 1940-45?
How can I increase my vertical Leap?
who is paul revere?
Guys' 14-17 years old?
how can you estimate the adult height of your child?
I live in Buffalo NY?
is mount wilshire a real volcano?
Did anyone else hate Elizabethtown?
how long is an lsat score good for?
ce faci esti?
Next question...?
Iraqi Freedom Indeed , why ever so true now?
Can Texas leave the USA and become an independent country?
why is Jay Brown late for work again?
Why does swimming make you taller?
Help with an egg allergy?
which child killer would you like to kill?
what is a pink moon?
What is code of practices?
Do you believe in horoscopes?
what music u lik?
what does system developer do?
more...math help?
How many electrons doeszinc (zn) have?
Pass or Fail!?
What score did George W Bush get on the GMAT?
Homework Do-er?
what do i do if i was injured at work?
Are apes as intelligent as human beings?
What is the difference between Lasers and LEDs?
Is it normal for my bf to find other  women attractive?
what 3 people can legally marry couples?
how to setup hobbit monitor?
what does dmaci stand for?
have you seen saw 3 yet/?
Arguments against the patriot act?
why people us ear phones when they use mobile?
how do you say "minimum day release" in Spanish?
how many states are there in the us ?
Is God hard to find..??
How can my High School class raise money?
why do people want to become prison officer?
If I shot someone dead.....?
how i can know a girl interested in sex?
What are the best advantage of Gemini's?
how do u start off to have sex????
what is the average size of Tony Blairs brain?
What employers expecting during interview?
American Idol phone # for final show 5-22-06?
Is there anything besides surgery that can get rid of stretch marks?
What part of my body has my right hand never touched?
Why does it seem like guys are only interested in sex?
why are cells so small?
Need help on this question i dont seem to get?
diazo linkage?
Who here likes Tori Amos?
name the organism that travels using its teath?
Is voting here more important than voting for President?
science question please answer?
who is good at snowboarding??????
Hannah Montana CD?
What should be my weight?
Why are people so homophobic?
What players in the NBA don't receive enough credit?
How do I do this?
joke for you?
What is your least favorite time of the year?
used equipment pricing like kkb does cars?
The concept of gender-role identity differences?
Questions about archangel Michael?
VB.NET automated e-mails?
why do plasma exisit in all living thing?
How many people move to Phoenix metro area per year?
What are your opinions of false arrests?
what are the sources of christology?
What can be done to prevent cyclones from occurring?
do you use mouse serial or laser mouse ? and why?
What Three words best describe God"s Love for you!?
best affilates?
who is clay aiken's man love?
What do I write?
Why should music be censored?
Dr. Robert Fox regarding Philippine History?
what are the names of some cardiovascular exercises?
Is it possible to be lonely in a big city?
Will you be voting Democrat or Republican on November?
What are the top 100 sunniest places in the world?
Anyone who has root canal treatment and dentist please reply too?
what is the best way to combat cancer?
Week 13 Quarterback: Manning, Brady, or Romo?
what colleges and universities are in san francisco?
I signed up. Now what about my world cup tickets?
What right are protected in the bill of right?
Who is the worst and the most overrated footbaler?
restorative art and mortuary science?
What is FIFA Fair Play Award ?
just in time is not possible in india.?
When will WM 2006 begin exactly?
what is major difference between boys and girls?
what are objects that cannot float in water?
The temperature of the Earth may be increasing because?
What female tennis player won US Open in 1991?
united states embassy for abidjan?
what do you think about tummy-tuck?
levis  or  lee jeans?
Lacking accuracy on Model 700 Remington shooting 260 rem?
Where can I write Pope Benedict?
re 19 year old and 42 year old?
How many calories do I burn when cycling into work?
Do you agree with this statement from Tom Delay?
Can you Identify these Bugs?
how do u change ur background on myspace???
What is the medical term for your foot "falling asleep"?
where and how should i celebrate my 21st birthday.?
Republicans are you ready for a taste of your own medicine?
who is your favorite baseball player ever?
looking for 1970's group called War?
Does nebody no who these celebrities are goin out w/?
What movies currently in the theatres are worth seeing and paying for?
cannot get optical mouse working?
can anyone suggest an online backup service?
what are the best movies you have seen?The worst?
Walk-through of this geometry problem? please?area again?
Do you believe in miracles and guardian angles?
where can i find free printable business flyers?
what are the 10 components of Physical education ?
How Many FIFA World Cup tounements have been Played?
Who is  the best  boxer in  the  world?
Felony of the forth degree?
what is the best comic book movie?
how does bleach make clothes white?
Did  Muhammad really married a 9 years old gril ?
What the hell is up with Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes?
Do anyone know about adulterated food?
Seizure....sign of a disease?
microphone headsets for laptop computer to talk on skype?
if 3x+50=200 what is x?
What is charter change?
What do you sleep on?
Would riding a sports bicycle harm my posture?
I'm scared ofr my sister...?
How come the USA isn't that great of a nation?
I caught my girlfriend with another guy, what should I do?
simplex method, how to easiest understand its concept ?
How much does...?
How do I print something in white on colored paper?
Whats better Digg or Yahoo Answers?
which are the books available in coldfusion programming language?
what is the age limit for the Army?
What would you do if.....?
How can i get Information about Hacking Sites !?
How do you establish a new town?
Who will win the Super Bowl in 2006?
Idiotic school board!?
Why do people want to protect dangerous wild animals?
image editing?
What was the reason behind the banishment?
What is the best gaming video card to buy?
what is so bad about myspace?
where does the word 'pub' come from?
nfl definition of drop pass?
From the heart gift ideas?
My best friend and I are doing homemade gifts this year?
Has anyone attended Regis University Online MBA Program?
Who likes the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Why don't action-reaction forces cancel each other ?
poison concerts?
how did S.Freud explain the development of anorexia?
was michael jacksons dad abusive?
Ram lal  Sham lal ..?
why opening a program i get hit with spyware.?
SAT Scores how does it effect scholarships?
what is the depth of the red sea?
an electrician can make his own company???
Do you like sitting down to urinate?
Anyone have spot willy pictures or links?
Help with snoring?
what makes up a proton?
Where is Rio Nueces?
does anyone here have a motorola razr v3?
space and beyond?
45 Grave anyone?
why do people have phobias?
Where can I find my ISP?
Did Bush really bomb the twin towers?
well i ever stop missing him?
what is the best natural treatment for gout?
Country of origin of cricket?
What should I do??? Was I wrong???
I have a firearm I want to sell to an individual?
What did China invent and how did it change the world?
ehh anybody good at political stuff?
Can AC Milan beat Barcelona Uefa Champions League second leg?
Can u tell me any new posiiton of sex?
Best and Worst fans?
How many pounds are safe to loose in a month?
Can former lesbian lovers be close freinds?
what was that song on the oc this week?
i am going to......?
how to used softners in a complete sentence?
Help.. middle school social problems.?
what is metabolic diversity?
Is the Congress and Senator considered part of the legislative branch.?
what is meant by gametogenesis?
Do credit card companies recover bad debts accounts from insurance companies?
If i like this girl from a different country should it matter?
how many Year should it take to get 720 credit Score ?
Which Zodian Sign is the BEST?
He wants to take a break!?
A Mexican American for president of the US 2008??
Can Some One Tell Me About Jesse Owens Please?
What is the best online personals for a busy professional?
Does the USA supply many guns to other counties?
Why does it hurt when I have sex?
what is the abbreviation of brooklyn?
what is merchant bannking?
hindrance factors?
Friend Related Question?
What do i get my boyfriend for his Graduation?
Is it OK to change screen resolution on LCD monitors?
can working out when you have cirroses hurt you?
Has anybody seen Hard Candy?
Who besides me is bothered by this?
Do you want Shakira to teach how to dance?
US govt. is a terrorist.?
wat do u find yourself doing most of the time?
How do you write in the second person prospective?
QB controversy-Who should i start?
Best among active Players?
who won? TNT OR PARAGUAY?
what does the "o" in o-town stand for?
What is the name of this song & Artist??
Why does poor people always get scamed?
Why can't I download from files.to ?
Can U Play Pro Sports With A GED?
how do you  simplify square roots?
Is God the author of Evil?
Anybody from Europe on this site?
Allez les Boeufs ?
vampires???
So all good stories start with a bump on the head?
how do i advance my website up the ranks myself?
Will the entire universe become a blackhole?
How could i fly?
Just how rich is actually considered rich?
what year did the L.A.Rams leave town?
who was the first person to slam dunk a basketball?
Do you use GMail to store mp3's?
What are newsgorups?
Elephants and Donkeys?
How do I  turn down a coworker for a date?
wat is 43,381 divided by 4 is?
What are protons, electrons and neutrons made of?
What are the dimensions of a full size hockey rink?
what is  mucopolysaccharidoses?
Please help me?
Anyone heard of a golfer named Jaime Gonzalez?
Which is worse and why?
how can i get yahoo massenger?
Does anyone know where I can get original bumper stickers?
Will Republicans Find someone else to Stay the Same Course In 2008?
what dose D mean?
I am 26, I never visited any dentist. should?
interested in WWE?whose ur favourite superstar?
what is the difference between nature and nurture?
What do Christians call God other than God?
Who is your favorite actor?
How do I get free Script font?
How do you get a boy to like you?
Problem posting pictures on eBay?
what is meant by heat engine in thermodynamics?
what do u think about the illegals in US ?
need ur HELP!?
how do i get a alcohol licence for a day spa?
What vitamins are the best for a clear and healthy skin?
Is Donovan McNabb really out for the season?
how come tarzan doesn't have a beard?
OS X, Windows, or Linux?
Any advice, Husband getting circumcised?
I am NOT a doctor. Do you trust me?
any college football players out there?
Alcohol,  how are home brews made?
Where I find the site where I draw?
Who scored the best goal of all times?
how do you get an image background on myspace?
will i marry my love BHAVYA?
Whatever happened to tv series RELATED???
Can this person be sued?
How i erase my alternate e-mail id?
why are yawns contagious?
What is the difference between Formula One and Indy car racing?
the right to leave ..please look at my other message?
green vitrol means ?
What college did you go to?
what is clinical depression?
how to optimise my windows xp start up?
what conclusion do you make about this patient respiratory status?
is being gay wrong?
What is the pigeons top speed?
Collage Football ?
Please agree to stop answering KluK's questions?
Are Amerrcans goin' to keep Republicans in power?
how many sentences make a paragraph?
anything anyone knows about puting on casts for fractured bones?
anyone in the NAVY have any helpful advice for me?
Name the first journalist who went to the space?
What is the best album of 2005?
Who plays number 3 for Italy in the 2006 world cup?
Which arrow tip is better? (bowhunters only)?
diablo 2 iso download?
Medifast Users?
desirability and sustainability problems ofdemocracy?
fire beathing dragons?
Which is correct?
what is the derivative of X^2?
what was p short for in j.p morgan?
Looking for a 7z extractor?
does anyone know the name of this song?
USA next coach??
what Nickleback CD is the song Far Away on?
When taking your temperature...?
when should i have sex?
What happened in 1984?
how do i put my own  picture as my myspace background?
Chicago immigration attorneys rating?
How did one get rid of  a section 8 tenant from hell?
wtf am i ment to do?!?
When did the insulin pump become availiable for general use?
Who do you feel sorry for Nick cannon or Christina Milian?
Phlebotomy?
what is tyler perrys email?
have you herd of THE SIMSONS?
do guys really keep a "little black book"?
What's the expiration date for Clinton jokes?
what are the best colors for making certificates for a catering institute?
how old was george washington when he died?
Do you believe that everyone is equal?
what is the best way to get rid of skin tags?
need to find friends email address?
What is the average monthly rainfall in Berlin, Germany?
help! need song lyric help asap?
who discovered the steps to photosynthesis?
5 devided by 45%?
What color is your hair?
How can I locate my son if he was legally adopted?
what a halter?
Where can download music for free or for a flat monthly rate?
Analysis ? involving limits of functions and sequences?
what does it mean to suffer fools glady?
Qui est la meilleur?
Is it too late to become a flexible person without playing sports?
Is the stock RIMM a good buy today?
how do plant shoots respond to light?
Ledley King or Michael Dawson?
Housework Chores Husband or Wife?
Help! I dont know where to start!?
girl only plz?
My father is dying of cancer and has suffered for a year?
i need  to be love?
What is the perimeter of Jamaica?
is there a difference between DVD-R and DVD+R?
Confederate Gen.famed for charge at Gettysburg?
Should i call  him or not?
What are nematics?
seriously i need help here.?
How to go about learning VC++?
When are you at your happiest?
Do BC pills lower sex drive?
What exactly is a mutual fund? Simple terms please?
i am having trouble signing into small business using my password?
Can you find me a blank form for singing in?
what is current poulation of scotland?
Beleive in the big bang and not God?
What size are aim buddy icons supposed to be?
Important?
What does the name Humaira mean?
Profilic incidents?
What do you want your legacy to be?
Do people rely on modern technology too much?
solution for insufficient blood in body?
Name a song you can relate too.?
why some girls like to be a null?
How about geese? Do some stay in the cold?
U of M police at the Horseshoe?
What should I do?
who was the bronx bomber?
Are all humans related if you trace their roots back?
solve right triangles with given parts round off results?
how do I add mp3 files to a web page?
Help with physics!?
What do u know about operation MK-Ultra?
Who do u think will win the WC2006?
What does hybrid mean?
How do you read/convert guitar tablature?
who thinks hilary duff has gotten to thin?
do you know what PVC means?
Song Title for Rain, When you gonna rain again rain?
What is your ultimate sexual fantasy?
why is the sky blue?
how do I buy my first home with no down payment?
am I mad, am I depressed ??
What question did you answer  tonight that made you laugh the most?
How can I make this question count?
jugular venous pulse?
whats andre the giants finishing move?
What is John Madden's e-mail address?
Anthony Thomas or Edgerrin James?
Do you like having ice in your drinks?
What is spasfon?
shaving rash?
Who likes Tequilla Rose?
What is the name of the money in Brazil ?
what does mean by reflection in .net?
Did you know that Jesus was black?
What is sockets?What is the importance in Networking?
>_>  What does this smilie mean?
what is the Chinese companies listed in USA stock markets?
What do people in India consider beautiful?
Why did the value of money go down?
do guys date girls who wont have oral sex?
Where do I learn to be a motivational speaker?
what do you mean by military discipline?
trying to find info on cy fair baseball tournament?
a stranger made love to me?
How to tighten a screw?
ovum is another name for ?
What are ways crystals are used in everyday life?
what are the ill-effects of masterbation?
I'm so mad...?
Help me please?
What is homozygosity mapping?
Why was the movie Sholay rereleased?
Who Is The American All-Star Team?
how many gallons per keg?
Why does YA?
how to do additional mathematics project work?find the answer?
Describe the piedmont plateau?
how many college students are there in america?
disadvantage of living in multiethnic society?
Is USA prepared to wage war on Iran?
I need some hints on how to get kids to brush more?
How many cells are in the human body?
how to get revenge without going to jail?
Do government workers have unions?
should i call him (just say yes or no)?
Should marijuana be legalized and why?
graduation party ideas for psychology degree?
What are the essential items to take when going on a hike?
how to become a journalist?
Is Andrea Bocelli blind?
how can I bypass cyblock?
what does do diligence mean?
How can I force myself to do my homework earlier?
saul and illegally brown?
Ask me for help! Email and AIM?
what is your alltime fav sport and why?
How deep is your ocean?
how do I find an available single woman?
Is it  bad to be good?
what tv shows have been cancelled so far this season?
Anybody could inform me about the ISO standard for general tolerance ?
how do i attract a guy? what do guys want?
shawn michaels collapse?
Custody Battles?
What is the creepiest urban legend you ever heard?
what is the best free web site to learn spanish?
Girls only.What do girls want in a guy?
what are the physicalmuscular mechanics to make you vomit?
What religion pierces their nose due to their beliefs?
Is it ok to date a guy with out your parents knowing?
Is it a sin to question the bible?
Do you know anything about cosmology?
How can I get rid of my stereotypical thinking?
What do you use to clean your golf clubs?
why do women always want sex?
what is the different between removal proceeding and deportation??
can mexico be revolutionized..???
anyone out there have cohn's disease???
who thinks im?
how to get rid ofr pimples?
my computer is flashing and i have fuzzy picture?
Anyone dirt track race at Dixie Thunder Raceway in Many Louisiana?
Where can you find the longest list of random facts?
what is Leeds utd's original nickname?
When Will Chinese Democracy come out?
Best way for a loan officer to market to real estate agents?
who's the best sportscenter anchor?
need help for science project?
Am I overreacting?
how can i create a myspace layout with my own picture?
Death penalty; which is your position?
What PROOF is there that God is real?
question about the lyrics of Canada's national anthem?
How do pfizer and unilab determine their output?
hi can any one tell me what is this song called?
line rider?opinions?anything?
do u get fingerprinted evertime u get arested?
Why don't my questions get answers?
How about those Sabre`s?
Who sings this country song?
hou will you introduce a computer topic to class I child?
How do you fake a chinese accent?
is it possible to...?
Im really feeling this friend of mine what should I do?
what is the posterior projectionof a single vertebra?
Tell me another bedtime story?
Anyone know how to catch a cheating spouse?
What does the GSH mean on the Chicago Bears jersey?
can someone tell me the provinces of canada?
will rooney make it to the world cup?
What is a good gift for a left handed person?
what do paracetamol medications heal?
Is there a connection between breakfast and daily performance?
where do i find a ts in my area?
Who is that guy from those For Eyes eyeglasses commercials?
what influences the G1 checkpoint?
How to report a crooked accountant to state of CT?
How do I effectively prepare for a test?
What Does C.A.D Stand For?
How often should a toothbrush be replaced?
What is your sport ?  Who is your player?
What would you have done in the second challenge on Survivor?
how to stop sweaty feet?
what causes vaginitis?
Can you list some reliable online sources of the Chicago Fire?
What are you doing to promote South Africa World Cup 2010?
wat ur fav color?
Can objects move away from us faster than the speed of light?
Is it legal to get  "a poor mans copyright"?
I need to talk...to who?
Is tanzina near the Equator.?
Will the Cavs beat the Pistons?
which wrestler is the biggest or who wud win?
how do i get a loan on a mobile home title?
Why was homosexuality in the USA removed as a mental illness?
The vietcong tunnels?
what  ic  visual   basic?
why do people love?
i need help plz?
How do I make RSS feed for my website?
What should be included in making a client Fitness Log?
in what ways does racism still exist in the US?
Who can tell me how turn to the breaststroke looks like?
What do you all think of the fairtax plan?
How can Muslims expect us to believe they are a peaceful religion?
Who Likes ECW.And who do you like?
girl trouble?
stock market has crossed 12000! what does this mean?
What are some topics for argumentive essays?
Does anyone know any good proxys?
A social studies project?
How do you get more than 16 photos on myspace?
What is your opinion on all the rallies and protests going on?
where should i get free download music?
why do p.g county high schools have low test grades?
how do I measure capacitor ripple current?
Need instructions for partitioning a drive. Which software needed please?
what do you think on.?
Winamp skin question?
What Language is This ?
What song are you listening to right now.?
how do you report a mortage lender for fraud?
what day of the week is considered the day of rest.?
Why are mosquitoes attracted to water?
Why do people think Paris Bennett is annoying??
How much is a glass of water in terms of daily value?
What is Electrostatic Force Microscope?
What do i do???????
how can black people rise up and over come?
what is the optimal body fat percentage?
Do you have any reoccurring dreams???
How populated is your high school?
Is this domestic or child abuse?
What is the effect of alcohol consumption on platelet count?
Do they sell Wiis on Friday at 5am?
what will happen if switch off the computer without sign out ?
eating healthy?
do cops really have a monthly quota?
how to start a start a store on the internet?
who believes that IN FLAMES are the the best?
How do you say "semicircle" in Japanese?
Questions about music and why we like it...?
is there a natural way to enlarge small labia?
Problems having orgasm?
Does anyone Else feel prejudice against them just for being normal?
Why do some teens get caught throw food at their teachers?
Where did all the happy people go?
Anyone else feel completely unmotivated today?
How should I be punished?
how are energy and power dissipated in power plants?
Is Quirk an Irish name?
Who sings the 1970s song Bust A Groove?
What college in  Houston Texas is better for pharmacy?
how can i pass notes in class?
Why does God allow some people to be tortured without mercy?
what is the meaning of the phrase "fear of god"?
what club song is this?
How much gold is in Fort Knox?
Where can my dad rent a hospital bed in Washington State?
Who hates protesters?
Does this clip embarrass you as an American?
how do you eat food at home?
How many different types of candy are there in the whole world?
Does anyone besides me HATE soccer?
going to the dentist while in your first trimester?
Isn't there a resemblance to you too?
dream dictionary?
how do you cancel out a square root?
What is 45D = an AA of an IRT?
dull burning pain  where left ovary is located?
What does this mean???(anonymous)?
How do you say "Welcome to Sweden" in Swedish?
a question about soap?
Jay Cutler overrated?!?!!?
Present Question?
how do i wrtie 1 million dollars?
are there any good summer camps in India for kids from US?
my excite email account....?
Have you French kiss?
I'm unhappy living with my dad.?
when will rey come back?
One more riddle for today.?
Who are your 2 favorite baseball teams?
morning after pill?
Are yawns contagious?
What´s the funniest law in Virginia?
What does owning horses have anything to do with taxes?
Does anyone know the name of the following song.?
How do you pronounce Kenneth Branagh's name?
How do you know if you have Depression?
photoshop homework help?
What are "tweakers"?
How good is running for losing weight?
Are devout Muslims incompatible with mainstream American society?
How many hours difference is there from Pacific time to eastern?
anyone...HELP!!?
anyone here from the boston area?
who made skateboard???
where does Dr Condoleezza rice?
Does cranberry juice prevent diarreah?
Are you happy?
Was this past election a good indication?
How to add a Counter into a flash site?
What's your favourite quote?
who is the father of computer?
How would u go about doing an international people finder?
how would i go about pursuing a career in auto racing?
funny lol....?
astro-nameology?
i want to met girl for a casual dating?
Am I being discriminated against at my high school?
do you remember your 1st love?
Why are some people racist towards immigrants?
micheal jordon website for basketball shoes official site?
basketball?
Why is there a limit on how many answers we can give ?
What do you like best about Australia?
why this JOKE had to die?
What is the best site to build a Blog?
does anyone know how rentsseking relates to false disability claims?
What are my chances of remarrying?
I have a very close friend?
How could I become less shy around girls???
Is it normal?
do you want to count sheep with me?
Where should I look for employment?
Is University of Montana-Missoula a good school?
Does anyone know of some good paying jobs in elgin IL?
Ladies, Why is Valentines Day so important to you?
How do guys flirt??
who is the first developer of computers?
what are the function of uterus?
whats the best workout dvd's?
What is maraboutism?
Rational addition?
what is water sanitation?
if a guy,,,,,?
Anyone know why I cannot swop files between two computers?
What do you eat when you have diarhea?
what do u think about Irans president ?
Does a "New World Order" really exist?
Name of a song?
Should the UK be broken up into separate nations?
what is the best high schools in the Philippines?
What is the density of Sodium erythorbate?
How do I get laid?
What exactly is 'Acting' black?
do you like to give or receive gifts at Christmastime?
what is a hoary bat?
how to learen oracle?
What is the price of the element Mercury?
Why do fundamentalists believe the Bible is infallible?
When is a person considered stupid?
4 guys only?
how do i stop binge eating :(?
what was the worst sports feat ever achieved?
why do democrats have bad fashion sense?
Can you find any info about Bald Eagle?
How can i fix my hair?
Which organism has the most fascinating evolutionary adaptation for survival?
Where can I find articles by John Neff.?
justin timberlake - my love?!?
In the modern world , what  purpose do the liberals play?
Seeking Mark Shelton---?
where do i find inmates names that are in jail at?
my eyes are blue but what color would be nice?
Can anyone beat up chuck norris?
my name is Chairmaine, what does it mean?
Since no one got it the first time...?
Does anyone else have the last name Flournoy?
Will the Oakland A's win the World Series?
is going through a yellow light probable cause for a traffic stop?
how much do scientists get paid every year?
VB.NET can you see my code?
Swollen Lymph Node question?
what is the normal hert rate for 20 year old women?
Why do children have to have so many school holidays?
How do school vouchers promote school choice?
stomach pains????
What is the Bible?
Any Republicans / Democrats switching sides?
Who was first to call an electron an electrical mass?
Did anybody here win USA green card lottery?
How to remove warts without any medical or chemical substances?
What the hell did i do to deserve this!!??
what is web2.0?
advice plz?
how do i get rid of the my doom virus?
Does this riddle deserve an answer??????
will Cuba remain a communist country after Castro's death?
Emulators! HELP!?
How long is a soccer match (World Cup rules)?
Is there gonna be a season 4 of Laguna Beach?
Chem Question?
Are you gassy?
How do you keep a fool waiting?
What body type turns you on?
how do i flirt with a gay guy online?
what is meant by molarity?
how can i apply for a position at yahoo?
Rock's Fan Site?
what is the defination of Serendipitous Event?
what is mutiplixier?
supernatural powers?
How to calculate wavelength from frequency?
What is consumer sovereignty?
Christians, why do men have nipples?
what is the historical overview of the sixth amendment?
Who are some famous basketball players whose number was or is 44?
how many dots are on a NBA regulation sized basketball?
I have a personal qu!?
Do spells work?
physical map for Human Genome Project?
Is there really such a thing as a tree octopus?
who do you think will win the world series?
whats the quickest way to fine a decent date?
what does f4 mean in a criminal summary document?
What's the best music for making love to?
i need help!!?
the relationship between listening and knowledge.?
How did Tom Longboat contribute to Natives?
adobe on-line training?
what does the rooster mean on frances jersey?
Which medium record the maximum speed of sound?
Geometry Proofs?
How many questions do you ask a day on here?
regained all the weight i lost?
What is the longest word int he English language?
is gasoline a compound or a mixture?
what compounds is carbon in?
I'm going crazy!!!!?
Can you become a good dart player with practice?
Primidone used to treat tremors?
how do you poop?
why can you see a reflection in a mirage?
im looking for my ladybug,my queen?
What Music Videos has Jenna Dewan been in?
how do i find out about who to contact about hot checks?
how long is 5'6 on cm?
how do I ....?
Is online selling of particular items a good business?
What big Sports names have u met in person?
do you think ronaldinho is de best player??
how to create an effective employee individual development plan?
Should I go back to school?
i think someone should..?
Did anyone ever work at an amusement park?
What is the most destructive of all natural disasters?
divide and simplify?
How do you get yourself un-baptized?
Who was the first astronaut to go into space?
Who thinks that Owen's time is over?
"Just Do It" or "Impossible is Nothing"?
Why would you want to cross dress for?
what you meant by love?
Does COLD-FX medication work?
something about appearance?
MapQuest Aerial Photographs?
should mankind party so to destroy ourselves?
Who is the better comedian out of the following? And why?
Alternates to AdSense and BrightAds?
human inheritance patterns of the abo blood type system displays?
How many states ban gay marriages?
Required guidlines for Doing?
X factor question?
Are people abusing Memorial Day?
Why isnt the new external CD-ROM drive working?
In southeast Asia, what was the European influence?
where can i find sheet music for ray j?
What are some good songs i should download?
where does South Carolina get they're water?
Travis Tech scholl on winter lake road?
about love?
Why are there different kinds of volcanoes?
What evidence is there to show evolution is true then?
Do you know any one  who is getting married?
he wont let go of his mother?
Which is better - live together before or after marriage?
Who sung the final song in Walking Tall, the 1973 version?
i cant figure a certain guy out?
whats a good theme when you turn 16?
In North Caroilna executive branch who is secretary of state?
y dont ppl like zezima?
Will a Champ car drivers ever race at Indy Again?
Right to own guns?
how many people are sentenced to death row in the USA?
dead line for house exception?
being a manly man?
dear muslim brother and sister?
Does anyone else get really angry when dealing with technical support?
How tall do you guys think i'll be?
Who was India's first test team captain?
is it true that if your gay you are born gay?
taxes on pension?
North American Bullfighting League?
For 10 p where can I find??
Has anyone heard "4 minutes"?
who will come in 3rd in the seria a?
Did you know these interesting facts?
why is yahoo a bunch of pencil pushing nerds?
What does it mean when people say rin tin tin?
engineering-solved question papers?
They say applying for new credit can hurt your score, but?
what are the classification of contract?
Kids under IEP's with serious behavior problems?
who is the best basket ball player?
What is your favorite band whose name begins with the letter C?
Has anyone had persistant twitching caused by anxiety?
what does Bb abd Cc mean on emails?
Name 3 blacks in the bible?
Rasie ye hand if u dislike bush?
Server is down how can I restore it ?
How do you use a psychrometric chart?
70's show brownies?
So Depressed?
17th birthday party any ideas?
Grandma ruined thankgiving?
What causes a router to over-heat ?
is there any egyption woman here?
Autodesk Inventor V.7?
How many Gears Does A Pendelum clock Have?
what is the average size of a british penis?
How do you become a dental technician?
Need sponsors for natl pageant in august..?
???What if???
why does the media  compare michael jackson to prince?
question about asian history?
My boyfriend's mom doesn't like me.?
any suggestions what to wright a argumentation paper on?
Can you be on your period and still be pregnant?
How do you... ?
what kind of culture and lifestyle do chinese people have?
How do you milk a cow?
is there any body that wants a mailpal?
Does anyone want to estimate this?
what is fear of waking up in the morning called?
How to buy a house on $25,000 a year?
do u have myspace if so can u keep it protected?
isnt the number 9 a strange number?
how 2 lose wait?!!!?
who sings this?
Are some fats better than others?
Media Studies help...?
puberty and hormones?
why do donut have holes?
What is a free program like Outlook?
riddle me this.....?
What kind of table has no legs?
what is the most good solution to get visa 4 usa?
what is chikungunya?
Why do white people call each other white trash?
why is math so hard??????
How much you tip a barber?
Anyone play or used to play the guitar..?
which was the 1st world cup england took part in?
Can I bum a smoke?
iam need help very confused here?
Objectiveness, OK ?  Who will win Group B ?
What will us Maple Leaf fans do this play-off season?
How do I say 2006 in Spanish?
how many chemicals are in marijuana?
how do I instilling lock in the security door?
what is a good gameshow?
Which of the following should never be written as one word?
Compass Test?
What is -2-x=18-x?
what are some modern laws about murder?
whats the first thing you said when you woke up?
I would like to go further into Paganism?
which  horoscope best match the virgos?
hotest women and man alive?
How do they come up with the Ratings on TV?
Will paying off a collection account effect my credit score?
how to lower body fat intake?
When was the birthday of Abraham Lincoln?
Can anyone help please?
a geometric figure having three lines segments for sides.?
How does technology affect the health diagnostic?
how do you separate oxygen from carbon dioxide?.?
what is the main source of energy in nigeria?
need more help ladies?
why do boys are behind gals. why ?
can my job keep my vacation pay if i quit?
can explain unrotten means?
((x-5)+10)=?
How can we generate electricity using dynamos?
Who is hotter???
will posh spice be a mom for the 4th time?
i want information about stack of fci?
What are some fun ideas for a summer birthday party?
As I was going to St. Ives...?
what does an internal electric diffribulator do?
how to take advantage of gsa schedules?
I am male basketball player. Should I wear a protective cup?
I have a tough riddle?
How do I restore my Yahoo Home Page to the original version?
5 months on?
What movie title best describes you and your life?
Organic Compound?
author of "Acts of Apostels" ???
how can i make friends the net?
Who do you think was the best president ever?
how can i received miracle or how can i be heal?
What is a slush fund?
What is the most abundant  yet the most precious of all?
is africa a countary?
Please answer?
who sings this?
How do I win a nobel peace prize?
Limewire Tips.....?
I want to be a lawyer wat do i do?
Who's had enough of hearing about Alex Ferguson already?
a name..... need to know ASAP?
How can i tell?
what is a stand-alone file?
Anyone know the release date for Hannah Montana Cd??
What would you think is the most dangerous career choice?
Did u have the dream honeymoon?
who is the best r&b female?
can a 9year old girl get pregnant?
what word rhymes with above?
Should incest be legal since Adam and Eve were related?
Is this a weird fantasy?
Any good forum for real estate and mortgage?
do u think their will be another world war?
Can someone be in love with two people at the same time ?
Why is Amercian Football called Football?
Remember which Hollywood actor  gave this great advise about direct eye contact?
computer refuses to boot without a startup cd?
Have you ever had a colon cleanse?
round the decimal to the given place value?
Do you wash your hands after using the bathroom?
Who is the NY Giants biggest rival??
k,,another riddle!?
did anyone do this when they were younger?
If looks could kill why do people use guns?
how can i find him!?
how can u tell if ur been cheated on?
When did young boys in medieval times start tending the fields?
Should they bring back the death penalty?
I'm bored, what can i do???
what happens if earth stops its rotation around the sun?
Any natural redheads out there?
how do i become ready?
how do you clean a human skull?
how are molecules other than glucose" broken down?
But do you like to mosh at a rock concert?
Do the marriage vows really mean anything anymore in modern societies?
Role of USA lead the world to peace or unstable/unrest?
Olympic Softball?
what is this movie?
Would you wait or move on?
How do I install windows media player 10 on this new computer?
is it ok to only have one ballack?
how can i meet a nice guy?
How to get traffic to my shop by phone tel line?
What is the point spread on the Pittsburgh-Denver football game?
Why can't I marry someone I don't love?
Why can't I have an orgasm with a man?
Chiquitita by ABBA?
Can Fat girls really dance?
free home remedies for kidney stones?
how does a person know if they are in love?
how do u burn a cd using limewire?
whats the best web host companeis?
do you ever snore when you go to sleep?
When does Bulimia accur?
Gotham mutual fund run by Greenblatt?
two favorite hair metal bands?
antigravitation how this can be generated?
Female cops?
why do people like being alife and hate death?
am i wasting my time with this guy?
Name a TV show that they should cancel?
MySpace opinions?
What are the system requirements for All-In-Wonder Pro?
why is "common sense" not as common anymore?
what is the best way to remember chemical equations?
which object weighs about 1 kilogram?
How do you edit songs, either on a Mac or Windows?
what is known as king of mosquitoes?
what is the future of mine?
How much is a google plex?
What's the problem With Digital Libraries?
whats the smallest country?
I do believe...?
what is the ultimate fate of a pulsar?
What layer is th Van Allen Belt in???
2x + y = 4, x + y = 3?
Any good freehost with SSH?
what is the energy force in a magnet?
How can I make money from processing dental claims from home?
What are some lyrics/quotes...?
what is the easiest way to buy shares on line?
Whats that movie called?
simple church welcome address?
who started hiphop?
how to design a conveyor system?
I need help?
How can I make my feet look smaller and thiner?
make a new word and tell me what it means?
What is your greatest fear?
Why are women so upset with porn?
Simple & compund interest formula?
what is information technology?
Who is glad Steelers won Super Bowl XL?
why can i only get certain sites on the internet.?
Should the Government take the possible threat from Aliens seriously?
Men...What turns you on about girls?
How do I get the umbrellas of cherbourg libretto?
is charmed being cancelled?
Where can I find legit scholarships?
Which LaTeX editor should I use?
Anyone remember the music group FASTBALL?
what is the electric properties of liver ?
What is your favourite japanese animation and why?
Scientology - Isn't it fantastic?
When is Highschool Musical two coming out?
I have flat feet. Can I still join the navy?
This was in a Tampa Fla newspaper. Good article?
please explain in simple terms what is spam?
What should i do to get him back?
What team in Romania did Rudy Voeller play for?
how can i get free money?
Geometry questions..... need help?
Are raido waves able to travel in a vacuum?
House Mortgage?
desi question - what does janu mean?
What is the difference between impedance and reactance?
how can i reduce my eyesight?
Who will win?
What is G Shock? How does it work?
Something nice to say to a 7 year old.?
how do you become fanancially stable?
who are the personnel of a bakeshop?
what is the smallest thing known to man ?
What is your your internet speed???
who won the atlanta 96?
how far can a squirrel fall & not get hurt?
how do i get rich?
How would you know if you're gonna be hired?
do i need a date for the 8th grade dance??
☼What are you doing for summer solstice?☼?
Do you care a lot?
Why girls shy from sex?
Is it as well OR aswell?
whos your fav person?
what kind of math classes do lawyers need to take?
when is burger king going public?
what is a "walkover" in tennis?
do you think US presidents should be permitted to smoke cigars?
where can i store music files on the internet?
What is a definite integral?
does everyone have a purpose in life?
Anyone have "Lonesome Suzie?"?
What's involved with becoming an agent for Avon?
Why do we blush when we get embarrassed or shy?
how to appear smart and cool in the school???
what do u do for period cramps girls only?
Why do the Police treat regular people like supects?
whats the virus of chikengunia?
whos the man/woman of  your dreams?
what is normal IgG?
Do gorillas get the hiccups?
who is the patron saint (or god) of project management?
Does America Care About the World?
What do white spots on nails mean?
does drinking alot of water help you lose weight?
Trivia Questions: Question one....?
the brief disappearance of mickey mouse's tail?
Should I talk to her or ignore her?
Deed security?
Do you like your co workers?
How can women improve her sex performance?
how does nonstick cooking spray work?
what does a "mean" mean?
How much does a college professor get paid, and how?
who was willem drees?
